Cute place. Got the Italian American.  French bread has a heavenly crunch. Love sandwiches made with vinaigrettes, but the cream cheese just overwhelmed the sandwich.  I had to scrape it off. Kind of pricey (fried bologna  $10.50; really). Consider expanding the menu because the options are too few in a town that knows a great sandwich.Yum! Fried Bologna Sandwich was unreal. The wedge salad with everything bagel seasoned dressing, fresh dill and bacon lard bits. Decadent, quick, delicious.  Perfect lunch spot with outdoor seating. Puppy friendly!Highly recommend the wedge salad and collard green melt, ridiculously good. Love the sense of humor the staff has from the year round Christmas tree to the animal table markers. Love all the repurposed furniture.Damn, I'm not sure to start with this place. I was here with the whole band and tried a little bit of everything---and without exception, everything was completely awesome. The bologna sandwich stands out, but the tacos I think were my favorite. Don't leave without trying the deviled eggs, and for god's sake, order a cabbage salad for the table.Def on of the most innovative restaurants in Nola!  These guys bring it full throttle!  The deep Fried Chicken Pot Pie is to die for.  Highly recommendBeen here once, but don't think I'll be back. I had read about this place in Bon Appetit so I had high expectations. As a visitor to New Orleans, there is a lot of competition for stomach space.
I had a late lunch on a weekday. There was a film crew here taking up a corner of the restaurant. The place was pretty packed. 
I ordered the fried bologna and deviled eggs. 
- The fried bologna was good, but I got sick of the sweetness halfway into the large sandwich. Textures were great.
- I liked the fried chicken skins on top of the deviled eggs more than the eggs. Doesn't everybody? 
I was a bit confused after I got my order where the utensils or even napkins were. The film crew equipment had mostly obscured the shelf/wall that housed this stuff and since I was dining alone, I couldn't easily step away from my food to ask and there was a queue. 
It's a fun stop, especially if you like to try new places/highly rated places.  Take more people with you if you can so you can try variety.I want to come back and try it all!!!! Had the wedge salad, it's amazing! Loved the retro glassware and plates. The whole place is adorable!The Italian sandwich was pretty good.  However, the cabbage salad was so dam spicy, I could not eat it.  The description said something about jalapeño vinaigrette, not a million jalapenos in the salad and spicier than heck!  I like the idea of you, but I could not eat my food.  You deserve to do well, but not my cup of tea.OMG. It's like a time machine back to after school lunch at a friends house c 1986. I destroyed the fried bologna sandwich. Almost stole the plate. The soft serve and chocolate shell with chips was so good it didn't even get photographed. Loved the place!Really yummy cocktails and the greens and coleslaw melt sandwich was SO GOOD!  I went on a quiet Wednesday night, so not much "ambience". But the food was great!These sandwiches are dank as shit. If you don't like dank sandwiches, don't come here, because you're an idiot. 
10/10 would recommend over eating your own farts.Great neighborhood gem.  This place is a renovated gas station done up in a 50's 60's theme down to the silverware and glasses.  Food is way above average.  Drinks are thoughtfully crafted and executed.  We have already been back 2 times and with it being seated in our neighborhood will be back again!So. Good. Believe the hype! I had the fried bologna sandwich and deviled eggs and they were sublime. Some of the best bites of food I've had. I came in the afternoon, no line, easy parking, friendly service. Highly highly recommend.Best fried bologna sandwich EVER!!  This was a fun little quirky place. Follow them on Instagram they are hilarious!Very interesting sandwiches. The turkey cran was really good but pretty small and very mayo-y. The salad was probably the best part - lots of crunchy things and bit a of kick.This place is really neat. Frog salt and pepper shaker: plus for this frog lover. Sweet tea: stamp of approval from this Southern girl. Sweet potato sandwich super delicious (just a tadddd spicy if you're a wimpy baby like me). Turkey and cranberry - really good. Bread wasn't as fancy as if hoped on the turkey, but the softness was good (kindof one of those baguettes you get from the grocery store to make deli sandwiches at home). Bread perfect on sweet potato one. Very cool inside, small, but outside seating. Cool "numbers" for your orders with small figurines -so saw a triceratops and a raptor, though we had wolves I think. Small menu, but pretty great! Overall would come again! Especially for that sweet potato sandwich and tea!Amazing!  Was at a conference and came here for lunch based on a recommendation from a friend. We had the Fried bologna sandwich and cabbage salad both of which were amazingly good. It was like stepping back into the 70s but having a chef and not a mom preparing your food. It was so good that we came back again the next day with friends to try basically everything else on the menu. The grilled collard green was by far my favorite.Very cozy, got a veggie sandwich and a cabbage spicy salad. Both good, the salad perhaps was too spicy and I didn't really digest easily! Overall very nice.Absolutely delicious! Lamb roti, kids grilled cheese and the lettuce wedge!!! Yummmmmy!! Everyone was so nice and super sweet to our toddler and they gave him a sweet slap bracelet with  emoji on it!  kept him entertained for the hour! The lamb is so tasty and goes really well with the yogurt and cucumbers! So happy I got that! We met the owner (who is probably the funniest person alive)! Love this place. And the plate ware and glasses are all 90's to the extreme!Turkey and Wolf is very much worth the hype! I love everything about this restaurant from their delicious food to the cheerful employees and quirky décor. My friend and I shared a fried bologna sandwich and a wedge salad. The portions were huge and we were certainly stuffed by the end of the meal. The bologna sandwich was unlike any bologna sandwich I've had before and the chips that come inside the sandwich make it special. The wedge salad was topped with a poppy seed seasoning that took the salad to a whole new level...so dang good!  I would recommend coming for a late lunch to avoid the long line/wait. What a gem to the lower garden district!Yum!!! Line was out the door and to the corner of the street, took 30 minutes to order a sandwich and get a table. Get a beer at the bar inside to drink while in line if you're antsy. I split the fried bologna sandwich and Italian American with a friend. We loved them both, deviled eggs are also a must. The staff were friendly and helpful.Perfect funky sandwich plate. I got the lamb neck roti with cucumber, yogurt and onions and my friend got the delicious collard green melt. Both sandwiches were great, but if I were to do it over, I'd get the collard green melt. It was just too good. 
Prices are good, service is fast and the inside is charming and funky. The sandwiches are all served on curated vintage plates (my sandwich was served on a delicate floral plate and my friends was served on a collectible Ronald McDonald's plate, if that gives you any idea). Will definitely be returning soon!Absolutely fantastic sandwiches, but the fried pot pie might be the best thing I've ever put in my mouth!The collard green melt sandwich is a revelation. Like a reuben, but with collards instead of meat. A friend said the deviled eggs were amazing but were so good she refused to share!  Also loved the funky vibe. A must-do on any trip to NoLa.So, I have been wanting to try this place for a long time.  After shopping, I decided to stop in for lunch.  Boy was I disappointed.  I ordered the Italian American sandwich.  Seeing all the sandwiches coming out, I thought to myself that I was in for it bc they looked so huge.  Wrong.  My sandwich was literally 2 pieces of meat on a cold hoagie roll.  Now there were tons of shredded lettuce, and a couple banana peppers as well.  There was also the cream cheese spread - LOTS OF IT - so much of it that the spread was shooting out of the sides of the bread.  I guess they put so much on there bc the flavor is so overpowering that you won't notice that you paid almost $15 for 2 pieces of meat, a pepper, and a bun.  A lady at the table by me had the wedge salad and it looked delicious.  I will give the place another try just for that salad, but the sandwiches (at least that sandwich) leaves a lot to be desired.  I could have went around the corner to Stein's and got a similar sandwich with 5 times the meat on it, with chips and a drink for less money.  
Overprices and over hyped for sure.  If you want a good salad - go for the wedge.  If you want a good sandwich - go down the street to Stein's - it's cheaper and a much better value for the money.Seriously a hidden gem of the city! This unique take on sandwiches matches flavors that make you want one of everything on the menu! Don't be fooled by the small and quaint feel of this restaurant because it packs a massive punch to its competitors! I was taken away by how delicious the food was! I cant wait to go again! I highly recommend!It's worth the trip and any wait! Everything we had was unexpected and phenomenal. Highly recommend the Fried Bologna, the Collard greens sandwich, and the Lamb Neck Roti. Yummm!Sandwiches are delightfully life altering. These guys get it right. Line to the street when I got there 1 minute past opening time! Go hungry, but not so hungry a line will deter you. It IS worth the wait. I love how funky-casual it is. Like visiting some artsy cool friends for lunch.
If you're not alone, use your time in line to decide what Two sandwiches look interesting to Both of you and split, cuz you're gonna' wish you had more than a bite of the one you didn't choose.
They are all just so right on the mark that you didn't know existed.
P.S. YUM!Service and setting was very nice. All the food was made well, but they missed the mark a bit. Wish i could give 3.5 instead of 3 stars. Here's a rundown of my experience:
-Chicken fried steak sandwich would have been a home run, but with the pepper jelly, slaw, and sauce, there was way too much going on taste wise. It wasn't a cohesive sandwich and the flavors did not meld well. The chicken fried steak itself was great, however.
-Tacos inauthenticos. How stoned was the person who came up with this? It was difficult to taste anything beyond the sour cream, hot sauce, and American cheese. Was expecting the head cheese to be the star of the show.
-McMuffin was a winner, it's everything McDonald's wishes they were. Very on point.
-Crab boil roll was different and delicious. I would come back for this.
-Deviled eggs with chicken skin were pretty good, although nothing to write home about.
All in all, they have great potential, but many dishes are poorly executed and a little too busy. I'd try them again in the future, but they weren't my favorite.Tried Turkey and the Wolf for the first time today. Oh my goodness!! We'll certainly be back. Shared a wedge salad and bologna sandwich. The wedge was probably the best I've ever tasted. The bologna sandwich was like a flavor packet bursting in my mouth. Amazing lunch experience. Highly recommend this eatery!Well, this highly acclaimed new Restaurant is all the buzz, so we were excited to try it. Sorry but we were let down, starting with blaring mindless rap(?) pounding and impossible to listen to.  It might be my age as we were clearly the oldest In the crowd but I'm pretty open.  Couldn't find many/any meaty choices so my wife and I split the ham sandwich and deviled eggs with fried  chicken skins...on a whim. The sandwich was good because of the sauce but on an ordinary po-boy bun.  Not very innovative. The deviled eggs "yolk" was creamy - maybe too runny. Certainly no unique taste.  As for the chicken skins?  Exactly what I expected and unfortunately that wasn't much. Tasted exactly like you took grocery store rotisserie chicken skin and deep fried it.  On the plus side, it was light and crunchy and didn't taste like KFC original recipe, so I was pleasantly surprised. I was going to order a cocktail from an interesting list of about 8 specialties, but opted for the $3 PBR tall boy.  Nice and cold.  Glad it was good because it seemed to me that for each hard liquor drink, they started with a good foundation but mucked it up with a sweet creamy liqueur.  Decided not to go that route so we left while our hearing was still intact.Interesting combinations of flavors, and we enjoyed them all. The sweet potato sandwich was probably the favorite of the table. The baba ganoush was tasty, the bread is purpose-baked. Desserts are soft serve ice cream based concoctions, and all are a good choice.Holy cow! I had the ham sandwich. Probably the best sandwich I've ever had. The 2 year old cheddar on it was incredible! I had a bite of my lady's collard green melt and that was just as delicious as mine. Friendly staff great service. I think I'll have to go back at least one more time before my trip ends. Thank you to my buddy Kenny, tattooer at Hell or High Water, for the recommendation. Oh, and the water cups are Tupperware!If you love exploring and trying new foods, definitely check this place out! That being said, the menu is very limited and every offering is very experimental, so it might be hard finding something for everybody. Everything on the menu is done well, and it is certainly memorable and worth trying. I had the fried chicken pot pie, and it was delicious, although a bit small and not so filling for the price. Everyone at my table enjoyed their meal!Wow, just wow.  Don't be scared,  just go for it.  I'm describing my first cheesy collard greens sandwich with slaw.  It's like a Ruben, but not really.  The eclectic atmosphere is an experience you have to have.Food was great, but male cashier had an attitude. It is a huge menu that needs a little explaining. The waiter and waitress were extremely helpful. There are many places to get a great sandwich, so be kind and understanding to your customers as they will have questions! Patience is a virtue!Great food, "home" cooking with an inspired twist.  Had the wedge salad and the collard green sandwhich both were terrific and shared with others in my group.  Down side had nothing to do with the food but be prepared to wait. Crowded, inadequate seating and if you want a refill of your iced tea you need to get the bartender to do that and she was already vey busy making/ pouring cocktails, beer and wine for everyone else. Still try to get by this place wait staff was really busy but friendly and professional.This is a little hole in the wall with a small eclectic sandwich menu. You stand in line to order and then find a table. We had to hover over some people dawdling over their meal to get a table but we received our food quickly after snagging a table. I had the ham sandwich but subbed mustard for the seasoned mayo. The drizzle of cranberry sauce added a nice touch of sweet and tangy to the sandwich. My son had it with the mayo and was very pleased with the blend of flavors. My daughter in law had the fried bologna sandwich which is piled high with lettuce and homemade potato chips between two slices of Texas toast. She proclaimed it to be the best sandwich she had ever eaten!I ordered the ham sandwich, and as much as I wanted to like (and eat)  it, there was way too much mayo on it (and that's all I could taste). The deviled eggs were good. Nothing too special.This place is so fun and quirky and the food is amazing. The bologna sandwich is everything it is hyped up to be. And the staff is so friendly! Highly recommend!There is a reason everyone is talking about this place. You will not be disappointed. Delicious, incentive food. Looking forward to trying more! Portions were perfect and flavor was incredible!!!I can't stop thinking about the fried bologna sandwich.  It's overly cheesy, the bread is overly buttery and the sandwich is overly wonderful.  Warning - if eating this during lunch, you WILL suffer from a series case of ITIS when you go back to work.  Do yourself a favor and split the bologna sandwich and the ham sandwich with a friend - because that's what I did and I have zero regrets.  That smoked ham is oh so juicy and that specialty sourced bun from Virginia or whatever the heck the chef was talking about is ON PERNT.  This place has little quirks in every cranny of decor. The cups reminded me of the ones I used at lunch in my elementary school.  Everything seems vintage so maybe they ARE the cups from my elementary school.  I can't wait to return and try literally everything else.Hands down the best Wedge Salad we have ever had! Drinks were creative as is all the food. Tried several items - can't go wrong ordering anything on menu. Love the fun and quirkiness. This is now a must stop list every trip to NOLA from now on.My coworker and I went to the Turkey and the Wolf during our lunch and let me just say this sandwich was one of the best unique sandwich I have ever eaten!!! I will visit Turkey and the Wolf again!!!After reading all the hoopla about this joint my friend and I came to see what all the fuss was about. I ordered the only thing on the menu that I thought was worth $10 plus for a sandwich with no side item. I ordered the lamb neck roti off of a recommendation from another friend. The roti was excellent, very rich and surprisingly filling. My friend ordered the wedge salad that was huge. The "wedge" is about a half a head lettuce filled with an abundance of blue cheese dressing and everything bagel topping for crunchiness. Rodney D. was eating that salad for an hour before he was able to finish. The salad is so big that its better served as an appetizer split with friends than an entree dish. The housemade blue cheese dressing was so rich that poor Rodney had a plumbing problem later in the day, beware. All in all I like the place but hope that they keep the small menu updated with different and more interesting sandwiches to try.Thank you for the best sandwich ever! The country fried chicken sandwich was incredible. The tacos were fire and the fried pot pie still has my stomach smiling. The Sunny D margarita was awesome. The vibe is just what you need and Lauren Holton, the owner, is a stud. Do yourself a favor and feed your soul with some Turkey and the Wolf.YOU NEED TO GO HERE! This funky little restaurant makes the best sandwiches in New Orleans. Everyone needs a good sandwich.An amazing food experience! I would recommend to all, their sandwiches are spectacular! We were visiting and went out of our way to walk here, easily the best food experience we had. And the drinks were pretty amazing too.The chicken fried steak sandwich is honestly one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my entire life. 
UPDATE: apparently they've stopped serving this amazing sandwich... so sad and I'm not sure why because even they admitted it's their best seller. I'll be keeping my eye on their social media for other good looking food, but until something catches my eye I won't be back.This place deserves much of its hype! According to Bon Appetit it's the best new restaurant of 2017! It's tough to be named the best anything. The magazine review is why I chose this place for lunch during my trip to Nola. 
Let's get to the food though! The Fried Bologna sandwich was delicious AF! Haven't had a bologna sandwich since elementary school... After Turkey and The Wolf, I won't look at Bologna sandwiches the same. They make their own Bologna..this isn't that "my bologna has a first name mess." The sandwich has potato chips in between incredibly fresh bread. They took a mediocre sandwich and perfected it. And at $10.50 they aren't trying to drain your wallet. 
I also tried the collard green melt. It's another thing that makes this place really unique. All this places menu items go together really well. You can tell a chef came up with these ingenious ideas!
The wait wasn't too long on a Monday. People can get really aggressive trying to claim an open table when it's packed during peak lunch hours. There aren't many seats. Only four seats at their bar. Get here before or after the lunch rush if you can! 
Never thought I'd say this but I can see myself craving a bologna sandwich!I've been looking forward to eating here ever since I read the Bon Appetit article, and I was not disappointed! We got the bologna sandwich and the Italian American and both were amazing (my wife thought they were a little heavy handed with the respective sauces), and we ate everything which is impressive given the size of the sandwiches. The restaurant is also well set up to handle the large influx of people that happens as soon as it opens with a separate bar to order your second drink without getting trapped in a long line. Highly recommend but get there early!Had the collared green melt.  A wee bit too much mayo.  Otherwise excellent.  If you go before 12 on a weekday it's not too crowded.  And they brought my sandwich out in like 5 minutes.My fried bologna has a first name it's T-U-R-K-E-Y...when your umbrella is inverted and full of sprinkles you must use your tongue! Had to try the fried bologna sandwich at the 2017 Best New Restaurant... not disappointed!I saw this place on "Somebody Feed Phil" and had to make it a point to try this place out. This place outstanding!!. Has a cool hipster vibe. The food was amazing. Well worth the 40 dollar uber ride! -If you're ever in New Orleans and want some lunch, I highly recommend this place. We ordered the lamb rot a sandwich with chips, and key lime pie on icecream. The line up was long but moved quickly. I noticed the owner sitting in the back corner (recognized​ him from Somebody Feed Phil) he was observing the crowd​ and seemed to be working on his laptop.Cute neighborhood lunch spot - tried the handheld chicken pot pie, the greens melt, deviled eggs and cabbage salad. All winners. Very tasty and not your typical lunch spot.  I'd definitely come back here when in the Irish Channel. 
Con-no coffeeReally amazing sandwiches. Well worth the 15 minute wait in line. The fried bologna sandwich is one of the greatest things I've ever tasted and I HATE bologna. Cocktail was awesome. The only thing I wished was that they had more local beer options.I didn't  expect  to like this place, hence, no pictures. Well they proved me wrong. The menu is very small, but you really can't go wrong. The only thing I can really complain about  is the high price for a sandwich, which does not come with anything....no chips, no fries , no salad. Just a sandwich (not even over stuffed). Our table ordered the deviled eggs with chicken skin, collard green sandwich, ham sandwich  and the pot pie. We all tasted each  other's food. I must say that I did not expect to like the collard sandwich, but it was excellent! The filling on the pot pie was delicious as well. The eggs were worth a repeat. The ham sandwich  was the 2nd overall table favorite. Expect a line when you go unless the weather permits outside seating.I thought the place would have a turkey sandwich but it's just in the name. Lol. The meatloaf sandwich was really good. They are definitely good sized sandwiches.The seasoning and flavors are wonderful. They serve complex menu items. I'm assuming the menu changes frequently and there's not a lot of selection. However the sauces and flavor combos are genius.Hmm I understand the hype and glad I stopped by as I was in NOLA. It was not too busy on a Saturday around 2pm. Got the Ham sandwich and it was packed with flavor. I am not a big mayo and cranberry person, but it was till good. It just felt like my sandwich was soaked in it. At first the sandwich alone did not look like it would fill you up, but it certainly satisfied my appetite.
My friends got the Fried Bologna which in retrospect, was more my thing. The bread is thicker, but not as drenched in the mayo as the Ham sandwich.It's hip, it's different, and if you're in New Orleans for a few days it's definitely worth a stop because the food is really great. Enjoyed sitting at the bar where you can see them chefing up everything in the kitchen for their small but well composed menu. Would go back with a group and split a few things to really sample what they've got.Deliciously eclectic menu! I got the lamb roti and our table shared the devil eggs. This is a must for lunch if you're in NOLA, you won't regret it. Keep in mind, you're options are very limited if you're vegetarian / vegan.Loved the wedge salad! Great place for lunch. We have seafood allergies and this place was one of the only places we could find that didn't serve seafoodFirst time customer even though I live 5 blocks away.  I'll be back many times.  Had the Collard Green Melt.  Easily one of the best sandwiches Ive ever had.  Got it to go, very busy place.  Great staff, very nice.Creative and yummy food! I never thought of making collards into a sandwich, but it's delicious. The cabbage salad was positively inspired. Great service, but casual. No reservations- prepare to stand in line with happy people for awhile. Very limited seating, too. Maybe take-out is a good plan. But you should eat here.Awesome lunch
On this NewOrleans trip I've dined at three fine dining dinner spots and Turkey and the Wolf served my best meal. Collard melt rules!Oooo baby, believe the hype!!!! Arrived at 11:30am, 30 min after they opened, and the place was already packed and with a line out of the door. We ordered the collard melt and the fried bologna sandwich. So good. A funky joint with awesome flavors. Off the main drag a touch but that doesn't keep the tourists away who have found out about this place!!! Worth it, though. These guys slay the sandwich game.This is the place you go for an intimate, fun, lunch date or break from the rat race!  I had the Fried Bologna Sandwich and it was amazing!!   Wife had the fried pot pie and it too did not disappoint!  If your coming to NOLa this is a must !We showed up at 11 am and the line was long waiting for the restaurant to open. It was busy but it moves quick! We ordered the collard greens sandwich and it was so good!Great place for stoner food. Greasy but delightful. Share a couple with your friends, because there are so many awesome combinations of flavors and textures to enjoy. 
Last time I was there the collard melt/club was the winner. Don't forget to try non-sandwich items. Wash down with cold beer, and stop before you feel full because you will have something awesome to eat later when you are drinky.We got the fried bologna and the collard green patty melt. The collard green sandwich was literally the best sandwich I've ever had. I almost ordered a second one it was so good. We got lucky and didn't have a wait. The cocktail were perfectly done as well!Ate here today. My friend recommended the place. Was so good! I tasted everything on the table.Didn't live up to the hype. The place looks kind of like a generic bywater "rustic corner store," and the food was over seasoned and still unflavorful. The bread wasn't even substantial, it kind of disappeared into the thousand island dressing that my sandwich was swimming in. I didn't try the drinks though, and the staff seemed friendly. Save your money, go to Cochin Butcher.Came across this place on instagram a couple of weeks ago and I knew I was going to New Orleans soon so I decided it would a great place to check out for lunch...I was not disappointed, it was awesome...the atmosphere was just my style, right down to the Big Tymers playing in the background...I had the Asparagus and my 3 year old had a grilled cheese, which were both delicious...can't wait to take my husband!!!AMAZING sandwiches, ice cold PBR & a fun funky dining experience- you have GOT to get there if you go to NOLASaw this on 'Somebody Feed Phil' which is a Netflix classic if you haven't seen it before.
A very eclectic stop.when in New Orleans. The winner was the fried bologna sandwich... it was excellent. My cousin had the asparagus sandwich that she loved. I had the chicken pot pie, which was interesting and good..... but wished I had picked the bologna!!Delicious wedge salad, great soft ice cream desserts with mostly savory toppings! Everything looked very appetizing, hard to choose!The only thing I really enjoyed here was a special drink of the day that had lemonade, cranberry and earl grey tea. The Italian meat sandwich barely had meat on it. The decor is cute, quaint, serve yourself type digs. Minimal parking. Not worth the hype.We had the Italian and ham sandwiches.  Tacos and deviled eggs with chicken skins. I thought all of the sauces, spices and herbs on everything were excellent. 
A $12.50 Italian sub sandwich is a bit pricey. 
2 sandwiches, I deviled egg appetizer, 3 tacos and a cocktail came out to $54.  There is Heros Subs in Chicago where a ham sub with extra ham runs about $6.50. A much better value and the taste compares favorably with any sub in the USA. This New Orleans establishment is busy and needs a bit more a/c on hot days. I've been here once and will probably not return because I think it's overpriced.It's not fair that there not enough places like this around.
The food is amazing and with a solid flavor down to the last grain. So good that I can even *feel* every amylase was rejoicing on every break down of the food. Serious happiness.
And I'm not even a sandwich person! Well I wasn't, until I had sandwiches here. Holy delish!
The eggs and the meatloaf are a must- but I'm so sad my stomach and my stay in NOLA wasn't big or long enough to do it all.
The staff is chill and the atmosphere was relaxed. The people who visit look like Nola locals. Always gotta love that :).Go now!  The Collard Green Melt is in the top 3 most delicious sandwich I've ever eaten.  It has zero meat but you don't miss it at all.  I would call it a vegetarian Reuben but that would be an insult to this amazing, creative sandwich.  The restaurant is small, has a bar, and a handful of parking spots. It's in a quiet area in the Irish Channel and easy to pass by if you're not looking for it.  I want to take everyone I know here so they can have their minds blown.Life-changing sandwiches. Come hungry and don't plan on eating again the rest of the day. Definitely grab one of their cocktails, because why not.GREAT new place in the Lower Garden District! We were able to sit at the bar and bypass the line entirely. We had the fried bologna sandwich, which was completely awesome! Service was friendly and fast. Always packed for a reason, they are GREAT!Best new restaurant of the year? Nahhhhh. Not even close. BUT, let's not get bogged down in all the overblown and annoying hype. This place has great sandwiches, a really fun and playful vibe, and they serve soft serve with your choice of delicious toppings. Don't miss it, it's pretty fuego.Food was so good. We reached the location right at 11am and there was a small lineup already. Food didn't disappoint. Do try the cocktails, they are really good.As far as lunch spots go this place is perfect. Fast, reasonably priced, and most of all delicious. The wedge is amazing the fried bologna was stellar, wagyu beef chicken fried steak, amazing, tried every cocktail, all were amazing. Every thing here blew my mind honestly. Get here fast.I went to this funky establishment during a rainy, parade season day and found it to be nearly out of tables, and with almost a little bit of line. I soon discovered that this semi-famous joint was actually a counter service establishment. I got the collard greens sandwich and a wedge salad to go and tuckered in a bit before i could make it out the door to trudge back to the touristy french q hotel from whence I came.
What I found was an impressive amount of emulsified creamy sauces stuffed into every crevice of innocent vegetables. This meal was unctuous, and indulgent, but so is new orleans so I may as well take some small solace in the fact that you are also digesting vegetables. 
The wedge salad had bacon, everything bagel seasoned crunchies, and bucketloads of ranch or whatever. OH yeah I think it also had a leafy green, i cant remember which. Back in new york we have the everything bagel seasoning gimmick as well, but Im not mad at its presence here. it was enough for four people as an app.
And then came the damn vegetarian sandwich that they cook in bacon fat or whatever. It was good. Really good. But it was rye bread! Again, Im a new yorker, Rye, too is Jewish a staple back home, but I dont normally love it. its oddly over powering sometimes. not at turkey and the wolf, however. The rye bread held its own against the stratta of oily vegetables and cheese the packs a gooey punch. Hats off to them. 
And as an epilogue, I found that the sandwich was still good hours later, but naturally, given the aforementioned oilyness, its structural integrity was for naught.Everything was amazing. Cant go wrong with anything on the menu. But the fried bologna and the collard green sandwich was AMAZE BALLS !!! Friendly staff and good music too. Also tried the cabbage salad which was excellent !!!!I want to pick up the entire place and plop it down in Austin, TX and watch it thrive. You can tell these guys are putting love into everything they make, and the dose of humor in the cocktails names - "make cocktails blue again" and blast of early 2000s rap tells me they're having fun while at it. This was the first stop in New Orleans and I wanted to stay and eat/drink it all. A foodie must!The collard green sandwich & wedge salad were really good, but the other dishes were average. It's definitely on the heavy side, so be prepared to roll yourself out of there!Very few places live up to the hype like they do here! I showed up for lunch with the line stretching out the door and every seat in the house full except for one spot at the bar. I'm not even sure what I had to drink because I just asked the bartender to make whatever he had on his mind, it was amazing! The color green melt definitely change the way you think about a meat free sandwich. Like seriously maybe one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten! The  staff was also super rad and able to answer some questions about a couple other restaurants in town and even provide a few suggestions. I'll definitely be back... Like I'll definitely ,probably,maybe make a special three and a half hour one day trip just for lunch!Meatloaf sandwich was yummy, as was the lamb neck roti. Cool collection of Gumby characters above the toilet perfectly summarizes the vibe at this hole in the wall sandwich shop.Best bologna sandwich ever. Period. 
Now, is it "Best new restaurant in America" per Bon Appetit? Maybe not, but if you're in Nola, its totally worth the long wait for some unique renditions of classic sandwiches. The beer selection wasn't bad either, and if you don't finish, you can always take it on the road!A little off the beaten path, but definitely worth stopping by. It has a very eclectic, colorful style and a very local environment. Shared the asparagus sandwich and the collard green melt and they were both absolutely fabulous! The asparagus sandwich was super refreshing and had a "lighter" feel to it. The collard green melt had a comfort food type feel, almost like a vegetarian Rueben. The bread the sandwiches came on were both super tasty.Went here for lunch on a Saturday and was surprised by the crowd considering they're pretty new. The menu looked outstanding but we settled on the Ham sandwich and the deviled eggs. The ham sandwich sounds pretty blah, right? How do you elevate a ham sandwich. Well, they did.  I can't remember what cheese they used but it was a perfect compliment to the ham and melted in your mouth. With a cranberry spread, herbed mayo, and mustard, this sandwich could have easily become a mess of flavors but it was the most delicious sandwich I have ever had. The deviled eggs were also great. The filling was slightly runny and I thought the amount was odd (literally odd. Why serve three deviled eggs?) but I would absolutely order it again. 
I only wish I lived closer so I could visit more often.Really like their sandwiches-especially the collard greens one!! Laid back vibe with top quality eats. A welcome addition to the neighborhood!OK so this place for sure has it going on! The food here is ridiculously good and creative!! I've had the deviled eggs- YUM. The bologna sandwich- HOLY SH*T. SO. FREAKING. GOOD. And the ham sandwich? LAWDDDD was so good and full of flavor! All I gotta say is the people in the joint know what they doing! Definitely would recommend!!Not even the best sandwich place on the street.
Came to T and W with high expectations after eating a breakfast of French toast and discovering the Bon Appétit article that named the best new restaurant in the country (right down the street!). 
I'll be fair and say that it may have been because of my pre-meal stuffing, but I left feeling prettttty queasy. 
We were first in line, the day after the magazine arrived, quickly having a convoy line up behind us. 
We knew that we would get the collard greens and bologna sandwiches. The decor was cool and kitsch. The bread was soaked in butter, wetted with mayo, and light on meat. The salads looked great, but we didn't try them. The staff and other customers seemed very happy. 
This is great munchy food, highly acclaimed, but not right for regular sustenance. I'll certainly be back to try the rest of the menu, but for now, I have to say that the meat-generous Stein's market is my go-to for a sanwichy craving.Located in the old NOLA Smokehouse space on Jackson, the strangely named Turkey and The Wolf serves good sandwiches and salads in a kitschy retro space. There's also a bar, and the menu is small but generally well done with big flavors. Prices are high though, and I prefer both the ham and meatloaf sandwiches at nearby Gracious Bakery which are also a few bucks cheaper (though they admittedly have less ambience). All things considered I'm just as likely to hit up Butcher, Wayfair, Revel, or other sandwich places in town.
Turkey and The Wolf is a nice place, but I'm quite surprised at all the hype including James Beard semifinalist for Best New Restaurant. They're good sandwiches and all, but I guess you get extra points these days for being uber hipster. So be it.Great food, cool environment!! Food was great! Went around 11:30, perfect time to go! By the time we left there was a pretty long line outside! The sandwiches were yummy and the deviled eggs were awesome! Loved the old plates and cups they used, they reminded me of my childhood.So much fun and insanely delicious! We loved it! The fried bologna sandwich ( with potato chips) and collard green melt!   Yum! Found this on Yelp. Line moves very quickly and Magazine Street close by to walk it all off.   Go!Mixed feelings about this place. The chicken fried steak sandwich is amazing. We also tried the cranberry turkey sandwich. That was nothing to write home about considering the price and the fact that it didn't come with a side. We ordered two sandwiches, a beer and a cocktail for a whopping $60 (tip included). For $60, I expected a lot more. They don't indicate on the menu that they have side options so it was assumed that a purchase of a sandwich would come with chips. It did not. The cocktail I ordered was tasty and fresh but only filled the glass halfway and was mostly ice. Basically I'm pretty bummed that this place didn't live up to its hype. They have a lot of potential here but I think either the prices need to be lowered or a side option needs to be added and figured in fairly to the price. It left me hungry and it shouldn't have after spending almost 60 bucks.I don't even know how to start describing my experience at Turkey and the Wolf. It is in the best part of New Orleans with an amazing atmosphere as soon as you walk up you definitely know you're there, The line is out of the door but worth every minute. Is a fast casual restaurant meaning they do not wait on you to order at the counter and the food is brought to you. The sandwiches are explosive with flavor and looks. This is a must try restaurant the restaurant was voted best new restaurant of 2017 out of the entire country inn on a petite magazin this is a must try restaurant the restaurant was voted best new restaurant of 2017 out of the entire country in non appetit magazine.I went here to try the collard greens sandwich - sounds weird but it was delicious! I and my friend shared it because it was too heavy but if you are hungry, it's a good portion size.
One of my friend got the wedge salad - a huge wedge of lettuce with dressing and sprinkles of what looked like "everything bagel" seasoning. It a good portion size so you can totally share with someone.
They had a good selection of beer on tap but I didn't try any. 
The people working here were really friendly - you order at the front and they bring the food to you.
I recommend this place for the collard greens sandwich.The hype is real!  We went and had the deviled eggs, lamb roti, and collard melt.
The collard melt was so good.  The flavors were complex and savory.  I didn't mind not having meat on my sandwich.  The lamb roti was delicious!
We went in the afternoon and it wasn't busy.  We really enjoyed the music they were playing.  It reminded us of high school.
We will definitely be back.You must check out Turkey and the Wolf if you're looking for specialty cocktails and sandwiches in Nola. This place is awesome and the fried bologna sandwich blew my mind. We stayed in the city for 5 days and ate lunch here twice! Can't wait to go back!Great vibe, service, food---fun place with great grub---fast, courteous people!  Worth the stop for sure!Finally made the pilgrimage!!!  Well worth the wait. The fried bologna sandwich is all that and more. The fresh fried potato chips along with the dukes mayo make this a sandwich to remember. I will be back.Life-changing sandwich (collard & swiss). Tremendous salad (wedge). Hooray for day drinking (those cocktails). Can't wait to come back.I had been anxiously awaiting the opening of this spot since I first heard about it. I stalked their Instagram. I pestered them on Facebook. I was ready for something delicious in the neighborhood. The day is finally here and I have been to the promised land.
Located in the old NOLA Smokehouse building, Turkey and the Wolf is a yummy neighborhood sandwich place that I predict is going to be the next big thing in the NOLA lunch scene. I was here today and I already knew what I wanted- I had to have the ham sandwich. Ham, cranberry sauce, cheese, herb mayo all on a roll is just what the doctor ordered. You order at the counter, they give you a table marker and then they bring the food out.
My sandwich was delicious. They were generous with the ham, the cranberry sauce was a perfect touch and that herb mayo was out of this world. Seriously, I wonder if they make the mayo in house or if it's by some fancy mayo company or something. My friend got the ham sandwich and the chicken skin deviled eggs and they looked SO GOOD. I will definitely be getting those next time along with one of their head cheese sandwiches.
Although the place has only been open two days, they are fast about taking orders and getting the food out. It wasn't crazy packed today, but I predict that will change once word gets out about how good the food is. One tiny suggestion: I wish there was an option to get a bag of chips with my sandwich. I would be willing to pay an extra dollar or two for that option.
I highly recommend Turkey and the Wolf and I will be back.We had the collard green sandwich, ham sandwich, asparagus sandwich, bologna sandwich, and deviled eggs. Everything was delicious! The collard sandwich was definitely my favorite followed by the ham. The bologna was good but there was too much spicy honey mustard on it and it covered up the taste of the bologna so if I ordered it again I would omit the mustard. All in all a great meal!Sooo good. I got the lamb sandwich and it smelled like Xmas. Saw this on James Beard Nominee list and definitely agree. I called ahead to order for takeout. Make sure to get in line to pay as soon as you get there since everyone orders and pays at same time.OMG!!!! Not that this place needs another 5 star review, but. I felt compelled to write one. I seriously feel as if I had some religious/ spiritual culinary experience today at Turkey and the Wolf.. Walking in I immediately thought what in the hell the menu on the wall says like bologna and ham and stuff that we probably had in the refrigerator as a kid that made me swear that we were poor or that my parents hated me... so my friend and I ordered the collard green melt, lamb roti and cabbage salad all to share bc we wanted to try a few things. Seriously I don't know how the chef placed the things together to get these flavors.. I don't know if it's culinary chemistry or if he had a spiritual experience! Maybe God or a God.. perhaps the universe just knew that these items belonged together.. simply amazing! Really cool atmosphere it's a Nola gem. A little old school Tupac faintly in the background as you eat collard greens...definitely worth the awards it's received!!!FOOD was delicious and a unique, I had fried pot pie /w a roamalade sauce. Pot pie was well seasoned good flavor could stand with out the sauce, but  it added more flavor layers to it.Soooo good! We got the tacos and the deviled eggs with chicken skin! Everything was amazing! So amazing. Our friends got the fried chicken pie. Amazing way to wrap up our vacation! For dessert our husbands split the ice cream with key lime crunk chunks. Very good. Amazing. If this was where we live, prices would be 3 times higher than they are here.Turkey and the Wolf was on our list of places to visit after seeing their feature on "Somebody Feed Phil" on Netflix. We weren't aware they were named Best New Restaurant in America 2017 by Bon Appetit, but that appeared to be a well-known fact, judging by the line when we arrived (despite the pouring rain). It wasn't a terribly long wait to order, but getting a seat was a different story. We ended up sharing a four top with another couple (who both ordered the fried bologna sandwich and said it was incredible) and noticed many others embracing communal tables to accommodate the overflow of patrons. We ordered the fried pot pie (OMG so good), collard melt (out of this world amazing), deviled eggs w/ fried chicken skins (also good, but not as great as the other components of our meal), and a couple of $3 PBR tallboys. My husband wanted to buy a shirt, but couldn't find his size in the selection by the door. The gal at the register was kind enough to have someone look for it in the back, though they ended up not having any larges left. Overall, a great experience.Turkey and the Wolf, a new sandwiches and more restaurant in Irish Channel, was recently awarded best new restaurant in the country. They're signature dishes are their ham sandwich ("ten hour smoked" ham, doll-spiked mayo, cranberry sauce from a can, spicy arugula on French roll), a fried bologna sandwich (American cheese, house-made hot mustard, mayo, shredded lettuce and kettle-cooked chips) and a collard green melt (Swiss, tangy coleslaw on Rye).
We went last week and got the fried bologna, wedge salad and ham sandwich:
Fried Bologna: Actually pretty good. Chips made for an excellent crunch, mustard tasted more like a good honey mustard sauce, would get again.
Wedge Salad: Fairly good, as well. House-made blue cheese was fresh and light, did not overpower the lettuce. Poppy seeds made for a delightful texture.
Ham Sandwich: BIGGEST disappointment. The ham had literally no flavor, especially for being claimed to have been smoked for ten hours. The cranberry sauce was, like they said, from a can. The bread was basically Jimmy John's. I thought it was a decent sandwich, but would not get again especially for that price.
They did have a number of other options (deviled eggs, fried chicken skins, turkey pot pie, etc.) and their Instagram conveys that they often have specials, like Pasta Mondays, which actually all looked good. Thus the reason we decided to try it along with the national recognition.
My gripe is not so much with the restaurant itself, but with the reviews and recognition is is getting. The ONLY reason I can think that this place is getting so much attention is the story of its owner, his childhood inspiration for the style of food, and the trendy, hip atmosphere of the restaurant. For a restaurant to be called BEST IN THE COUNTRY, especially one in NEW ORLEANS, it should have EXCITINGLY good food, something that interests and surprises people. It should have little to do with the atmosphere or story (some, but little) and almost everything to do with the actual food.
It's great that this place is getting attention coming to a part of New Orleans not typically visited. It's wonderful for the owner to have started something with his own creative inspirations and be commended for it. I've never had a fried bologna sandwich, and I'm glad I had it.
But BEST NEW RESTAURANT IN THE GODDAMN COUNTRY I THINK NOT.Make sure you get here early for lunch.  There has been a line the two times i have gone.  The fried balogne sandwich is great.  The deviled eggs are good but not worth the price they charge for 3 half eggs.I would highly recommend the collard green melt.  The spicy slow-cooked collards, and pickled cherry, pepper dressing contrast beautifully with the creamy, crunchy cole slaw.  The swiss cheese complements both wonderfully.  The sandwich which doesn't sound as though it should work, is much more than the sum of its parts.
Although busy at 11:30 am on a Saturday, the line to order moved quickly and the food arrived promptly.Dude,
I've (foolishly) passed this place so many times without even giving it a thought. I've heard great things, but at the time, the limited menu wasn't something I was quite ready for. Sometimes though, a plethora of options can hinder the experience. Smaller menus can mean much more love and attention is being put into dishes and let that be your mantra going in here. 
Driving past, yet again I said 'phucket' and pulled the Euie (sound it out) right back on Jackson Ave to nestle my car right in front of the building. Upon my entrance I was rushed with beautiful aromas of meats and seasonings I felt like I could taste the air and leave satisfied. The place is quaint but ample seating both in and outside. No table service so don't expect someone to greet you at a table, you must order at the register and your food will be brought out to you. 
I sat at the bar and waited for my food over a damn good Pimm's cup, also worth noting the playlist of music going on was on point. I ordered the Meatloaf sandwich and slap my dead ancestors that thing was amazing! Definitely a hearty serving and a sloppy sandwich by the time it's all said n done but only the worthy are triumphant. The aroma from that sandwich lingered on my fingers for most of the day, the gift that kept on giving, reminding me not to take that awesome little red brick building for granted. 
I haven't fact-checked this but I heard the guy (or one of the guys) over T&TW was once at Coquette, another place I've been meaning to visit since seeing Action Bronson's visit to New Orleans on F*ck, That's Delicious! I'll be back here until I try everything on the menu and thrice more. 
Treat yourself to what you deserve, great job, y'all!Wow. I just had a collard green melt that ruined my shirt and rocked my world. It's a double decker sandwich, with sautéed collard greens on one side, slaw on the other, and melts cheese and delicious flavor bomb juices throughout. Suggestion: don't come here in your nice clothes on a first date. But maybe the second.I was super excited to visit this restaurant when visiting NOLA because the owner is actually a Charlottesville, VA local (where I go to school). He was inspired by a sandwich shop back here in C-ville and decided to open up his own place in NOLA, taking what he knew from his childhood. 
I ordered the fried bologna sandwich and it was honestly one of the best sandwiches I have ever had in my life. It definitely looks intimidating upon arrival: fried bologna, chips, thick sauce, lettuce, and melted cheese, all between two pieces of Texas toast. It ends up stacking very high so you have to take a really big bite. This sandwich truly is the best possible combination of salty, sweet, and savory with texture. The fried bologna is salty and has a crispy crust along with the crunch sweet and salty chips and the tanginess of the mustard sauce. The Texas toast is soft enough for you to sink your teeth into and the combination is just not something I could ever think would be possible. My friends also ordered the lamb neck roti which was super flavorful and cooling with yogurt. Someone else ordered the pot pies and claimed they were the best they've ever had.Everything was perfect! Food was so flavorful, decor cute, and staff was pleasant. I'll be back and I'm telling others already!Collared Green Melt is an absolute must!!!
Get there before 11 if you don't want to wait too long.Came here around 12:15pm on a Wednesday and still plenty of tables and no wait to order.  We split the ya sandwich and the heirloom tomato sandwich (I believe only a temporary selection).  The tomato sandwich made with tomatoes (obviously), sunflower seeds, dill, basil, mayonnaise.  I was initially skeptical about the sunflowers but immediately took that back once I tried the sandwich.  Soooo tasty!!! The ham sandwich had cranberry sauce, mayo, dill, cheddar cheese. It was good! But quite frankly shadowed by the tomato sandwich.  Both were slightly messy to eat (ham more than tomato) which I guess is what you would expect.I've been here twice and thus far I've been impressed. The line at the counter moves quickly and service is friendly. Food is delivered very quickly. The place has a lot of charm and quirk. The first visit I had the sweet potato sandwich. The flavors were unexpected and lovely together. It was rich and hearty, not something I'm used to on a vegetarian sandwich. 
The second visit I ordered the crab boil. The flavors were lovely together but the portion was a bit small and the price a bit high for mostly potato, not so much crab.
I would like to see them roll out some basic side options: chips, fries, a simple side salad. Something. The sandwiches are great but don't quite make a meal and the appetizers are a bit much both portion and price wise. 
I'm excited to see this place grow into itself. Overall, a nice start.What an awesome food place! I had the fried bologna sandwich and it was so good! My fiance had the collard greens melt and that was also delicious - kinda tasted like a vegetarian Ruben sandwich. We took ours to-go but while waiting we saw some other orders come up that looked amazing. Mostly the salads. The presentation makes it look so delicious. I'm definitely trying a salad next time I go.YUM!! This place is soo tasty. Never underestimate the power of a delicious sandwich--this place is a powerhouse of flavor. It's a haven for carnivores but even the veggie option was seriously delicious. Now I have a new top pick to show off for friends and family in town. Completely satisfying.After seeing Bon Appetit named this place the best restaurant of 2017, I had to make a visit. We went at around 2pm on a Monday, so the line was minimal, but every table inside was full. Of course the fried bologna sandwich was on my mind and it definitely met the hype! The chips on the sandwich took it from good to great. I'll also be dreaming about the deviled eggs for a long time. The one downfall was the cabbage salad - I didn't order it, but my friends said it was way overdressed and appeared kind of mushy and gross. I honestly thought it was noodles, not cabbage. So if you're looking for a healthy option, I would go somewhere else. Otherwise, get a sandwich and deviled eggs and enjoy!This place is crazy good!  I wish I would have had an other day in New Orleans to try more of their creations.  We had the wedge, Italian American and the Collard Green melt which were all amazing.   As I watched everything come out of the kitchen I wish we would have had more people with us so we could try the deviled eggs, the spicy chicken salad and the lamb neck roti. Next time...Worth the wait...Just go!Wow. Wow wow wow wow wow.  Eat the chicken fried steak sandwich. Eat the cabbage salad. Repeat. Wash down with an old fashioned. Repeat. Die happy.This place his a hidden gem. Got their lamb meatball special...that sandwich was good AF! The cabbage salad tasted so fresh and was unique to any other salad I've ever had. Def recommend trying this place out.One of the best sandwich shops I have ever been!!! The deviled eggs were delicious and the fried bologna sandwich was beautiful!!! Even the cocktails were great!!!!We went for dinner and I had a cocktail. I ordered "Dave's punch" I belive it was named. Bourbon, lemon and bitters. It was lemony, thats for sure. 
For our meals we had the chicken fried steak sandwich and a double order of the hogshead cheese tacos.
The tacos were greasy (to be expected of hogshead cheese) and difficult to pick up and eat. I decided to just give in and make a mess and the combination of flavors was amazing. The crispy tortilla strips and jalapenos balance out with the coleslaw and salty meat. I usually love to add hot sauce to anything I can get away with, but these worked well and had great seasoning as is.
The chicken fried steak was Huge. Thick and large bread slices with a large portion of the streak. It was as it is described on their menu. Again the toppings were very well done.
The order and set up was plain enough and overall I would go back and try something a little more adventourous.Who would've thought looking back at the building and all it's blight and other incantations so long ago that literally Heaven would open a mystical portal there. Everyone and everything involved with Turkey and the Wolf kick ass. nomdotcomSimply AMAZING. like you absolutely have to eat here every time you are in NO. Had the curried lamb (amazing flavour, a bit too greasy but so worth it), collard green melt (fantastic), fried bologna sandwich (loved), American Italian sandwich (really good but average compared to the others) and cabbage salad (off the chain amazing).  Great drinks, friendly staff, Highly recommend!!Holy crap this place is amazing! I went to lunch with husband and two teenage kids. We had the bologna, collard greens, fried pot pie and deviled eggs. Everything was Amazeballs!!! Seriously my chicken nugget son LOVED the pot pie!! Thank you for a great meal with great service!Yummy sandwiches! We came later in the afternoon on a VERY cold day, so there wasn't really a line... win! We ordered the bologna and the lamb. My boyfriend loved the bologna, but sadly I did not. The lamb, on the other hand, was AMAZING. We both agreed that was the star of the show. 
For dessert, we ordered the soft serve with key lime pie chunks. It was delicious! 
I would come back for sure if there was no line, but with a long line like I've seen in some photos, I'm just not sure it would be worth it to me.This was one of the highlights of our week in New Orleans. We came at the recommendation of a friend of a friend. We were not disappointed! The staff was friendly. The food was excellent! New twists on classic Southern dishes. The collard green melt was fantastic. Give it a try! We also had the deviled eggs. Another wonderful taste sensation. Do not deconstruct the eggs. Make sure you get the fried chicken skin in your mouth at the same time as the egg. The fried bologna sandwich was also very good. I'll be sure to return on my next visit to NOLA.The fried bologna sandwich is the thing to get here. Ingredients are so simple but yet it's the best sandwich I have ever eaten. Went on a Thursday around 11, not crazy busy. Food came out relatively quick. It has a very funky retro vibe with the decor and it's very unique. Highly recommend you venture outside the French quarter for this gem.Went there on a Sunday and have to say the food was very good.  We had the fried baloney sandwich and the ham sandwich both were very good with the baloney taking the top spot.   They have a limited menu and a bar.  We also got the deviled eggs with fried chicken skin and hot sauce.  They were also very good but think needed a touch more mustard.The menu is pretty sparse; there were more items with American cheese than vegetarian options. So if the plasticy yellow stuff is your idea of a signature ingredient, you might like this place? I had the tacos, which had great flavor so it was frustrating that American cheese was included. The wedge salad was pretty, drowned in dressing, and very tasty. Less than a handful of beer and wine choices, so I chose a cocktail. The gumbo no-no was watery, not a good match for the intense flavors of the meal. It would take some hearty convincing, and someone else paying, for me to go back.Yes. It's that good. Get the bologna sammich...get the collard melt...get anything! GO NOW!!!Before our trip to New Orleans, we read that Turkey & the Wolf has been named #1 best new restaurant in the country. Maybe our expectations were too high, but it wasn't the best meal we had during our visit. However, the food was delicious and they have a cool vibe.Stupid good. Collard green sandwich was rich and wonderful. Bologna sandwich made me reconsider bologna. Deviled eggs were a must have.After eating for the first time at Turkey and the Wolf, I'm unsure about why there's so much hype.
I enjoyed my cocktail, the price point, and the atmosphere.  It seemed to be a place where industry people gather which is a really good sign.  I really wanted get it.
I ate the Italian American - the bread was dense, cold, and nothing special.  I found the cream cheese overpowering and unnecessary.
I also ate the Tacos Inauthenticos - the tortillas were excellent and seemingly made in house.  Unless you read the description on the menu, the head cheese could have been braised beef or chicken and I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference. The American cheese ruined them (I love American cheese).Absolutely delicious.  Tried the collard greens sandwich, pot pie, fried bologna sandwich, and the ham sandwich - all were terrific.  Also had a few soft-serve dishes, the key lime crunk chunks were awesome and the magic shell with potato sticks... well, that was awesome too.  Totally loved up to the hype.I had the head cheese sandwich and it was pretty good.  But for 11 dollars and no side I expect much more.  It's on regular white bread and there wasn't much on it, loaded with cucumbers and lettuce.  This is on Jackson Ave surrounded by low income housing.  They are definitely not going to attract many locals.  The place is very nice and as I said the food is tasty and different. If you're willing to pay 11 dollars for a little sandwich this is your place.  Hipster paradise.We showed up 17 mins after they opened and there was a line out the door, we waited about a half hour to order. But wow the food was amazing. Fried bologna, collard greens melt, deviled eggs, chicken pot pie, so damn good. The hype is real.First time to New Orleans and walked down the street to a little hole in the wall place. Don't let the looks fool you. It was fantastic. The Italian sandwich was amazing and my wife's ham sandwich was great too. Even tried there deviled eggs with fried crackling on it. Really tasty. I defintely recommend this place for a quick bite to eat.We headed over to this place because of Food & Wine's recommendation, and they weren't wrong! This place is funky and eclectic in a little out of the way spot in the Garden District. The menu is limited, as is seating in the very loud dining room, but there's seating outside under the umbrellas. The cocktails were creative and tasted great. We had the deviled eggs, the "wedge salad", and the lamb roti. The wedge salad was smothered and drenched... wow it could hardly be called a salad and was maybe a little much for one person. Still, I enjoyed it. Best thing aside from the awesome drinks was the lamb roti, which was spectacular.Really trendy lunch spot away from the CBD which I learned means central business district. The deviled eggs are dope, creamy, and the fried chicken skin adds some crunch and texture. The tacos seem small but with jalapeños and the cream, one was enough and two is basically a full meal! And don't sleep on the drinks, Brett can start you off with whiskey or rum and set your day. Sure, it's a hike if you're just in town to drink and party, but let's all agree to be adults and pause your day for some food and atmosphere that the city is known for.Absolutely great place.  Fantastic food. Always a line, but worth it.  Not pricey.  Funky place. Highly recommended.  This is an only-in-New Orleans place.i don't know what to say.  I guess I will say this...can you please offer a turkey sandwich?   i love turkey sandwiches.   I love good turkey, I love the variations.  Sprouts, no sprouts, Swiss or provolone, mayo, or olive sale and pepperoni...avacado...whatevs.  just please serve a turkey sandwich one time.
when you first opened i was pumped thinking it had to have some lovely turkey sandwiches but alas none....thats bologna!  pun intended.  serve one up!  it's part of your name dammit.  now give us a turkey sandwich that will have us salivating for more!  please!  don't be a chicken!  serve us a turkey or we shall see you are only a wolf in lamb neck roti clothing!Best sandwiches I've had in New Orleans. The Ham Sandwich was awesome and the chicken fried steak sandwich was bombbb. Can't wait to go again!A good vegetarian sandwich is hard to come by and the collard green melt certainly came through. Crispy outside with layers of flavors on the inside. Highly recommend.I had the carb boil roll while my sister has the chicken fried steak sandwich. Both were incredibly complex and flavorful, without being too stuffy. The building itself is great, casual and reminds me of my Portland home base. The staff were friendly and truly rounded out the experience.I have been meaning to check this place out. It's in my neighborhood,  right? 
Why not stop in? 
Why not check it out?
Why did it take so long? 
Well, things happened and a coincidental window appeared, and Turkey and The Wolf came to mind. 
Pulled up at 4p on a Thursday (6/2017).
Friendly staff, friendly customers,... the girl who would be my girlfriend kept asking about each plate that came out of the kitchen ("what's that"?) , and asking people what they were eating and how it tasted. Totally cute. She ordered a Sandwich special of the day, a Heirloom tomato salad sandwich.  I wanted to try a couple of the Happy Hour specials..
A Deviled Egg... which is: A Deviled egg, with fried chicken skin, fresh dill, our hot sauce. Presentation was classy, and actually kind of elegant. The flavor of the egg with dill was smooth, velvety and had a tartness of the dill with spice of a light mustard. A classic bite... But wait,  there's more... It had a deep fried piece of chicken skin on top. Light. Crunchy. Thin. Flavor. Delicious...wow!! And... ONE DOLLAR!
I also had A Real Good Taco, which is : hog's headcheese, jalapenos, shredded lettuce, sour cream, valentina, american cheese on migdalia's handmade corn tortillas. Not an authentic taco by any stretch, but Muy Sabor!!!!
..it has great bite, excellent heat, crunch, and a tasty finish. I wish they had used any cheese but American. Even a provolone or a spread of chive ricotta would be nice. Or offer a choice of cheese. And yes, THREE DOLLARS!!  AWESOME!! 
I ordered A meatloaf sandwich. Meatloaf, gravy mayo, pepper jelly, shrettuce, white onion, sesame seeds, melty american, dill pickles on white. VERY TASTY! Was a bit wet, though. Even with the Texas toast. The mayo and jelly heated up and kind of liquefied, and dripped out. Maybe something to get on the side. The meat size could be a BIT bigger, because of all the flavor going on from other ingredients.  But overall, I loved the flavor of it.
The girl who would be my girlfriend had the Heirloom tomato salad sandwich.  I had a bite and it was sweet, and herbacious, and  the right amount of wet, juicy, flavorful, fresh tomato to bread ratio.
I'm glad I live close. I will be grazing THIS menu.Absolutely delicious. Inside plays great music. I had the Lamb Roti and it was absolutely to die for.Yummmm!  Stoner food meets farm to table is the best way to describe the menu.  Fresh and delicious with a twisted side of "oh no you didn't." The menu is small but that speaks to the quality of ingredients and doing everything well, at the same time keeping things fresh.  The bar is affordable ranging from staples to imaginary.  We had the deviled eggs, wedge salad, and tacos (they pack a punch of heat)...all off the chain.  This place is dog friendly, if you have your fur baby with you offering patio seating.  They also have a small parking lot and street parking is abundant.  The staff were friendly, fun and accommodating but not too weird where you didn't trust them to make your food.   This place is a keeper.Enjoyed everything we had here - if not in the mood for a sandwich, we tried the tacos which were excellent. Also had the tomato sandwich and deviled eggs. Will definitely come back to! Happy hour menu is great and creative cocktail list.Wonderful! Best wedge salad, lamb roti is a knock out, meatloaf, collards, everything is scrumptious!!Great spot for lunch that is New southern. Who can say no to cracklings! The bar has a wonderful selection of unknown liquor and local brews. Must try!We had just read Bon Appetit's review awarding this little sandwich shop The Best Resturant in the US for 2017, we arrived at what looked like an old market or gas station, the line was out the door. The menu was short but lots of interesting items like Lamb neck sandwich, so we ordered a variety of food like the Fried Baloney sandwich, fried chicken pot pie, wedge (half a head) salad, Kale and cheese sandwich and the deviled eggs with chicken skin. Wow its was all excellent, sandwiches are huge.environment
it's purposefully kitschy. it straddles the line between trying too hard and... nah, it's trying pretty hard (lol), but with bologna that good, who cares?
wedge salad
it was delicious, but it wears you down. when you run out of the bacon, "that chunky blue cheese dressing", or "everything bagel crunchy stuff", just give up.
ham
i'm not a big fan of cranberry, but it's not a big deal. the sandwich is super sloppy and the cranberry gets absorbed into the very nice herb mayo anyways. the bread has a "my favorite bodega hero" quality to it. the ham is the star. wait, no... the mayo is definitely the star. it's a lot of mayo.
fried bologna
i've always liked bologna. it's good in sandwiches and in lunchables. this sandwich is just awesome. i wouldn't recommend eating the chips on their own because they were excessively salty. within the confines of the sandwich, the chips were excessively dope. i bought a hat to commemorate my time with this sandwich.
****
i don't know if it's "best new restaurant in america" material, but turkey and the wolf makes great sandwiches. if you're tired of po' boys, hop on down.We had a great lunch on the patio. Ordered the ham sandwich which reminded me of Thanksgiving and Christmas. My husband ordered the fried bolonga sandwich, both were deliciousYou can't miss this place, as it has a gorgeous, colorful mural on the side of the wall. The interior is pretty small, probably wouldn't be great for a big group. My date and I sat at the small bar counter, where we got a good view of the cooks in the kitchen and the bartender making drinks.
He ordered the Fried Bologna sandwich and I got the Wedge salad. GET THE WEDGE SALAD. just do it. I'm not even a huge wedge salad fan, but this thing was soooo dankkk. I don't think I could even classify it as somewhat healthy, but who cares. And a bonus, it's such a generous portion that you can take the other half home for a midnight snack. 
I like how they give you the weird plastic animals as table markers, and their cocktail list made me chuckle. I ordered the special cocktail of the day, something with Thai basil in it. Very unique and delicious-unlike anything I've tasted before.
The vibe is chill and laid back, the food is excellent. I will be back ASAP to try more of the menu.We came in with no expectations and left feeling like we hit the jackpot. Its a simple counter service kinda place but the food is beyond!! This is the kind of place that will keep the "new" in New Orleans alive! Keep up the good work.You MUST get a Wedge salad for the table. I got the ham sandwich but had food envy for my friend's fried bologna sandwich. The vibe of this place is . Will 100% come back new time I visit!Mind blowing flavor! Best gumbo I've had next to Grandma's, love how it is served with collard greens.  When in Nola, I have to stop here everytime.The food is good, the vibe is good, but the collard green melt is to die for!! Take a bite and TRY not to smile. If you're in Nola check this place out, you won't be disappointed.Yes folks it's that good! This restaurant is just as good as you have been reading in the media.
  I was expecting to eat good food. What I ate was exceptional.
I know it's a sandwich shop. But it's NOT!  Turkey and the Wolf is so much more than sandwiches.
Fried bologna sandwich super flavorful. LOTS of crunch. Collard greens sandwich just melted in my mouth.  Bread on both sandwiches were perfectly toasted.  GOOD bread...hearty and thick. 
Tacos were full of juicy meat, lots of cruncy things and creamy cheese in a homemade soft taco shell. Even the soft serve ice cream with the magic shell was wonderfully creamy.
This place is super busy but the staff, all while hustling were friendly and helpful. 
Sadly our travel plans don't allow us to return for a second lunch. Because as we were devouring our own lunch, we were greedily eyeing the meals of those who sat close by.  The wedge salad looked out of this world and there is some sorta lamb dish that smelled devine.
If I lived in New Orleans I'd be a regular! Thanks for a memorable lunch Turkey and the Wolf folks!With much hope yet skepticism we visited this restaurant to see if indeed a basic sandwich shop, order at the counter type establishment, could rate as one of the best restaurants in the country...
Guess what, it came through!
I came in a group of three and we all ordered differently and tried each other's choice (well worth considering).
One had the fried bologna and potato chips (chips ON the sandwich), the collard greens melt,  and the lamb neck roti. We also shared the deviled eggs (OMG not to be missed, albeit  just 3, which worked for us).
The place is basic, kind of eclectic, fun, colorful; yet a sandwich shop through and through.
OK, the sandwiches were creative and equally awesome. Once you try another type you want to sample more and more and MORE.
The hype is real.
The quality is top notch
The inventiveness inspiring
It makes you want to run home, pull out some good bread and get very creative.
Service was efficient, friendly, and casually fun.
A must go in NOLA.Lives up to the hype! The collard greens melt was delicious. While crowded and informal, the atmosphere is still good and the service is really strong. We will be back!Worth the walk from downtown. Delicious! The lamb roti-something was amazing. My mufaletta-like sammie was good but the lamb was dream-worthy.The Wolf was so sweet, but the turkey was perfectly well behaved. 
WTF am i going to say about this place that hasn't been said before? NOTHING. Except..... They touched me inappropriately. Right in the feels....Finally had lunch here on Saturday. About 1:45pm there was a line, looked at the short menu and thought it wouldn't be worth the wait.  
We ended up staying and the line was far quicker than expected.   You order from the counter, wait for a table and then get served. 
Johnny had the fried bologna sandwich.  It was really good. The chips were the best item on the plate.  The bread was great.  
I didn't feel adventurous so I had the wedge salad.  It looked beautiful coming out.  Tasty and I liked the "everything seeds" but the salad was drowning in its dressing.  I'll add a before and after pic.  Disappointing. 
Pricing was good.  Good iced tea.  Go to the bar for refills.  
We may go back once more to try something else but don't imagine we'll return.   Maybe when friends come from out of town.This place is great. We live nearby and have tried a few things on the menu and everything has been fantastic. Menu isn't very big but what they do they do well. My personal favorites are the sweet potato salad, chicken fried steak sandwich and the collared green melt. But you can't go wrong with the wedge salad, ham sandwich or fried bologna (which is spicy). The tacos were tasty too. Can't wait to eat here again. Keep up the great job.Heard about this sandwich shop on Feed Phil on Amazon. It was amazing. Creative sandwiches and PBRs for $3. YumGot that fried steak sandwich. 
Shit was p good.Awesome trendy cafe. Picked it after an hour of indecision and a sketchy looking cafe, found it after driving around randomly the lower garden district. Amazing (but messy) food and an incredibly nice and friendly staff. Ordered the 'Tacos Inauthenticos', 10/10 would eat again. Everything was amazing and came with a kick, vegetarian options included.Fantastic. We had the cabbage salad and collard green melt, which are two of the best things I've eaten in NOLA. Great area for grabbing lunch and admiring some old money too.The reviews for Turkey and the Wolf are outstanding, so I was so excited to eat lunch here! There were certainly some wonderful elements. But there were many only average ones as well. The wedge salad is amazing- the best I have ever eaten. Every bite was bursting with flavor and texture. The deviled eggs were also delicious- spicy, creamy, some crunch. 
The sandwiches were where things didn't measure up. My husband and I shared the meatloaf sandwich and the Italian sandwich. The meatloaf sandwich had tons of bread with not enough meat. The meat was over cooked, and there was so much sauce on the sandwich that it overpowered the taste of everything else. I eventually just ate he meatloaf and left the bread and sauce aside, to get the best bite. The Italian sandwich had too much olive oil and cream cheese spread- you couldn't taste the meat when everything was eaten together. Just as I did with the first sandwich, I took the meat off of the sandwich and ate it with the sweet and spicy banana peppers. I think maybe a little more restraint so that the ingredients are all balanced/you can taste everything would make a big difference.So good to find a restaurant , solid, with clarity of mind.
Innovative but with purpose.
At the same time has class and friendliness
I like itThere was a really reeeeaaalllllly long line out front for brunch but it moved surprisingly fast! We only waited maybe 30-40 minutes to get seated. Once seated some of us split a couple burgers and we were so glad because they are HUGE! There is no coffee here unfortunately.Don't let the hype scare you off...the place delivers quality food at a reasonable price. I like that the menu changes now and again and the specials are always pretty good. ALWAYS order the deviled eggs...and a taco inauthentico...and some more stuff. If they have the lamb on roti, go for it. So refreshing and delicious. Same for the Wendy's fried chicken salad. The collard melt rivals Cochon Butcher...and comes out on top.I have legitimately dreamed about the cabbage salad several times. Yelp is telling me that I have to write more for this to be counted as a review but that's all I really wanted to say.Fast and excellent! You order at a counter (or the bar) and have a seat in a super cool and chill atmosphere. The staff is super friendly and the food is really good (a super version of your homemade pot pie or ham sandwich). I would definitely recommend this place!Whoever decided to stick fried chicken skins on a deviled egg and dribble hot sauce on top is a genius. That's all I have to say.Decided to come after hearing all the great reviews and seeing it featured in magazines. Did not disappoint! The Ham sandwich is delicious, it has a fun atmosphere and the staff is friendly. Unfortunately my mother has a severe but allergy and could only get one thing off the menu and the staff was very accommodating.This place lives up to the hype. We had the ham and the bologna sandwiches which were both awesome. Who thought a bologna sandwich could be so good? We rolled in a little before 2 pm on a Wednesday. The line was short and there were plenty of tables available. We also loved the old school McDonald's plates. 
There's also a patio with tables for those looking for an outdoor experience.Ummm..... yes!!! Unique, DELICIOUS, adorable atmosphere, friendly staff. We had the meatloaf sandwich and the wedge salad.... both truly amazing.  We will definitely be back. Again and Again.Yummy stuff, I love their modern take on comfort food. I had the meatloaf sandwich, the combination of textures (crunchy lettuce, pickle; soft bread) and flavors (tart pickle, rich meat, tangy sauce) made my mouth very happy. The deviled eggs with fried chicken skins were the perfect appetizer and made me feel like I was at a country picnic. 
The only thing I didn't really care for was the tacos inauthentico. The corn tortilla was so strongly flavored and it was soggy, it overpowered the taste of the rest of ingredients so much that I couldn't even identify the other flavors. I think I would prefer it on a flour tortilla, or at least a crispy corn tortilla. 
Someone at the table next to us and had the wedge salad, it looked amazing. Can't wait to go back and try it.
Great lunch spot and not too far from my office, so I'll be back.Never thought after a week in NOLA I'd come home and say "the best thing I ate was a bologna sandwich" but it was.. best deviled eggs I've ever had also. Plus the guy that sat next to me designed the logo for the restaurant and he gave me a bite of his collard melt! I made it at home since Bon appetite put the recipe out and it tasted the same! Keep up the good work! P.S. I never use yelp cause I'm a cook and most of us hate this thing, but that's how fucking good this food was. Bought a hat from them and haven't taken it off yet.. not at the dinner table, not in the shower, not in my sleep.Kudos for doing something different! In a world of bland sandwiches, Turkey and the Wolf truly sticks out with flavor profiles that you wouldn't otherwise find, think of, or imagine would taste good together, but somehow they kill it. Amazing and welcoming staff, chill vibes, fun and funky environment, nice patio with umbrella'd tables. Slightly out of the way, but in a neighborhood that will see a lot of growth coming up - worth a stop in and walk/drive around! A bit steep in price for the area, but respectably so, as they are being creative, using the whole animal, and not afraid to combine elements, spices, and new techniques. Would return - keep it up!What a quirky place! Fun atmosphere and eclectic food. We had the cabbage salad, deviled eggs, and tacos. The tacos were reminiscent of jack in the box tacos but done up very well! The salad and eggs were really good and flavorful. On a side note, the wedge salad looked intimidating and harder to eat. Two of the three ladies in our group had a tough time eating much of it. However, large portions and fun food! Recommended to the non traditionalists!Goooooodaaamn!!! This place was CRAZY GOOD. With a limited menu, my friends and I went IN. 
I had the fried chicken pot pie. My friends all had a different item off the menu, the lamb sandwich standing out the most. They also have a bar here which I could see contemplating these greasy sandwiches perfectly. 
I'll be back to try more items.While I'd heard amazing things from my meat-loving friends, I was a little worried about going to Turkey and the Wolf as a vegetarian. I wish I hadn't waited. The collard green melt is probably the best sandwich I've ever had. It's actually incredible. And the environment is great. If you haven't been, stop reading this and go right now.It lives up to the hype... Do I really need to say more? I had the fried bologna sandwich (of course). Amazing. I didn't think I would like it, especially with the potato chips and deep fried bologna ... But I loved it. [I didn't care much for the deviled eggs, but I have never been a fan of deviled eggs. I only tried them because my friend really wanted to split them as an appetizer.]  I can't wait to come back and try the collard greens grilled cheese... && I am very excited to try Molly's when it opens up... Also: where did y'all get those vintage McDonalds plates... I would replace my dining set at home with those if I knew where to find them... LolSo my husband has been completely obsessed with this place on instagram for about a year. So when we got the chance to travel to New Orleans this was high on our list of places to eat! He went there twice he like it so much! When we went there with the group we ordered one of everything and it was all very good!!! Definitely recommend this place and it's in a great area.