We arrived in New Orleans quite late at night and were excited to start trying the local cuisine. But it was 2am. Plenty of bars were open but no restaurants. We tried Coop first but its kitchen had closed. So we went a couple doors down to Turtle Bay. Their gumbo definitely hit the spot. It was very flavorful, a bit on the salty side, but went well with the huge piece of garlic bread that came with each cup of soup. Sweet potato fries came with powdered sugar. And buffalo wings were perfect! They weren't overly fried and were still tender inside. Love this place!We had a great eating experience at T B ,the waitress was very accomdating & helpful to explain choices on menu, gave suggestions of Best Selling Dishes. THE 3 CHEESE & THE BLUE CHEESE BURGERS WERE AWESOME!  ALSO TASTED THE BUFFALO CHICKEN SALAD W/ DRESSING (given a large portion,enough to share,well worth the price &  giving a try!) TRIED cup of Gumbo too served with a fresh piece of buttered Frenchbread. A very pleasant lunch & not over priced. *only issue was LOUD Music,hard to dine with light conversation *NOTE:. THE Gumbo did have a Vinegar to Sour Taste upon 1st taste, infomed waitress and they did NOT charge us for it--in fact told the cooks in the Kitchen as they appreciated the issue! Overall a GREAT place to checkout! Rate 4 stars, you will be pleased!
FOOTNOTE: ** SPIRITS  Restaurant is also the " Sister" Establishment of TB, located  @ 615 Bourbon St, heart of FQ. SIMILAR MENUSo much beer! The bartender is so nice and was very patient with us.... letting us sample several before we finally chose a few to try. 
This is a classic NOLA dive with dogs running around and regular locals. 
It's in such a good location too right on the other side of the French Market. I can't wait to recommend this to visitors. =)I was just in New Orleans for Mardi Gras and stopped here for some crawfish. It was the worst crawfish I have ever tasted. They tasted like they had been frozen. They were soft, half of them were broken, they tasted like they were old. The service was just as bad. The server never stopped by to even fill our waters or ask how things were. I was so disappointed and disgusted for stopping here to get the taste of authentic New Orleans crawfish. If you are in New Orleans for a visit or live there, do yourself a favor and take your business elsewhere, it was a terrible experience eating here.24 hour spot!  Nachos were amazing. We had to order a second order. The guy waiter was super friendly.One of my friends loves this place so we went and the way he raved about it, I just knew it was going to be the best food ever.  We tried the bbq pizza which was too sweet. It was almost like honey was on it.  The dough was really crispy also.  I wasn't a fan.  I tried some of his gumbo also but didn't like that either...it tasted dull.  We ordered delivery another time and it was slightly better.  We had the meatlovers which was slightly better.  He ordered the same nasty gumbo which was still nasty when I tried it.  We also tried the wings.  The wings were the best part but still not great. The wings saved the day for this review not being 1 star.Does Everyone in nola give 4 or more stars to every place?? People must be nice here. Third time I get suckered into going somewhere based on rating and I'm not even picky. These place blows pizza looks like garbage would have preferred dominos.Great pizza, AWESOME creamy potato skins, good salad.  Nice atmosphere, ok bathrooms.  Had a blast here.  (we came here because Coop's was packed).Nice post-goth spot on Decatur.  Stop in while on the way to Molly's, have a drink.  If you don;t like what you see, you can find the door rather easily.Wonderful experience!  Hubby and I went just as a reaction to all of the positive feedback on the pizza, and they are SO right!  Excellent pizza and the frozen margaritas were terrific as well.  Steve and PJ, the bartenders were very attentive and went out of their way to make sure everything was great.  Will recommend and will go again!I absolutely love this place,  the food is soo delicious.  The pizzas are the best I've ordered like 5 in 1 week. The prices are resonable.  The staff is pretty cool.Delicious burgers cooked to perfection! Great beer selection. Our bartender (Eric) was the man! Super chill, took great care of us, and played some great 90's music. This place was exactly what we needed after a long night of dancing and drinking!I have to admit, I was expecting the more commercialized 'Spirits' experience on Bourbon Street since it is the same company. This place had a more local vibe. Lots of locals who were friendly and happy to welcome us to their 'clubhouse' as they put it. Our bartender Rachel was attentive, friendly and handled the crowd professionally while engaging every customer and keeping the drinks coming...fast. Decent selection of bar food and pizzas. Great selection of local beer on tap, one of the best in the area. Prices were very affordable. Will definitely be back.Hands down our favorite spot in NOLA!!!! Kitchens open all night. The fried mushroom are amazing. I must've ate four baskets during our stay!! Excellent service...and the RESURRECTION, omg. The glass lights up and they're really REALLY good!!!The best. It's haunted as well!!!!!!Bar food done right!  The Cochon Po-Boy and Hawaiian pizza were excellent!  I couldn't have imagined that a honey drizzled pizza with a coconut dusted crust would taste so good.  Bartenders were welcoming, engaging, and funny.  I especially enjoyed Eric's scooter adventure!  Went there 4 out of my 5 days in New Orleans, was not once disappointed, and would definitely go back again.  Also liked the fact that beer samples from their many taps were available upon request.This is one of my favorite bars in NOLA. I am glad they did not redo this one, like they did Spirits, although the renovation at Spirits is very nice. I just love this divey bar with a beautiful courtyard. I have always had a good time here. The bartenders are friendly, the pizza is very good (and underappreciated), and the drinks are super strong. What else do you need? Love me some Turtle Bay, rock on!Great food. Decent service. Nice that it wasn't totally overrun with tourists. Nachos were great- guacamole was amazing. Drinks are strong. Glad we came here but wish our bill was $10 less.Stumbled upon this little gem late night in NOLA. Looks like a locals hole in the wall bar but don't be fooled. I highly recommend the steak, best steak I have had in a long time. Service was very friendly and polite. Take the time to seek out this spot and you won't be disappointed.Lets see, tried to order for the first time for delivery. I live in the French Quarter. Sat on hold listening to them work in the background for 5 minutes and gave up. Called and spoke with the manager. He did not even care. He called me a Jerk. Great way to treat a local. Word of mouth spreads.  Very rude.Right near the French Market and easy to walk to, Turtle Bay is a tiny little bar with a good number of BEERS on tap, and cozy indoor area, patio out back, a wonderful and friendly staff and AMAZING PIZZA. 
We went there, sat at the bar and sampled a variety of beer while talking to the bartender/owner.  She was extremely friendly.  Even the random people we met inside were nice and we chatted with them.
And the Pizza... INCREDIBLE.  They make it from their own homemade ingredients.  I was completely shocked when I got it, because I expected mediocre bar pizza - but it was outstanding.
If you are near the French quarter and in need of a drink - check out Turtle BayBest nachos I've ever had... This place rocks! A hidden gem that has great food and great service.pizza was great.  service good.  the back patio is a real jewel. I have spent a lot of time in New Orleans and  I really like this place.  Bob Hunter , Tucson ,AzGreat spot! Seems to be locals and a few out of towners looking for a bar just of the beaten path of the craziness of Bourbon St. Both lady bartenders greeted us with a warm smile and asked how we were doing. We honestly just stopped to grab food to go but she was so nice hung out for a beer. Local brew on tap and she recommended a good blend of a pecan and strawberry beer that was delicious!! Definitely worth wandering in to.Turtle Bay is one of the hidden gems in the French Quarter. Tonight is just a typical night at Turtle Bay. Josh and Rachel are keeping the beverages flowing, the steak was awesome and the jukebox is on fire.What a sad state that the bar has sunk so low
..been a patron for 15+ yrs as I used to Bartend next door.. order nachos no chili extra cheese .. the sent out nachos with non melted cheese on top 
I said can you melt my cheese ? The bartender said it's just a garnish .. I've had these nachos maybe 80/90 times over the last two yrs .. just menu my cheese .. don't argue with me and lie .. sadly like so many places lost that local feelingLook, if you're going to charge me $11something for nachos, the plate better be atleast 2 feet high and served with a shovel.  Don't bring me a fajita skillet with 15 chips and plastic forks.  While they were tasty, they definitely left me wanting more.
Amy, our server, was very friendly and fast.this review is based on a pizza delivery only. ordered two pizzas with three toppings each, ordering was easy, pizzas were on time, $40 plus tip. 3 stars on the pizza. Where can I get a great pizza in the quarter if I don't make it myself?I had the roasted garlic chicken pizza delivered to me in the quarter.  Delivery was quick and the delivery guy was polite and pleasant.  The pizza itself was about $20 for a large.  
In comparison to a similar pizza from Angeli's I thought that the chicken itself was better, it was more like a real grilled chicken breast cut up and placed onto the pizza (as opposed to Angeli's, which seemed more like a prepackaged type of chicken you'd get in bulk).  There wasn't much roasted garlic on the pizza, which was a bit of a disappointment.  The cheese was generic, nothing special there.  They did have some nice spices on the pizza though, lots of basil etc.  I agree with the poster below that the crust was the right thickness. 
Overall I'd say the pizza itself was average to above average.This is our go to place for late night food. Open 24 hours , I think. Plus they say they deliver.  
Pizza is really good !! They have a good 20 oz ribeye steak. 16.95. With a small potatoe skin and toast.  Wings,  Caesar Salad and artichoke dip, are all good as well. 
 I use to enjoy the nachos. But not so much now, as they have made them smaller, to fit on a fajita skillet. So they are hard to eat, and all the toppings are on top, so when you get down to the middle,  yep...out of toppings. 
It's a solid place, near market Square. Lots of locals, as it's far from Bourbon.Great wings and burgers. I've never been able to stop in for a drink because I order when I'm working, and I work at a bar.Best $10 steak in NOLA. Come late for the fun camaraderieFantastic place with a great vibe. Immense amount of beer on tap. I'd venture to say the best in NOLA. The boil is out of this world. If you are coming back or too Frenchman why get a dirty water dog when this place is right down the street. Yeah you right, Steve is doing it night after night.I do not understand why anyone would rate this place 5 starts.  Apparently some tourists in New Orleans think that this is some of the best pizza we have to offer.  Don't get me wrong, this place has its redeeming qualities, but it sure isn't the food or the atmosphere.
The 25 beers on tap is the only reason I like this place.  I enjoy beer on tap, its usually fresh and tasty.  Of the 25 options, several are local brews.  When I want to take a stroll through the quarter, I will often come here to grab a to go cup of Abita Purple Haze.  That said, as soon as the beer is in my hand and paid for, I am out.  
I have had the food here once, it wasn't terrible, but I would only eat here if there was absolutely no other option.  The bar is not attractive and there is no other redeeming quality that would make me want to spend time in this place.  I just don't understand why anyone would come here for anything other than a to go cup.Went late night to get some dinner and soak up some hurricanes.. literally the best steak dinner and a side of gumbo ever!! This probably was my favorite meal in Nawlings.. thanksTo look at this place you would never guess that it actually has really good food!  I stopped in here with a friend of mine because we were in the mood for hamburgers.  I got the 8oz dressed burger which came with a cheesy potato.  I ordered it medium, but it was closer to well done.  It was still really good and juicy.  I was surprised as I would never expect good food from a little dive such as this.
We didn't stay for longer than we had time to eat, but from the sports paraphernalia on the walls, I can tell that it's a good place to catch a game and hang out with friends.
I will definitely be going back here to hang out with friends and try some of the other food they have to offer.awesome bartender working the 2-10am shift! Mohawk, burley, amazing. Super friendly, honest, helpful and appreciative. He deserves a gold star!This may be totally the alcohol talking, but Turtle Bay's late night menu totally hits the spot!  It was 2am on Friday night and my friends popped in since it was on our way to our rented apartment.  The bartender welcomed our drunk asses and brought out our order of nachos and pizza pretty quick.  Surprisingly, the nachos and pizza were tastier and more gourmet than expected for bar food that late and we scarfed it down in minutes.We were in NOLA for a bachelor party last week and stayed two doors down from Turtle Bay, so it became our regular spot for the weekend. The service was amazing (Eric was the best bartender we could ask for), the prices were great, and the food was delicious!I love this bar.  Definitely a place that I come to hang out at a lot.  It has decent late-night fare, even if its not the best I've had in the neighborhood.  More importantly, Lee and Brad behind the bar always take great care of their customers, and make the bar an awesome place to start out or wind down the night. It probably doesn't deserve 5 stars, since its a pretty average bar on Decatur, but its my go-to bar, I love the staff and they mix great drinks.  The 5-stars stay.Eric was a really nice bartender! He even let me bum a smoke! He made sure our drinks were full and very friendly! I asked him what was in the Resurrection drink and he kindly told me. I would go back for sure!I don't know if we caught this place on an off night. Other places around were busy; this place was dead. There were maybe 5 other customers other than us. We sat at the bar to order food and drinks. It took about 15 min for the bartender to even come over to us because she was trying to deal with a guy who was refusing to pay for a takeout pizza because it looked so bad. She didn't really offer any solutions though, like offering to get the manager. I don't know what's worse - that she didn't offer to get the manager, or that she might have BEEN the manager! The guy finally ended up leaving because someone else in his party dragged him out. 
My husband asked about the specialty drink, and the bartender just shrugged her shoulders and said, "It's okay". With such a ringing endorsement, we figured we'd just stick with tap beer, which took 10 minutes to get to us, even though we were the only people at the bar. Another 10 minutes passed before the bartender came back to take our order. Or, should I say, my husband's order... she walked away before I had a chance to order food! The burger he ordered was mediocre; he didn't even finish it. I can't comment on food because I didn't get any. We couldn't get out of this place fast enough.Great anytime food, they always pick up always fast, and always have great qaulity! Staff is expectional! Would recommend to others!!!You get a perfectly cooked ribeye and a delicious cheese potato thing at 3am all for $17 bucks....what more could you want from a place?I love the wings here.
My friends and I headed to Decatur after the fireworks display on New Year's Eve and we found ourselves at Pravda. One of our friends said that we should go over to Turtle Bay and order some wings. And it was one of the best decisions in my life.
We came back to Turtle Bay after the Twelfth Night parade on Friday. Actually stayed and ordered food and drinks. We were a big group and we went back in the patio and it was perfect.Stopped at Turtle Bay during Happy Hour today for a drink. My husband found a great craft beer there and friendly bartender Kelly mixed me up a delicious drink based on a few questions about what I like. Great happy hour prices too.This was our first stop in French Quarter late at night and what a gem!!!!!!! Excellent service! Great atmosphere, excellent drinks. The food is really good here, but the wings were the best I've ever had!!!!!Hands down my favorite pizza EVER! This place has amazing food and the drinks are priced nicely. The spinach dip was SO good.... The bartender attending us could have been nicer but maybe he wasn't having the best day. The rest of the staff was friendly and informative. Overall, I would def recommend this place!I've been to this bar on a couple of trips to NOLA now, and I'll definitely go again. Cute back patio and lots of beers on tap. My sole complaint and the reason for the 4 star rating is the women's bathroom. Just disgusting. Blah.I had a birthday party here, and it was so much fun. The food was exceptionally good quality for bar food. The servers were very accommodating and friendly. Even if you want to watch a game I would recommend it! They have the best pizza in the French Quarter, and from what I've been told the best steak too. The cheeseburger pizza is to die for, so I would put that on the top of my list to try if you decide to visit!Favorite dive in the Lower Quarter. Great bartenders. Good drink prices. Really tasty burgers and wings. Love the buffalo chicken salad. We stop in weekly and find Turtle Bay consistently a good choice.We passed this place while walking around the quarter last week. My wife loves turtles and she said we had to try this place. We had delivery service to our hotel. We ordered wings and the hawaiian pizza. That was the best pizza I ever had, the coconut shavings and honey on the crust were fantastic. My wife said the wings were some of the best she had ever had as well. Delivery was within a reasonable amount of time and pricing was fair. Next time we are in town we want to go in to this place.Tell Corey to make you the fire ass drink. you won't regret it. that walk back to the hotel was something else! oh the food was bomb too but he was the highlight of the trip real nice fella.A great spot to hang - definitely grab that Hangover Breakfast Pizza. Superb start to the day. 
Eric the bartender is fantastic and he makes a mean Bloody Mary and hurricane. Love!From the outside driving by it looks like a dive bar. The pizza they make is awesome.Okay we visited the turtle bay twice on our visit in Nola the bar is like a hood bar nothing special about it. I ordered a Jim bean and soda. it was just beam and soda, no problem there. I ordered the BBQ bacon and Cheddar burger it was good as hell. 1/2 pound burger cooked well, juicy. It was on point. The 2nd night i ordered the cochon potato skins it was good my husband also ordered the combo pizza . nice crispy crust. Yes it may look like a dive bar but the service was great and also the food. So never judge a book by it's cover.Visited Turtle Bay on a recommendation from a waiter at another local restaurant. We were looking for a place with a variety of beer off-Bourbon Street. 
Turtle Bay is near the French Market and has that local bar feel. We had lunch on a Sunday, where they had 4 football games being played simultaneously. They have 25 beers on tap, including beer from all four of the local breweries. They have a limited menu, but the food was FANTASTIC! A simple burger hit the spot with a nice local ale. They also serve pizza, that looked phenomenal.
Would definitely recommend this place!What Is: 1 star
Sorry...had to change my rating.  New owner, new manager, new craptastic menu.  If you like the Bourbon St bars with the jalapeno poppers, non descript chicken fingers, overpriced drinks and indifferent bartenders...you'll love it!
What Was: 5 stars
**************************************************************************
I'm so sorry Turtle Bay that I waited so long to walk through your doors.
Yes, my friends, five stars.  It's not a fine dining experience or necessarily a destination spot.  Here's what it is:
PIzza.  Oh yes...yummy pizza.  The bartendress agreed with me...having both spent time in Connecticut, we knows our pizza!!  
The pizza is amazing and you can get a small or a large.  The crust is not so thin that it falls apart on first bite, and not so thick that it's a mouth full of bread.  It's a perfect crust, with a rocking red sauce and either standard or creative toppings depending on how you are feeling.  The mozzarella sticks rock and taste fresh, not frozen.  Oh, and the tiramisu.  It's homemade and the real deal...billowy mascarpone with amaretto/kahlua soaked lady fingers.  The joy!  The rapture!
The best thing (and what I love about New Orleans in general) is you would not expect this level of deliciousness in this kind of establishment which is more bar than restaurant.  Don't get me wrong, the place IMO is not divey with a very friendly vibe and nice mix of patrons.  The server was incredibly sweet and attentive without being in our face.  And the chef came out to deliver the food and checked in with everyone to make sure they were ok and enjoying themselves.
Hub and I discovered this place a few nights ago and we were already back last night.  In a food filled neighborhood, that's saying a lot!
j
ps beer on draft...and a nice selection too.  This is a very good thing!Was walking along Decatur Street around 11:30 pm looking for a place open to eat dinner. That's what happens when you fly in late and are still on CA time.  Came across this bar/restaurant and the menu looked good for a bar, they even had a ribeye steak dinner special for $17! Sold.  I sat and ordered a strawberry Abita beer, then happened to notice a sign for a Tues special -- filet mignon for $10.  Whaaat?  It was Tuesday (for another 20 min) and it was definitely a sign.
The filet was tender and grilled excellently.  It wasn't the best cut of beef I've ever had but it exceeded the cut of beef quality that I expected, and I was happy.  It comes with garlic bread and a side of creamy scalloped potatoes. Also looks like a fun place to go and drink with your friends.Known for 24 hour steaks, which my husband raved about (20 oz for $16, what?!), the pizza (veggies for me please) is also good. 
When there were long lines at other hot spots, we were able to walk right in here. Service was good, the hockey game on the tv. I'd say this place is a well kept secret.Sat in water on the wall bench. Due to A/C leaking? really?!? Let's fix that easy repair.  Guinness was flat. Restrooms have no doors, 2 stalls and you will be face to face with your neighbor. You can lock the door, so I guess for the sorority sisters, you will be able to go twosies at a time. they did offer free drinks on Saints game day until someone scores, which would have been amazing if we would have stayed. They were playing one game over the speakers, and everyone else had to follow along their game without captioning and having to listen to the other gam. Talk about multitasking exercise. My head was hurting trying to keep up to the game we were watching and hearing the other game. 
Other than that, it's a divey bar, in NOLA. Nothing to write home to momma.Love this place. 24 hour steak dinners are amazing. I eat take out from here so much that when I'm home and order, the delivery people get confused. I call in my order and they just know where I am. It's really a beautiful thing.This is a great local hangout spot to watch the games or just have a good time. Drinks are strong and come fast and the food is delicious! I recommend the wings (extra crunchy)! You will not be disappointed! They are probably some of the best I've ever had. Also, people rave about the steaks and pizza!We came in during a rainy Monday afternoon and there were only a few other people in the bar, but we needed a dry place that had drinks and this place fit the bill!  Both my friend and I ordered a drink off their drink menu...which happened to be served in Grenades.  It would have been nice if it was mentioned on the menu, it was not a major upset due to the fact that it was our first day in town.  The nachos were subpar, BUT they had the photo hunt which I hadn't played in years, so we spent a good couple hours playing that game!Wow! When we first walked in it was a really cool place. The Bartender/server only rolled her eyes, it's a party of 10 she really didn't want to accommodate us so she suggested the patio. We asked for a mohito and she said looking around do you think we make those here. When we ordered pizza she told us we didn't need forks, just her whole  snide comments through out our visit made you not come back. I hope the food is good, so far beers are good.The pizza might be "World Famous" but the service is desperately lacking!Split the 20oz ribeye and some cheese sticks. The cheese sticks are the same frozen sticks served everywhere, which is to say: delicious. The ribeye was awesome. I've paid way more money for way worse steak other places. This is a must-go for New Orleans on a budgetThey have really great pizza, and I'm from Chicago so that's saying something! I always make sure to stop here to grab a bite when visiting Nola. It's really affordable too! Not your typical french quarter tourist trap.Food was ok but waited forever to get it. There were only 2 other customers. Waitress/bartender was pleasant. Wouldnt make the walk/drive againA trendly litle bar in the qurter a good goth, punk, emo alt crowdThis place came recommended from a local to watch football. It didn't disappoint. The bartender was very accommodating and put my team's game on the tv I requested with volume. That alone would've been plenty. But the fact that they had 25 beers on tap as well as some of the best pizza these lips have ever touched really topped it off. Great experience. Great food and great service.Had a turtle drink and some crawfish in the backyard.... Doesn't get better than that... And the blonde bartender in the back is a knockout!Wow! This place deserves -5 stars for horrifying service. The male server on 3/27 at 6:30pm was the worst I've experienced in this town. Short tempered, offered zero input and had a serious, confrontational attitude problem. Too bad because the 16oz ribeye looked good. Dodge this place.This place sort of has a bad vibe walking in. The po boy isn't bad. The nachos are "okay" for a mid day snack. The server kept her distance and seemed almost afraid of us. Not very warm or Inviting to be honest and is average at best. We don't need to return.Was tired of poboys and found this gem.  Super packs on a Saturday but we're seated immediately and food didn't take foreve.  Pizza wings and gumbo were the best probably best gumbo I had when visiting.  Strongly recommendSteak so good, no sauce required!
I sincerely wasn't expecting much from a bar. Most people just grab a drink, maybe watch a game, and munch on the traditional bar fare. But I had heard Turtle Bay makes this one dish that's really good - the Turtle Bay Steak. Boy, was it good!
It blew my mind that a bar would offer a great quality piece of meat. It was cooked just the way I like and it melted in my mouth. They brought out the A1 but the meat was so flavorful that there was no need for it. Their presentation was not exactly good, but the taste is all I was looking for eating at a bar. They served it with a cheddar crusted baked potato and a piece of bread.
If you're looking for something tasty and satisfying and do not care about fancy, I would recommend this steak.Bird is the man. Had an amazing Bacon mushrooms grilled onion Swiss burger, as breakfast this morning. Burger was wonderful. And budget was not been smashed down into the grill while being cooked, Thank You TBThis pretty random but my book group ended up meeting here. We were at Petroiska down the street and they cranked the music up too loud to chat. So we wandered in here.  Nice pour on my bourbon and they had a number of local beers so points for that.  I didn't have any food, but noticed that the kitchen was open.  
I guess my only qualm with this joint is that it seems so corporate. Maybe my opinion will change if I go back for food.My first time in NOLA for Mardi Gras found this pace by accident really. We were at the French Market when a thunder storm rolled in. Ducked in here for a beer to wait it out, ended up staying most of the day. Met some real fun locals and had a great time. One of the first stops when we go back. Been a friendly place every time.Turtle Bay on Decateur is a place we come to when we want late night eats!  The bartender staff are nice.  There are many choices beer.24hr food and drinks. On the walk from FQ to Frenchmen st. Great mix of classic american bar food and pizzas. Plus they deliver!Used to be a great place to go for cheap eats that were good.  Not so much anymore.   They just recently raised their prices, and I'm not talking about a quarter here and there.   In my opinion, they have priced themselves out of the type of bar food they serve.   The food itself was never phenomenal, but always consistently good.  It was dependable.  I'm sorry to see the management make such a dramatic change in prices.  As far as food, I've noticed a decline in the quality of the food being served.   The $5.75 side salad had wilted lettuce.  The $14.50 small combo pizza was overcooked.  Their spaghetti and meatballs special which I used to love, got cut down to spaghetti and meatball, over salted and re-heated.   The place is sinking.  I hope management takes the opportunity to learn from this review and back up some of these changes.. One positive note.  The staff is friendly, helpful and polite and the place is clean.I went here yesterday and will have to give it 1 star on everything ,cleanliness FAIL! 
Service FAIL. although the bartender was prompt  her demeanor was unwelcoming. The food was a  FAIL. I ordered the nachos and a burger. The burger was ordered medium rare,  I received it well done. The nachos were oily and the chips were over cooked . The only plus side to my visit  is  that I got triple points on my credit card. I will not return .Awesome service. The bartenders are very personable. Came in for drinks only. Get the Resurrection! It's a blue concoction with a jalapeño slice. So good!! Dangerous if you have more that 2. Lol!I have been down in this part of the Quarter many times, usually for some music festival, and always while walking past this strip of bars I am overcome with envy.  You see, here in nola I have colleagues but not friends.  Yes, it is sad, I know.  My wife is not much of a drinker,and so rare is the night I get to immerse myself in a dive bar and get--how do the kids say it these days--wrecked.  And yet I still will walk past these places, see people getting loaded on cheap booze, and wonder what it would be like to be doing that, instead of just heading home to drink Miller High Life in front of the TV.
Well, on my 34th birthday I finally got to find out.  I choose Turtle Bay, although there a number of boozy holes you can choose in the area.  And I got to tell you, it was pretty awesome.  The bar was not very full, especially for a Saturday night, but there were a few sketchy characters, as well as at least one passed out frat boy.   The bartendress was gothy and served me a draft of Abita Andygator (FYI any good nola bar should have this on tap).  
The juke was blasting, of all things, Bad Brains.  When DK's "California Uber Alles" came on, this bar won me over.Couldn't drive past NOLA without stopping at Turtle Bay on Decatur for the best gumbo in New Orleans! Pizza & service are great to!Love it and love their ribeye steak. I was surprised how good the service was given the fact that it's a bar. I have been back multiple times and they are open 24 hours a day ... Can't beat that .The Hawaiian pizza is really tasty with shaved coconut and drizzle honey. One star taken off for using so many disposables: )This place is crawling with cockroaches and mice! Avoid at all costs! If they are where you eat they are where they are cooking as well.I usually frequent this place when Ross is working. He's a master behind the bar & a great guy to boot! I went last night around midnight. I ordered a cheeseburger, a shot of SoCo & a coke back. The bartender was really nice, but the food took freakin' forever. Maybe I had too much to drink or maybe the other patrons were really annoying. Or at least that's what I was thinking while waiting. Not to mention the HORRIBLE selections chosen on the jukebox. I was given my food & made my way home, starving. Everything was cold. I literally live 2 minutes door to door. Not cool. I will go back when Ross is working. He knows how to take care of his patrons.The food was great. Local recommended. Late nite food. Service was the best in the quarter. "Clean yo Chicken bones!"My coworker and I grab lunch from this place once or twice per month. It's hard to pass up the pulled pork potato skins on the menu, so we rarely do. The pulled pork is excellent but doesn't beat 13's--- it's saving grace is the utterly, luxuriously delectable creamy stuffed potato skin that arrives with it. I always want to be the fat kid and ask for a dozen of these.
Even when they're busy, the service is always great. We'd eat here more often if it was more affordable like our other regular lunch spots. I don't know many service industry folks who can afford a $13 salad or $11 burger every day for lunch. They certainly don't cater to the working lunch crowd. But so what? Their food is great every time I get it, and it feels like a treat when I bite into those potato skins. 
Note: although I've eaten their delivery a couple dozen times (at least), I've never eaten inside the bar.We ordered two pizzas, wings, and some spinach and artichoke dip from Turtle Bay during our last night in New Orleans. Based on the reviews, we expected to be blown away, but this was not the case. The pizza had a strange flavor to it, the sauce was bland and the crust was gross. Hard. Practically inedible. The wings were okay and the spinach dip tasted fine, but also exactly like what you'd order at Applebee's. The chips were not good and sorta stale. It was mediocre compared to all the other food we had during our time in NOLA. Also, the delivery guy didn't have a good working phone, couldn't find our hotel even though it's right off of Bourbon and historic, and he made us go down to the lobby to get our food. Just seemed like the service could have been better. Lastly, the girl that took our order was rude and short. Any questions I asked about the menu (because I didn't have one right in front of me) she seemed very annoyed by. I also heard her yell at someone else "well then just f*cking take it back then." This just wasn't a pleasant experience and we will not be dining with or ordering from Turtle Bay again next time we visit.Forgot how much I liked this place.  Friendly staff and food I'd good for the price and OMG a sports bar that puts the sound on for games.   Love it!Wow! Wow! Their $10/10oz ribeye and $16/20oz was amazing, delish, mouth watering!!  Loved it best deal ever! Great service.. definitely recommend. Will keep coming back every time in NOLA.Wow, wow, wow!  This place was good.  Our group just happened upon this place by accident as we were looking for a snack to eat, but it was great luck we found this place.  The steak there was the best steak I've ever had. So flavorful and juicy and a good price.  The biggest surprise was the crawfish.  $12 for 2 lbs of crawfish with sausage, lots of potatoes, mushrooms, and garlic.  That was the best deal in all of New Orleans.  This will now be on my list every time I visit NOLA now.had lunch here today, nothing special, just a burger and a YUMMY potato wedge that rocked my socks.   the burger gives yo mama's a run for the money....  not as big, but HEY, it was really great!  
the waiter was wonderful, he was right there for everything we needed.  plenty of refills on our cokes, and again... great burger.  only thing different for me?  would be to melt the cheese onto the burger, but it still rocked.
lets get back to that potato...  like a stuffed potato, with sourcream, butter and cheese.  YUM.... like twice cooked.
before when I've been here, I got the pizza.  I think the burger was even better.  thanks!Pretty solid place to go have a beer and get some pulled pork nachos. My husband and I head over to this bar every sunday during football season and it's always a great crowd. The bartenders are super nice and they have a pretty yummy crawfish boil come spring time. Just don't pay any attention to the rats  occasionally running through the courtyard out back. Remember- you are in New Orleans, you are in the French Quarter, RIGHT by the river, outside when it's warm. Expecting rats or cockroaches to not interrupt your dinner outside is just not feasible. They have been inhabiting this area since the beginning if time and belong here more than you do, just stomp your foot, scare 'em off, continue eating and repeat..Very nice bartender. Ordered the nachos. Huge bowl. Severe disappointment on the food. Good drinks.This is a nice little place to get away and have a nice cold beer.
I hear their food is excellent as well, especially their pizza, but I haven't really eaten anything from there. I go because it's a nice cozy place most of the time with a good beer selection.
They have a courtyard in the back which is nice for private, intimate conversation away from the street. They USED to have booths in the bar part, but moved those out for a table and chairs setting. That's alright.
It's not a hole in the wall bar. It's a regular bar with friendly bartenders and over all a nice spot for a drink or two.Since our last visit the wings have improved tremendously! Keep it up.....turtle bay wings are our favorite when you are on point....What happened to the wings????
They used to be the best I've even eaten!
Go back to your old recipe...please!
Great spot, wonderful staff
Just get back to what workedEvery single time I come to this city my first bar is always this place.  The food is awesome and the staff is super nice.  Drinks are cheap and strong, food is cheap and really good.  They drizzle honey on the Hawaiian pizza and it is to die for!Randomly walked in one afternoon, drawn by the sounds of a great jazz guitarist whose name I've forgotten.  We ended up staying for multiple drinks due to the great bartender and friendly people we met.  We did not eat, but the pizzas looked amazing and they had some nice sounding specials for that day.  We actually ended coming back that night because we enjoyed ourself so much and would have returned again if we weren't leaving the next day.  If you go, make sure to ask about Emily, their resident ghost.Excellent red beans and rice. Great beer selection. Not a typical tourist place. Very laid back and local.We love checking out the many bars in NOLA and were happy to have found Turtle Bay.  The bartender was super friendly and I forgot to ask for his name!
On our first visit, I had a taste of their special drink of melon flavor -  you have a choice of over ice or frozen.  It was a bit sweet for me and the bartender suggested checking out their other specialty cocktails while he poured hubby's beer.  I opted for some kind of lemonade which was very refreshing.  They have quite a selection of draft and you can figure our which one you want from reading each up on the laminated list.  Over one of our conversations, the bartender told us they do a crawfish boil every weekend and it's a fantastic deal at $10 for 2 pounds.  We told him we would return the next day for some.
We returned as promised in the afternoon and they were just about to start, great timing!  We got our cold beer and a platter of crawfish, sausages, corns, mushroom and potatoes were there shortly thereafter.  For $10, you get a lot of food!  It wasn't so spicy that your lips get swollen and numb right.  We don't just twist the head off and eat the tail - we suck on the head for all its goodness too!  That took care of our cravings and we were super satisfied.  I enjoyed the Covington strawberry ale - it was like a nice refreshing cider.
We will definitely return and make this a regular spot to visit.  From reading the reviews, we need to try their food!Was in New Orleans for a long weekend with friends and stumbled upon Turtle Bay after strolling around the French Quarter with a gf, checking out some art galleries.  We almost didn't go in (having had brunch a couple hours before) but we saw a couple sitting in the front window, elbows on the counter, housing a couple huge platters of crawfish boil.  Thusly tempted, we decided "oh what the hell, a few beers and some crawfish sounds like just the afternoon pick me up!" and wandered in.
We were promptly seated in the back patio, where we decided to split there crawfish special (two pounds boil with sausage, corn, and spuds for $12) and grab some Abitas as a snack.  They were cooking the crawfish right outside in these big boil tubs, so before we knew it we had a big ol' tray and a couple cold ones in front of us.  The seasoning was great, the crawfish juicy, and the beers refreshing.  We plowed our way through the tray in no time, running through a ton of paper towels.  My only wish was they would throw in a couple more pieces or corn on the cob (but then again I'm obsessed with corn).
My friend actually left her hat on the table at the patio and at my urging called the bar the next day to see if someone had turned it in - it was safe and sound in their lost and found area, and we were able to pick it up earlier that evening.
Will definitely be back next time I come to New Orleans - good food and at great prices!Stopped in to have a little something to eat.  The wings were EXCELLENT.  The gumbo, was okay, but certainly can find much better close by. 
Server was friendly and prompt. Food was hot and came out quick. I'd definitely go back.A good NO-bar! Friendly crowd and bartenders.
While in New Orleans I like to escape into this joint.
I will return!A really great experience for what may look to be a little dive on a rowdy street. 
Great beer selection (25 on tap). Happy hour specials were okay - $1 off all beers, but since they were quality choices, we were happy with it. FANTASTIC steak special (though I don't know if it is often on the menu or not) - 8 oz filet, (small) twice baked potato and really good slice of garlic bread for under $13. Impressively cooked and seasoned at a great price.
We'd come back here for sure.This place was fantastic. If you are looking for a great place to eat where you won't pay an arm and a leg this has to your place. Get the house special. 20 oz rib eye for $16.I am a local and we order delivery and come to Turtle Bay quite often... Especially to watch Saints games in the courtyard with Kelly, one of our favorite servers in the Quarter. GREAT BURGERS, great veggie burgers, cold beer and I love their crushed ice!Went here the other day before work and ordered pizza.  I didn't expect much, but the pizza was...omg...weird and delicious crust.  Not too shabby for local bar food at all.  The pineapple chunks were fresh and huge, so good.  That was the first time I have actually eaten there.  I've drank there plenty of times in the past and it's your typical decatur bar, except cleaner!  I'd go again for the pizza.  The jukebox is also a nice touch.Love that their kitchen stays open late and they offer, hot, fast, free delivery! Go here often for the really good cheap Rib Eye steak. Comes with bread and a stuffed baked potato skin, nummy! Steak is always cooked perfect!Awesome pizza, and we are picky!! Think crust, light sauce and delicious toppings, buffalo chicken sandwich is great too! The have mini beignets for dessert and they are awesome! This bar and kitchen are open 24/7! A must do in NOLA!!Me and my wife had heard great things about their pizza so when we were in New Orleans this week we stopped in and gave them a try. I have to say everything said about their pizza is true. It was some of the best pizza either of us have had. On top of that, their prices are much lower than any other place in the French Quarter and they are open 24/7. This place is pretty much a local's hangout where they can watch sports so you will not have to fight a lot of out of town folks just looking for a cheap thrill which is also great. We will be back here without a doubt next time we are in town.Great location, great decor/ atmosphere, great bartender, great food,(I engulf the 20oz steak almost weekly) and great patrons.  Pricing is great and I've been there many times.
A great escape/ decompression from the rigors of night-life work & a great hang-out spot.
Huge selection of beers & liquors, nice menu, and some seating by the sidewalk for a smoke.  Courtyard can seat about 50 people, and the bathrooms are clean.
Check this place out!Typical Sports bar but they definitely have a better kitchen than most places I frequent. Another plus is that their kitchen is open 24 hours.
They have this amazing crawfish platter on the weekends after 2pm. If I ever come back to New Orleans this would be one of those spots I have to go at least once. 
Oh yeah BTW... The waitstaff and bartenders are extremely friendly!It's yet another bar in the Quarter and it usually has pretty good and friendly service.  They have a good number of televisions so it can be a good venue for sports.  They have a good selection of bar food along with pizza but I've never eaten here other than the steak which was actually pretty good along with a good price.  There is also a nice little patio in the back like most of the bars in this area.  I usually prefer Molly's at the Market in this area of the Quarter and a friend of mine recently bought a bar not far from here so I generally only end up here during a pub crawl, parade or other event but it's generally a decent dive bar to hang out in.Always my favorite place in New Orleans. Love the juke box and beer pricing. My favorite bites would be the chicken wings and pizza. It's a great local hangout. Rachel is always is Awesome!!Love to eat here. However, during my dinings over the past several weeks in have noticed an increasing odor similar to the men's rooms. As time progresses I am less and less able to distinguish between the pisser and the bar. How unfortunate. 
The 5 stars are because I LIKE peeAwesome dive that has excellent pizza!!! Friendly staff and our favorite bar we visited!We decided around midnight to get a pizza delivered and chose Turtle Bay. It was quite literally one of the best pizzas I've ever had in my life. Their delivery was fast, too. They told us 40 minutes, and it got here in 25. All for $18! The next day, we had the rest for leftovers, and it was even better. I've bookmarked this place for future NOLA trips. It's excellent!WOW....first off I'd like to say that the guy who wrote the previous review about this place has my same first name and first initial of my last.....and while visiting New Orleans in January this is the place I called "home" for the 4 day visit......and I'm from Boston.
This bar is great...good jukebox but the bartender has a great selection being a former music biz employee....the bar is simply that...a bar. The reason I stopped in was the fact all the Abita beer on tap was something like $3.00 a pint which was perfect for what I was looking for. After 3 days I met some great and interesting people at that bar alone...Good people and look forward to going back.
BTW...food was better than average bar food...
Big up to the other Zachary A. ... shit ..the only thing weirder is if he had the same last name and if thats the case my desire to move there will be detoured as well...thats too much G in one place.I couldn't more strongly recommend this place.  I am allergic to seafood so as you can imagine, pickins are  slim down here unless you want chain restaurant food.  I ordered the ribeye and it was ABSO-FREAKIN-LUTELY AMAZING!  Then factor in that it was only $16, and I about did a jig!  The service was outstanding as well.  Don't miss this spot!!!My friend referred me to this hidden jewel and I was not disappointed. The steaks was on point and the service was great also. Please if you visiting our Lovely city check out this locationFood 24 hours a day. Plus its delicious food. Its not on Bourbon street so you get a slightly less drunk crowd, although they are still drunk of course. They have a pretty big food menu and a big variety of beers on tap too. I loved the food and I was expecting it to be sub-par because I ordered it at 2am. They have a lot of New Orleans style dishes as well as just regular bar food you would expect anywhere like nachos and chili. Our server was great and the food came out quickly and prices were pretty good. Overall we were happy we stopped byeasily missable spot on Decatur, that's open 24-hrs. Turtle Bay was recommended by the rad cashier next door at Fun Rock'n for their awesome $10 petite steak meals, & it just seemed too unbelievable to ignore. My aunt indeed did get the $10 petite steak, which was anything but petite honestly. It looked like a full fledged steak to me! It came with a potato skin filled with scalloped (?) potatoes, & also a piece of garlic bread. Me being the burger fanatic I am, I opted for the buffalo burger, which also came with the same side of scalloped potatoes. It was truly a fantastic medium-well grilled hunk of meat, topped with buffalo sauce & blue cheese, with some locally fresh toppings. I was in cheap heaven! To know I could enjoy this kinda meal any day of the week, at any time, was kinda unreal. I truly recommend to everyone. It's a true go-to spot when looking for a great meal under the radar in the city!This place is great. One of the bartenders (Eric) went WAY above and beyond for us. We were visiting NOLA for my business trip and wanted to catch a particular Saturday football game. My husband called to ask whether they had the channel, and Eric said unfortunately they didn't. He must've looked into it further because he then texted AND called to let us know they could get the game for us. He was super welcoming when we got there and introduced ourselves. Great atmosphere and obviously awesome bartenders.What a surprise this place was.
I had a large group of friends from Austin that I met up with on Frenchman.  We were looking for a spot to just hang out and drink with seating and not a lot of loud noise.  No such spot was to be found on Frenchman on this night.  I decided to walk over to Molly's because I'm stupid and deep inside I knew Molly's would be packed.  It was.  Now who's stupid?  Me.  To my surprise, I saw Turtle Bay a few doors down and it wasn't crowded at all.  We figured we would go inside and have a drink or two.  
I had Turtle Bay pegged as touristy, under new ownership and name, here today and gone tomorrow place.  Wrong.  Now who's stupid?  Still me.  In reality, it's a nice little spot with lots of good beers on tap.  The bartender was super friendly as well.  The big surprise was the courtyard in the back.  This area fit our entire group and then some.  We were rolling about fifteen deep because that's just how we do.  Yeah, I just said that.  Still stupid.  We had a great time in the back and it wasn't noisy or bothersome at all.  There is a kitchen cooking up late night food.  I have to say, the food is surprisingly good.  Pretty decent pizza.  It's true.  It's a nice sized menu when anything would probably do.  To be fair, we were hungry and drinking, so you might want to try this out for yourself.
The only downside is the parking around the Quarter.  I'm not often in that area for drinks.  I'm sure that adds to the annoyance of parking.  Depends on the night. 
Anyway, Turtle Bay rescued the night and I'll probably be stopping in again.  Great little place.  
FACTOID: They have a signature frozen drink in a neon green plastic container called the Turtle Bomb.  My friend wanted a Hand Grenade and thought this was it.  It was not.  However, she now performs on a highly popular improv group in Austin called Hand Bomb as a tribute to our fun night at Turtle Bay.Most amazing steak. Delicious appetizers. Staff are seet and personable. Must try when you visit.I went to this joint because Coop's Place (a NOLA classic that always has a line) was too busy and my friend I were too hungry to wait. Turtle Bay wasn't a bad alternative. It's a small place that will serve you drinks and food--nothing special but it gets the job done. I went with this pizza which was pretty delicious:
Hangover Helper Breakfast Pizza - Made With Mozzarella & Cheddar Cheeses, Bacon, Canadian Bacon, Sausage, and Eggs
I liked the cooked egg yolks on the pizza.
So, this is a place you can go if you're already in the area and need to consume something. Otherwise, this is not a place you go out of your way for.This is a great spot to duck in and grab a bite to eat! The interior is classic bar meets French Quarter complete with exposed brick walls and several televisions so you can catch the game while there. The menu offers a good selection of typical bar fare plus a few selections of local cuisine. The burger I had was cooked perfectly and the potato skin on the side was a welcome change from the typical French Fry.They have a great pizza (bbq is my favorite, I LOVE the sweet honey crust).  My husband got the steak and he said it was delicious.  I come here when I'm downtown.  It seems like a local place even though its in the middle of everything.  Great place to watch a game...it's not insanely loud.I would have walked by this place if some girl in a grocery store didn't tel me to go here. Great food. Savory steak choices. Excellent stuffed potatoes. Bartender,  Eric, is so entertaining. Lol. Srsly he was very personable and informative with some sass. 24 hours great food. Get some!!  Tuesday nights are fillet mignons specials. Get some !! I had the 10 oz ribeye for $10. Can't beat that. Heard hamburgers were just as stellar.Saw a cockroach walking along the drink machine with that blue cocktail in it. I didn't try the food. I did have two drinks despite what I saw. Women's bathroom was bizarre. There were 2 toilets with a divider that offers absolutely zero privacy.  Bartenders were pleasant, though.Arrived here at the recommendation of a local bartender. I love steak but didn't want us to spend steakhouse money. Turtle Bay was recommended and it was clearly fate because Tuesday is $12.95 filet night. The steak was AMAZING. Not just for the price either. For the cut and cooking. I have never had s potatoes cake and didn't realize until I cut into it what all it was stuffed with. I may actually prefer it over the standard baked potato. Didn't love the gumbo but drinks, service and the entree were an A+!  
Wish I had a picture but we inhaled that delicious food without a second thought so, you'll have to go check this out in person!Just came in and has Amy behind the bar.  She was absolutely amazing , was so friendly and outgoing we had a GREAT time with her. She made me the best margarita I've ever had ! Great eyes, great boobs , great time . Thanks Ames .This place isn't what it used to be when we were here last. The place that we knew as Turtle Bay is now a Spirits on Bourbon Street and nothing like that little place we stepped into that played zydecco music and where my BF did some washboard. I was  a little sad, but got over it. The bathroom was very scary here, so beware about that, but the staff was very friendly and while they did not play any live music, that was fine with me. I have noticed that very few places in New Orleans are not friendly. The bartenders and staff are always overy helpful as well as the local clientele. Love visting, but not over a main festival time again. I would like to go when there was a downtown time in the city.We needed late night food near Frenchman street, so we came to Turtle Bay. We were pleasantly surprised. The food was amazing. We had the cochon po boy, pizza fries, and the cochon nachos. The nachos are by far the best nachos we've ever had. We loved them so much we came back the next night for more. The other food was good too, and the beer selection is good. We will return on our next trip to New Orleans!Awesome place. Open all night 24 hours. Ribeye steak 20 ounces is the real deal.  All of their food is good. Drinks are reasonable.  It's the doorway to the party.Enjoyed a late lunch here today around 1:30 the Saturday of Easter weekend. We were told that this is a great place for Boiled Crawfish, and they were definitely correct!!  My family ordered the Fried Mushrooms, Boiled Crawfish, Ribeye, and a 10" Pizza.  All were awesome!  Let me add, too, that the Ribeye is AMAZING!!!
We ate in the back in the courtyard...nothing fancy, but it was nice to be outside. The service at the time we went was slow, but just as we were paying, a waitress that we hadn't seen yet came by our table and talked to us for a while, and asked us if we needed anything. I think we had hit the change of shift lull which is why the service seemed slow prior to Rebecca clocking in. 
No frills place...just great food!Great drinks (Turtle Bay Tea was amazing) and awesome beer selection, Friendly bartenders who were willing to stop and chat. Great food - we had the pulled pork nachos and a pepperoni pizza. Will definitely come back again anytime we're in the area.This place was fun. The resurrection is sweet but at the same time very strong. And the glass it comes in is a defiantly eye catching.This place is great to catch a game!  You would never suspect it but the food is out of this world.  Try the pizza and you'll know what I'm talking aboutLove, love, love Turtle Bay! Excellent sweet and savory burger, grilled chicken sandwich, pizza and steak.  Yes, don't judge this book by its cover- looks like a dive, but the steak is awesome-and 20 oz. with bread and a side for only $17! Good food, great location, cold Abita beer and friendly staff. 2 thumbs up!Place looks like a bit rough around the edges and a bit divey, as did some of the people...which is what I wanted.  And this did not disappoint! 
bears were pretty decent selection and cold, and the food was actually really great....loved the chicken wings and my burger was A number 1!  And no -- we were no drunk when we went in, the food was actually good! lol 
it was funny a whole bus came in from a ghost tour to get a blue drink of some kind with a big bang for the buck, which was funny....but otherwise was like a neighborhood bar where we just sat for 2 hours at the bar eating and drinking.  Good stop over and not too pricey.Came here for crawfish boil, but we got here around 7:30, and they ran out. The tip in general for crawfish boil is- get there early. At Turtle Bay, the rule of thumb our waitress told us was they run out around 6:00. Starts at 2:00, will get here early tomorrow to get my crawfish on!!!Sitting down for about 20 minutes now and the server never served me and my BLACK friend because guess what....we are Black. STILL after 20 minutes no service and everyone around us had been served. It's Amazing to me how in this day and age racism still exists even im Restaurants and places where WE, Blacks patronize and make you guys money. BLACKS are your cooks but RACISTS are your Servers, How Great. Well this CHEF will definitely spread the word that although all money is green and spends that WE aren't Wanted. THANKS Turtle Bay, Great JobAfter a week of cajun food I really needed some simiple basic foods.  Plus we needed somewhere to watch the first round of the NFL draft and the NBA playoffs.
Yelp came through for me yet again.  This is a cool little sports bar on the outskirts of the french quarter.  The pizza was very good.  I ordered mine with sausage, peperoni and canadian bacon.  The crust, sauce and toppings all were good.
The drinks and food are pretty cheap.  There are several large flat screen televisions to watch the game on.Look, I visited the "#1pizza joint in NOLA. I came here after that pretentious place didn't fill me up. Turtle Bay was EVERYTHING I expected a New Orleans dive pizzeria to be. Tasty, filling, killer service and a serious piece of pie. Walked in at 3 am and it was the perfect dinner.Their burgers were /insanely/ good. I got gumbo (also very good) but ended up eating a good bit of my friend's burgers. In all honesty I typically dislike burgers and I was amazed by how much I enjoyed their's. Our waiter was super chill and nice, don't remember his name though. The bar is nice but I love the little outdoor courtyard in the back.It was a warm, sunny, Saturday afternoon walking around the French Quarter.  My thirst was building up.  Turtle Bay was there and they had good brews on tap.  Tried an Abita Jockamo IPA...good-tasting IPA with a nice, crisp hoppiness...not a hoppy as most IPAs I've had.  Next, I tried the NOLA Hopitoulas...another IPA, but definitely a crisper, hoppier, although still balanced, beer than the Jockamo.  
Good, knowledgeable bartender who turned me onto NOLA!  Very good beer selection!  Turtle Bay is solid bar in my book!One of my favorite pit stops while in NOLA... Great drinks, good food, and awesome bartenders..An AMAZING joint and one of the 3 top Pizza's I've ever eaten....  They make their dough and bake it to perfection....  The wings are just as good..  Prices are very reasonable and they have an AMAZING JukeBox with a great sounding speaker system....
This place has it going on!!Great place to have a late night bite. The pulled pork po boy is freaking awesome.  The pizza is also very good. I love stopping by this place.Our service was good but do nottttt order their crawfish outside. We should have known better, I've never seen so many flies in my life. The crawfish wasn't even that great either.Great place to watch a game in the quarter. Good beer selection and awesome food. Wings pizza and fries were bomb.Ok, long time visitor to the Quarter, Turtle Bay Pizza  & Nachos are crap.  You don't f'n make nachos with hormel chili & green bell peppers under non melted crappy bs cheddar cheese.  Worst nachos I have ever had & I've tried plenty. The Pizza should not called pizza, that's an insult. If you like this pizza save your money & order Little Cesar's, it's cheaper. The pie crust is bland and lacks depth or salt. The pizza toppings are mediocre quality at best.  Oh, you think I'm being harsh? No! We were recommended this food, it was a total let down. Save yourself some hassle and order from Mona Lisa! The delivery guy had the incorrect phone number, and the idiot who took our order then gave him some Texas number, our pizza was 20 minutes cold from him confused as to the delivery. Then the delivery guy tried to forgo giving change but we refused to give a $20 tip.  No sir we want change. All around guarantee we will never order from Turtle Bay again. Folks if you like pizza or understand good nachos do not eat here!  Awful, just awful. I rarely write reviews this badly. Seriously check out my other reviews.  Spare yourself from Turtle Bay Pizza. UghA hidden gem that I came across. Clean & friendly environment. Food was great, fresh & large portions. Sports, food & beer you can't go wrong. Open 24 hoursGreat Beer selection.  Excellent food at a reasonable price and superb staff.  Can't wait to go back!Awesome pizza, wings and burgers plus cold beer near the French market what's not to loveTurtle bay was EXCELLENT for us on our New Orleans visit. I'm a big pizza enthusiast and we had to come twice. Ofcourse , the hours make it easy to come when the cravings hit! But the price is reasonable and it's not too far either, and no rude people! It's on our list to always visit when we are in town!Got agree with the Zachs on this.  It's a sweet place.  The bartenders rock.  The mozerella sticks are tasty.  And I dunno.  This place reminds me of Cheer's.  Love it.Found this place with my happy hour app!  Starts at 9 am - 6 pm.  Great selection of local Louisiana beers, the best bloody mary's (complete with pickled green beans, okra, and olives), courtyard in back, and Cajun fries.  Yum!Daiquiri had zero alcohol in it...what's the point?  Bartender made fun of my music selections on the jukebox, not cool!  Cosmo tasted like cranberry juice.  Staff was really rude to the people next to us...they ordered 3 large pizzas to go and the bartender refused to serve them water.  Seriously??  Lame.Went here after Angeli dropped the ball on our order. Pizza was good and quick as was the service.Pizza was frozen and pretty beat up from the bike ride to the hotel. Took about an hour for delivery. This place was on bar rescue. I had hoped they had learned their lessons on quality. Wings were good, but not good enough to go back. Salads were pretty lame too. This is dive bar food, for drunk people.This is one of my favorite places in the quarter. Happy hour is awesome. Great menu. Josh the day bartender is super cool too.Kitchen is open till 3am!!!  The rib eye steak is killer, the stuffed potato skins are awesome!!
Not to mention it's openair cool bar tender and cold ac!I wandered in here one Sunday night after my wife decided to go to bed.  She gave me the night to myself for once in a while!  I sat at the end of the bar, right next to the Jager machine.  I was missing a lot of old friends.  The drinks were poured generously and I had a ball.  Had a little trouble getting back to the hotel....I wasn't lost or mugged or anything, just really drunk.  Thanks guys!After taking the train down to New Orleans and checking into our hotel on Chartres, my father and I were in much need of refreshment.  Around 4 we made a quick jaunt down Gov. Nicholls and turned on to Decatur, happening on Turtle Bay almost immediately.  We walked in and grabbed a seat at the bar.  Everything seemed very familiar to me, because as it happens three years ago my parents and I stopped here for a delicious lunch during a three day trip down for a wedding (my recollection of this is disputed by my father, who is certain we went to Coop's - he is incorrect, I'm sure of it).  It was a bit early for dinner, and anyway we had a gift card to Maximos, so we settled in for a few cold ones.  
The bartender was a bit worse for wear from his 18 hour shift the previous day (the NFC Championship game) but was quite friendly.  Aside from my father and me, about five or so other patrons lined the bar.  From my angle I couldn't quite make out all of the tap options but there were quite a few, around twelve or fourteen different handles.  I started the afternoon off with a NOLA Hopitoulas, a delicious local IPA with a nice crisp taste.  The bartender thought it was a bit too hoppy for his tastes and recommended the Abita Jockamo, which is what I followed up with.  I found the atmosphere of the place very relaxed and friendly, and I believe my father's only complaint was about a few of the songs played on the stereo.  But he always complains about that kind of thing so I thought nothing of it.  The bartender recommended the nightly special, a blackened steak if I recall, but when we told him about our gift card he gave us recommendations for Maximos too.  After about an hour my father and I decided to decamp and walk about the Quarter for a bit before dinner, and after finishing our drinks and saying farewell we took off.  It may have been just coincidence that the first place we went in New Orleans this trip was the last place we had been previously, but I'm confident the next time I'm down I'll be arranging a return visit.Good for the late night greasy food as they are open around the clock. Service was a bit lack luster while we were there, but the food was good and they were open.Great staff! Great food! Great fun!!!  Felt like we were at home cheering on the CLE Browns.  Wings were really good!We got tired of eating po boys and wanted something different instead. I ordered a burger and a salad 30 mins ago and asked the waiter where it was - no answer. I'm still sitting here starving and waiting for my salad. =(The service, particularly our waiter, was one of the nastiest, rudest, horrible, most condescending waiters I've had in my life. He should be fired. The food was great, but the service was so bad I was distracted from the delicious food. However, a nicer waiter might have changed my experience. What a shame.Came in for the higher ratings as I was looking for a place near the French Market.
The food was REALLY good - so good I have been back twice.  Today for lunch and once to watch Monday night football with some out of towners staying in Quarter.
First time in I had pizza as I was coming off a low carb diet - the BBQ chicken was delicious.  The next two times I had a burger  (sooo good) and the prime rib special.  Both were served with a twice baked poatato wedge that was creamy, cheesy and waay too tasty.  Question, since the wedge is basically half a poatato, does being twice baked make it the equivalent of one full once- baked potato?
OK, I'm going for the funny votes there... maybe I'll get pity instead.
Other reasons to go:
- Good, inexpensive drinks
- Plentiful flat screen TVs with all the right games on (Sunday ticket included)
- Friendly knowledgable staff that know how to operate said TVs
- Window seating with an eye on the world
- Patio in back for open air and quieter conversationHad a few drinks here along with their Jambalaya special and was so glad we chose here to eat.
My son and I got the window seat and were able to enjoy the sites of the French Quarter as we consumed our plentiful bowls of Jambalaya.
Drink prices were fair, the Jambalaya was a great deal, delicious and filling, and the bartender (Eric, I think) was great with his customers and hustled.
Definitely a great place to visit...Easily one of my favorite pizza joints in NOLA. Turtle bays crust reminds me of crackers it's thin and crispy. I usually don't eat thin crust but this with the cheese, sauce, and everything on top just goes well together. I love this pizza too bc I don't feel to stuffed afterwards. A large can feed 3-4 adults. 
Our waitress was very nice and attentive. Def try the beers they have on tap I tried the Lazy Praline Ale and it was delish!Good bar, great beer selection and staff.  I was really impressed with the phone charging station on the bar; dead cell phone batteries are a bigger problem these days than accidentally handing the bar your real ID!Burger was delicious! I just had the plain burger with bacon. I asked for it to be cooked medium and it was done perfectly. The burger came with a stuffed potato skins which was very good as well. Staff was very friendly and attentive. I need to come back to try the gumbo and pizza!The food was very good, however, it's in a spot where If you're looking for a quiet spot to eat dinner this is not the place.Awesome place! Great food, service and a fun place to watch the game! I almost walked past because it was noisy downstairs and I really wanted to watch the football game. They have a great room upstairs with a fun atmosphere to enjoy the game. John was a fantastic server. The bathroom was clean and had my favorite soap! I highly recommended this place!Turtle Bay was excellent and amazing it is part of the "Spirits" family but a lower key divey and relaxing place. The bartender was amazing. The pizza I had was the combo and it was delicious and done perfectly. The crust had some crunch and was well balanced, not too overly crackery. This is just a restaurant and bar. There is no live music here like at Spirits. But you can still get a "Barber Beer" which isn't beer at all or a basic Resurrection.  I will definitely be going back!!!! It is close to the 5, and 55 buses or the Riverfront Streetcar. (Currently served by the 47/48 Canal Streetcar line from the French Market Station to Canal Street than to Cemeteries or City Park Museum. Poydras through Julia Street Stations are currently out of service as the former World Trade Centre is transformed into Four Seasons Hotel)I loved coming here for the gumbo, especially after a long night of drinking and walking all around. It had been a little chilly while my husband and I stayed in NOLA so this was the perfect thing to warm me up. It's full flavor didn't have to add anything to it and loved dipping the buttered-garlic bread into it.It was super tasty, well priced and good service!   Had hamburger and green salad- all tasted great and fresh.  Good portions.We ended up here after trying to get into Coop's to eat. I'm sure that happens with some frequency to this place. We were starving and they had food. 
This was one of those places that reminds me of Rush St. or Division St. party bars here at home. The main reason one goes is to get tanked, it doesn't really matter where you are. Thursday, Friday, and Saturday this place is open 24 hours. Pop, there blew my little Chicago mind again.
Everyone was pretty friendly. I got the chicken fingers, nothing fancy. He got the rib eye special, a mere $15 for a steak, creamy garlic potato and garlic bread. Good deal, he thought! He said the steak was actually really good (and he's a steak snob). The potato had ranch dressing in it so neither of us cared for it. 
One of the bartenders told us to try their fried raspberry cheesecake dessert, so we obliged. Fried raspberry cheesecake?  Huh.  It was surprisingly good. Little wonton-like wrappers with cheesecake and raspberry sauce fried up, dusted in powder sugar and chocolate sauce. 
In all, not bad, the whole thing. They all seemed a bit amused by us for some reason.  So, it was an ok stop.While the pizza is far from the best, the rib eye is awesome. I didn't want to give it 5 stars, but it met the criteria. Pizza: Check, Potato Skins: Check, Good Beer Selection: Check, Good Bartender: Check. Throw that in with a super cheap and good rib eye, you have 5 stars. Pizza is not great, but it's a bar. That is like going to a baseball game and expecting the best hot dog in the world. It has a little of everything. 
Don't confuse this place with the Turtle Bay on Bourbon. The one on Bourbon has crazy prices and seems to be set up for the drunken debauchery that happens there. The big difference is when you leave the one on Bourbon, you'll see drunken fools stumbling around. This one has gutter punks. Pick your poison.I have an addiction to the pizza!!!
Pretty much all I get!
Crunchy crust! Yummy veggies and lots of cheese.
Always a great environment. Good for small groups.
Has a patio to hang on. Good music on the jukebox and is always serving!!!Unexpectedly outstanding food! Burgers ordered medium, came out perfectly cooked. They tasted like that perfectly charred, juicy, thick beefy taste that seems so rare to find for some reason. So delicious that they even talked us into the steak special as well!!! All I have to say about the steak, is that I had the A-1 at the ready...and immediately slid it back to its home in the condiment caddy after the first bite. The bartender was great, good conversation, very funny. Even the cook came out and talked about the food. Been to NOLA far too many times to count. I'm elated to add this gem to my "must stop here" list. These folks care, it shows. Thanks Turtle Bay!
- Your Grateful Steeler Fans!Wonderful boiled crawfish, super good deal during weekend!
2 pounds crawfish for only $12, it comes with corn, potatoes and sausage
Good drinking menu as well. Highly recommendThis place has great late night bar food. The pizza and nachos never disappoint. This place doesn't look like much and to call it a dive is being kind but I have been here several times and I have always been happy with what I have ordered. Plus, they deliver. I ordered a pizza at 10:30 on a Friday night and it was at my door in 25 minutes.Stopped during the French Quarter fest after searching for parking for 45 minutes and leaving another restaurant prior. We ordered two draft beers and two burgers. Burgers were cooked well instead of medium as specified. They served baked potatoes instead of fries so we opted for the fries for an up-charge. The burger were pretty good and large! Bartender was not very personable but seemed to be nice to the locals.I'm a huge fan of their BBQ chicken pizza. It's brick oven cooked and delicious. The wings are some of the best in the city.Came with a group. Server had a bad attitude and would allow any changes for. The posted menu. He delivered wrong items then took them back after about 15 minutes. Two of our group of six was served at one time, everyone else was served about 20 minutes later. Never came back to check on drinks after the first round. 
All that said, the burgers were good. However, not good enough to go back or recommend.The gumbo and crawfish are really good. thanks to  Rebecca O who opened the balcony for us and gave us outstanding customer service!Went here last night for a snack and a drink. Overheard the bartender telling a customer that she ran his card multiple times, but it was declined. She asked for another form of payment. Asked for my check after eating and finishing my drink, and she told me the same (card declined, I even ran it manually). I checked my account, and it was fine. She told me to call my bank and held my card. Called my bank and was told nothing was wrong with my account. I kept them on the phone while she ran my card, and it worked fine on the first try. I think she was taking cash from customers and pocketing it. Beware.This place is amazing. Great ambiance, bartenders and friendly, music is fun, chill and local crowd and their food is insane. I had the cheeseburger pizza, and even at midnight on a Wednesday it came out hot and fresh. A nice spot off the beaten path, and beautiful views on the walk home.Wings are good, blue drink is good, service is good, rest of the food is okay at best.Absolutely stunned. Hostess was welcoming and polite. Sat us in the courtyard. Specifically looking for a restaurant to eat 'authentic New Orleans' crawfish. It was delicious and did disappoint. We got our crawfish quick and I can't emphasize how on-point it was! Perfect crawfish!Corey was the bomb, celebrated my 21st Birthday in style and full of great people. This was a great, friendly bar.I happened to stop by after drinking a bit because I wanted french fries. It was super busy so I grabbed a spot at the bar. It did take a bit to get the bartenders attention, but then again it was busy. I started talking to the guy next to me and it turned out he is from Nebraska originally, which was super cool. He offered me one of his hot wings, which was good and cripsy. He also let me try his steak, which was pretty big. See we are from Nebraska and we know great steaks. This steak by not bad at all by our high standards! We had to remind the bartender about my fries, but we we got them they were good!