Very good breakfast. Within walking distance of our hotel. Had the crepes with fruit. Would get again for sure. Not sure about the tea. Had a hint of fennel seed to it.Food was great!!!! I had the crab cake Benedict and it was delicious! Great service and smoothiesBreakfast was above average and reasonably priced, especially considering the options available near convention center. Service could be better. They are pleasant, mostly, if you can get their attention. Coffee was amazing and I was particularly thankful they offer a cup to go when you're finished!!!  Portions are plenty and ingredients are fresh and a little inventive.It was great.  I had crab Benedict. Just the kind of place i was looking for. Paud parking on the street was easy to find.Great omelets and grits. We try to stop here when in the area for breakfast. Pretty yummy and nice wait staff too. It's worth the trip to this place if you're looking for a great breakfast. Probably lunch too but all we've had here was breakfast.This place is situated inside of a building, not easily seen from the street. Food is good, not over priced. Service is friendly and efficient. Comfortable and casual. Good place. 35$ for 3 people.I'm sure the food is great - it's too bad I didn't have a chance to try it. The service was probably one of the worst that I've ever received, which is too bad because it seemed pretty nice otherwise.
I arrived with my fiancé and the place was full so we were asked to wait by the entrance. No problem. A small table opened up after about 10 min, and instead of taking us to the table, the waitress led us to the bar. I usually don't like sitting at the bar because I'm short, and this bar was exceptionally tall. When sitting, the countertop came above my chest and I wasn't able to rest my arms comfortably. Who wants to eat like that? We requested to be seated at the table that was just cleared, and she informed us that she wanted to give that table to the family behind us with a child. Okay, fine, I understand that children can't sit at the bar, so we agreed to let them have the table. We let the waitress at the bar know that we wanted to move to the next available table and she said sure, no issue. Another waitress comes by to take our order, we explain our situation, and she comments that if we want to wait for a table, we shouldn't be sitting at the bar, like it's our fault for being at the bar in the first place. She did acknowledge at least that there were plenty of open bar seats at the time, so it was ok for us to sit there "for now". After another 5 minutes, the first waitress comes over and asks us again "Are you sure you don't want to sit at the bar? If you move to the table you will have to wait longer for the food to come out." At this point, I'm frustrated but I've already invested some time. We tell her (again) that we do not want to sit at the bar, but if waiting for the food is an issue, then can we order now please? They take our order, and after another 10 minutes, we see another open up. Not unreasonably, we thought that would be our table... Until we see the same waitress gesturing to another party waiting at the entrance, letting them know that will be their table. She comes over and tells us that she had already promised that table to them, and asks us again if we're sure we don't want to sit at the bar. At this point, we were so fed up that we just walked out.
I thought that we had been plenty understanding and even let that family go ahead of us, but they were just completely taking advantage of our patience and niceness. If this is how you treat your customers, I don't care how good your food tastes. I'd give this place 0 stars if I could.Great breakfast! Service was wonderful and met one of the "chicks". She was delightful to talk to and hear about the restaurant. I had a buckwheat crepe with crab, shrimp and veggies. Topped with an egg! Definitely see the Romanian influence. My wife had French toast and loved it.Staying around the convention center has it perks, unfortunately trying to find a good bite is not one of them. Luckily, I did find this place, thanks to Yelp! Cute spot, tasty food, and yummy drinks. Sweet tea with orange and mint is very refreshing - I will be stealing that combo. Tried Papa's French Toast, which is coated with corn flakes - stealing that idea too... After the iced tea, it was a must to try their fresh squeezed OJ (divine). They also squeeze their own apple juice! Can't say nicer things about this place... You wont be disappointed...Usually packed with conference/event attendees from the nearby Convention Center. Totally worth the wait in line. They tend to have quick turnovers so the wait isn't all that long. If you go definitely try their freshly made in house juices. That's their specialty but their food is also great; I never leave a morsel on my plate (yes the manager teased me about this and gave me free coffee lol). The owners are great and that's reflected in the staff they hire.Glad we found this place. Great breakfast. Fresh squeezed OJ, fresh juiced smoothie. Fast and friendly staff.I got the shrimp and grits!! Omg so amazing!! I was so full and yet I couldn't stop eating. The service was great and the ambiance was chill. Cute place I definitely recommend for brunch :)Great breakfast spot. The goat cheese omelette and hatchery sandwich are delicious. Conveniently located across from the convention center.I have been to this restaurant at least five times and have never been disappointed. They have the best grilled cheese in the city - complete with beets and mustard (sounds strange but don't judge until you've tried it)! Their creamy grits are tremendous as well. Overall, in a city that doesn't do breakfast so well, this place will satisfy every craving!Nice hole in the wall brunch place with great specials! I'd recommend the Barbecue Shrimp and Grits or their Crabcake Melt or make your own omelette! Our server attended our huge group amazingly and gave us constant water refills. The grits are the best I've ever tried here and worth trying with your meal!! We were definitely full at the end and needed to walk the meal off. Would visit again with a small group of friends :)Cute interior/creative space. The location was a little off convention center Blvd hidden in a shopping center. I could see it almost being passed but you should definitely stop in! The food and service were excellent; we really enjoyed the menu! And the vibe was super chill.Food was great! I visited with my mother and sister and we all got omelettes, different ones. They loved the grits. I got a green juice and made some adjustments to reduce the sugar content. The server was very sweet and accommodating. All of my coworkers spoke highly of this place and they weren't wrong.Called in an order for a large group with a variety of requests; was not dissappointed. Everything was correct, the price is great, and the food is fantastic. 
Crab Benedict caught my eye initially. Served on a croissant with Cajun hollindaise sauce it was everything I hoped and dreamed. Crab cake with real crab and minimal breading like it should be, egg was perfectly poached with a great texture and runny yolk, sauce was perfect. 2 eggs on 2 halves of the croissant, picked it up like a sandwich. Chose grits for my side and was not disappointed, though I did look longingly at the fruit side which was cut up banana and strawberry(not the normal melon crap)
Everybody really enjoyed their food, even the chick who got a veggie sandwich. I definitely plan on ordering from here again.
Note to self: try the turkey figFood was good overall. Not sure why we had to wait 30 minutes till we got it. Took way to long.Excellent! The crab cakes benedict are outstanding, the best benedict I have had.  Highly recommend the food here and truly enjoy the atmosphere.Just had an excellent lunch here. I got the veggie sandwich. It comes with small green salad. Both were very good. Only complaint on sandwich pretty juicy so the bread got a little soft. But the veggies and cheese were yummy
Some other reviews talked about bad service at peak time. I try to avoid that. Went early for lunch. Service was great.A quaint & warm atmosphere, friendly servers and awesome food.  Echoing the previous reviews - do yourself a favor and try the grits. I would def recommend this cafe to anyone.We had the Crunchy French Toast and the Barn Sandwich and both were very delicious. Try a side of the andouille sausage is was amazing. Nice ambiance and you can tell the food is freshly made in house.The two chicks welcome you into their new business with smiling faces. The atmosphere is eclectic. Very unique , same as owners. Let's not forget the food, YUMMY. Coffee is great, and juice is freshly squeezed. I would highly recommend that you go there!!Redemption! Not just because it was playing in the cafe either. This was my second visit here. The first time in they forgot to put in my order. Once the server realized it she delivered my food to me quickly. The bacon wasn't crispy as I like it but the breakfast was decent. 
Today I visited for my second time. The service was prompt and the servers were polite. I ordered the crab cake eggs Benedict. Now, I really don't like hollandaise sauce. I despise mayonnaise and it's always been a little too close to that flavor to me. This sauce was delicious. It was not overpowering in any way. The poached eggs were cooked perfectly and it was served on top of a delicious crab cake and a hot croissant. I was in heaven. 
Let's get to the grits. These were amazing! They were whipped to perfection with a smooth buttery flavor. 
The food and the atmosphere will not disappoint. If you're in New Orleans make sure you stop by and enjoy yourself.Called in an order for a large group with a variety of requests; was not dissappointed. Everything was correct, the price is great, and the food is fantastic. 
Crab Benedict caught my eye initially. Served on a croissant with Cajun hollindaise sauce it was everything I hoped and dreamed. Crab cake with real crab and minimal breading like it should be, egg was perfectly poached with a great texture and runny yolk, sauce was perfect. 2 eggs on 2 halves of the croissant, picked it up like a sandwich. Chose grits for my side and was not disappointed, though I did look longingly at the fruit side which was cut up banana and strawberry(not the normal melon crap)
Everybody really enjoyed their food, even the chick who got a veggie sandwich. I definitely plan on ordering from here again.
Note to self: try the turkey fig
Edit: came back again the next day and did the Thai shrimp poboy and it was excellent. Plenty of shrimp, Great flavor on the Cole slaw and chili sauce to give it some kick. Bread was good too. 
Also did a blue chick smoothie. Nice that it had real fruit instead of a mix. More of a slushee though since there didn't seem to be any cream in it. It was okay, but overpriced.I decided to give this place another shot because I know they have good quality food. As long as you go in expecting a line, get your name on their waiting list (a hostess will come around to get your name), and maybe 15+ minutes wait depending on how far back in line you are. I would not recommend any groups larger than 4 as seating is very limited. So with that mindset, you're ready for Two Chicks Cafe.
I absolutely LOVE LOVE their bbq shrimp and grits. It's the second best shrimp and grits I've ever had (the best is a restaurant in Louisville). I come to NOLA a lot for work at the Convention Center, and would try to eat here every time I come for a visit. I also really enjoy their Green Blast juice if I can splurge on a drink like that. I've had their buckwheat savory crepe before and it wasn't bad. I've heard from multiple people that their quinoa salad is very good. I think I'll give that a try soon. 
I thought this place is very tasty and deserves an updated review.Amazingly delicious place for breakfast, beautifully decorated, every detail is gorgeous! Delicious fresh squeezed juices! We came here 4 days in a row and every single time was great!! The two chicks are awesome!!! Highly recommended.The andoullie sausage is amazing and tasty. We also enjoyed the pancakes and potatoes. Everything is decent here.Whoa...this food was so damn good that I forgot to take a picture. First of all, the ladies who work there are very pleasant and attentive. I was greeted at least three times and given my menu immediately. I wasn't sure if I was going to eat in or take my food back to the hotel and that was no problem for them. they waited patiently until I figured it out.
I finally ordered the under the sea omelette that came with creamy grits ( that were actually creamy) and toast. The toast could have been cooked a little less but I don't like really toasted toast.
The under the sea omelette had lump crab meat, shrimp, brie, dill, bell pepper, and green onions. Oh and I forgot to mention that the Marriott staff gave me a coupon so I got 10% off. That brought my total to $10.
I can't wait to come back to New Orleans in February to eat here again. The restaurant is a small cafe located on Fulton and diamond.My food was totally excellent! Had the seafood omelet which was great!my wife had the veggie Benedict which she said was great despite it not being hot enough. Overall a great experience.Nice place and the food was good. Ordered the crab cake Benedict. Service was a bit slow but not horrible. It would be worth another try.We got lucky to get two seats at the bar right away.  We got there around 10:30am. The place filled up very quickly.  Before we got our food a crowd began to form and it looked like it became about 20-30 min wait.  The food was hot and delicious.  The juice was fresh squeezed and amazing.  The service was impeccable as well but remember we were at the bar.  This was perfect for a very short walk from the hotel.Came here for Breakfast for my sister and I birthday! It was amazing!! So tasty, great service, what more could you ask for. Wait goes by fast!! I love it next time we came to New Orleans will be sure to come back!!!Ate here for brunch with friends/co-workers. Really good brunch spot with a relaxed atmosphere. Kinda hard to find since it's located on the side of a shopping plaza. 
Our server was friendly and attentive. I ordered the French toast (so delicious) which was savory and loved the caramel sauce. 
Really recommend for a good brunch spot!First time to try seafood crepe and it was delicious, loaded with shrimp  and crab meet , and dill on the top giving it a different experience, definitely recommend it for breakfast and lunch,y wife had the belt eggwich and she said it is full of flavors and delicious.Stopped by this little joint on the way into the convention center. Really fast service and the food was great!! Servers were quick to refill coffee and the grits were awesome!The dish was presented very well. The decor is super cute and the food was delicious. I will definitely be back.Tried to have breakfast at this restaurant because it was close to my fiancé's conference and it has really good reviews...emphasis on TRIED. 
When we arrived, we were next in line. When it was our turn, however, the server in charge of seating chose to place us in the awkward position of giving up a table to the family behind us and sit at the bar instead. How can we say no to that?! So we went with it. Well, the bar was a little high for my fiancé to reach the table, so we ask the bar area server to be re-seated at the next available table - no big deal as we only saw one other couple waiting after us.
Turns out, by the time a table opened up, the same server in charge of seating had again given up a table promised us to a family with a child. She claims they arrived before we placed our request, but that was totally false, as now there were at least FOUR other couples ahead of this family in line. So she had personally moved the family to the front of the line, bypassing ALL the couples. Worse yet, she got very defensive when we broached the subject, so we just walked out.
So unfortunately, we did not get to sample the food, due to very poor service from one server. This was too bad because all the other servers seemed very nice (although one threatened to unseat us from the bar if we wanted a table - because there were people who would sit at the bar, nevermind we were essentially guilted into taking the bar seats).
So if you go and one of them tries to pull this on you, stand your ground! Having a kid should not automatically jump someone else to the front of the line!After a quick Yelp search for breakfast/brunch, I found Two Chicks.  Upon entering the clean, bright, and modern ambiance, I was welcomed by the friendly, down-to-earth staff. Then comes the food: I got the Under the Sea Omelet, which included a delicious assortment of crab, shrimp, and brie, all all in good portions and cooked to perfection served with the best grits I have ever tasted. That's right: the best. I could go on, but if you are in New Orleans, do yourself a favor and give Two Chicks a visit.Very good breakfast!! I would definitely eat here again. I had the French toast and it was marvelous! I didn't even need syrup.My boyfriend and I needed a place to eat before work and yelp let us here! It was a great experience and the food overall was great! I ordered the veggie Benedict and it was good! The sauce was little overpowering but it was still good in general. The staff was wonderful! Definitely have to come by again to try out other items on the menu!So the service was very good. I think a 4 star rating in this town is so common that to eat at a place without a 4.5 or 5 is just a waste of time. New Orleans is definitely a foodie paradise , I'm a foodie. . ... I would not eat here again solely becasue I know ,for a fact, you can do better in this town without a doubt...Always good and fresh food! Best grits in town.  And the good service makes it better.We have come here two days in a row now. Great food both times and a great atmosphere. Definitely give it a try.The food was great and the service was wonderful.  There food was made from scratch, tasteful , and made with great care. I would highly recommend them to anyone visiting NOLA.We had less than a 5 minute wait on a Sunday morning   The atmosphere is cozy and quaint. The fresh squeezed oj is out of this works and I had the BEST eggs Benedict and mimosa I've ever had! The potatoes are light and perfectly cooked. Everything was seasoned to perfection.Great breakfast spot and we went during the week so it was not crowded at all! Let me tell you, the grits, if you like grits, to die for! I would go back just for the grits! I had eggs, pancakes and sausage which were all good, the pancakes could have been brought out sooner, but that's just me being picky, I prefer my food brought out piping hot . Did I mention the grits were great?!!Great place to start the day. Really good food and great service. Got here relatively early and were seated right away. Our service was fantastic and they were great with kids. We had a couple of omelettes and French toast and the food was fantastic. The entire staff was very friendly and accommodating. I Would definitely recommend this to anyone visiting or in New Orleans.Breakfast service was very slow
Needed to ask for coffee cream, butter, & a fork
Power drinks were great! Eggs Benedict was good -- but not a 5.0 placeSo, ate here for breakfast one morning as it was close to the convention. 
I ordered the seafood omelet with croissant and grits. 
The omelet was descent, the croissant dry and bland, but the grits amazing. I recommend you eat the grits, and go for some eggs and bacon. I think i would go back.Papa's French toast was delicious!! I don't normally like French toast but I decided to try it and I am so glad I did! It was busy and we had a large group but the staff seated us quickly and provided great service!Food was wonderful. I had the traditional Egg Benedict. It was incredibly tasty. Good atmosphere and very friendly service. Highly recommend!Simple and yummy breakfast. Really liked the variety of fresh squeezed juices and smoothies. The crab cake benedict was good and really liked the aioli; just wish the crab cakes were bigger.Absolutely loved this place! Quaint welcoming feel to it, colorful wall murals, and friendly staff were nice complements to the delicious food. I love shrimp and grits, so I ordered their BBQ shrimp and grits, which was delicious and generous enough size, since grits are heavier. There re plenty of yummy options on the menu, which made decision making difficult! Their Moscow Mule was good, as was the bloody mary. My friend had the crab cake Benedict, with which he was very happy. Would come back to this place for sure. Expect a wait, but if you are patient, you won't regret it.Was here for about 12 days for a convention and came here almost every single day, and it was my favorite part of the day. The servers are incredibly friendly and the food was amazing. The first day I had the Papa's French toast, and that's when I fell in love with the place. Never had French toast rolled in corn flakes and that really made it special. Will recommend this place to all that want a nice friendly atmosphere and delicious food.Really enjoyed our breakfast at Two Chicks. I had the Under the Sea omelette and it was delicious. If you enjoy seafood and Brie this is the choice for you! Creamy grits were amazing and the mimosa was delicious as well. Prices were very reasonable. Would definitely visit againGreat atmosphere and style. Ladies running the cafe are delightful. I live a couple blocks away, and the location is convenient for conventioneers and warehouse district residents. 
The menu offers creative and healthful options including juices and smoothies. My egg white turkey & veggie omelet was good. The café breakfast is a familiar and solid breakfast. 
I used to prefer the Community Coffee from the café across the hall from Two Chicks, but now the coffee served at Two Chicks - which also is a local brew- is my fav.I ordered the Hatchery and it was amazing! The goat cheese was so good, I loved it. The service was great and the servers very attentive and friendly. I recommend you go here if you're in the area..wouldn't drive out of my way to come but definitely recommend it!The shrimp and grits were awesome! Best I have had in a long time. My wife and son had the lump crab meat omelette that they like just as well as I like my meal. They had great service and were very friendly. If you want a great breakfast give them a tryOmg! I've been trying to get her for about a year.! Well, it was more than I expected. I heard great things about it, but didn't really think much of it. This is the best kept secret for locals. The tourists are all over this spot... the staff are friendly, and will make sure you chose a dish that you desire. Needless, to say i was torn between the shrimp and grits and the crab cake benedict. That was delicious. We will be back, and will get the shrimp and grits next time. Oh, i want to try one of their juices. They looked yummy! to the parking, but it's worth putting money in a meter, or talking a little hike to get there. You will need to go for a walk after eating. I was thoroughly impressed with Two  Chicks!Great place for lunch or brunch. Their green juices were delicious and very healthy. I had their omelet and their veggie sandwich. Both were delicious. Went there twice during my trip to New Orleans. Great break from eating unhealthy food which often happens when you are on vacation.Do not be put off by the look of the building housing this restaurant. Amazingly fresh and tasty food, complimented by great and friendly staff. Veggie Eggs Benedict is mind blowing. Definitely recommended for breakfast.There are some places that just catch your attention.  Some places that you walk out saying,  I've got to come back.  I didn't have that feeling here. 
Two chicks is a nice little cafe offering a little more than standard fare. 
$7 for a breakfast sandwich without side, not even fruit, is steep. 
I got the barnyard.  Which seemed a bit too simple for my liking but they had me at herb cream cheese so I went with it, indeed it's simple.  The turkey is super thick sliced like country ham.  Wasnt expecting that and honestly could have been better had it been normal deli sliced.  I added tomato and it was a good addition.  It's just too plain.  It needs Arugula or something to perk it up.  Thick sliced turkey with a fried egg slapped on some bread is reminiscent of "what's in my fridge that I can make this morning because I'm too lazy to go to the store". Sounds harsh I know. .. I'm sorry,  well not really.  Honest feedback.  
I would not hesitate to come here if you're in the area but don't go out of your way to try this new establishment.  
I may have to return with a greater appetite for some shrimp and grits. 
The staff are sweet and service was quick even during a relatively busy time.  
I like the layout and appreciate the bar seating for single people like myself.
I left paying $14 and some change + tip, for a breakfast sandwich and a mimosa. I feel like I can get more bang for my buck elsewhere in this city.So far this is my favorite brunch places in the area. Being an European native, food satisfies my " different taste". Service is prompt and the waitresses would go out of their way to accommodate my " picky" needs! Everyone is friendly and smiling regardless how hectic their day might get. I'm definitely coming back to get my day started GREAT on so many levels!!!This is a fantastic breakfast spot. Either some people below don't know what they're talking about, or the owners literally read those reviews and fixed everything. We went here twice on our trip to NOLA. Both times everything was spot on. The ingredients are high quality - the egg yolk was cage free, the iron maiden juice with beets tasted like candy, coffee was fresh, service was excellent and the girls are chatty and friendly. The price is just right - maybe just a tad high but you're between two hotels and the convention center - they could be greedier and still get away with it. Seriously great breakfast foods. Recommend easily.Awesome Cajun eggs benedict with yummy grits!!!! Perfect for lunch...especially when trying to escape the conference center across the way!!We got lunch there at 12 PM. The service was fast and friendly. I got the Caesar salad with shrimp. Shrimp were big and it was delicious.This was the worst grilled cheese I've EVER eaten!! Cheese wasn't melted but my bread was burnt?? Some purple beet looking stuff packed on the "grilled cheese"?? I took one small bite and it was super spicy(I like spicy foods). The server never asked why my sandwich wasn't eaten she just asked if I was finished. I thought yes and yes.This place probably is the best place for breakfast/brunch in this area! Their omelet is just on point!What a great find!  Super cute and sooo good!  Traditional eggs benny!  PERFECTLY cooked egg!  Fresh pressed juice-yum!Delicious Papa's French Toast for me and Pancakes for my son.  The French Toast was topped with bananas & strawberries. So good I could've eaten without syrup.  Bacon was cooked perfectly.  Mimosa was way too strong.  Good service.  Restaurant is decorated very comfortably with an eclectic vibe.Delicious French toast with very attentive service.  We sat at the bar area.  Would certainly go again and try something else.  Everything that we saw looked wonderful and there appeared to be happy diners all around!
Keep up the good work!Absolutely delicious! Such a cute place! Veggie benedict is sooo good! And the fresh juice is a plus!We went here twice and it was lovely both times. I ordered a savoury buckwheat crepe with my choice of ingredients and it was very well made. My husband had a 3 grilled cheese sandwich and it was also very flavourful. They have fresh squeezed juices which I loved, although the lemonade for me was too sweet, but the chia pudding that we ordered for desert was perfectThis was a great find. The flavor in their menu was awesome, best grits hands down in Nola breakfast spots.Very nice place for breakfast. Quick service, good food and reasonable pricing. Great option for warehouse district.The best grits I've ever had...EVER!
Great food, great service, and even better management. I will be visiting every time I come to NOLA. 
Tip: try their Crab Cake Benedict.We went for breakfast 3 times in N.O. (to 3 diff places) and this place was easily the best. service and food were both great!
Really enjoyed the French toast with fresh fruit...Mmmmm!!!!This place is awesome. The food tastes homecooked and seems to use good ingredients. They give you a huge coffee cup which was fun. I had French toast and beacon and loved it.Tried this place because I was too hungry to wait on line elsewhere. I created my own omelette with goat cheese and Gouda, which I will have to try to replicate when I get back home. Husband loved his eggs
With Cajun hollandaise sauce. The best part was the orange juice: fresh-squeezed and amazing.We are first-timers in New Orleans with just 36 hours in town. We chose Two Chicks Café because of the proximity to our AirBnB & the 4.5 star review (out of 45 reviews). Coming from Portland, OR, we have a very high standard for brunch, but I don't think we came in with unrealistic expectations. 
The location is perplexing. It has a cutely decorated interior, but the influx of travelers being picked up by some sort of airport shuttle service, the banging doors on the entrance of whatever building it opens up into, & the random beeping noise were all very distracting & off-putting. I understand this is out of their control though so let's discuss the things they can.
The Green Blast juice (although pricey at $8) was delicious. It was well-balanced & so refreshing after being on the road for the past 6 days & surviving on nothing but fast food. It was exactly what I've been craving. I would have ordered another if I had been asked. 
The food was ok although a little...unrefined. It was as if whomever came up with the menu doesn't have much culinary experience because something like cold bread on a warm sandwich is a no-no. All of the ingredients on my Hatchery sandwich tasted like cooking spray or margarine which my tastebuds haven't had in a long time so it was super obvious. I also don't understand the diced tomatoes on a sandwich. Sliced tomatoes would have worked better because they would have actually stayed in my sandwich.
You cannot call something "Traditional Eggs Benedict" & not serve it on an English muffin. I know it's just semantics, but come on now. And the poached eggs were way too small for their croissant/ham vessel so most bites were eggless.
The Chia Pudding was really tasty although it would have been nice to have a little more "fresh fruit" than a few small slices of banana.
The service was also sub-par & not particularly friendly. As a newer small business, I feel like the service should make up for any minor infractions & it definitely didn't.
All in all, we were disappointed that we had squandered one of our precious meals by taking a chance on this place. However, it was nice to not wait or deal with crowds on a Saturday morning. It was probably more of a 2.5 star review, but I couldn't justify rounding up to 3.Best Mimosas I've had for brunch. The Andouille sausage was on point. Cute brunch date place.We looked up a breakfast place around us since we are staying around the corner, it was delicious I had the chickin omelet, my son had the omelet with crab meat that was so amazing and good! My husband had the shrimp and grits and OMG that was amazing forget everything else even though all is good but the flavor on the s/g was AMAZING!!! So it came time to orders toddler and apple juice and they press all their juice right in front of you and no water added just pure apple juice. Staff is very friendly!    
A week later almost I have had the shrimp and grits at the ruby slipper sand emerils as well as other local places and nothing compares to this place!!!Came here on a Saturday morning and only had to wait 20 minutes. Had great service from the bartender and our server Madison was very attentive and gave us everything we wanted before we even had to ask!Had a nice breakfast there. Their crabcake benedict with an interesting twist on hollandaise - mustard based. it was good. Also, service was good and friendly.
Coffee is served in huge mug. will be backWhile upon approach it appears the location is on the lobby level of condos or offices when you sit down to eat it feels quite cozy. Loved the fresh squeezed oj, we got the cornflake French toast and it was super! Fresh berries and quick service. Even if there is a small wait totally worth it.This is a solid place for breakfast with very friendly and fast service. I had the build your own omelette with grits and toast. The omelette was huge and fluffy and the grits were excellent - moist but not too watery with a great buttery taste. 
They kept my coffee cup full and even offered a to go cup after paying my check. 
What a great find!Two Chicks is A FANTASTIC taste of NOLA. We loved the service and the food. It's light on atmosphere,  but that was ok with us.I've been here twice,  and it just gets better. Friendly staff, quick service, and welcoming atmosphere. I had the Chicken Club Sandwich, let me tell you it's yummy till the last bite. Orange mint sweet tea is ok, but the best of all is the Paloma (tequila, grapefruit soda, lime) it's like a little piece from Mexico.In NOLA for a couple days and wanted some "local" food. The reviews on Two Chick's Cafe suggested this was the pkace and were spot on regarding overall quality. We had the Buckwheat savory crepe with andouille sausage as well as Kicking Chicken Omelet with white sangria and coffee. The Buckwheat crepe was rich yet balanced with the text of the Buckwheat crepe. Add the Andouille spice and what a plate full of goodness. The Kicking chicken was filling and full of great taste and yummy. Great service and nice atmosphere.Truly delicious breakfast and great service!  My son & I happened upon Two Chicks from our Warehouse District hotel, and you should, too!  BBQ Shrimp & Creamy Grits were amazing, and coffee is perfect.  My 14 yr-old greatly enjoyed his eggs, bacon, fruit, toast & smoothie.  We were fortunate to meet one of the "Two Chicks", Iwana, on the 1st anniversary of their opening; she and her staff are delightful.  Check it out!This place exceeded our expectations for a simple cafe. Do their "build your own" omelette with crab meat, sausage, and cheeses, with a side of grits with a very reasonable price. Highly recommended for breakfast/lunch.We had breakfast there. It was really good quality food for a good price. I had the Traditional Benedict and it was delicious. OJ was fresh squeezed. I highly recommend for a quick and tasty meal.Quaint little startup serving breakfast every day in the warehouse district.  They put out a good product and filled a need in the WHD.  As a result, I think their sudden success caught them by surprise.  They are quickly hiring up and fine tuning their food supply/demand.  Overall, we love it, and are happy to have a new, independent small business startup in our neighborhood.  The girls are so friendly, and the food is fresh, delicious, and creative.Loved the cheesy grits here. Great lunch option if you're attending a conference in town.Amazing food!! There was a little wait but definitely worth it. The service was great. The fresh squeezed OJ was amazing! Definitely a must try if your in the area.This is a nice low key restaurant with good quality food and friendly staff. Their breakfast menu has a good variety, the usual egg dishes and some sweet options. The food was good, just not presented very fancy. The waitress were attentive but not pushy or anything.Great place to eat! The fresh squeezed orange juice is delicious and the grits are yummy.It was good, but not mind blowing. It was a cute little place, but being open to a building that is loading people to and from the cruise ship, kinda loses something. But with that being said, if that is why you are then it's probably the best choice. We were staying at the Hilton and this was in walking distance so we thought we would check it out, but next time I'd probably pass. Hotel breakfast buffet omelet was just as good. I had the veggie crepe, which was decent. My husband had the shrimp and grits which was really spicy and we like spice. My daughter had the kids pancakes which were fine. The food is presented nice...Great breakfast. Veggie Benedict with Cajun hollandaise very good. Belt (blt plus egg) very good.The food was just okay. I had much higher hopes for this place; on the other hand, the service and wait staff is friendly.Everything I ordered (including juice mix) was absolutely delicious, service was outstanding and I will defiantly come back. Yammy!This was convenient and such an nice place. The workers there are friendly and treated my fiancé and I like we were at home. The food was great clean and I just love the grits.Found this place on Yelp looking for nearby breakfast places. The place was full when we got there, but a table quickly opened up. So many things looked good, it was hard to decide what to order. Extra points for the server's patience while I was trying to make that decision. I had the Veggie Sandwich which had just the right amount of goat cheese along with piping hot vegetables on very fresh wheat bread. My friends ordered the BBQ Shrimp and Grits and the Crab Cake Benedict,  and we all ordered Papa's French Toast. Everyone loved their food, but I was especially impressed by the grits. We also tried two of the fresh juice combinations which were very refreshing. All the employees we encountered were helpful and courteous. We all decided we would definitely return.I really liked this place. Cafe atmosphere, nice waitstaff
Good food and that makes me happy!After gorging the previous day on good ol southern heavy Cajun food,  I was in need of some healthier food. This place was the bomb. Amazingly fresh, green, healthy meal choices as well as juices. Any place that serves breakfast all day is right up my alley. Their salads were delicious and nice entree sized.
Relatively small local business so you may have to wait in line for a seat. Be patient, it goes by fast and you won't regret it. 
Staff was attentive and friendly. 
Just across the convention center inside a building.From Dc. I had frech toast and quinoa salade. I visited there becase of high rate. But from my experience was not good what I expected.
First of all this restaurant is located near conference center which is good, but this restaurant is quite old,outdated including silverware... The bathroom was outside of the restaurant.
About quinoa salade, I ordered them becasue I like quinoa but it turned out there were not much quinoa... disappointing. But french toast was pretty good. I dont understand why they have high review.So good! This quiet and unassuming spot has the most scrumptious food. I enjoyed it so much I went there twice during my stay in New Orleans. I would have gone a third time but it was closed on Monday. I had their under the sea omelet which came with toast and grits. I had grits in four places in New Orleans and Two Chicks was the creamiest and most delicious. They also had fresh made juices to cleanse my over indulged body. Make sure to stop by if you're ever in the area. Oh and the service is top notch!This place was really cozy, and had a nice atmosphere. Two Chicks was clean, and the staff was  friendly. They had fresh juice options, and a great menu that had some of the best salads I have ever had.
The convention center is right around the corner and very easy to get to. They have gluten free options, and healthy tasty menu all together.This restaurant is excellent! It's adorable and chic, the food is delicious and the service was great! I had the chicken panini and it was EXCELLENT. I would definitely give this place a shot.I and my girlfriend went for breakfast today, having read rave reviews of their breakfast menu; our dining experience may not have been the norm, as the place was only serving their lunch menu today.
That said, it seemed that their kitchen was dramatically overworked -- food took almost 40 minutes to come out from the time it was ordered and, when it arrived, was cold (grilled cheese sandwich where the grilled cheese has re-solidified isn't as delicious).
Food was still decent, and you can tell that on a less crowded day it would be excellent; that said, I can't give high praise to a place this overrun on a weekday morning.If you don't try this spot...you're a fool!   AMAZING !!!
French Toast is Great...service is wonderful and OJ is fresh squeezed in front of you.   
Make sure you visit.Came here for brunch and wasn't disappointed. Plenty of options, even gluten-free. I had the vegetable buckwheat and egg crepe, which was delicious and hearty. They offer fresh squeezed juices, smoothies, and alcoholic breakfast beverages. 
The space is small but they fit a good amount of tables plus the dozen seats at the bar. Service is friendly. The kitchen is clean, which I saw from my seat at the bar.What a fun place and charming atmosphere. Very welcoming. Cool to watch them blend your juice. Service was quick and with a smile. Just lovely. I had a traditional breakfast but enjoyed every tasty morsel.Cute place with pretty painted walls and nice flowery decor. I had the veggie Benedict which was good, my friend enjoyed her omelet but neither were spectacular. The staff wasn't overly friendly but they were helpful enough.First time to eat at this small quaint establishment. Ate here for breakfast and had the make your own omelette with shrimp,crab, spinach and mushroom. My husband had the seafood omelette, kids had the cinnamon and vanilla pancakes with strawberry, and a egg, potatoes and sausage platter. Very good food; best grits we've tasted. I gave this place 4 stars coz the crab meat in my omelette was lacking. I tasted more shrimp than the crab.Great food with healthy and delicious options and a really cute feel. Had an amazing smoothie and the crab cake Benedict was very tasty. Impressed that the side fruit was all strawberries, rather than the mellon I'm used to getting as a fruit side.
Wonderful and friendly service. They were out of banana for the smoothie I ordered and offered several options for substitutes and it came out delicious. Towards the end of our meal they let me know they had gotten more bananas and offered to remake the smoothie - unnecessary because the first one was great.We were glad we made the walk to Two Chicks. We heard the CCB was awesome, and this wasn't an exaggeration. I had the CCB and Julianna the shrimp and grits. She liked her dish very much. The Bloody Mary was solid too. They use Daisy Dukes mix. The service was good too. The only drawback was the location, which was a bit from the sights (near Convention Center). This was a great place to finish our trip to NOLA.The food was amazing. You could definitely taste that the food was made with fresh ingredients. The prices were fair and it was great to getaway from the hustle of the french quarter.Great spot for coffee and hearty breakfast! Cozy and close to the conference center! Service was great, coffee was great!Food was great. I had the kickin chicken omelette and my boyfriend had the build your own omelette. The grits were to die for. I also had the green smoothie which was tasty as well. Service and food we're great. A nice little hidden gem close to our hotel and away from touristy French quarter.Great grits and food!!! Yummy!! Price are reasonable also it's a quiet location. Food was cooked well and freshWhen folks found out that I was heading to NOLA this weekend, " Oh, you've GOT to eat at Two Chick " was the response. So, imagine my dissapointment when my girlfriends and I arrived to find it closed, not for the day, but the weekend. So, I find it ironic that one of the most popular diners in New Orleans is closed during one of the city's most popular events,  one which brings huge revenue to the city of New Orleans, Essence Festival. Come to find out from locals, the owners do this every year during the music festivals. Maybe they believe that all money isn't #disgusting #disappointedTourist
FYI-- the pizzeria is rude AF. THEY JUST WANT THE TWO CHICKS  MONEY... my last time coming here, too.Wonderful place, the French toast was awesome, ambience very pleasant, service was terrific. A great alternative to the big chains and tourist traps.In town for the National Beta convention, found this jewel for brunch our first day. Great cafe atmosphere, was greeted immediately.  The food was to our table in a very timely span.  The food itself was incredible.  I had the original Benedict, eggs Benedict over a light buttery croissant, the ham was perfect, not salty nor over cooked like you get too many times, the eggs perfectly poached, hollandaise to die for.  My son had the French toasts, I'll just put it this way he wasn't sharing and he cleaned the plate, a rarity.  If you are in NOLA and near the convention center don't miss Two Chicks Cafe.I'm visiting from out of town and this cafe was only 6 blocks from my hotel. Service was phenomenal, the food was as destined in the reviews (I got the under the sea omelette), and their bottomless lemonade was just the right amount of sweet. I'll definitely be back for brunch to try the shrimp grits before I leave. Their grits were the bomb (I usually despise grits but I didn't want to waste any this time. I now understand why people like grits)
This was a great dine in experienceMy daughter and I had breakfast here this morning - YUM! I built my own omelet, she had the  seafood crepe and we split the french toast. All were excellent, not a crumb left over! The grits are super awesome, some of the best I've had! Two Chicks goes on my list of places to return to when I come back to NOLA!Excellent eggs benny! Perfect place for weekend brunch. Convention center prices but you know, it's NOLA.Thanks again fellow Yelpers! Had a veggies omelet with spinach mushrooms green onion and gruyere cheese, and Cheesy grits... And WOW!
Also tried the kale, ginger, lime, apple juice tastes great. Perfect pick me up! Highly recommend especially so close to this side of the convention center. 2 minute walk from the Hilton Garden Inn. Also beats the hotel buffet any day!Awesome brunch place. Try the Farmhouse Omelet with Turkey if your a fan of Gouda cheese it's so good! Service was a bit slow, I waited awhile to pay while my waitress was busy everywhere else. You'd think she would want to get me out of there so they could turn over the table. But I still give them a 4 for the food.This was a great place (breakfast), there was a short wait (10 minutes) around 9:30am/Sunday but reasonable price and very quick serviceEverything here is simply delicious. This is our breakfast stop every time we come to New Orleans and today was no exception. Today I tried something different, a conventional breakfast,. Bacon , eggs and multi grain toast was perfect. The grits, the grits are creamy and tasteful and I love GRITs!  Worth your trip!Awesome place! Had a create your own omelet, eggs whites with crab...DELISH!  Huge bowl of strawberries on the side, super fresh and ripe!  Great service as well.Excellent shrimp & crab omelet, grits, and BBQ shrimp grits!! Freshly squeezed orange juice was the icing on the cake!!Flew in the day after Mardi Gras and just wanted a place to grab a quick bite before heading to the airbnb and glad we did.  There was a bit of a wait on a Wednesday afternoon so I took that as a good sign!  After about 10 minutes or so we were seated so it wasn't too bad.  For my entree I had a veggie omelette with a side of cheesy grits and a pancake instead of toast.  I was pleasantly surprised by the option to have a single pancake on the side as I usually have a hard time deciding between sweet and savory at breakfast time.  The food was delicious, inexpensive, and very filling.  I also had a fresh squeezed apple juice with ginger which was also very good.  The service was great as well, my only reason for not giving this place 5 stars is that there was an uncleaned spill on the floor and the ambiance is a bit "eh".The BBQ shrimp & grits are outstanding! Friendly staff and owner Lauren is GREAT. I will definitely return.I had the chicken panini. It was delicious!  Also had the green juice.  Very tasty.  Would highly recommend!I had the BBQ Shrimp and Grits! The shrimp was so well seasoned and the grits were so creamy and well done. Its served with garlic toast as well. The mimosas are incredible too! When I go back, I think I want to try the crawfish toastThis little gem was so fantastic and unique that it inspired me to create a Yelp account and leave my first review. Great food, simple and home made, very "from scratch" feel to the whole establishment. Easily the best grits I've had in the whole city. I had eggs with sautéed veggies over a fresh croissant with sliced fruit and it was phenomenal. 
 The staff is incredibly friendly and warm, the portions are reasonable and the most expensive breakfast option was just over $10. The chairs are piecemeal and look like refurbished antique store finds, the menus are printed on different colored designs, and the coffee cups are all one of a kind. I feel like I just had breakfast at my grandmother's house. 
I will definitely be back, and not nearly soon enough.They have the best iced coffee! I tried one of the breakfast sandwiches, although they ran out of bread they made it on a croissant and it was everything I could ever want!WOW incredible food. The bbq shrimp and grits here was probably my favorite thing that I ate in NOLA. A roommate had told me to get shrimp and grits before leaving NOLA and I'm glad I got to try it per his recommendation.
The chia seed pudding was a nice breakfast option if you're feeling heavy from a weekend of nonstop eating: super fresh sweet blueberries topping off a generous portion of vanilla pudding and chia.
Generous coffee refills and they boxed our things up quickly as we were in a rush and their kitchen was running behind. Despite that mini lag, I'm super glad we tried this place. Service was extremely hardworking but they could definitely use an extra hand. GREAT location next to the convention center. They offer takeout orders if you're short on time.This is my favorite breakfast spot in all of New Orleans. After living in New Orleans for a decade, I've eaten at a ton of spots but Two Chicks Cafe always wins for breakfast/brunch. The shrimp and grits are ridiculously delicious. It is definitely a heavy meal so prepare yourself, but it is one of the tastiest foods you can ever eat. OH MY GOD. I seriously dream about it and crave it. While I'm obsessed with the shrimp and grits, you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu; the omelets are awesome (and I rarely recommend ordering omelets), the drinks are divine, the biscuits, all of it! Its a bit of an odd location for locals since its by the convention center and tends to attract a tourist and especially the cruise ship crowd, but if you're a local and haven't tried this spot yet...GO AND EAT THERE. You won't regret it.Went with a group of 8 people during brunch on a Sunday. Staff was friendly and accommodating! Food was delicious - not a single person at our table had a complaint. Speedy service, yet we didn't feel rushed to get out. Definitely a lovely experience and we're looking forward to our next brunch date here!My friends and I came here for the last meal of our Bachelorette weekend, and we could not get enough of the wonderful food! 
First off the wait staff was fantastic. There was a short wait for a table but everything was well organized and we were seated in no time. Then we had a bit of confusion in the planning and more people showed up than we had room for at our table. They moved us to a set of window tables and got chairs for everyone. We really appreciated them understanding. 
All of us shared food so we could try it all and we agreed that the crab eggs Benedict was the best dish we got with the bbq shrimp and grits in a close second. The cheese grits that came as a side with most of the dishes was delicious. We agreed they tasted like Mac and cheese. 
The drinks were fantastic as well. They said that the mimosas were just normal OJ and champagne, but they were very sweet and we could swear we tasted honey in them. The Bloody Mary was killer too! Love the mason jar serving style. 
I highly recommend this restaurantThis place is so cute. I loved the atmosphere and the staff was very friendly. My husband and I both ordered the chicken panini and it was amazing. If I could change one thing, I wish they served breakfast all day. The service was really fast which I appreciated. I would recommend going!Terrible. Couldn't even get in the door
It was extremely unorganized. Never have I seen a restaurant with a line trying to see a hostess. That's the point of the job, to take names and of how many people so they will inform you of when, where, and how long it will be til your sat. None of that here, it was a line of people looking and waiting for the next opportunity for a table comes up. Got so fed up with the disorganization and unprofessionalism we left. I'm sure the food is great, just get the front of the house straightGreat service and the food was delicious. A short walk from the convention center and way better food. The grown up grilled cheese had pickled beats and bacon. It was delicious! The people there really care, it's refreshing!Great service, delicious coffee and food. Food was quick and served hot. I had the the shrimp and grits, yum! Very very good grits.I expected too much. Lively fresh concept but execution of a poached egg is not done well. See image of runny egg. Disappointed in the boiled potatoes. With breakfast skillet fries are more appropriate. Maybe I shouldn't expect so much. My bad.The Crab Cake Benedict was AMAZING! Fresh squeezed orange juice and delicious bloody Mary's make this a must stop NoLa!Great breakfast! I ordered the iron chick, my husband had coffee and we split the crab cakes Benedict. We left happy and full.Came here for brunch before work and it was so worth it.
If you get there early enough you can get seated right away and be out in under an hour. The food came out super fast and the staff is very attentive.
LOVED the Thai Shrimp Poboy. It's our favorite Poboy in New Orleans.
And the Cajun Sandwich with andouille sausage, gouda, pickles, and creole mustard. (I scraped some of the mustard off, because it was a little too much for my first meal of the day)
A very hearty and satisfying breakfast that kept us going through lunch until the evening.Hands down one of New Orleans best brunch spots.  While the location is on the smaller side, the staff was very attentive and provided amazing customer service.  
The BBQ shrimp and grits were delicious.  The omlets were tasty and they did not skimp on the chicken and shrimp.  The juices were fresh and the homemade jam was. To die for.Two Chicks Cafe was different. In a good way. I checked out the menu online before going and found a few different things I'd like to try. One I got there the menu was so small. I was shocked. It's small but clean. I had a couple sitting to the left of me who left because they informed my waitress they had been sitting there 15 mins. & received no service. First they give you a glass of tap water. No biggie I guess. Then you order your food. I asked for the pancakes. It was topped with bananas and strawberries. 3 nice size pancakes came out. I didn't order a drink just stuck with the water. My total was under $20, so that's always a good thing. I watched other guest ask where he restroom was and they handed them a wood block with a key attached. They had to walk out and then down a hallway to reach it. The restroom ordeal is the only reason they didn't receive 5 stars.Stumbled across this funky cafe while on a break from a convention across the street.  Great food, good service and inexpensive! Would highly recommend!!!This is a great breakfast place! A lot newer and cleaner than most places in New Orleans. They have amazing healthy breakfast choices. The green smoothie and juices were delicious.  The yogurt parfait was surprising large and the french toast was one of the best I have ever had. I lovedddddd everything here and will absolutely be back if I am ever in town.This place is a must if you enjoy superb food, great flavor combinations, and excellent service!  The atmosphere and clinate are both artsy and calming. Spoke with one of the owners and she was very personable and friendly! The pancakes are amazing and the cinnamon and vanilla are balanced just right. The grits were hot and creamy and flavorful. The eggs were cooked exactly liked I asked and the bacon excellent as well.  I added the andouille sausage as a side and it was the best I had down here. Cooked just right and with the right amount of spice. The service was exceptional and prompt! CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!Very tasty. Had the shrimp and grits and a friend had the crab melt. Both were great. Staff was super nice as well. Definitely recommend!Best meal I've had since arriving in NOLA. Creative, fresh, and healthy!  Fresh juices from the juicer and OJ squeezed when you order it. A full menu for breakfast, brunch and lunch. Regional favorites with a twist. Spicy eggs Benedict sauce is excellent. Can't believe I'm gonna say it - excellent grits.This place was amazing! The grits were delicious & I loved the mimosa, the sweet crepes and kicken chicken omelette as well as the incredible service ! 
Definitely a must try!Found this place while on our never-ending quest for breakfast spots. I did not realize that it would  be so busy, but there was a fairly long line. The restaurant  is on the small side, but they have utilized the space well. Once seated, service was friendly but on the slow side. Today, we both tried omlets, but the French Toast and the shrimp and grits looked very promising. The coffee  was delicious. I did  have to send my grits back because they were cold, but they came back piping  hot. I do say that I did prefer the potatoes my wife had more than the grits though. There was also an option to have fresh  fruit as a side. I very much enjoyed  this spot and will definitely  be back.I really want to give 5 stars. But it wasn't pure perfection. 
I had the BBQ shrimp and grits. The flavor was lovely but the spicy sauce on top looked very oily the entire time I was eating it. I love oil as much as the next person, but it is a tad disturbing.
I had the refuel (cucumber, carrot, apple, ginger, lime) juice and it was good. Very cucumber-y [almost too much so for my taste buds. where's the ginger zing?].
Also got a fresh squeezed orange juice to go. expensive! I would have liked more tiny seeds strained out of the juice...and for the juice to have more sugar & no ice (funny because I'm usually the person who adds water to my orange juice to make it less potent). Of course I wouldn't want added sugar after I watched their orange juicer fresh squeeze the oranges....but maybe different oranges? I do love their orange juice machine, really cool looking!Really delighted to find the diamond in the rough. Cafe breakfast cooked perfectly and great choices. Very friendly wait staff. Eclectic menu to satisfy vegan to meat eater customer. Hidden in the parking building close to the convention center.This little place was awesome! So cute and quaint! The food was great and the service was too. Madison was great! I think we  will be back tomorrow:)Using my yelp app to find different places to eat worked out well this morning.  Me and my bestie are back in New Orleans and I've done the "touristy" resturants. So I found Two Chicks with some great comments and 4-5 stars. I had the shrimp and grits with a pancake on the side. It was so full of flavor and the grits were a consistancy I've never had before. It was so amazing, I wish I could come here everyday! The resturant sits across from a coffee bar. I say that because the place is small and you might have to wait for a table. It is well worth the wait, and I highly recommend it!  Enjoy my foodie friendsVery nice place. It is on the small side so you may have to wait. It isn't the typical in your face New Orleans decor you get other places. Wish I found it before I had eaten in the hotel for breakfast the last 2 days. The owners are there working. They are really friendly as is the rest of the staff. The food was really good. I tried on of their smoothies, the Chick and it was good. I also had the French toast and it was really good as well. Overall I would recommend this place for breakfast. I haven't had lunch there.Mapping shows it to be farther from the convention center than it is. Cross street is Diamond.
Food is fresh with healthy and not so healthy choices. I have ordered the egg Benedict twice. Eggs are done just right and it served on a croissant. Not soggy. Fresh squeezed OJ. They also have other blended juices. They also have vegetarian options. 
Today I switched it up with French Toast. It comes fresh fruit and was on point.
Definitely will be my go to breakfast spot in NOLAHad brunch here with a friend and we had the Crab Cake Benedict and the Veggie Benedict and it was delicious! The hollandaise sauce was really good and the croissant it was on was so crispy. Stumbled upon this place at the last second on yelp and I'm glad we did. The service was great, our server was nice and the food came out quickly. It was a cute little place and I would come to eat there again.If breakfast is your favorite meal then, unless you live in New Orleans, stay away from Two Chicks! Their breakfast is so good it will totally ruin your breakfast experience anywhere else! I may not ever eat breakfast again until I return to New Orleans. If you ever get the chance to eat at Two Chicks pack your patience because the restaurant is quite small and there's always a wait unless you get there early in the morning. Make sure you order the grits, they are the best in the land!My wife and I were looking for a breakfast place when we stumbled on this gem.  The eggs were perfect.  The vegetables and fruit were fresh and delicious.  My wife loved the coffee and the service was great.  We went back again on our last day in New Orleans and still loved it.  This is our new breakfast place when we visit our daughter at Tulane!Amazing! My wife and I both loved it. We had the Traditional Eggs Benidict  and the Farm House Omlet.  Both were excellent.  The Cresent and Hollandaise Sauce on the Eggs Benidict  we perfect. But the best part of the breakfast was the French Toast. I would cut a piece and dip it in the surup and add a piece of fruit. Good job!!The food was good here, the grits were great. I give this place a 3 star because the staff that handled our table was rude! After waiting for our order almost an hour! We asked how much longer our food will take, so that he can check, perhaps the order got lost. The waiter replied with "no" he also added "you saw when you got here the tables were full, so I don't know" talk about customer service, this guy had none! Owners seriously need to look into this, this guy had an attitude problem. I honestly don't want people like that handling my food.I went in to Two Chicks Cafe hoping for an exciting experience. My breakfast from the day before elsewhere really had me down.  I was a little skeptical when we walked into this hole in a wall place that smelled a bit odd at first. None the less I had heard great things and that's what I expected. Needless to say they succeeded. The portions are large at a fair price. I left stuffed. 
It's a pretty short menu. When you do what you know well it doesn't take much more. I had the kickin chicken omelette and my better half had the traditional benedict (ham substituted for bacon).  We shared a green blast fresh squeezed juice. 
To begin the juice was far from one of those overpowering vegetable juices like v8. It was blended with vegetables and well complemented by sweet apple juice. The ginger added that extra hint of flavor. I actually wished I had this healthy drink every day. 
The kickin chicken omelette was huge. It was filled with chicken smothered in goat cheese. The salsa on top was homemade. I was expecting something a little different. It was chunky more like large dices of tomatoes. 
I did have one bite of the benedict. The Cajun hollandaise really pulled everything together and I thoroughly enjoyed the perfectly cooked bacon. By perfectly I mean chewy with some crispness. If you like your bacon well done be sure to mention so. 
If you are only getting one side skip the roasted potatoes with bellpeppers. They lacked flavor. Go with the creamy grits. 
An overall win.Breakfast was great at this little spot. We got there just before a line started to form and were able to be seated right away. We ordered a smoothie and the green blast juice which was delish! For our meals we got the crab cake Benedict and a make your own omelet with crab and veggies. The crab cake Benedict was good but a bit too much mustard in the sauce, overpowered the rest of the flavored. Rest was good and love that they don't use just normal old biscuits. My omelet was well cooked and with a good amount of chunky crab meat :) We did have to wait quite a while for our food to finally come out, at least 30 min if not more, but food was good and staff was great!Cute little tucked away cafe perfect for a delicious breakfast. Located right next to the convention center. Had a short wait when we got there but understandable since it's such a small cafe. Ordered the Traditional Benedict, but wasn't a big fan of their hollandaise sauce. Their grits on the other hand were super delicious. Would definitely recommend. All of their drinks come in mason jars which was a cute touch. All in all, this cafe was definitely a solid find.Omg!!!!! The best corn flake French toast I've ever had in life. I was not expecting the food to be so darn good. But that reach toast blew me away!!!! I defended wishes we would have gone back before we left New Orleans. I will be visiting this place the next time I am in town.After traveling to visit my sister for some much needed r and r, we needed a quick refuel before hitting the wet roads for a long drive home. Without a lot of time to wait in line for one of the well known NOLA brunch spots we would normally roll into, we opted for something new. We were lucky to find free parking outside the front of the restaurant. Upon entering, the farm fresh hippy chic decor gave us a good vibe for what was to come. We looked over the menu to find a delightful array of lunch and breakfast choices. We ordered two breakfast dishes and one lunch item. Chicken omelette and veggie omelette were stellar. The Thai Poboy was recommended but not as enjoyable. I recommend the grits over the potatoes as a side. Staff is friendly, atmosphere comfortable and prices decent. Check it out if you are in the mood for a quick and decent meal!Had a great breakfast here this morning. The Crab cakes Benedict on a croissant with a side of grits were perfect. The egg was cooked just right, with plenty of yolk to spread out and add to the hollandaise. The grits were creamy and rich, it almost tasted like they were cooked with cream instead of water. 
Add to all of that the fresh squeezed orange juice screwdriver, great way to start the day!I usually don't write reviews, but this place absolutely deserves my recognition. The menu has lot's of options, the staff is beyond friendly, the food is amazing, and the overall environment is very pleasant. From the way it's decorated, to the way the plates are presented, to the wide variety of background music, it sure makes you stay a little longer than what you usually would. It's actually a great way to start your day. Tasty food + morning smiles! Thank you Girls!The place to go for great breakfast and great service if you're around the convention center. Andouille sausage with scrambled eggs, toast and fruit... I wish I could get this back home!This restaurant food is amazingly good. I had the " Hatchery " breakfast sandwich. It truly tantalized my tongue. I met one of the owners and informed her that I truly loved my meal.Nous sommes allés déjeuner deux fois et ce fut tout aussi bon d'une fois à l'autre. Beau choix de menu et bon service. Nous le recommandons.I love that breakfast is served all day.  The eggs were prepared just the way I ordered and the grits are creamy and delicious.  It was so good that I went back the next day.Had breakfast 2 times there in my last stay in New Orleans! Small place but great food and service! There is usually a line but the wait is ok (10-15 min). We tried the Vegetarian Benedicts, the French toast, the Hatchery sandwich, all so yummy and good sized portions! They were able to accommodate one baby in our table and were all very nice to her!  The price is reasonable and the decor is so cute and charming, loved it!
Would love even more if they had capuccino but coffee was good.Fun, friendly breakfast and lunch spot. Delicious spicy Thai Po boy &  Homemade lemonade.Visited Two Chicks Cafe for lunch because of its close proximity to the Conference Center.  Its a cozy cafe with a shabby-chic decor......food + service were both excellent.   I couldn't visit the south without having some grits (as southern as my grandma's drawl), so I selected their shrimp and grits.  This shrimp was flavorful and the combination quite delightful.   My first shrimp and grits but definitely not my last.  I recommend this cute cafe and will definitely visit again upon my next trip to NOLA.During our four days in the Central Business District we are three meals here, and they were open three days during that time!  Awesome chill atmosphere with chic decor (think pallets, daisies, ball jars, farm wood), laid back but awesome servers with plenty of recommendations for the best record stores around, etc. I cannot say enough good things about the fresh OJ and the BBQ shrimp and grits for breakfast. Best thing I had to eat in NOLA!Super super terrific. Amazing service- really went above and beyond to accommodate our tables' needs. Had the under the sea omelette; it was fantastic. Smoothies were fresh and good. Coffee is really good. Again, service was very great and food was healthy, fresh and delicious. Also, they have kombucha. Winner.Sunday morning at 9:30am, party of two. Server quoted us a 10-15 minute wait, but it was only five minutes. Grits are fantastic! Portion size is perfect. We sat at the bar and weren't crowded, plus the service up there is remarkably attentive. Bathroom is shared with the hotel and requires a whopper of a key chain like you're in a gas station, so that's kind of weird. Nice casual breakfast spot. Beware of the Bloody Mary, it's the bottle Daisy Dukes mix and awful. Stick with the cucumber lemonade, it's a treat!Was not worth the hype or the wait. I sat at the bar and my food arrived pretty quickly. The food was average but the service was pretty decent. The coffee was superb. I was a little concerned about the waitress putting the fingers into the fruit without gloves but hey I won't get anything  with fruit.Awesome omelette! But more amazing thing is their fresh squeezed juice. One with apple grapefruit, and ginger will help you start the day!The food is pretty basic. My homegirl had BBQ shrimp and grits that she said was excellent. I had an omelette with ham, turkey and spinach that was satisfying along with a pancake. Nice atmosphere and service was good. Kept my water full. The bacon was crisp like I like.OMG! This place is a hidden gem! Its a small place, but really worth the wait. There were 6 of us and we each had something different and it was all good! The fresh orange juice is the bomb! You must have it! The eggwiches, yum! We had all 3! The hatchery was mine and I did not want to share, but I did and tried the other 2 as well. They were all great and had amazing flavors that went together! The grits were great too!! The owners are very nice & friendly. you can't go wrong here.I was expecting it to be all hype but I actually really loved the food here! I had the farmhouse omelet which was delicious! And my friend chose to build an omelet. He also had the grits (grits are often a hit or miss when eating out) and although they were hot enough to burn his tongue, he said he couldn't stop eating them because they were so good! I'll be backThis fine establishment is owned by two women! Need I say more? Perfect farm to table feel. You can get fresh juice, fresh brewed coffee, or hearty breakfast and lunch. From crepes to omelets to sandwiches and salads. They can meet the needs of vegetarians, carnivores, oh and lushes too as there is a bar.I was staying across from the convention center and ate breakfast here two days in a row. Food, service and the smoothies all great. Since I was attending a conference Terence at the convention center it was really convenient and great start to the day. Love to go back for lunchThe food was really good, we got the French toast and the crab cake eggs benedict with the grits. The grits are amazing, they are so creamy and def worth getting.Small place but good fresh food. Not a large menu but def can find something you like. Hubbie had Papa's French toast which has a crispy coating of corn flakes & he really liked that. I had eggs, taters, sausage & grain toast. All fresh made for a reasonable price.Delicious.  We were weary and starving after flying into town, and this was just down the street from our hotel.  We opted for breakfast for lunch, and it was an excellent decision.  I had an omelet with andouille and Gouda and my daughter had plate-sized buttermilk pancakes.  My grits were thick, buttery, and creamy.   Thank you, Two Chicks.  We are refreshed and have a second wind!