I love love this place! Fresh squeezed orange juice, the BEST rye bread ever and shall I mention the creamy grits are amazing! The breakfast is always fresh! This is definitely my favorite breakfast place in Nola! I look forward to eating here...they play the best music and the decor is so cheery!Love this place! Juice was amazing- got the Iron Chick and Refuel. Chia pudding and grits were also delish! Great place if you are seeking gluten free...and also if you're not!We ate here twice when we were visiting New Orleans because we liked it so much. 
It's a friendly little café good food and good prices. Portions are quite large. I was not able to finish my meal. But it was delicious! 
I would definitely check this place out if you're in the area!By far the best French toast I've ever had.  The service was great too.  Not very crowded either for a Sunday morning.I'll admit, this wasn't my first choice.  When I travel work or pleasure, I frequently rely on restaurants that tend to have a large following with good reviews.  This place didn't have that, only because it's a new location.  However, their sister property does have a number of 4- and 5-Star reviews.  This place is solid!  The staff is very friendly and attentive, and the actual dining area is very homey/cozy.  That's not a nice way of saying tiny or crammed, it just has that hometown feel.  There wasn't anything on the breakfast menu that really gave me the "Only in New Orleans" or southern feel, but since we got there around 11 am, the lunch menu was also in effect.  The Cajun Sandwich was screaming my name.  With andouille sausage, a thick slice of smoked Gouda cheese, creole mustard, and sliced pickles on a ciabatta role, this sandwich more than satisfied my craving.  Two friends that accompanied me got a shrimp Po-Boy and chicken sandwich, which they also rated very well.  I also experienced my first mimosa with grapefruit juice, which was pretty amazing.  Bottom line, get your ass in there and try pretty much anything, with the grapefruit juice mimosa.4.5 solid stars.  Really great breakfast spot in the CBD.  Had the basic breakfast with eggs, bacon and potatoes.  The potatoes were the clear winner today.  Good bacon, eggs with the breakfast potatoes extra flavorful and good.  Service was very friendly and helpful but a little spotty - coffee/water refills but overall a really great space and place to start the day.Food was delicious and quick ! Creamy grits were amazing !! Service was great. Definitely check Two Chicks Cafe out!All of the waitstaff and owners were very welcoming!! Their menu is super affordable ,healthy, and delicious!! You have to visit when you are in town!Had a smoothie (which was very good), created my own omelet, fruit, and coffee. It was all very good as was the service. Would definitely come back again next time I'm in town!Two Chicks is a cozy spot with great food. They don't take reservations but we didn't have to wait long to be seated. I had French toast, two scrambled eggs and a side of bacon. The food was delicious. The French toast was topped with some form of Frosted Flakes with adds a crunchy twist. I also got a fresh juice drink with apple, ginger and grapefruit. It was also good. The spot could have been a little cleaner but it was not so bad that I won't come back. The waitress was attentive and returned several times to check on us and removed dishes as we completed our meal. Thumbs up overall.This place was so good! The shrimp were and grits were so good and big portion! The grits were so creamy and the shrimp had great flavor ... a little sweeter than I like. I had he green blast and that was also yum great blend of flavors! I will be back! My boyfriend had an omelette and grits! He loved it!Delicious!  $30 for two breakfasts with coffees and a side of savory andouille sausage - which I would recommend!  
I also had to stray from my low carb diet to indulge in their creamy grits - sooo good. Overall, everything else was simple and not over the top - decor, service, menu, etc. I'd recommend this spot.Great place for wholesome fresh food. Nice to have fresh juiced veggies and fruit with a large bacon and smoked gouda omelet. Quick service and quick food. In all the heavy drinking and food it's nice to have something healthier and fresh. Good service with sweet terms of endearment. Nice aesthetics. The turkey and goat cheese crêpe was great and gluten free.Super adorable spot with friendly staff and good food. Getting fresh orange juice is a real treat and they have a lineup of other juices and smoothies. The decor inside is bright and cheerful. We did breakfast but lunch options were available. Traditional American fare was on the menu with embellishments such as fresh chia pudding.Very cozy place.delicious food and very nice staff will be back soon! Recommend for everyone who is visiting new orleansThe food was really filling and good! We got a chicken panini and a hatcherie sandwich and both of them were really tasty. The restaurant vibe was also great and the food tasted healthy. We felt comfortable in our space and didn't smell food from other tables, which is a put off for me.
We also called for a pancake which was very soft and tasted amazing. It was perfectly heated and correctly textured without being too filling.
They did mix up a smoothie order, and their strawberry banana orange smoothie lacked banana flavour.Yum, yum, yum! This cafe is outstanding! We stumbled across it on our first day in town and absolutely loved it! We had a great lunch (I had the quinoa /shrimp salad) and I had to return the next morning for smoothies after my morning run! I wanted to eat here one more time but time didn't permit! I'll be back  great friendly service too and so many healthy food choices, which isn't easy to find in NOLA!This is an amazing little place. The under the sea omelette was packed with a great amount of crab and shrimp. The Hatchery was full of tasty flavorsI came in looking for gluten-free options and unfortunately not a lot to be found - omelettes, crepes, a chia pudding, and salads.  The seafood crepe was delicious, coffee was fresh and hot, and yummy Bloody Mary.Wonderful, fresh food and juice for breakfast. Delightful decor. Friendly staff. Will absolutely be back.My husband and I enjoyed a delicious  and hearty breakfast while visiting  New Orleans  this week.  
We were in the mood for omelettes and chose the option of designing our own.  I chose andoulle sausage, mushrooms and gruyere  cheese for mine and it was delicious!  My husband chose spinach and andoulle sausage.   The plates came out with  beautiful and delicious omelettes.  We chose the rye toast, fresh fruit and grits as our sides.  The omelettes were large enough  that we really  could have shared.  The rye toast was  unusual for us but delicious.   The fruit, strawberries  and bananas,  were perfectly  fresh.  As a home cook, I understand how tricky it can be to get the seasoning and thickness of grits just right and Two Chicks got this exactly  right.  Overall,  every item was seasoned  correctly so that we didn't  need any of the bountiful condiments available  to us at the table.
And lastly, the service was friendly and on point.Great spot for Breakfast around the corner from the NOPSI Hotel. French toast was excellent. Service was really good.In town for a visit, this place was right behind our hotel, so convenient to walk in
I probably cant say enough good things ab this place. Waitresses are on point, attentive, respectful. Food is SO TASTY and portions are perfect. Also, unlike most brunch places, there are many healthy options (veggie, gluten free, egg whites, fruit smoothies). The look is very comfortable, not too loud. I really wish there was a place like this back home.They are out of cream at a breakfast place.  Then I asked if they had whipping cream; said yes... and still charged me for two coffees at $2.50 a piece.  I thought that was pretty bad.  The services wasn't amazon either.This is an adorable little cafe with a great menu!  I had the crab cake Benedict and my friend had the BBQ shrimp and grits.  Their grits are wonderful and creamy and the crab cake was delish!  They place the crab cakes and perfectly poached eggs on a croissant and topped it with a slightly spicy hollandaise.  It was perfect for me!  My friend said her shrimp and grits were amazing.  The service was friendly and the music they were playing was great.  Definite go!!!Great breakfast!! Seafood Omelette was delicious. Fluffy eggs, fresh plump shrimp, crab and Brie! French Toast made with vanilla rum and cornflakes so delicious!!
Great coffee! Great service!Great prices & simple, comfortable dining in an era of faux-sleek bloated brunch spots posing as high brow hipster havens. Healthy choices, pleasant staff, and a calm atmosphere gave me a chance to enjoy my food & my break from the city outside.Went here this morning and had the Kickin' Chicken Omelet. It was probably the best omelet I ever had!! They also have fresh juices. I had the Iron Chick. It consisted of beet, ginger, orange, carrots and apple. The girl made fresh in front of me.Breakfast is not the most important meal to me but Two Chicks was the best.  Wish they were open for dinner.No idea where the 5 stars come from, all 4 of us were so disappointed in our meals and out of the 4 days in Nola this was our least favorite breakfast. 1. You can only order breakfast before 11 which was not what some of us wanted. 2. Coffee was good but came in really small cups and basically had to beg for refills. 3. I say that because our waitress was eating with 2 other coworkers the entire time we were there. 4. Ice ice cold potatoes. All 4 of us ordered them and they were cold and slimy. 5. Bacon was basically not cooked and all fat. 6. Food itself was bland and just not something I would ever return for especially for the prices!!. We got the seafood omelet, build your own and pancakes. Just wasn't good. It looked good but just wasn't. 
Like I said the coffee itself was good and she gave us to go waters which was only reason I didn't give 1 star. This place came highly recommended and we just all wish we skipped it and saved ourselves 100 bucks.Cutest place for breakfast! We are there about 4 times during out stay in NOLA. Very friendly staff, delicious food. The cheesy grits was amazing.  Very little wait in comparison to The Ruby Slipper. A must try.Stopped in for breakfast/lunch on a Saturday. Place was busy but we only waited about 2-3 minutes. Wait staff was friendly and we never had empty glasses of water or coffee even though the restaurant was full. Food came out quick and hot, I had the chicken club sandwhich and my gf had the turkey crepe. Both dishes had great slices of meat that were cooked really well, not your standard thin deli sliced meat. I thought the sandwhich was awesome and she really liked her crepe as well. One thing that was small yet surprising was the fruit cup which incidentally prompted my gf to make me write this review. They didn't put any of those filler fruits (cantaloupe, melons, etc) in it, which I don't think I've ever had at a restaurant. Honestly I'm not sure why I have eaten at places like Reuben's or welty's when I worked in the CBD as this place was right around the corner the whole time. Prices were equivalent, maybe even more affordable, but most importantly I think my sandwhich was 10x better than anything I've gotten at those other places. Overall, it was a really great meal and pretty affordable at that. We will be returning to this spot for sure.I had the crab cake benedict on my first visit. The poached eggs were good, the roasted potatoes did not taste as fresh, portion sizes were below what I expected at their price. I thought the service was good, nothing wowed me from overall--three stars.The food is not anything you've never had before but it was very good!! I had the cafe breakfast which includes your typical eggs, choice of meat, potatoes, fruits or grits. The grits were yummy here. I had to add some salt and pepper to my eggs but that's not uncommon. The basil cucumber lemonade was so refreshing with just the right amount of sweetness. My cousin ordered the chicken panini and the other ordered the cajun sandwich. I had a bite of both and they were amazing. I was tempted to order my own chicken panini sandwich. Go check this place out. Again, the menu is your typical breakfast food but they just make really good food. I'd say try the Chicken Panini sandwich!Such a cute little cafe in the business district! Perfect for breakfast, brunch or lunch! So much personality in the decor and the menu items! Love the French toast battered with cornflakes soaked in vanilla rum and the buckwheat crepes. Pancakes so fluffy and fresh ingredients and juices!The place has a bit of a wait time and the service is good. The Barnyard Eggwich is a delight! It's melt in your mouth deliciousness. Their pancakes were also good but let me not forget about those delicious grits! A friend who was with me ordered eggs over easy and put them on top of her grits!Cute cafe with healthy breakfast alternatives.  Had a strawberry smoothie (pictured)- it was pretty bland.  Got the crab cake benedict and added some veggies.  There was too much spicy hollandaise for my liking- should have had it on the side.  But putting an eggs benedict on a croissant was amazing- much better than a soggy eng muffin.  Cute clean restaurant, plenty of seating on a Sunday morning.Came in for brunch and wow!! Great service, great food and the ambience is amazing! They have fresh squeezed juices and a unique menu. I had a Bloody Mary and it was so tasty.  Definitely recommend this wonderful place!Found this gem while staying for the 2020 College Football National Championship Weekend.  Probably the best French toast I've ever had in my life.  The staff and service was fabulous.  We will definitely keep this place in our radar for future visits.CoZy little spot. Great staff and great food! So far i've come back every morning to have breakfast. French toast were awesome. Crab eggs benedict also awesome as well as the turkey crepes. Will be back here tomorrow for breakfast. This place i promise won't disappoint!Went here twice while in New Orleans (Gravier Location) great food and service. Yummy juices too. I'd recommend highly!!This place is by far a gem you need to go to. I'm sure during busy hours you might have to wait but it is so worth it. The food was amazing as well as the wonderful service. The ambience makes you feel at home.If I could give no stars I would. We visited this morning (6/9/19). The wait was super short. We were sat and two other tables were sat at the same time. The other tables all were greeted, had drinks and had ordered their food. We waited more than 7 minutes until l went to the hostess to ask for service. After a few more minutes, a waitress brought water and took our order. We also ordered sodas. Another long wait ensued with no drinks. All the other reviews were awesome which is why we came across the city to try it. Be warned.My food was so good, that I'm still sitting at the table to leave this review while my wife finishes her meal. I got the eggwich with goat cheese, tomatoes, and spinach with bacon in the side, plus the Refuel juice. I literally cannot sing their praises high enough. Excellent, very friendly staff, and cute cute cute decor. Very clean and bright, and my food. Hot damn. We wanted to eat at Ruby Slipper all weekend, but the wait times are daunting. So freaking glad we came here instead.Awesome place to eat. Very relaxing environment. We will be back next time we are in New Orleans.Stopped in here for a quick breakfast and was greeted by a very attentive hostess and waitress. Service was prompt and accommodating. The only reason for less than 5 stars was that the food was ok/good but not great. It was as if I made it at home but there was nothing unique or special about the food. Again, tasty but nothing where you walk away and think that you had a great meal.Great service but the food was soso. I ordered the crab cake Benedict and the crab cakes were overdone. It was served on a croissant which I don't think has the same heft as an English muffin, so it kind of disappeared under the heavy hollandaise.How refreshing to find a great breakfast place with incredible choices that didn't cost an arm/leg! I ordered the under the sea omelette- there was actual crab meat, nice-sized shrimp and Brie! Everything was delish- not to mention the creamy, yummy grits that came with my dish. We also ordered veggie eggs Benedict- equally awesome with fresh veggies. Portions for both were crazy. Will definitely come back next time we're staying in Nola again!This has got to be the BEST place to get breakfast/brunch in NOLA! It's clean, crafty, and every employee welcomes you with a smile. The environment is so happy that you can't help but smile! Each item on the menu seems to have been thought about with great detail and put together with love. There's a fun twist on many classic breakfast items. Everything tastes and looks farm-fresh. I will definitely be back on my next visit to NOLA!Nice atmosphere with quick and friendly service. We tried all three benedicts and really enjoyed the creole hollandaise and that they were served on griddled croissants. Highly recommend trying the cornflake-encrusted Papa's French Toast, too!Amazing food selections and perfect presentation! Really helpful ladies when I asked about additional things to do in the areaThis place is so good! Came in on a Sunday morning, only had about a 10minite wait. The inside is super cute and the staff is friendly and fun. I ordered the crab cakes Benedict, the Cajun hollandaise sauce is phenomenal. This place is definitely going on my go to list for NOLA.Wow - what a nice surprise. Came in with little expectations for breakfast but was blown out of the water by the great service, good quality products and well cooked food. We had the classic eggs Benedict and Hatchery Eggwitch both exceeded our expectations. We had some breakfast quarks (we like to have some veggies with our breakfast) that the staff gladly accommodated. Service was quick and helpful. The atmosphere was nice and homey. Prices were reasonable. 10%Military discount extended to us.I came to this cozy little cafe for weekday lunch with a group of about 11 coworkers. We had called ahead to make reservations for our large group. They arranged 3 tables together and we were fine.  They also had seating along the window that looked really nice and colorful with all kinds of throw pillows. It looked like it would be a good place to people watch out the window or to settle in with a book.
They serve breakfast all day, so half of us got breakfast and the other half got lunch. It was convenient.
I got the Chicken Panini with a side of Mixed Greens. It was pretty good. Everyone enjoyed their food. My coworker's plate next to me with the French Toast and fruit looked awesome. I definitely want to try that next time or the Croissant and Egg sandwiches.
The staff were friendly and efficient. I'm sure we'll be back.We ate breakfast at two chicks cafe and enjoyed it so much we came back for lunch the same day.  It's away from the crowds of the French quarter places, the food was really good, it was quick and the service was friendly and fun.  Also reasonably priced.Quite possibly the best breakfast I've ever had in New Orleans! Iona knocked it out of the park with this one!! Kickin chicken omelet will be the dish I come back for!  We were a party of six and every dish came out piping hot and super delicious!!! This is a don't miss in NOLA!!!!The sunny side up eggs, wheat toast, bacon, potatoes, strawberries, shot of espresso, and coffee were good. Service was great. Highly recommend visiting this place. Nice find in downtown NOLA. Also, the apple juice was freshly squeezed and the cranberry juice was fresh.My group stayed a few blocks away and this was our go to for a late breakfast. Friendly service and great food. The have a great selection of juices and if you are a fan of building your own omlet, thay have that option.Great food great service. We are from Cincinnati and decided to take a walk until we found a place to eat. We passed many places this morning. Until we peeled around the corner and saw this nice little cafe.Had an amazing relaxing breakfast! The whole staff was so nice. Our hostess Ashley was amazing and went out of her way to let us try new things! Our server Tish was also amazing! Great job yall!We love NoLa specially their gastronomy, since most of the Cajun food here is fried (but delish). We wanted a breakfast a little more on the light side I was craving some  good grits, and I started searching and found this gem in the middle of Downtown, clean place, friendly waitresses and farm style  and fun decor! Just loved it by the minute I walked  in, my husband got the egg Benedicts  they were really good and the hollandaise sauce it was creamy and flavorful over a croissant, my daughter got an iced coffee she loved it and it came on a cute mason jar with their logo decal on it and eggs, bacon, roasted potatoes and a choice of toast, you can pick from white, multigrain or rye, I had the cafe breakfast with scrambled eggs, toast, delicious ham steak and the star of the show were the grits, they were creamy, perfectly cooked and just right! They didn't need any type of condiments, if you love grits you should try two chicks cafe when you come to this beautiful city! And price wise very affordable. Definitively will come back anytime soon!Had breakfast here this morning. Great place and so cute. Food was ridiculously good and our wonderful server tish could not have been better to us. We were stuck with local hotel breakfast that sucked. So glad they went out of the way to open during this storm.  Well be back for tishs service again soon!BBQ Shrimp and grits were on the sweet side. Not really how I like my grits. But plenty of shrimp. The tea was delicious. My husband had the seafood omelet which was very good. Not sure if I will be back?  Maybe to try their smoothie and juice drinks.I love this sweet little cafe. Breakfast and lunch only. Food is fresh, clean and delicious. Perfectly prepared. The staff is attentive and caring with both customers  and  one another. They warmly welcome guests and work together to see that every guest has what he/she wants when she/he wants it. I kind of don't want to write this review for fear it's popularity will get me waitlisted!!I recently visited New Orleans & Two Chicks Café over Memorial Day Weekend. I ordered a fried shrimp Po boy with collard greens as my side. The Po boy was really good & the greens were as well. My friends also said that their food was good too.I was in New Orleans for the first time and found this spot by my hotel we went to check it out, the wait line wasn't long and were quickly showed to our table where the waitress was very nice and patient with us. Choose the French Toast seeing it was very popular and I was not disappointed, it was so crunchy and had a very good taste to it, definitely recommend this cafe.Easy to fond great place. The food is very good service is perfect. Thank you Ionna to serve us.Two Chicks Cafe is one of my favourite breakfast spots in the city and now they opened one closer to me!!! I'll be there more often now to get my day started with their amazing french toast and shrimp and grits!! I had their juices too and they are soooo good!!The service was excellent! Your asked if you wanted crispy or soft bacon. Are you kidding me, what restaurant asks you for this detail? I just wither the standard breakfast. Eggs over easy, bacon and home fries, with onions, green peppers, rye toast. The toast was perfect (one thick, swirled sliced, crisped, butter and jelly on the side if you wished. Bread was good., all I needed. Coffee was good too. Decor niceI have the crab cake Benedict and ginger sun juice. A good healthy meal to start my day.I went to this cafe on my last morning in New Orleans. Wow I really missed a treat on my other days in the city. My breakfast was amazing. The atmosphere was good. It's a country theme with heavy rock music being played. The food was amazing. We had the French toast and the shrimp and grits. I highly recommend this cafe.My wife and I stopped at this place which was recommended by our hotel near by, we were pleased with the food and the service, we had a good breakfast, the vegetarian omelette that we both ordered came got and the taste was on spot. Wee highly recommend this placeThis little restaurant was perfect for breakfast.  We came here twice during our stay and enjoyed it both times.  The food was good and the staff was very pleasant.We are here twice while staying across the street at Aloft.  Great food!  French toast was yummy and the Nutella Crepe was great.  Good coffee and very friend place!This cafe was right around the corner from our hotel, and very convenient, so we decided to stop in. I had a single pancake, and we both had a fruit/yogurt bowl. Both were delicious. The yogurt bowl was full of fresh strawberries, and it was the right amount of yogurt. The design on the walls is very psychedelic and cool! The service was good as well. The only reason it's not 5 stars was the limited menu.Awesome food. The chicken club is my favorite.Two Chicks NEVER disappoints! From the service to the food it is a 20/20 must go to it and a 10/10 will ALWAYS recommend. Located off of canal street in New Orleans, not to far from Tulane Ave. Great location, great menu and most importantly great staff! They make you feel at home and always revise you with great experience. Every time I visit NOLA I have to go see my girls at Two Chicks, because they make sure you're taken care of. Food portions are HUGE, to say the least! Crab cake Benedict was super delicious! The French toast are perfectly fluffy, crunchy and immaculate!. However, the seafood omelet w/cheese grits omgggggg you HAVE TO try them!!! It's so addictive and beyond your wildest expectations. Their mimosas are beautifully bold, and order it with the fresh orange juice for a few cents (0.50 cents) more and you will not be sorry. If you're on the Irish whiskey train, then order their fresh Moscow Mule and you'll be in heaven! They have a great array of drinks and brunch/lunch items. I can't say enough about this place, just go already and be ready for a mouth watering and life changing burst of flavors! When you go ask forHere from out of town. Ordered the make your own omlette with crab and brie. It was AMAZING!! Our waitress Aleshia was very attentive. By far the best breakfast I have had in New Orleans. A hidden gem for sure! I will definitely be back when I return.Shrimp po boy with a Thai sauce was yummy. Great dining room, friendly and laid back staff.Stopped through on our way to Florida. Absolutely loved this place! The food was amazing, the service was very quick, and waitresses were super friendly and helpful. Next time we're in town will definitely be back!Awesome breakfast spot in CBD! Very low key spot and the food came out quick. The french toast was amazing and so were the Nutella crepes. They also have this green kale smoothie that was extremely refreshing. Loved everything about this place. Keep it up guys, will definitely be back when I'm in town.Having lunch here for the first time. I ordered the Under The Sea Omelette. Besides all of the normal mistakes that servers make (no straw, no menu), I received me meal. Omelette was hot and right off the grill. Potatoes felt like they didn't bother to heat them up. I sent the potatoes back (something I rarely do and they were the exact same potatoes heated up in the microwave (including the ketchup). My toast had to have been placed in the toaster for less than 20 seconds because it was just bread. The omelette itself was bland (besides the Brie cheese which is a strong taste on its own). I don't think they even used salt or pepper on the omelette. After drowning it in hot Saudi and ketchup it still had no flavor. No one asked me how my meal was going so I got up and went to the serving station and retrieved the Sriracha Sauce and added it to my omelette. It then had some flavor (although not a flavor that I would choose to pay for). This place is for tourists. Those of us that live here in NOLA expect flavored food every time and there are no excuses for anything else.Came here after wandering for a while. Great sandwiches, salads, and smoothies. Nice little spot.This place is great. My wife ordered the grits bowl, I ordered the breakfast po boy, both excellent options. We loved the ambiance and vibes here, will definitely recommend to others and come back for more.Delicious breakfast. Tried tHe Under the Sea Omelette, just really good. Hit the spot after a long stint on the French Quarter the night beforeTwo Chicks Café is a cute place with fantastic staff. We enjoyed our meals and the 60's-70's rock music being played. 
I had the Kicken Chicken omelet. Very tasty and would certainly order it again with more salsa on top. 
This little Café is worth a stop.Very nice breakfast. The food is tasty and prices are good. Service was good with friendly staff. We were a group of 12 and they tried to put us all together. I recommend this placeBeautifully decorated, warm and cozy!! And the food was delicious!! Goat cheese and veggie omelette!! Stop by for a great start to the day! Plus.. love the choice of musicSo I came twice here for breakfast during my three day to New Orleans and it wasn't three because they are not opened on Tuesdays LOL Let's start off by the decor, so cute and welcoming! The staff was also wonderful, she even remembered my coffee order from the previous day! Latte with almond milk and whip cream (thank me later) The French toast is out of this world amazinnnnnnng. I also decided to create my own omelette which consisted of egg whites, turkey, gruyere cheese, and mushrooms. Sooo yummm! Did I mention that you can choose from various cheeses such as gruyere and Brie to add to your omelette?! The prices are normal and not supppper over the top like some of the places in this area. If you are ever in New Orleans you must check it out!Food was amazing and service was great! There specialty drinks were fresh and delicious. Grits were amazing Hollandaise sauce was incredibly unique and very fitting. Pricing is very reasonable for what you get.It's my first time in NOLA and I came here to have breakfast and I cannot say enough, this place is great, the food is delicious and the customer service is amazing, they are so welcoming and kind hearted. Five stars all the way!Cozy; that's the best way to describe this place. It's decorated with bright colors and pillows, wihh classics like bohemian rhapsody playing in the background. The waitresses are super nice and address you as "my dear".
Got the seafood onelette for Brunch, and it kept me filled until dinnertime. The omelette is bigger than the picture and chock full of  ingredients. I think there's a lot of different flavors to savor in one omelette. Eggs with shrimps. Eggs with chive. Eggs with brie cheese, my favorite cheese. Eggs on toast. Also, I chose fruit for my side, so it's like I also had dessert.This brunch spot was suggested by a friend and I was not disappointed. It was not a large place so the atmosphere was very relaxed (which we loved). I ordered a Bloody Mary and my husband ordered one of their homemade juices. Both were wonderful. Our food was also wonderful!Amazing food that was right near my hotel! Great healthy options at a reasonable price. I got the BBQ shrimp and grits and was very very happy with the meal. I got goat cheese on the side and spread that on the French bread. My boyfriend got the chicken club and absolutely loved it!! I highly recommend this place for breakfast, brunch or lunch!!!The best breakfast we had since a long time. The place was very cute, the food was incredibly good and our server was so welcoming. We had such a great time there!Simply amazing. We had a great time. Bit only is the location cute, and in the middle of the CBD. The mimosas were good and breakfast was bomb! I think this will be our new Monday, Brunch spot. I'm eager to go back for the breakfast bowl. Yum!I absolutely love this cafe. They have two locations and both are amazing! If you are ever in Nola it's a must that you stop by. If you are a juice lover like me, all their juice is freshly squeezed and taste delicious. My favorites from this place is the papas French toast and the classic eggs Benedict.Iron Chick drink, Thai Shrimp PoBoy with a vinaigrette salad, everything was so good. My mom ordered a Chicken Philly and added shrimp to it with a cucumber lemonade, mixed with sweet tea. The veggies on the sandwich was so freshGreat breakfast omelette and coffee. Ashley is very sweet and attentive as a server. I visit every time I'm in town.AMAZING food! Outstanding service by Ashley. Great vibe in the restaurant. The shrimp and grits breakfast was so tasty. Veggie Benedict rocked and the French toast had great flavor and crunch. You can't go wrong with this cool place.I was looking for a place for breakfast in the downtown area. Two Chicks Cafe was near by so decided to try it.  I was not disappointed.   I had their French Toast and it was very good.   Their service was also excellent.  My coffee cup was always refilled without my need to ask. This is a place I will return to. It is also a place I would recommend to friends.This restaurant is a good place to go for a simple breakfast. Not welcoming (rude actually) to newcomers which well,  prevent their return. They have vegan options which is a plus, and experimented with unique flavors. However, they fell short in setting themselves apart from other breakfast places.Good Papa's French toast breakfast. Friendly staff and cool inside vibe. Worth checking out.Tish, our server, was amazing! The food was delicious and so fresh! You could really tell the staff loves working here! Highly recommend!!Tish R was our server and she was amazing. The food was great, as always. We will be back next time we are in town.Warm, relaxed vibe for breakfast a couple blocks from French Quarter. Excellent menu options, including creative tasty breakfast sandwiches, traditional items with creole twist and savory crepes.  Plus for those traveling with teens or young adults is the variety of freshly made energy juices and smoothies.  We were visiting with young adult children and visited three times.I love this cafe! I had the crab melt with Brie and it was hands down the best thing I've had in New Orleans. The cafe is very homey and casual with the staff being incredibly nice. Definitely recommend to anyone!!This place is a hidden gem! The food was amazing, drinks amazing, I would definitely come back!'Hello All, this place is awesome. Good service, nice smiles, and very good food. Not once did I have to ask for anything. They made sure all was taken care of with a smile. You want to eat here if you are visiting NOLA.Fantastic breakfast stop. The staff is bright and friendly. The under the sea omelette was great, fresh seafood and the eggs were impossibly fluffy. A side of creamy grits and some coffee is the perfect way to start the day.The fun and quirky style of this place was surprisingly homey as much as it was an adventure. Saw good reviews here on yelp with a tip that it has short wait times, and I can fully agree. Tried a bloody mary - spicy, could have been spicier but that's just because I love spice - and an omlete with crab in it. So savory! And the grits it came with were very creamy. The price made me wary at first, but I got so much food that my worry flew out the window, it was a good deal for the giant plate I received. Try their fresh squeezed OJ! I doubt you could go wrong with anything on the menu.I loved the food in this cute charming place. Hubby and I got the crab cake Benny & the French toast, and our friend got the seafood omelet. Amazing food and nice waitstaff. Also, the prices are pretty great for all you get! Wish I could try everything on the menu, oh well next time I'm down in New Orleans! Recommend!Beyond amazing! The servers go over the top to make sure you have a great experience. The server literally stopped traffic to waves us into the restaurant. She offered to take pictures of our bachelor party and the food was delicious.Amazing breakfast and smoothie!! Love the vibes of the space and energy of the staff. Will definitely be back!My husband and I flew into NOLO yesterday and immediately went looking for a good breakfast. Not wanting to visit one of the old classics, we decided to try this place. It is excellent!  It has great gluten free options (for me), and is casual (for him).  The food was excellent, and a little unusual.  Service was prompt and friendly, but not overbearing. So, we are back today for lunch!This place is amazing. Great food and very friendly. We've eaten here twice on vacation and will again before we leave. Crepes, French toast, smoothies, eggs Benedict, etc. and everything has exceeded our expectations.Food was fine -- pretty typical diner food. The waitress kept calling my spouse and I "babies" (literally every time she interacted with us) which isn't as endearing as she thinks.The best shrimp and grits I've had!  The crab cake eggs Benedict wasn't really good but they made up for it with the shrimp and grits and the French toast. Not too big but still intimate. Also got a white sangria which tasted good too, I would have liked it a bit stronger but it's only 11amSolid spot in NO.  Breakfast was outstanding.  Very high quality and large portions.  Really great service as well.Staff were kind, food was ok. My husband had an omelet he really enjoyed but my crab cake benedict was subpar. Bonus: Fresh orange juice & good coffee!This place so good we at there 2 mornings in a row while in town for the National Championship game. The staff is EXCELLENT!!  Very friendly and fast service. 
My son ordered the omelette both days - make your own with lots of options. 
I got poached eggs with bacon and sausage and the best darn grits I have ever eaten. They were fantastic. 
Decaf coffee readily available and some of the best I have ever had. 
This place is a must if you visit New Orleans.Great omelet! Perfectly cooked all the fruit was very fresh and the pancake was fluffy and crispy deliciousness! 
Plus the coffee is rich and strong highly recomend.What whaaaaat! Two  off da hook. Get you some juice and breakfast ! If staying within walking distance more than worth the wakeLoved the fresh options, the chia pudding did not disappoint. They also have gluten free crepes!THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. They have real maple syrup with there incredibly light and fluffy pancakes. The staff is friendly & so accommodating. Food is literally so good. If you're looking you're thinking about going ... stop thinking & just go! You won't be disappointed.This awesome brunch spot is in the Central Business District, where we stayed this trip. Now that I know it is here, I would love to come back no matter where I stay in NOLA next time. I had the Under the Sea omelet, and it was packed with fresh crab and perfectly cooked shrimp! He had the crab Benedict, that he enjoyed. He got his Cajun hollandaise on the side, which he was grateful for as it was pretty spicy. We also shared a pancake, which was fluffy and delicious! The fruit cup was full of fresh strawberries and bananas.Came here twice on our week long visit. Food was tasty and service was great both times!! The inside was decorated adorably as wellThe food here is amazing. I came with a group of friends from Atlanta on vacation for the first time. The restaurant was clean and the staff was very friendly. I will definitely come back.This great little cafe was right near our hotel, but I didn't know it until the day before we were leaving New Orleans!
Great staff & really great food!  My husband got their Breakfast Po Boy & loved it so much that he saved the rest for his breakfast the next morning.  I got one of their breakfast bowls, which was incredibly yummy, too (the potatoes were a little bigger than I normally like for breakfast, but I cut them up very easily).
If we ever go back to New Orleans, we will definitely check out this place again!While visiting NOLA we walked here from our hotel. The place is small, eclectic and GOOD! Check out the excellent service and wonderful food!I'm shocked I didn't know about this spot. One of my family members made me aware of this place and said it was a must try. The best items we had were the eggs benedict and the shrimp n grits. The seafood omelette was delicious as well. The restaurant had a local mom and pop feel, but it's conveniently located. Parking options are garages nearby or 2 hour street parking. Download the park mobile app to save yourself time. I definitely plan to be back.Great menu which includes breakfast all day. A friendly place for breakfast or lunch.The food was so good we went twice! The French toast is amazing and when I said I wanted EXTRA crispy bacon, that's what I got, perfect! Even the fresh squeezed grapefruit juice, which I'm not supposed to have, was so good. Our two servers, Ashley and Olga were so nice and friendly. I highly recommend this place and when I come back to NOLA, I will definitely eat here again!Super cute restaurant with very nice employees! We were served quickly and our waitress was very attentive. Their turkey crepe is a must have!Great experience! This cafe was close to our hotel in the CBD and we came in for breakfast one morning. It was busy but we were still seated immediately. The staff was friendly and all smiles. My friend got French toast and I ordered the yogurt parfait with toast. Both dishes were great, and our coffee never ran out! They even offered us to go cups for our water and coffee when we left. I would definitely eat here again next time I'm in NOLA.We go there by recommendation... the food was great, the 2 girls working there was very polite and caring. 
The place is ready to greeting people during the Covid 19 with a lot of space between the tables.
Definitely,  will go back there on my next visit .This place was Great! I went out of my comfort zone And tried the crab meat and shrimp
Omelette! It was incredible! Nice size shrimp Ans good flavor!We ordered in for Sunday brunch this past weekend and for the most part, it hit the spot. We tried: 
Hatchery egg which (with goat cheese, tomato, and spinach on a croissant-flavor was awesome but it was very soggy unfortunately-the price you pay for delivery, I suppose)
Breakfast poboy (standard sausage, egg, and cheese sammy with good but unexciting bread)
Pancakes (now these were perfectly fluffy and delish!)
Grown up grilled cheese (had wayyy too much pickled beets, so scraped that off and then it was quite tasty; also came with a nice spring salad). 
Overall, a yummy meal and would eat it again, but not my first go-to.Outstanding food and fast friendly service
I tried their Cafe Breakfast which includes two eggs any-style, roasted potatoes or grits , and a choice of either ham, bacon,andouille sausage or turkey which is a great heart smart option. I ended up going with the andouille and added some smoked gouda to my scrambled eggs
While the presentation and quantity of the food was excellent, its the incredibly delicious flavor that will have you promising yourself a speedy return. The eggs were spot on and the gouda was a perfect compliment. And the andouille was outstanding !  
I will definitely be backReally great food staff were amazing and friendly. 
Food was amazing. Prices were average for new orleans. Highly recommendI had an interview in New Orleans, this place was across the street. I went in not knowing what to expect. The environment has a very inviting, mom and pop feel. The music was on point, it was like they knew I was coming and connected to my Spotify account..come to find out my waitresses had picked the playlist that day. She was very nice and checked in every now and then. They didn't try to rush me out, even though I was sitting at a booth by myself.  Next time I'm in town , I'll probably end up there again trying something else on the menu.Soooo good!
Had the crab  Benedict. It was perfection. 
Staff was very nice and attentive.
Prices were fair.
So glad to end my trip on a high note with this meal! Much better than the place I ate yesterday morning.
Curious??? Look at my past reviews.We loved it! We waited less than 10 mins at prime brunch time on a Sunday. The server was really sweet and attentive. The drinks are generous and so are the portions and prices.Best bfast IN TOWN hands down!!! Staff are all amazing and work hard to make a great atmosphere!! Always happy!! Love itGot a recommendation and the place was crowded, seemed like the right move. It wasn't. 10 minutes for anyone just to come to the table. Then 30 mins for food. Very average. Plain pancakes, nothing special. French toast had a few measly cornflakes on them, was expecting the puffy, eggy browned bread but nah. Potatoes again bland, very little seasoning, not crispy at all. Crabcakes Benedict, what a mess, tiny poached eggs and crabcakes with little seasoning. Omelette average. I can make much better than this at home in half the time. Won't be back.We stopped here while visiting for a quick breakfast and it was great. We got the Cafe breakfast and the make your own omelette with jalapeño, green onion and spinach. The omelette was delicious with a lovely spice kick. The mimosas had fresh orange juice and that was a nice touch. I want to specially comment on the service which was really good. We were in a hurry to get to our swamp tour, and the server was quick in getting our order even though we went in on a Sunday for brunch.Absolutely fabulous!!! Great presentation, flavor, and service. Our server Michelle was very attentive and friendly. I highly recommend checking this place out.Decided to eat here and had a late start to the day. Got to the restaurant around 10, and had about a 5 minute wait. (Off to a good start). The place was packed, so I understand they were busy, but we didn't get out food until almost 11. My food was really good. I had the Breakfast Poboy Eggwich.... Soooo good. My daughter got the kickin' chicken omelet. She said it was okay, she forgot to tell them no mushrooms (her error, not the restaurant's) but then she got to the middle of the omelette and it had a blob of goat cheese, she stated that it would have been better had she not ate half the omelette befor getting to the cheese. All in all it was good food and the wait staff were never sitting still.Wish I could leave no stars. Unfortunate we came on a Monday morning when they had 6 tables, a server, hostess and a runner and couldn't get any service. The two of us sat for EIGHTEEN minutes with no table touches, in a back corner watching our server socialize at the front door with whom I can only assume by their loud conversations were previous regulars she hasn't seen in months. I even walked to the front door to get her attention and NOTHING. Total bummer because it was really cute inside, shame the service sucks.
Not to mention when she finally broke away From the couple they somehow managed to get their drinks and have someone walk up to them with an iPad to take their order. Our server decided to go and touch all the tables that had already been previously served and turned around twice to look at our booth in the back and never came over. It was about another two minutes later when she finally realized and caught us as we were walking out and we leftEverything was great, they put a little different spin on almost every dish, prices were reasonable for down town, and the staff was the friendliest I think I have ever had. What a bunch of great ladies! Will DEFINITELY be back!On a recent trip to New Orleans we actually walked past this eatery on our way to another for breakfast.  Well, our plan failed as our destination eatery was an hour wait time. So we backtracked to 2 Chicks where we enjoyed a very tasty breakfast in a cozy, comfortable atmosphere.  The coffee was amazing.  Maybe we'll see you on our return tripWe were visiting from Florida and decided to give this place a try and did NOT regret it. They had the most amazing grits I've ever tasted in my life here. The coffee is very strong and very delicious. The waitstaff was attentive and we received our food quickly. Overall I think this is a really neat place with a cool atmosphere that I definitely would like to go again!Breakfast was different but very good. Service provided by server (Young black girl
With a heavy accent) was phenomenal. She was so nice, attentive and polite. That's what stood out the most. Can't beat the pricing for what you get here. Was very satisfied with quality, menu and service.This is a great breakfast place. Absolutely great (very fresh) food and service was amazing. 
It's not traditional NOLA food, but it has some very Louisiana food - where else does one get an omelet of crab and shrimp?
It's centrally located in the CBD on Gravier street and perfect for a quick and good breakfast.Great breakfast In CBD right near where we were staying. It's a second location and newer so no wait time at all.  The music is oldies and fun to listen to.  They serve breakfast all day.  Great cocktail menu. The servers were very nice.  The iron chick juice was so yummy.  I had the vegetarian hatchery which was great.  My husband enjoyed the buckwheat Nutella crepe.  Highly recommend and I'm sure once people find out about this place it will be packed!!!!Showed up with a big party.  They got us situated and seated right away.
Coffee was good.
Food was great.
Wait staff kept it moving and was very attentive.One of the best restaurants for breakfast and lunch in New Orleans. The drinks are made fresh, and are refreshing and delicious.  The staff is friendly,  and the food is excellent!!! You have to visit this restaurant!!!!Fantastic food, atmosphere, and service. Came here several times while in town on business. A short walk from my hotel. A homey breakfast spot. The real star is the breakfast poboy. It's a bargain, and DELICIOUS. The coffee is strong and tasty. Just regular, good, drip coffee. Didn't have any of the juices, and the crowd doesn't look like a juice crowd, but they're served up with care and enthusiasm, so I expect they're delicious and healthy. Maybe on my next trip!I visited Two Chicks Cafe in December 2020. I received prompt service and the food was excellent. I had breakfast and plan to again when I visit in late January 2021.We went here with my girlfriends, the ladies were great, service was friendly and candid. We got all the fresh juices which were all amazing. The crab cake Benedict was amazing. The French toast fabulous. Skip the casual breakfast and go for calorie bankruptcies, it's that goodThe breakfast tasted excellent and the portions were good. The service was also very friendly and prompt which always enhances the experience.Great food, service could be better. Seemed like a pretty big tourist spot as it is very close to many cheaper hotels. Food was really good and more on the healthy side which we were looking for. Decent price, but the service lacked cheerfulness. Seemed like they didn't want us there and they rarely checked on us. Would definitely come back for the food though!Excellent, clean, creative food and cocktails.  The service is genuinely friendly.  Even though NOLA is foodie-central this place stands out as a gem.Simpley the best in quality and value in the downtown area. Great staff too!
Grits were best we've had,The food was excellent. I had tried it twice while in NOLA, once via UberEats and then I went in to dine. Good portions for the price.A great little breakfast joint with friendly service. Awesome grits & French toast. Would definitely go back next time we are in New Orleans.The restaurant was within walking distance from our hotel. The waitstaff was kind and wore masks. The grits and pancakes were very delicious. I had the best cappuccino ever. The only negative was the bacon tasted bad wasn't sure if it was a old or just a bad brand.  Other than that everything else was amazing! I would eat there again!great service, laid-back atmosphere, incredible food! Will return!Welcoming and warm diner-like service. Their breakfasts are simple and so tasty- exactly what I needed in my first morning at NOLA, waking up early thanks to the jet lag. I ordered an omelet with bacon, roasted potato, creamy grits and toast.The ladies on staff run this place so well!! You could see they work as a team to make sure everyone in the place is well taken care of. The food was also so good!It was recommended we attended here for breakfast. The server was great and helped guide decisions on what we were looking for. I asked for something authentic and she suggested the Traditional Eggs Benedict which had a Cajun hollandaise sauce and a side of creamy grits (cream, butter & Gouda). It was so delicious and fun to try something different. It's a cute small place.I do not want to exaggerate when I say this might be the best breakfast I have ever had. We ordered two baileys iced coffee (Irish style), breakfast po-boy, and crab cake Benedict with grits. The eggs were perfectly cooked, the crab cake perfectly seasoned, and the bread as fresh as can be. The ambience of the place was very cozy and homey. If anyone wants to get their taste buds blown away, they need to come to Two Chicks Café.Woah! The food here is amazing!! My egg sandwich was on a fresh made croissant. It had eggs, goat cheese, spinach and mushrooms. The pancakes were perfectly cooked and beautifully plated. My coffee was alright but kinda got turned off when the creamer at the tracks was curdled. The server brought me a cup of fresh cream right away. Amazing! The Nutella banana smoothie was also a big hit.Service and atmosphere here was awesome!! Ulga was very attentive, kept my fresh coffee full. Delicious breakfast, definitely will backGreat spot for breakfast short walk from hotel. Everything was amazing! Friendly service, I would recommend Olga she was an amazing server and gave us great recommendations.  Stop I. You won't be disappointed.I actually really hate giving this place such a bad score because the staff was so friendly and attentive. But...I just didn't enjoy my food. I got the Kicken Chicken Omelette with potatoes. The omelette looked great, but it was too much and too little. The chicken was very plain cubes of white meat. I actually picked it out of the omelette, since it did nothing for the flavor or texture. Maybe I thought it'd be diced fried chicken, or grilled, I'm not sure what I expected. But not plain, tasteless cubes of white meat. The goat cheese wasn't what I expected--it seemed to be more of a blended, flavored mixture. I really just dissected the thing to eat the eggs, spinach, and mushrooms. I left most of it. 
The potatoes didn't even interest me. They were very large chunks that looked like a very good side for a supper meal. Much more "herbal oil" looking, than "pan cooked".  My companion tried one and agreed---a nice side for an evening meal, but not "breakfast potatoes". 
My side of bacon was very good. My coffee was good. My date's fried eggs and grits were fine. 
And several folks served us or checked on us, and all were really friendly and cheerful. So, I liked the place and the feel and the staff, and I almost didn't write this review. 
Maybe I'll try the lunch one day, but not the breakfast.This is the cutest, best brunch place I've ever been to! Service was quick, staff was so friendly, and the food/drinks were awesome. The inside is so nice too, bright and happy colors all around with a homey atmosphere. I can't wait to go back!!The restaurant was around the corner from my hotel so I decided to give them a try. Overall I was pleased. I wasn't too impressed with the sauce... too spicy for my liking. 
I did enjoy my breakfast and will try other menu items. 
Fast & friendly service. I called in my order ahead of time.The one star is about the Covid 19 protocol not about the food.
Walking in trying to get a table. The lady who greets people in the front but also takes order and does everything else, came to the front with her mask under her chin. I asked if they wore masks in the restaurant. She said yes then I pointed to the obvious that she was not covering her mouth nor nose. Her answer was I pulled down to talk to customers .."is that okay?"
I was like okay and the followed her to a table. In the next 15 mins, when we're there she was walking around, taking to customers and serving food with the mask under her chin. Obviously she talked to customers all the time so she really never wore her mask.
It was then I decided to leave. If you don't care about the virus, I am sure the food is good ( by the reviews). But i would not patron a restaurant that does take the mask wearing seriously. It is obvious that she did not understand why she was supposed to wear a maskLoved it! Had the crab cake Benedict and fresh juice which were both delicious. Very warm and friendly service.Enjoyed our breakfast here when visiting New Orleans. Lovely cafe and great service! They had healthy breakfast options- loved my buckwheat  crepe! They have a good selection of fresh juices. Kid friendly menu options too!Food was amazing!!! Service was amazing!!! 10/10 
We went on a Saturday around 11:30am & there was a 20 minute wait but it was worth it. I'd definitely recommend eating hereThis place is a must try! Love the eclectic decor and the wait staff is great. The food is amazing and they have large portions. I had the farmhouse omelette and it was huge and delicious. My favorite was the Bailey's Iced Coffee. Will come back anytime we are in New Orleans.I wanted to try the Convention Center Blvd. location, but something would always deter me from getting there.
 I was happy to stumble across the Gravier St. Spot! It has a wonderful brunch vibe, so so cute and the meal was awesome! 
Will definitely be backUPDATE: 8:53 AM Turns out it was the manager I spoke with earlier, and I now know that it was all a terrible misunderstanding. Walked up the street expecting a confrontation, but it was not to be. She was truly amazing. She explained her side of the phone call, as did I. 
It seems that my time in New Orleans has negatively affected how I engage with people. Due to years of discrimination, I have learned to assume the worst from non-blacks. This City has its racists, but the manager at Two Chicks Cafe is definitely not one them. And I humbly stand corrected.
I could have deleted this entire review, but I felt it necessary to keep it, not just for others, but for my own edification. I will travel abroad soon to explore other cultures. Today's incident will remind me to keep an open mind.
July 26, 2020 7:50 AM The girl who answered my takeout order was woefully uninterested in speaking to me. It was 7:50 AM and yet she made a point of saying they don't open until 8am. I informed her that I already knew that, and that my order was to-go. My condo is 3 blocks away and I had no intention of dining in.
I've lived in the CBD five years. My (white) GF says since my voice on the phone identified me as a black man, this girl had little interest in providing the kind of service one would receive had I been another race.I had the French toast & potatoes! The French toast was by far my faveeee!!!!! The waitress was quick and friendly!One of my absolute favorite spots for breakfast in the CBD! Have never had a disappointing meal or less than stellar service! Would recommend to anyone who lives in or is visiting New Orleans!My first time coming to this location (I've been by the convention center one a couple of times) was during Essence. I'm very happy they were open as it was super convenient to park in my job's garage and walk here. I ordered the chicken club sandwich, which came with a side salad and a side of potatoes to split with my mom because we both weren't super hungry. The salad is pretty basic but good. It's only greens and dressing but that dressing is a winner. The potatoes could stand a little more salt but were good. The sandwich was fantastic though. I'm not big on sandwiches but I've since gone back to get another one of these. It's chicken breast, bacon, smoked Gouda, tomato, kale, and spicy mayo on jalapeño toast. That thing is seriously so good. It's a big sandwich too and such quality ingredients so I didn't mind the price. I'll have to try more but for now this will be my go to here.This place is a small gem on west side of Canal St. We had crab cake Benedict with cheesy grits, scrumptious! The traditional Benedict with potatoes, delicious! The creole hollandaise was the star!!! The Papa French toast was YUM-May!
The atmosphere was friendly, the service was fast & friendly. Overall great experience!Walked to an amazing location and boom...a blue wall!!! Lol, 
Actually, this location is 1 of 2. It's beautiful.  Very colorful and picture perfect.
The food is amazing. I had the BBQ shrimp and grits and the flavor was amazing. I was starving, so when we saw a line outside,I was a but bummed. We got in in less than 10 min and it was definitely worth it. 
Every seat is a great seat. 
The staff was so polite, above and beyond,  shared the story of the 2 chics,  and gave really great suggestions.Cute and quaint spot with yummy food! Service is great. Hostess truly pleasant. A little wait when we arrive since seating is limited. But seriously didn't wait more than 10 minutes. Nice size coffee cups! I ordered the Veggie Benedict and they kindly respected my request for no eggs or croissant. The portion of the mixed veggie was hefty and the creamy grits was delicious. Mixed them together.....FLAVOR EXPLOSION! Lol My husband ordered the Papa's French Toast...tote them up before I had a chance to ask him how were they! They were served with bananas and strawberries and had a surprised crunch encrusting the bottom of each slice. Think he liked them! Lol This place gets a #YumskiFresh delicious food   Fresh smoothies and unique items to try. Staff very attentive.Great breakfast.  I ended up coming here two days in a row.  The first day I had a MYO omelette with crab, shrimp and veggies and grits! The second day I had the French toast.  The service was great! I would totally recommend checking this place out.Our hotel recommended this place for breakfast bc it was around the corner. We almost went to ihop but we decided to go to two chicks. The place is soooo cute. They have fresh squeezed juices nd great coffee. Deff get the pops French toast ! Got the crab cake Benedict which was really good as well. Tried someone's shrimp nd grits nd it was delish ! The best part was the service ! Also saw a waitress helping a family that only spoke Spanish which is what led me to write this review . They were so kind !I was on a Girl's trip to celebrate my best friend's birthday. The six of us had brunch at this cafe! The hostess was hilarious and we just loved her and the enjoyment did not stop there! 
NOTE: Photos are after we shared different dishes, sorry. Their presentation was a lot nicer until we messed it up, lol.
PROS
1) The French toast dipped in crushed corn flakes is genius! That added little bit of texture changed my whole dining experience. I loved it so much.
2) The thickness of the bacon can only be matched by the Original Pancake House. It was cooked to perfection.
3) I had never had Crab Cakes Benedict and God help me if this wasn't the BEST anything Benedict I had ever had. These were REAL crab cakes and not just a bunch of filler. Mouth watering
4) Grits were creamy and delicious but too savory for breakfast but would have been perfect for dinner with some shrimp. Nonetheless they were yummy.
5) The Cucumber Lemonade was refreshing and bottomless. I love it when an establishment offers delicious drinks with free refills.
6) The staff is so authentic, professional, attentive and FUN. I can't wait to visit again!
CONS
1) Scrambled eggs were overcookedLiving across the street, we frequently eat breakfast or lunch at Two Chicks, and every--and we mean every--meal, in over the two years that they've been open at this location (Gravier St.), has been excellent...service, too. Thanks, gang, for making us feel welcome in your "home!"Wonderful food! We had the Hatchery sandwich with added bacon,  the seafood omelet and fresh squeezed OJ. The Hatchery was amazing! We will be back!! Get the Orange Juice!! You won't regret it!Love this place .. quaint shabby chic... I had just a classic  breakfast but it was excellent, spouse had a Thai Shrimp Poboy  . Had pickled sweet chili sriracha coleslaw on it ..perfect ! We will be back !I decided to pay this place a visit because the name/sign was so cute! Opens at 8am and arrived around 8:15am. Party of 4 was seated right away. Only two other tables were taken at the time so social distancing was being followed. 
The waiter was amazing. Sweet and attentive.
I ordered the buttermilk pancakes which were topped with fresh fruit (bananas and strawberries) and powdered sugar. I really really enjoyed these pancakes. They had a cake taste to them. Sweet and soft. No complaints. 
Inside interior was really cute and fun!The location was very convenient for me. It was nice to take a short walk out fo the quarter . The service was awesome, everyone was prompt and friendly. 
I had a seafood omelet made with Brie, that I would say was a medium size, made with two fluffy eggs I'm told. It wasn't bad, I really couldn't tell if the crab was really there, I poked around and got some shrimp. I think ultimately I wasn't in the mood for it. The grits were good, I think there was cheese in them. They didn't pass my spoon-test ( I like grits to slowly drip off the spoon and these were sort of caked), but they weren't bad! Coffee was good and they kept my cup hot with plenty of refills .