Went here today with two others after every other restaurant had an hour or long wait. I wish we had waited an hour.
We walked in to a dive. Fine. Ugly is on the name. What can be expected? Some toddler was banging on a piano by the entrance. After having to go to the bar to order, I asked the bartender what she recommended. She said "anything." To narrow it down, I asked which of the sandwiches. Again..."anything." Oooookay. I'll have a burger cooked medium-well with only lettuce and cheddar. I asked for fries instead of chips. "We don't have a fryer." The other two got "Today's Special": a chili dog. Theirs came out in a couple minutes. 
After twenty minutes, I went up to the area where you go to pick your food. I then saw three microwaves. No sign of a grill. Just three microwaves and a smoker. I watched them microwave not only the hot dogs, but also my macaroni and cheese, some person's chick breast, sausage, the chili, some cheese sauce, a bottles bbq sauce, and my hamburger. They then proceeded to put some sort of cole slaw, pepper jack cheese, and other things on my burger. I told them I only asked for lettuce and cheese but to now just trade it for a chili dog. The man said that the hot dogs take some time to grill so it will be a while. Oh, like the twenty minutes it took you to microwave the burger? 
The chili dog came out about 5-10 minutes later. Chili tasted like it was from a can. Hot dog had no grill marks but was a Nathan's hot dog, so it's hard to screw up. 
Bathroom was disgustingly dirty. Toilet was overflowed and soap dispenser was empty. 
Stay away.The BBQ here is alright. the cole slaw is excellent.  The reviewer who called this the best in the state has to be connected to the bar. 
otherwise I have never been a fan of the atmosphere of this place. A dive but not in a good way.
having said that you can do worse as far as just filling your stomach in Warehouse Dist  for a decent priceWe always go to the Ugly Dog when we are in NOLA. For Mardi Gras we usually are staying right in the area so it's pretty convenient. The bbq is decent, not outstanding but good when you are hungry. I always get the pulled pork, husband gets the brisket. It hits the spot. The restaurant is huge and we've never had a problem getting a table, even with a large group. Fun place to hang out, close to parade route. Take outs available too.This is a great place to go for some quick, affordable food. Don't expect anything too tasty. The smoker sets off a smell that gets you all ready for some delicious 'q, then you get let down with a fairly well seasoned lump of cold pulled pork (ask for it on bread, or you will just get it in a pile on your plate) and some sausages who clearly don't mean it when they call themselves spicy. 
Thought it would be a good place to watch sunday football, but the TVs are just too small for such a big placeWas staying at the Residence Inn and walked a couple of blocks and stumbled upon this place. There was a live band playing and picnic tables. There was also an inside with jukebox type music playing. Smelled good so we decided to stop. Everything we had was amazing , very flavorful and good size potions. We had the 1/2 rack ribs (juicy and fell off the bone), the brisket panini and the ugly dog tacos. Everything was delicious, priced right, casual and lively. Would definitely return. Just one note, you need to find a menu and a table on your own and order at the bar. No waitress serviceWhen I think of a comfy bar or pub; that has good food, good music and fantastic people this place comes to mind. The alligator shepherd pie was great, the ribs are good too, my buddy had the pulled pork and said it was well worth the walk from our hotel.Have tried this place twice - both times they are out of ribs!! Service is impersonal and really slow. If you must, go ahead, but there's better all around the neighborhood.Damn.  Fine.  Barbecue.
Having moved to Texas this year, I've managed to find good Barbecue, but Ugly Dog's pulled pork still pulls at my heartstrings.
I've eaten at Ugly Dog for years and years, and it's a great place for lunch BBQ for CBD workers willing to get some exercise at lunch and make their way into the Warehouse district (or the lazy ones who want to drive).
The pulled pork and the brisket are the winners here.  Tasty, large portions which I can never finish and the price is right.  Their sausage and chicken are good.  The burger...I like the burger but burger fanatics may be disappointed with the dryness of it.  I would call it solid, not gourmet.
Sides?  The cup of chili/beans with sour cream and cheese is nice, but the real standouts are the caesar salad and the broccoli with cheese.  Yes, the caesar is just a salad but it's a good one.  The broccoli is great, steamed, very tasty.  Just add a little bit of cheese sauce for that extra no-carb goodness.  
By the way, I think they nuke the little plastic cup it comes in so you can't have it too often.  Sometimes they give it to you melted--the cup, that is.  But, hey, nitrates cause cancer, too.  Sausage anyone?
Meanwhile, 30 years in the future:
"Miss Karen, I'm sorry to tell you that your entire digestive system has cancer.  You haven't been eating anything that was microwaved in plastic, have you?"
"Um...."This place is a better bar then it is a BBQ joint. The chicken thigh appetizer has a nice smokey flavor (although it is kind of a disappointing portion) but the boudin and pulled pork sandwiches failed to impress. Will I be back for a drink? Absolutely. But I may eat beforehand. The wide open indoor space with the picnic tables is great for groups!Oh, Ugly Dog Saloon, I wanted to love you, cuddle you, and call you my own!
You're not all bad . . . you are cute as a bug, have nice outdoor seating, and a really personable and precious serving staff. 
But Dawg, that was an UGLY burger. Big flavorless hunk of meat with visible pieces of fat. I'm afraid I just can't overlook that. I'm going to have to send you to the pound.Good stop for a quick bite. Love the picnic tables. Good beer selections. Wings were good and smoky.Went tonight  after  Saints  game. Ordered a Ugly Spud with pulled pork on it for $9.25. Potato was the smallest I've  ever been served and they forget to put the pork on it. I had to bring it to the bartender and he had to fix it. We tried to order onion rings  but they were out. We then ordered a potato with just cheese and butter to go.
When I went to pay bartender he didn't  give me the itemize bill. I had to ask him to see it. Turns out he over charged me 10.25 for the potato with butter and cheese. 1.00 more than one with meat. 
He called the manager over to fix it and eventally the manager removed the 10.25 from the bill.
Food was ok but nothing special that I would go back.If you read my reviews, I know what you're thinking....Sarah, your vegetarian! WHY are you going to a BBQ place!?
To be honest, this was our Plan D for lunch the day we went. Every other place was closed or SUPER crowded, so we ended up here. (The boyfriend and his family wanted BBQ)
There was a little line since there was a conference in town that day. No big deal. I asked if the mac;n'cheese and the cole slaw had meat in them (they don't) so that's what I ordered. They were both $3 each so good deal right? 
Well our meals took about an hour to come out. It was so long that we had to put more money in the meter.
When the food did come out everyone said that their meals were "okay." My side dishes were extremely small (I guess that's what you get for $3..). The mac'n'cheese didn't taste like anything so i doused it with BBQ sauce. The coleslaw basically tasted like thickly chopped cabbage with hoisin sauce. 
Next time I think we'll just wait at the other restaurants on our list instead.Eh, tried the basic dog w slaw.  Small portion of slaw for 2.75.  Dog was an after thought by the make shift "chefs".  Try else where.  It's a big room w no style in New Orleans?Ugly Dog Saloon is my favorite place this season to watch football! The bartenders are so friendly and always keep my drink full. Despite being the only Ole Miss fan most weeks, they alway turn one tv on for me, so i can sit at the bar with them to celebrate my teams up and downs. So about the food... First of all, their fried pickles are the best I've ever had! Second, Good barbeque joints are something that this city lacks, but the flavor of their BBQ is great! The sauce is smokey, sweet and has a little kick! When are you guys gonna bottle that stuff?!?I've always liked the food here, but the recent improvements have made it a great spot for more than just food.  Great live music and lots of room to get together for games.  I was recently in a jam with a caterer and Ugly Dog bailed me out last minute.  The management have truly earned all five of these stars.Devlivers to the CBD, good food, and good sports bar / grillGREAT RIBS!!!  There, isn't that all that matters?  Tasty, moist, and not too saucy.  First class ribs!  Nice collard side, too.
We were tourists, so my family was a little confused why we were going into a dumpy bar at lunchtime.  But I guess BBQ shoved into the back of bars is a typical NO thing.  The interior is fun and minimal -- picnic tables and 80s arcade and pinball games.
My wife had the brisket panini and liked it.  My son enjoyed his heavy ale.  But seriously, we're just here to discuss RIBS -- and they're great!
It's a nice 5 minute walk from the WW2 Museum.  A good way to break up the day.I live in Texas and enjoy some good pit food. Good gracious that brisket and grits is the bees knees. I think I slapped my mom twice into a coma. The burnt end sandwich is too die for. Take that and an ice cold beer to make sure all that goodness gets into your belly. Next time I am in town I am coming back to this joint. Great service, great food.Ate here, had the beef brisket. The food and quantity was not worth the $9.00 I paid for. Don't waste your time and money, go somewhere else. The corn bread was dried.Best po-boy of the trip.  Hands down, the BEST roast beef po-boy we found in NOLA. 
The place, however, is a dive, it's dirty, manky and in serious need of a face-lift.  We almost left, but we were too hungry to go anywhere else!
You go and put your order in, you pick up your food and you clean up after yourself, yet, yet the prices are expensive in spite of the 'do your own work so you don't have to tip' policy.
The mac and cheese was also nice too, it isn't on the (tattered, ripped and old) menus, but the specials board.  Have it with the roast beef po-boy!Let me start by saying that I am not a huge BBQ expert, so take this review for what it's worth.
While this place does have the moniker of "saloon", it is pretty big and spacious and has plenty of tables and chairs for dining. I stopped in here with a friend for lunch not really knowing what to expect. Looking over the menu, it seemed like typical faire. I had a pulled pork sandwich with potato salad. It was good, but it was lacking a good amount of sauce and I found it somewhat dry.
I didn't try any of the beer or spirits whilst I was here, so I can't comment on that, but they seemed to have a good number of local beers on tap.Brisket and chicken looked and tasted like it was oven-cooked vs. bar b qued. The 1/2 pound sausage plate was a joke - you can probably buy better tasting sausage at a grocery store. The location, restaurant and employees were great, I was just very dissatisfied with the food.Not the same restaurant as they were when Steve owned the place.  They need to revamp their practices.  I ate there today and had the 2 meat plate. The potions were small and reheated.  The biscuit was soggy and microwaved.  I contacted them via Facebook and they responded promptly.  I'm hopeful they will improve.This is a good place for barbecue! The ugly dog combo platter is what I ordered! Next time I'll order All Ribs!I had the Creole Burger. It was very tasty. They had a decent selection of local beers on tap. I was a little disappointed that they served a bag of Lay's potato chips as their default side though. Bartenders were made me as an outsider feel welcome even among the locals.I only came here to get a local Abita beer on tap.  The place is very big inside so if you have a big group this place will easily accommodate your group. The ex-Californian bar fly is very nice and the place has a good vibe, and the beer is a bargain.Not real BBQ and very over priced, bill was almost $50 for 2 people and all we had was a sandwich and drink each.It's a nice place to chill and have a drink. The staff is really friendly. I would recommend the pulled pork.I ordered a Burger and the meat was extremely dry. The BBQ is also broiled instead of smoked. They have a smoker out front to show how their meat is cooked and that is not the case. Decent atmosphere though.The food here is ok.  I heard great things about the coleslaw but it wasn't really my thing.  The beef brisket was alright, but not the best I've had.  I liked their bbq sauce though.I have to disagree with the negative reviews below. Laid back & relaxing, non touristy real deal place.Had the burnt ends, ribs, slaw and thoroughly enjoyed! Terrific bartender & service. No it's not for the picky &persnickety foodie, but all in glad I went and would recommend to others.Walked across the street after left starving at another restaurant and met Shawn the bartender details at The Ugly Dog Saloon and Bar. Beat Jambalaya in New Orleans and only $3, portion is huge.
Asked Shawn for a New Orleans concoction and he made me a yummy rum drink, so I ordered more.
The tables are decorated hand painted picnic tables. I can only imagine this is the place to be post game during football season.
Love this place so much came back twice before leaving town.The bartender and cooks are very nice and the food was excellent. Very relaxed environment with good beer specials. I would recommend the smoked wings and the jambalaya.I see this place as more of a bar vs a barbecue joint, so I am not sure we decided to grab lunch here. And when we received our burgers, I instantly knew why we were the only people in the whole place, the food was below average. I mean who wants to eat a dry burger...not me, but that is what I received. The mac&cheese side was average, but it tasted a little like Kraft. Not a place I would want to visit for lunch again.Visited the WW2 Museum and their restaurant had a 40 minute wait.  We looked for something close that was reasonably priced and found Ugly dog.  Had the chicken wings, bbq sandwich, bbq pork with mac and cheese, and cheeseburger.
Great tasting with tender meat.
Only knock was that it took about 20 minutes to get the food.
One of the few pleasant surprises in New Orleans.
Recommend it.Going back 14-15 years ago this was actually one of your better BBQ options here in NO. I use to eat here often back in the early 2000's as this place had a decent pulled pork meal with a nice baked potato and very good chili beans for about $10. Not Memphis or Texas quality but decent. Since then there has been a fortunate improvement in BBQ options here in NO. Since Katrina I have eaten here about 3 times before and it was still good. However I haven't been back in the last couple of years and then returned last week.
Upon entering I noticed that they have done away with the tables and chairs and gone with picnic tables decorated Big Easy style. I ordered my usual meal described below and noticed that I had to order it a la carte which resulted in a cost of $18! Big increase! 
When my food arrived it was served in separate paper bowls instead of a plate with the chili beans in a coffee mug. I immediately noticed my baked potato was way undercooked. I took it back to the cook and he said he would get me a new one. 10 minutes later it came out and as steaming hot however by then my other foods were getting cold. My pulled pork was runny with too many juices at the bottom of the paper bowl making it soupy. I put some of their BBQ sauce on it which made it taste better. Finally my chili beans were no where near as good as the old ones were. 
I must say that I was disappointed with the whole meal. It was far too expensive for the quality I received especially in a divey bar. I don't like the new Ugly Dog Saloon. Bring back the old!!! I seriously doubt I will return which saddens me because of all of my fond memories here.Good food & value. Service not there! You order at the bar & pick-up your own food. You can just leave but most people cleared their own table. Left a tip for nothing. Still, the food was good and not overpiced. Nothing special about the place!Completely rude bartender taking orders for food. Three of us waiting to order, takes two of the orders and ignores the third person. "Oh I didn't see you". Even though he had even spoken to my friend twice. We ended up splitting our meals with her. Positive: the burgers were really good!So Disappointing!!!! I use to come here every time I was in Orleans. I have not been in the past two years and ALOT has changed. They are overcharging for a poor product! I use to always say how they had the best brisket around the WORLD and I travel a lot. Now it tastes as if it was a roast kept under a heater lamp for hours dried out and no flavor. On top of it all I ordered 1/2lb (8oz) of brisket and 2.5 oz of it was non editable fat (1/4th of my meal). Needless to say we all left disappointed and unsatisfied and to never return. It's sad because I use to be able to eat here everyday when I was in town, because I couldn't get enough of it.
Later that evening:
We went to THE JOINT BBQ which is my husbands favorite it was Awesome as I remember it to be.Fantastic jambalaya! I prefer these easy going local spots instead of pretentious fancy places.Despite the bad reviews, I ate at the Ugly Dog for lunch. I had onion rings and a cheeseburger. The burger was one of the best I've had and the onion rings were delicious!!!Ordered an omelette. More than hour later I talked to the cooks. They never reveived the order. Once it came, the food was ok, but service is virtually non-existant.Boiled BBQ 
This used to be the best BBQ in Nola. 
How far can they fall?
Meat was so wet it was obviously boiled
Brisket I got was a wad of fat. Literally no meat
No smoke flavor at all. 
Sad effort for a place we used to look forward to. The re model clearly brought I new management that is not up to the jobStumbled across sports bar & BBQ. Had their 1/2 lb. pulled pork platter with a salad and homemade chili in a coffee cup side with the fixens, sour cream, cheese and onions.
Large local lunch crowd. The proof of excellence. Walk up order bar and self pick up, quick, helpful, and friendly service. 
The pulled pork was excellent, extremely tender and tasty. Much better than the "carnitas" I have eaten all my life in CA. BBQ sauce is of the vinegar style found in the south, very good.
For those of you that have had BBQ ie., from Texas, mid-west such as MO and west as CA. The BBQ sauce base is not vinegar and water. The base is tomato sauce with spices and hot peppers, etc. See the BBQ shows on TV. Or do some traveling around the U.S. I've had BBQ in the places mentioned also N & S Carolina, Ark., Kent., Alabama and all states in the west. Not all BBQ comes from Texas and not all is smoked.
I personally like smoked BBQ with rubbed spices and a thick peppery sauce.
Perfect place to see sporting events with many TVs and a casual relaxed but loud environment.If this is only 3 stars then we are in for some goooood food in this city. Ugly tacos rocked! The bbq sauce was a great mix of tangy, sweet and spicy. Loved it and will be back! There were 5 of us....clean plates alllll around!This place is a dive. One heck of a dive! I was working for several weeks at the nearby convention center and this was one of the few options to walk to and from and get served in an hour. I'm glad it worked out that way. We liked it so much we went there for dinner a lot too. The Cuban sandwich rocks. Red Beans & Rice w/sausage is great. The sides are spot on. But here is the best thing about The Ugly Dog... the Cajun style coleslaw! I couldn't quite put my finger on the secret ingredient... and they wouldn't tell me... but I figured it out. Try it and see if you can guess!Good place to kick back, relax and eat some bbq. They have picnic benches inside, you order your food at the bar and then pick up by the kitchen when your buzzer goes off. You get little dog bowls to eat from (this was a cute concept). Inside is a bit dark, we had to use our phone lights to read the menu.
We ordered the smoked chicken wings as appetizers and they were really good. The. We ordered 2 Ugly Dog Combo Platters : 1/2 chicken, pulled pork, ribs, burnt edges (of the brisket), coleslaw, biscuits, loaded baked potato and mac & cheese. This was all order for 4 people and there was enough for a dog bag to take home. (See what I did there)
The chicken was a bit dry and flavorleas but everything else was really good. The burnt edges and ribs were a crowd pleaser.unfortunately i had a large breakfast the day i came here so i wasn't terribly hungry but the pulled pork sandwich and there homemade bbq sauce was great! i had some of my friends chilli and there was a taste in there that struck me wrong. but over all great place!Great BBQ spot! They were out of burnt ends but the Ugly Pig sandwich was awesome. I'll definitely be back.Wonderful time!! The owners are very friendly and make sure all customers are having a great experience. I'll be back next time I'm in New Orleans.A friendly local neighborhood BAR that sells food.  NOTHING FANCY.  They do spicy BBQ but pretty good for a KC BBQ judge and lover.  Home made Cole Slaw had a kick, was different and good.  Brisket was best of all meats, Ribs better than average but their sauce is a real disappointment.  Local folks were going hog wild on boiled Crawfish by the pound.  Near Convention center and hotels and prices fairly compared to many in same area.  Us tourists were welcomed by the locals in all types of dress on a Saturday late afternoon.In town for business, came by to watch Monday night football....Could be a pretty cool local bar, but the place could use some improvements - TVs are way too small for the size of the place and inside probably hasn't been updated since it opened, but the Bartender was friendly and the cole slaw was pretty damn good.Not sure why this gets sacked. ?!?! First off, we went here years ago and enjoyed it. Came here again and were scared off by reviews. We had more than enough food for $36 for 3 people. Pulled chicken, brisket and pork nachos were amazing.... They were out of the smoked potatoes which was sad. The bartender recommended the slaw ... We were dubious..... We hate mayo and slaw. Quite simply.... It was Thai based, delish and I could have eaten a container of it. Only disappointment was that my french bread- served on request- was not toasted.Excellent establishment from the food to the drinks. Not many options between 3pm and 5pm but this place was open and I was hungry.  The combo plate and the Mac and cheese with the brisket were my choice and they both were right on point!We were touring the WWII Museum and the guys wanted manly food. Quick check of Yelp and saw this place was close. You walk up to the bar to order and then they call you up to the back to pick up your order. 
Mixed reviews on this one. Some in the group thought it was pretty good but others not impressed. Most if us ordered pulled pork sandwich which came with bag of chips. They claim to have great coleslaw for an additional charge. Tried it out and it was different for a change. I'm not sure if it was dressed with bbq sauce or a type of French dressing.Brisket amazing!  Drinks ice cold!  Our servers welcomed us and made us feel like a part of the crew!  The Mac and cheese was homemade, pretty sure the bbq is from heaven!  Five stars and then some!!The worst bar in NOLA!! Having UGLY in the name of this place is very appropriate and telling.  My husband went to this place tonight 6/10/17 - a Saturday and during Pride week.  There were only 4 people at the bar and no one in restaurant.  That should have been our first hint that this place is horrible.  We wanted to go service.  My husband and I stood at the end of the bar where there was a sign that said -To go and pick up orders.  We stood there for 5 minutes while the bartender was at other end talking to a couple of patrons.  My husband asked for service and the bartender proceeds to yell across bar - Hey dude, one customer at a time.   We leave immediately.  Every other bar in area is filled!  If you treat patrons like this bartender did, no wonder there were only 4 people in this bar at 9pm in NOLA on a Saturday night.  Never ever again!!I was impressed with the barbecue here! And I'm creole! They don't play here! Service was great! Very casual and cool place! Try it!The picture i see and the food I got are way different!!!! Please check out exhibit (A) below. Looks like they fed me leftovers. I gave them an extra star because they gave me water. It was really hot outside.BBW was tender and delicious. Only one flavor of sauce. Would like to have a choice with a little more heatGreat dive place near Convention Center. Be careful walking here though at night.  Street is a little dark.  Picnic tables and loud music sets the scene.  Food is delicious.  Rotisserie chicken is finger licking good. Try a Hurricane at the bar.   Full service bar.  Great place to try in New OrleansIn town for a work convention. This was within walking distance of the hotel and many others.  Looking for food a little later than normal this was the right place at the right time!
Greeted with a smile from the bartender she informed us how the placing an order picking it up works. She did a fantastic job of getting our drinks whipped up lightning fast!
BBQ pork sliders and Mac and cheese with some fries...easy enough and it all came out fast and hot!  
Another person at the table had a BBQ Pork potato that she loved! 
If in the area again I will definitely stop in for food and drinks. 
Thank you for being awesome on this day!
Respectfully,
Bryan 
OKCAte at the bar with a buddy around 9:00pm. Bartender service was fine, but the food is subpar at best. I had the Ribs at 13.50. They came out small and tasteless, I had to drench it with bbq sauce. I came in with the expectation of eating some really good ribs, however came out disappointed. I gave it two stars, because the service was good and the bartender was attentive.$49 for two meals and an appetizer.  All meats were tasteless; 1/4 chicken, pulled chicken, brisket and smoked wings.I came here for the first time today. My bartenders were awesome! Corinne and John had great recommendations for drinks and made sure my drink was never empty! Even when it was extremely busy at the bar, they made me feel welcomed and at home here.I have been to New Orleans four times and make sure to have a meal every time!  Great Food!!We "stumbled" upon this place after flying in from the west coast. It was close to our hotel and we really enjoyed our meal. Adequate portions but was pretty expensive. Two, 2 meat platters, one Stella and one coke was $44 before tip. This is a typical bar/BBQ joint. Don't expect waiter service. You have to pick up your food from the kitchen window b
Shared picnic tables and paper towels for napkins. TV's throughout and a pool table. 
Thank goodness they provide stainless flatware and not plastic.  Food is served on an aluminum "plate". Paper and plastic are a personal pet peeve when traveling. 
Ribs were very tender and smoky. Finger lickin good. Yum.
1/4 fried chicken was very good. Tender and juicy with a crisp skin. The star of our meal was the sausage. OMG!!!!!!  It was AWESOME!!!!!!  Coleslaw and mac and cheese was food, not great. Cheddar biscuit a little too dry for my liking but hubby liked it a lot. 
Overall a good meal. Only thing we didn't like was the price. We'd go back and we'd recommend it.The food was great. But as I paid at the counter I didn't tip and my credit card told me that there was a 20% tip. So the restaurant added without my advice. I asked the manager and he said that they only charged me for the food. I have to talk with my credit card but is something strange.Place was mostly empty at lunch and still took 45 minutes for lunch. ITS A BBQ JOINT! Just cut it up and put it on a plate. How long does that take?  Spoke to the cooks and they were dicks about it. Ended up walking out.Would give a 2.5 if possible. This place looks much better after the change in ownership and remodeling, but unfortunately the food is shite. The signature bbq pulled pork tastes strangely like chicken (as far as texture is concerned) and the Mac and cheese and potato salad are not very good. I cannot speak on any of the other food. The atmosphere is pretty nice, especially sitting next to the window on a pretty day. My coke has too much syrup in it, and not enough carbonation. I was originally going to get a beer, but I figured it was a little early in the day, so I grabbed a coke. I realize this may be petty, but when a place cannot even keep their fountain drinks up to par, I have a hard time believing they care much about anything else. (For those of you who don't know, every restaurant controls their own carbonation to syrup ratio). I will probably come back here again within the year, but only because I live next door and I tend to get tired of the other food around me.Get the brisket over pulled pork, you won't be disappointed.
They had a special on mac and cheese for the day: it was so delicious. And I consider myself to be a connisseur of mac and cheese...penne noodles, right amount of pepper and so cheesy.Very fatty pull pork sandwich, pretty good vinegar based bbq sauce, I also got the side salad and the dilled potato salad.  My bf ordered the chicken sandwich and a side order of broccoli.  Was okay for bar food.I stopped in at this saloon a few years back just on a whim, and loved it!  Went back today while visiting NOLA, and it was still amazing after 3 years.  Best coleslaw on the planet and goes so well in the pulled pork sandwich.  The atmosphere is nothing fancy, but the BBQ is awesome.I was in town visiting and wanted to watch my football team #NYGIANTS play and wanted something to eat. it was a great combination. nice drink and food specials. the staff was friendly and helpful. had a overall good experience. I will most def visit again. keep up the good job.Fun dive sports bar in the warehouse district. Let's face it, the BBQ is bad. So, go here for cheap drinks and friendly service if you are staying in the arts district. Lots of local color and jam packed for a Saints game = a good time.Don't even know where to begin this tale of awfulness. Bottom line, I received neither quality nor quantity for my hard earned money, and worst of all I left hungry!! I ordered a 1/4 lb. sausage plate for $6.50. It comes with a small bag of Lay's potato chips (not even Zapp's). To upgrade to a real side dish was an extra $1.50 so I opted for coleslaw. 
So, for a total of $8.00, I got a 4-inch sausage link, split in half and warmed - no visible grill marks - and some raunchy cabbage mixed with mayonnaise and barbecue sauce. The coleslaw was in dire need of some acid and sweetness. I guess they thought that the barbecue sauce would cover that, but it didn't. The cabbage was rough cut into unwieldy chunks. The unsettlingly brown colored slaw and the flaccid sausage didn't even take up 1/2 of my plate! 
I brought it up to the counter and asked them to grill the sausage a little more. They offered me a bun with it (I didn't know you had to specifically ask for a bun when you ordered). I ate the link and filled up on about 6 packs of saltines. 
That was a complete waste of $12 ($8 plate plus a $1.50 drink, tax and tip). I spent that exact amount at El Gato Negro on Sunday, was full, satisfied, and took home a container of leftovers. I could have even had two Subway combo meals for $12. I could have had a delicious burger and onion rings from Company Burger. The list of better deals is endless.
Never again! Diners beware. The only plus is that the ladies who take your order behind the counter are nice.I had medium expectations and they were apparently too high.  The prices on the menu weren't right apparently because I was charged $2 more than what the menu says.  The menu said it came with 2 sides but when I started to order those, I was told that it cones with kettle chips and cornbread.  So apparently they pick the two sides??  I went with it though.  The kettle chips was just a bag of regular old Lays and the cornbread was a little stale and a lot dry.  
The meat was average at best.  The pulled pork was more like chopped pork and was kind of fatty and not in a good flavorful way.  The Cajun sausage was on but really greasy.  The fact that my food was ready within about 3 minutes obviously tells me that it wasn't much more than fast food for more money.  With a glass of iced tea, I was up to over $15 which seemed pretty pricey given the type and quality of good.
I think this is really just a bar that has some food there.  I'm really confused at some of the other reviews unless they have changed owners or management or something because this really wasn't even really average in any way, let alone good.I stopped in here while in town for a conference, looking for some place to grab a beer on Sunday afternoon. Wasn't very busy (probably ~10 people), the staff were friendly (and cool with my companion's baby being with us), and it was a nice casual, dive-y atmosphere to hang out and chat. The only food we ordered was fries, which were scrumptiously seasoned.Okay so prior to eating here I looked at the reviews so I was skeptical. There are not many good BBQ places in the city and this place being the oldest I had to check it out. I was pleasantly surprised with brunch! Omg the fries were perfect. Not over season, crunchy yet soft. I got the BBQ brisket omelette with Swiss and it was great! Melts cheese and juicy meat! I also got the BBQ brisket biscuit and loved it. Lot of food for 2 but we pulled it off! Grits were a good side but I've had better, I'd stick with the fries. The ambiance was cool, large inside and fun picnic tables- perfect for a group! I need to come back for another meal!Food was cool although it could have been a larger portion, but I think I got forever ruined after eating BBQ in Texas, as that is the Mecca of barbeque food. Bartender was great and very attentive. Wanted bbq and didn't want to walk to far so if you're in the area wouldn't hurt to give it a go.Not a bad bar and not a bad place to watch a game though a bit disappointing if you want food. Considering BBQ is in the name you would expect a solid BBQ. The food is plated poorly, mediocre tasting (at best), and a bit pricey for what you get. Honestly in New Orleans it is surprising that they serve food so blah and have stayed in business. Overall two stars at best considering the options available.This place blows. Wood across the street got rained out so we sought retreat in the Ugly Dog. The line to order food was about 30 people deep. Good sign, we thought. 
There was one person taking orders and the line was barely moving. Ok, I can deal with a fluke understaffed night. I left my friends to place a drink order. The bar was not that crowded and it took the bartender about 15 minutes to look at me and then take my order. Everyone seemed to be moving quickly but NOTHING WAS GETTING DONE. It was almost comical, except I was starving and needed a beer. And neither were coming quickly enough. After 45 minutes in line (no joke), the order was finally placed. Another 45 minutes later and the food was finally ready. There were two people making food. Food was so-so, I had the pulled pork sliders and cole slaw. Both were good. Cole slaw was better than the sliders but not amazing. Nothing offensive but certainly not exceptional. My SO got a burger... It tasted like a shoe. Overcooked, dry, boring, plain. Fortunately he liked it, and the broccoli he ordered as a side was surprisingly fresh and well cooked. Honestly a really disappointing experience. The staff was friendly but incredibly inefficient. My SO also said the men's urinal trough was full of vomit. 
All this was made worse by the fact that the place was crawling with families and teenagers in town for some stupid volleyball convention and kept breaking into annoying song and attempting to start a restaurant-wide wave along with some selfie stick-wielding tourists. Perhaps it was our fault for wondering in without checking ahead on Yelp. Lesson learned hardcore. 
Never going again.Let's face it, this place is a dive.  The BBQ, however, is amazing!  I had the baked potato with pulled pork.  Cheap drinks, good cheap food, Sunday Ticket.  What more could a girl ask for?  Oh, and comfy barstools to boot.Ribs were perfect! Brisket and sausage were good as well! Get the Potato salad as a side, not your normal recipe, but is well worth it. Big place, great staff, and lots of food for your money. BBQ tastes are very subjective...I eat and try BBQ without sauce and get the flavor of the meat. Their method brings out the natural flavor without overwhelming it with spices. Want some tang? Add some of their sauce! I understand that they have new ownership and are going to honor their tradition and try to build on it... Great job! Oh yeah, great music as well!Sport bar look but really good bbq. Order in one station, pick up in another. Bench seating. Food is good forget the ambiance. The BBQ sauce is perfect.This is the most racist establishment I have ever been to.  As dark skinned folks, we pretty much saw this all across nee orleans - which is quite disappointing in this time and age - but this was the worst. The bartenders were quite cold and always gave snappy answers when we asked for anything. For example, what do you have on tap - I can't list all the beers on tap - this ain't a fancy menu bar?. Seriously, if u don't have a menu and you can't tell what you have, how can we order ? When we asked for food, you aint getting srvc here - just go to the counter and see what u can get 
Such businesses should be run out of businessMy husband and I came here during our visit to New Orleans to catch a Barcelona / Real Madrid match. The atmosphere is totally dive-ish, but the food is outstanding!! 
We ended up coming to New Orleans the same weekend that Venezuela was holding elections (and recently decided to close the delegate office in Miami). So many Venezuelan expats were in town to vote that this place was packed full of Barcelona fans. Definitely not the norm for a Sunday afternoon in this town!
We ordered the sausage, brisket, potato salad, and coleslaw. And then we went back for more coleslaw. It really. was the best coleslaw we've had to date!
The only reason I can't give this place 5 stars is because, as I write this, my clothes still reek of BBQ.I stopped in here because the fancier restaurants had long lines, a lath bar/restaurant with only about 10 customers should of been a warning but the bbq smoky aroma drew me in. I had some ribs and sausage which were both really dry and seemed like that had been sitting for a couple days. The bbq sauce was good but I certainly would not recommend or go back.Very good food and my type of place. They were out of ribs, but the burnt end sandwich was incredible, as was the mac and cheese. They had a few pool tables, a bunch of picnic tables, and a decent sized patio. I came in late from the airport and found this place still open at 10:30.Wasn't impressed with the food, but at least there were good beer prices. My ribs were tough and difficult to eat. They had decent flavor but I wasn't definitely more caught on up on how hard the ribs I got were. The macaroni and cheese was nice had a good creamy textured cheese. My fries could have been out of grocery freezer bag though. They were bland as bland can be. Also the table was sticky.Ugly Dog is a great place for lunch. 
Come in and head to the bar to order. There are all types of combo plates, sandwiches and even salads. After you order, pick a table and wait for your number to be called. 
My favorite is the brisket plate with potato salad and a baked potato. The brisket is different that other BBQ briskets I have had, but it is really good. It comes in large chunks and benefits from the sauce available at each table. If you like your BBQ without sauce it may be a tad dry, but I like sauce so it works perfectly. 
The baked potato is standard and the potato salad is really good. 
Ugly Dog is not your standard BBQ joint. If your expecting a typical Texas BBQ, you may be disappointed. It is very good, but different. It is kind of hard to explain, but it is definitely worth a try. 
If you come for lunch, come early. The place gets very crowded around 1145-1200.Okay place to drink and watch sports since there are a lot of TVs, but don't expect table service so if you're seated at one of the many tables in this place be prepared to walk up to the bar every time you want to order food or drinks.  Strange.  Even stranger is that people seem to like the BBQ here.  Really?  On a recent visit (with friends from out of town who wanted to come here because their tour driver recommended it - ugh!) we tried virtually everything on the menu.  I guess if your reference point is cafeteria food then this BBQ might be a little above average but that's about it.
If you really want BBQ in town go to McClure's or The Joint or Blue Oak, or NOLA Smokehouse.  You don't have TVs at those places but you'll have awesome BBQ that will show just how bad the food is at Ugly Dog Saloon.  This place is below average in a hot neighborhood, so I'd have to guess it may not be long before Ugly Dog Saloon & BBQ shuts the doors and someone else puts a good restaurant/bar on this high traffic corner...When I travel I try and find some good localish types of food. 
Found this BBQ spot after work and had pulled pork, Cajun sausage mac n cheese with a cheddar biscuit. 
Prices are pretty fair. I am from California so I guess I'm used to over paying for things.
Pulled pork was awesome nice and tender not dry at all, Cajun sausage was good just what I was expecting. The mac n cheese was good. Not to creamy and we'll seasoned. 
I plan on coming back for lunch before I head back home.Solid sauce. Good options. Hole in the wall. We liked the food overall. Good spot for lunch.one of the best bbqs close to the warehouse distIts a bar but the food is just amazing. They have today's special for 8 dollars (worth it). 
One block away from the National WWII museumThis is a divey bar with decent BBQ. We came with a big party and wrote our orders down for the cashier and our order was still messed up. I ordered the sausage and it was underwhelming for $9. The wait wasn't very long, though. The atmosphere of the place is your typical dive bar. Picnic tables, large screen TVs playing sports, and some video game machines.Okay, I'm hooked on this place.  Perfect lunch time haunt for NOLA CBD.  Easy ingress and egress.  But the most important thing is the BBQ is simply wonderful.  You have to try the coleslaw!!Good beer, good wings, pool table, huge space. There's a great range of beers too. It was quiet (well, it was a Wednesday night) but I'd imagine this place jumps on the right night. This is a place worthwhile putting on your list of places to go in NoLa.Well there are no wait staff but ordering is very simple. I had the mouth watering coleslaw, side salad and a Baked Potato with pulled chicken. I would have like a suggestion of a sauce because the potato was dry. Other than that I will be back!! It was just right.Skip it. Lousy Bar-B-Que, had the brisket, was like something from McDonaldsOrdered for the first time through ubereats and am sadly disappointed. Brisket was dry, mac and cheese greasy, and sausage half cold.  For the price, $12.50, it was way overpriced. Don't expect to ever order from here again.Don't let the name fool you.  This spot is amazing!
We live a oak from the Ugly Dog and have been here many times.
You seat ourself, then you order and pay at the bar, get your drinks and then you get buzzed when Odis ready.
The food is so so delicious.  The lace is full of TVs and t even had pool tables.  It is quite appropriate for families as well.  
Highly recommended, my favorite is the Ribs plate.Yuuuuuuummmmm!I watch the Bills here. That's basically the only thing I like about this place.
The food is.......not good.
All you can eat BBQ on Thursday nights and the place is like a tomb. I would imagine this is because the food is.....not good.
There are a million other places to get food and drinks. I suggest you check all of them before this place.From out of town? Go to the Ugly Dog. It won't be in your tourist guides, it might even be a little hard to find, but you'll be happy you looked. Good, solid food (the red beans and rice are more than solid), good bar atmosphere, and great people serving and sipping will make you go home and tell stories about how great an experience it was visiting New Orleans. There are probably better examples of Southern Hospitality...but not for this writer. Thanks Ugly Dog...you're great.One needs to set their expectations when choosing to dine here.  It's a dive bar atmosphere.  However, you'd still expect them to wipe off a table when clearing it.  The guy who cleared our table just removed the plates and then moved on to the next table.  I noticed the nice lady at the bar wiped the tables down when she joined to help, so perhaps it was just our guy who delivered poor service.  In any case, I wiped the table myself (and kicked aside a wing bone) before letting the family eat.  
The food was a pleasant surprise considering the look of the place.  Brisket panini was flavorful.  My son enjoyed his wings.  The rotisserie chicken was moist.  
Three stars because of the food, but they need to step up their service game.food was nothing impressive , they messed up my order and did right by adjusting the bill. but the flavors lacked.Slooooooooow service @ 2 in the afternoon on a Thursday.  I can't imagine that would improve at a busy time. The end result of waiting for 45 minutes for 2 brisket sandwiches was... Lackluster. Meat was OK.  Cole slaw looked strange &  tasted like the tasteless BBQ sauce. For a place with very few items on the menu there was no excuse to be this slow. I would not recommend. Sorry.Half pound of brisket on French bread for under $10.  
40 Arpent Milk stout on tap. 
Numerous TVs for the game. 
Total local dive bar.I recently came here for a liquor training session for one of the promo companies I work for. It's your traditional BBQ joint, nothing fancy. We had our training session in a separate room so we had no distractions. They provided food, which was delicious! The pulled pork was so tender, and the BBQ sauce did just the trick without overpowering the pork. All in all, I would definitely come back here the next time I'm in the area.The best time I had in New Orleans was most certainly at this bar! It was a dive. It was dark. The food seemed popular, I was on a liquid diet. And the people were great. We played some pool, yelled Go Patriots over the loud speaker, made obscene gestures, and basically acted like lunatics and they still welcomed us. That's hard to say in many other places! Overall Ugly Dog was exactly what I was looking for in a bar. Low key, fun, near the convention center, and a great crowd. Perfect!Bad dog! 
It's hard for me to believe how far the Ugly Dog Saloon has fallen. My family and I have been coming to NOLA for years. We heard about Ugly Dog almost a decade ago and instantly fell in love. (OMG, that coleslaw!) Since then, we've always made it a point to eat there every time we visit the Crescent City. Our visit today was unlike anything I've ever experienced there or even at the seediest bars. The first things we noticed which should have tipped us off to the fact that things wouldn't quite be the same were: 
1. We quickly found a parking spot (always difficult to do in New Orleans, but especially here at lunch time).
2. The entire interior was completely remodeled. The old interior was charming in its disorder. 
3. The waitress at the bar couldn't ring up our order correctly.
Once we got our food, things quickly got worse. I used to always get the burgers here - absolutely amazing, juicy, cheesy, glorious burgers. The one I got today was cold. How do you make a cold burger? Even the bun was cold. How does this even happen? I'm guessing they had the whole thing preassembeled in the refrigerator, took it out, and then popped it in the microwave after I ordered it. Also, we got our food way too quickly for it to have been freshly prepared. The cooks weren't wearing hairnets, which is probably why there was hair in my mother's food. Her order wasn't rung correctly to begin with and then they didn't even give her everything she did pay for!
All in all, I have to say that I'm heartily disappointed in the sad, new state of my old Ugly Dog Saloon. The waitress did confirm that they are under new management and unfortunately for them, they're doing it all wrong. 
Roll over and play dead before you come here, that's one bad dog!This trip was our first time in New Orleans. We hit the French Quarter and did the tourist thing. I wasn't impressed with the incredibly expensive experience, nor the homeless population or the outrageous filth. However we did find this little gem on our last night. Thank you to Corine of Ugly Dog  to give us a reason to actually come back. The food was delicious with the exception that the stuffing was missing from the stuffed chicken but the bar service was great.  We didn't make a fuss about the problem with our food because we didn't realize it until we got back to the hotel. I would recommend double checking your food but it was good. The smoked sauage and the jambayla was delicious but always check your food! Given the price, quality of food ( very good), and service, we we're very satisfied.Staying in town while my husband works. UDS was close to hotel and since I was walking was good. Was craving some good BBQ. After checking around..found this place. Had the ribs with a side of Mac and cheese. Wish I had known the ribs came with sauce on them. Being an OKIE and self proclaimed BBQ connoisseur..this disappoints me. The ribs were cooked good and would have been tasty alone and not covered in some yucky BBQ sauce. That's a shame. You know what they say about BBQ that comes with the sauce on!   js  The Mac and cheese was ok..didn't blow my socks off by any means!! Will I go in again...probably! Will I eat there...probably not!!A friend of mine was playing in the band performing there tonight so me my wife and son went to see him. We decided to eat there while we were at it. MISTAKE!!!  I got a burger. Best thing any of us got. However it was chargrilled good on the outside but red in the middle. Good for a steak, not for ground meat. My wife got the ugly dog club sandwich. It was horrible. She couldn't finish half. My son got a combo BBQ dinner. Pulled chicken and brisket or should I say chicken and 90% fat. The reviews I read were not all that great but I decided to give it a shot anyway. Probably the only reason this place survives is because it is in the city where a lot of people are walking the street and pop in for a bite. I recommend walking a little further. 
Mr. Brutally Honest.The UDS is a very peculiar, iconic place.  It has been one of our favorite neighborhood hang-outs & bars for a decade.
The BBQ is marginal, at best.  The menu is undecipherable, even to us regulars.  However, their unique potato salad & coleslaw are just GREAT.
Ask for a chopped BBQ sandwich, or a brisket & ribs plate.
Domestic beers are now $4, pricey for their crowd.  Occasional live music bands of variable quality.  5 only off-street parking spaces, plus a bike rack.  Covered front patio for smokers, no smoke inside.
What prompted this "new" review?  Several months ago, they replaced all of their very worn tables & chairs with carpentry "picnic tables".  While these tables don't look unusual, they are extremely uncomfortable to sit at or on.  Must have been designed by the Marquis de Sade.  Pure TORTURE for us poor diners.
UDS is a great respite "rest area" for those tiring of parade watching at the nearby "Lee Circle", or those seeking an oasis near the wonderful National WW-II Museum, almost next-door.
I say:  Eat at bar !  Or take your plates "to go" !
Numerous large TV's for sports.  Can be very, very loud inside.  Customers are a collegial mix of yuppie condo dwellers, ex-jocks, med students, college girls, & lost tourists.
One of the UDS' major attractions were the African Pygmy cooks from Burkina Fasso; but they have been hired-away by the staid "Brennan's" on Rue Royal.  I miss speaking pigeon-French with those very nice little fellows.
Come in, have a coldbeer, & test the atmosphere.  Decide for yourself.
RickThis rating is based solely on one visit/ one dish.  Anyone who loves a good roast beef po-boy must give the ugly dog saloon a try.  Their roast beef poboy is a little different than most as it's made with BRISKET !!! Under 10 bucks. A true dive.The food was excellent our bus driver said it was a place not to miss and he was correct.  The smoked Cajun sausage and the fries were  amazing.  It wasn't very busy but it was Wednesday at 5ish.  While I was there a parade went by and I have no idea why, but it was neat.Stoped in for lunch after visiting the World War 11 Museum. had one the best burgers and pulled pork  sandwiches so far on this visit to New Orleans. Very friendly staff, the bartender gave us great recommendations and could not have been nicer!  great experiencePretty low-key place. Not the barbecue I wanted I hope to get in Nola overall... not good not badPool hall ambiance, friendly staff, solid barbecue.
I heard word from people that there was a good barbecue spot not far away from the convention center, and this was the closest place I found.  It was an easy four-block walk from the convention so it made for a good lunch spot (definitely a better option than any food court in the area).
Across the street from Cochon/Cochon Butcher, Ugly Dog is a solid everyman lunch, with the casual ambiance and friendly cool staff lending itself to a casual lunching spot.  I saw a lot of workers here during my lunch visit, which was a good sign.  You walk in, place an order and grab a table until your number is called with your food.
Barbecue is definitely the way to go here.  The pulled pork sandwich was well made and hearty with the perfectly tender pulled pork dressed with just the right amount of BBQ sauce.  I ordered mine as a platter with two sides since I wanted a side of mac n' cheese and the lady behind the registered suggested it as a better deal.  The mac n' cheese was perfectly made with the perfect balance of creamy and cheesy.  That and my side salad made for a well-rounded meal.
What the people say is true - this IS the barbecue spot.  Have a try if you find yourself nearby.Got a quick pulled pork w/ fries. It also came with a cheddar biscuit. Loved the fries and biscuit! So good. The fries reminded me of curly fries & potato wedges mixed together. The pulled pork was a little dry though.Cool bar. Local feel. Good place for games if you want to miss the crowds. If you go there specifically for the food you will be disappointed. Not that good.Came here for lunch when attending conference just across the way. Very friendly staff and speedy service. I had smoked Cajun sausage with coleslaw and cornbread - very tasty. Good selection of local beer. A little divey, but again very friendly staff.This bar/restaurant is my destination of choice while in NOLA for the Saints Game... I usually drive a limo or bus load of people to the game and watch Saints football here.  Very good food and quality service.  The Bacon Cheese burger is the best I've had in a long time.  Right near the Childrens Museum and D-day WWII Museum.Food is overpriced for the quality and the service is mediocre at best.  
I went with a couple friends to this place on a trip to New Orleans to visit the WWII museum.  When we arrived we were pretty hungry and opted to go to the Ugly Dog Saloon instead of the Museum cafe.  We chose wrong.  The person taking orders was borderline rude, they didn't have sweet tea (in the South this should be illegal), and the sausage sandwich I paid $10 on was basically a piece of sausage on a roll, definitely not worth $10.  Next time I'll just go to an AM PM.Of all the places we've been in New Orleans I'm amazed by a little hot dog, taco, BBQ in an old gas station!  Wonderful coleslaw, the ugly fries with cheese sauce, green chili sauce and pull pork are a must try!  6 people in our group and everyone was delighted with the food.What more can you ask for?  Good food, a neighborhood watering hole feel, and plenty of southern rock and sports.  I took my wife, MIL and two daughters to have some BBQ and watch the NCAA finals.  Completely cool.  My 10 year old played the sequined piano for a while before tip-off.    Had a bunch of food, beer and martinis for around $70.00.  
Mike the bartender is a really cool and interesting guy who knows a lot about the vibe of the city.  Definitely worth a chat with him if you want to get off the tourist track.
Nice respite.Across the street from Cochon so we came here while we waited for our table. Had a few cheap drinks and hung out with the locals. Nothing fancy but it smelled of BBQ and we got some liquor in us. No complaints there!Things I liked: dog friendly, beers on tap, casual atmosphere
Things I didn't like: interior feels cavernous and stale, food was mediocreStopped by for $1 rib night and was very disappointed with the outcome. My friend and I wanted something to eat before our weekly bike ride and we decided to try the $1 rib deal. When I walk in I already don't like the setup of ordering at the bar instead of having the food and bar ordering at two separate locations since we had to fight with the bar patrons to order the food. Then when I got the ribs I was pleasantly surprised by how big they were and full of meat the downside was that they were tasteless with little rub and smoke flavor. I proceeded to drown my ribs in sauce while my friend who is not a sauce aficionado decided to continue to eat the dry until he gave up and threw half of his order away. If it wasn't for the cattleman's sauce I would have probably done the same with mine. Most likely will not be coming here again since there are many better food choices elsewhere in the area.I just has a cheeseburger, but it exceeded expectations. They don't have any fried fries, but the had some delicious healthy alternatives. Definitely over average bar food.Very unremarkable, and I probably won't be back. The bartender was the bright spot in the place yesterday afternoon. He was very sweet and attentive. That said, there are a LOT of great restaurants in the city, and probably two great bars for every great restaurant. For that reason alone I don't understand why some business owners are happy to settle for less than mediocrity. No, not every place can be amazing, and not every owner/manager has a vision, but those that obviously don't make any effort to try should be passed on to someone who does. I wouldn't mind so much except it's so obvious that someone has given up on caring about the food quality here. I'm a dive bar fanatic and there are some GREAT ones out there. Ugly Dog just doesn't cut it- there's too many options that *are* worth your time and money. For $10+ you get $4 worth of meat that has to be smothered in sauce, a small bag of chips, and two-day-old cornbread.  I came in with 3 other folks and everyone had the same "eh" feeling about the place, but it happened to be in the right location at the right time for us. Contrarily, I ate at the pizza place next door a few days prior and really enjoyed it.Cute name. Decent bar, mediocre BBQ. If you are near the convention center and need something to eat I'd only go here if Cochon Butcher is full and you can't wait. 
They're pretty spacious and good for big groups. Lots of open space with long tables.  Darts and pool tables are available and the walls are covered in televisions all tuned to different channels. 
I'd recommend this place as a bar, maybe, but not for the food. The pork and brisket were fair to middling at best and the slaw seemed like it came from a plastic tub.  The sauces were heavy and too sweet.A great neighborhood bar with good drink specials and BBQ!this place was awesome. My friends and I went there 3 times during our first 5 day trip.  We went back again on our second trip to NOLA and the food was just as good as we remembered.I wish I could give this place a better review.... That being said, here's my issues...
1. Brisket was cold and dry as hell. And no way I got 4 ounces...
2. Pulled pork also dry as hell and cold.
3. Corn bread was cardboard.
4. Ribs, delicious but when it says a half rack for 4$ extra dollars on top of the 12.50 and they only give you three bones, I have a problem. And they were also cold.
Have chicken was the only thing on the plate hot and it was great. 
We were the first ones here. You would think the food would be hot....
Probably won't come back.Checking out all the places here and being close I gave it a try. On first entering I was pleased with the look and  the size of the bar. I  was there for happy hour sod all the appetizers excluding the wings are half price. Definitely must come for happy hour. I  had the ugly dog nachos and was overwhelmed by the size of the nachos. It was a mountain of food and very tasty with pulled pork and all the fixins. I  had a few beers and when presented with the bill I was surprised to see it was only 20 dollars. This is more of a dive bar but it was clean and the service was pretty good also. If I'm out again during happy hour I will stop back. Another stop on my New Orleans tour.This is your basic neighborhood bar.  Great place to go before having an excellent dinner across the street at Cochon.   Wouldn't see any other reason to come here if you didn't live nearby.Stumbled into this place coming from Lee Circle after a Mardi Gras parade one day, and two things stuck out to me.
Cheap beer which is a major plus.
Trough urinal filled with ice...in February?
I didn't eat here, but I will definitely stop by on my next trip to New Orleans judging from the reviews.Very cool spot and atmosphere. Service was great. Mac and cheese was no Bueno and the brisket was just ehh. Good spot but just ok food.Stopped on our way to Houston. Had the BBQ Pork Mac&cheese. Yuuuuuummmmmmm. Oh my goodness, I was so shocked by how good it was. Absolutely planning to come back when we visit again.Ugly Dog turned out to be the perfect place to take shelter in an unexpected torrential downpour. And speaking of pouring, these bartenders know what's up! We had a great experience here riding out the storm by passing the time with some pinball playing, nudey photo hunt, and best of all shots and beers. Seems like a pretty straightforward joint with some fun regulars and easy going bartenders. Not the best selection of beers but hey, not terrible either. We didn't try the food because we were hoping for some vegetarian options that day but after reading some other reviews I may have to come back for their BBQ when I'm feeling carnivorous. Spacious, a little divey, and loads of fun.We walked in not knowing what to expect, and were greeted with the aroma of amazing food. Ordered New Orleans Style Jambalaya and collard greens. Oh man, could not wait to enjoy the delicious food. Well, I was not disappointed. Delicious!4 out of five stars, great place to get the bbq ribs you are looking for. Picnic bench style restaurant both indoor and outdoor eating. I had ordered ribs with baked potato and coleslaw on the side. Ribs were fantastic potato could have been a little more warmer to melt cheese on top. Also coleslaw is not the traditional New York style but still tasty great little place for some good ribsUgly Dog is one of our regular watering-hole stops.  The BBQ is not wonderful but some of the unique sides are very good.
This is a locals place frequently stumbled upon by tourists; there for the National WW-II Museum or the nearby Convention Center.
It is across the street from "Cochon", the overpriced yuppie darling.  The cooks from Cochon eat at Ugly Dog !.
Varied customers; lawyers in suits, pro athletes, college students, young doctors in scrubs, workers from nearby offices, etc.
Order at bar-end, pick up at other end when number is called.  
In this city of thousands of neat places, Ugly dog is worth a stop.
RickRead many good reviews and thought we'd give it a try. Ordered the smoked pulled chicken, brisket, and ribs. We ate the ribs, then ordered more ribs. The brisket was served in cubes and way too fatty. The chicken a tad dry. But those ribs! Next time, just the ribsAbsolutely horrible!!! Do not waist your money. Nola has too many better places to enjoy. I live close by and was craving some BBQ a few weeks back, so I gave it a try....the food was horrible. Well today I made the mistake and gave it another try, was completely disappointed once more. Ordered the sausage plate with Mac n cheese to go. When I got home and opened the box, I had a half of sausage link and the Mac n cheese was just Mac  with some pepper sprinkled on it. Had to put bbq sauce on it just to give it flavor. Also, had some ribs and they where about 90% fat/10% meat. Will not go back!!! The place is well located, however, I've always question why no one ever went there...but now I know why!! There food is a disgrace to NOLA!!!! But they do have pool tablesI cam here with a friend on Saturday.  I ordered the pork panini with mac and cheese.  I was very pleasantly surprised as to how this was going to taste, but WOW my mind was blown.  Very fresh and spot on.  My friend got the burnt ends and grits and practically licked the plate.  I haven't been in a while and I am glad we stumbled across it and went in to try again.  I will return soon!Do not waste your time here while in such an amazing food city. I got a pulled pork plate with mac and cheese. We got there around 830 and they were out of ribs, brisket, hamburgers, and a few other items. They are a BBQ place? I managed to find something but when I got it, my food was cold. I typically never say anything but I really wanted at least warm mac and cheese. When I asked them if I could have some warm mac and cheese they took my plate and scraped it into the pan with the other mac. I work in the food industry and I have to say this is really not safe or up to health codes. The only reason I have 2 stars is because the pork flavor was ok but again cold. The staff seemed tired and they didn't want us there. I was super bummed and highly advise to put your money somewhere else.The bartenders are very friendly! My boyfriend and I met up with one of his buddies here. I didn't get to try the food but it did look and smell absolutely delicious! Definitely a chill, local place around midday. It was refreshing to get away from tourist traps.I've never eaten here but it's a great place to watch a game. Plenty of TVs, ample seating both indoor and outdoor. Good beer selection.It's a bar tat serves food. It worked for a small horde of hungry broke conference goers. The ribs were a bit too fatty, the mac and cheese not fatty enough. Cole slaw was different, in  a good way. So why here? How can you pass up stopping by the Ugly Dog?Place was a ghost town with the NO game going. Food was pretty good but service was non existent. For a BBQ and Salon it really was just a Salon who also sold BBQ. With tables out one would expect to have a server not to mention the sure size of the place. But no, you have to come to the bar to order and then go pick it up from the cooks window. Forget about getting a drink refill, but the greens were amazing!I was visiting the city and this restaurant was close to where I was working. I stopped in for lunch. I had the pulled chicken and Cole slaw. It was tasty and the service was quick.the review is only given to the beef sandwich box! today is the m..whatever festival and i have nowhere to buy food so i stop by this ugly dog and grab something. the 8 bucks sandwich does has lots of meat in it. well, thats it. I m expecting more actually.a friendly neighborhood bar with big screens for the viewing of the sporting events and a limited menu of bar-type food.  
decent pulled-pork and brisket sandwiches come with pickles and a little bag of lay's chips.  ok potato salad.
all to say: not exactly worth planning a meal around getting here.  but if you are drinking in the area and get hungry for a pulled-pork sandwich, it's a stand-up place.  unless you can get a chair.  then it's a sit-down place.  
get it?Meatloaf tuesdays rock my world! Get there early for lunch though, bc they go fast!I ordered a meal that came with a cheese biscuit, and they did not give me the biscuit. I asked the bartender and the cook about it, both of whom shrugged me off, saying it wasn't available. There was a tub of biscuits in the back that was visible. Food was ok (though the meat portion was surprisingly small) and I did not raise a fuss, but I don't understand why they didn't just give me a biscuit.Best shrimp and grits I have ever had. Hands down. The best! The Bartenders are real friendly. We stumbled upon this place by accident. From out of town. I highly recommend it! We'll be back for sure.The place is just OK.
No real atmosphere, which is alright.  Kinda like eating in a cafeteria.  
The food is served on pizza pans, which is different.  
The portions where small in a town that usually gives you way too much food.
The food itself was good, not great as well.  
The staff was terrific.  Very friendly and knew their stuff when talking beer.The new atmosphere and menu is amazing!  The place is nicely cleaned up, feels like a true BBQ joint with picnic tables. The $8 lunch is unbeatable! 
On Tuesdays they have the meatloaf, which is what I had today. Huge portion, taste just like moms!  Plus it comes with a drink.
They have a private room that looks great for parties. Tvs everywhere for football. 
I saw a sign for all you can eat BBQ on Monday nights...I'm coming back!I love this place!  It's been totally renovated in the past year and it's actually hidden little gem.  It is a perfect sports bar with large tvs everywhere, the staff is super nice and friendly and the food is legit!  Their brisket is really good, and their coleslaw is insanely good!!  It's a great spot to grab a beer, watch a game and get a great meal!  Perfect for large groupsEasy to get to for lunch or dinner.  Ugly Dog has great BBQ for everyone.  I enjoy eating there with my parents once a month for lunch.  The atmosphere is bar-like but inviting.Walked by Ugly Dog one day, saw an enormous pile of crawfish on a group of peoples table, and went right in to get the same. This place is awesome. Tons of open space inside and outside, great beers, and great food. A few beers later, and after a huge tray of delicious crawfish made my wife and I very very happy people. It was great to get out of the French Quarter and have a better local feel in the Lower Garden District.Definitely exceeded my expectations. Great spot for a quick dinner. I had the Burnt end with the grits and it was fantastic. Also had the quesadilla, phenomenal. I recommend to anyone in the area looking for a quick delicious meal.Manager was a d*ck. He wouldn't change one of the TVs to a nationally televised game even though we were one of 10 people in the place. He was so rude we left without getting our food after paying for it. This is the worst sports bar in all of New Orleans.Was nervous when I read the reviews, but so glad we came in.  Fried pickles, rotisserie chicken and burnt ends panini were amazing.  Laid back atmosphere.  Try it, you will not be disappointed!We waited for 1 hour to get our food after ordering.  We noticed the cook does not wear gloves when preparing food and we found a hair in our baked potato.  I must say the owner did give us a free drink for the long ticket time and the brisket wasnt all that bad.we popped in here after the okeanos parade.  we had fun, lots of jello shots, but food wise?   not so good.   maybe its a mardigras menu, maybe it was just thrown together, but what we got?   didn't look tasty, and was actually spit out on first bite.   we even returned the food, and asked for just a hot dog.    wasn't impressed by the bbq at all.   potato salad?  was good... bbq...  yuck.
I'm going to come back on a day when its not during the gras, and give y'all a second chance.   it smelled good, but just looked and tasted like nothing.Real divey location in the Warehouse District but DAMN do they have some kickass BBQ.  I had the ribs and they were fall off the bone tender.  Delicious!  Beer selection was a bit pathetic but their draft box was broken so I'll give them a pass.  Oh and get the mac and cheese.  Its not on the menu but YUM!Good place to walk in for a quick bite and cold beer. We had seven in our group and they let us pull a couple of picnic tables together.  I enjoyed the ribs and sausage plate with baked potato. The ribs were well seasoned and had just enough smoke flavor. 
Beer options are plenty.  Helpful and friendly staff. Good air conditioning and a few parking spaces close by.Know what your looking for. I don't rate 2-4 star joints. I rate 1 or 5s exclusively as it is either amazing or it is horrible. This is true up a dive bar with great food. If you want pretentious food with pretentious prices, theres many options. If you just want a damn good beer and amazing bbq, skip that fluff and grab it from ugly dog. Order from the bar  or grab it yourself straight from the kitchen window. That is ugly dog. Bring your pretentious friends elsewhere as this is a true chill joint.What can I say, the food was terrible! I ordered a burger, and walked over to the table where they were preparing it, and saw that they took out an already cooked burger and threw it in the microwave until it was warm, slapped it in a bun and lunch was ready. I could barely touch the burger (first time for me) since it was so horrendous.Don't do it! I have never walked away from a meal before, until now. Two words should sum it up.....microwave hamburger! Worst food I have ever had!I Went in with friends cause we had a taste for some BBQ. The bartender was pleasant but the place was not that full.
We ordered a 1/2 pound and a 1/4 pound pork sandwich and a beef brisket.
When the order came we literally could not tell which was the 1/4 and which was the half. Upon asking the guy handing out the food behind the counter he just shrugged and said that was the last of it.
Really it's 4 pm and your out?
In short the food is nothing to remember, portions are small and non consistent. We had higher hopes for this fun looking place.
Go elsewhere is my advice.Stopped in to have lunch before going to the museum down the street. The food here is ok. Had the pulled pork. It was pretty good but wasn't the best. I'd have ranked it a 4 star but the sides brought it down. The cheddar biscuit was extremely salty and the coke slaw had way too much dressing on it. Had a few beer. The price is a little up there for this food. Not a terrible experience but if you want a cold beer and a meal it works.I will preface this review saying that I have eaten Mrs. Hyster's BBQ long before I ever went here.
That being said, this place was a little bit of a disappointment.  The ribs are slathered in BBQ sauce and are a little dry (definately won't fall off the bone).  Plus, no cornbread?  This is like the purgatory of BBQ, not nearly as bad as hell, but if you have tasted heaven it just won't cut it.
Others in my group got things besides the ribs, but no one was blown away.
The service we had was very good though.  People were friendly.  You place your order at the bar and they call out your name.Really good bbq as recommended by a work colleague during a trade show.  Wanted something good for lunch and he took us here.  BBQ was worth the wait with the line being out the door.  I ordered the shredded chicken with the chili beans and fixings as well as the slaw.  Very tender and moist.  Beans were so awesome with the cheese.  Slaw was different than what I had eaten before.  It was more like a salad.  All in all this was a great and affordable lunch.They serve you a very sad amount of food for prices. Pulled pork is often very dry..
Positives are that they have pool tables and plenty of sit down space.
There are better options for food in the area for similar prices.I absolutely love this place!  Great place to have a good bite to eat.  Play a little pool.  Enjoy a bit of sports.
My husband's family lives just right around the corner.  So, every time we're in NOLA, we make a point to stop here.  In fact, a trip to NOLA is not complete without stopping at Ugly Dog.
I love the beans (with all the fixins) and my hubby loves the cole slaw.Came here for lunch because the restaurant across the street was packed.  Surprisingly good. Order at the bar and pick up at another window by buzzer.   Staff  friendly. I had their version of a club with smoked turkey, pork belly, pulled pork with a side of collard greens. The greens were thebest I've had in New Orleans. Side salad was very standard and would skip in the future.This review is for their happy hour only. Monday-Friday they offer happy hour from 4-7pm which includes specials on drinks and select apps. I was in attendance for a mixer with a professional organization and the coordinators ordered a few different appetizers. I tried a couple bites of the nachos and smoked chicken wings which were ok but I wouldn't order again. I did enjoy a couple of their Bayou Breeze cocktails.Went for the first time after a Saints game. Dim lighting, worn furniture, and questionable cleanliness - okay, it's a dive-y neighborhood joint. Pretty sure my boyfriend and I suffered food poisoning after eating the BBQ pork. BF described the taste of the meat as "Vienna sausage-esque, like that canned tinge," and the sauce seemed like basic Kraft poured into a squeeze bottle. I can see why they can afford to offer all you can eat BBQ on Mondays. No one would take them up on it. Maybe this place isn't so bad, but as first impressions go, I'm not inclined to return ever again after this one.Well as I  sit here at the bar tonight I'm almost regretting coming in as the bartender on duty tonight has overlooked me and waited on people right next to me even as I pushed my empty beer to the rail. I thought this might be a good spot to hangout and spend some money but maybe it all depends on who is at the helm. We shall see how the night progresses.In the area there are several choices out there for dining and beverages. I came in for "brunch" one afternoon.  The times and restrictions for brunch seemed different at each place you look (menu, online, and brunch menu). The server explained the right time and I looked over the menu.  The BBQ is not good in my opinion, it has a sweetness that is off-putting and a little overwhelming. The mac n cheese has me most excited only to be serves soggy noodles with cheese colored sauce lacking any flavor. I attempted to dress things up with some salt and pepper.  I just hope that the kitchen staff take the time to taste the food they are serving and maybe take a little care when they slap it in the basket.Friendly attentive staff. Food came quickly and was as described/expected. 
I would definitely go back for bottomless brunch and try other items on menu. Ribs were descent.Tasty BBQ food.  Fun atmosphere.  Ate here after Cochon said it would be a 1 1/2 wait and we were pleasantly surprised to find ghosts place across the street.  I'd say for the food and the price it's worth a specific trek to Ugly Dog.  It's self service in that you order at the bar then go pick up your food when your pager goes off, but still worth the effort.  The cheese biscuits are GREAT.  The ribs tasty.  MmmmNot impressed at all I got the pulled pork on a bun my husband the creole burger. My husband enjoyed his burger that is why the extra star.Admittedly, becoming a bit of a regular... Zeus, you are my favorite bartender in NOLA  right now!  From the first cocktail you ever crafted for me, you have and I doubt ever will forget my drink of choice the second I roll in that door.
Inside has an American Legion, dive-y cafeteria feel to it, but I certainly don't mind.  I haven't sampled the BBQ yet, but by golly you know I will.  Great Prices!  Fantastic Jukebox!  Pool tables!  And it's really hard not to just chill on their patio for HOURS...Had lunch with the family on a whim.  Just walking by.  Can't tell you how happy we are that we stopped.  Kid friendly (during the day) great service.  Clean.  We had burnt end sandwiches which were great.  My son had the "ugly burger". Talk about gigantic.  Layers of different flavors on one burger.  My daughter had the pulled pork mac and cheese.  Enough to fill her up and have some for all of us to share.  It was great.  Definitely a spot to stop and eat!The food is lacking any flavor and the service was terrible. The decor, well, never you mind that. All around horrible unless you want a beer and want to sit outside. Now, if you want some cardboard with sauce - this place IS for you! Has the BBQ and Chicken which stated hickory smoked - more like frozen parts of chunk like tofu. This place looks cool, but please do yourself a favor and judge the book by the cover when you walk in. NEVER AGAIN!At UDS & BBQ. Waiting for Endymion Parade to hit Lee Circle.   Claire, Lali & Bob are in the big crowd already.  
UDS has coldbeer & some better music tonite.
I'll get to the big parade eventually !
So goes Mardi Gras 2015 in N'Awlinz.
RickThis Saloon is wonderful for drinking and meeting strangers who accept you as a regular. Open late and from time to time a nice dog is around looking for petting. Outdoor seating is great in good weather. Very nice neighborhood watering hole.
There is food available but it is not the reason to visit. 
Location is great for meeting people and for going to for a drink before or after events in the Warehouse District. There is some free parking adjacent to the bar. And there is street and paid lot parking in the area. 
I really like the place and do plan on spending more time there. Once again the people who frequent this place are friendly. So don't hesitate, if alone, to start up a conversation.I went in here for the good reviews, first of all the food is overpriced for having to walk up to the bar to order, fill your own drinks, go pick up your food when/if it is ready, and wait...the wait was so bad, we waited for over an hour for some nachos pork sliders and fries, real simple things. When we started seeing people go up to grab their food that had came in 20 minutes after us we inquired about our food and was told it would be up soon, another 40 minutes or so we asked again, same response after another 15 minutes we had to flag down a bartender to get a refund, which they decided not to refund the tip (which literally means To Insure Promptness) this was quite a disappointment.0 personality from the staff and the most expensive craft beer in the state...yea $7 a pop.  Do not go!!!!The atmosphere on a Sunday night made for a fun family night with some good pork. I would highly recommend the brisket paniniGreat ribs and fried rotisserie chicken! Awesome fries! Not happy about their dirty plates. They looked like they weren't soaped and just rinsed. Took 6 plates and all of them still have food in them!!Being raised up on Texas BBQ this stuff is shameful. The "brisket" and "pulled pork" tasted like it had been sitting in the warmer all night and reheated in the microwave oven.  I was looking forward to some good eating, but was sorely let down. Looks like I'll have to try my luck elsewhere.