So I got there and I saw a monte cristo sandwich on the menu and sat down and found out it was still breakfast.  I was gonna leave except the waitress said let me check with the chef.  She came back and the chef offered to make me a monte cristo with waffles instead of bread off the menu.  It was awesome!!!!!!!!!Average breakfast. Coffee and omelet were okay. Good location if you're in the quarter and want a cheap quick breakfast. Good service.Best crepes ever..!! Had the Nutella crepe and a chicken crepe that were just delicious. Also tried the chicken jambalaya which was heavenly. Highly recommend to try this place.Food was great, I was floored when I saw the bill 2 days later, 18.00 dollars for a (1) cosmopolitan??? That was in a year ago still can't get over it,Generous portions, fabulous flavors, and relaxed atmosphere. This is a must stop for breakfast in the quarter.Wonderful experience, chef and bartender came out to greet and serve. Love this place!Their breakfast was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. We ordered the quiche and the soule, they are both absolutely delicious. The atmosphere is so quaint and it's a central location. Highly recommended.Went here for Mother's day brunch. We sat down and immediately ordered mimosas. Shortly after we ordered food. I'm not sure what was going on, but it took at least 30+ mins to actually get the food. My mom's egg was overcooked so we sent it back to the kitchen. Finally after it came back out, we both started eating. Much to my dismay - I found a hair in my crab cake. Management was quick to respond and gave us one meal for free. The only reason I gave this place two stars was the service. Definitely would not eat here again.We came here for breakfast and ordered the chicken and waffles and the sausage egg and cheese sandwich. They were all great choices! Great food and atmosphere!Service was great! Love the atmosphere. I got the eggs Benedict and the eggs weren't as runny as I had asked. Great taste though!The service here was amazing, staff was very friendly. However, the food left a lot to be desired. I ordered French toast and it was extra soggy and was served with strawberries and a tomato slice that slipped in. Couldn't even finish it...The food was good. I had the delicious Monte Christi. At the advice of our server I asked for light powdered sugar and it's a good thing I did! 
My wife ordered the all American burger off their Memorial Day special menu. The server brought out the burger with the "The cook thinks he over cooked the burger, but to let them know if it was ok." The burger was blackened, but not in a good way.
When our server brought out the fresh burger it was Amazing! Juicy, tasty and filling!
Would definitely recommend!BEST RESTAURANT EVER!! Amazing service, let us in even when they were crowded with a table of 6. Food was great drinks were great. Have to applaud the AMAZING manager wendy she's the best felt right at home!!The food is outstanding!  The service a little slow, but I would wait an hour for food like this. Can't wait to come back!!Stopped in here for lunch around 2ish. Had the simple dish of bbq shrimp poorboy. I've lived in NO & I'll say the drinks are good here but don't spend the $ or calories on their poorboys - the bread is nothing like the usual French bread - more like a hot dog bun. They don't devein their shrimp either so beware. All in all I would skip this place. There's better spots in the quarter - gumbo shop, killer poorboys, etc. I'm sure it's difficult making a name for your restaurant when you're across the street from Antoine's. Go for drinks skip the sandwhich.Excellent dinner and service! Quiet and relaxing  among the bussel of the French Quarter. I recommend this place for authentic french food.Amazing food! Get the special, Shrimp and Eggplant Pierre...best of the New Orleans food so far!!! Great service and friend smile from the Harvey!  Walked by the night before and hunted the location for tonight and was not disappointed. Good location, nice atmosphere, small and comfortable. A bonus is also the great cocktails and dessert that topped it off!This place is extraordinary. Jessica was bartending and made the most fantastic drinks that we've ever had. The food was divine and the atmosphere was very relaxing. We would have never learned about this place had it not been for the scandals bar tour that we talk. Overall, a great experience!This amaze balls Russian bartender is the best ever!!! Oh and the French onion soup is to die for!I'm only hesitant to yelp about it because I want to keep it all for myself and the lucky people who happen to stumble upon it.  But I must yelp!  My new favorite breakfast spot.  Suzanne the waitress is a delight, Ben mixes up drinks right, and Eggs Lafitte (poached eggs atop fried grits with crawfish) is like some magic savory concoction that assures that everything you do for the next 10-12 hours after eating it will be blessed by some mysterious culinary deities!! (if there is a line next time I go, I don't care....I'll wait!)Not sure what happened. Food and coffee were pretty bad and server was rude. I got the shrimp and grits which came out looking nothing like the pics from other reviewers and was aggressively mediocre at best. Got about ten shrimp for $14. French onion soup looked good, but tasted horrible.Just had drinks. No food. Open on a spring day is great for a cocktail and watching the people on the street.We had lunch here a little after the lunch rush so the restaurant was mostly empty.  The service was leisurely, taking more than half an hour to get our food.  The steak in my wife's steak crepe was extremely well done and my crabcakes had a burnt shell that I had to crack through to get to the crab meat.  The manager offered to recook the food, but we really didn't have time to wait for them to do it.I found this little side-street restaurant by accident when I visited NOLA in December of 2013. I had some really excellent gumbo and a mojito there.
when I was visiting again last week with my cousin, we stopped in. she had never been to Louisiana at all and wanted to experience the best variety of local food we could get our hands on.
we ordered the New Orlearns Trio (Shrimp Creole, Crawfish Etouffee, and Jambalaya) to split between us, along with some sweet tea. each of the three was absolutely delicious. 
prices were very reasonable, presentation and atmosphere were pretty classy but we didn't feel out of place in our blue jeans. the service was excellent and the ambience was cozy.Cucumber Bloody Mary and Hurricane... Delicious!  Fast, friendly, comfortable atmosphere.  Glad we stopped.Stumbled upon this lovely spot on our last day in NOLA, we decided to stop here because we were starving and had already gone to the restaurants near by. 
The inside was very charming, had a lot of character and looked like this may have been someone's house way back in the day. 
We ordered the trio, it was AMAZING! Much better than the trio at the royal house. Service was great, our waitress was nice and didn't check up on us every 3 minutes like they do in some places. 
We found out this house has a connection with the movie 12 years a slave so the historical feel of it isn't fabricated. I would absolutely go back to try other plates, lovely little place!Our party had a sausage po boy, french dip and duck crepe. ALL were delicious. Service was friendly and curtious. Good atmosphere and it was air conditioned. A bonus on a very hot day.We really only came here for drinks. My husband said the coffee is "fine." Our waitress Amandabwas really nice even when she realized we weren't eating. I have 4 stars instead of five because they have delicious unsweet tea, but no *sweet* tea. This is still the South. C'mon!Just came here for desserts and to chill after a long day of walking. I had the bread pudding with ice cream. Pretty delicious and since I've never had it prior to dining here,I have nothing to compare it to. 
Read reviews that their beignets were better than Cafe Du Monde, my companions and I had to try it out. I personally didn't like how it was made here. It's not as messy (the confectioner sugar sticks to the bun more), but it's crispy and not as soft as Cafe Du Monde. 
Otherwise our service and the ambiance was great!Service was horrible. Food was not good either. I don't recommend this place. I had high hopes for the piña coladas but they were disappointing.Had a wonderful supper here this evening. Ordered the shrimp and fried green tomato and caprese appetizers - both were excellent! Shrimp and fried green tomatoes were delicious with one of the better remoulades we've eaten. Caprese salad was very fresh and perfectly dressed. Po' boys (one crab, one shrimp) were dressed well and perfect size, accompanying fries were simple and yummy. Crepe desserts were not warm as expected but certainly decadent. Service was friendly and prompt. We got to sit by the open window with the breeze and New Orleans life rolling past while classic jazz played around us. All in all, a pleasant meal - we have bookmarked for our next trip!My partner and I went to Cafe Soulé twice and both times we were both very disappointed in the quality of the service and the food. 
Here are my thoughts if someone opens up a French restaurant in the French Quarters of New Orleans and has a menu that is dominantly written in French on their menu I (as a French Canadian) would expect the waiters to have a basic understanding what I'm ordering in French. But obviously the waiters have no acknowledgement what's on their menu.
If Café Soulé want to be fancy/trendy restaurant using French words on their menu; then they should train their waiters to understand certain key words in French so it would make the experience more authentic. Even have them say "Bon appétit" would add a nice touch or how about a "Bonjour" I don't expect them to strick a full blown conversation, however they are trying to sell an image which fails.
So now let's talk about  the food itself , our first experience was mediocre, I was craving real French crepes and I used Yelp to find this place. So I wanted to order a Nutella crepe and they didn't have any Nutella left which I was fine so I ask for a chocolate crepe instead and my crepe was burnt to a point where I was debating if I should ask for another one but since my partner was already eating I didn't want to wait another 20 min for a fresh one (yes took them 20 min and we were around 6 ppl in the restaurant) so I ate it. 
We ask our waiter for more water and took him forever to get back to us and when he did, both of our glasses didn't have any fresh ice; remember this is Nola it's very hot and humid. I will say this tho; the prices were reasonable on the menu. So we thought maybe we should give it another chance and we did; this time around I ordered a ham eggs on a croissant and eggs Benedictine for my partner after waiting 30 minutes for our food I was getting impatient I ask our waiter to get another ice tea and waiting for 10 minutes I got up and and I ask the gentleman behind the counter to get a refill on my ice tea cause the waiter forgotten about me. At this time we were about 8 people in the restaurant with 2 waiters. I notice another table returning their food since it was terribly burnt and obviously they didn't want to eat it; I can't even figure out why they would bring burnt food to a customer. I NEVER walk out of a restaurant but at this time we had enough, crappy service long wait for the food and burnt food; we paid for my ice tea and we left. I hope the manager reads this review and resolve their issues.we've had a number of fair to good meals in NOLA this week but tonight was a standout. craving shrimp and grits told my husband that Cafe Soule was where we were headed. it's small inside but charming, beautiful high ceilings and open windows provide that extra atmosphere that adds to the ambiance. 
we were seated quickly and Blaine was our waiter. he was outstanding - deserving 5 stars on his own. he made some recommendations on the menu, efficient, friendly, and all around the right amount of attentiveness.
i got the seven pear sour drink - light and refreshing. so good. we both also ordered the shrimp and grits. the grits were amazing- perfectly creamy - and perfect to soak up the amazing sauce. the sauce was bbq but not like you think of like in a bottle. as our waiter explained, it was a reduction and the BBQ part is from the seasoning used. regardless, i would have loved an extra ladle of two of that sauce. so flavorful! 
everyone was so friendly, we never felt rushed,it was an excellent meal and well priced. highly recommended.Not very happy with this place. I came here in a group of 6? And didn't have a reservation. So we expected a wait. However, when we asked the server how long the wait was, they told us they didn't know. And guessed 15 minutes. So sure enough we waited. About an hour later, we were still waiting and watching as other people who came in after us get seated before us. And when we kept asking how long, they kept on replying 15 minutes. After waiting that long for a "15" minute wait we decided to leave. But I will not be going back especially if there is not wait list or if they don't even know how long the wait is. Unacceptable.Great service and awesome food- I highly recommend the dinner service and special cocktails from their in house mixologist.Great little place for breakfast or dinner. Had dinner one night, great chicken sandwich and accidentally left my credit card. Went back the next morning to pick it up, ended up staying for the bananas foster waffles. Let me put it this way, I have never been so glad I was so forgetful!!! The waffle was amazing!  Do yourself a favor and treat yourself, but skip the syrup, you won't need it. By the way Suzanne our waitress was the best!I ordered the steak crepe, and it was cooked perfectly! My wife and mother in law received a quick tour of the old mansion, and we couldn't be happier we had lunch there. Dessert crepe was perfect as well.This review is for dinner, not brunch. The wait staff was outstanding but the food was bland. Possibly the least tasty shrimp I've ever eaten. The fried eggplant was yummy but of course fatty ;-)Awesome crepes. Had one with zucchini, one with shrimp & spinach, and of course one with strawberries and cream. Mimosas were cheap and more champagne than orange.Amazingly delicious breakfast!  I had the pecan waffles, which were light, fluffy, with crispy edges.  My friends had creamy grits, eggs, and crunchy bacon.  It was one of the best breakfasts we had during our stay in the French Quarter.  The waitress was outgoing and super friendly.  She made our day!We found this place without the help of the internet and had one of the best dinners I've had in NOLA because of it!  Everything I tasted was fantastic -- the shrimp creole was phenomenal, and the Monte Cristo just blew my mind. Our server Harvey was also top notch, made sure my friend was given the gluten-free menu, was prompt and attentive, and kept us all laughing the whole night.  Do yourself a favor and check it out.Very disappointed. I was expecting much better food and service based on the reviews. Our food was late and cold.  Very unorganized staff.  No one seemed to pay attention to the needs of the patrons. Disappointed with the eggs Benedict and strawberry crepe. Obviously sat for several minutes.Very nice New Orleans-style breakfast, crawfish omelet smothered in Louisiana hot sauce - muy caliente (sorry, I don't know French).
This was a quaint little surprise of a restaurant off a side street in The French Quarter. Very rustic and very New Orleans - even had a working fire place going on this chilly morning.
I'd definitely go back.I loved this little cafe for a late breakfast crepe. The staff were so friendly and kind. And the crepe was divine!!!Cute place with nice big ceilings and a warm feeling. The food was good, definitely recommend the French onion soup! The staff were very friendly and nice too.Two of my colleagues and I went here for a late afternoon snack/lunch during a day out exploring NOLA, before the APHA conference began. We sat down and had a very confused waiter right from the start. I felt bad because he had a really bad stammer, and I have stuttering issues myself, but his stuttering seemed more due to his confusion than a medical condition. I ordered the gumbo, my friend ordered the banana and nutella crepe, and my other friend asked the waiter if the crepe legumes was a good choice. He said it was his favorite thing on the menu and he highly recommended it.
Fast forward 20 minutes later, and our food comes out... but not my friend's crepe legumes. 5 more minutes after that, the same confused waiter comes out with two slices of tomato on a plate with scoops of crab salad on top of it. My friend is obviously confused at this point... and so was the waiter. There was this awkward discussion over the next 5 minutes of He said, She said.... he thought she said crab salad (that doesn't sound like crepe or legumes...), but she eventually got her crepe 10 minutes after that. She did say it was delicious though... a very cute and quaint place, but the service really needs to step it up. Very terrible serviceCute little cafe that we stumbled upon in the French quarter. Ambiance was nice and service was good. Wasn't too thrilled when my cocktail came with lipstick on it, that was kinda gross. Shrimp and grits were tasty. Bread that came with it was sub par.Awful place. Showed up and said there would be no wait and we stand there for 5 minutes for them to come back and say 20mins until we can be seated. He leaves and says we can be seated asap. Once again wait another 5 minutes for someone to tell us we'd have to wait 30mins for lunch to transition from breakfast and we won't get food for thirty minutes. Poor and rude service. THEY NEED TO COMMUNICATE AND BE ON TRACK WITH ONE  ANOTHER.Three stars are not for the food...the rating reflects on the service. If you are staying in the French Quarter, this place has a great location and it is also a nicely appointed spot. The menu has many options for breakfast or brunch - which is the meal I'm rating.
I was by myself and arrived when the unreserved tables were occupied. I would have sat at the bar if one customer had not been having an attitude about wanting to finish her coke. The waiter was gracious and didn't press. In a few minutes a table for 2 opened up and I was all set.
It took about 10 minutes for the waitress to acknowledge me and take my order for coffee. She did not pause to see if I was ready to place my full order. The place wasn't packed, but then I realized the large group seated next to me hadn't even ordered yet! They seemed like they had been there a while.
It took about 10 more minutes for her to take my order, then came the wait. It was an hour later that I was walking out after eating a simple breakfast of eggs, bacon and a biscuit. The couple seated next to me were very disappointed with the service and left before they got the check because they had asked for it twice to no avail. Exasperated, they resorted to calculating what their meal should cost, put the cash on the table and left. When the waitress finally appeared with my receipt and their bill, she realized what had happened. Their intention was to leave no tip. They succeeded.
I'm not sure why the service was so slow and why there was such confusion with the orders. I saw the wait staff come out twice with plates that hadn't been ordered by the guests.
The waiter who seated me gave me a free mimosa with a wink to acknowledge the chaos. They turned away two sales while I was waiting to pay. If they had been more efficient, I would have been gone 30 minutes earlier.
Anyway, I thought the food was ok. It was not worth the wait. Better to go to The Grill for breakfast. Service is great, food is simple and prepared quickly.Went to dinner here last night. Waited 20 minutes for a table even though several were open & we were the only ones in line. Seated & ordered relatively quickly. Had to ask waitress for refills on water & cocktails several times. After 30 - 40 minutes after we ordered, we were told the upstairs party just finished so our orders were coming up (had we known this to begin with, we would not have stayed). Asked for bread while waiting, which we were charged for. Once our order came back, soup had to be sent back because it was room temperature. New bowl exactly the same. Service was slow, food was mediocre. Would give 2.5 - 3 stars.Our waiter Asa was amazingly awesome. Our dinners (french dip and shrimp poor boy) were great. All around exceptional experience. The crepes were good, the coffee was greatAmazing food and service. The waiter and staff were great. Crapes and breakfast sandwich were just what we needed!!Shame the food is subpar because it's a cute place. The problem is with subpar food the service needs to be great. Crab dip was not sent out even after ordered, soup was warm, crepes were hard to cut.  Disappointed after  reading the good reviews.  Too many good options to spend time here.You can either stand on line like an idiot at Cafe Du Monde, or you can come to Cafe Soulé where the coffee and beignets are just as good without the crowds and the kids.Stopped in after touring the St. Louis Cemetary #1. Amazing!!!! Fast service, excellent food. I had the breakfast special which was a crawfish omelette and it was a flavor explosion! Later the hubby, also known as "the one who pays for it all" and I split a Nutella banana crepe I was almost sorry I had to share because if I hadn't been full from the omelette I would have eaten the entire crepe by myself.Excellent!  Crepes, drinks and beignets. What could be better!  Waitress was fabulous, new but very sweet and accommodating.Pretty good food. I was surprised by how many GF options they had. The shrimp was also really fresh. Nice experience. Also, my boyfriend said the crab cakes were pretty good.This was the bomb. Don't know why this place was near empty on a Saturday night.  The Shrimp and Eggplant Pierre was succulent, splendid and a tad decadent.  It was thick juicy fried breaded rounds of eggplant, shrimp, red and green pepper strips, and a fabulous cream sauce. Don't believe the menu when it says "light cream sauce;" this was the real deal - creamy, buttery, and perfectly spiced. Diner number #2 had the more moderate meal: redfish with spinach and the best thyme zucchini rounds in forever. I could do a side of those for dessert. Strawberry mint vodka lemonade was cool and refreshing. Highly recommended.My husband and I stopped for a quick bite to eat before leaving for the airport. Nice, soft music in the background. Very pleasant atmosphere. The crawfish pie and gumbo were both wonderful.Been in Louisiana 4 nights now. All great dinners. But this was the best meal I've had. Got the Fried Green Tomatoes for an appetizer, Eggplant and Shrimp Pierre, and the Crab Stuffed Gulf Snapper, and King Cake Crepe for dessert. All were perfect. Service was great. Ambience quiet (Wednesday night in the lull before Mardi Gras week.)Just stopped because I was looking for something other than the usual Cajun/creole and glad I did. Refreshing seven pear sour was just the thing after the heat of the French Quarter . Chicken florentine hit the spot and bananas foster bread pudding hit the spot. And guess what? Prices were quite reasonable! Who'd a thunk it? Calise ( my server) was cheerie and attentive without being overly so. Overall a wonderful experience!My wife and I tried Cafe Soulé as our 'nice' meal while in New Orleans on a 3 day trip.  It could not have been a better meal.  We are not big (quantity) eaters, but once we tried the fried green tomatoes it was on.  The shrimp and Soulé sauce set the dish apart.  Next my wife got the Crawfish Étoufée, which she loved.  I got the special, which was blackened redfish on a bed of jambalaya.  The redfish was perfectly seasoned and cooked, and the jambalaya was such a nice addition to the meal.  Everything was so good we felt we would have been missing out if we didn't order dessert so we ordered the bread pudding of the day, which was bananas foster.  It was super dense and was so flavorful.  Our server was very nice and personable, and she did a great job of recommending drinks and dishes based on our conversation with her.  It was such a great meal in a pleasant setting.  I can't wait to try Soulé again next time I'm in town.Went here for lunch on a Monday afternoon.  We were one of two tables in the whole restaurant and the service took forever. 
At least our waiter was honest about why the food took so long.  The chef apparently burnt my Monte Cristo sandwich, but it turns out the second one wasn't worth waiting for.  It came out soggy and tasteless.  The oyster sandwich (and the zesty soule sauce) was also tasteless.  The one thing I did enjoy about this place was the fries.  They appeared to be hand cut and they were well seasoned.
Between the poor service and the tasteless lunch, we decided not to even bother with crepes for dessert, which seems to be what this place is best known for.  Perhaps I'll give those a shot next time I'm in New Orleans, but I certainly have no desire to go back for lunch.
To be fair, this was one of the cheaper menus I found in the French Quarter so perhaps I got what I paid for ...This place was recommended by a local we met. We were looking for a place for beignets and she recommended here. They were ef. good! Staff was really nice and personable.Loved this place!  My group came here for brunch and then came back that evening for a birthday dinner!  The only problem we had was deciding what to get on the menu because everything looked so great!  I got the strawberry waffles for brunch, but tasted the croissant sandwich, crepes, eggs benedict and the pancakes and all were fantastic!  For dinner, the chef brought out two free plates of beignets as a thank you for coming back!  She talked with us for a few minutes and we really appreciated their hospitality!  Favorite place we ate at in NoLa by far!Feeling peckish for an afternoon delight, we popped into Cafe Soule for crepes and beignets.  Super sweet atmosphere, tasty treats, and a great place to stop and relax.  Staff was attentive and very helpful!It may have just been the day I went, but somehow I highly doubt that. Terrible and RUDE service! Please do yourself a favor a stay as far away as you can from this place. Given the 4 stars on yelp and the decent-looking menu, we thought it was perfect for breakfast before our swamp tour. We conveniently made a reservation on yelp which was not honored at all. The host didn't even bother to ask if we had made one. He merely barked at us to "Get in line with the rest of them." After we were seated it took OVER 45 MINUTES to get our food. Are you serious? How long does it take to cook some eggs and fry some bacon? That is absolutely unacceptable in my book. The waiter was unapologetic for the long wait. The food itself was okay.
Horrendous experience. If I could give less than 1 star I definitely would.Stumbled across this place my first night in New Orleans after walking through the French Quarter. We were looking for a small restaurant with some good New Orleans food and that's what we found. I had the Jambalaya which was super tasty, but I did wish it came with a little more meat. Nothing too exceptional about this place but great for a simple dinner.Happy hour drinks are so so.  But they did an amazing job of taking care of my wife who has an onion allergy.    Came up with a custom dish that she loved.   She says "food is amazing".   Very kind staff.Great Cucumber Bloody Mary and relaxed atmosphere. Worth the stop for an afternoon drink and bite.Overall the food was delicious - a little heavy handed on the salt but still very good! We were early on our reservation and they kindly accommodated us with a quaint table next to the fireplace!This little French cafe in the French Quarter was gorgeous. And very French.  I was totally THAT tourist taking tons of photos of the decor.  I'm lame, whatever.   It only seats maybe 10 tables by the looks of it and is basically indoor-outdoor seating throughout.  The service was fun, though I wish I could mimic some of the strange faces our lady made to me.  
I only wish I'd tried more things on the menu - my sandwich was tasty and a perfect portion, but I definitely got table envy as I watched the way more fun stuff being delivered to the tables around me.  That's the last time I let my stupid friend peer-pressure me into safe.  I also wish there wasn't a TV playing football games.  But it's the South, and according to our cab driver, Nola is the #1 Sports Tourism city in the world, so I guess a sports TV is obligatory.  
Also note, we got there right at noon and had to wait 15 minutes as the kitchen transitioned from the breakfast menu to the lunch menu.  Further also note that Mimosas were $5.  As you can imagine, since it was a gorgeous Fall day, we did not at all mind the wait, provided the mimosas kept flowing.worst crepe I have ever been served...veggies were deep fried, not sauteed, as proven by the fact that there was an old french fry inside. sent it back. they comped it and aplologized. salad was edible but tasted like store bought (too sweet) viniagrette.I read all the good reviews and I decided to try Cafe Soule during my visit in New Orleans and I got so disappointed. Everything went just ..... wrong!
1. The service was very slow. We had to wait 20 minutes for the crepes although we were the only customers.
2. The order was wrong. I decided to take the pepperoni-cheese crepe and my girlfriend made her own crepe with chicken breast, cheese and tomato. I also asked for extra cheese for my crepe. Eventually, they brought me a crepe without cheese. According to the receipt the charged the extra cheese on my gf's crepe and also they did not put tomato in my her crepe. Tomato was not in the menu but the waitress told us we can add it if we like.
3. The crepes were awful. Small in size, dry and tasteless. I wonder if they really know what a crepe is.
4. We order french fries on the side and we got burnt fries. Black and crunchy.
5. They mis- and overcharged everything. They charged the fries as beignets because they were not in the menu as they told us. Also according to the menu prices, the custom crepe should cost  $6 (2.75 for the crepe, 2.25 for the chicken breast, 0.50 for the cheese, 0.50 for the extra cheese). They charged $9.75 like the most expensive crepe on the menu.
For all the above I do not recommend the Cafe Soule.One server for the whole restaurant? Very slow service, obviously. We had breakfast here and chose to stay, outside seating is limited in the French Quarter. Plain food, no taste, broken-stained dishes. Avoid or take your chances. *Food was meeeee.Had dinner here,  shrimp with eggplant awesome,  BBQ shrimp with grits awesome.   Need to eat here.  Service awesome. .I used awesome 3x!We were there after the conference. Had a big lunch. We had a fried green tomato and shrimp, gumbo, French onion soup, jambalaya and Louisiana gulf fish. Everything was delicious.  We will definitely come back to this little restaurant if we are in the area.Excellent place to escape the hustle of the French Quarter. Refined without being stuffy. Great place to grab a desert and they have a full bar as well. Get  romantic seat next to the fire place or take a seat in front of the windows to have a great vantage point from which to people watch. Service was casual but attentive and the foods were of good quality.One of a kind, the entire atmosphere, staff, and manager was awesome! The French toast and Scrambled eggs and Ham Croissants are world class 10/10This place has the worst service!!!  I never have written a bad review, but feel this one is necessary.  We stopped in for breakfast on our last day in NOLA.  Very pretty restaurant and was busy, but had tables available.  After being sat, it took approx 20 minutes to get our first cup of coffee and order 2 crepes.  An hour after that we still had no food and no refill on coffee.
They were just not that busy!  The wait staff and manager were disorganized and busy running around doing everything except servicing customers. The food at other tables came out haphazardly and did not look good. We ended up leaving an hour and a half into and only had 1 cup of bad coffee.  Absolute worst experience we had the whole week we were here.
This is definitely not a recommended spot.  I would hate to go there if they were any busier.  Too many good places to eat... Spend your time and money anyplace else!Crab cakes were so good. Also, the bartender made me a mint julep drink that was out of this world. The server made our meal very entertaining and personal. This was our first restaurant during our trip and I probably would have given it five stars if I didn't eat even more delicious food today from another place. Would still recommend to everyone.We had breakfast here on Saturday. We ordered beignets for the table and they were perfect. The line at cafe du monde was crazy so we went looking for breakfast elsewhere.  I had eggs soule. Eggs Benedict on crab cakes and I added the fried green tomatoes. I also had the cafe soule champagne drink and it was great. The staff and decor were top notch and we had a great experience. Lots of history and great food. Worth checking out as part of a new Orleans weekend.Tried to eat here last Saturday evening.  Service OK but Bar and Kitchen very slow. After an hour waiting for a Calamari appetizer, the manager came out and said that the serving had been burned and would take a while to thaw out another.  We told him to cancel.  Eventually our entrees arrive.  Chicken Club was dry and the Crepe was rubbery and cool although the plate was piping hot. The only dish that was acceptable was the sauteed gulf fish.  I suspect that the kitchen is working from frozen food, thawing in microwave, and then heating (sometimes in the microwave).  All in all not a place I would recommend.  PS...we live in New Orleans and dine out 2-3 times a week.We stumbled upon this place after a carriage tour. We had bought pizza for our youngest (age 7) across the street as he was out on all the local food. 
They allowed us to bring his pizza in and got sat right away. First, the building history is great. My kids loves to hear about the story of all the different things it has been.
Food was awesome. Really good etouffee and the Monte Cristo was amazing. It was my daughters first Monte Christo and she was unsure till she took a bite! Their jambalaya was also good. The wife has the oysters and loved the sauce they were served with. 
Our waitress Ashley gave us a tour of the second floor before we left and told us a fun ghost story. Would definitely go again.On a night that was not very busy I was perplexed by waiting over 40 min for 2 desserts. The kitchen seemed to have more issues than New Orleans after Katrina. Serving incorrect food, over cooked food, loosing slips at adjacent tables. It seemed to be an menagerie of issues. Once our desserts flew in directly from France they seemed like it. Both cold and underwhelming they were just ok. Creme brulee was cold and my crepe was ok. The quickest park of that whole experience was writing this review.I am writing a review 3 months after the fact because I had the worst restaurant experience in my life here and kept meaning to look the place up to review it. In retrospect it was almost comically bad, like a Seinfeld episode or something.
The staff literally HID - yes hid -  from us rather than explain whatever staffing issues were causing our meal to take over an hour (for a burger and a pasta dish). I think one of their cooks quit or something - ok fine - but avoiding eye contact, and then outright HIDING in the back hallway/kitchen area so we couldn't even cancel our order before leaving? That is low. 
I can't review the food because after waiting literally over an hour for our food we walked out. Paid for the drinks we'd been brought and got pizza across the street. 
During the wait we were not offered a basket of bread, or another round of drinks, refills on water, or anything except 40 minutes of the extremely nervous looking bartender reassuring us the food was coming out soon. And then about 20 minutes of disappearance. People who sat after us got their food and when we tried to flag down the staff serving them they scurried away ignoring us.
At one point about a half hour after we were seated (this was at around 8 PM on a weekend evening), a group of about 5 came in and the bartender actually turned them away saying the kitchen was closing. He clearly knew there was an issue with the kitchen but chose to provide us with horrible service instead of deal with it.
At the time I was PISSED but honestly it's was so bad that it's kind of laughable.We ended up here to avoid crowds at some of the other nearby restaurants, and it didn't take long to discover why there wasn't a wait here. The service was slow, and the food left a lot to be desired. We started with an order of Crab and Artichoke dip, and had to look super hard to even find crab in the dip. Then our meals arrived and my boyfriend described his jambalaya as tasting a lot like spaghetti-o sauce. We all chipped in some seafood/meat from our meals to supplement his dish that was primarily rice and spaghetti-o sauce... needless to say I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.This place sucks ass. Really.  Im not satisfied at all. Food came out cold.  Rice wasn't cooked.  Then replaced with a waffle and that took 45 minutes.  Then tried to charge us for the shit that got sent back. The only thing that was good was the Budweiser. LolAlright this is a late review. After trying several eateries in the area, and a'll serving pretty much the same thing, but with their own twist, this was by far the best crawfish etoufffee that I had during my time in the big easy. Bottomless mimosas were served swiftly, and the bartender made freshly pureed watermelon and lemonade drink. My order to be exact was the New Orleans Trio, three taste in one!This place was so delightful. We had Harvey as our waiter, and he was incredibly personable and made sure to take care of us. I went there tonight with a group of friends. The four of us were realistic about trying to find an open restaurant on Valentine's Day evening, so we expected that we'd most likely hit an hour wait anywhere, but we called around and Cafe Soule found a way to fit us in within 10 minutes of our call. When we got there, the waitstaff greeted us like we were friends, sat us as early as possible, joked with us and put us at ease immediately. It was such a wonderful experience. The food was great, and the Moscow Mules were on point. We had so much fun, and Harvey was "a gangsta." (His words, not mine.) Thank you for all your Southern Hospitality and for Common Courtesy. We sincerely appreciated it all.Nice quiet little place in the French Quarter. The bar is very low key and the drinks are great. It has a 'locals only' type of feel to it and I like that. My wife and I sat at the bar, had a drink and an appetizer before we were off to experience Bourbon St. and it was just what we wanted.
Recommend:
Sazerac
Seoul Trio (Appetizer)Harvey B was awesome! Sat in the friendly "drinking" section, next to the window with a view of the goings on outside. The French Dip was amazing (but the au jus was a tad salty). One of our party had the shrimp and eggplant stack. It was a work of art. Ambiance was nice and the place filled quickly. One of our great stops in Nawlins. And ended the night with a sincere and heartfelt handshake from Harvey. You can tell he really cares and enjoys his work!We were in New Orleans on our way to Florida.  We ordered the beignets, Eggs Soule, French toast, strawberry crepes, ham and cheese omelette and waffle sandwich.  Everything was good although the crepes, omelette and French toast were our favorites.  The beignets of course were very good as well.  The restaurant has a lot of history and is definitely worth checking out.Super good service. Food was good not Anything special. I had the crab Louis salad. Lots of veggies with a small amount of crab. The place was clean for the French quarter so that's always a plus.New Orleans has been my second home for several years, but occasionally I find something "new."  The Monte Cristo at Cafe Soule is to die for.  Service was awesome.I ordered three crawfish etouffee here, which was very good. It was better than the crawfish etouffee I tried at the royal house. Beignets are also pretty good, without having to wait the long line like at cafe du monde.I came to this place on a recommendation of someone and granted I'm from here so I know where to go. But I wanted to try something new so I didn't make a better recommendation. Upon arriving apparently the staff doesn't communicate with each other because he wasn't aware of the phone call where we changed our reservations. Then the waitress was completely rude taking our orders and it was completely rushed. What I love about the quarters is hospitality but this place is absolutely horrible. I'm waiting for the food but the service makes me want to cross this off the list.Best restaurant in New Orleans. Wendy was incredible. Food is to die for. Had a great time.Very good oyster poboy. I had the crab cake Blt special and it was ok. Great fries, delicious chocolate crepe and my son loved his Monte Cristo. Try the Soule Cocktail, such a treat!
Kids enjoyed their Nutella crepe, and in typical NOLA fashion a jazz band paraded through the building and out the front door during our meal. Such fun!We stumbled upon this place last night.  We would have walked right by, but the waiter, Harvey B, pulled us in - Wow!  He was fantastic! So fun and made our dining experience memorable. It's a cute little place and the food was awesome!  I did not get that this was a dinner place by reading the description and the name - but the entrees were great, beer selection, cocktail selection, perfect - I want to go back next time we're in New Orleans for sure!Add this place to your brunch list.  I had poached eggs on top of perfectly cooked slightly fried eggplant rounds (seriously sublime) with I think spinach and a cheese sauce.  HEAVENLY!
Only thought, they have a fireplace so dress accordingly if you get hot easily.
must see and dooooooooooooooooooooooooooooWhat an amazing place to have breakfast. The menu was great and the service was better. Our waitress (Suzanne) was truly awesome. We got there early and it started off slow. She shared with us her life in the city before and after the hurricane and she has such a positive outlook on life. The food was amazing. We had beignets (the best EVER) then my husband ordered the special omelette of the day and cheese grits and I had poached eggs with crawfish and hollandaise sauce. There was really no way to go wrong on the menu it was all delicious.  Do yourself a favor and get this place on your list!Another winner- server was a a bit questionable but the food was great.  The eggplant with shrimp was so good.  Dana got the trio.  Great way to try 3 NOLA dishes!Suzanne was very attentive ! Good place to stop and have small bite to recharge the batteries ...It gets two stars for bringing out the coffee quickly and the food not being awful. We went here for a quick breakfast one morning and quick it was not. Just taking our order, the waiter seemed very confused) we both ordered omelets, nothing weird. it took around 45 minutes to actually get the omelets! I could hadn't made breakfast for everyone in there in that amount of time. When they finally came, they were decent but not amazing.Super friendly older staff lady. Amazing breakfast at noon on a Saturday. Drinks were perfect as was the people watching. Eggs were cooked just right which is rareMy first time in NOLA and I stumbled upon this little gem. I had the strawberry salade and it was delightful. Michelle recommended a wonderful pear champagne cocktail that was absolutely delightful and my waitress Wendy was so wonderful with tips and tricks for what to see around the city. Their $5 hurricanes are also out of this world, not made in the regular bucket batches but to order--so since this is my first of these NOLA treats, I'm spoiled and won't be able to stomach one of these delicacies on Bourbon Street. Would be very happy to come back here, if only for the Hurricane.I made a reservation for 8 for Saturday brunch at cafe Soule and was very excited to each here. We had a short wait upon arrival and then were seated in their beautiful dining room. The food was delicious and I definitely recommend getting a few orders of their beignets for the table! I gave it three stars only because the service was extremely slow and a bit disorganized. It would have been nice to have time to view the rest of the building, but since we had a tour scheduled and the slow service we didn't have time. It definitely could have been a more stressful or busy day when we were there though, so I would give it another try in the future!The food was amazing and Suzanne our server was awesome! Funny and knowledgeable. The atmosphere is quant. They also have a decent cocktail menu.The outside of this place looked so charming we had to go in for brunch. The inside didn't quite meet the standards of the outside. My husband ordered eggs Benedict which had crumbly, dry yolks. I ordered the quiche, was told they were out of the one on the menu but they had a special with other ingredients. When it arrived, it did not match the menu description or our waitresses but it was good. If I was a more picky eater. It would have been a problem. They are undergoing some renovations inside so maybe it will be a better atmosphere soon but now it is run down and tired looking. Although it wasn't terrible, it was definitely mediocre at best and wouldn't be a place I would go back to when visiting NOLA.Great venue. Great atmosphere. Limited breakfast menu on weekdays which was a bummer as we went in Friday.My fiancé and I stumbled into this mess after a tour if the St. Louis Cemetery. The food seemed promising but ended up as probably the worst meal I had in the French Quarter. I ordered a shrimp crepe which sounded good and my fiancé a house vegetable salad. One benefit was the large portions. However, it took over thirty minutes to receive the order with virtually no one in the restaurant. Then when it was received my fries were cold and the shrimp was super salty making it hard to eat. My fiancé enjoyed the salad but agreed that she was disappointed after being spoiled by all the better options in the French Quarter. I would love to give this place another shot but overly salty food makes me sick and the bad wait force a bad review.Great atmosphere with open view to street.  Food was very good but what was long.  I think they just forgot about us. We didn't care because the ambience was perfect. The gumbo and its broth were very flavorful. The grits need were tasty but needed to be a little tighter-- according h to my friend. We'd definitely go back and try something else on the menu.I rarely write one star reviews but this wasn't a pleasant dining experience. We saw this place walking by and it looked really cute inside. Unfortunately, that's where the good ended. I ordered the steak crepe with fries and it was pretty bad. The steak was very chewy and the fries weren't fully cooked. I could tell they weren't freshly made either. I didn't eat much of it. My fiancée had the jambalaya and he had to add salt and pepper to it for flavor (shouldn't need to add seasoning). The waiter also came by two times after we ordered to reconfirm what we wanted. I also had to flag someone down for silverware. There are so many good places to eat in this city and we were bummed we wasted a meal (and money) here.Authentic French with a NOLA touch.  Great atmosphere.  Try the monte cristo yumI'm not sure if they are understaffed but it took the waiter over 20 mins to wipe down the table and give us our menus.  After being able to read our menu over 50 times they finally took our order.  I'm not exaggerating it was really THAT slow.  I ordered the sausage, egg, and cheese crepe and my boyfriend the crab cake Benedict.  My crepe came cold and with no melted cheese :(, honestly though at that point I was so hungry it tasted pretty OK.  My boyfriends crab cake Benedict was yummy but it was also kinda luke warm and one of the poached eggs was really overcooked.  Not my worst meal of our trip but definitely not our best. We weren't in a rush so it was an ok experience. The decor is very pretty and they do have a bar.This place was AWESOME!! The chef was the man, he was so friendly and so was the staff. Atmosphere was soothing and relaxing, high ceilings give it an authentic feel. The good was so great!Our best meal in Nola! Asa our server was great and very attentive. The food was delicious and fast. Easily made reservations earlier in the day to avoide a long wait time. Highly recommend.Terrible experience. Crab cakes under cooked, bacon cold, eggs overlooked. Shells in the crab cakes. Tried giving us a champagne glass with lipstick on it 2x. Given a small Creamer cup of OJ for the mimosas and charges for 4 glasses. And they charged 20% gratuity when service was terrible.Best bloody marys, ever. Had eggs soule...amazing...If I could rate this place 0 stars, I would. My boyfriend and I were walking around the French Quarter looking to catch a late breakfast. I was looking at the menu they had at the front and the hostess came up to us and said we had to try their breakfast, everything was delicious and made to order so we decided to give it a try. 
When we walked in the only table available was a 6 person table near the bar which we got seated at. I wouldn't have mind waiting for a smaller size table but this is where we were seated. It took the waitress a few minutes to bring over water and didn't even say anything to us. I could tell she was irritated and in a terrible mood with her rolling her eyes at us, I'm sure it was because we were at a big table and taking up space for other customers. 
A few minutes later she asked us for our drink orders and then it took about 10 minutes for me to get a coffee and for my boyfriend to get a coke. As we are waiting for our drinks I could hear one waitress ask our waitress if she could answer some questions about the menu for another table. Our waitress then loudly says, you know they are just going to have to wait, in a very annoyed voice. At this point I could tell this wasn't going to be a very enjoyable meal for us or other guests. 
After getting our drink, I ordered their Eggs Soule (eggs Benedict with crab cakes) and my boyfriend got a sausage, egg and cheese crepe. We were both excited about the food even though the service was clearly lacking. 
After about 25 minutes of waiting for our food the waitress came up to us and abruptly said that the chef got our order wrong and it would be a few more minutes. About 10 minutes later our food comes out and is clearly cold, the cheese in the crepe is all dried up and the biscuit used for my eggs Benedict is hard and slimy since the food had been sitting there for who knows how long. 
At this point we were starving and didn't want to deal with sending the food back or leave and try to find another place to eat. As I'm eating part of the crab cake I feel a few hard pieces of shell in my mouth and I was done. We put our plates together so the waitress could see we were ready to leave and bring us our check. After we immediately placed our card in the bill slip, our waitress passed by 4 times and didn't even look at our table. Eventually a blonde woman in training took it for us so we could finally leave this breakfast nightmare. 
As we were leaving the hostess asked us how our food was and we were honest, we said it was cold and the service was horrible and that we wouldn't be back. She was very sweet and apologized and asked for us to come back and talk to the manager so he could set the staff straight after our poor experience. We didn't want to waste any more time here so we declined speaking to him and just asked her that our feedback get to him. 
As we were finally leaving the hostess mentioned that the chef was being really nasty to the wait staff and was purposely messing with them which has affected the customers experience. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. She then mentioned that we were the third very unhappy customers that morning that had said something to her and it looks like one of them already wrote a review about it today. 
The hostess was very sweet and tried to do everything she could to turn the experience around for us but it was too late. 
Do not spend your time or money here, it's a waste of a meal in New Orleans.One of the best kept secrets in New Orleans!! Loved this cute cafe. Came here for a dinner out and didn't want to wait in the long lines for royal house. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the servers were not very impressive and they didn't have all the drinks they claim to on the menu. 
Overall a great experience and I can't wait to bring my mom here next time!!! 
Highly recommend the eggplant Pierre and the monte cristo. My friends and I love this place!!! Have to say I was skeptical, but I was very surprised and pleased with my meal.Quick brunch in the quarter . Very prompt service for a weekend. Manger came over to check on us. Brunch drink specials were great! I got an omelette that was ok, it was really just cooked egg and the items stuffed in the middle . Like the egg was over cooked . I'm particular about my omelettes . I like all my vegis and goodies inside to be cooked! I will def be back trying a different menu item :)Nice place to eat wonderful Cajun food! We had fried oysters, jambalaya and catfish and everything was amazing!Great prices on wine and beer, great creole classics done right. I had the malbec, fried green tomatoes, and shrimp and grits.Breakfast all day, and an amazing selection of crepes! I couldn't be happier. The manager and chef were also very attentive to our table. The space is beautiful as well, not to mention the upstairs lounge that they gave me a sneak peek of. Good luck guys, keep up the great work!I don't like to give bad reviews. I eat out 7 days a week so I do know food and good food. Let start by saying I did not know much about this place but someone else wanted to eat there so I thought I would try it. I went for dinner. The service was not good at all but I will not elaborate. They need better servers if they expect to stay open. The food, apps, over cooked and not great. I had 3 to choose from and all three were not in the ball park of on point. I had a entree which could not have been further from what was described as well. Plate presentation was not even a worry because I could not get over what I was offered vs. what it should have been. Like I said I hate to give bad reviews but when you have New Orleans food you expect the best every where you go.My wife and I happened by this little gem while walking around the French Quarter looking for a casual dinner. Our timing was great, we got a table immediately. About 20 minutes later the place was packed with people waiting at the bar for tables.
My wife started with a salad of Mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, basil with a balsamic reduction. She loved it. We both had crepes. Hers was a shrimp crêpe and she substituted vegetables for the french fries. The vegetables, which were too spicy for her taste, was the only downside of the meal. My chicken Florentine crêpe was delicious. The service was good. 
This was a find.Horrible service .. food was avg at best.  I ordered the quiche ... it was so tough I couldn't cut it with a knife.Amazing French Toast! Tasted just like my mom used to make. Perfect bacon.  Great service. Enough said.By far my best meal while in NOLA. I got the Monte Cristo and a chocolat crape. Great service, great location. I will be back to visit this gem.Probably the best brunch we had in NOLA. Definitely the number two beignets (second to cafe du monde) but better coffee. I had the crawfish omelette (cheese omelette drenched in et toufe). Wife had the eggs soule (eggs benedicte but instead of ham fresh crab cakes). Soooooooo good.Went in last night for dessert, ended up staying for hours.  We had a blast, good crepes, fun people.  Will definitely be going back...I was in town for a work conference  with 7500+ attendees so realistically, I was just looking for a place that took reservations and did not have a 3 hour wait. My part of 4 stumbled upon this little location right by Bourbon Street and were seated right away. This was a smaller place but well decorated with about 30-40 seats. The menu was simple but about 5 entrees stood out to me. I ended up trying the New Orleans trio which was a sampling of Shrimp Creole, Andouille Jambalaya and Shrimp Etoufee (my personal favorite NOLA dish) served with a side of rice. It was absolutely amazing! I could not stop raving about the dish to my friends who also enjoyed their food. The entree was a great way to try various NOLA specials and the portions were more than I could have finished. My only regret is not being able to try their beignets, as I wanted to be able to compare them to Cafe Du Monde. If you are in the area, definitely try this spot!Opened about two weeks ago on our block where K-Joe's used to be. I hear this place is affiliated with Antoine's which is directly across the street.  The burger seemed pricey so I decided to try one of their crepes. I had the veggie one. I enjoyed how fresh the vegetables were and I'm glad that they offer a healthy option, but next time I'm going to try a dessert crepe. The strawberry one was pretty tasty. I was expecting more substance with the veggies like a veggie and goat cheese sandwich from 13, but maybe a light fresh option is what they are going for. I look forward to trying other items, and I can't beat the location.Soooooooo good and soooooooo worth it. Make sure you get the crawfish pie. Awesomeness at its best. Would eat here again in a minute!Delicious! I got the Monte Cristo and it was so tasty and rich I could only finish half. The fries we're crispy and well seasoned. My husband got the chicken Florentine crepe with Swiss cheese and it was perfect. Wonderful stop with excellent prices.Quaint little place with some outstanding food. After eating at many of the same places we stopped in here on our last night and we're glad we did. Our waiter was great, the food was outstanding, we loved everything about this place.Very disappointed in this restaurant . Saw it had a 4 on Yelp so we went. It took a while to even be acknowledged but finally we were seated. ( it wasn't that they were busy... tables were open) when we were seated , no one came for our drink order.  Once they came--they had to come back twice to double check what we ordered. We finally got our drinks and ordered. Three other tables had been seated while we waited ---this is important because they ALL got their food before we did. Now there were 5 of us and these tables were only doubles but still!! It took about an hour to get our food.  The food was both bad and amazing--how can it be both you ask? Well, one French dip was warm and covered with cheese with a thin flavorful au jus while the other was cheeseless, cold and had some type of congealed pudding type flavorless 'au jus'. The Monte Cristo was amazing but the chicken crescent was soggy and underdone.  We had wanted to order the bread pudding because the people beside us ordered it and it looked amazing. ( These people were seated before us and had dessert while we were being served dinner) We were afraid how long dessert would take to get to us though.... The best part (NOT) was that they added a 20% tip included in the bill. We were a party of 5--not 6 or 8. NOWHERE on any menu or sign ( we checked) did it note that tip would be added for larger parties.  No other restaurant we visited in our 3 nights in NOLA added a tip to our party. I guess they assumed -correctly- that with such crappy service , hit or miss food quality and overall attitude of neglect that they wouldn't be getting a tip unless they stole it from us. I Would NEVER recommend this establishment.The flavores were explosive. Need I say more??? Okay, I must also say, Asa our waiter was awesome.I forgot to write my review 
OK when we got here I was like this place is a whole in the wall from when you walk into place I don't want to eat here from the beginning so as we were seated the waiter smelt like a homeless person  so when we had got your food I find a dead roach in my food 
So I don't not recommend you guys eat here this is not the place!!!This has got to be the best restaurant in the French Quarters. It was truly amazing ! So flavorful , and a ton of food!! The staff was phenomenal and I truly want to eat no where else in New Orleans now!Is it possible to give 10 stars? If it were, this place certainly would be a worthy recipient! Jess, the manager made us feel like Rock Stars, I would imagine it's what Beyonce feels like while dining. I called ahead to see if they still had my fave dish from a previous visit ,she explained that they had a pulled it from the menu.. BUT she would have the chef make it if we came in!!! Talk about A+++++ service..not to mention everything we had was AMAZING!!!! Thanks again!.. The chef that made our delicious meal also came to the table ( T or Tre I think) which was another nice touch. Best meal I had in NOLA hands down!Live in the city and came upon this place while walking around downtown. Food was amazing and got a solid buzz off of just one Bloody Mary. Awesome, kind of creepy vibe about the place, fun and friendly staff. Will most definitely be going back for brunch again!We had a wonderful supper here on a busy Saturday night before Labor Day. 
First of all, I want to say that I really enjoyed the atmosphere. We scored a table in the corner next to a set of doors (with big windows) so we had a great view of the dining room and bar, as well as the foot traffic passing by outside. It was dimly lit and a bit spartan. There wasn't much artwork on the walls but they had a beautiful chandelier hanging from the 15 foot (?) ceiling. It all seemed so "old school" for some reason and I felt really comfortable there.
The food and drinks were pretty good. My partner had a glass of red wine while I enjoyed a Passion Fruit Mojito. This was the best cocktail I had on this trip. It was tempting to order another but we were hitting the clubs after supper and pacing is important! We started off the meal by sharing an appetizer of fried green tomatoes topped with shrimp and a Soule sauce. The pairing of FGT and shrimp was brilliant. I could have easily made a meal out of two or three servings. For the main course my partner ordered the evenings special - a soft shell crab dish with jambalaya and veggies. He said that everything was quite tasty with the exception of the soft shell crab, which was grilled instead of fried. He said the crab was rather bland. Oh well. I hate it for him because my Shrimp Creole was a treat! Again, there were flavors here I have no vocabulary to describe because we don't find food like this back home .... but trust me, it was good. I especially enjoyed the bread. It was just what I needed to sop up the creole sauce.
My only real criticism is that the presentation of the dishes was a bit fussy, with something drizzled here and flakes of whatever scattered there and whatzit sprinkled around the rim of the plates. After seeing how the appetizer was presented I wondered if the main dishes would have all that and maybe some glitter and sparklers.
It was a busy night but the service was excellent. I was happy with my meal and I'd like to go back next time and try their breakfast.The duck crepe was amazing as was the banana foster. Melissa was a great server! Sat quickly and comfortably. Loved it.Sat alone at the bar while waiting for friends to get out of a meeting. Had the Eggs Soule with the fried green tomato. Y'all!!! How delicious. The ladies tending bar were lovely, as was the cucumber Bloody Mary. The building proprietor was having a meal, and was absolutely delightful as well. I was well entertained and enjoyed a fabulous meal. Will definitely return!Where to begin? This place is the quintessential French Quarter spot. Beautiful historic interior, friendly staff, and gorgeous location. I had the Eggplant Shrimp Pierre and it was to die for! Best eggplant I've ever had - the breaking was chewy and the vegetable itself was soft but not mush, like a lot of places. I got to try the bread pudding and the carrot soufflé as well. Also amazing. Definitely recommended.We were happy to learn that the kitchen was still serving brunch at 12:30 PM. We decided to start with mimosas and the bartender convinced just to buy the bottle. :) I ordered the benedicts with a crab cake. It was really delicious with a flaky, buttery biscuit. We really enjoyed ourselves here as the service was excellent.This is a charming cafe located in the French Quarter near Bourbon Street. My husband and I happened upon this place on accident as we quickly ran past Bourbon Street. I ordered jambalaya and my husband ordered étouffée. Both were quite good. Unfortunately there was only one waiter and he was very busy. There were two people behind the bar and a third person wandering around that could have helped the waiter but did not.  Because of this I had to give four stars.This is a cute little cafe in the quarter that serves up breakfast and lunch types foods well. After several misses in our search for a decent and delicious breakfast, we settled on Cafe Soule as our go to, in a pinch spot while on a recent trip to New Orleans. They make a mean latte! And the Eggs Sardou is delicious. It's pricey, but so worth it. The omelettes taste like eggs people. This is important! At other spots the omelettes and egg dishes tasted and looked like the were made from powdered eggs.
Minus one star due to the thickness of the crepes. 
The setting couldn't be cuter either. They have a working fireplace, and amazing chandelier and you can watch the guy making the the too-thick crepes. He did improve by visit number 3.
Go here, you're tummy will be glad you did.Great atmosphere and food! I got the strawberry salad and grilled chicken sandwich (which came with a mountain of fries) to get a change of pace from the heap of deep fried food that I've been eating the past few days.My seafood here was fresh and delicious.
I ordered the Soule trio appetizer of a crab cakes, creole shrimp and a seafood salad on a tomato.
I ordered their special of redfish stuffed with crab and a side of squash. It was delicious. Coming from someone that doesn't like fishy tasting fish, it was good. It was buttery and tender with delicious crab and creole seasoning.
The atmosphere is very rustic but they have outdoor tables. My waiter was very attentative and friendly. Good for people watching.Very happy we fell onto this place. Family of 5 ate here and everyone left happy. Kids had scrambled eggs and Nutella crepes and ordered another helping they were so yummy.  Hubby and I ordered Eggs Soule (poached eggs on crab cakes and a biscuit, covered in hollandaise). Yumm. All very good. Also had their strawberry, mint lemonade with vodka. Delicious and not too sweet at all. Would be perfect on a steamy New Orleans summer day (not the below freezing, rainy day I had it!). Overall, very good. But also very small so make reservations!Was in town for a mini family reunion and we popped in here for an early dinner.  I ordered the shrimp and eggplant pierre and oh em gee...probably the best thing I had over the entire long weekend, and we ate at a lot of good places.  We all had something different and EVERY THING was amazing!   Super friendly staff, fast, delicious...I cannot say enough good things abt this place, but please try the Shrimp Eggplant Pierre, it was "slap your grandma good!"We came here after our cemetery tour, our tour guy pointed out this place & told us that this was built in 1830. WE just decided to try their foods here n oh boy I am glad I made that choice. Great foods & drinks. Our waitress was friendly n nice. I got the jambalaya n it was yummy. And they do wedding reception upstairs which we got to see.In New Orleans for the weekend and we've been having a hard time picking restaurants. We were walking down the street when we saw this place and decided to give it go. Our server was extremely nice, but service was TERRIBLE!!! We waited for over an hour for our food and it came out cold. We watched people leave without even getting their meals because it was taking so long to get anything that you ordered. There was a table next to us that waited for 20 minutes just to get their drinks and there server wouldn't stop blaming the bartenders meanwhile they had empty water classes on there table. A couple came in as we waited for our checks and no one went up to their tables for a good 15 minutes as both servers walked back and forth by them multiple times. I would just stay away from this place not worth the time or money..Brunch is one of my favorite meals.  You get a bit of everything.  We were trying to think of a place to eat brunch on a Saturday morning for a group of 9.  Most places don't take reservations anymore and it's nearly impossible to get a quick bite to eat for a group of that sized.  So when searching for a place to eat that would take reservations and looked pretty enticing, I found that Cafe Soule!  I quickly made reservations for 9 at 12:30pm.  Before picking the place, we all took a look at the menu to see what type of foods were being offered.  The lunch and breakfast menu all looked pretty good!  It was a short walk from our hotel and a little bit away from Bourbon street.  It was quiet, but still close enough to a lot of the action.  When you walk in you are welcomed into the foyer and then walked into the dining room.  It seems the restaurant was once a mansion. You can actually see the beautiful staircase that leads up into the second floor from the foyer and you get a better look at it on the way to the restrooms.  I will say the place in a bit small, so don't expect a lot of table space when dining in a large group.  We were quickly seated and handed the breakfast menu.  The back of the menus actually tells you about the history of the mansion and a little about those who owned it.  My sister asked if it was possible to see the lunch menu since it was already 12:30.  The waitress let us know that lunch actually didn't start until 1:00pm, but would ask to see if the kitchen was ready.  Unfortunately they weren't.  That's too bad, I had my eye on the duck crepes.  Instead, I decided to go with the "eggs lafitte".  It was two eggs (poached) placed atop a crispy and light (not over buttery) biscuit topped with a crawfish hollandaise sauce.  It was delicious!  It didn't come with anything else on the side, which I was a bit disappointed because I did not feel like it was enough food. I ended up getting to taste some of the foods from around the table so that made up for it.  Their "Eggs Soule" was definitely the winner of our brunch.  It was two delicious biscuits, topped with a generously sized crab cake which was then topped with two poached eggs all drizzled with hollandaise sauce.  The crab cakes definitely made the difference between not full and full.  Everyone seemed to walk out of the place happy.  They offer a cucumber bloody mary, which was their house special and from the looks of it they may infuse the vodka themselves.  If you have ever had cucumber vodka, it has a very light and not distinct taste, although I'm sure the drink sounded delicious, I would imagine the bloody mary mix would overpower the taste of the vodka.  I would definitely come back to this place and try their lunch menu.  I have my eye on that duck crepe.Meh. Service was bad- server was confused by the menu and everything we said. Crepe was dry and bland with broken hollandaise. French onion soup was over half soggy bread. Just very unimpressive.This is a super cute, quaint french-style cafe. We came here just for a drink & dessert. We were seated quickly by a friendly server. The atmosphere was quiet & had a local's feel. My husband got the NOLA Blond beer which was excellent and similar to Blue Moon & I got the Soule Cafe Cocktail which is champagne with a little citrus. It was a bit on the sweet side, but I was looking for sweet at that moment so I was happy. If you don't want a sweet drink though, don't order this. 
By the servers recommendation we got the crab cakes appetizer & bread pudding for dessert. The crab cakes were crispy & had a great flavor. I was unsure I wanted bread pudding since I just tried it for the first time at Commander's Palace and was very unimpressed, but it sounded so good & different than the one I tried, so I decided to give it another go. I'm very glad I did! It was really good. It had a french-toasty flavor but with the added benefits of cinnamon & buttery sweetness with a few dollops of whipped cream to dip if you like. Way better that Commander's Palace pudding! 
Overall score 4.6Come here for the BEST beignets and coffee in New Orleans. These beignets just changed my life!A quiet, not-overly-touristy place for a meal. We went to brunch during Mardi Gras and while they could accommodate our large group, most of the food came out pretty cold and took a while. A lot of the poached eggs came out soft boiled. It was okay brunch food. The best value was probably the egg croissant. It was good, filling, and fresh. Drinks and beer selection were good as well. Not the BEST New Orleans meal, but for its location near Bourbon, it wasn't bad. It's a good choice if you are near Bourbon but want to avoid the tourist traps and sub-par offerings.We stopped in for a quick bite before dinner. The apps all looked good so we tried two.Fried green tomato with shrimp and the crab cakes. Both were good, no surprises. Tomatoes were actually tender, some places serve them undercooked and they are too hard.The zesty sauce kind of overpowered the dishes, but all in all it was a very tasty app to get us through until dinner. Bartender was very friendly, so it made for good conversation. I can only imagine the rest of the food is as good if not better.The beignets definitely tasted different than Cafe Du Monde's, like they were made with beer or something. I couldn't quite put my finger on it. Personally, not my favorite flavor. 
I asked my waiter what my non-alcoholic drink options were and he went to ask the Bartender. He came back and passed along her message of "umm... water? soda?" It seems like nobody in this town has ever heard of a virgin drink before. I was met with this response everywhere I went though, so I can't really blame Cafe Soule in particular.
On the other hand, the creme brulee was to die for. Unfortunately it was all gone within 3 tiny bites... a very expensive 3 bites.My wife and I were really excited to try this place and were happy we did. I had the Eggs Soule which were really good. My wife had the quiche and said it was OK. I was going to give 3 stars but the staff were so amazing I had to go with 4 stars. 
We will be back and recommend coming here.Fantastic experience. Everyone was friendly and more than accommodating. Great food and atmosphere!This place was our favorite meal in New Orleans! It's not crowded and just off royal street so I can't figure out why- such a cute French restaurant! First of all, I'm a sucker for crepes so of course I wanted to eat here. Also the cucumber Bloody Mary sucked me in! It was delicious - muddled cucumber, some olives, and not spicy at all per my request. The seafood crepe was delicious! The sauce nice and creamy - the boyfriend asked if he could like my plate when I was done ;). He had the French onion soup and said it was some of the best he'd ever had. Our meal was very reasonably priced for being in the French quarter as well. If we go back to Nola, we will definitely go here!Directly across from Antoine's, the ambiance of Cafe Soule itself was quintessential French Quarter.  The building itself has an interesting history and we enjoyed our meal here.
My chicken florentine crepe ($9.25) was large and flavorful.  I would certainly order  it again. My sister said her shrimp creole ($12.75) was only so-so, and she didn't enjoy it too much. She's never had it before, so she didn't have much to compare it to.  My mom said her crab cakes ($11.50) were quite good and full of lump crab and a zesty remoulade sauce.  My dad was underwhelmed by his barbeque shrimp and grits ($14.00). Overall, the items were hit or miss. 
Our server was very sociable and adequately took care of our needs.  The prices and portions were very fare, especially for the location and ambiance.  Cafe Soule is a solid option in the french quarter.Best monte Cristo in the world!!!!!  Crawfish etouffee was awesome also.  Ambiance great- it is almost 200 years old was the first ever African American orphanage.We visited this restaurant based on Yelp reviews. I will never go again. We had a reservation but it took them a while to get a table ready even though there were tables. We seemed to have 2 different waiters and the entire staff seemed confused as to their jobs. We ordered the strawberry salad and the eggplant dish to share. The salad was limp but strawberries were good. There was a cup of cheese dumped on top. I asked for bread, it is New Orleans, and was brought a few dried slices that I did not eat. The eggplant dish was tasty but the preparation was inconsistent-some slices perfectly prepared and others too thick so not cooked through.  It is too bad because this is a great location and neat building. Don't go unless you find there is improvement. Based on the confused atmosphere, it appears they might be in the process of reorganizing. There are so many wonderful places to eat that is a shame to waste a meal here.Disappointing and a shame....the place was charming with so much potential.  The wait staff was unfriendly and unwelcoming.  They seemed most of the time overwhelmed with a lot of eye rolling as new guests  arrived .  The food was just okay.  It is not worth the stop unless you just want to see the beautiful room.Good service and great food.. Wasn't busy when we went so that made our experience that much more enjoyable. I got the taste of New Orleans.. By far the best sampler I've ever tried during my time in NOLA.  I would definitely go back .. Our waitress even gave us a little mini history lecture about some of the artifacts in the lobby, thought that was nice.Stopped by for a quick breakfast and tried the Eggs  Soulé: crab cake, fried green tomato and poached egg. The crab cake lacked flavor and the tomato tasted of mostly batter. Presentation was great, I just wished the food tasted better. 
Fun fact: the restaurant is haunted and apparently the employees have had ghostly encounters.Mediocre food for brunch.  Nice setting and staff.  $70 for four people (no drinks other than coffee) hard to justify even for french quarter.OMG!! So I'm a French toast lover, actually let's just say I'm BIG on a good breakfast. Went to New Orleans work related and I always like to try French toast else where and get a taste for the culture and authenticity through food. I read the bragging rights about Brennan's and let me say I didn't know I needed a reservation and the staff didn't look like they took to a black woman in Fulani earrings and a bald head desiring their French toast. Either way in hopes of finding good breakfast not too far around the corner we found Maison Soulé. Staff is friendly and so inviting. The drinks are refreshing and the food ORGASMIC. No one should commit this sin of not visiting Maison Soulé when in New Orleans, you'll never forgive yourself for not trying that watermelon mojito!! 
Alicja is the BOMB.com give it a try and leave a review.We went here for breakfast on a Saturday morning. Just two people. We waited about 20 minutes to be seated. Once we were seated we got our drinks and ordered beignets to share, and two breakfast sandwiches. Everything was good. At first the kitchen people brought out an omelet for me and my husband's food. I stated that I did not order an omelet. Our waitress came up asking what the problem was and we explained. She said that she did not put an omelet in and the kitchen must have messed up. They told her right in front of us that she did put the omelet in again. They brought out my correct order quickly. Probably would go somewhere else next time.I cannot say kind enough things about this place.
My fiance and I had just finished a Cemetery Tour in some bitter cold weather. Despite my having layered up in preparation, my poor little toes were frozen and aching! We decided we would slip into the first restaurant we saw just to try and escape the chill for a bit. We only had 30 minutes til we had to meet a friend of ours, but being that we were both starving and frozen, we needed some respite.
I told my fiance that New Orleans is like the Room of Requirements - and always seems to give you exactly what you need, when you need it.
Well, we needed Cafe Soule! The moment we walked in, the sweet bartender/waitress with short blond hair welcomed us and insisted we sit down beside the fireplace ("or in the fireplace if you need to", she laughed, taking in our shivering states). 
We pulled our table right up next to the fireplace and instantly we were being tended to by a very sweet lady with great rainbow-multi-colored hair! She offered us coffee and my fiance instantly took her up on the offer. I told her we were in a slight rush but that we were both starving - and asked for her recommendation of what would be quick to make? She recommended the gumbo and jambalaya and we ordered that.
Oh my gosh, SO GOOD! It was the exact thing that we needed on such a chilly day! I have been a New Orleans girl for many years and I know Creole cooking. Their jambalaya was delicious! I don't like the dry jambalaya. I like it thick and saucy and theirs was just that. The gumbo was excellent too with just the right amount of spice. The comfort of that food was absolute heaven.
As soon as the food was served, our waitress was whisking our bill and card away to get us paid out so we could leave as soon as possible. Before leaving, she made sure to ask my fiance if he'd like some coffee to go - and just the small, thoughtful consideration of customer service just makes all the difference in the world. She gave him a steaming cup of coffee at no extra charge and off we went to fight the chill once more.
This beautiful little cafe is a gem. I am very excited about getting back to New Orleans so I can visit it again - hopefully this time at less rush and with more time to enjoy.This restaurant is filled with history and delicious food- an excellent combination! Our server, Suzanne, was welcoming, helpful, and hilarious. She took great care of us as patrons and gave us some great tips on where to spend our time and money around The Quarter. We had the eggs lafitte and the special, which was a crawfish omelette. To top it off- a nutella crepe with strawberries AND bananas. OH- and the bloody mary was excellent!  I highly recommend anyone to visit Cafe Soule but make sure to read the history on the back of the menu before you leave!Friendly folks and delicious food:  The best beignets we found,  crawfish omelette, and chickory coffee. Yum. One person commented that their poached egg was slightly overcooked,  but feedback on benadicts was also generally good!I wanted top like this place more. Service was friendly but kind of slow. Gumbo was very soupy not think at all. Wife ordered the duck crepe. She liked the crepe but it came with fries which is a little questionable. My jambalaya portion was small and boring. Beniets for dessert which were good but a little under done. Not a bad dinner but not a great one.My wife and I went to Cafe Soule tonight in the French Quarter. We both walked away unimpressed. The food was passable, but nothing that I could not have made on my own. We started with a salad, in which the majority of the ingrediates were not fresh. We finished with crabcakes and crawfish etouffe. Again, the flavors and the presentation of the meals were less than impressive.
The decor of the restaurant was terrible. When we initially walked in we thought we were walking onto a construction site. They are doing some work on the place (to their credit) and it shows. Also the mismatched furniture was in bad shape. 
I get the sense that this resaurant is on its way down. Whether it was the paper napkins or the fact that they had no steak dishes to offer, something gave me sense that they were barely holding on.
I would not recommend dining at Cafe Soule.We started with salad maison with the raspberry vinaigrette. It was nice combination with creamy cheese, sweet dressing and crunchy pecans. 
I had the eggplant and shrimp Pierre, which was quite good, rich and decadent. 
Hubs had the French dip with cheese, he loved the bread and au jus though the meat was sliced 
thicker than what he usually prefers. 
Considering we walked in at 730p on a Friday and got a table it maybe should be five stars !The french toast sticks are absolutely delicious, and the crepes that we got were so good. Also the upstairs bar is absolutely beautiful and has a great atmosphere, they have a great wine selection by the glass unlike other places in the quarter. The workers were also very kind and helpful. Can't wait to go back and try it again.Service was terrible. The waiter did not come to greet my table in a timely manner, the food was warm not hot and I had to ask multiple times for silverware and napkins. I will not be going backService was slow... Like really slow... Staff arguing in front of customers. Red head on crepe station seems scatter brained as she tried to make crepes while interviewing potential employee... Worst of all, food is unremarkable.
UNTIL. The dude makes us a free dessert crepe that was DELICIOUS!
Was gonna give them 1 star, that bumped it up to 3... 
If they can get it together this place might have some potential. :-/The family and I stumbled onto Cafe Soul and couldn't have asked for more.  Celine and Jennifer found us a table for 5 and the rest is history.  A great bottle of red wine, a wonderful calamari appetizer finished with a couple of shared Creme boules. Great atmosphere, right off Bourbon Street and Jennifer walked us around upstairs for an unofficial ghost tour.  Will be going back.My husband and I went there on a recommendation from a friend. It did not disappoint!!! Michelle was our waitress and Jermaine was the chef. Highly recommended!!!!! Personal attention, wonderful suggestions, and overall very warm and inviting.  We will be back!!!!Cafe soule was Awesome!!! We showed up with No reservations 10 pm on New Years Eve and were seated right away.  The food was delicious....  had the stuff shrimp with crab.  Hubby had the trio. Food came really fast and the place was packed.  Serve festive and attentive. Fantastic..I'm a big fan of Cajun food so I was very excited to try this place. We made a reservation for a large birthday party. When we arrived they did not have our reservation so we had to wait about 30 minutes. When we were seated the waiter scolded us several times for adding extra members to our party. He also let us know that they would not be able to place our order for several minutes because of a large party upstairs. He then repeated that about 5 times. All of the wait staff seemed quite cranky. One of the tables they had pushed together was too small to fit our plates on. We asked if they could swap it for one of the normal tables which were unoccupied but they said they could not. The tables remained unoccupied for the whole night. Some of the food was okay (steak and caprese salad) but the Cajun cuisine was awful. I got the New Orleans trio. All three of the dishes were bad. The shrimp étouffée was gross and reminded me of puke. They were nice enough to bring out a beignet for my friend's bday, but we were all very disappointed that we chose Cafe Soule for this special occasion. :(So we were trying to go to Acme Oyster House to have a great NOLA dinner in time to make it back to the hotel to watch the fight (and yes, by "we" I meant "he"). Aaaaand there's a line. Dammit. We turn around and start walking back towards the Dauphine. He's willing to wait until after the fight, but I'm 5 months pregnant... There's this young gentleman outside Café Soulé talking about the menu. I mentioned something about wanting to watch the fight and the kid chirped "Oh, we're playing it!" Well hot damn, let's go.
Idk why there's a long wait outside of several other restaurants nearby, but this small restaurant was only half full. I got the Shrimp and Eggplant Pierre, he got seafood gumbo. We were both SO HAPPY with our entrees! The Pierre was not in a "light" sauce per the menu; that sauce is heavy, French, with a nice marriage of Cajun seasoning. Delicious. He kept eating off my plate. The gumbo was exactly what he was looking for. At Oceana, he was disappointed that there was only shrimp in their gumbo, and not even any sausage. His had andouille, crawfish, shrimp, and chicken. Everything was delicious. Our waiter was excellent, and yes, ESPN was on. They rescued our night, thank you Café Soulé!we were invited in with a warm welcome and a guarantee of good quality Cajun food. We didn't receive anything less than great food. We started off with lump crab & artichoke dip with pita chips which was the best I've ever had. The pita chips were freshly made and we're still warm when we got them. Really the appetizer was the highlight of the dinner and really set the mood for a dinner date.We stumbled upon this place as we wandered the French Quarter. The atmosphere was lovely yet casual and the service was great as well. We tried the traditional dishes (crawfish étouffée, shrimp creole and beniets) and all we very good. But the stand out of the meal was actually the crab cakes! They were DELISH! Loaded with tender succulent crabmeat and seasoned so well. The remoulade that accompanied them was perfect. If you go here, get the crab cakes!We were lured in by the Yelp reviews and the smell as we passed by. The menu seem reasonably priced and straightforward. However, we were underwhelmed by the food. There was little to no Shrimp in my crepe and Fiance just thought his was too chewy. LOL The presentation of the food was also just not very appetizing.  The service was not very attentive either. Maybe we just went on an off night.The menu had moderate selections, but the eggplant dish that I ordered (the only one on the menu) was by far the best egg plant dish I have ever had. Slightly rich, but we're talking French here. So get with the damn program! Boomshakalaka. The southern pecan beer (can't remember the exact name) is one of the best brown ale's I have tasted.Always a stop for me when in NOLA. Delicious & consistent & reasonable prices. Suzanne has taken good care of me over the years. Awesome happy hour as well!The service was terrible and the food was worse. It took an hour to get our food and when it came it was cold and magically the things that should be undercooked were overcooked and things that should have been overcooked were undercooked. Everything was cold. Hope I don't get food poisoning. Go somewhere else.Small Yelp reservation problem fixed by the service of Henry B. 
Made a reservation with Yelp which the restaurant did not check.  My wife and I were not alone.  And the reservation was for the opening. We sat in the street under threat of a downpour. 
Instead Henry B showered us with his brand of unique service and all was well. 
The grits were melt in your mouth. For those that like the breakfast sweet, go for the bananas Foster waffle. Even the eggs was great.  Bacon was below average. The early morning drinks were spot on. 
So a solid showing from the folks to start our day. And Henry B even saved our umbrella spouse left. Good service.Headed here for a late solo lunch on a Saturday. The place was packed but it seems as though it's always that way. I ended up being seated outside, which as a northerner visiting in winter warms my heart - except that they also make all their waiting patrons stand outside...right next to me. The meal itself was just okay - a recommendation from Yelp and the waitress herself, I went with the crab cake benedict dish. I highly advise adding on the optional fried green tomatoes, as these were the tastiest part of the dish.We had a fabulous French Creole dinner at Soule. We started with the strawberry salad that was quite a few lot of great ingredients. My wife had the French Dip with fries and she enjoyed it. I had the Louisiana Gulf Drum Fish prepared blackened. It was fabulous and tasty and quite a nice portion with sides of potatoes and vegetables. Our son had the Jambalaya. He said it was spicy but quite good. We shared a bottle of Cotes du Rhone at a reasonable price point of $26. We topped off dinner with a bananas foster bread pudding. Service provided by Henry B was friendly, knowledgeable, attentive, and helpful.Just stopped for a last minute dessert break and decided to get some crêpes. Staff was friendly enough but we waited almost twenty minutes for two crêpes. We ordered the strawberry and the chocolate. When they did come out we took them home to find they were completely cold with watery fillings and odd flavors. Not worth the wait or the price.