I had the Grilled Rack of Lamb and it was cooked to perfection.  Very clean, great display of artwork, excellent service & friendly staff.  My family and I now live in St. Louis and we'll make sure that this will be one of our stop for good food when we return for a visit.Absolutely amazing food.   I mean seriously good.  The service is great too.  Love the decor and all the cool art work.   Such a special place.  We always go when we visit New Orleans.
Went back recently,   Still the best food.   This is my favorite restaurant in the world.  Seriously.  It's that good.Once in awhile you have to have an incredible meal, and we did tonight. Upperline in New Orleans is a restaurant in an old converted home with eclectic paintings covering the walls, the private collection of the owner, a charming elderly lady who, like the wait staff, makes you feel right at home.
Reservations are tight but they squeezed us in at 6 pm if we promised to be done by 8. Yep, they expected us to take 2 hrs!  Guess they don't know we are speed eaters.
We had the 3 course "tasting" menu. Perfect amounts of 1) Duck etouffe; turtle soup; Andouille gumbo; corn cakes with jalapeño jelly then 2) fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade; spicy shrimp with jalapeño corn bread; 1/4 roast duck with ginger peach sauce and a burgundy sauce, finally a choice of desserts, we shared creme brûlée and pecan pie ala mode.
It wasn't 2 hours but it was a lovely leisurely meal and absolutely everything was delicious. Mmmmmm.My wife and I spent Labor Day weekend in New Orleans with another couple we are great friends with and when trying to find a place for dinner Saturday night, we wanted something a little nicer than normal. On a suggestion we got at our hotel pool we tried Upperline and couldn't have been happier we made that decision. 
The restaurant isn't huge, but you never feel like you are on top of the table next to you. When you walk-in you are greeted by the owner JoAnn, who also acts as the hostess. Our party of four was seated right away even though we were a little early for our reservation. The vibe in the restaurant is great, the bar has kind of that old art deco vibe to it. 
The menu is very easy to read and everything described very well, in addition we got the specials menu which had a few more options to choose from. Our waiter was very attentive and told us which dishes were the house specialties. 
After much debate on what to order because everything sounded so good, three of us ordered the three course dinner and the forth chose the taste of New Orleans. 
For appetizers, My wife ordered the fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade, her best friend ordered the Mixed Greens, Local Goat Cheese, Crispy Sweet Potatoes, Cane Vinaigrette Salad and I ordered the Duck and Andouille Gumbo. My wife's best friend's husband was the one to get the taste of New Orleans and the appitizer for that is tasting portions of the turtle soup, the gumbo and the duck etouffee. We all purposely ordered different things so we could all share and try everything. I'm not a huge fan of fried green tomatoes, but the shrimp remoulade was great and everyone else loved it along with the friend green tomato. The salad was great, the sweet of the vinaigrette with the crispy sweetness of the sweet potato, mixed with the tang from the goat cheese was great. I didn't get a chance to try the turtle soup or the duck etouffee, but I am guessing they were good because my buddy wasn't too keen on sharing them, HaHa. The gumbo was some of the best I had ever had, great flavor, the duck and the andouille didn't make it too heavy and I think they even use file to thicken it, because I didn't taste on okra in it, but I could be mistaken. 
As for entrees, My wife and her best friend both ordered one of the specials, it was a take on the Sauteed Drum Meuniere, but with lump crab meat on top. Now, when reading the menu, adding certain things to your three course meal will come with an up-charge, but none of the up-charges are outrageous or unfair. The ladies entre choice came with I believe a $4.00 up-charge to get the crab-meat on top.  The fish was perfectly cooked and brown butter sauce complimented it perfectly. For my entree I chose one of the house specialties, the braised lamb shank, with a red wine sauce served over risotto. The sauce had a deep complex richness to it, and the lam was fall off the bone tender. Paired with perfectly cooked creamy risotto, I loved it. The tatse of New Orleans entree is a quarter of the other specialty, roast duck, the fried green tomato with shrimp remoulade, and the spicy shrimp with jalenpeno cornbread. I have never been a huge duck fan, but between my gumbo and the few bites of the roast duck, I am going to have to keep trying it, because the roast duck was amazing. I never asked how the spicy shrimp was, but when my buddy stopped eating it was gone. 
Now the portions at Upperline are generous, and you won't leave hungry, but you have to save some room for dessert. Our table ordered four different choices, the creme brulee, the pecan pie, the bread pudding, and the irish coffee. The irish coffee was not skimping on the Jameson was was great for an after dinner drink. The creme brulee was nice and creamy and not overly sweet, which is something I have run into at other restaurants, they just make the custard too sweet, not at Upperline, just the right amount of sweetness. The bread pudding was moist, soft and fluffy and the toffee sauce again had just the right amount of sweetness to it. The pecan pie was great, and not cloyingly sweet like some pecan pies can be. Which for me was perfect because I don't like my dessert overly sweet. 
After we paid the bill and went outside JoAnn walked out behind us and asked if we needed a cab, and we said we appreciated her asking, but we were going to walk back to the streetcar and enjoy the ride back to the French Quarter. We told how much we enjoyed eating at her restaurant, and it will be a place we visit again when we go back to New Orleans. 
I highly recommend Upperline, it is a great place, with very good food, a good wine list, and most of all an amazing atmosphere.  I will caution you if you are looking for cutting edge cuisine or the latest gastronomical trend, this isn't going to be your type of place. What you'll get at Upperline is great and classic Creole and Bistro food. I suggest you try it anyway.I took my Mom and Stepdad out to eat here a couple of weeks ago.  I hadn't been in the restaurant in years, but it felt the same as ever.  JoAnn was still greeting all of her customers at the door and coming around the dining room checking on her patrons.  It is rare to get that sort of attention from a restaurant owner anymore - so many are now merely outposts of some famous chef or restauranteurs restaurant group.
We opted for the three-course menu for $40.  The food was very good, as good as I remember it being, in fact.  I had a filet with port-wine reduction which was perfectly cooked.  My mom had a wonderful rack of lamb.  All of the food tasted marvelous (didn't taste my stepfather's fish because he refused to let anyone have a bite because it was so good!).  One thing to say about the menu is that you aren't likely to find cutting-edge cuisine at Upperline, but you will find contemporary creole and French food prepared very well.
My one gripe was with beverage service.  We brought a couple of nice bottles of wine to have with dinner, and I can understand and completely appreciate a corkage fee, but $25 per bottle is a bit high, I feel.  Typically when we bring a couple of bottles out to a meal they only charge us the corkage on the first bottle when it is so steep. In any case, I think that they should revisit their corkage policy.
On the whole, you WILL enjoy your meal at Upperline Restaurant.  The food is very good, the atmosphere is cozy and eclectic, and the personalized touch of the owner is welcomed.This place is about three blocks from my apartment and is one of the best in town. If you are here for Jazzfest you can take the street car Uptown, get off at Cadiz and walk three blocks to it.Upper line rocks and rocks hard! From the wine list to the menu and the ambience and service this place is awesome. 
I had been here before but brought my husband for the first time. Everything was so tasty. So well done and right portioned. 
I can recommend the fried green tomatoes, the lamb shank and the drum fish. I also suggest the Vieux Lazaret Chateauneuf du pape. 
I will avoid travel to New Orleans on Monday and Tuesday since Upperline is closed those days!i haven't eaten in a ton of places in new orleans, and not at a lot of the famous touristy ones, but i have eaten in a few, and this was one of my faves.  incredible food (don't miss out on the fried green tomato w/shrimp remoulade), and great service and atmosphere.  it's a higher-end, nice place, but not at all stuffy - it's funky and cool, with tons of local art covering (seriously) the walls.  i'm a big, big fan.Best complete meal I have ever had.  Perfect service and fine dining but not pretentious. Food was some of the best of my life.Spur of the moment, we were lucky just to get a reservation here let alone bringing a 5 month old baby.  The owner re-arranged tables to accommodate the pram/baby, was extremely welcoming and right from the start, we felt as though we were dining at her place.  The waiters are just formal enough to retain that air of detachment needed- in other words, they don't chummily keep pestering you for feedback or conversation.  We found the service quite fast, informative and the food was not gimmicky but perfectly cooked.  Some mighty fine sauces.  We all had the prix fixe menu with its different options and the choices range through spicy to mild, salads, vegetables and yummy desserts.  The restaurant is beautiful to look at too.  Oh, and towards the end of our meal, aforementioned baby knocked a glass of water over, drenching the table but we were never made to feel ghastly about that. We thank the owner and staff for their good grace and being the epitome of hospitality. Everything was excellent and we would return in a heartbeat.Loved every minute of my experience. Food was outstanding.  Service was great.  The owner seems to love all customers big and small.  Hard to beat.First time in New Orleans.  This place was recommended from a person who lives in the area to another person in our party.  
Sure glad we took the recommendation.  It's a few miles away from the hustle and bustle of Canal Street! But the cab ride is only $15 max
One of the best filets I have ever had.
Met the owner! Great, great lady.....very hospitable. 
Next time in New Orleans, (and I'm going back for sure), I will return.I am between 4-5 stars, really 4 1/2 only because our waiter was a bit - chilly. We do prefer service that is not overly cheery/chummy/overdone friendly but he was just a bit on the other side of the spectrum. I got the impression he's been there forever and a day. Perfectly pleasant and we were not left wanting, but just...not all that welcoming and did not ask if we wanted additional cocktails or additional wine after one of each.
On to the food: excellent all around. We got oysters st claude. salad with stilton/pecans, filet, gulf fish meuniere, bread pudding and sundae. Every bite was delicious for both of us. My filet cooked medium was precisely perfect and the béarnaise was wonderful.
The ambiance is charming with many separate rooms, each filled to the ceiling with paintings of every genre by local artists. I wanted to wander into each room and look at all of them but couldn't exactly hover over people whilst they ate LOL. I'll just have to go back a few times to make the rounds of each room. I also loved the lighting - just right not too bright and not too dark. 
We were warmly greeted by the bartender when we walked in, as he noticed the hostess (owner) was preoccupied so he made sure we got an immediate greeting until she came back to her podium. Little gestures like that make a difference. I would have like to chat a moment or two with Joann, as I've read so many nice things on here about her hospitality, but did not really get any chance. She came by our table once to ask if all was ok and did not linger more than half a minute. It was a busy night though, with almost all tables occupied. I did notice she spent time talking to two separate lone diners, which was nice giving them a bit of company and attention.
It seemed like most of the patrons were locals just based on snippets of conversations we heard. We don't know any New Orleaneans but are guessing this is a local favorite which is all the more in its favor. Will visit again next time we are ever in NOLA.Little to add beyond the other Yelpers. EXCELLENT! Appropriately names since this is definitely upper line. Easy to access by trolley, less than a block down Upperline. We misjudged transit time and arrived at 5 for 5:30 reservation...doesn't open until 5:30. They graciously invited us to wait at the bar until opening and gave us a glass of water. We were greeted and thanked for coming by everyone, and our waiter was very attentive. JoAnn made it a point to greet us as soon as we were seated and a few times thereafter. I was most impressed by her attention to details...she had one of the staff sweep up some tiny bread crumbs off a chair, the maitre'd looked at every drinking glass to assure clean, JoAnn even addressed us by name during our brief conversation after the meal even though the waiter took our card , every patron was made to feel they're the most important one there. That's a rare gift. The food was the best! We both had the 3-course Taste of New Orleans; I had the duck, wife had an excellent fillet. Wow! Thanks, JoAnn for an anniversary dinner to remember.Wow, what a local gem! This cute little restaurant is housed in buildings from the 1800s and 1900s. Upon arrival, we were greeted by the owner and promptly seated. Fresh French bread was brought to us. We got the $33 pre-fixe menu which consisted of spicy shrimp appetizer, duck with sweet mashed potatoes and bread pudding. The duck and sweet potatoes was the best fowl I have ever had! The tastes were just melting in my mouth and neither my fiancé or I had any shame about gnawing on the bone like a barbarian, it was just that good. The other dishes were not bad but the duck was worth the trip alone! I did not like my fiancé's prefixe meal. The gazapacho tasted weird and his lamb was ground up reminding me of hamburger meat. However, I highly recommend coming here for the duck! In fact get two orders. Just amazing.My husband and I ate here while in New Orleans based on the reviews.  I can't give it five stars because we had the lamb shank and it was as good as every lamb shank I have ever had for dinner.  We were kind of burned out on shellfish, so we ordered the lamb shank.  The service was good and the owner was very nice and attentive.  Overall a very good experience.Amazing food.  The best of New Orleans.  Take the street car down St. Charles and get ready for the best Cuisine in New Orleans.  Every time we come to New Orleans, Upperline will be a stop for us.  The staff treated us like royalty.The staff was flawless!!!  The fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade sauce is the best I've ever had !!! The slow roasted duck was succulent and complemented with a choice of sauces....delicious! The creme brulee was rich and done perfectly.  If you're traveling to New Orleans, and you're a foodie, you should definitely put The Upperline on your list of restaurants to visit.Nouveau Orleans cuisine.  Top notch with an incredible wine list and great staff.  The foood is above average, but really soars when paired by a knowledgeable staff member.  Most locals who dine out eat here at least once a year.  Make a reservation if you can.I came here with friends on our last night in town, and WOW. What a fantastic meal! 
JoAnne, the owner, was super sweet, and took the time to come by and chat it up with our table. She shared stories of how Upperline came to be. I loved this part of the meal the most! :-) 
I can't remember the "exact" names of the dishes that I had, but I assure you that the food was amazing. One was the spicy shrimp to start. I'm still dreaming about that corn bread! Second course was the shrimp again, with the crispy grits. Again, what's not to love about shrimp and grits?! Finally, the creme brulee. YUM. 
I also love that this is tucked back away from the major touristy places, and that the staff was so amazing!Miss Joanne is an odd bird, but she knows her hospitality.  This place is fantastic!  I make it a point to visit every time I'm in town.
The food is amazing, and well-portioned.  I was fortunate enough to come for the Revillion menu.  Four courses and with each one I practically clapped with joy.  Turtle soup, oysters remoulade (red AND white...mmm so good), duck, and pecan pie for dessert.  Also had bites of the shrimp remoulade with fried green tomato (my usual) and trout.  Everything is perfectly prepared.  
The staff has been there forever, and it sometimes shows in the lack of enthusiasm with some of the waiters.  But who cares?  They bring me food, I eat it and thank them.   Done.
Also another bonus...this is one of the few restaurants in New Orleans open on a Sunday night.   But don't tell anybody or we'll never get a table.Make reservations as walking into is not guarantee you a seat but luckily they made room for me and really enjoyed the meal. Service was attentive Miss Joanna the owner was very sweet and kind and drinks were awesome. Had the sidecar and it was tasty. Ordered the lamb ribs and they were cooked to perfection were tasty just wish I would've ordered a side with it. Had the foie gras and that was too small in my opinion but still good. The dabs of purée or sauce was very good. Will be back to get the duck.We ended up here on a Sunday night, when football crowds made us decide to range further afield for dinner. Though we didn't have a reservation, we were welcomed and given a table in short order. 
The owner greeted us herself, and she made the experience special -- she's a real New Orleans character and took time to come talk to us about the food and to bring us a printout of her favorite things in NOLA. All the staff were very friendly and efficient -- and super kind to me when I broke a water glass. 
The food ranged from good to exceptional. My partner had the Taste of New Orleans menu. He said the turtle soup, gumbo, and ettouffée were all good, though not special, and the duck/andouille combination made two of the appetizers pretty similar in flavor. We had a great bottle of wine from their nice wine list, and I started with the watercress salad. It was likewise good, though not memorable.
The entrees were special. I ordered the baby drum/hot & hot shrimp. The flavor of this, and the delicious jalapeños/habanero combination, makes my mouth water just remembering. Truly a fantastic dish that I will have to come back to New Orleans to taste again. My partner likewise thoroughly enjoyed his selections -- especially the duck. He gave me a taste of a shrimp-on-cornbread thing that was delicious, too.
The bread pudding dessert was absolutely perfect, and everything bread pudding in New Orleans should be. All in all, we loved our experience here, and would come back in a heartbeat.My wife and I enjoyed this restaurant a lot. I would highly suggest the meunière and the duck to everyone. Indeed, the owner makes the dinner very special. She is very kind and attentive to her customers' needs and feedback, it is pretty remarkable considering this restaurant has been open for over 30 years with the same owner.This place is seriously fantastic. I had come here 8 years ago and tried duck for the first time, with the the peach ginger sauce, and never forgot it. This time when I went back, I definitely was just as happy as i was the first time around. Its super traditional New Orleans style food thats perfectly executed.
They have a 7 course tasting menu for $47 which is suuuuuuper amazing (not entirely sure if this is available every night). The portions aren't overwhelming, so you walk away feeling pretty satisfied, but not bursting at the seams.  You get 3 apps (gumbo, turtle soup, duck étouffée) & 3 entrees (Duck w. peach/garlic sauce, shrimp grits, shrimp remoulade with fried green tomatoes) and a choice of dessert. This is definitely the best money ever spent. 
Its really hard to choose a favorite dish, but I really wanted to lick my plate clean after eating the shrimp & grits.We had the best food during our trip to NOLA at Upperline. They hold on to some of the classics and execute them very, very well. 
Service was not all that friendly and the space is not the most cheerful, but I would eat this chef's food on a picnic table in a parking lot.  He has some kind of magic.Great food at a reasonable price.   The fried green tomatoes with shrimp are a great appetizer.   The drum fish with shrimp was an amazing main course.  We also loved the oysters and shrimp with corn meal appetizers.  The food was spiced just right as we do like spice.  We also ordered the duck and while it was cooked perfectly, I personally did not care for either sauce.  We hope to return before we leave New Orleans.  This is certainly one of the best restaurants in New Orleans we have been to.This place exceeded expectations. It's a lovely multi-roomed restaurant with a myriad of interesting wall art. Has an intimate feel which is enhanced by the cloth tablecloths and attentive service. The owner is charming and greets you at the door. The food we had was delicious and the prix fixe menu was wonderfully varied and (for NOLA) reasonably priced. I highly recommend the turtle soup and the roast duck. My husband also enjoyed his filet. When you are ready to explore beyond the French Quarter, check out the lovely Garden District and the Upperline!the food was great, but i was more impressed with the service and the owner's wonderful art collection (lots of paintings of dogs and fruit. who doesn't like dogs and fruit?) we showed up half an hour early for dinner and the kind hostess made us special drinks, gave us a personal tour, etc. the owner even stopped by our table during dinner and gave us a list of her "favorite things" in new orleans. this was a friggin detailed list...right down to her "favorite scents in the air." the atmosphere was just very comfortable and friendly.I had an overwhelming experience at Upperline.  As background, five of my friends walked to Upperline after Endymion was cancelled due to a major downpour. On the way, I took a dive on the concrete and got mud on my jeans.  Luckily, you can arrive at Upperline in any manner as long as you mind yourself once you sit down.  They also took my ball cap at the door.
Once you sit down, you realize that you just arrived at a place where every detail was well thought out.  They have local art along the walls to spur conversation and a wine list that kept one friend occupied for several minutes.  The menu consists of a four course meal for $40.  For an appetizer, I had the P&J Oysters St. Claude.  They were a terrific start that complimented the wine we had settled on.  I also tasted the fried green tomatos which I gladly devoured.  For the entree, I had the Wine-Braised Lamb Shank.  It was tender and brilliantly prepared.  I also had Pecan Pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream for dessert.  All of these choices were divine and I could see that my friends enjoyed theirs as well.  All except one, who felt her Filet Mignon was a little tough to cut with the knife provided.  And to everyone's surprise, the owner, a wonderful lady, came by and cut her steak for her with the chef's knife!  What an embarrassment and treat at the same time as the table ate up the attention.
As a side treat, Anderson Cooper, Kelly Rippa, and friends were sat near us as they were headlining the parade that was cancelled.  It was a lot of entertainment and wonderful memories that I have and will continue to share with others.Absolutely charming, small restaurant in uptown New Orleans. Cozy and chic, it still has the old New Orleans neighborhood feel. It is a bit dressy and pricey, but you should leave totally satisfied.  The food is very good and the service is prompt, if a bit formal, which only adds to the old world, special feel. I had fried, green tomatoes with remoulade and a few delightfully fried oysters, filet mignon, and the pecan pie; 3 courses for $40.  Warm baguette bread arrives on a warm plate with butter.  I had not planned on dessert, but the appetizer and entree were pleasantly small, so that one can enjoy a slice of dessert without feeling stuffed.world class !!!! amazing gourmet food for the price, wonderful old school nola fine dining, 5 star service, beautiful location, no pretense, the owner greats you and oversees every last detail, perfect experiance, hands downFive of us had dinner here during JazzFest. The atmosphere was casual elegant, and the gracious staff made everyone feel comfortable.  My wife had drum with crab topping and loved it. A couple of us had the roasted duck which was outstanding. The three course fixed price dinner had a variety of wonderful selections, and overall a good value for the quality of the food and service. I also want to acknowledge the broad selection of wine and at reasonable prices. All this made for a very relaxing and pleasant evening. We will definitely come back!Truly a gem. Great and I mean great meal. The filet was cooked to perfection. The atmosphere was just right. Friendly service and we will return on next trip to NOLA. don't pass up the bread pudding. Wow.Our party of 10 had an exceptional dining experience here at Upperline.  We ate at some of the most acclaimed places in New Orleans during our long weekend visit and this was the best.  Even our large party got great attention.  The ambiance is wonderful and the food incredible.  My oso bucco was perfect, all the people who had seafood loved it, the wine list was extensive and had a broad price, vintage, and region range.  We'd recommend this to anyone and will certainly be back when our group meets up in New Orleans again.The food was good but the star of the evening was the owner herself.  She was very engaging and did an excellent job of making us feel like guests in her home.  I really enjoyed the time she took in her description of all the characters in the painting that hangs in the foyer.  It's a very cool painting depicting some of the colorful personalities that make a NOLA a truly special place.JoAnn provides a wonderful personal experience that is equal to her fine dining experience.  The fried oysters were the best I've ever had anywhere, and the roast duck nearly as great as my favorite french restaurant in Palm Beach FL.
Everything we ordered was perfectly prepared and everything was special.  The fried green tomatoes and the etouffee appetizer were off the charts.  Two of us had the duck and two had the drum fish and everyone was happy.
We liked the three course $45 deal a lot and enjoyed all the desserts.  The creme brûlée was equal to the many I've had in Paris and the pecan pie crispy and not too sweet.  
The wine lists includes the perfect choices for a great meal.  JoAnn, we all look forward to visiting you again soon.Upperline restaurant is a real hidden gem. Well I guess people in the know really do know because while it was small and unassuming, it was busy. The restaurant itself is in a home and its beautiful rooms are so cozy and intimate. The art on the wall super interesting and stunning. The cocktails were elegant but grown up cocktails. The food was sophisticated yet traditional. I had the etouffe with pepper jelly, fried green tomatoes and the chocolate sundae was magnificent... dark drizzled chocolate with toasted almonds. Finally the hostess and owner came to each table to ask about the meal. I was overwhelmed by this restaurants qualities in the best way.Its only a block or 2 off the St. Charles street car line so makes for a scenic trip out of the French Quarter. No complaints about the food though you can find similar fare in/near the Quarter. As far as value for what you get -- its OK. Service was both professional and frosty. I agree with other Yelpers that its a good place to take your parents.The tasting menu, my friends! Duck étouffée, turtle soup, and gumbo--eye-rolling. The latter two must be among the best in the city... We can't imagine improvements. The duck leg? Best I've ever had ANYWHERE (and that's on its own--both sauces are amazing too though!). And spicy shrimp with cornbread was phenomenal! Okay... And not kidding, the best pecan pie I've ever had, with bread pudding in the top three. 
Our waiter was attentive, patient, and helpful. Owner acts as hostess but will come around to see how your meal went, and she's lovely. Graceful, and truly cares about your meal. An overall wonderful experience. And all at a laughably low price, considering the quality. Must go!Love this place. Love the food, love Joann. This is a phenomenal place. Really good Southern cooking. oysters awesome, tasting menu is nice. It's a very pleasant ambience, casual, with fabulous food. the spicy shrimp rocked and corn bread... whole experience top-shelf.Very nice place with good food!  The wait staff was fine, particularly since I was with a group of 14!  The warm brie salad was a little disappointing, but the rest of my meal was great.  I had the veal grillades with cheese grits and for dessert, creme brulee. It is a little on the pricey side but not ridiculously so.  I love the art!This restaurant is off the beaten track and very unassuming inside and out.  But man they do amazing things with their food.  We tried the tasting menu and it was delicious.  The service was great and the owner stopped by our table to chat.  Very sweet and charming woman.  Interesting decor as it is her art collection from her travels, but overall a wonderful meal all around.This restaurant is a lovely little spot. It is a bit fancier than I can usually afford, but it's near my house and I was looking to splurge. I ordered the Taste of New Orleans or something like that, basically a small serving of their most popular dishes. Everything tasted wonderful and arrived at our table quickly despite the crowd. Our server was very nice and offered her opinions freely on which cocktails to try. The space is very charming; it feels like you're in an old house instead of a bustling restaurant. Interesting artwork covers every available wall. I would definitely return if I somehow manage to find a rich boyfriend to buy me nice food.I alwayd enjoy upperline.  Miss joanne is always sweet. The duck is spectacular. The drinks are devine, the desserts are second to none, wonderful art and vibe!Went part of Coolinary month and had the three course special. Tried the Jerked Pork Shank with watermelon salad as well as duck special. Both were cooked to the level of quality that I was expecting.
The restaurant itself, which is owned by Joanne for 30+ years now is quite the lovely date spot. The middle level right by the windows is a perfect example of New Orlean's characteristic of turning charmy homes into respected restaurants.  
Will be back for more.The food was incredible, and could not have had a more satisfying meal. We went on a Friday night without a reservation and were seated rather quickly. We order off the al a carte menu and could not have been more pleased. Our dinner included the p& j crispy oyster, spicy shrimp with jalapeño cornbread and aioli, goat cheese spring mix salad with crispy sweet potato shavings and Parmesan grits and pecan bread pudding with toffee sauce for dessert. I would highly recommend this to any one visiting the New Orleans area.i'm sorry, upperline.  i know change can be a good thing and lord knows i usually embrace it, but you've changed.  and i don't like it.
the duck, which used to be my favorite thing on the menu - moist and tender on the inside, perfectly seasoned and skin nicely crispy, had been updated in a way that doesn't sit right with me.  there is a rub on the skin now which is overwhelming in its saltiness, so heavy that the skin is no longer crisp and therefore, the meat not as tender.  the sweet potatoes not as creamy, sweet, or plentiful as times passed.  
my beloved oysters st. claude, which used to be presented with just a dollop of garlicky, red peppery sauce on each fried oyster, is now plated on a bed of the stuff - too much of a good thing.  and too much lemon zest in the mix now.
the ambiance is still there.  the service and joanne.  and the prices.  but the food is not the same.  in my heart, the expectations i had for my return meal (post chef change) were so thoroughly dashed i would rate the place 2 stars now.  but removing the knowledge of what it once was, three seems fair.
my search for my favorite duck begins anew.The guy answering the phone lied to me, about reservations, so can't say how it is- there are plenty of other fine dining options in NO!Best meal I have had in many years. If you are lucky enough to get in take advantage.I love this restaurant.  I heard rave reviews for over a year before I tried it.  My pocketbook is glad I held out so long because this is the one restaurant I always want to eat at, but it is not affordable on my current budget.  The food is amazing, the staff is friendly and attentive.  
I have only two complaints.  First, I wish they offered the appetizer sampler that is a part of the 7 course sampler menu as a regular menu item.  Second, when I spend over $9 on an appetizer, I expect more than a bite.  The Duck Etouffée portion was laughably small.  Incredibly delicious, but not good value for the money.  
I wish I could eat the Sauteed Baby Drum Meuniere every day of my life. 
So far, I've introduced several people to this restaurant and every single one has walked away happy.One of the best meals that I have eaten in my three years in NOLA. The price is reasonable too. I will definitely go back.Had a fantastic dinner here!!! Loved that this was outside the French Quarter and was filled with locals who had come there to dine. The elderly owner, JoAnn, is there every night and had a nice chat with my wife and me. She had the Cane River Shrimp & Grits. I had the taste of Nola. Shrimp was incredible! Overall, my taste of Nola was good but if i had to go again, i would just order an appetizer and a main dish. While i LOVED the duck as part of the sampler menu, everything didn't quite taste hot enough, especially the soups. And the tasting menu seemed a bit steep in price. Drinks were reasonably priced and delicious. The bartender Gerard is A++++ and super friendly, just like everyone else there. The restaurant is an old home covered in beautiful artwork. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant to everyone! Get out of the French Quarter and visit a true mom & pop restaurant that cooks excellent Louisiana cuisine with friendly and kind service.Writing this is like punishing your kid. I really loved this place, but judging solely on food, I couldn't give this place more than a 3. 
The place has a great vibe, and the service was beyond great but it literally came down to the food. 
The fried green tomatoes and shrimp remoulade was alright. The sauce was very overpowering and kind of smothered the tomato to the point where the tomato went soggy. The sauce was also very cold and the tomatoes were room temperature which made them very cold right away.
I ordered the veal. The veal was pounded really small, but it wasn't breaded, but it maybe was seared with flour, either way it was almost a cutlet but not. The top of it had quite a bit of grease pooling in the texture of it. The sauce that came with it was delicious but there wasn't enough sauce on this one (I'm sounding like goldie locks). The grits were really, really delicious. Someone at our table ordered the filet which was cooked perfectly, but the side was just a plain roasted potato. 
I ordered the creme brûlée at the beginning of my meal, and right after they took our plates they very nicely told me that they were out of it. Understandable, they for sure make them daily and do not store them. The bread pudding was very good. 
Overall it wasn't an unpleasant experience by any means. It just was good, not something to right home about but definitely a good experience. The owner and the ambiance is enough to convince you to come through the door.Had a fantastic experience there Sunday evening. My evening started with a refreshing Pimms cocktail. The Prix Fixe menu had great options from to the fried oysters to the fried green tomatoes to the shrimp with porcini mushrooms and on to the bread pudding - it was all delicious and well-prepared. Our hostess was a delight, funny and charming, bubbling around the dining area, connecting with her guests. A youngish staff did a good job of serving the busy dining room. One con: there's not much room to wait at the bar. This is one of those neighborhood gems you kinda don't want to spoil by telling everyone.I celebrated my wedding anniversary at Upperline last night (a Wednesday night) and was very impressed and enjoyed my evening. This was our first time at Upperline, after dining at many of NOLA's great restaurants. I think a more accurate rating would be 4.5 stars, but I'd rather give 5 than 4 stars. 
Food - Everything was excellent. We had the three course tasting menu, which for $40 is very reasonable. To start, I had the shrimp with fried green tomatoes, which was amazing. My husband had the P&J Oysters - even better than mine!. I had the lamb for my entre and my husband had the roasted duck. Both were excellent, though the duck was probably the best duck my duck-loving husband has ever had. For dessert I had the bread pudding which was top notch and my husband had the sundae, also very good with its homemade syrup.  - Truly a 5 star meal.
Ambiance - relaxed yet refined; also 5 stars. I especially like all the art on the walls.
Service - This was the only minor deviation from our 5 star experience. The waiter seemed kind of cold and stiff initially, though he did lighten up by the end. Also, he gained major points by bringing us candles in our desserts for our Anniversary without us even telling him of the occassion - I think he saw the anniversary cards we were reading. Still, the service is where I would give 4 stars rather than 5. 
All in all we really enjoyed Upperline and would definitely return.Some hits and some misses.  Fried green tomatoes sliced way too thick and they were not good. I didn't know you could screw that up.  Duck, however was very good.  I thought portion sizes were small for the price.  You won't have anything to take home if you come hungry.  We had reservations, but waited 40 minutes for a table.  Bill was $180+ including tip and tax for 2 and we only had 1 bottle of $30 wine.  We did have 1 drink each at the bar that was about $15, but we were stuck there waiting for our table.  We even had to wait about 15 minutes to get the attention of the bartender to get the d*m drink.Came here tonight (on a Sunday) for dinner which is about a 15 min ride from the French Quarter.  JoAnn the owner is so personable and such a sweetheart. 
Duck and andouille gumbo - flavorful & very good 
Duck and andouille etouffe - flavorful & very good
Fried oysters - good
Duck - tasty and tender 
Lamb shank - excellent and tender
Bread pudding - very good
Creme brulee - very goodOutstanding!! I had dinner with my wife there last night to celebrate Valentine's Day! Everything was excellent. I'd say it is definitely in the Top 10 of  NOLA eating establishments. Service was outstanding !!! I highly recommend the "Taste Of New Orleans" & the Sundae. Living in NOLA,  one never has to eat @ any restaurant twice because there are so many fine eateries to choose from. The Upperline is one of those I'll definitely return to.You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu, but I recommend the Taste of New Orleans, which includes most of their specialties such as fried green tomatoes and the fried oysters. Joanne the owner is a delight and exactly the personality that you want as your restaurant host.This was a famous restaurant in New Orleans that has been around forever. My wife and I went here for dinner one night and got to meet the owner. She took us around and showed her art off to us that adorns the walls in this place. It is a huge art collection and she says she has so much that sometimes she changes the pictures out in the restaurant with ones that are home. The wait staff is top-notch and the food is off the chain great. If you only get to eat at one restaurant in New Orleans this is the place to do it.Great place to be with friends. Service outstanding. Food perfect. Exactly what a neighborhood restaurant should be, but could stack up next to any restaurant in the world.This is less of a review and more of a "Thank You".  I have had great meals in my time but coming across a great experience is a whole different matter.  Last night my wife and I went to Upperline for their Coolinary Menu.  The food was fantastic and will rank up there with my favorite things I have ever eaten, but it was everything else that made the experience so nice.  The service, the surroundings, the smiles...they all contributed.  So, thank you JoAnna, for your hospitality, your sincerity and an experience I will think fondly of for many years to come.Exquisite!! A true NOLA gem. Fine dining in an unpretentious setting. The 7 course tasting is a perfect way to sample the specialties.  However a 3 course $40 meal is an option as is ala carte. Fried green tomatoes are a must.  Reservations are a necessity.I had an excellent meal here. Every course was solid and good. My salad was dressed perfectly. My entree was very good and the dessert was excellent. The service was outstanding. Upperline is an Uptown gem!We arrived with high hopes but left a little disappointed.  Service was prompt and courteous.  The portions seemed too small for some dishes.  We talked and the flavors seem dated, like from 1990's, mild flavors, just needing a kick. 
Went there based on reviews but will not go back.This is a wonderful restaurant, with a lot of warmth, some good food and a nice mellow atmosphere.  the food isn't necessarily unique, but nothing is fried or battered or drenched in so much sauce that you can't taste it.  it's new orleans' food in its simplest form, but with some interesting sauces that are always on the side.  the restaurant is housed in a very old building, and the restaurant has been family-owned for 28 years (Joanne is a treasure, and a bundle of 71-year old energy), and the original art everywhere on the walls (even in the bathrooms) makes the place warm and gives it a casual feel.  i would definitely eat here again.  the $40 three course deal is definitely worth the money.  Upperline is a winner.  Better make a reservation...as it's only open for dinner five days a week.Food was missing most of the spice.  Tasting menu was ok, and worth a try if you have never eaten in New Orleans.  But the turtle soup was acidic, and the sherry was added at the table (who does that?).  The andouille gumbo was good.  The duck was tasteless.  Their "hot and hot" shrimp is just peppery, not really spicy.  I had expected a restaurant of this caliber to know the difference.
Art is interesting inside, and the service is great.   But at these prices, especially in New Orleans, we expected more.What a great experience from start to finish! They were able to squeeze us in for a same day reservation (I wouldn't count on that!) and seated us as soon as we arrived. Our waiter was clearly knowledgeable but careful about when to weigh in and when to step back (you should always trust your waiter in a place like this!). Dishes were served beautifully and surprisingly quickly. 
We enjoyed different salads and fried oysters, followed by roast duck and veal roulades, with crepe brûlée and pecan pie. The salad greens were same-day fresh and lightly dressed. The duck was moist and flavorful, alone or enhanced by either a peach ginger sauce or a garlic port sauce (the sauces were both fabulous!). The creme brûlée was better than my own -- something I can almost *never* say about creme brûlée in a restaurant-- and the pecan pie was so good that it didn't even benefit from the scoop if ice cream it came with. I can't speak to the oysters or veal but I noticed they were entirely consumed with no complaints.
In short, this is a gem of a restaurant and one we will all remember for years to come!Charming, quirky, fancy and delicious, Upperline is a must if you are in New Orleans and looking for that spot a little off the beaten path.  The owner is Joanne, an incredibly warm and welcoming hostess who personally ensures that all parties are satisfied.  And with the food coming out of this kitchen, there's no way to not be.  The menu is prix fix, with all offerings featuring a culinary tour of New Orleans, and for the quality, the prices are quite reasonable.  Definitely make reservations (call on Wednesday at 1pm CST), and get out here!We've been here at least half a dozen times.
The food is always excellent and the service is usually the same (we did have a snooty waiter one time but I think he is gone now).
The owner is a fabulous hostess and always makes you feel right at home.
One of our favorite restaurants in the city.This is a wonderful place to spend an evening. The food was unique, with flavors that delighted the palette. The choices were straight forward but plenty and varied. Something for everyone. The wine list was approachable and reasonably priced, so there were options from the studied drinker but nice on the pocketbook. 
The waitstaff was knowledgeable, and encouraged you to interact with them. They were a big part of being relaxed with the experience. No review would be complete without mentioning the owner. You felt as if she were welcoming you into her home as her personal guest. She is a dear.
I had the Rack of Lamb. Maybe the best I have been offered. Cooked to perfection with a sauce to die for. One daughter had the Shrimp and Grits. She made short order of it and loved it. The other daughter had the Duck Breast and pronounced it in her top two or three and she eats it everywhere. My wife had a fish special and was more taken with the presentation and all of the unique offering on the plate than with the fish. Like me, she was unable to consider desert, just too satisfied already.
Like many of the very special places between the Garden District and Audubon this one should be on everyone's list to not miss. We will be going back!I'm usually not one of those people who runs to places as soon as they see them featured on TV. Most of those are tourist traps. However, there was something very fascinating about seeing Upperline on "The Best thing I Ever Ate". The duck just looked fantastic in every way. 
After securing my reservation a week before, I was incredibly excited. As an aside, Joann the owner spoke to me for a good five minutes and was such a nice and pleasant woman. She asked how I had heard about the place.
The restaurant is a finely run well oiled machine. Within a second of sitting down, the bread comes from the kitchen, which seems to be a recurring theme in New Orleans. Bread was replenished multiple times over the span of the meal. An amuse bouche also comes to the table, which was a really sweet touch and something not found in many NO restaurants. Nice to see they are attempting to stay modern with the times, even though the place is classic.
I really liked the interior of the place. Casual, yet classy. Colorful photos and a warm atmosphere. By 6:30 the place was jam packed. And price wise? How reasonable is 3 courses for $40? That is unheard of when dining in a place of this wonderful reputation.
Since I am a glutton I added an extra course and boy am I glad I did.
First was the spicy shrimp with jalapeno cornbread. So delicious, and everything I wanted in an appetizer. Perfectly portioned, 4 large shrimp set atop moist sweet cornbread covered in tons of caramelized red onion, and a spicy sauce dotted with some creamy dots. This was just screaming New Orleans and was just the right amount of heat and spice as to not overpower the shrimp and palette.
Next was the fried oysters with 2 remoulades. Again, New Orleans personified. Perfectly fried, served with a reddish remoulade and a creamier white remoulade and something that resembled coleslaw in the middle to cool down the spicy remoulades. Another fine plate.
Then the piece de resistance. I have to admit 3 days earlier I was sorely disappointed by my duck at Brigtsen's. So naturally I was afraid that I would again be let down by the duck at Upperline. However, this duck lived up to the hype and more! So incredible.. everything you want in a duck dish. The plate came to the table SIZZLING, with the waiter warning me as to not touch the plate in fear of getting burnt. Staring at the huge specimen in front of me I grinned intensely awaiting cutting into it and sinking my teeth into the much anticipated duck meat. Presented with 2 great sauces, pecan sweet potatoes, and as two large duck legs still connected, which I've never ever seen before. This was like duck on steroids. The skin was so crispy, seasoned well, giving way to some of the juiciess duck I have had to date. When done well, duck is one of my favorite foods. But it also very difficult to get right but here they nailed it perfectly. It didn't need the sauces but they just added to the over the tope deliciousness. Garlic port was my preference over the ginger peach but each definitely had its place. The sweet potatoes were amazing and I only wish they were 4 times larger. 
To end a nice honey-pecan bread pudding. If there was one plate that wasn't utterly amazing it was this one. Thankfully, I knew I was going to have Creole Creamery afterward so it was no big deal. But it was just decent and nothing special by NOLA standards. Galatoire's, Luke, Mother's, were all better.
Truly, one of the best complete meals I have ever had. So much so that the next time in New Orleans, I am making this a MUST.
And even though Joann couldn't be there to share it with me, I spoke to her husband afterward who called me a cab and had a wonderful convo with him while I waited. He told me that even though the chef is new and in flux, the menu will not change! I told him that they should never change it because this place is a gem and tradition stands the test of time. If it isn't broke down fix it!.Loved, loved, loved the food and service was as good as it gets. Interesting decor and a scenic drive from our hotel on Canal Street. Completely worth the journey.We went here for our 15th. wedding anniverary. We were looking for a restaurant that had great food and a homey but romantic atmosphere without to much attitude. We found a great treasure. The food was excellent and the attention from the staff was perfect. They were not intrussive, but very attentive. 
The old converted house had just the right charm and small intimate areas. The food was delicious. the tasting menu had a taste of the best of the menu and was extrememly affordable. 
My husband and I have been to many much more expensive rstaurants that didn't give as much for your money. This was a great find. We will definately be back.I ordered the 7-item taste of New Orleans and my wife ordered the similar 3-item option.  We both enjoyed the dishes, particularly the duck etouffee.  The bread pudding and pecan pie we both well prepared and enjoyable.  We highly recommend a visit!Another fantastic Uptown Restaurant! The atmosphere is eclectic, open and fun. The owner is the most welcoming women I have ever met.  
The spicy shrimp cornbread and garlic chicken were perfect. The experience could only get better with the bread pudding!
The only downfall I have is the parking. We drove in circles for a while and were a few minutes late to our reservation, but it was totally worth it.Best dinner we had in NOLA.  We are from NY and have been to many fine restaurants. Service was perfect, food was delicious.  Can't wait to go back!!!!!!Two friends and I had dinner at Upperline during our girls' weekend, and everything was fabulous. We had a great bottle of wine. I had the fried green tomatoes appetizer and my friends had the oysters. We all had the roasted half duck and a side of mustard greens for sharing. I would have never chosen the duck, but our waiter recommend it, and it was excellent. Also, these were the best tasting mustard greens I've ever had!  For dessert, we had the pecan pie and creme brule. Two of us love to cook, and we were all happy with our meals.  The service was great, and we enjoyed talking to JoAnn.  I give Upperline a well deserved 5 stars!So we were visiting the city and we were recommended to eat here and I'm SO glad that we did. I left a vm and within 1 minute, the owner phoned me back, apologized that I had to leave a message and confirmed my reservation. She was so kind...too the time to ask where I was from and that she was looking forward to my visit. I ordered the 3 course Louisiana taster which gave me 7 dishes to try including desert. They were ALL AMAZING. Even the coffee I had with the bread pudding. And Joanne (sp?) Came by our table to see how we were. Told us about the history and how she could have never made it without her loyal team.  So the service, food, environment was just wonderful. Thanks to the staff for providing us an amazing meal and time. If you want an amazing meal outside of the chaos of the French quarter, you MUST try this place.My Husband and I went to Upperline with high expectations, based on the reviews and maybe it was OK but when you compare it with other New Orleans restaurants it lacked in almost every way.
The service was good. We didn't appreciate the owner coming by every 10 minutes and the food was probably OK except there was no presentation and I expect my food to look good when i dine out. I had the sampler. They brought me two plates, one with two plops and the other with three plops of different foods. My husband had an entree and again the food was just spooned on the plate: no garnish, no sides, just a plop of food.
I would not go back to Upperline.This is a consistently good to excellent fine dining venue that has an enjoyable atmosphere.  It is located in a nice area right off Prytania Street and the owner is usually there to greet you.  They do a yearly garlic celebration and I do love garlic so that always makes me happy!  They  have a good gumbo and turtle soup.  The only complaint I would have is that they serve soup in dainty little teacups so you never get enough and I don't like dainty and I think only tea should be served in teacups!  This place is often crowded so it would be advisable to make reservations.  It is certainly worthy of a visit but they are only open Wednesday-Sunday.I'm remorseful that it has taken me so many years to come to Upperline.  What a gem, and the food was extraordinary.  We've been hitting the new hip places and avoiding some of the older New Orleans institutions, and now regret it.  This place is a must!  
We were greeted cordially by the Owner, Joanne, who's most gracious,  and also oversees quite compentently a well run, comfortable and beautiful restaurant.  It is cozy enough to feel like a private home, and the art adds a lot to the character.  The bar should not be missed and should be on the National Registry of Historic Places... beautiful Art Deco decor.
Tables are far enough apart for private conversation, and unlike the more contemporary, hip places you can at least have a decent level conversation.
Now one would wonder if a 30+year old restaurant would be a bit stale? Absolutely not here.  The options were creative with enough variety for anyone's palate.  We started with an etouffe and an oyster dish, both excellent.  The sauce under the oysters was very tasted and complimented them well.  We had meat dishes, lamb and veal, both excellent, tasty and well prepared.  The greens with the lamb was a standout.  My dining companion is not a fan of grits, but loved the grits with the veal, creamy and smooth.
For desert we had bread pudding-exceptional, and pecan pie, perhaps the only ordinary thing of the entire meal.
The wine list won us over, and is broad and top notch; and not a huge mark up.
We'll be back and encourage anyone wanting really a great New Orleans experience to come to Upperline.A second time visit, the owner of the restaurant is a very nice, welcoming graceful woman, she really adds the attractiveness. She said in every category the first four dish is most liked by customers, so we tried according the rank on the list.
Appetizer: oyster and the Fried Green Tomato with Shrimp Remoulade
Entree: Grilled drum and Braised Lamb Shank 
Dessert:Honey-Pecan Bread Pudding and Pecan Pie. Both are great, just I really ordered too much pecan, haha, I should try some sorbet instead pecan pie.We were here on Saturday night and really enjoyed our meal.  We were given a warm welcome upon arrival by the famous JoAnn Clevenger, who remember it was our anniversary.  I had the drum fish which was some of the best fish I ever had.  My wife had the 7 course Sampler which was very good, but nothing stood out as outstanding.  If you are looking for a romantic, neighborhood restaurant that serves  authentic creole food, this is an excellent choice.  My only negative is I don't love the concept of a sampler menu as the main focus of a menu... it  makes it seem like the kitchen is doing assembly line cooking.We were given a warm welcome upon arrival by the famous JoAnn Clevenger. Some people who get noticed by James Beard tend to get a little pretentious (I'm not naming names), but Ms. Clevenger is truly a caring and gracious host.
We started out with a wonderful cocktail suggested by our veteran waiter that paired itself well to the renowned fried green tomatoes. A nice bottle of Pinot Noir was perfect with the sublime baby drum fish.
My desert was in liquid form (Brandy Alexander) and was a perfect end to a perfect evening.
Ms. Clevenger makes it a point to visit every table to ensure your upmost satisfaction with the expertly prepared meal. I'm looking forward to visiting her again.Fantastic. Went here after reading Brett Anderson's review in the Times-Picayune, and I'm glad I did. First, Joann, the owner, greeted me add the door with genuine warmth. She knew someone who had my (unusual) last name and had been to my home state of Oklahoma, where she bought out the contents of an old store in Idabel one time. She checked on me during my meal and made sure to send me off when I left. The dining room is sophisticated but homey. You would be at home there in a suit and tie or just in blue jeans and tennis shoes, as I was. This is not at all a tourist spot.
And the food--I had the 7-course New Orleans tasting menu ($45)-- was super. Make sure you try the duck and andouille etoufee. The pepper jelly that accompanied it took an already excellent dish to another level. I also thought the jalapeno cornbread and spicy shrimp were standouts, too. My sidecar was delicious too. The only downside is that the 7-course meal was just a bit too much food. My buttons just about started popping off midway through the pecan pie.
I'll be back next time I'm in New Orleans.The service is excellent.  Timing of the food was impeccable.  Very important in a 3 course meal.  The food was the best we had while in New Orleans (which included Dominica at The Roosevelt Hotel, Dickie Breenens and the main restaurant at The Ritz-Carleton).  It was some of the best food we have had in over a year.  We eat out 3-4 times a week.  We are foodies and we are snobs about food.  Pleasing us is easy if all goes well.  It was a fantastic meal.  We were greeted by name, they knew immediately where we were to sit.  The staff are professionals not just waiters trying to get a tip. They deserve high regard. We made reservations on the advice of the owner of a local bookstore. We knew nothing about this restaurant at all.  We could not have been more pleased.  The oysters were perfect as was the shrimp, and the Sazarac we dream about. I truly wish other restaurant employees could get an opportunity to see what it is like to take pride in your establishment and your job. We will absolutely be back and hesitate to write this review for fear of not being able to get a table the next time.I have to tell you what a memorable meal I had at Upperline.
My mother and I met in New Orleans (she from California, me from NYC) to celebrate her birthday. I called ahead of time and the owner, Joanne, picked up the phone and took my reservation. At the time, I told her it was my mom's birthday.
When we came in, she greeted us and chatted with us, telling us stories about the restaurant and New Orleans, and of course, about the menu. We shared the Taste of New Orleans sampler, and the fish special. Everything was delightful - attentively prepared and served with a unique and nuanced flavoring all its own. Two bites in to our fish we realized it was not the one we'd ordered - not only did Joanne apologize but proceeded to bring us each our own plate of the correct order. I so appreciated her grace in handling what could have been a sour mark on our evening. 
After the meal she told us about some of her favorite places in New Orleans, walked us around the restaurant and showed us the art she'd collected, and then helped us to call a taxi.
My mother said it was one of the most special meals she had ever had (and she's been to some nice place), because of the warmth and  kindness of Joanne and the staff. THANK YOU so much, Upperline, for making my trip with my mom so wonderful. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a memorable dinner in a beautiful, memorable city.An amazing fine dining experience. I had the New Orleans tasting menu my wife the sautéed drum fish (awesome).  I am a 
large man and I was totally sated by this meal. Turtle soup, duck gumbo, fried green tomatoes with shrimp, 1/4 of a duck with  fantastic dipping sauce.  Dessert was included and I had the bread pudding with toffee sauce-woohoo!  We had two drinks each and the bill was $130 plus tip. 
The restaurant is located in the Garden district one block off the St Charles trolley line, about a 20 minute ride from Canal St. 
The owner Joann, a charming and gracious hostess greets all patrons and makes you feel at home in the dining room, which is decorated with her collection of Nola artwork.
The only downside was that I arrived underdressed-shorts n tee, which is not my style, but that is how our day evolved. Our waiter looked down his nose at me and was never able to shake his prissy attitude. I should have deducted a star but the owner more than made up for his snobbery.So I stopped in passing on my way home this past weekend. Let me just say this...I don't like gumbo - but OMG I fell inlove with it Saturday!! Surprisingly enough, I even tried the turtle...yes I said turtle soup - a bit strong but yummy as can be. I've never had better shrimp in my life and the cornbread was amazing. It was expensive, but i'd pay Double the amount just to eat there again! Great detour for me.Just had dinner with a few friends. We went there based on the positive reviews but I have disagree.  We all were disappointed. Now many of the positive reviewers will disagree with me but I have eaten all over the world so maybe my palette is used to good simple food from different regions. To start we ordered a reserved wine and it was not we expected. You can get better wine for $15. The appetizers were not that special.  I felt it lacked anything special worthy of the price and the fancy name. Entrees were okay as well. Nothing to scream about. Again, maybe people like it because it is all what they know. We travel the world and in our opinion this is a place to where you feel like you had a great meal because you spent all that money on it. If you like this kind of stuff , go for it.  Not saying their food Is horrible. Just that you can find better in this great Nee Orleans.I had a really great birthday dinner here: lots of seafood and duck and loads of flavor.
Spicy Shrimp with jalapeno cornbread appetizer lived up to it's name. My date's duck was perfectly cooked, he reports. I'm ashamed, but i forgot my dish, but it was shrimp plus some sort of fish, and it was wonderful (and it's not listed on their website). 
And I loved that the owner and the chef came by to say hello!Great resturant! This cozy local oasis is great for locals and tourist a like !! A must go if your in the uptown area. Keep in mind parking may be a bit tight but well worth the challenge!I've been lucky enough to dine at Upperline a few times in the past 10 years or so and i have ALWAYS had an amazing meal.  The food is ALWAYS amazing, the service is impeccable and the ambiance is fun, but intimate.  I've never had a less than stellar meal here.I usually do not write reviews and I'm a bit selfish because I read them all the time to help make a decision so, I thought i would do my part this time. This place was absolutely one of the best meals I have ever had. There was a large group of us so we had the opportunity to sample just about everything on the menu, and yes... we ALL shared taking bites off each others plates. Everything was outstanding but I have to say, the roast duck, Fried green tomatoes with spicy shrimp, and the turtle soup were the stars of the show!  Our waiter was a little bit uptight, but we did not allow him to dampen our spirit, Joanne the owner came by several times to ensure everything was perfect and made up for his stuffiness. She is over the top friendly and attentive!  I will say that we had a large group (twelve) and they had to split us into two table but.... DO NOT LET THAT STOP YOU. My wife and I are big foodies and have eaten at many of the restaurants  featured on food network & TV chef locations.  Some have disappointed but this place exceeded expectation.  The menu has a 4 course and 7 course option that are extremely well priced for the quality of the food and the average New Orleans fine dining restaurant. Look out Emeril, Besh and every other over rated NOLA chef,  look out.... Upperline is taking the crown!Unfortunately I did not get to eat the food.  I just wanted to share my extremely interesting conversation with the person that answered the phone.
We were calling for an 11 top to make a reservation and at first he said OK and then the conversation got a little weird.  He asked how I heard about the restaurant, I said online.  He asked where we were staying...odd, so I gave him our address.  Then he asked how we know each other!  I told him friends...then he asked how we would want the bill split up.  I told preferable separate and he said they may not be able to do that.  I said that is OK and he put me on hold.  He came back a second later and said you know what I have 2 other people on the line, let me call you right back and he took my name and number.  
He called back about 10 minutes later and said I am sorry we can't seat an 11 top!  Now I do not want to call anyone a liar but why all the questions if you simply could not sit an 11 top??  He said he would call back if anything changes.
Strangest reservation I have ever attempted, not sure if he was just an employee or if he was management but the more I think about I am pretty turned off by the experience.All of the good of New Orleans - outstanding food, attentive service, unique atmosphere - without a lot of the mess or crowds. This is where the people that live in New Orleans go, and with good reason. JoAnn Clevenger is a treasure, and this lovely oasis is a classic. You are greeted and taken care of on your first visit with as much care as if you were a weekly regular. I have never come out of an evening at  the Upperline without feeling like I got much more than I had paid for.One of my favorite pricey restaurants.  Professional-grade service.  Delicious food.  Beautiful restaurant.  Romantic setting, yet not boring, as it's typical for them to have a full-house. 
They have a fully stocked bar and a list of specialty cocktails.
Must get the brussel sprouts with onions and/or the asparagus with Bernaise sauce.  Also, loved the traditional New Orleans, fried green tomatoes.  
The drum with hot, hot shrimp is super tasty, for those who like their food with a little kick, like I do.  If you are a steak lover, order the filet mignon; you will not be disappointed!  They also have duck.
And, oh my gosh, they have dessert; order the creme brulet!  Creamy, sweet, flavorful, and adorable, as it comes in this little blue and white china.  Savor every bite.  
The Brandy Alexander is a must!  If you love after-dinner drinks, get it!
Upperline is a great place to celebrate something special like a birthday, anniversary, Valentine's Day...etc.  This is truly what New Orleans is about and always should be about.  Other "acclaimed" restaurants could learn a thing or two.Our meal and experience at Upperline was fantastic. I called the day of to make dinner reservations and the owner kindly fit me in. She is so very welcoming and interested in your dining experience. She checked with the tables multiple times and chatted with the guests. I had a nice chat with her as well and topped off the wonderful meal. Our food was delicious straight away. We both ordered from the three course menu and added in items from the specials menu. We shared the Foie Gras, Cress Salad, Filet, the yellowtail curry special, greens, jalapeno cornbread , a few glasses of wine and cocktails. The flavors of each dish were outstanding. It was a celebration and a meal fit for it. Side note: we are from Chicago and that Filet knocked our socks off. If i had the time I would have dined here each night. Seriously.The Upperline Restaurant is a casual elegant elevated modern Creole restaurant featuring superb food, lovely ambiance and excellent wait staff in an 1877 townhouse hung with art & local memorabilia *  As a fifth generation New Orleanian, I cherish this sublime truly "local" dining experience and it is one of my favorite New Orleans restaurants * They serve a fixed $45 price 3 course dinner option that includes most of their menu. However they have it designed so you can see what it cost for other choices so add $5 for a fabulous steak dinner. One of their specials is a 7 dish "Taste of New Orleans" dinner which is served in 3 courses. Owner JoAnn Clevenger came up with the delectable concept of putting fried green tomatoes together with shrimp remoulade that is one of their signature appetizers. Sides like greens, pecan sweet potatoes or cheese grits cost $5. I especially love that you can choose a salad, dessert or fancy drink for their third course offerings * The Upperline has been nominated for James Beard Awards (among the highest honors in the American culinary arts)  and this year JoAnn was nominated as Outstanding Restaurateur because she is such a caring and gracious host offering true Southern Hospitality at it's best. Like Leah Chase, JoAnn also has one of the most amazing art collections by local artists in the city.
1413 Upperline Street, New Orleans, LA 70115 (504) 891-9822We had our tenth anniversary dinner here and loved it. From the moment we walked in, we loved it. We were a bit early for our reservation time, but sat at their tiny cozy bar and had a drink. When we got to our table, our server greeted us with a warm smile and asked to explain the menu (thanks to yelp, we already knew what we wanted). I started with the fried green tomatoes topped with shrimp and a fantastic remoulade sauce and hubby had the duck and Andouille ettoufee. Both were fantastic. Second course I had the shrimp with bacon and mushrooms over grits and he had the filet mignon. I seriously did not leave anything on my plate. It was so wonderful and the portion size was perfect. And finally for dessert I had the honey pecan bread pudding with toffee sauce. I think I could have eaten two plates of this dish. I would go back and just order the dessert and take it home with me. I highly recommend Upperline for any occasion. It was fantastic and the service was wonderful.My wife and I come to New Orleans every couple of years. We have our favorite restaurants, and tend to gravitate to them. This time we decided to try some "new" places. For years, I've heard nothing but praise for Upperline, so we put it on the list. We were very impressed. The food was delicious, and the service friendly and efficient. We'll be back.
After we returned to our hotel, we went on Upperline's website and I was surprised to read that JoAnn Clevenger, the owner, used to own Andy's. I used to play at late night jam sessions at Andy's when I was a student at Tulane in the early 70s. I wish I had known that when we were at Upperline......JoAnn was very friendly to us and made us feel very welcome. Small world !!My wife, an Executive Chef, and I just visited New Orleans on business and visited Upperline,  It was truly an amazing dining experience,  I can not say that cuisine-wise we have had better anywhere.  The Frois Gras was some of the best ever experienced and the Duck was  ridiculously delicious.  The ambiance was basic, but FOOD - blew us away!Quaint and friendly, conversational environs, good wines, exceptional food. If you're new, like me, I recommend Taste of New Orleans, a great sampler. The duck andouille gumbo and étouffée are amazing. The roast duck, fried green tomato with shrimp remoulade were very good. The bread pudding is fabulous. 
No  disappointments here. It's all good.Twenty stars!   We had read about Upperline in the LA Times travel section and it sounded wonderful.  So we gave it a try.  One of the best dining experiences we have had. JoAnn and a gentleman greeted us warmly at the door and sat us in the back of the restaurant.  The atmosphere is delightful with the most interesting artwork. We settled in then came the menus.  There was four of us and we all wanted to try it all because everything on the menu was enticing.  We ordered different items...the server could not have been more accommodating and attentive.   Each dish was perfect.  Their famous fried green tomatoes and remoulade lived up to its reputation.  The gazpacho was heavenly. Delicious turtle soup, lamb shank and shrimp  dish.  Their famous 12 hour duck with port sauce is the best I have eaten.  We then splurged on dessert.  Omg!  Best pecan pie ever. Not too sweet.  And the bread pudding and crepe Brule were equally yummy.   What a fabulous meal!   This is one not to be missed.   Well worth the cab ride.   We also found the prices reasonable for the excellent quality and generous plates.   Thank you Upperline!Top of the line New Orleans cuisine in a quaint and comfortable atmosphere.  Wonderful service and amazingly creative dishes.  If you ever travel to this city, put this restaurant on the top of your list!  Reservations are essential!Look no further than the Upperline restaurant for a true New Orleans experience. It's got everything: service, ambiance, and FOOD to die for. Don't miss this place. The brilliance is in the details, fellow foodies!If I could give Upperline six stars, seven stars, 20 stars, I would. 
My partner and I visited New Orleans recently, and had the pleasure of getting a reservation at Upperline on New Year's Eve. They had a prix fixe menu that had a wide variety of delicious options. I'll get to that, though.
We were staying at a nearby B&B, and had asked the innkeepers about a good place to dine on NYE that wasn't touristy. My exact words were, "What's one of those little places that the locals love and don't want the tourists to find out about?" He quickly said, "Let me make you reservations at Upperline. You will love it."
He wasn't wrong. Our innkeeper had prepared a nice little note for the owner/manager, JoAnn Clevenger, that introduced us and confirmed our reservation. We walked in and presented Ms. Clevenger the note, and wished her Happy New Year. She said, "Oh, thank you so much for coming to visit us. I know you will enjoy your evening. Now where are you from?" We told her we were from Minneapolis, and she smiled and said, "Well that's just right up the river!" 
That was a very, very good start.
When it came to the decor, Upperline was more of a small, warm, art gallery than a typical restaurant, and you know what? We loved it. Ms. Clevenger came by our table a few times to check up on us and make sure we were doing alright, and each time we asked her about the art, she had a great story to tell. She knew all of the artists - and many were local. Her stories were an excellent part of the dining experience, and each story was as rich and beautiful as the art itself. (Tip: Ask her about the large painting with all of the faces near the entryway - I won't spill it, but the story is fantastic!)
The prix fixe menu had four courses for a reasonably priced $90. They also had recommended signature cocktails - including the requisite Sazerac, a Brandy Alexander, and something else that went down as quickly as the other two. Yes, I had all three. 
My first course was the duck andouille gumbo. While I am admittedly not a duck fan, the concept of mixing it with andouille and presenting it as part of a gumbo was intriguing. The flavors were rich, and it was adequately spiced. The duck was outstanding, and didn't taste gamey or fatty at all.
Course two was fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade. I dream of this dish. Honestly - since coming back, I've had two dreams about how fantastic this was. The tomatoes were crispy, and the remoulade was light yet tangy; the shrimp was prepared just right.
For the main course, I had a steak - ordered medium - with a lovely bearnaise, two crispy oysters, and two roasted potatoes. The steak ... this was cooked so perfectly that I could have cut it with a spoon. The temperature of the sauce was just right, and complemented the steak's temperature. The oysters were quite delicious - the breading seemed to be lighter than many fried oysters, and it worked very well. The potatoes were outstanding.
My final choice was the pecan pie, which had been recommended by our innkeeper. I'm not the biggest pecan pie fan, honestly. I fear husks, and don't typically like the sticky texture, but if someone strongly recommends a dish at a restaurant, I'll often give it a try, even if it doesn't suit my palate. 
I'm glad I ventured a risk on the pecan pie. The pecans seemed to be toasted - they had a richer, warmer flavor than pecans in a traditional pecan pie usually does. The filling was not at all sticky, and was sweet and thick. The crust was light, but not flaky. The combination of all resulted in a pleasant little surprise - this pecan pie is really great.
During the evening, our server checked up on us many times. Our glasses never ran dry, and she always had a good recommendation for a signature cocktail. I enjoyed her recommendations, and she seemed quite well-versed in what the bar did well.
Ms. Clevenger came by at one point - about an hour into the meal when we were on our second course - and said, "Gentlemen, you should slow down - there's so much more good food coming." We explained that we'd skipped lunch to enjoy our dinner more, and she smiled and said, "Alright, but please stay and enjoy your evening."
I truly don't think that it would have been possible to not enjoy our experience at Upperline. It left such a strong impression on me - it will absolutely be the first place we visit next time we come to New Orleans, and in my humble opinion, was likely the only truly flawless dining experience that I have ever had.The best duck I have ever had. It was juicy full of flavor and delicious. Was and is by far the best thing on the menu.After a weekend in the French Quarter, some friends and I decided to head uptown for drinks at the Columns hotel on our final day in New Orleans, and wanted to have dinner in the neighborhood. Most of the recommended restaurants were closed, so we made reservations at Upperline. 
What a fantastic choice! Upperline's staff was incredibly friendly and professional, the food was amazing and, for additional local "flavor", we were treated to an appearance by locals James Carville, Mary Matalin and their daughter. After tasting the food, it was not hard to see why Upperline was their choice for Sunday supper!
We started with the excellent fried green tomatoes, which were topped with succulent shrimp etouffee. I had the special filet topped with escargot sauce (heaven, albeit a bit garlicky), and my friends had the shrimp and grits (good) and the lamb shank (fantastic). 
The dessert (ice cream sundae) left a little to be desired, but that slight down-note couldn't overshadow the delicious food and fantastic service - both the chef and owner came over to say hello to us, adding a lovely cap  to a wonderful dining experience.We had the most amazing dinner tonight.   Everything was perfection.   Duck, shrimp,  fish fried green tomatoes.  All with their own spin and all wonderful.  Creme brulee  is the best we have ever had.   Definately a place you MUST go to. We are so happy.  :)Truly one of America's most amazing restaurants.  Creative menu.  Great local art collection.  Great, fun Uptown spot.Amazing food and amazing service!! Jo Ann you were such a delight to meet. Thank you for making our groups dinner such a delight! We will be back.This might be my new favorite place in NOLA. The owners are delightful, the art is incredible and the food is amazing. Service is perfection. PERFECT for date night. Do it but don't take your drunk and rowdy friends. Be civilized here.Our party of five all got variations of the Pre-Fix menu celebrating Upperline's 25th anniversary. This involved servings of gumbo, tomatos with pesto, warm brie salad, duck with peach sauce, a fish dish, ice cream, bread pudding, and a green salad (for desert). No complaints against any of the dishes. Some were underwhelming, like the warm brie salad. Others were delicious, such as the duck with peach sauce and the bread pudding. 
Our waiter was fine (I know some others have commented negatively on this score), and props to the host for seating us with no reservations. The decor is quaint with funky art. We sat in the front room, but it sounds like the back room is much cooler looking. 
For tourists, Upperline is an easy 5minute walk from the streetcar dropoff. So for an enjoyable evening, ride the streetcar uptown, take a brief stroll to upperline, and enjoy a solid meal.Can't believe after many years of visiting New Orleans that this was the first time dining at Upperline.  After watching a documentary about Ms. Clevenger and her restaurant, my husband and I packed a bag and left Houston with no reservation in hopes we could get a table that evening.  Called the restaurant from the car at 1pm, JoAnn answered and the rest is culinary history.  Fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade, followed by slow roasted duckling, and Louisiana pecan pie, we could not have asked for a more wonderful experience.  We will be back, but with reservations further in advance and friends to share one of the best kept secrets in New Orleans.This place is divine! 
We started with the fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade that we ordered to split but it would be more accurate to say we fought over it. Next time we each get our own order! Next up I had duck & andouille etouffe and he had the foie gras - I'm not a big fan of foie gras but the bite I had was good and we both enjoyed the etouffe.  Oh and the crispy oysters - yum! So tender and delicious - yep, we fought over those, too!  Apparently we're competitive diners? Only when it's really good and we're supposed to share... it's hard to share when it tastes so good!  Finally we wrapped it up with the duck - which was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  Oh my word... one of the best meals of my life - I can't wait to go back again!
I also love the artwork and layout of this restaurant.  We were sat in a small room just up the stairs from the entry dining area.  There were a few other tables but it was quiet and sitting by the window with the candlelight and my guy added a bit of romance amidst the battle for delicious morsels.Went here on a recommendation from a fellow Yelper. I must say she was spot on with the description of service, decor, food and price. Friends and I were in town of a convention and wanted to have a good meal and this place did not disappoint. 
Service- I am a big service snob and Upperline did not disappoint me at all. They had more then enough staff and the key was that we're knowledgeable about the dishes and any side bar question we might of asked them. They were patient but never lagging in inquiries about our needs. Glasses were constantly filled and even the owner checked in on a regular basis with us. Great service.
Food- I opted to be adventurous and picked the $45 food tasting menu. The portions are small but when you add them up its quite filling as I was stuffed. The star of the show easily was the turtle soup. The taste was very flavorful and rich. This was my first time eating turtle soup and I wanted more. The rest of the meal was good but the turtle soup was my favorite. The duck was also well cooked but I like a little more crisp to my duck. Everything else was also good as advertised. 
Price- I believe that this was reasonable prices for the food and service but some may think it is a little high in price.
Overall if your looking for a good meal with great service try this place outUpperline is home to a few  of my all time favorite meals. Anytime I'm in New Orleans, I make sure I make a dinner reservstion. f you're visiting New Orleans and want a 5 star restaurant, this is the place to go. Locals flock to this restaurant and if you're lucky you might bump into Drew Brees. The wine menu is vast and the food is fantastic. JoAnn is very attentive to all guests and makes sure that she comes by your table to ask how everything is. The fried green tomatoes are fantastic. The shrimp sauté is delicious. Bread pudding is out of this world. Service is top notch. One of the best restaurants in the city.Had one of the best meals of the year so far here. Not only is the food SUPERB, but the service was some of the best I've enjoyed in the city.  It's remarkable what a difference really good staff make to one's meal experience!
This wouldn't be a five-star review if the food wasn't absolutely top-of-the-line...  and it was. Our meals were proof that you can serve exciting and creative food without being silly. Every entree was well-thought-out and flawlessly executed-- they all made perfect sense in the mouth. It was like eating beloved family recipes you somehow hadn't heard of before. 
Again, while there are arguably a handful of other restaurants in New Orleans who cook food as good as the Upperline's (not the same menu, but of equivalent quality), at none of those places have I enjoyed the welcoming and charming service that I did here. Highest recommendation.We had their 4 course reveillon dinner - amazing food. Turtle soup, gumbo, foie gras, catfish, duck, shrimp, everything was fantastic. Service is formal, not rude, not pretentious, just what you'd expect from a formal restaurant. The place itself is charming. I'd love to go back.This place was very fancy.  The service was amazing, the most attentive staff I have ever seen.  Upperline is maybe too uppity for me, I was a bit uncomfortable and felt maybe I didn't belong here... I think this establishment is more used to richer clientele than myself.  The food was good and had a variety of flavors, but I don't think I had anything that just slapped me in the face and made my tongue roll out wanting more.
Everyone was super friendly and very elegant.  Just not my kind of place.Upperline is one of the first and most consistent "Uptown Bistros" in New orleans. Helmed by the art loving, soul nourishing local character JoAnn Clevenger, this unassuming brick & clapboard circa 1877 townhouse has been the home of numerous lauded chefs over the past. It has also acted as a repository of JoAnn's ever expanding art collection-every one of the three dining rooms is festooned with numerous paintings, sometimes one sitting in front of the other. My parents knew JoAnn when they lived in the French Quarter during the 1950's, and even then she was both muse and collector. Suffice it to say, the atmosphere is unique, welcoming and charming beyond words.
    As I mentioned, many chefs of considerable acclaim have manned the line in Upperline's kitchen, but I think it may be hitting its highest culinary notes right now.
    The menu has always channeled Creole and classic Southern dishes through its finely attuned editorial eye, and I think Upperline may have introduced fried green tomatos to New orleans-I know I had my first there in their fusion of the Original Fried Green Tomato with Shrimp Remoulade.
. One of the best choices (especially for visitors to our fine city) is the Trio of Soups (Turtle Soup - Oyster Stew - Duck Gumbo), all commendable and an economical way of ticking three lines of your Creole food bucket list. Both the Spicy Shrimp with Jalapeño Cornbread & Aïoli and the Crispy Louisiana Oysters with Celery Root Remoulade have lured me with their toothsome siren song, and both are sterling exemplars of the finest elements of Southern cookery. I could recommend any number of entrees on the menu, but I usually opt for the specials whenever I go and have yet to be disappointed. Upperline excels with seafood yes, but they are no slouches when it comes to beef and duck.
     The dessert list always sounds prosaic, even borderline blah but it is further proof that one need not reinvent the wheel to deliver delights. Simple desserts such as Crème Brûlée with Crushed Pralines or Profiteroles with Vanilla Ice Cream & Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce hit all the right notes and leave you feeling (along with JoAnn's TLC) like you have visited a favorite, sophisticated, and yes, a tad eccentric rich aunt and have been thoroughly feted.Really really good food, good service (though the older waiter was a tad snotty but efficient) a terrific local neighborhood restaurant.This restaurant was highly recommended by someone who lived here for many years. 
It was a short cab ride away but I got to enjoy the views of st. Charles. This place is worth the cab ride. The owner is the hostess, greeting everyone at the door. She is charismatic and engaging, and when she found out we are tourists, she gave us a sheet she has prepared, with key hidden gems to visit. 
Then the food was excellent, you can tell this is a very professional establishment. We had selected many dishes we have never had, with guidance of our wonderful waiter, and all the dishes were exactly as explained to us. It was a wonderful evening and I would recommend it to anyone else visiting New Orleans.We are natives that finally made it to Upperline , with great expectations.  Atmosphere and staff were wonderful.  However, the food was just OK and very overpriced.  Additionally my husband and I were both hungry when we got home, in spite of ordering full meal including dessert.  Oh well, glad we finally ate there but---been there, done that-won't be going back.Upperline is elegant and comfortable.  Never a bad experience- the proprietor, Jo Ann Clevenger, is a perfectionist and makes sure of that.  You cannot go wrong at Upperline.New Orleans comfort food. We enjoyed our dinner. Each plate was a delicious version of a traditional New Orleans favorite. The owners were present and ensured that everyone enjoyed their meal. The room is decorated with many large paintings including a homage to Drew Brees (which was directly in front of me).First time there passing through town and based on reviews we decided to check it out. The owner greeted us at the door and she's such a wonderful personable person! Service was impeccable. And the food oh my god beyond belief!!! This is a place you won't forget and the Owner just blew us away talking with us. We felt like being at home but obviously we don't cook that well.I've been coming here annually for many years.  For me, Upperline restaurant is what Commander's Palace claims to be, but hasn't been for years.  It's the quintessential authentic New Orleans culinary experience.  The menu doesn't change much, but that's good.  They don't incorporate trendy and pricey ingredients just for the hell of it.  They cook significantly wonderful Creole food and the service is better than almost any restaurant that I've been in around the world.
The best dish IMHO is the piquant drum fish, but the grillades are top-notch and I often think about their fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade when I'm up north somewhere slurping pan asian fusion noodles.  And they are never chintzy with the shrimp either, unlike many better known restaurants in the Quarter.
I've never had a smoother sazerac.  Again, not fancy, but mixed perfectly.  Their wine list is shockingly reasonable, and the knowledgable wait staff make rational recommendations.  You can get some very good white wines here for much less than a hundred dollars.
The art work adorning all of the walls, is eclectic, unpretentious, and fun.
And the owner and proprietor, JoAnne Clevenger, ties the whole evening together and makes it sublime. She's not only a wonderful and warm hostess, but is a fun and intelligent conversationalist.  If she opened up an IHOP, I'd go there, and I hate pancakes.
I hesitated to finally write this review, because I actually hope more people don't go there. I would be disappointed to see them become a tour bus stop and have to hear bored jazz quartets mangle Sidney Bechet while I ate stale pain perdu.  I like it just the way it is and hope to grow old eating their gumbo.I had the hot n hot shrimp over the fish special with the chefs special gnocchi. Absolutely delicious!In science an experiments results must be repeatable or they're bunk. 
Same with a great restaurant experience; and on our third visit to this fine dining establishment we had the same high quality of food and service as in previous visits. 
I won't go into detail on what we ate but it was a wide sampling of their unique menu, and not one person in our party had anything but raves.  
A must do for the food, setting, service and unique locale and experience.this place is warm, cozy, welcoming...all that good stuff.  i was in town for six months for work and, as i sit in my sweltering echo park summer sublet, i'm feeling nostalgic for cold, rainy february nights at the upperline.  
as i was leaving town back in the beginning of june, word just got out that the chef, ken smith, was retiring his apron at the end of july and joining the seminary.  as of today it seems a replacement has yet to be found.  
knowing that, most of the reviews up now may be out-of-date very soon.  but pretending the titanic is just pulling in to port for a brief retool, i've been around the menu a bit and the stand outs for me were:
oysters st. claude - plump ones fried up with a garlic sauce topper (last time i was here was in may '10...they were p&j oysters.  p&j is no more, thanks to the gulf oil spill.  is this review now more "memorium" than recommendations for future visits?  god, i hope not...)
the roast duck with garlic port sauce (served with the best mashed sweet potatoes i've ever eaten - topped with candied pecans).  the most tender, moist, flavorful duck i've ever had too while we're on the hyperbole tip.  true, i don't order duck everywhere i go, but i've ordered this duck several times now and never had a regret about it.
honey-pecan bread pudding with toffee sauce (holy hell, what else is there to say about that?!)  have a glass of port while you're at it.  you've earned it.The BEST, the most FUN, the most DELICIOUS.
Fried Oysters incredible. Duck to die for! Lamb Shanks so tender.  Try everything!  Staff is great, environment relaxed and beautiful with art from floor to ceiling.  A must when visiting New Orleans.A great restaurant away from the tourist district in NOLA. Food is excellent, and the service is superb. The oysters and drum were perfectly prepared. The bread pudding is excellent!This uptown gem is truly one of my favorite new finds in recent memory. Food, ambience, aesthetic appeal, service - Upperline has it all. Uncertain they would be able to fit us in on a Saturday night, I called while having drinks elsewhere in Uptown. The owner, JoAnn Clevenger, said she would be able to accommodate us - and did she ever, and on very short notice. After being seated and served our wine, Ms. Clevenger stopped by our table to explain some of the beauty on her menu. As a veal Osso Buco lover, I was sold on trying the lamb shank - it was truly heavenly. My dinner guest went with the salmon and was equally impressed.
I cannot recommend Upperline more - to add to the beauty of the food is all the beauty of the artwork, which at first seems cluttered, but as dinner progresses adds to your amazing dining experience.
Be sure to put upperline on your calendar during your next visit to NOLA!The only reason I gave this restaurant 5 stars is that they don't have 10.  What a gem of a place. Pricey, perhaps, but not for the quality of food we received.  Their best secret may we'll be the filet.Fabulous food, fabulous art, attentive staff and a real experience outside of the tourist area. JoAnn is a wonderful steward of cuisine and art and could not make us feel more welcome.  The crispy oysters and 12 hour duck are not to be missed, along with the drum fish with crab.  We ended the meal with the bread pudding and creme brûlée.  This is a definite return spot next time we visit NOLA.  Congratulations on 35 years of serving up true southern hospitality.I've been dying to try Upperline for a while now, and it did not disappoint. On a Friday night when I couldn't get a reservation anywhere, I found an opening at Upperline about 35 minutes before I arrived.
The hostess was so kind over the phone, and was adorable in person. She came up to our table a few times and really wanted to make sure we had a great experience. Service was great throughout the meal. Waters were constantly refilled and the waitress was great in guiding us through the menu. 
However, the food came out incredibly fast. Our party of four each ordered a 3 course meal with a drink, and we were finished with the meal after about 45 minutes. Sometimes, it was a little overwhelming having food come out so rapidly.
The food was absolutely delicious though. The Shrimp with Jalapeño Cornbread and Aioli was phenomenal. The Fish with Mustard Sauce was on par, and the Duck was so tender and flavorful. I would absolutely return just to have these same dishes again. 
The restaurant itself is upscale yet casual. Not fussy at all.amazing!!!!
If in New Orleans, make sure to stop here.  the food was incredible. we got the new orleans sampler and a 3 course dinner and shared everything.  not one thing tasted bad, everything was beyond our wildest imaginations.  
also the owner was a wildly friendly (and a little eccentric) but very lovely lady.
Upperline, thanks for making out New Orleans stay more authentic and beautiful.By far, the best food and service and atmosphere we had while in New Orleans.  Joanne was super friendly on the phone when I called to make the reservation in the first place but then was equally as friendly when I called to add a 5th person last minute (who was coincidentally in NO at the same time as us).  She even suggested we come a little early so as to make sure we had enough time to eat before her next reservation.  I had the fried green tomato with shrimp remoulade, the half duck, and the bread pudding.  We also ordered one of each side for the table, wine and cocktails.  All of it was delicious and very fresh tasting.  You could tell that no detail was spared when creating these dishes. Joanne came over to give us the run down of the menu, mentioned the favorites, described everything in great detail, and took a photo with us when we left.  The staff were also attentive and friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu, the restaurant, and the area of town.  I'm sad this place isn't in Denver as I would visit often!  Thank you again for helping to make a fantastic birthday trip even more fantastic.JoAnn was wonderful from making the reservations to welcoming us through the doors. I chose the 3 course dinner with Green Tomato and Shrimp Remoulade, Duck, and Creme Brûlée while my husband ordered the Taste of NO dinner. The food was fantastic! The small tasting size arrived for my husband and we were concerned whether it will fill up his steak and potato belly, but the entire tasting menu was more than enough for him. Highly recommend the duck étouffée or duck with ginger peach sauce. Servers were attentive while giving us time to visit. Thank you, Ms. JoAnn for a great experience!best meal i've ever had in new orleans. been to nola 4 times now and the food in most restaurants rocks this place takes it to a whole other level. tasty, fresh, fun, and what amazing artwork on the walls.
can't wait to return there. best sazerac ever!AMAZING! Greeted by the owner Joanne who checked on us numerous times. The Drum Fish was incredible along with numerous appetizers. The creme brûlée was the best I ever had. Can't wait to come back to NOLA just to eat here.Love this place.  Love the owner...what a gem.  And the food is delicious and the ambiance.  Highly recommendCute little restaurant. Great eclectic art on the walls. 
Joanne was very accomodating with our last minute increase to our reservation.
The food is good Southern cooking. I was not crazy about the fried green tomatoes, but i never had them before. My husbands oysters were very good. He ordered the fresh  fish special wich  was cooked to perfection. My duck was good.The bread pudding was the best part of the meal....it was amazing.
Our waiter was a bit cold to start,but did warm up as the evening progressed.
We would go back. A great value at $40 for a 3 course meal.The food was so awesome.  The bread pudding was the best I have ever had.  The owner is delightful and was very accommodating to our family.  Thank you for a great meal.I am forever a fan of this restaurant after just one visit! We ended up here on accident, there had been a fire in the French Quarter and the restaurant that we had reservations at was closed and without power. The concierge at our hotel suggested it. I travel to NO a lot and wanted something new, so this was his suggestion.
We were a group of 6 for a nice dinner for a bachelorette party, so needless to say we were a little bit rowdy after an entire day of drinking. Being that this is a really nice neighborhood restaurant I was a little worried when I walked in... this might be too nice for us. But immediately the matre'd put us at ease and was joking around and having fun with us.
We ordered several appetizers, but our absolute favorite was the crispy fried oysters. They were simply amazing, and you can't eat at Upperline without trying them!!! 
For the entree's, 3 people at the table ordered the shrimp and grits. It was the perfect portion and the sauce the shrimp was served in was divine! Make sure you have plenty of bread to sop it up with. Another ordered a steak, which he said was awesome. Then the final dish at the table was the duck.... the report back was that it was just okay.
After dinner we had brought our own cake, which the restaurant gladly served us, even though it had a giant chocolate penis on it :) Everyone in the restaurant thought it was hilarious and were stopping by the table to celebrate with us.
Overall the expereince was fantastic. Only bad thing I have to say is that our waiter was a SNOB with a capital S. Right off the bat the bride to be ordered a dirty martini straight up. She said it tasted like someone made a cosmo in the shaker and didn't clean it out because it had this citrus tinge to it. She mentioned it to the waiter that it was not good and he assured her it was.... no offer to fix it or get her another drink and in fact all she got was a condescending attitude. Next, the one person who ordered the steak ordered it medium, when it came out it was well done- not even pink on the inside. When we showed it to the waiter he insisted that was medium at Upperline. Luckily, the Manager or Proprieter came over to the table after the food was served, as soon as she saw the steak she asked if it was cooked correctly. When we told her no, she agreed and swooped it off the table to get one correctly cooked. She was so sweet and apologized. The waiter returned to our table quite smug and unapologetic, almost pissed that we told the manager about the steak.The best.  New Orleans native and this is in my top 5.  Joanne the owner is very cool and personal. Eclectic art and a unique Real New Orleans menu.  Do it.  Oh yeah great place to impress a date.  Just sayn.JoAnn Clevenger is a treasure, both for the city of New Orleans and the hospitality industry as a whole. At The Upperline, we immediately felt a sense of comfort and familiarity, as though we were extended family invited into JoAnn's living room. The shrimp remoulade and turtle soup were a gateway into a meal that we did not want to end. Excellent service from Gabriel, a kind and humble sommelier, who told us that the only rules in choosing dishes were that "there were no rules." Again, comfort and ease, which led to a true enjoyment of our meal and especially our company. Authentic, charming, delicious. Every trip to New Orleans will not be complete without a stop at The Upperline, for both a satisfied stomach and a full heart. JoAnn, thank you. You made us better people when we left than when we arrived. And do your mouths a favor everyone and get the Sundae Eugene... in fact, get two.We have been here twice and we just love it!  I had the gulf fish with crabmeat!  Probably the meal I've had since moving here two and a half years ago!  Thumbs up!Loved it.  Call ahead, space is very tight.  We got lucky due to a cancellation.  Staff is genuine and friendly.   Every bite was perfect.  Easy walk from trolley stop in a beautiful area.   We had the duck and a lot of extras.Came here b cause of recommendation from a friend. Truly memorable. We are a group of 4 and each had a different plate. All were incredible. must go,This is yet another time that I would give an extra half star if Yelp would allow that.  But they don't, so I'll go ahead and give 5, so Upperline is, as Charlie Sheen would say...WINNING!
Me and 2 friends arrived at Upperline for our 8:30 pm ressies.  We were greeted by the owner Joanne.  She's a lovely lady and was just as sweet as can be.  Walking into Upperline, the atmosphere feels like you're in someone's home with several small, quaint rooms.  Upperline definitely fits into the romantic category.
We were seated at the bar while we waited for our table.  The bartender was engaging and charming and made small talk about his favorite items on the menu.
After a few minutes, we were brought to our table.  I loves that the menu offers three courses for $40.  This is really a great deal.  
For our appetizers, we decided to just rotate plates so that we could all have three different items.  We chose the Fried Green Tomatoes with Shrimp Remoulade, the Duck & Andouille Etouffee with Corn Bread & Louisiana Pepper Jelly, Spicy Shrimp with Jalapeño Cornbread & Aioli.  They were all AMAZING!
For our entrees, 2 of us had the Slow Roasted Half Duckling with Garlic Port or Ginger Peach Sauce, and the other had the Lamb Shank Braised in Red Wine, Osso Buco Style.  I am a HUGE duck fan, but I gotta say, the Lamb was the clear winner of the night.  It was really phenomenal.  The duck was delicious, but a tiny bit overcooked for my taste.
For dessert, we all ordered the crème brulee.  It was very good, but not even close to the best I've ever had.  I found that it could've used a stronger taste.  It was just a little too mellow.
We had a great time and really enjoyed the experience. I would absolutely recommend Upperline.Dayum! The prix fixe menu is the way to go, particularly the seared pate and beef. The wine list could use some help and the sazeracs are ok. The vintage/absinthe sazeracs though are tasty. I'll definitely be back.Oh... Upperline you still always leave me feeling full, satisfied, and totally happy after a meal. I have been in for 5 years and Upperline has been with me every step of the way. I went to this establishment with my parents when i first arrived for college, with my roommates and floor mates to celebrate our new friendships, and for my first date with my boyfriend of almost 4 years now. The food is always cooked to perfection and a beautiful montage of all that makes up classic New Orleans cuisine. The owner, JoAnn Clevenger, has been present at EVERY single meal I have had at Upperline, showing her true passion and dedication to running one of the best and most consistent restaurants in the Crescent City.
Most recently myself, my boyfriend, and several of our friends went to enjoy a pre-Halloween night meal together. The restaurant preformed on every level. The service was impeccable and ambiance as memorable as ever. Eating in a room surrounded by New Orleans original artwork covering every square inch of the walls is truly a cultural treat. At the end of the meal JoAnn came by the table and walked us through the stories of several of the artists and acquisition of the paintings. It was like getting a play by play of the history of our city.
The food as always was amazing and super packed with classic creole flavor. The one complaint I could levy against it is that the menu remains quite static over the years, but, even this is a half-true complaint as the staple dishes that remain on the menu year after year are true classics and always prepared as if it was the first time they were being served. I started with the fried green tomatoes and shrimp remoulade. The tomatoes were delicious as ever and super crispy. The shrimp remoulade was tangy and creamy and cool - the perfect compliment to the warm crunchy tomatoes. My entree was the crispy roast duck and I selected the ginger plum sauce. This dish is DYNAMITE! The duck is so perfectly rendered and crisp it is mouth watering. The ginger peach sauce is sweet and savory all at the same time and runs beautifully like lava as you pour it from its little ramekin over the succulent duck. It is served alongside a creamy and rich sweet potato mash with pecans. Getting a bite consisting of each component is truly a little slice of heaven. I finished with the irish coffee which was a perfect pick me up for the Halloween night to come.
Thank you Upperline for being such a cornerstone of New Orleans restaurant culture.It has been years since our last meal here. We loved our dining then and am happy to say that it was wonderful again. I remembered a smaller setting, and more romantic, but I neglected to say it was an anniversary celebration that brought us here the first time. 
Our table of 4 ordered the 4 course dinner and were all very satisfied with our choices.  It is not often when all the plates are cleaned...as in we ate it all.  
The steak, fish and duck were wonderful.  I loved the ice cream Sunday and bread pudding and pecan pie.  We did a family style dessert. 
We are positively going back soonUpperline is one of my favorite restaurants, not just in New Orleans, but anywhere.  I always get the same thing: the fried green tomatoes, the roast duck with ginger peach sauce, and the bread pudding.  Oh, and a Sazerac Cocktail, sometimes two.  I have been there with my husband, with my mom, and with friends, and have all liked it as much as I did.  (I think I've had the same waiter each time I've visited, except maybe once.)  Miss JoAnn has established an atmosphere that is somehow casual, elegant, fun, and infinitely interesting all at the same time.  (I find a different "new" favorite piece of art to look at on each visit.)  I miss the old paintings on the facade (lost in Katrina), but the new ones are lovely.  I will be in New Orleans in a month, and you can bet I am making a reservation!First experience at Upperline and I feel so strongly about the disappointment that I want to share with the owner so she can correct.  There were often times we waited for 20 or more minutes for the server to take come  back with a drink or the next course (Revillion).  The duck was very dry and not edible.  The "side" dish of sweet potatoes for $5 was actually about 1 spoonful of food.  The server was new and had no knowledge of the menu or drinks.  If it were not for the wonderful duck gumbo and dessert (Creme Brule), it would have rated 1 star. 
We LOVE New Orleans, the food and the culture.  
This was truly a disappointment.  Joan - please correct!This place knocks it out of the park every time. I have been here 6 or 7 times. Always come when in town if I can. Love the turtle soup and peartinis!I've only been once, but I'm looking for an excuse to go back. The prix fixe menu had great options, the service was very professional, and the food was amazing. You'd miss the place if you weren't looking for it, being overshadowed by the CVS on Prytania. This is definitely a place that makes for a special night.Two years in a row I have came back all the way from Phoenix, Arizona. The food is always very good and the service is to the point!! JoAnn the owner is one of the nicest lady's I have met, you can tell she really enjoys being there. The service is unbelievable they are always checking to make sure it meets ur expectations.:)We actually weren't planning on coming to Upperline on our visit to New Orleans.  But a sudden power outage in the French Quarter lead us to finding a last minute reservation on a Friday evening.  Luckily, they were able to fit us in and what an excellent choice it ended up being!
The restaurant is a converted house, and has a lot of charm and great ambiance.  From the moment we walked in, I already knew I was going to enjoy the evening. 
For appetizers, we had fried green tomato w/shrimp remoulade, fried oysters, sweetbreads, and seared foie gras.  The green tomato was probably my favorite, but all were pretty good.  We also tried the gumbo and turtle soup.  The gumbo was so delicious!  I should've ordered more!  The turtle soup was a little strong on the sherry, and might have been my least favorite of the night.  But then again.. I really don't know what to expect from turtle soup..??
For my main course, I had the pan fried drum w/meuniere sauce.  And it was excellent!  I've never had drum before, but I love the light flakiness of the fish.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their entrees as well, and of course we had to finish off with dessert!  The pecan pie was nothing special, but I really enjoyed the bread pudding.
At the end of our meal, the owner came by each table to greet us and tell us a little history of the restaurant.  She was super nice, and it was a great touch to the evening.  Upperline might easily be overlooked by travellers b/c it's not in the French Quarter, but it's definitely a must try!We had a great meal here, the setting is very nice, and FYI, I prefer the middle dining room, its a little quieter and the light is very nice. The service here is top ranked, as good as you'll find anywhere in NOLA. I am not a big duck fan, and that seems to be a big dish here, but everything I had was very good and desert is worth waiting for. I had a few local friends tell me its a bit overrated but I did not find it so and thought it worth the price if you want a nice dining experience.The food is excellent, the servers friendly, knowledgeable and professional.   But what makes it great is that conversation you can have with Joanne who has been looking over this establishment for, I believe, more than 35 years.   And her collection of local art is something to see.  Order anything on the menu and you won't be disappointed.   If you are into cocktails, the Dorothy Parker is the way to go.Excellent! Loved the staff and the food was absolutely amazing. Went with coworkers and we each got something different and shared and it was all delicious! The duck is great even if you don't like duck and the pecan pie is probably the best I have ever hadUpperline is our favorite restaurant in New Orleans and my wife and I took her Mother there tonight, as has become our custom on special occasions. We're very familiar with Galatoire's, Arnaud's & Emeril's, and love them all, but the ambience at Upperline is a fine balance of relaxed elegance, exquisite offerings and professional delivery that we have come to cherish. Very good wine list, we had a Macrostie Chardonnay to start.  Wife and Mom had the Black Drum meunière with a lump crab topping on a bed of mustard greens and corn bread that was an outstanding blend of flavors. They started with the fried green tomatoes topped with shrimp remoulade. Trust me, fabulous. I started with the fried oysters in St. Claude sauce, which if I can ever recreate I'll be a hero in Houston. I had the filet mingnon with bearnaise, which was as good as it gets. Finished with a delicious and sturdy Irish coffee. Great night, kudos to Joanne Clevenger and team.We have been to NOLA a few times now over the years and by far one of our favorite restaurants is Upperline... well worth taking the Trolley out to - makes for a lovely start and end to the evening...
There is nothing bad on the menu ;-)  Many people have put in their posts what they liked and what they recommend, but it's all good - seriously...
Excellent cocktails, fabulous wine list, great service and delicious southern/Louisiana home cooking at it's finest.  We LOVE it :-)Upperline has gotten solid reviews so we went there on a recent trip to NOLA. Reservations were early, they said they didn't have other openings later. We arrived around 6:15 and were there til about 8:30.  At no time were there less than 12 tables empty. Odd.
Our waiter, a young man, seemed annoyed to serve us, as if we weren't worthy of his time.  We were dressed professionally so that couldn't be it.  We ordered a nice bottle of wine and ordered our meals.  
I had a fabulous shrimp sautee with mushrooms and crispy grits. Hot and flavorful.  I can't say the same for the side order of greens- they were lukewarm at best and were returned uneaten.  My wife had a very tasty Amberjack with a tangy cloeslaw, currants and a soft BBQ sauce. 
Dessert beckoned- and we ordered bread pudding (the house specialty) and pecan pie.  I was told the pie was fabulous.  The pudding- eh! topped with crushed pecans- which unfortunately still had shells on.  I almost broke a tooth.
The waiter voluntarily took the wine off the bill- a nice gesture.
We asked for a cab to be called. Sadly we waited 40 mintues sipping our coffee and water.
The entress really are delicious. However, if you need a cab, it's not easy to get back to where you're staying.Amazing service, amazing food. If you're looking for classic creole and Cajun food this is the place to check out. The three course dinner menu was a great option to get a taste of New Orleans. And they're super flexible about making the menu work for you.Great food and excellent service from each of the staff that waited on us while visiting. Parking was a challenge around the neighborhood, but the food made up for it.The taste of New Orleans was excellent! And the turtle soup was delicious. 
We really enjoyed our dinner here, the staff was was so nice, especially the owner Joanne, what a sweetheart.Nestled in a picturesque neighborhood just 1 block off of the trolley line in the historic garden district, Upperline is the complete package. Service is first and foremost on display as you walk in to a line of waiters surveying the seating area. The menu is priced simply with two menus, both $45. Your meal is served in several courses, each highlighting traditional Louisiana flavors par excellence. And although each course serves modestly sized portions, there are several of them and by the time you've finished your meal you've tasted 7 or more  dishes and are perfectly satiated. One note: though the wine selection is nice, I recommend the mint julip or pimms cup for a true southern finish. Bon Apetite!Loved this little restaurant and the staff were so sweet. The food was good but a little different from what I'm used to seeing on the menu in this area. Made you get a little out of your comfort zone. More of a Cajun fan than creole but it was still good. Good experience but not sure it would quite make the trip agenda next time.Food was great! Our server Gabriel hit just the right balance between being attentive and letting us chat.Numerous meals at Upperline subsequent to my 2014 posting below (including as recently as May 2018) confirm an earlier assessment. This is one of the City's best.  If you haven't tried the lamb shank with risotto and mustard greens, you haven't seen the gates of heaven. The rack of lamb was also prepared to perfection. Service, atmosphere and food are what one would expect in this well heeled but relaxed Uptown setting. JoAnn Clevenger does not disappoint.
2014 review:
Having spent over 30 years and more money than I care to admit in New Orleans' restaurants, Upperline remains at the top of my list for the second year running. Remarkable food, relaxed but impecable service in an intimate/charming setting as well as extraordinary value. Tourist often and irronically overlook this Uptown gem several blocks off St. Charles Ave. It serves many Louisiana favorites and unquestionably the best duck the city has to offer.
https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60864-d426318-r212451926-Upperline_Restaurant-New_Orleans_Louisiana.html#Excellent, locals restaurant in the Garden District...thanks to Yelp for leading us in this direction.  We took the St. Charles street car from the French Quarter and had a leisurely ride to our destination.  We enjoyed the 3 course meal for $40...great value with some great menu options.  I highly recommend the fried green tomatoes and the shrimp and grits...yummy!  Great atmosphere with eclectic art on the walls and excellent service...all around great experience!Duck is to die for. Juicy and delicious. Sweet potatoe soufflé  equally as amazing. The restaurant itself has great artwork adding to the overall appeal. The pecan pie is absolutely amazing. Literally the best pie I've ever had.  As good as any food to be had downtown at half the priceOne of the better culinary experiences of my life! This gem is a little out of the way but damn is it worth it! Gerard made killer Tom Collins cocktails, my filet was perfected with a garlic port reduction that  was divine. What about the pain perdu bread pudding? Christ was that good!
Ok....time to digest that masterpiece!
Night night yelpers!I ate here with my girlfriend before our graduation from Tulane University last year, 2015. I just want to say this is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans (even better than Commander's Palace). The place is quintessential New Orleans - a little mysterious, a bit majestic, and 100% authentic. Joann, the hostess and owner, is truly someone special. I can't wait to come back some day!I planned a weekend trip to NOLA for a friend's 40th birthday and asked her what she wanted to eat. She replied - fried green tomatoes. I must say that her request threw me a bit, but a little web browsing later and I found the Upperline, which is supposed to be known for its fried green tomato and remoulade salad. So, I booked a table for 8 well in advance of the birthday and spoke with Joann the owner. I also arranged to have table toppers and decorations mailed down to adorn the table at the birthday dinner. 
We arrived and after I don't know how many phone calls, my carefully chosen and delivered table decorations had been placed on another birthday table (someone's 60th) - weird, right? The people at that table were very curious about them, but thought it was something special the restaurant did as a joke - 40 instead of 60. I am not sure how after I literally phone stalked them and the name of the reservation was on the box, etc. that they made this error. 
HOWEVER, I pulled Joann aside, she was very gracious and apologetic and the decorations were brought to our table with much fanfare and the birthday girl was none the wiser. This story sort of sums up my thoughts about the whole dining experience - grace and eccentricity; they may stumble and do odd things, but they get it right in the end. 
The menu was confusing with 3 prix-fixe options of which all items could be ordered a la carte. I appreciate the flexibility, but if all parts are interchangeable - why not make the whole menu prix-fixe and organize it with starters, mains, and desserts an be done with it? 
Everything we had, though, was delicious in that good old-fashioned NOLA way with rich sauces, well executed preparation, and a palate teasing combination of flavors. The shrimp remoulade and fried green tomatoes lived up to the hype and everyone really enjoyed their meals. I had a drum fish meuniere that was outstanding. 
The staff was attentive and Joann, as others have mentioned, was friendly and a little crazy, but in a good way. She told us stories about how she got recipes from out-of-business restaurants (post K) to keep them alive. She had a true appreciation for the heritage of fine recipes. Unfortunately, her chef of many years will be leaving soon, but she strikes me as the kind of person who will find someone to expertly take the reins. 
Although it is out of the quarter where we usually stay, I would definitely make a special trip back to the Upperline.My favorite upscale restaurant (and they don't even REQUIRE upscale dress--although you'll feel out of place in jeans and a t-shirt).
I'm not sure which is best--the food, drinks, art collection or Ms. Joann.  If you can, chat with her and get her talking about her extensive art collection.  She's worth the price of admission alone.  Oh, I've also had dinner here at least 5 times and haven't come across a dish I didn't like.
Definitely worth the trip for locals and out of towers alike.One of the best Dining experience in New Orleans!   From the very beginning of calling for reservations we felt very special. The owner Joann made sure we felt welcome and taken care of   This alone Would be reason to try this establishment !
But the food is over the top quality !   You won't be disappointed. Try the fried green tomatoes with shrimp topping.  The Best and very fresh 
Salad was just the right mix with excellent flavors 
Entrees were very substantial portions and high quality.   Everything they did was the best of the best    Lamb shank very tender and flavorful     Veal medallions were very flavorful. All of the sides were amazing 
Desert were just as top quality.   Simple ice cream hot fudge Sunday was the best 
Pecan bread pudding with the homemade toffee sauce was excellent 
The best atmosphere with the best service.  Make your reservation nowWe loved this restaurant. The staff was amazing and super nice. The food was delicious and flavorful. We had the cornbread & shrimp app along with the fried oysters. HOLY COW THEY WERE SO GOOD!  We loved the owner she was so friendly- true example of Southern Hospitality!Joanne the hostess is a delightful old lady, very sweet and with it. The waiters are kind young gentleman, taking from Joanne her sweet commands. 
The walls are covered with hung art, paintings mostly, some photos & posters.
GREAT VALUE in the fixed price menu: $40 for 3 courses!
Romantic ambiance, charming upscale cafe feel, but just casual enough.I loved it here. Went here for our anniversary/birthday. Amazing service from the moment we walked in the door. Greeted by staff and the owner. The owner is a very nice lady. She came to our table and told us the history of the restaurant and we talked about everything in general. Our server was incredible. He noticed that my girlfriend was a diabetic and checked on our table to make sure she was ok multiple times. I've been raving about this place to people from New Orleans all the way to Houston where I reside now. Will definitely come back for sureGo to Upperline and eat roasted duck...NOW!   I'm not a duck fan. Far from it.   When my friend ordered it, I judged the HELL out of him.  However, when the dishes came out, he obviously won the dinner challenge.   I was wildly envious of his plate.  He gave me a lot of his duck (it's quite a large portion)  Crispy and salty on the outside, tender on the inside.   My entree was notable - drum fish with shrimp.  It was cooked well and had the right amount of sauce on it.  It didn't overpower the fish and went well with the  "Hot Hot Shrimp".   Shrimp and grits also did the trick.  The one setback was the sides.  I love sides.  I love when sides really either accompany the dish or are delicious on their own.  The ones we tried all felt like an afterthought or filler.  Anyway go to Upperline.  It's Quack-tastic.We've been to New Orleans tons of times. By far the best meal ever.  Everything we ordered was better than the previous dish. Truly a 5 star meal. The best we ever had in new Orleans.... Ever. Service was wonderful.I do not hesitate giving the highest rating for Upperline.  I brought some friends there from Austin and it was quintessential New Orleans!  The food was excellent, the service impeccable but what impressed me the most was that the owner truly cared about her guests.  JoAnn walked around that restaurant making sure everyone was happy.  We were lucky enough to have a wonderful conversation with her.  How often do you see that?  I can't wait to return!This place is great. We went tonight for a birthday, dropped off a cake beforehand, and they brought it out after dinner with candles on it, and then sliced it up and served it. The service was fantastic. 
The MENU was wonderful -- a little overwhelming at first, but the staff takes great care to go over it in detail. I got the sampler and everything was so good. The étouffée was my favorite. 
Joanne was the best. She came over to our table several times to make sure everything was good and to tell us about the restaurant and the art. We will be back OFTEN. One of my new favorite places in town.This is one of my favorite restaurants. It's just the right size and the food is fantastic. It's classic New Orleans fare at a great price.
The best part, of course, is Joanne Clevenger. She makes her guests feel special. What a wonderful lady.Came here with my mom after my visit to Tulane and absolutely loved the atmosphere. The owner was absolutely lovely and she made sure to talk to every customer; it was clear that all off the wait staff truly cared about the experience of their guests. My mom loved her shrimp and grits. My drum and crab were good but personally there were too many flavors going on in one plate, however it was my first time in New Orleans and first time eating real seafood! The pecan pie was the best I've ever had, I will definitely be returning over the next four years!A quirky uptown gem with wonderful French-inspired cuisine awaits those willing to take a side-trip from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter. 
The owner is a former costume designer who toured with many of the early jazz shows that helped to form the sounds of New Orleans; she can always be seen walking around, chatting with patrons and even has a list of 'authentic' New Orleans experiences for those interested. 
The food is wonderful...with several prix fixe menus featuring the best combination of the French and Southern palates, my only difficulty was deciding what to eat. I settled on the foie gras starter, the duck entree, and pecan pie...all of which were perfectly delectable. My wife ordered the fried green tomatoes starter, and settled on the fish meuniere, with crab on top, and the bread pudding for dessert. Yum 
The bill was just over $120, but we had a two cocktails and two nice glasses of wine with our meals, so it seemed completely reasonable, perhaps even a bargain for all the history that can be found on the walls of this colorful place!This is a rewarding restaurant for dining.  The atmosphere resembles a small art gallery with electtic and contemporary paintings.  The service is one of the most gracious in the city of New Orleans.  The food is excellent in general, but I find the sauces a bit heavy.  My own preference is for lighter sauces, less creamy, that don't mask the taste of the underlying food as much.  I feel the sauce should compliment the dish, not be a part of the dish.  That said, everything else is great.  On a composite scale of food, service, and atmosphere, Upperline is an excellent dining experience.  Nice choice of wines with knowledgable staff.Tasty food in a nice cozy home-like setting.  My lower ranking is based only on what I suspect is unlikely circumstances.  First we came a couple of weeks after Hurricane Isaac and they were clearly doing some work on one part of the restaurant.  However, their signage was not very good so we walked into the work area and were stumped for a little while on where to go.  Then once we found the right entrance we were greeted by a guy in a workout outfit (tshirt and shorts) which seemed pretty unprofessional.  The last disappointment was that there was a cockroach running around the dining room (as a midwesterner I am not accustomed to cockroaches and frankly am scared of them crawling over my sandaled feet).  On the positive side the food was very good and the waiter was particularly knowledgable.  The pace of the meal was a bit faster than I prefer, but we were on a schedule so it worked perfectly for us.  The atmosphere was really nice with lots of artwork on the walls.  I'd definitely not turn down an offer to return, but considering all the options in NOLA I won't ever seek out another visit.Taste of New Orleans is the way to go! Duck was so tender!!  We got an order of grits and risotto to try out and it was the best grits we've ever had.  Turtle soup was good but had a little too much sherry - when server asks if you'd like more, decline.  Pimm's Cup was really good.  Servers were very nice.  Highly recommend this as an upscale, dinner to try out New Orleans style cuisine.I had reservation for just  little ol' me tonight at 6pm.   I was early and I was welcomed in anyway by one of the waiters.  I was their first customer for the evening, but I got the impression they were booked for the rest of the night.  I was brought a fresh HOT baguette to start.  I had to resist the urge to tear into it and slather the whole thing with butter.  As an appetizer,  I ordered fried green tomato with shrimp remoulade.  When it arrived at the table, I thought, oh, this is a 'tiny food' restaurant.  But the portion was for one person.  It was delicious, and SPICY.  The remoulade had cajun mustard.  The shrimp were fresh and not overcooked.   My entree was was shrimp with grits.  Again, it looked 'tiny', but acutally it was filling.  A nice feature was some curly sweet potatoes on top of the dish.  Mixed with the creamy grits, it was delicious!   
I would make reservations, but it's definitely worth a visit.The cute little house had delicious food. The sauces and flavors made each dish special and worth going back to!Fantastic!!! My husband's oyster appetizer was delicate and crispy. My filet mignon was like butter and cooked exactly as I asked. The bread pudding with caramel sauce is to *die* for! The wait staff was attentive and didn't let outlets drinks run dry. Highly recommended!