Went there for dinner on Saturday night with a party of two.The food was good but the service slow.We were seated by the bar.......so make reservations before going if you want a table.I had the grit cake and collards which was very tasty and my friend ordered the alligator bites which I tasted and were EXCELLENT!!!Nothing really impressed me with the food while it was all edible in a decent mediocre sort of way.  The service was inattentive and too slow for my liking but they did eventually get around to refilling drinks etc.  I have certainly had worse and certainly I have had better so this place does do some NOLA style food which is probably better than many other places outside of of New Orleans.  There is a decent little courtyard and a decent bar while the bathroom was back inside the hotel and was a bit of trip to find along with being unclean (also they were out of towels to dry your hands with).  Certainly seems more of a tourist haunt/hotel restaurant joint than anyplace I would make a regular habit of visiting so it is what it is and I guess it serves the hotel guests and tourists well.We had a team dinner for work here while in town for a conference. I can't say enough good things about the level of service (including planning the dinner) and the amazing quality of the food. This was some of the best NOLA style cooking I've had, and I've eaten at a lot of places in town! I'm definitely looking forward to returning to Vacherie.Vacherie has a very nice interior and gives off the vibe of an upscale, yet affordable restaurant. However, our experience eating was quite disappointing. First, the service was awful. Our food took over an hour to arrive despite the restaurant not being crowded, and it was clearly understaffed. Our waiter was busy with all other tables, making it difficult for him to check in on us. Second, when our bill arrived, it contained an extra order of an entree. While they promptly removed it once we pointed this out, since we were a large party, we came extremely to missing this and overpaying by $20. Third, the food itself was mixed. The roast beef poyboy was a hit, but other dishes such as the shrimp etoufee were disappointing. But if you like collard greens you will love this place because they give you tons. Overall, had the service been better this place would be between a 3 and 4 star based on the nice decor and decent, but somewhat pricey food.Ate at the bar....nt the too cute restaurant.  Fresh, not deep fried alligator.  Real blue crab dip, not canned w/ mayo.  The reviews are spot on, this place is good.Cute place with nice charm. My eggs Benedict were perfect and we only had a 5 minute wait. Would recommend.If you are lucky enough to stumble upon this gem of a place, just a stone's throw from the debauchery of Bourbon St, then whoever you say your nightly prayers too, thank em doubly. 
My husband and I celebrated our anniversary last week in New Orleans and after a harrowing night of hurricanes and hand grenades, we needed a quite place to recover. The venue was relatively empty, bar some locals and our wonderful servers (who'll I'll rave about in a bit) and we're promptly shown a menu that soothed troublesome tummy just the sight of it. 
We began with a serving of buffalo bacon mac and blue cheese in a skillet. This is one of the most mouthwatering morsels I've ever had the privilege of digesting. It sounded so good, I put my lactose intolerance to the side, and I was not disappointed. 
The next course was a New Orleans sampler. Gumbo and shrimp étouffée and collard greens with pork belly and a side of the best fried green tomatoes that ever did get fried. 
Our service was amazing, Paul and Victoria are so personable and it felt like we'd step into our Ol local where the food tasted like home and the service felt like meeting friends for a drink at the end of long hard day. 
Please note though, it's a beautiful local bar and is definitely not a place to get wild in, please be respectful of that when choosing where to dine in old Nawlins.I asked the concierge at our hotel for a restaurant suggestion and my three wishes were: Good food, casual, and quiet enough to have a conversation. The concierge sent us to Vacherie and we were all (party of 4) pleased.
The food was VERY VERY Good. I had the local cured smoked meat, pickles and cheese board and the Crawfish Etoufee as my entree. The only part of the evening that wasn't great was the coffee.....YECH! Not a great way to end such a pleasant experience.I don't usually write reviews but I felt the need to share. This was the first place we ate when we got to New Orleans and I was really looking forward to it based on how good the menu looks and the reviews, but it was very disappointing. The dining room was clearly understaffed and we were sitting for at least 10-15 minutes before anyone brought us waters or a drink menu. When we finally ordered and our food finally came I asked for another glass of water that never came. None of the servers checked on us until we finished our food and asked for the check. I ordered the duck leg with dirty rice and my boyfriend ordered the gumbo and the po-boy. My rice and his gumbo were both cold and the rest of the food was just okay. I'm not sure if this was just an off night, but I definitely wouldn't eat here again.I have no idea how the food is.
I called down from our room for room service, we had a ride picking us up and didn't have time to venture out and forage for breakfast.
The phone rang about a hundred times. When the woman finally answered and I said I wanted to order room service she said "oh honey I'm too busy to deal with that right now" and put me on hold.
After a while on hold, I set the receiver down and finished getting ready. We were still on hold when we were ready and decided to go down to the restaurant. When we got downstairs the woman was very harried and seemed put out by our presence (she didn't know we were the same people). She said there was a 20 minute wait to get a table. We wandered into the little deli next door and got breakfast sandwiches (which also took forever).
We went back upstairs to use the restroom before our ride came and we were still on hold to order room service. 
I wonder if I'd still be on hold if I hadn't hung up.I was in New Orleans with a group of 20 for a week-long retreat and we made special arrangements to have all of our breakfasts and lunches here the whole week. The food was delicious, so homemade, and made with so much love. My friends and I all agreed that the mushroom-spinach lasagna that Chef Daniel made is the BEST LASAGNA we've ever had. The tomato basil soup we had on the second day was of the best soups I've ever had (I'm not exaggerating). All of their salads (fresh greens, tuna salad, chicken salad) that they served us for lunch were fresh and wonderful. Seafood gumbo with oysters was a treat. Claire was a gracious host who always made sure we had everything we needed. Of all of the restaurants we tried, this was one of the best.Late breakfast on a Monday. Staff wasn't very attentive. Limited menu. I ordered the granola with greek yogurt & fresh fruit. Not really what I expected. The granola was a little burnt & the put the fruit in your yogurt as opposed to the side. In addition, I got the Johnny Cake as a side option; absolutely delicious. Love the texture of the cornmeal in it. Plus, it wasn't that sweet.
My friend had unseasoned grits with eggs that she had to drown in hot sauce for flavor. Overall, I don't have to visit here again. Expected more based on reviews.We were there on Sunday afternoon and had a lovely time in the bar area with drinks and happy hour food...all good. The bar tender was very friendly and she made the experience enjoyable for us. We remembered the name of the place we were trying to tell her about. It is called Sweet Lorriane's in case she reads this review :)My fiance and I recently visited New Orleans to photograph a wedding, and the first night after long flights were just looking for somewhere close and easy to our hotel, The Maison Dupuy. Well our first meal while in New Orleans was also one of the best! My fiance had the fried shrimp po-boy, which was good, but my beef "debris" po-boy was out of this world! I am often quite picky about the quality of meats that I eat and I had zero problem with this! The sandwich was large and incredibly tasty, and also came with a side of roasted potatoes that were so delicious and flavorful! The waitress highly recommended the carrot cake but was out, so we tried the bread pudding which was yummy. The next day, after spending all day in the heat and humidity photographing a wedding, we came back for drinks, alligator bites, and the famed carrot cake (which did not disappoint). Overall a wonderful little place with friendly staff and very yummy food!Delicious and well priced breakfast! Had the two egg special and it was well cooked and more than enough. About $30 for two of us including beverages. Service was friendly and fast. The johnny cake was huge and delicious. Best Ive had since I went to Belize. The OJ tasted a little funny so I would opt for another type of juice. Definitely would go back!I saw this restaurant advertised online and decided to check it out. I'm not big into meat, which isn't exactly ideal in New Orleans, so the chef's fresh vegetables plate was a must for me. I got it with yams, okra, and brussels sprouts and it was delicious. No one at my table was disappointed with any of their dishes. 
Being so close to Bourbon Street I was worried about the type of people in the restaurant and the noise, but it wasn't noisy at all and the people were all classy.Stumbled across this place visiting New Orleans, the service was great and the host was extremely friendly and made the time to provide us tourists some information about things to do while in New Orleans. We felt very well accommodated and will definitely be back.Fantastic place, has a lovely courtyard space. And since it's a few blks from Canal, there isn't a mad rush.
We went there for brunch and had the Andoulie Hash, totally yum and the Breakfast Bread Pudding, very delish.  Will def go again!Breakfast/Brunch was awesome - Service (Sue) was excellent!  New favorite spot and cannot wait to try a dinner.  Everything is local and made from scratch, truly authentic and soooo good!Lovely breakfast with Croque Madames and mushroom omelette with scrumptious biscuits. Only complaints would be the coffee was not awfully tasty and the service was a little slow and inattentive.Stopped here on our first night And ate in the bar area.  Only one person working the bar and food area.  Allotted on the slow side but the bartender /server was fast and efficient - just busy during our visit.  The food and drinks made up for the wait.   Food was cooked to perfection.Great food. Got the boudin benedict I believe it was called. Delicious. The lady went with the special which was biscuits and gravy and that was great as well.Had a nice little meal here. Had the beef, house salad and carrot cake.  Nice environment in the bar with very nice staff!! The food was excellently prepared and tasted fresh.  The salad was excellent!  I will go back!!!  Price was very reasonable!!!No wait and amazing food. just one problem.......the lady that sat us down had a major attitude problem. With that locality and food it should be a no brainer for eating there. i just suggest that management should look a little closer at their staff.Vacherie was the perfect place for our farewell wedding brunch! We were able to accomodate our 90 out-of-town guests comfortably in the courtyard and adjoining private dining rooms. Our guests were able to wander freely and enjoy two buffets in either room, so there never was a line! Thanks to Claire, the fabulous events manger, we were able to truly enjoy ourselves! The food was fresh and our guests (foodies to say the least), raved about the chivory coffee, warm biscuts and our favorite, the fried green tomatoes. We'd recommend Vacherie for any event, brunch or dinner due to its excellent service, great food, warm atmosphere  and fair prices!Was mesmerized when my eyes caught happy hour from 3-7 with gator sausage for $5 (mixed with pork), which was good and spicy (house mustard was the bomb) as all their food and dressings are fresh from scratch.  Though happy hour consisted of well drinks, beer flights, and wine. The fruit punch tasted like real fruit juice as it was orange in color compared to your typical Gatorade red Hawaiian Punch. 
Sue our bartender was attentive, hardworking, experienced, and best of all a sweet heart! She was great to talk to but also was capable of ensuring everyone's requests were fulfilled on the spot.  It made it an extremely pleasant visit as she reassured that we could be comfortable just hanging out from a long days walkBest damned coffee in the French Quarter! I've tried them all! Rob is always super nice and makes a great iced mocha!My husband and I are incredibly impressed with this place. We came for breakfast first. I had the croque madame with grits and he got the andouille hash with a biscuit. Oh man these were delicious! The croque madame was wonderful. Crispy edges, a perfectly cooked egg on top, and just enough Dijon to brighten and contrast the gruyere béchamel. The grits were standardly great - good with butter, sugar, or cheese. My husband said the hash was perfectly portioned, seasoned well and just tremendous. The biscuit was excellent- dense, warm and soft. I wish I could make this at home!
We came back the same night for dinner. We desperately wanted salads and their menu had the best offerings in the area. We sat in the cafe/bar area due to a private party in the restaurant. The bartender was extremely attentive and nice. The salads were exceptionally portioned. I had the cob and my husband, the fried oyster spinach salad. The dressings were superb. Everything was fresh. My only comment is the season on the blackened chicken was a little strong for my liking, but nothing to put me off. 
We couldn't recommend this place more! I have a feeling everything is good.Wonderful dinner. Fantastic value. We had the fall dinner special, so a three course meal for the price of an entre anywhere else in the quarter. Service was great and it was a cozy nice spot (we dined in he bar).Fantastic addition to the Quarter.  Went here for dinner before strolling Royal for Dirty Linen.  The gumbo is some of THE best I've ever had.  The roux was cooked perfectly giving the gumbo that nice dark carmel coloring and a good thickness.  You could actually taste the file which I think most places leave out... which boggles my mind.  The ceviche was tender with a bit of kick on the back end.  Nice surprise there.  The red fish was perfectly flaky with crispy edges. Sadly though, the veggies were way over salted... and I mean WAY over salted.  Must have been cooked by someone who hates eating their veggies so they over salt them to kill the natural taste.  Shame because I love properly cooked veggies with absolutely no seasoning.  The sauce for the bread pudding is divine.  I could have eaten an entire bowl of just that!
The service wasn't great.  We were the first seated and didn't get our water until two other tables were seated and received theirs.  
CHEERS to the chef for excellent gumbo!!!Never have I been so insulted in life here in New Orleans until visiting this place.  I'm always bragging on how nice and friendly people are. The bartender  Paul (don't think is his real name) was so rude and I could tell he was not in the mood to really serve. After speaking with him and asking if he forgot about us in my nice and friendly tone.He coped an attitude and decided that he will not serve us. I'm now waiting to see how the night manager Victoria will handle this. Will provide another update soonWe stopped in the front of the restaurant for a quick lunch. After all of the huge, fattening meals we had during the week this was a welcome respite. Simple menu of fresh sandwiches and salads that were filling but didn't make us feel too full or gross. 
We had the grilled cheese with bacon, tuna salad and bagel with lox. All of them were good. Even better was the awesome bartender and the drinks she kept bringing our way!Amazing food! You won't regret it. The only reason I gave them 4 instead of 5 is because the lady that greeted us at the door was extremely rude. But our waitress Aretha was really nice!I discovered this place to late in my visit to the French Quarter. It was Sunday afternoon when Marielle told about Vacherie. When I went after the Yelp Summer Splash Social, I discovered on Sunday evenings they have limited service. 
However, I was able to enjoy a refreshing vodka cocktail and and an order of Brussels Sprouts with bacon at the bar. Vodka is my booze of choice and Sprouts are one of my favorite vegetables, so I was still a happy diner.
On Sunday they have Happy Hour 3-7 PM and serve an abbreviated dinner at the bar 6-10 PM. 
When: August 28, 2016
Why: Dinner, but settled for Happy HourI used to like Vacherie, I really did. My boyfriend's place is right down the block, and since I'm there more than half the time, I considered it my neighborhood joint as well. We used to come by all the time and have drinks at the bar while chatting it up with Goldie, a friendly bartender who knows how to make a great French 75. I wasn't a huge fan of their lunch or dinner food, but breakfast was pretty fantastic. I liked it so much, I brought my beau's kids there one Sunday morning so they could fill up their bellies with French Toast.
Having only gone there before with other adults, I didn't realize the main entrance (not through the hotel) was just the bar area and that you had to be 21+ to sit there. They have several tables in that section, including some outside on the sidewalk, so I figured it was just an extension of the restaurant. There was no signage either to suggest otherwise, and the atmosphere screamed "cafe" rather than "BAR" so I assumed all ages were welcome.. As soon as we sat down, the bartender (not Goldie, of course) brusquely informed us, "This is a bar, and kids are not allowed in here." Mind you, she said this in front of the kids, making them feel plenty awkward, uncomfortable, and worst of all, unwelcome a block away from their own home. Since we did not feel like they wanted us to linger, I went into the main dining area to place an order to go. There, I received the third degree as well, since they apparently never do takeout, not even when there are about 6 other guests in the entire restaurant. The waitress was gracious enough to pack up our French Toasts to go, but never came by to ask if we needed anything else, much less something to drink. I was about to give up on this place altogether, when a kind man working there, perhaps the manager, came by with some free coffee to make the experience slightly less crappy.
Incidences like these are why the French Quarter gets such a bad rep as a place to bring kids. I mean, obviously Bourbon Street on a Saturday night is enough to scare a grown man, but on Toulouse Street on Sunday at 10 AM? What a shame for being a fine restaurant in one of the most culturally relevant neighborhoods on the planet.This restaurant has some of the best food I have eaten in NOLA. Beautiful courtyard, peaceful oasis.
I highly recommend the grit cake and collards starter. BBQ shrimp and grits is good, too.
This is something different from the gumbo, jambalaya circuit - not that I don't like all that; I do.
But this chef is something else.
Comfort food done in a gourmet manner.
Fancy but not pretentious.
Paul was a very attentive server and someone I am glad to have met.
Kudos.We went for breakfast on a Friday morning. Not a long wait for seating or our food. I got the fried green tomatoes with bacon scrambled eggs hash browns and toast. He got the crawfish frittata with grits and a Johnny cake on the side. 
Quite simply, the fried green tomatoes were amazing! They came with a remoulade sauce for dipping that was also very good and accompanied the tomatoes well but it definitely wasn't necessary. 
The bacon was cooked just right, not too crispy and not too soft. The eggs were fresh, light and fluffy. The hash browns were seasoned just right and not overly cooked. Everything tasted wonderful and started our day perfect. The guy that brought our food even wrote out directions on the streetcar that told us where to catch it, the cost and all the sights. 
Our trip to Vacherie has definitely been the highlight of my New Orleans trip! I highly recommend anyone/everyone experience it at least once!I had a great brunch experience on Sunday, January 16 at Vacherie's. I often have lunch at what is the deli counter. They have great sandwichs, soups, and salads. I would suggest if you are having brunch to call and make reservations. I think it is a wonderful restaurant located at the Hotel St. Marie. I would recommend checking it out.I enjoyed this restaurant a lot! I have a lot of food allergies and they did a great job at accommodating me as well as providing excellent meals! If you have any kids with food allergies, this is definitely a safe place to go!I am left a bit perplexed about my experience at Vacherie; while there was nothing overly negative about my experience, I don't find myself wishing to return for future visits. 
The layout of the restaurant was confusing. We walked into the bar, and were never seated. When we finally asked the bartender-- who was not busy-- if we could have dinner here, he replied yes... we sat down for several minutes without ever being helped. Finally, we wandered into another room and found that that was where they were serving food. Wish the bartender had told us this.
We were the only people in the restaurant for much of our meal, though one table did come later. The servers were not very knowledgeable, and had to read off of their own handwritten notes to remember specials. Regardless, he was a pleasant man and served in a timely manner. Since there was no real business in the restaurant, the two servers stood by our table staring for much of the meal which was slightly awkward.
The meal itself was pleasant. I enjoyed the crabmeat au gratin and boudin- stuffed deep- fried hen with braised cabbage. All was tasty, and my company enjoyed all of their dishes too. 
Needless to say, despite the nice quality of the food I will find myself frequenting other restaurants the next time I am in the city. In an area that has so much to offer culinary- wise, I find that Vacherie may fade into obscurity.My husband and I walked by on Friday 11/25 and decided to stop in around 6:30 for a drink. The bartender was pleasant but either new to any kind of restaurant job or drunk. We got one round, but she couldn't remember what my husband ordered after 30 seconds. When we asked to close out, she (again) could not remember our order and ran our card on another couple's tab. I have an F&B background, so I understand being in the weeds, but this was different. I trust that she actually voided the incorrect charge, but I never received a receipt from her. What was supposed to be a quick round ended up being a 30 minute ordeal because she was so flustered and more concerned with conversing with her coworkers. Maybe she had an offSorry, but our experience was very different..........really bad.  Dinner menu looked so good, but the Fried Oysters in Louisiana BBQ butter turned out to be small oysters with lots of batter, but the dark sauce had so much vinegar in it I couldn't eat it.  Where was the butter?????    And the Shrimp and Grits had the exact same sauce........with small shrimp in their shells that were way over cooked.   Not good.   Daughter had Chicken Club Sandwich that was basically a chicken burger.   Not good.  The waiter "left his book in the kitchen" each time he brought out our food, so he stood there and asked who had each dish.    Not good, not trained at all.  
Will not go back.Le sigh I saw that friends liked this place and it was around the corner from where I was parked so I took a chance.
Our server (see Katie A's review) was...a little lost. Pretty much everything we said seemed to confuse him.  The space itself is lovely both inside the restaurant and the attractive patio I peeked into
I got a cup of the seafood gumbo and it was mediocre at best. I also had a special salad which was grilled romaine with shrimp. The salad was OK. Some of the romaine was overcooked and it just made me long for the superior version at Boucherie.  I sampled a couple of companions items. The ceviche wasn't...it was a cold seafood salad. The roasted okra was amazing. The rest, meh.
So maybe next time I'll try the bar insteadHave $40 dollars to blow on overpriced food that is subpar? COME ON DOWN TO VACHERIE!
One look at the menu and your will think to yourself, "Well none of this seems like something I want to eat..." Then you make your selection of rabbit or duck and grab yourself a wine or a beer. 10 minutes later your plate comes out looking pretty good. You start to eat it. You then think to yourself, "This tastes rather gamey." After that is said and done, you close out, they then hit you with a $50 ticket and realize you just paid for the atmosphere in the place and not really the food or wine. I could have went hunting, shot said rabbit, cook said rabbit where it was seasoned the way I wanted and bought a $10 bottle of wine that is their house wine.
When I ate there, I spoke with a doctor at Oschner and some other people that don't mind at all for overpriced gamey food. So I guess this place caters to people along those lines. I don't mind spending $50 for diner, but not this diner. The atmosphere is great as it is tucked away in the quarter and you don't have to worry about some rednecks from Alabama wondering in with Hand Grenades. I'm assuming this is a local place to eat in the quarter if you just want to grab a quick overpriced meal. The customer service was alright I suppose.
This is one of the times I wish there was a .5 star. 2.5 is a fair rating I would say.Very good happy hour menu at a reasonable price. Good drinks and conversation. I'll definitely be back.What a wonderful find!  A menu of serious food for those looking for layers of flavor.  Their small plates menu is nice, the real standouts were shrimp & Avocado Ceviche, black pepper encrusted beef tenderloin, the local cured or smoked meat  and the Brussels sprouts with bacon vinaigrette. We also tried the rabbit cassoulet which was good but over powered by the smoked andouille in the dish. The crab gratin was just ok, didn't have a standout texture and flavor. The apple tart for dessert was amazing!  An apricot glaze was the perfect counterpoint to the granny smith apples. Try this place, you won't be disappointed!We had a private party.  The selection of food had to accommodate many dietary restrictions.  They did a wonderful job allowing everyone a wonderful evening of food and fun.  The menu included many starters and entrees that included many lovely local cuisine selections AND allowing for the dietary restrictions.  The staff was super friendly with a bit of a raucous crowd, but they handled everything so well.  I would highly recommend this place for large gatherings down to intimated dinners.  Wonderful atmosphere and wonderful food!  Thank you Vacherie!AWFUL. I feel completed violated by the fact that I spent $140 on an inedible dinner for 2. And the service was nonexistent. Probably the worst dining experience I've ever had. We. Came here for Christmas Eve dinner and Vacherie certainly knows how to ruin Christmas. 
Update: I woke up in the middle of the night really sick! And considering I lived in Asia for four years, my stomach can handle just about anything so something here must have been toxic. Definitely the worst dining experience I've had.
I never warn like this but DO NOT EAT HERE! You will regret it.Came here on a whim as it was close to where my walking tour ended.  I ordered the smoked salmon eggs benedict and was floored by the flavors.  It was served with a cajun hollandise sauce on english muffins that were absolutely perfect.  The eggs were beautifully poached and upon the waitresses recommendation (and my resolve to try local foods) was paired perfectly with southern style grits.  If I ever make it back to New Orleans, you can be sure I'll be coming here to try another dish!We stopped by around 1 PM for breakfast (yeah, we were a little late in the game). Good thing they serve breakfast until 2 PM on the weekends. We chose to sit in the front of the restaurant, so the lady behind the bar served us. She was very friendly, answered all our questions regarding the menu, and checked up on us from time to time. Great service.
We ordered the boudin Benedict with potatoes and chicken and waffles. The boudin patties were flavorful and not dry, the creole hollandaise was delicious, the poached eggs were cooked perfectly, and the potatoes were as good as they could be. The patties were on a bed of collard greens, and I'm not particularly a fan of collard greens so no comment there. The waffle was fluffy and the chicken was flavorful and juicy. The portions are big so we struggled a bit, but we somehow managed to finish nearly everything. We also ordered a mocha, and it was pretty standard. It came in a huge cup which we didn't expect.
Definitely give this place a try if you're in the area!What a charming place to breakfast. The service is top notch, the food is quality and reasonably priced, and the interior is beautiful, elegant, and blissfully quiet--away from the bustle of the Quarter.
I ordered one johnnycake and two eggs scrambled. One would be enough, my server assured me; they were quite large and I wouldn't need a whole stack. She was correct, and what a gorgeous pancake it was--golden, tender, crisp at the edges, with a delightful texture reminiscent of a corn muffin albeit lighter and fluffier. The pecans added a nice crunch, and the orange wedge a pop of freshness. A very well-thought-out dish. 
The eggs were done perfectly, too, and I was provided plenty of hot sauce. 
The whole meal cost less than $10, and I left full and happy. Just try it. You'll be hooked.Love sitting in this cafe... looking out onto the street in the french quarter... seeing the rich culture...while enjoying a fantastic meal.  The atmosphere is relaxed and the menu items are delicious.  The Etoufee, alligator, hen, greens, etc... are are well seasoned and perfect.  I have visited this place 3 different times when I have been in New Orleans and will continue to do so.We stopped in at 3:00 pm and the person behind the bar stated they weren't serving lunch anymore. We said we were trying to find something to eat and he said they weren't serving food and when we remarked that we were hungry and we're looking for a late lunch, he sarcastically said, well, there's this thing called lunch hours..." kinda rudeWe didn't want to walk back down to find dinner and decided to stay at the hotel. We are from CA and decided to order something "local". The shrimp and grits were absolutely amazing. Someone at the table got tea, and he normally adds sweetener to his tea but he said it was the the best tea he ever had and drank it as is. We finished with the carrot cake, which was large enough for us to share, and was amazing! 
Would recommend and love to return again!lovely new addition to the french quarter casual  dining scene. try the crab gratin and whatever the fish special is. service is very casual and extremely friendly..not sure what these reviews about poor service are based on. we all had a great time, good food, good drinks, reasonably priced in a very nice environment. definitely a fan!Ok, I was there for there New Year's Eve dinner. The fried oysters made me weep with joy.  They were better than sex with most people! Soooooo good. Gumbo was very good. Jambalaya...was ok (my jambalaya credentials are that my family is Cajun and I've eaten the real thing most of my life). Eat those oysters! Service was decent!  Omg those oysters...I will dream of them for years to come!Went for Sunday brunch. Some other reviews mention slow service, but ours was very efficient, and our waitress was friendly and helpful.Wow. The food we had was AMAZING. Shrimp & Grits for me and Boudin-Stuffed Hen for the hubs. I have never had Boudin before but it was great! The Shrimp & Grits had a generous portion of shrimp and a sauce to knock your socks off. LIVED it. Highly recommended!!!!I came here as part of Coolinary New Orleans and enjoyed everything from the server to the food to the drinks to the atmosphere. It was pretty empty when we went but there was a big party in the back so that could be why. I enjoyed the fish and the coconut lime fizz drink that I ordered. I will definitely be back.The croque madame was excellent.   Our server, Asia, was extremely helpful with the selections and tips on the area.  Chicken and waffles were good as well, but we suggest skipping on the gravy or put it on the side so you can try it.I meant to give five stars for the best meal I have had in New Orleans! Thanks for delicious duck, collards and Brussels sprouts!This is our favorite breakfast spot!! The New Orleans style Bendecidt is so good! Greens, thick cut bacon, and pork belly..delicious!! It's a little out of the way and also perfect for a quiet cocktail in the lounge. Great when you want a wonderful breakfast or a quick break fom the rest of the quarter!Loved this place.  Food was excellent, wine was delicious and atmosphere was grand.  It has been several months since I and some mates from work went here; all of us thought it was worthy of a second visit.  That's saying a lot for a restaurant in a town that has over a 1000 of them.Wonderful place for all three meals with a very nice happy hour menu (deviled eggs, slider of the day, tasty pretzel...) Part of a hotel just off Bourbon Street. Great waitstaff and a friendly crowd.Ate in the restaurant and every dish i had was fabulous! Phil was  great - accommodating and attentive. We will be back when we are in the big easy again.Had the Cajun sampler. Not my cup of tea. I guess it's hit or miss with the menu that's available for when you come. Should have went with the 3 course.My friends and I stopped here on Sunday night after a long day and we were sad to hear that the full menu wasn't available. That should have been our first clue to get up and walk out... but sadly, we didn't. 
We had to sit in the bar because the restaurant was closed and it was pretty busy. There was only one bartender and a manager who looked extremely frazzled and was running around like a chicken with her head cut off. 
We ordered the charcuterie plate for appetizer. It was decent. Nothing too exciting or sexy. We ordered our entrees at the same time as the appetizer but strangely, 2 entrees out of 4 came out with the appetizer. So 2 people were eating the appetizer while their entree was getting cold...
Then we waited... and waited... and waited... 45 minutes after we placed our order, the 3rd entree came out. 10 minutes after that the last entree came out. 
The food was mediocre at best. The menu is uninspired. The service was crap. The bartender was eating behind the bar and helping those sitting at the bar but didn't bother to refill our water when it was empty and didn't check on the food when we had clearly been waiting for our food for longer than usual. When I expressed my disappointment, the bartender asked if I wanted a free drink (nobody at the table was drinking at the time). I declined the free drink so she offered me a free hug. WTF. I don't want a free hug. She asked what would restore "the happy" and I told her to figure it out. She comped one of the entrees that came late (the cheaper one, of course). 
This place was a huge disappointment. I wish we had walked out when we heard the full menu wasn't available. Honestly, most of this could have been prevented if there was simply one other person working in the bar that night. Get your act together, Vacherie.Charming exterior area. Delicious sandwiches and patisseries. Kind service.This place was amazing! It was cute friendly and affordable. If you find your self hunger or you just want a snack and some coffee and you're in the French Quarter the you should come here cuz it really was delicious and greatOn Friday evening 5/22/2015, I had dinner here. I was visiting from Chicago for the holiday weekend.  My first server who was a young lady was pathetic and a bad indifferent attitude!, 
BUT,  I will not dwell on that because a second server, MIKE, saw that my service was bad and immediately took it upon himself to come to my rescue and saved the night! He was AWESOME, professional and caring with a CAN DO philosophy!  At the end of the dinner, he brought over the manager, CLAIRE, who sat down at my invitation and expressed her regrets and asked what she could do to make up for my bad initial experience. I told her that all was good and nothing else was necessary because of the great job Mike had done. She insisted on giving me a gift certificate to use in the deli and bar while I visited over the weekend. CLAIRE is very professional, down-to-earth and friendly and KNOWS HER JOB and does it very well!!  KUDOS!  I
Thanks to Mike and Claire, they have my great respect and I will be back in the future and will recommend this place to anyone who enjoys good food at reasonable prices in beautiful settings, both indoors and out on the patio. I hope that the owners of this hotel (the St. Marie) appreciate these two great individuals an reward them for the work they do with customers!!Best meal we have had in New Orleans! We happened upon this restaurant for dinner one night during our stay. The food takes a little while to prepare but it is well worth the wait. We all agreed this was our favorite restaurant and not a tourist trap like a lot in the French Quarter can be. Delicious!This is a wonderful place to enjoy a glass of wine. They have a great venue and the place is beautiful. Food is usually promptly served an the wait staff is very friendly.Vacherie is outstanding! Fresh takes on Louisiana cuisine with the freshest local ingredients, expertly prepared, served in a lovely Vieux Carre hotel dining room, classy but comfortable, with friendly, deft service. All quite reasonable prices for food of this quality. Highlights--local meats plate (best andouille I've ever had), rabbit cassoulet with collards (OMG the collards), the Oysters Rockefeller, really an amazing spinach and oyster gratin with the right hint of Herbsaint, bread pudding and perhaps the best carrot cake you can hope to find. Vacherie has a wonderful bar that I would love to have had Rome to hang out in. And just a block from Bourbon Street, but a world away. If you are looking for a great meal in the French Quarter, I mean a great meal, fairly priced, without tourist hordes, go to Vacherie.So on Monday's they only have seating in the bar area, but that doesn't matter. This place is awesome!!! The food was amazing and the bar tender was able to keep up with like 15 people all at one time!!! She was awesome!! Had the shrimp and grits and a cup of gumbo and it was stupid delicious.Southern Louisiana style cooking at its best. Drinks were very good and priced right. 
My co-workers and I went here for dinner and drinks.  We sat at the bar in this cozy, hidden gem that has local written all over it.
Definitely recommend the Brussel Sprouts with bacon sauce on a skillet.  Many of the dishes came out in a cast iron skillet sizzling.  They developed that wonderful char too.  Yummm
Dessert was pecan pie and bread pudding.could not have had a better breakfast experience anywhere! abbey was amazing -just the right mix of business & personal. 
we had the croque madam & the breakfast bread pudding. plus a Bloody Mary or two. everything was prepared perfectly. 
great food, great ambience, great service. I couldn't recommend this place better if I tried.This place is a definite winner!  I am very skeptical of hotel restaurants.  This one is in the Hotel St. Marie in the French Quarter.   Some friends insisted we go eat there. The atmosphere was wonderful.  Very light, typical New Orleans type decor and design without the dark and dust found in some New Orleans restaurants.  They had inside and outside seating.  We sat outside in the Courtyard on this beautiful unseasonally cool October night.  The staff was prompt, professional and pleasant.   We started off with the shrimp and avocado cerviche.  The avocado was ripe to perfection.  It was like butter when you put it in your mouth.  The seasoning was perfect, and represented the best of Americanized cerviche.  Our table quickly gobbled it down.  As soon as the last bite was gone, our server had our meal.  I had the Rabbit Cassoulet.  Now, I had no idea what a Cassoulet was, much less what its supposed to look like.  But it comes with Collard Greens, and since the poor rabbit couldn't have them, I definitely wanted them.   When it came out, I found out quickly what a Cassoulet was.  Simple stated, it's a bean stew of sorts.   I looked down at my plate and was disappointed.  It looked like something that would be served up at a M*A*S*H* army kitchen.  Oh well, I thought, let me taste it.   OMG!  The flavors were incredible!  The rabbit was cooked to perfection, nice and tender.  The beans and leeks in perfect combination.  I quickly finished off my meal and took bits of bread to the gravy that was left.   I highly recommend it.  The rabbit should consider itself honored to have been prepared so wonderfully!  My friends had the Oyster Rockefeller with Frenchbread, the steak sandwich and the gumbo.  Not a speck was to be found on anyone's plate.  No one indicated any displeasure with their choices.  The meal was rounded out with their hot and sweet pecans.  These are pecans toasted and glazed with cayenne, salt, cane syrup and chili powder.  Perfect to snack on with New Orleans coffee.   I highly recommend this restaurant.  So many places are less than perfect in the Quarter as they cater to tourists.  Vacherie is definitely different.We enjoyed our dinner at Vacherie enough to return for a 2nd dinner and yet again for a breakfast. We enjoyed all of our dishes, with the standout being the BBQ Shrimp. Our waiter was certainly right. Definitely one of the best BBQ Shrimp dishes in the French Quarter. That's what pushed this review up to 5 stars. Also, we were really charmed by the courtyard seating and the table right next to the fountain. Charming and so relaxing. Service was very good. Prices were reasonable. The drinks were very good, and we enjoyed the bar before dinner. Recommended!I went here with my family for breakfast a few weeks ago when we were on vacation and we had such a good time here.  It's a very pretty establishment and the staff is very nice and helpful.  My sister and I ordered Croque Madames and they were super good.  We opted for the home fries instead of grits, but I kind of wish I would have tried them. You have to ask for the security code for the locks on the bathrooms, which seem strange to me.  I guess they are worried about people coming off the street and sneaking into their restrooms.  I would recommend this place for people to enjoy a nice breakfast.We called to get reservations at Eat, but they were booked and told us to give their sister restaurant a try. Mistake! 
My Bloody Mary was delicious. The food was mediocre at best...which would normally warrant me to give 3 stars. But our service was terrible. Our waitress complained about how tired she was, mind you, it was 7:30, and how she couldn't wait to go home. When she brought the bill, it was $15 more than what it should have been. My husband kindly informed her that she brought the wrong bill. She came back with another bill that was clearly not ours and was $30 more than ours--entrees and drinks that we clearly had not ordered. She smugly said "I got it. I'll take care of it," and returned with the right bill.
Upon leaving, my husband told the bartender about our experience. The waitress chased us up the street yelling at my husband that he wasn't very nice.
We just checked our bank statement, and we were billed almost TWICE as much as our original ticket! Our $69 drinks and appetizers turned into $130 billed to credit card.
With all of the AMAZING places to eat/drink in NOLA, I'd skip this place. On the chance you're going to try it anyway, bring cash and check your bill!! Just sad, really.Excellent food. We had the panned pork tenderlion and the skillet shrimp and both were excellent. I would rate their food with some of the top restaurants in San Francisco and New York. And reasonably priced to boot.Grabbing a quick breakfast before our swamp tour and picked this place for local fare. Food was amazing but the service is what prompted my review. Jesse our server was amazing and very informative. Quick food, got all special requests correct and gave us a local map and information for sight seeing and where locals prefer to party:) enjoyed our breakfast immensely.I had my boyfriends surprise dinner here. We had limited time to eat and the staff did an amazing job of accommodating our needs. Our server was so relaxed and great in dealing with my nervous self. We arrived scattered and late but again they did great, we needed to get out by 9 cause I had a surprise secondline waiting outside. 
The food was great as well. All around, so very happy.First time going here, it was great food, had the roast beef sliders and sue made me a mixed fruit rum punch that was fabulous.   Definitely be back
Thanks VacherieThis one star isn't based on the food, rather the service. They were having a wedding party the day we came in and we simply asked the woman if they had a table for seven after standing around for roughly five minutes without being greeted or told to seat ourselves and he response was I won't have a table for seven "for a while" in a annoyed tone, basically telling us to just leave rather than giving us an estimate or how long "a while" is. We the proceeded to ask the bartender if we could be seated separately (still not knowing this is a seat yourself establishment) and her reply was "if you can find it", again in an annoyed manor. I don't know if my party and I revived this service because we're all in our early 20's and both the hostess and the bartender seemed well over that, or if they're just rude in general. Irregardless I will not be back.Hey Stopped in for a drink and the bartender was having an issue with the keg. First my husband and another local offered to help and instead of saying no thank you for your help she barked at us. She then proceeded to leave to go in the back without even stating I will be right back or getting us a cocktail. If you want to be barked at then go see her. Disappointed in the attitude since ever other place has been awesome.This will always be a place near & dear to me here in NOLA. Stumbled (literally) into this quaint bar & met the most fabulous bartender ever, Victoria! The food is excellent. The drinks are even better... my suggestion is a Pimms Cup - you won't regret it! Great service and prices! It's just off the lively Bourbon Street, but it definitely makes for some great company in its intimate atmosphere.Although the food was good and plentiful, we made the mistake of eating at the bar on Sunday morning, January 14. The woman behind the bar, I can't tell you her name as I dare not even ask as she was so over the top rude. When I wanted to add a cup of tea to my order she YELLED at me from across the bar that I had to wait which I was happy to do. Once yelled at we should have left as things went down hill. Generally just plain cranky she slammed bottles, glasses, swore under her breath and had a little tirade when someone asked her to turn on the football game. She just wouldn't let us eat  in peace as she kept rearranging our dishes and snatching them out from under us before we were done. She was intimating. I have to say, she generally ruined the rest of the day for me as I have NEVER been treated so rudely. When I asked for some milk for my tea she stomped off to the kitchen and the guy next to me  secretly slide some cream packets to me with a look of don't let her know.  Don't eat at the bar when she is there.So good, dinner and dessert. Great!  Sampler plate was so good and the dessert....omg!The food was wonderful! Very fresh and a good variety. They offer different specials daily and the service is great! Wasn't disappointed at all. We ate here a few times throughout the week. Very consistent!Best frog legs we've had! The ambiance of the restaurant is very romantic. We happened upon this place while looking for something low key before seeing Wicked. It was perfect!The boudin benedict is so delightful! Wait staff is fantastic! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone in town!I've had the etouffee (not a lot of meat, but good flavor), sliders (debris - delicious), and deviled eggs during their happy hour. All great deals for the prices.
The wine during happy hour is a good deal, too, but make sure you ask about it... Today, I assumed there wasn't a HH since the bartender didn't give me a HH menu at 6:45, yet she was serving other customers HH wine.I wish i could give them a 4.5 out of 5, but Yelp doesn't allow it. This place just opened 2 months ago, and I'd definitely recommend going - especially if you want to get off Bourbon street and try something tasty. 
The Louisiana sampler was a great deal - $18 for a 3 course dinner (Gumbo or salad, sizable samples of 3 entrees, and a choice of 1 out of 4 desserts). The gumbo was absolutely delicious!!!! The night we went, the sampler included a crab gratin, crawfish etouffee, and AMAZING grit cakes on collard greens with pork belly. All really good and plenty of food. I only wish I could have tried more of their entrees!
The main con was the wine and beer list - not that interesting (by the glass at least), though they did have one Abita beer.A jewel in NOLA.  This place is fantastic every time I visit.  Amazing food, great staff.  The fried oysters were astounding.  The Boudin-stuffed deep-fried hen is a must, and even the Po Boys are impressive.  Definitely one of the best meals in town.Really enjoyed this bar/restaurant. It was between lunch and dinner so only appetizer menu. Great food though, great service and great drinks. Had a delicious old fashioned.Our appetizers were great, but the entrees were mediocre. The wine list and atmosphere are nice!We came on a Sunday evening in August so the dining room was closed with a limited menu in the bar that was not leaving for diversity or flavor. Two appetizers were enough to nearly fill three bellies after a day of moving. The brussels sprouts could turn anyone in to brussels sprouts! The bartender Victoria was great at playing server/bartender and has excellent command of the menu. Food was fast too; we will definitely go back.A little gem of an extension of a hotel that offers an absolutely delightful breakfast...simple for once....and where you can eat in the peace of a central enclosure that still opens up the sky yet preserves quiet. The menus is routine but sometimes that is exactly what you want in NOLAJust home from a dinner at Vacherie -- wow - the food was great! the appetizers are huge! if you're going split an appetizer and get an entree. I had the grit cakes ( a pimento cheese grit cake on top of collard greens made with pork belly) oh my! they were so delicious - the flavors were a great blend not too much of anything! Then I had a pork special - fabulous! pork tenderloin stuffed with feta and spinach with brocoli and potatoes - the sauce on the pork was devine! (oh the pork itself was great, but the sauce..oh my!) and the sauce carried over to the potatoes. although, they could have used a little more feta in there, it was still delish! Will definitely be returning!!! :DGood food let down by appalling service. Arrived and waited two or three minutes to be greeted and seated. Place had two other tables with another party of about eight. 
Took our drinks order. Diet coke was not coke.  Definite inferior brand. Decided our food order quite quick and ordered.  We then waited for over 30 mins for our food. I had the southern sampler dish and it was really nice.  Gumbo was tasty, same for shrimp etouffee. Food brought out, had to ask for cutlery to eat it with. Not asked once if wanted any more drinks.
If you like good food with awful service to spoil it all, this is the place for you.The boudin benedict is so delightful! Wait staff is fantastic! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone in town! The waitress put up with alot of people that were with us and we kept coming in shifts on a pretty busy morning!Very good breakfast with extraordinary johnnycakes which were reminiscent of the toaster corn muffins I loved as a child.  Lovely setting and excellent service, if a little slow for our needs.Total disaster!
Appetizers took OVER an hour and a half to arrive, entrees took even longer.
Half of the menu was not available.
After all of this they had the audacity to include an 18% tip on the bill.  They comped our appetizers after we complained but dinner took three hours - a very unpleasant experience.
At least most of the food was good?
This place needs to go out of business ASAPOk, seriously how have I lived half my life without having an authentic Jonny cake.  Pancake marries corn bread, and has syrup topped baby.  Oh yeah baby.  And they are HUGE at Vacherie.  That is how you eat breakfast.  Highlight of an otherwise unforgettable breakfast. 
 Service was not great, they would not seat people outside near shift end.  General feeling that the wait staff is over it when it come to being servers.we ordered Reuben sandwiches n 2 cokes after we paid by CC $28..then they told us they never had sauerkraut,how do u sell someone  reubon sandwiches w/ NO sauerkrout.
We asked if had lettuce,No
Cole Slaw,No
Option wz Bacon...Wasn't worth the money!!! I would Advise you to ask IF they have everything that makes up the item you want to eat! before paying!!!Came to this restaurant on business with a group. This place has the worst service I have ever had in my life... ZERO stars. The food was two stars. Will never come back!!!There is a lot of good to say about Vacherie including the seating and setting, value and menu. However, the food wasn't quite 'right'. Perhaps too much pork fat strewn through everything or the salt, or the construction of dishes themselves. The waitstaff were good, cheerful and helpful. If you want to get off the NOLA grid and find a gentle spot, this is definitely the place.This place is an absolute gem. We wound up eating here twice during our one week stay because we enjoyed it so much - also plenty of locals there, so that's a great sign. 
Pros: convenient location, has earlier breakfast hours than most places nearby, bartender was absolutely fantastic and personable - definitely get the grits. Delicious. 
Cons: I've got nothing! Great placeComing from a northern state, this place is incredible. Incredible! Easy to find and great little place with wonderful service. We walked in with a group of 6 and sat down immediately. Four of the six of us had mint juleps and the sampler. Absolutely delicious. Couldn't be happier with the entire experience and now about to enjoy some pecan pie.This place was a second solution to the 45 minute wait at Cafe Amelie and I was definitely happy with it! When we walked in, I was a bit surprised at the lack of other people, but that turned around in about 30 minutes and packed in rather nicely. The food was delicious - we ordered the fried chicken & waffles, debris grits, a Johnnycake (we had to try it), Bloody Mary's & some ice coffee. The food was all really delicious; we deemed the breakfast the best we had all weekend. But, I did knock a star off the review because the bloody Mary's left a lot to be desired and the ice coffee turned out to be French vanilla iced coffee which would have been good to know before taking a sip, as I hate French vanilla and my hangover disliked it even more. Overall good experience and definitely will be back for some awesome food.Went there with two buddies for late breakfast. They have a breakfast menu and a brunch menu. We were able to order from either. I got the breakfast bread pudding which had sausage, egg, bacon, potatoes, cheese and French bread baked in a casserole. It was amazing. One guy got the andouille hash which he loved. The third guy got the breakfast po boy which he liked also. Several other party's there but place was spacious and not too loud. Quick service. Definitely recommend for great food with New Orleans flare.Fancy dining and a beautiful decor, this is a great spot for a late night snack or a drink. The fried oyster salad was amazing! The staff was helpful and even when it was close to closing time, was more than welcoming and cheery while waiting on us (we may have been a little tipsy as well) and filled our bellies.Really great place for lunch if yr near the french quarter. Club sandwich was phenomenal and the staff is very engaging and helpful if yr from out of town. I'll probably grab another sandwich from there before I leave.a fabulous seafood salad.  shrimp and crab.   lots of great conversation with the bartender, and kept my drinks full too.
cute, quaint, and def five star.  I have always loved this place.Amazing brunch. Real southern food. Best fried green tomatoes. Awesome grits and biscuits. Helpful, friendly service. An overall joy of an experience. Definition of a hidden gem in the madness and tourism of the fabulous city.One of the my worst restaurant experiences ever. 
I was in NOLA with a group of 7, and we had intended to eat at Eat down the street, but due to a reservation mix-up, that didn't happen (the mix up was on us, not them). So the Eat folks recommended Vacherie, as it is their sister restaurant, and we went with it. MISTAAAAKE. 
The place isn't that big...the dining room sat maybe 30 people, and they could fit our party of 7 in there, so they put us out by the bar. OK, fine. It took a good 15 minutes for our drinks to come...even though the bar was empty other than us. Then we ordered dinner...and it took an HOUR and a HALF! No explanation, no apology, no round of drinks on the house. So by the time it came we were bored, sober and starving. I ordered the Pork Belly dish...and got the saddest excuse for pork belly I've ever seen. Nearly everyone was disappointed with how things came out, which is doubly bad since we were starving. 
In the end they offered us a free dessert for our trouble...which we weren't in the mood for since we'd already spent over two hours in the place. So they gave us like $30 off our $250+ bill. Great, thanks. 
Ambiance (in the bar) was non-existent, drinks were small and slow, food was slow and extremely disappointing. Don't risk it, we left angry that we'd wasted a meal in NOLA on this place...and hungry.What a great breakfast! No waiting on a Saturday morning, service was great. I had the Debris and Grits, I'm not a big grits lover but don't let that stop you. The poached eggs and debris were delicious, I didn't really even notice the grits. My wife had the crawfish frittata  and said it was good also. Definitely a good reasonably priced breakfast.Went here on a quiet night mid week.  Walked through the bar/cafe in the front(which was very crowded) to the well appointed dining room in the back.  We sat at a corner table and were the only diners in the restaurant.  The waiter promptly arrived and brought menus. I had a glass of wine from a very reasonable wine list and my companion a beer.  I ordered of the special which was basically a tasting of three creole specialties.My companion ordered another special that was a dumpling casserole dish.  I loved mine,and my comp said he liked the dumpling dish! We dined through the length of the meal as the only ones in the restaurant and found it very pleasant and romantic, actually.  Another couple did come in toward the end of our meal.Since we wanted to try EAT but it was closed the one time we wanted to go, we were happy to be able to try this new place which the owners also own. They have done a great job with this place as well. I am not sure what all the other negative reviews are about. I suspect people eating at the cafe and not getting the fact that their is a restaurant in the back. Anyway, my experience here was great and found the food delicious. Definitely worth a visit.Came for Christmas set prix dinner menu. They forgot a dish. Duck was cooked to a cinder, salad was excellent, carrot cake just ok, fried oysters were lovely. Excellent atmosphere and service. We sat at the bar. A  decent time.We had a terrible experience here this morning for brunch. A server, Britney, met us at the hostess stand and essentially asked us to leave. She told us we could sit in the bar because she needed to clear a table (there were 3 open tables). We said we would still like to sit in the dinning room (the bar chairs look incredibly uncomfortable and my husband has some hip pain). She rudely responded "it will be a while because I still have a table of six that doesn't have drinks." We left and walked down the street to Eat, which was amazing!!!!We enjoyed a delicious brunch in Vacherie's beautiful setting. While there is plenty of seating, the dining area is broken into separate rooms, so any room you're seated in feels cozy.
It's nestled inside the Hotel St. Marie, but the food exceeded our expectations for a hotel restaurant.
I ordered the perfect waffle topped with a meaty gravy. My mom ordered a traditional breakfast plate with potatoes, scrambled eggs, toast and bacon cooked exactly the way we like. 
Our server was sweet and happy to help us decide what to order. We'd definitely return.We came across Vacherie because it was nearby to our hotel and we were looking for a breakfast place without having to travel too far.  I ordered the breakfast bread pudding and it was DELICIOUS! It was so much food I could not finish it. Its french bread budding with eggs bacon and sausage and topped with loads of cheese.  Definitely was not disappointedWent today to order Bloody Mary's and dealt with a really rude bartender.  She was bitchy to us the moment we walked through the door.  I understand as a local you deal with a lot of rude people in the quarter, but this was ridiculous.  Needless to say, there are plenty of other places I would rather take my business.  Maybe she should check her attitude before judging people so quickly.I loved this place. My boyfriend and I came here and had a pre fixe summer menu. He had a fresh salad and I had gumbo. Both were great. I had fried oyster salad and he had pork stuffed with spinach and feta. Great again. We had carrot cake and bread pudding. Great! The service was awesome and cool atmosphere. Will def go again.Ate at the cafe today. A kind young gentleman named Rob served us. Rob was wonderful! Courteous and attentive to our needs. He explained his menu in detail, with the patience of a patron saint! (My girlfriend is a little picky!) He made a wonderful club sandwich on sourdough in a flash. Plate presentation on point! Will definitely be coming back very soon!Dinner - in a word, go. The food and drink is great. Service was equally fantastic. During the week, we didn't need a reservation but weekends are different. 
We sat on in the patio area, which was really nice. Our server was attentive and friendly with several stops to make sure drinks were good and everything was satisfactory.
We started with alligator bites which were fantastic. If you've never tried it, this is the appetizer to try. I also had a sazerac and my wife had the merlot. Both were really good and well prepared.
I had seafood gumbo, which was really good and a mixture of slightly spicy and rich. Well worth trying. My wife had the chicken club, which was huge and delicious. Cooked perfectly and had a little Louisiana style to it.
For dessert we did the sampler, which was a little disappointing. The Andy's Candies cheesecake was great, but the other options were a little blah and I could have passed on all of them. But, overall, worth the trip!I wanted to like this place. It was located inside our hotel. This was where we chose to have our last dinner before leaving New Orleans and I wish we had just gone back to the gumbo shop. My husband ordered the pork loin which was more coating than pork. The brussel sprouts were reviewed to be very good but his were almost raw, no they were raw with some spice rubbed on them. I ordered the oysters Rockefeller really hoping for something delicious and instead I received a smoldering skillet of glop. The oysters weren't cooked very well. I wasn't pleased. 
I will say we ordered the carrot cake for dessert and it was absolutely fantastic. If you go just get the dessert.Not at all impressed by this food. We had the alligator which was a tiny portion on a big plate. It looked so sad as it arrived. The presentation was not so great, but the dish itself, was so salty, we couldn't taste the meat. Also had the gratin which was okay and the gumbo which was also overly salty. 
The waitresses were very nice and the decor was clean. Though we were rained in, they have a nice cozy patio. Not bad food, but for the price, I wouldn't recommend it.Excellent food, very friendly staff. Even the servers that were not ours would ask us if we needed more coffee etc. 
nice placeSatsuma Cocktail, fried yam chips, aligator bites, pork sliders...all delicious!  Great bartenders and really cool courtyard dining.After much wandering on my first night in town, I ended up here, hooked by the cozy atmosphere and fresh decor. They were understaffed, but the Tuesday night load was unusual. My steak sandwich and accompanying potatoes hit the spot. Don't expect gourmet, but it's better than what you'd have whipped up at home. I give it more than a "meh" but a couple notches below "hells yeah." A nice respite.Who is opened on a Sunday night and doesn't serve the entire dinner menu? It's annoying and I wish that if you're opened for business, you would serve the entire menu. Came here and only had a couple of dishes that were being served. LAMEThis place is great. Even during Mardi Gras weekend they got us a table right away and had great service. The BBQ shrimp and grits are a party in your mouth if you like pepper. The boudin stuffed game hen is so moist and delicious, but the greens are on the sweet side. Overall great dinner and time.Was sucked in when I saw happy hour from 3-7 with gator sausage, which was absolutely phenomenal (house mustard made the dish complete).  All their food and dressing are fresh and made from scratch.  Though happy hour consisted of well drinks, beer flights, and wine. The fruit punch tasted like real fruit juice as it was orange in color compared to your typical Gatorade red Hawaiian Punch. 
Sue our bartender was attentive, hardworking, experienced, and best of all a sweet heart. She was great to talk to but also was capable of ensuring everyone's requests were fulfilled on the spot.  It made it an extremely pleasant visit as she reassured that we could be comfortable just hanging out from a long days walkGood food but don't eat here if you're in a hurry. Came in for brunch on a Saturday afternoon and told hostess and server we had an hour before we needed to be somewhere. The restaurant was relatively empty, so we didn't think it would be a problem. An hour and a half later we finally got our food and they didn't even get the order right. I mean ordered scrambled eggs with potatoes and bacon; it wasn't rocket science. My friend the vegetarian had ham on hers. Another's friend didn't come out at all. Biscuits were amazing though.This place was so accommodating when we needed assistance with a large party. Very welcoming and indulging.Very good Cajun food and good drink specials.  Beautifully spacious and open breeze dining room right in the heart of the French Quarter looking out on Toulouse street.  
The fresh gulf shrimp and ceviche were great local foods that our table enjoyed.  A great option for lunch or dinner while wandering the square.Love this place. Service is great, people are very friendly.  I was disappointed in the blueberry muffins however. I'm a regular at the Vacherie and the St. Marie and always get the muffins so I was disappointed that they changed the recipe. I'll still come back to the hotel but probably not the cafe.This place has amazing bloody Marias. Food is excellent. The chicken and waffles is  so good. Sue is my spirit animal. Best bar tender and wait staff I've had in the city.Really good small plate stuff. We just went there for some food to tide us over for a while and it did! They are next to(apart of?) a hotel and they have a really nice patio and good drink specials.Food was alright.  Crab and shrimp salad was bland. Pork sausage was tasty.
Pecan pie was good, but cold, big piece. Service was attentive to the point of being annoying, but the place was empty.Love the easy atmosphere and service. Really liked the crab served in an adorable cast iron skillet. 
Great wine choices.I am not exaggerating when I say that Vacherie might not only be my winner for best Coolinary experience 2016, but it might be one of my favorite places of all time. Of all of the places I went to for Coolinary, Vacherie did everything perfectly. For starters, the atmosphere was romantic with it's dimly lit dining room and cozy feel. It's the perfect spot for a date.
We made reservations, but this turned to be unnecessary and there were plenty of places to sit when we got here at 7:30. Our waiter was extremely friendly and took our drink orders right away as we looked over the menu. I knew exactly what I was getting from the Coolinary menu, so I was excited to get started.
We did go off menu and start with some blackened gator bites. I am a sucker for gator and these were good. They had a little spice to them and they melted in my mouth. They even had a little sauce on the side for dipping- I'm not sure what the sauce was, but I liked it. 
For my starter I got the house salad with balsamic dressing. This was a large salad that was packed with tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots and other goodies. I love that they put the dressing on the side so that I could add as much or as little as I wanted. Everything was fresh and tasty and I was already impressed.
For my entree, I (naturally) got the shrimp and grits. Shrimp and grits is my favorite dish and this version was incredible. First of all, the serving was huge! Vacherie was beyond generous with this portion and if the Coolinary serving was even half of this I would have been happy. Fat tail-on shrimp in delicious , creamy grits served with French bread rounds. There were SO MANY shrimp- at least 10 and maybe 12. The sauce was perfection and the dish was full of flavor. For the first time in a long time I couldn't finish it all. That's right, there was so much food I was struggling. Just when you thought Vacherie was done, they also had pork smothered collard greens on the side. I love greens and adding pork just brought it all to another level. This wasn't just some puny portion, this was a generous serving of greens. I was in heaven.
I must have managed to save a little bit of room because when my final course of pecan pie came out, I was all over it. Pecan pie is my favorite pie and I have it so rarely, but I decided to just dive in and really enjoy myself. This was a generous slice served with whipped cream on top. I think this pie must have been made from scratch because the pecans were whole and the crust was nice and flaky.
I loved Vacherie so much that I think that I'm going to have to go back and get this special again during restaurant week. Everything was perfect from beginning to end. Our waiter checked on us regularly to make sure that we were enjoying everything and that we liked our drinks. This might be one of my new favorite places and not only will I be returning, I will be telling EVERYONE about this restaurant.Our group of 5 sat in the courtyard. It was a beautiful night !  Started with the alligator bites and crab gratin that we shared family style. 
Our entrees were steak, 2 ducks, pork and Cornish hen.  Added Brussels sprouts and fried shrimp.  The best review is.....5 clean plates. Ordered wine by the glass from a great selection. 
This was my third visit to Vacherie and it has been consistently delicious.Food was amazing and the restaurant was very nice compared to the hole in the wall places on Bourbon St.The courtyard is a cute hideaway for a first date. The tables are small which makes it intimate. But, beware they may be shaky due to the pavement. 
Dinner started off with the charcuterie plate. I can't say I enjoyed it that much. I loved the pecans but that's about it. It just wasn't my cuts of meat and cheese. I don't know if it's a seasonal thing or its always the same items.
My friend and I shared an entree and ordered about three apps/sides to share. We had way to much food and no appetite. Maybe we were too busy catching up?
Entree was pork ? See, I didn't really care for it so I don't remember anything about it. 
I remember the crab gratin. That was delicious. We had the fried green tomato, I liked that as well. Lastly, was the gritcake. Which I could have passed on. 
The menu looked very promising and for the most part I enjoyed the meal. I didn't have anything epic. But I just think it was due to my choice of dishes. 
We had two cocktails and the bill totaled to around 70-80$. 
Service was slow, super slow. We didn't care. Too busy talking. 
1 star for ambience
1 star for a variety 
1 star for crab gratinAmazing food. Frog's legs in bbq butter sauce, Brussels sprouts w/bacon, Pork sliders seafood sklillet AMAZING!  Cant really overstae that. Very friendly too.We've been here twice now it's fabulous frog legs are amazing they have crab gratin and rabbit stew!! A hidden gem off bourbonAmazing food and friendly, helpful servers! Paul (waiter) and Victoria (bartender) are keepers!! We have had 3 delicious meals here in 4 days!!Coffee was pretty good, I figured they would have had more of a variety and maybe offer some pour overs.  The place is cozy and the Danish and coffee shop shares space with the bar and restaurant but you really can't even tell...  I would recommend it if you are trying to grab a quick coffee and muffin.The bartender was off her Meds. She was freaked out because there were three people ordering drinks. This job is not for you honey. She also screamed at a tourist from New Zealand who asked for the bathroom code. A nasty nasty woman.....not good for your business!!!!!?!!We were in New Orleans for Twelfth Night and this happened to be down the street from our hotel.  So glad we stopped in for breakfast, because omg....... 
I ordered the eggs, grits, green fried tomatoes, and sausage breakfast.  Yes, the tomatoes are as good as everyone seems to be raving about.  Crunchy breading, tangy, firm tomato with remoulade sauce on the side.  Delicious!!  I also had the biscuit instead of toast.  HUGE and wonderfully fresh, warm, and fluffy.  Seem to be drop-biscuit type dough with a hint of sweetness in the dough.  Unfortunately, I was only able to have two bites and I'll address why later.....  The sausage was fresh, lightly smoked flavor.  I don't usually care for this type of sausage for breakfast, but this I found surprisingly delicious (especially with the fried green tomatoes).  Finally, the grits.  (and the reason I couldn't finish my biscuit)  My spouse also had ordered grits.  We both took our first bite at the same time and just stopped and stared at each other.  "These are incredible."  I told her.  Then I stopped our server and told her these are the best grits I have ever, ever eaten, how are they prepared?  "Cream cheese, butter, cream, and milk" she replied....  I heard my spouse (loudly) exclaim "OH MY GAWWWD"   So....okay.  The grits will be a once a year treat, but there are a lot worse ways to die than heavenly grits.  If you're in town, this place is phenomenal!!!  Servings are huge and prices are reasonable and food is fantastic!I would give 0 stars if I had this option.  This review is solely based on the customer service we received not the food. We came here on December 21,2017 around 1pm because someone suggested that the salads were good.  We arrived at the bar area and we sat down the bartender gave us water and menus. The entire time we were trying to get the older lady's attention to order she was watching the tv behind the bar. I asked if I could still order a bagel because I was unsure if they were still serving breakfast and the response I got from the bartender was "can you order a bagel why would you even call me over here to ask that," although her tone was rude I brushed it off and asked if I could also have a hot tea then she immediately grabbed our menus and said that she was a bartender and that if we wanted food we had to go to the cafe.  I have NEVER experienced such horrible customer service in my life.  If she did not want to do her job and serve customers she should not have seated us or given us food menus. After that we left her horrible attitude caused us to feel completely uncomfortable and disguised.  I don't blame the restaurant but that employee caused the restaurant to lose our business.This place is absolutely delicious! Tried the roast beef debris smothered with mushrooms, onions, and cheese. Whatever they are doing in that kitchen...it works. Others in my party were equally pleased with their dishes. The server was helpful, personable, and knowledgable. Don't miss this place if you are in New Orleans.Our party of 9 selected this restaurant for NYE because the reviews looked good, and the menu sounded delicious. Overall, the food was pretty good - gumbo, Brussels sprouts, pork shank, fish, beef tenderloin, desserts - and they provided NYE hats and favors! Unfortunately, the wait staff was young and inexperienced, and management was inflexible. There were so many quirky things that happened on such a special occasion. When we arrived at our 9pm reservation time, we were told our table wasn't ready and we'd have to wait another half hour, or we could take a smaller table and squeeze in. We agreed to squeeze because we wanted to get out of there before midnight to celebrate the fleur de lis drop. We brought four bottles of wine for our party, and our waitress asked whether we wanted them open (three separate times) - yes! But it took until the second course for them to be opened, so we ended up paying corkage for all four (which was expected), and carrying all four half-full bottles back home because we didn't have time to finish them. They also rushed us out of the dining room at 11:30 because they said they were closed, but they were the ones that gave us a 9pm reservation for 9 people. Obviously that was going to take awhile to serve, eat and pay. When we were trying to pay and separate our bill, the manager came over and said they could only take four credit cards and the amount charged on each had to be the same amount. What kind of rule is that, and why couldn't our waitress have told us that when we gave her our cards, or better yet as we were seated at the beginning of the meal? We'd asked them to charge five cards - four paying 2/9 and one paying 1/9. We thought that seemed pretty easy, but the management wouldn't even consider it. Overall the food was good but the experience left something to be desired. Happy New Years!The food was good, but I asked the waitress what kind of potatoes they used for the breakfast. She said, basic potatoes. I asked what she meant. She said the usual round potatoes. I had to specify if they were red, russet,Yukon gold, etc. She then proceeded to ignore us. She would bring water out for everyone around us, and ignore us. Took almost 10 minutes to get her over so we could order. Luckily, there was another waitress that was a little more attentive. Loved the food, but would never dream of coming back when they allow waitresses to be so petty.I feel terrible about this review. But when you are the only couple in an empty restaurant and they serve you a RAW chicken breast the review is not good. Don't know how this can happen. It was our last night in NOLA  and saved this place for last as recommend by our concierge. Not thrilled that it was empty on a Friday night. Not thrilled that in an empty room they tried to sit is in the worst table in the place. The Brussel sprout appetizer was just OK. Some were hard others burnt. But my wife's chicken breast was what ruined the evening. Came to the table raw. Not rare for you dating types but raw. The room was very dark and the chicken was covered in sauce so it took a bite and a chew for my wife to recognize it as raw. While returning the offensive breast to the kitchen, We heard one of the kitchen staff yell that the chicken was raw make another. When my wife's meal is ruined so is mine. During the 15 minutes that we waited for breast number two, I tried to eat my BBQ shrimp but just could not enjoy myself as my wife watched. When the chicken got to the table, my fork was down and my wife, revulsed by the notion of eating chicken declined a second chance at chicken. In fact the night was derailed. The waiter was a nice young man and we  tipped as if ate the whole meal  but the restaurant failed at a very simple task. There are many options within walking distance. Choose one of those.Service was horrible. Took almost ten minutes for anyone to take our drink order! Food was okay, dessert not so much. Plenty of better options in a city of great restaurants...This was one of those restaurants I stumbled upon by accident, and boy am I glad I did! Small, quiet and friendly, it's one of those places that gets everything right. The menu is a mix of traditional Cajun and southern classics, all with the head chef's personal spin. I've done Sunday brunch, Sunday dinner and mid-week meals here, with every dish being as good as it gets. They also have one of the best pecan pies in the city - made in house! Really, there are a lot of over-hyped restaurants in the French Quarter, but I can promise you that I'm not overselling Vacherie - it's just wonderful. The restaurant is very easy to overlook. If you don't pay attention while walking down Toulouse, you can miss the hanging wooden sign right past the Hotel St. Marie (the restaurant is actually inside the hotel).Awesome experience! Had a party of 7, great service. Food was well received by all. Very fair prices for the quality of food. Great ambiance, large outdoor courtyard. Big dining room. Surprisingly quiet for a busy weekend in the fq. Highly recommended, great for a date.Came here for breakfast because, unlike Brennan's, it offered its regular breakfast menu for Easter.  But it also had some specials, so I had one of those: shrimp with grits, the best-tasting shrimp I had anywhere in Louisiana.
Prejudice would suggest a staff of waitresses with tattoos and piercings would not be very caring towards their customers.  Prejudice would be wrong.  Excellent, attentive service.Salade végétarienne rendue vegane : super bonne ! Les noix de pecan caramélisées sont une tuerie.We found this little restaurant a few blocks from Bourbon St. The food was fantastic. Atmosphere was quite and classic NOLA. The service was personal and perfect. All for a great price. The carrot cake was divine.Amazing weekend brunch menu and some of the best boudin in the city. I highly recommend this restaurant.Delicious breakfast.  The fried-green tomatoes w/remoulade, Croque Madame, and steak & eggs were to die for.  Big portions and reasonable prices all inside a gorgeous, historical building.  Yum.We enjoyed a nice breakfast on the morning of our flight. I had the boudin breakfast, which was collared greens with boudin patties over top, then covered with poached eggs and hollandaise sauce, served with potatoes or grits. I had the potatoes. It was delicious, and I've had nothing like it. 
There were server all tempting options on the menu, and the prices seemed a little better than the other places we've been. Service was very good. We have no complaints at all. And the location was great, right across from our hotel.Hmm- how many stars to give? It was new year's eve so a tough night for restaurants but the way their disorganisation was mishandled was totally unacceptable. Amateur hour? 
Food was pretty good (overly salty which seems to be the norm in NO) but:
-half the special menu appetizers were unavailable (we could have the soup or the soup)
-many of the wines unavailable
-advertised 'live jazz' was present for a total of 20 min
-45 min for a wine list to arrive
-2:45 to get thru the meal (mostly with nothing happening) - barely made midnight outside
-clumsy service
-when our unhappiness was expressed to mgmt there was not a hint of empathy, apology and certainly no gesture of goodwill to make up for it
Interesting that in French 'vacherie' is used to refer to a kind of mean practical joke that someone plays on others....Delicious breakfast of crawfish fritata, fresh biscuit, incredible bacon. Indoor ambience is a bit old school for us and unfortunately it was too cold for the courtyardOne of the best breakfasts I've ever had.  Boudin benedict.  Poached eggs layered atop boudin sausage, and the sweetest collards I've ever had. Hollandaise to top it off. Delicious.Eh, decent food, crappy service. Good happy hour special, but we had to remind the bartender 2 times to bring our drinks and our dirty dishes were never taken away, even when our entrees arrived and they had nowhere to put them. We were one of only 2 tables present in the bar thAt night. With so many choices, I won't be going back.Staying down the street. While walking to find some breakfast, it started to pour rain, so we ducked in here and boy I'm sure glad we did. Everything was yummy and quite authentic. My husband grew up in New Orleans and he loved it. Hogs head cheese made on site, which is impressive in itself, and according to him, it tasted great! The keques were just right and oysters fried to perfection. A+++! Glad it started raining!Happy hour is til 7pm everyday! Love that since a lot of places end at 6pm. Also, the $5 cocktails and glasses of wine are well worth it. Received very large pours of the house red ( have no clue what kind it was but it was delicious)! 
On the HH menu, got the pretzels with mustard and the deviled eggs with pimento (both $5). The pretzels (large ones like from auntie Ann's) were great, soft and salty and very good with the mustard (they give you two kinds). The deviled eggs were decent but not my favorite. Tasted like they had curry or something in them. I've had homemade ones that are better. The pimento cheese was very good but not that spicy like the menu says. Overall, great HH. Will be back to try more.Ok. This place has great food with a crappy vibe. The service is WEIRD. They make you feel like you are bothering them and aren't welcoming at all. We are nice people and respectful. You should give us that back, at least.Restaurant is located in Hotel St. Marie in the French Quarter.  It's immediately adjacent to hotel's lushly landscaped courtyard and windows look out onto a three-tiered fountain.  During the weekend, there's even courtyard seating.  Like the hotel itself-but less so-the 12-table dining room is slightly shopworn.  However, it's appointed well enough to still have a nice atmosphere.
Unbelievably huge, tasty breakfast items in quaint setting.  While staying at the hotel, we had the superb Croque Madame which is large enough to share (and, there's no additional charge to do so), the Eggs Benedict, the very good Breakfast Bread Pudding and Andouille Hash.  The latter was the only disappointment comprised of a large portion of sectioned hash brown potatoes with little sausage.  The freshly made drop biscuits are the largest you'll ever see!
Excellent service from an array of different servers throughout our stay.  I'd recommend to friends visiting NOLA.Do yourself a favor and avoid Vacherie! The Reveillon menu, traditionally a time for chefs to show off, was horrible. Over-large portions over-cooked and over-seasoned. We couldn't taste or smell anything but Rosemary by the time we'd pushed the entrees aside. Can't imagine how they got the spongy-fibrous texture in the (cold) carrots.Go to the cafe! !!!! My daughter and I ate here several times on our trip.   Sandwiches are delicious and generous.  We also enjoyed coffee drinks,  breakfast sandwiches and cookies! All outstanding!  The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful with local tips and advice. Can't believe we found this place and would go back without hesitation! !!!Absolutely amazing! Can't miss! Green Tomatoes and grits for breakfast. Special thanks to our Texas born waiter.Went to dinner there last night in a group of 16.  Mostly locals with a small outta town crowd.  I have never been.  Won't be back either.  Takes a great deal to get me to the quarter where I worked in a restaurant for four years.  However there was a solid desire to check this place out.  
The food was good. Not great but above par for the quarter.  My drum was a touch dry and the oyster appetizer was a little underwhelming because although a large plate, there were small oyster pieces overly breaded.  However still decent and not the deterrent.  
The service was absolutely laughable.  The guy started off in a foul mood and was openly rude and impatient with our whole table.  When I asked about specials he directed me to read the menu.  One girl dared to try to get his attention after he walked away from me while I was in mid sentence and he all out snapped at her.  He was consistently rude from the beginning when I asked for a water glass (they had to add a chair so we were short) and he pointed at the table like I was an idiot through just before entrees were delivered.  I can only think he heard the vociferous complaints about his rudeness we were openly making because he finally toned it down. 
I know the quarter attitude as I worked there for years. This was way over and above and he was almost openly hostile.  At the place I worked, we used to say that some people have to leave the quarter at some point.  If this guy gets other complaints like this it's time to leave.  
Honestly the food didn't wow me but I would likely have come back.  I just won't cuz I don't have any patience for being treated that way.  I don't find service people in the quarter justified in being like that because of tourists.  I never was and if you don't like it and the cash you make, do something else. If management tolerates this then they should be reviewed.  If this is a one off bad day then it cost you your reputation with at least half that party and likely more.  We weren't rude, we were joking and having friendly fun and he was just absolutely rude.  I'm sure he'd say it was our fault somehow but honestly, these people are the nicest people I know.  I almost took issue with the grat but I didn't want to make a scene. 
Kicker was he reversed my credit card with another and I paid double...This is a great little cafe.  The menu is stacked with fantastic sandwiches, such as BLTs, triple clubs, Reubens, chicken pesto and many more.  Everything is prepared fresh when you order and the servings are generous.  They are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner but we stopped in for breakfast and I'm glad we did.  The large windows provided plenty of morning light and, with the restaurant located on the corner of Dauphine and Toulouse, the perfect spot for people watching.  We ordered the smoked salmon lox and bagel which was amazing.  A mountain of thin sliced salmon with herb cream cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, onions and capers.  Almost too much.  Also picked up a huge muffin and coffee.  Wonderful.  The coffee was some of the I've ever had.  This place should be on your list of places to eat at in NOLA.I stopped in this cute bar after an early evening jaunt through the Vieux-Carré. I am glad to have come in that night. I had two glasses of red wine and chatted it up with the bartender and some of the locals. This was a great way to start out my vacation, and I liked that fact that there was not one tourist in the joint! I highly recommend if you want something off of the beaten path.Kick ass happy hour. $5 drinks and small plates. Right off of Bourbon Street. Stop in for a respite from the hustle bustle of the French Quarter. Bonus: the sweet kitchen guy, Brandon, let us use his phone charger. Two thumbs up! Victoria is a great bartender happy help with anything from local lore to a great place to eat.Me and a group of friends came here on a Sunday afternoon for happy hour. It was such a cute little place. It's located inside a hotel but when I stepped in, it felt like I was transported to a different city. The calm and chill vibe of the bar was such a juxtaposition from the loud environment on Bourbon. It was such a nice little break and the bartender was nice as ever, constantly talking to us and making us feel comfortable. The drinks were cheap as well with lots of $5 specials. We had mojitos and wine and it was all very delicious. As more and more people came, though, we realized that it was more of a bar for the older crowd which I don't really mind. The final plus was that THE BATHROOMS WERE SO CLEAN.We popped into the bar for a quick drink and Victoria took care of us.   We ended up staying until closing!  Victoria was super friendly, provided great service, and was an ABSOLUTE HOOT to hang out with.   Thanks for a VERY fun evening!  We will be back soon!  Jim, Craig, John, and Mark!Terrible service. Bartender was very rude and condescending - rudely explained that brunch is a mix of breakfast and lunch. They only had breakfast food at 11AM on Sunday. 
The waitress was also rude. When we ordered a Croque Monsieur without ham, we were told "the kitchen doesn't allow subsititutions on anything". There were no vegetarian options.
We left before ordering food and went to Muriel's. Great decision. Avoid this place.A quiet, somewhat secluded restaurant in the French Quarter serving top notch cuisine. The red fish special on a Saturday night was divine. My friends and I shared a bottle of malbec served at an appropriate temperature. Overall, a wonderful intimate restaurant, good for small groups.Servers were very friendly. But there must've been problems in the kitchen. Started in bar with appetizer and drink during happy hour while waited for restaurant to open for dinner at 6. Deviled egg appetizer with homemade pimento cheese was great. Spent over 2 hours in restaurant and some who were seated before us just now received their food :( crab cakes were great, we added shrimp.  Pecan pie was cold and disappointing. Sauce on bread pudding was great, but bread nothing to write home about. Good thing we didn't have to be anywhere.  Pecan chicken was good.Very elegant atmosphere, seemed a little stiff to me. That said, the food is GREAT!! We went when there was only 1 other occupied table.We were staying at the Hotel St. Marie so this was our go to breakfast spot.  Service was good, food was cooked well and served up quickly & I loved the potatoes they served with breakfast.  My only complaint was that don't sit on the bench style seats- they are very worn and uncomfortable....we made sure to ask for a table or outdoor seating after having to sit there the first day.For $25 (including tips), we ordered a salad, a sandwich and a tea which was served in a plastic cup. One of the tomatoes in the salad was growing mold. We notified it to the bartender but she didn't feel like apologizing for that. The chicken pesto sandwich I had wasn't bad but didn't taste like pesto. The cheese part of the salad is really weird but the rest is OK. Portions are generous. Interior design is very nice. Oh, and we were asked to pay before to even get our order. So no way to make our tip reflect the experience.A fellow yelper and I had a great dinner here at Vacherie. We sat in the bar area where the bartender was pretty awesome! The bar was surprisingly busy when we were there on a Sunday night. We had a few drinks from the awesome bartender and ordered dinner. I had the crab cake appetizer with added sautéed shrimp, and my friend had the crawfish etouffee. The crab cakes were really good and the shrimp were awesome. The crab cakes are pan sautéed, not fried and they are not full of bread filler. I would most definitely order them again.  My friend also said the crawfish etouffee was really good. Then to top it all off they have the most amazing pecan pie this side of the Mississippi!  To give you an idea of how good it is... my friend never misses a visit to Vacherie when he's in town because he must have the pecan pie! 
I kid you not, it's just that good. What are you waiting for, go get some pie!!This review is for the cafe part not the main restaurant. While the food me and my wife had was good, the reason I am only giving it 3 stars is due to their prices are a bit high for what you get. Do not get me wrong, it is not like the portions are small, it is just they are nothing special size wise compared to what you will spend. Even with that being said, with us staying at the hotel this place is located at we'll eat here again. We both highly recommend the BLT with Pimento Cheese, it might be one of the best deli sandwhich either of us have eaten.Overall, a nice choice for brunch with a good. Six of us ended up there for brunch on a Saturday at noon. We wanted to go somewhere that took reservations given how busy the area was with French Quarter fest going on. The restaurant is attached to a hotel and has a lovely courtyard, it is conveniently located in the heart of the french quarter. The food was quite good, albeit a bit pricey (though everything is over priced in the French Quarter). I had the crab cakes benedict and was really impressed with the amount of crab in the two crab cakes, probably the most "crabby" I've ever had. I also ordered a side of the collard greens, which were delicious. The coffee could have been better, and while the biscuits were a nice starter, they were drop biscuits, rather than the fluffy layered-type I had expected. My major complaint is their policy for separate checks. It does say in small print at the bottom of the main menu that they will only split the check evenly between up to 4 people. This is very inconvenient for groups, especially because we were traveling for a conference and required itemized receipts. Further, the waitress was quite rude when we asked for separate checks at the end of the meal because not one of the six of us had noticed the small text on the regular menu (in part because most of us ordered off the special brunch menu that did not include information about splitting checks). 
In sum: good but not great for brunch. Think again if you're going with more than 4 people and would like more than one check.I've never had Eggs Benedict before, and I feel like any other place will pale in comparison. Our entire party LOVED their breakfast... and the coffee is strong.We initially had reservations for Emeril's restaurant, and were super glad that we cancelled those reservations. If it was purely based on food, then I would give it a 6 star rating. The fried chicken sliders with pepper jelly were to die for, along with the sausage platter. The only complaint was that the service was too slow and the drinks were almost too strong that they were undrinkable.This place is a great under the radar french quarter brunch spot. Never too busy. Prices are reasonable. Mid and low teens for brunch prices. And the food is top notch. Croque Madame is my favorite but the eggs Benedict is also a great option.Excellent lattes, expresso, & coffee.  Amazing little coffee house with fresh bakery items.  Definitely a spot to hit when walking the French Quarter!I waited over 1.5 hours for our food. The food was mediocre and the drinks were okay. The service was abysmal. I will never return nor will I ever recommend this establishment.Awesome place great environment! Amazing food! Love sue the bartender sweet lady a lot of fun!! Came for brunch and mimosa's definitely recommend!!I discovered Vacherie before I read the reviews. Am glad of it.  I was in town three nights and business and ended up eating here in the bar for dinner twice. Comfort food nirvana! Big and good portions. Super reasonable prices for value. Amazing really. 
I wanted to take my video crew out for dinner before our last shoot and had asked our three local guys for recommendations.  They were excited to turn us on to their favorites but then the afternoon shoot went long and our dining window vanished.  They couldn't believe that a non local turned them onto such great food half a block off Bourbon Street. They also couldn't believe the $5 happy hour food menu.
I ate all my meals in the bar from the restaurant menu and the happy hour menu... Wonderful service with a touch of attitude, which I really enjoyed. This place ain't no sterile McDonalds... Thank god.
This morning is my last meal in New Orleans this trip. We celebrated a bit too much at the end of the night so I'm enjoying a successful hangover cure of Debris and grits with poached eggs. Debris is roast beef cooked long enough to melt. Fantastic melt in mouth combination of flavors.
For dinners I've shared in: $5 sliders, gator sausage, deviled eggs, shrimp etouffee (discovered that it's not my thing). Also from the restaurant menu, sausage sliders, fried oysters (best I've had), grit cake and collards... I've never, ever had greens that were a little sweet before.  YUMMY dish.