Wow! Don't miss out on wonderful food, immaculate service with great prices! Just missing out on a table bread...which I understand is not traditional Italian but boy oh boy  their sauces deserve not to be wasted.My friend and I had the best experience here tonight. Everyone was so helpful and friendly. The servers Sebastian and Eduardo were hilarious and sweet, sit with one of them if you have the chance. Management was very helpful and caring throughout our entire experience. Everything we ordered was perfect! Definitely one of our new favorite places to eat! Can't wait to go backThis is my favorite restaurant. That is a talk order to fill since our city is all about door. We are very fortunate to get the same waiters Rob and Eduardo who are outstanding in a professional and personality sense. Enjoy each meal, each time.Mama Mia! Now this is Italian!
I remember eating here as a little girl.  A visit to Venezia was a big deal and called for a dress.  I thought this place was huge.  This place has changed a lot since I was a little girl, but the food hasn't.  Still delicious!
Don't let the atmosphere of this place fool you.  It looks like a regular neighborhood restaurant with white paper atop the table, but the food is phenomenal.  The service is very good, the waiters are very attentive and intuitive, they think of everything about a nanosecond before you do.  They also know the menu very well.  These are the waiters who can recite every ingredient or cooking process without having to look at the menu.  They offer pairings and know how to tempt to order an additional item, or try a particular sauce.  Experts at influencing and you will love them for it.
For a Friday night dinner, I tried one of the specials, Veal Pontchartrain.  This may be the best Italian meal I have ever had in my life!  The super tender veal was lightly breaded and panned to perfection.  The veal is accompanied by a brothy lemon sauce (think Picatta) with quartered artichoke hearts and lump blue crab.  It is also available with the drum; I wish I would have had enough stomach capacity to order one of each.  If you spot this on the menu, get it, do not think twice, order it and close the menu.  If you prefer traditional Italian, you will also find wonderful Veal Parmesan and Shrimp Fettuccine portions are rather large, so plan to be full and use up every last inch of your stomach.  The fried calamari is also a good appetizer and I can't resist ordering it on every visit.
The restaurant is rather quiet and draws a mix of people, but it's a great place for a date or family meal.  The place may not look like much, but this is a jewel in Mid-City and you are in for a special treat when you dine here.Good old fashioned, stereotypical, Creole-Italian food. This place is the embodiment of New Orleans Italian Cuisine. They do magical things with veal.I think I expected a different restaurant when I looked at it from the outside.
I ordered the Veggie pizza and it was very average.  Nothing particularly special. It filled me up so I wasn't able to try any of the appetizers or other things other Yelpers have talked about.
The waitstaff was fine, but the pizza wasn't particularly good, and I am not sure I'd go back.Venezia is homestyle Italian.  Daily specials, and a lovely group of folks who work there make this a good place to lunch.  nobody's trying to impress you here.  Right near Angelo Brocatto's, so go get a gelatto after you dine.  Cooking here is like momma used to make.  The meatloaf rules.We have been coming here for the past 30 or so years. Now my folks live out of state, but we make the trip across the causeway nearly every time they come in town for some Venezia's and Brocatos afterwards.Other reviewers have captured the essence of this place perfectly in 3 words-old school Italian. Think large portions of bleached, white pasta, red sauce and meats galore and a no-frills (yet perfectly clean and orderly) dining area.
We went as a carbo-loading event pre-marathon. I had pasta with meat sauce and garlic bread (If you're going to do carbs, you may as well do carbs, right?) both were good but nothing extraordinary. Pasta sauce is a bit on the sweet side and is definitely very meaty. Worth note that the pasta was uber salty, so make sure to hydrate adequately after your meal!
I think the biggest turn-offs for me were:
Difficulty finding parking
Lack of waiting area (standing room only with a few seats near the bar)
No lobby (It was uber cold and no matter that we were sitting near the back, you could still feel a blast of cold air every time so,someone walked in)
Turn-ons:
In a cool neighborhood
Local vibe
Straightforward, old-school menuMy wife took me out on a date here, its a nice place worth going back to try other meals. The parking sucks you might get lucky and find a spot in front or the side street but we had to park way in the back. Walking in it felt low key and somewhere your in and out quick. I ordered Veal my wife Ordered Meatballs and Spaghetti, my Veal was awesome, very tender lots of Flavor and my first thought was "Damn this would make an Killa Poboy". I tried my wife's dish and the meatballs were really good, but the red gravy was not good to me. Maybe it was my taste buds but i have bad better out a jar from the grocery, but that is my opinion. The wait staff was nice and quick, i guess the only thing i didn't like was being so close to the front door, every time someone opened it you felt the chilled wind. Overall we had a nice dinner date and would gladly go back, if we can find a parking spot lolThis a a good restaurant in a good location. While I am not a fan of the pizza (i think they get all their ingredients from Sysco), the veal supreme is fantastic. The service is always professional and timely. Large portions, an old school atmosphere, and a great location make this a excellent choice in Mid-City.Mmmmm one of my all time favorite places.The food is always excellent.Pizza is really good and the Eggplant Vatacian is out of this world.The food here probably ranges from a 2 to 3 star depending on what you get.  The worst thing I ever ate here was a seafood lasagna that was so bad I couldn't eat more than a few bites of it.  The regular lasagna, manicotti, spaghetti, eggplant dishes, and parmesan dishes are usually good.  They have decent pizza and pasta with some inconsistent execution of their main entrees.  The best thing about this place is that you typically get good value and large portions so you will definitely never go away hungry after a meal here, however, you should save some room for dessert at nearby Brocato's after.It was my first trip. We got the spinach and artichoke bread which was awesome. 
I got the Veal Supreme (fried veal in a seafood cream sauce). The veal was awesome, but the sauce was a little tangy for my tastes. It was full of shrimp and crawfish though. 
Everybody else loved their food. I'll be back.Delicious delicious pizza.  If they delivered, it'd be perfect.  The ambiance is not particularly good, at least at 5 in the evening.  The people were super friendly when I picked up my pizza, though, and I'm sure we'll be ordering there again.It's been a while since I ate at Venezia so I decided to give it to retry. The osso bucco was fabulous! I told the waitress I was in a hurry and she got me in and out of there in 30 minutes! It was busy. It was a borderline miracle! Maybe the best thing about eating here is you get to go have dessert at Angela brocatosI next-door after.I can't wait to go back and try some of the other things I saw. The pizza looked fantastic! The lady next to me ordered barbecue shrimp with gnocchi and it looked awesome. Definitely repeatLong wait. Good fatty Italian food.  Will have a better review once I try the pizza :)Celebrated our wedding anniversary with dinner at Venezia last night. My husband had never been before so I was excited and hoped he'd love it as much as I do. Food was stellar as it has been the past times I've gone. I had the Eggplant Vatican and my hubs had the blackened drum. Both were very good! This would have been a 5 star review but the service was not worthy of it. It was 20 minutes before our drink order was taken and I had to ask the hostess twice to send our waiter over. Then our waiter disappeared for long periods of time. I'm not usually one to complain- I just won't go back again. But the food is so good we decided to speak to one of the owners who was apologetic. We will go back again but will ask to be seated in a specific waiter's section. Maybe we'll try the pizza next time- we noticed a lot of them coming out of the kitchen.We popped in 15 minutes before they were due to close hoping to get a takeout pizza, the waiter was more than happy to accommodate us and welcomed us to wait at the bar whilst we chose from the menu.
We went for the house special and again they were happy to substitute ingredients as my partner isn't crazy about artichokes hearts.
The pizza was awesome, really good quality ingredients and lots of them!We tried the muffuletta for the first time and it is delicious!! I can't wait to get it again. We also ordered the pizza! Soooo good!!! The service is always great! This is one of our favorite Italian restaurants!!!House salad contains olives .No it doesn't it contains 1 olive lol.C'mon guys 1 olive?Maybe the kitchen staff can't count any higher than 1...I usually don't like gloomy restaurants, but this is nice. They make the best veggie pizzasI just had a, "I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet" moment. It's one of those places that my family has been going to for years so it has a special place in my heart. It is a family run business and is often packed on any given night. It is on the small side with one dining room and a small bar area so it tends to fill up quick. I love their italian salad and the pizzas. I have also had several of their entrees and have never been disappointed. The entree portions are huge and easily could be split between two people. The service is always super warm and friendly so you feel like you are a part of their big italian family. Don't forget to cap off the night with dessert at Brocato's for a true Italian experience.reservations for simple Italian? Crazy but true. It's worth it - great traditional Italian food. Good service. Simple comfy atmosphere. Convenient location too.Ordered the Cannelloni which is one of if not the best thing on the menu. The house salad is a waste of money and time as its filled with soggy cheap iceberg lettuce. Venezia is ok but not great Italian food.I have gone to Venezia many times before but never had a meal as good as I did yesterday from them. First, the house salad was excellent with an olive oil dressing that was absolutely perfect. Then the absolute best cheese bread you can get followed by Cannelloni that was to die for. This place has really stepped up its game especially on the red sauce which is now perfect. 
You can't talk to bad about this place on here because remember its (formerly) mob owned. Just saying......Parking is pretty much non-existent, so be prepared to walk (especially if you go on a Friday or Saturday evening).
We had a party of 11, including 2 kids, and had to wait. No biggie, except there really isn't a waiting area either. They suggested the bar area, but it was so crowded that people were tripping over each other. I was actually pretty worried that someone would spill a hot plate of spaghetti on me and/or my kid sitting on the bench. 
Anyway, we were eventually seated. The waiter did not seem pleased to have a huge table, even though an 18% gratuity would be automatically added onto our bill. Actually, maybe that's exactly why he wasn't pleasant - he didn't have to be. Drinks were refilled periodically, but otherwise, we didn't see much of him.
The food was alright. Definitely way above Olive Garden and  Italian chains, but nothing spectacular. I've definitely had better lasagna elsewhere. 
Really, the only reason I would come back is to have a decent Italian meal and then follow it up down the street with Brocato's gelato.Opened its doors in 1957! The food, alas, also tastes like it came from the same stank cold war bunker. I think my lasagne was what my college roommate once cooked using the Ragu sauce can recipe. Speaking of that lasagne; first my server coughed on it and didn't ask if that was OK to serve, and as the he claimed, the lasagne plate was "volcano hot" which was true and lead to the whole dish being burnt. Sitting at the bar I noticed my neighbour having this plastic-looking caesar salad, smothered in so much sauce and low-grade croutons that I also noticed her gag a few times eating it!
Pardon the pun, but that covers all the food I can stomach. How about the ugly duckling decor?! No art on the walls except for local sports posters? Silly. Stained carpeting, cheap dinning furniture, and that god-awful yellow paint all remind me of a Denny's. 
The 'icing on the cake' was that the TV was turned to Fox News. Now I'm not partial to reds or blues in politics, but why on earth would I want to listen to a bunch of angry suits spin some bull@#$t on the failures of others (never their own fault of course) while I eat my meal?! Never mind the fact that VIEWERS OF FOX NEWS KNOW LESS ABOUT CURRENT AFAIRS THAN THOSE WHO WATCH NOTHING AT ALL according to majority polls. I asked if they could change the channel but apparently some folks were still watching, transfixed by our apparent 'communist regime.'It pains me to say this,  but Venezia's has really gone down hill lately. My past 2 meals there have been nearly inedible. The eggplant was undercooked and the Alfredo sauce tasted like it came out of a jar.I still cannot get over how wonderful our first experience at Venezia was. From the Food to the service and everything in between everything was spectacular from the moment we walked through the door. It's been considered a New Orleans favorite since the late 1950s. We met people who have been regulars for 50 plus years and now I know why! We started with the antipasti, BBQ Shrimp, eggplant sticks. My finance had the cannelloni, I had the shrimp pasta, my aunt had the are spaghetti and meatballs and my cousin enjoyed a delicious 14oz steak. All for a very reasonable price. Venezia is highly recommended for all to try! You will not be disappointed.Walked in with no reservation and was seated immediately (we were only a 2 top).  Service was great, food was even better!  Thanks for taking care of us!We've been coming here for years.  There's nothing better than their salad...eggplant sticks...marinara sauce...garlic bread..spinach bread...pizza...angel hair pasta with mushrooms.  I could go on and on but I'm hungry now---Time to heat up the leftovers.Venezia is my favorite restaurant of all time! My grandparents starting brining me here since I was a kid. Venezia has character from the building that it resides in to the patrons that eat here. If only the walls could talk. All of the entrees are affordably priced with the 8 oz. filet steak listed at $24.95 being the most expensive. I truly enjoy ordering the grilled Veal Rib Chop, it arrives at the table sizzling on a hot plate. It is served with a choice of veggies, fries, or a plate of pasta. I have just about tried all the entrees and have enjoyed them all. For an appetizer I highly recommend the stuffed artichoke, along with warm garlic or cheese bread and go ahead and order a house salad which two people can easily share. 
It's a sure bet when I visit home (New Orleans), my wife and I will be dining here. It's a family tradition!Venezia's is the real deal. It has been a popular pizza stop as long as my family can remember (I'm the 3rd child, and 58). This is the real, Creole Italian (meaning, yeah, lots of seafood) but without losing any of its Italian authenticity. The red sauce is the real deal, the cannalloni is bliss on a dish, and the pizza is out of this world. If you are new to the idea of Creole Italian try the Eggplant Vatican and be ready for a rich seafood feast to match any you will find in New Orleans. You can pay a lot more in New Orleans for Creole Italian food this good for a bit more atmosphere than Venezia's very basic dinning room, but why would you want to? It's always crowded so go early or make a reservation, but keep in mind that only gets you on the reservation list instead of the walk-in list. It's that popular and for good reason, and always worth the wait.There is a bounty of good restaurants here in New Orleans. Venezia is by far one of my favorites. The food is basic and beautiful!  I mean that in the very best way. Italian food at its core is very simplistic. 
The wait staff here is the best!!!  Cost of food is on point. This is a great place to done any day of the week.Very good, traditional Italian restaurant in Mid City. Crowded with regulars on weekends so get there early, as even the bar taps out and you see masses on the sidewalk waiting sometimes! Best stuffed artichoke in town, or we have not found one better, yet. Very good pizzas too, and they have some of the best steaks and steak values in town - that is a bit of a surprise for most people. We love Impastatos too, and Sal and Judys and Del Porto on north shore. All above 4 stars, occasionally hit 5 stars but beware the waits. Worth it if you have the time. But now we can slide over to Brown Butter or Frey if Venezia wait is too long!Visited Venezia again last night.  Parking is still a problem..  Pizza, canneloni, Cesar salad, & calamari were all very, very good.  Eggplant Parmesan was served cold.
Crowded, noisy, good bar, a "locals" place.  Best Pizza in town.
RickBetter than it looks! You're welcome! Went back for 2nd visit. I'll be back again soon for the pizza.  
3rd trip for that spaghetti and meatballs. Fully awesomeVery good American style Italian, ate at the bar on a Sunday eve because of the 20 minute wait. Looks like a good place for families.Favorite Italian place in the city. It's been around a long time and it's because it's consistently great! Super friendly staff and the food is always good. 
We pick up the Chicken Marsela and a wedge salad and it's enough for 2. 
The Pizza is also one of the best in the city.We were trying to go to another nearby restaurant that had been recommended to us by our Uber driver, but though we researched their menus and location, we failed to check on their hours--we got there, and they were closed. Yelp to the rescue! Venezia was a five minute walk from where we were and Italian sounded great, so we headed over. We were seated immediately (though there was a big rush right after us). Our group of four got garlic bread to share, stuffed shells (substituting alfredo for the standard marinara), two orders of eggplant parmigiana, and the chicken parmigiana. We all ate every bite. It was pretty solid Italian food! Be aware that the eggplant parmigiana is not prepared like the chicken--instead, it is the cheese and eggplant casserole-style "eggplant parmigiana." It was tasty, but not the breaded/fried version that some other places make. Portions were generous, and the staff was very attentive. The only thing I wouldn't recommend is the garlic bread. It's a pretty small portion to have to pay for, and it was just dry french bread with some garlic powder on it. Save your money.Mini me and I love, love, love, this place. We discovered it on accident on a random fun day. The food was absolutely delicious and it's right by Angelo Bracotos which makes it perfect for date night or family celebrations.  The chicken Parmesan was hot, cheesy, delicious, and a very generous portion. I really can't remember what else we had because that one dish was the star of the meal. I had some wine  that I really enjoyed too.  This is our new favorite Italian joint for sure. I only wish they had better parking.We got carryout from here and it was DELICIOUS! Almost as good as my Nana's marinara sauce. The portion was huge. Garlic bread was garlicky and very flavorful. We ordered small salads and they were huge. I am so glad we tried here again. I will be coming here from now on when I want Italian:)This is my favorite restaurant. That is a tall order to fill since our city is all about food. We are very fortunate to get the same waiters Rob and Eduardo, who are outstanding in a professional and personality sense. I've enjoyed each meal, each time.This place has great Italian food.  Service was superb. The prices can be a tad high though.  I recommend it to someone in the area wanting to try some Italian.Throwback family-style Italian restaurant that's been a local favorite for a long time. Came here with some kids and family and service was very friendly and understanding (of the modest mess our little one made).
Lasagna was super yummy and was scraping it off the bottom!  So was the fish filet almandine, which was our super-picky little one definitely approved of. Plus getting dessert next door at New Orleans' quintessential Angelo Brocato was perfect.I have been eating here since I was a kid.  I love it.  If I'm in the mood for spaghetti and meatballs, I go here.  The meatballs are big and the sauce is tasty.  The pizza is yummy. And my favorite, the Eggplant Vatican is a big plate of seafood-eggplant-bechamel happy goodness.
So why not 5 stars? The ONLY drawback in my book, is that they don't use fresh mushrooms - which is a little off putting if you like shrooms on your pizza.  Otherwise, it is all good!Remember that seen in "The Godfather" in which Michael Corleone offs Sollozzo and McCluskey in the Italian restaurant? Of course you do. Well, if the classic film took place in NOLA as opposed to NYC then Venezia's could well have been that restaurant. 
This is a traditional red-sauce southern Italian kitchen. It's about as old school as you get. Traditional spaghetti and meatballs - check. Veal and eggplant Parmesan - you bet. Lasagna - getouttahere. 
No, this place isn't going to win a James Beard award. But what it does it does quite well. Maybe it isn't the best Italian in town but it is good and reliable. Nothing fance- very informal- but it's still nice. Oh, and the prices are quite reasonable!If you went for salad alone, you'd walk out majorly satisfied. The Wedge and Caprese are the best I've ever had from anywhere. The mozzarella in the Caprese is enough to make me go once a week. For my meal, I had the appetizer Seafood Stuffed Mushrooms which were delicious and the perfect portion after nearly filling up from salad. My boyfriend had Veal Pontchartrain, the special, and had no complaints either. I hadn't been in 10 yrs, since I was a teen, and it was even better than I remembered.The food was awesome...the service sucked!!! Our waiter, Bichara, or something like that, was awful.  Once he brought the salad, he forgot about us. I don't know if he was outside smoking or what.  After that, when we asked for the check, we timed how long it would take him to pick it up, that's how  bad he was, it started to become a joke....  Once he dropped of the check, it took him over 10 minutes to pick up the check with the credit card. Miserable!!!!  I'll go back because the food was good, but if I get service like that again, I'll never go back.After seeing this place on a daily basis since moving into Mid-City, my husband and I decided to go in and satisfy an Italian craving that struck around 5:30 on a Saturday. The inside welcomes you with a home-y feeling. Tables close and intimate, small bar, private room in h back reserved for old mafia members (that part is a joke...kinda). We waited for about 10 minutes for a table, and were seated at the closest table to the door, which wasn't an issue because I don't mind watching the fellow Italian cravers walk in. After a while, our server came around with menus that had little "Specials" inserts in them. We ordered the appetizer, Triple Italian cheese dip with pesto, to be told about 15 minutes after ordering, they were out. Without even really thinking about it, ordered the Calamari. It was every calamari that you've ever had, which is not a shocker because one rarely comes across an order of Calamari like none they've ever had. After finishing the appetizer, we waited another 20 minutes for our Entrees. I ordered the Chicken Supreme, and my husband his usual Chicken Alfredo. With a large breaded chicken breast smothered in a pesto sauce topped with crawfish and shrimp, I took my first bite and it was cold. My husband's chicken was dry and over-cooked. After sending the breast back so they could zap it hot, the meal was enjoyable, and the conversation amazing, but nothing special. 
I really wanted to love this place with it being so close to my home, but maybe I'll go again and order take-out pizza instead.This place is another institution from my childhood days. They've been open in New Orleans since the 50's, so my mother used to frequent this place as a kid, and passed the tradition on to me. It was really cool taking my son in there the other day, as it really felt like I was keeping a nice practice alive.
Before my visit yesterday, I haven't been in there in many years, my last visit was pre-Katrina, so I had my usual concerns that time and change may have had a bad impact on quality and service.
I am quite happy to say that my concerns were unfounded. The quality of the food is still top notch. Between my wife, son and myself, we have a calamari appetizer with artichoke bread and we had a house special pizza with 3 meatballs on the side as the entree. 
Everything was delicious, with their red gravy certainly being the best part. (They could give Rocky and Carlo's a run for their money with this sauce.) The pizza was fresh with all the unique toppings that make Venezia's stand out as one of the best, if not THE best, pizza place in the city.
My only complaint is the noise is very high in there. I think it's because they have tried to put too many tables without enough space, creating a very noisy environment. I had to shout across the table to be able to talk to my family, who were just a couple feet away.
Other than that, this place is still as amazing as it's always been. If you want quality Italian food with an old fashioned taste that can't be duplicated, please spin by Venezia,  you'll be glad you did.SOO DISAPPOINTED!!! This place used to be THE Italian spot in Mid City, while the pizzas are still good, the rest of this place leaves a lot to be desired.  No more "secret curtain" people walk in wearing hats, and no more armed guard at the door.  Ahh the old days.  I prefer Liuzza's for Mid City Italian post K and it pains me to give this reviewOne of my new favorite restaurants! We recently moved to Mid-City and are in the process of trying out new places. Venezia was one of the last ones we made it to and for that I'm ashamed.
The food was AMAZING! We got a type of veal parmesean in a sauce (I can't remember what it was called, sorry) and it was literally one of those things you take a bite of and go "Oh my god...that is so good."
The seafood stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer were also amazing. Not the best I've had, but excellent. 
The portions were nice and I was able to take leftovers to work the next day.
Service was great and the restaurant had a good atmosphere overall. I'll definitely be back here.If you want true Italian , Venezia'is where you want to go ! Outstanding staff, great food, reasonable pricing. The Veal Supreme and the Veal Parmesan are excellent !Simple yet satisfying. The server Juan was prompt and courteous. I guess we've been to too many Italian chains that serve complimentary breadsticks and salad so we were bummed that we didn't receive either with our meal since my husband had a fish entree and I had a house special pizza. The meals were well prepared. If you're looking for pizza similar to Pizza Hut or Papa John's, this is not the place. The pizza crust is thin and baked to a nice crisp leaving the toppings of sausage, artichokes, onions and cheese sitting on a thin layer of tomato sauce-done in moderation. Nothing too fancy, but still yummy! My husband had the breaded fish topped with shrimp and crawfish in a rich sauce. The fish was prepared just right; juicy and tender. 
Atmosphere is very homey and busy with lots of history. A short walk from the street car at Canal and Carrollton. Well worth it!When we want pizza, we try to make it here. Small restaurant, but their pizza is amazing!  The waitstaff is always friendly when we come in or pick up. Highly recommend this place as opposed to some others in the area for pizza.I am kicking myself for not having eaten the pizza here sooner. It's perfect. Perfect in every respect.I ordered take out recently from here. I ordered spaghetti & meatballs. It had a funny plastic smell to the noodles & didn't taste good. I also ordered crab stubbed mushrooms. They were gross. They had little hard clumps of something in every bite of the crab stuffing. The green bean side I ordered was absolutely ridiculous. How do you mess up green beans?! It was literally Tony's seasoning sloshed on top with nothing else. I was starving & couldn't eat any of this crap food. Very disappointedIn order to be seated within an hour of walking into this restaurant you MUST have a reservation. When we visited, we were told that there was a 45 minute wait to which we decided was normal and we would wait. An hour and 15 minutes in, we were told that our table would be ready in 10 minutes. 30 minutes following that we were finally seated-- a total of two hours waiting. 
The maitre'd was great at doing his job-- keeping us there, but he admitting told us that the owner overbooks reservations and then gives locals the first spot at a table even though others have been waiting. On the night that we visited a 40-top and 30-top tables were both being served while people with reservations even had to wait over an hour for their table. It was ridiculous.
The food was good, but leaving the place knowing that we had been lied to multiple times, overlooked, passed over and not cared for was nothing good. 
If you want to go, make a reservation in advance.Not impressed by anything.  The lasagna was not good; the chicken parm was ok.  I wouldn't go back for either.  The pizza is ok, but there is much better within a few blocks.  The service was not attentive at all (refills weren't offerred until the bill was brought).  The atmosphere is noisy.  If there is a crying baby or a loud talker, the whole restaurant will hear it.Charming atmosphere and outstanding steak and spaghetti.  The service was first class. Very romantic old school feeling.The reviews here baffle me.  In fact, my experience at Venezia led me to quit using Yelp for several months.
The quality of the pasta was dismally low for an Italian restaurant with these prices.  This is food I would expect at a joint more like Cafe Nino on South Carrollton than a nice and pricey place like Venezia (I would take Nino over Venezia any day).
I would like to believe I had an isolated poor experience, but the menu itself was somewhat boring and everyone else's meals looked low-quality.Italian salad was good, as usual. The soup du jour was artichoke--tasted land smelled ike they opened a can of Swanson's chicken broth and dumped a can of artichoke hearts in it. Hardly any flavor so I added some Italian cheese. I know I should have ordered red gravy, but was not hungry enough to eat a huge portion of food. Let's just say, they can do much better. Disappointing.Best Italian restaurant in the city!!!! Meat sauce and spaghetti is the most awesome!!! Consistently fantastic food!!!How do you determine Yelp stars for a local institution such as Venezia? I feel like the ghosts of wise guys are looking over my shoulder as I pen this review. 
Let's start with what I liked/loved about the place:
1. Quintessential old school Italian restaurant. Growing up in a second/third generation Sicilian family, I cut my teeth on pasta in such places and I'll always have a fondness for such joints.
2. Lots of places claim "this is where the locals eat," and while that may be true, the inevitable bachelorette party will probably wander in with hand grenades and start lousing up the place. I don't think you'll have to ever worry about that at Venezia. On a Friday night, the place was comfortably busy, but we got a table right away. Families kept coming in and it just felt, I don't know, *nice*. Truthfully, I'm kind of tired of the tragically hip scene that's flocking to newer restaurants that I happen to like, but have vowed to never return on a weekend night.
3. That marinara is the real deal. I was afraid of sugary sauce or worse yet, sauce with parm in it (I know, I know, everyone has their little something extra to add in. My badass Sicilian grandmother rarely made gravy w/o pork in it, until I became a vegetarian and she made me my own sauce).
4. The service is extremely kind. Our waiter wasn't especially chatty with us (I'm fine with that) but another waiter who obviously knew the couple next to us was just so awesome, recommending things, and you could tell he really liked working there. It's just a good feeling all around.
5. Affordable prices. Italian food can get very expensive and prices here seem like they haven't changed all that much in the past decade. I could be wrong?
6. No pretense. It's a red sauce joint, and sometimes that's all you need. Comfort food for the paisans!  
Now, for things that I didn't love so much.
1. The ambiance. As in, there's not really any. Sure, I'll take my parents here, but I'd steer clear on date nights. I've said this ten thousand times before, but it bears repeating: "We all look so much... kinder in candlelight." Please, Venezia, please!
2. I'm willing (rarely) to sacrifice ambiance if the food is mind-blowing. And while my vegetarian pizza was OK, there was way too much cheese on it. People say this is thin crust... maybe if you're not used to getting your pizza Neapolitan style. Also, there's no upgrade to Buffalo or any other non low moisture restaurant-grade mozzarella cheese. In all honesty, this pizza has made me a born again vegan, but I won't get into that here. Toppings are plentiful and it's certainly not the worst pizza I've ever had. I don't ask Venezia to change their pizza, be assured. It's just not my cup of, uh, espresso.
So, the good certainly outweighs the not-so-good and I'll keep Venezia in mind when in need for a casual Italian fix, most likely for pizza with extra sauce and no cheese.This has been a favorite restaurant of mine for many years. The food is always great and the service is second to none! I would highly recommend the steak! Bring your appetite because the portions are huge.Great Italian food, but definitely try the steak! It rivals Ruths' Chris sizzling plate. Stuffed artichoke and calamari for appetizers, veal Ponchartrain and cannelloni for entrees. Make a reservation or you'll wait quite awhile for a table.I have never eaten inside but I have been calling this the best pizza in NOLA.  Even had a contest with friends and it won best cheese and best overall.  (beat pizzadelisious and other inferior overrated pizza)
a true test of a pizza is plain cheese which was amazing.  their white pizza is the bomb too.  
their regular food is fantastic too but their pizza gives me happy dreamsStopped there for early dinner on Friday. Spaghetti with Italian sausage was excellent. Fried Eggplant for appetizer was perfect. Friendly staff.Love the restaurant always order the spaghetti and Italian sausage. Tonight it wasn't the same.I don't know who they're getting their Italian sausage from now, but it's definitely not the same.I know it's only 3 stars and I only had the pizza. I will adjust next time accordingly when I try the actual entrees that sound amazing and look good if they are. I came here to try the pizza which I was told was amazing. Sadly it is not, its just mediocre pizza to me. Thank goodness added extra cheese though cause I would hate to see just normal.  The Malbec I had was no good either. It seemed old.  Busy place and a little warm but obviously the other things must be good for it to be so busy. I just failed with the first ordering. Added shrimp to the house special and it was unseasoned which is a waste. The dough is ok as well. I do like the thinness but it gets soggy quick.I have to say this was a real treat! When I used to live in New Orleans, I would always pass this place on my way home. Years later, I finally had a chance to try it and it did NOT disappoint! The stuffed artichokes were amazing! They tasted as delicious as the ones my mom makes. For the entree I ordered the veal and Alfredo. DELISH! When your mouth is watering from craving an Alfredo, theirs is the one your mouth is dreaming about! I love this place! Can't wait to come back and try more!Thanks for the great meal.  The drum fish was awesome. We came from California.  We will return !If the decor was as good as the food, it would get a rare five star rating from me. This is where I take my Mom, Sis, & Niece (Three separate people, I'm not from Chalmette!) on Mother's Day, so that should tell you about how good it is.Came in here twice for dinner as this place was frequented by my husband and his family as a child. The food was excellent on our first visit but not so great on our second visit. The food came out late and was cold but they did bring out hot food once we informed them of this and they did offer us a free round of drinks later. I am still giving them 5 stars because I know from experience its hard having a family run business and I've had those really busy days with less staff when I sent out cold food in my family restaurant. The quality of the food is excellent and good value for money. They are really busy here being mostly frequented by locals and that speaks volumes. I would suggest setting up a reservation before you go or you'll be waiting. I'll be back when I visit New Orleans again.The lasanga, it tasted just like my mother used to make it.... right after it came from the freezer and out a stouffers box... so far I've had the stuffed shells and lasagna from here. Not that impressed, being Italian and all... not to mention it was barely room temperature.Worse greasy, doughy pepperoni pizza ever! Not the same crust it used to be. What a disappointment & waster of calories.Consistently delicious Italian food in the heart mid-city! Pastas and pizzas with some of the best sauce or "gravy" you've ever had the pleasure of tasting. If you've got company in town and they're craving an affordable, laid back, authentic Italian meal take them here!Had the drum with caper sauce and crabmeat.  Fish was undercooked.  Sauce was great and would have been delish atop angel hair as an accompaniment but the pasta was instead served as a side with red sauce.  I asked for a side of plain angel hair with cream sauce and was brought linguini with Alfredo.  Just couldn't get it right.  My husband's order of veal parm, however, was very good according to him: he cleaned the plate.}My daughter (12) loves Italian food and Venezia's is her favorite restaurant.  The staff are very pleasant as we often do take out.  We also have had family celebrations there and felt right at home!!By far the best pasta I have had in New Orleans! Excited to try their pizza next. Service has always been wonderful. Bishara, our server was even kind enough to turn up the air in the back room when it got chilly. The cannelloni, spaghetti bolognese, fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and chicken Parmesan are all things we try often and they never disappoint! It gets packed on weekends so be prepared to wait for a table. No surprise this establishment has been around since 1950's, it's quality italian and reasonable prices!I'm a bit snobby about my Italian food. If it's not my grandma's then it's not  perfect, so I have to let go and be willing to accept other "competition". (Please forgive my overrated Italian song and dance.)
  I came here on a date, and we sat at the bar. It was a bit full since it was dinner hour rush. The main dining area could do with some atmosphere, but it's got a solid mom and pop's feel to it. To describe it even further, I kind of felt like we were in some secret joint that's vacated by mobsters do to the strange lack of typical italian knick-knacks and paintings. It seriously looks like an ideal spot to get raided by the fuzz...but that's kind of fun and exciting in a way, really.
  The wine selections are not bad at all. They accompany the food selections beautifully and all for a very decent price.
  We got a calamari appetizer with olive oil for dip. It was tasty and regular. 
My date got the veal. I thought it was pretty delicious, but he's even snobbier than I am. The real winner here was my lasagna. Everything was cooked just right, not too soggy, and intensely packed with meats with a spread of cheese and noodle.
 Yum.The best Homestyle Italian in the city. meatballs are great, the veal is even better and the lasagna is the best. pizzas are fabulous. If you want real italian in New Orleans there is no better place. Plus for dessert walk up the street and get some Brocato's Gelato or canoli.Well it was so good I don't know where to begin.  Oh yeah I forgot to photograph, bummer.  Anyway we started with an Italian salad that was really awesome and chuck full of some yummy goodies.  The kiddos ordered at pizza which they loved but could of passed on the oregano sprinkled on top but what do they know.  That's how it's done in old school.  Hubs had the Italian sausage with spaghetti and I had the cannelloni with a glass of chianti.  That was of course the icing on my cake.  A nice glass of chianti.  The service was impeccable provided by a cute little white haired lady whose name has escaped me but she made us feel like we were at home, not just any home but your Italian grandmas home.  It has been since before hurricane Katrina since I've been there to dine but really glad we did.  Definitely be back there soon.ONLY ORDER PIZZA!!!
Although Venezia has some great pizza, most of the dishes on the rest of the menu are terrible.Consistently great place. Food is delicious and the staff friendly. The bartenders are always amazing and helpful. The wait for a table can be a little long, but worth it.Great Italian food With good service at a reasonable price.
Ive been twice and both times the food was good to great. On my first occasion I had the meatballs and spaghetti. I made a poor choice of eating at the bar and did not get the salad nor free bread that comes with the meal. As a newcomer I ended up paying for Garlic bread which wasn't that great. The meatballs were very flavorful along with a great tomato gravy that wasn't heavy nor to watery. 
The second time I went for lunch with a friend and found a much better experience though the Italian sausage I ordered was good but a little undercooked. Other than that the service was much better than at the bar and my friend got the lunch special which I highly recommend. 
I would say your best bet is to go for lunch when there is not a big crowd. They have a great daily lunch special that changes weekly so call ahead to find out whats on the menu that day. Order the special if you like, if not you can't go wrong with any of their pasta dishes. This will soon be my fav New Orleans Italian restaurant.Very good food.  The garlic bread will send your cardiac doctor into fits, but very tasty.  The spaghetti and meatballs looked divine and the meatballs were very large.  I had the chicken marsala and it was perfectly cooked.  The variety of mushrooms in the dish was a pleasant surprise!
Small-ish dining room, though there is a back room where you can call and make a reservation if you have a larger group.Been here twice. Both times were yummy, old school Italian food. The stuffed shells were tasty, the garlic bread was the perfect pair and the wine was just fine. This place gets real busy on the weekends so I reccomend going on a weeknight and then walking to Brocatos for some gelato after.This restaurant feels like a set from The Godfather. But in the best way. Large portions for reasonable prices, and everything tastes homemade. Excellent service with servers who really go out of their way to make you feel comfortable and taken care of. I love this restaurant for it's living-room feel and it's ability to fill my belly totally and completely. Also, get the meatballs!Venezia is a Creole-Italian restaurant in Mid City.  Venezia opened in the 1930s, and the original owners sold the place to the current owners in 1987.  Whether you look at Venezia as being in Mid City over twenty or over fifty years doesn't matter, the menu is solid and Venezia is an established part of the neighborhood.  
Most people think of Venezia as an old-school pizza place.  My first memory of Venezia was walking down to the restaurant after a function at the School Which Must Not Be Named, and splitting a breaded veal pizza.  Even though I went to school in Gentilly, Venezia's relative proximity to Tad Gormley Stadium and other popular venues meant we'd end up there occasionally.  On this occasion, family was in a pizza mood, so we got a pepperoni pizza for wife and kiddo to share.&nbsp; The pizza was a winner, one of the best in town.
I wasn't in a pizza mood, however, so I consulted Venezia's menu of Italian dishes.  I went with Eggplant Vatican.&nbsp; The menu describes the dish as a fried eggplant shell filled with a shrimp-and-crawfish stuffing.&nbsp; It's not really a shell, however, but half an eggplant, fried, and then covered with a seafood sauce.&nbsp; The dish was good, but a bit problematic.&nbsp; Because the eggplant was deep-fried, it came to the table too hot to eat.&nbsp; That hot a dish causes a sauce to break down too fast as well.&nbsp; The tastes were solid, but it's frustrating to have to wait that long for food to cool.&nbsp; If you get it, slice the eggplant in sections to vent it, and to allow the sauce to spill down to the plate.&nbsp; Once cooled, the dish was heavenly.&nbsp; The scents coming from the plate were so good that we ended up splitting it between the three of us.&nbsp; The fettuccine alfredo on the side was absolutely wonderful, and a good indication of the high-quality pasta served at Venezia. 
We had a Pinot Grigio to go with the meal, but skipped dessert there, opting instead for that little place down the block, Angelo Brocato's.
(from food dot yatpundit dot com)Whenever my family comes to Nola--this is the first place we think of for dinner!  It's usually the same groups of families and no table is set for 2.
My favs are the ck parm, eggplant parm, wedge salad and pepperoni pizza.
Every meal comes with a side of pasta with gravy!  Make sure to get a bottle of red to complete the meal and don't wear white!I came here on a Sunday night a couple weeks ago with four and a baby.  There was a 35 minute wait, which they were not lying about.  But I think it was worth it.  They had about 10 bar stools and ten chairs across from the bar where we waited.  We ordered a good bottle of wine that was pretty inexpensive especially for an Italian restaurant.  When we sat down, the tables were really close together, but it never seemed to be an issue.  Our server was good but not excellent.  The appetizers were also good, but not excellent.  If you REALLY like garlic, go for the garlic bread.  My entree' however, was exactly what I want.  It's hard for me to pass up Alfredo, and this was a good portion for a good price and it was really good.  Come to think of it, everything there was a really good price for good Italian food.  This is definitely somewhere I will return.i love venezia the best italian food in new orleans great pizza,awesome service the staff is always friendly and treats you like family.i couldn't ask for a better italian restaurant....love this placeI love this restaurant! This restaurant is my happy place.
I know that I will get the best food and most importantly, the BEST service !
Thank you Nick for keeping our neighborhood 
Favorite great !
See y'all soonSo upset. Literally sick to our stomachs from lunch yesterday... I had not eaten there since i was a teenager and was excited to see it open passing by... well, now i regret it. Service was nice, but the food was AWFUL!One of, if not the, best casual Italian dining experiences in the New Orleans area. I love everything about Venezia's, from the awesome old school sign on the front of the building, to the Friday and Saturday night Ossa Bucco special. 
Although I sometimes order other dishes, my favorite thing here is the pizza! I get a pepperoni pizza topped with breaded veal chunks (yes, you read that right) and anchovies on the side. D E L I C I O U S ! ! ! ! 
BOTTOM LINE: A great Italian experience in New Orleans... and right next door to 100 year old Brocotto's for another great experience and after dinner dessert.Excellent food and service. The house pizza is delicious! Salads and meatballs are great too!Enjoy the food and atmosphere and service.
This place seems to always be packed so come prepared and have a reservation. Large menu with lots of choices. Nice place for a date or family gathering.Our newest favorite restaurant in NOLA for steaks and pasta. We have been here at least 6 times in past 3 months and our steaks have been delicious every time. After our meals, we would crawl next door to Angelo Brocato's for desserts and cappuccinos.We had such a lovely meal here Sunday night. We truly only ended up coming because a number of other restaurants were closed on Sunday and we were craving good old Italian food. The lasagna was good, if I order it again I would ask for extra sauce, the veal ponchatrain was outstanding! It sounds silly but even the side of pasta with olive oil and garlic sauce was perfect.
What really made the night great was the restuarant's atmosphere. We sat and the bar, had excellent service, and really enjoyed the mini makeover that was recently completed. 
A few years ago we had a terrible experience here, bad food, horrible service, and red wine spilt by a waitress. This visit totally blew us away and we will be back!I've been coming here for years, this place is the bizniz!
The service has always been on point for as long as I can remember and those values are still present in the servers to this day. It's a traditional, family restaurant where real locals can be found. Everything here is made with real love. My favorite is the veal parm. I mean, I can hardly pass up veal at any authentic Italian joint, i just love it so much. Venezia ' s  is on par with some of the best I've had. Crispy, succulent cuts and the red sauce is not extremely heavy.
I'm usually calling in for pickup so I don't always get the spoils of the service, but no matter weather you're in a rush or have nowhere to be, you're gonna want this stuff in your system.
Portions are good, prices are fair, quality is superb, service is excellent. You sold yet?Went here last night with my brother in law from Las Angeles. The food was phenomenal! Started with Calamari which was perfectly fried. Nice & crispy. Then main course  Chicken & Veal Parmigiana. Lord! was this delicious!!! Service was amazing, A very attentive young server named Sebastian. All of this combined made for a perfect dinner experience!!I really wanted to love Venezia, as it is a neighborhood staple and we have heard so many great things about it. We started out with cocktails that came right out and were tasty, but the service slowed way down from there. Our food came out in waves of two. When the last two plates were served the first two people were almost done. The food was plain. I had the eggplant parmesan and it was "wah wah wah". My friend had the chicken alfredo and it came out cold. The sad thing was that she was one of the last people at the table to be served. The nice thing about this place is that if you have a large family or kids, you can bring them here. It is definitely family friendly.Our favorite Italian restaurant in New Orleans.   Try the Chicken Parm!  You'll love it!  Their pizza is excellent, as well.   Good sized portions, and great value for your dollar.Food is great. Service isn't. Been here nearly 100 times since childhood. Last 3 times in a row were abject failures, and actually had to walk out tonight. Only second time in my life I've done so anywhere. Fault is middle management and untrained servers. Maitre'd running front of house was out of tune with big picture as well as individual tables. Manager over him was happy to make it right, but did so well after the fact - wasn't aware despite being 10' away whole time. No overall organization. The one competent server was only out for her own tables. I worked service for 15 years, and the status quo there only works for them bc the place has wonderful food and a great reputation earned in an earlier era. Will give them one more try bc the last year doesn't outweigh 30 years of good experiences, but it shouldn't be this way.Great food, only place that was open during the supposed hurricane Barry! The meatballs are fantastic!!!!Consistent italian food. Comfortable and enjoyable dining experience. The garlic cheese bread is sooo yummy. Sometimes the service can be slow but it is always worth the wait. Great pizza, pasta, and steak.Always great . This place has been around forever and It never disappoints. Make reservations if you are going on the weekends .Went back for the house salad and pizza. This time neither was that great. The salad was a little too oily and soggy from cheap ice berg lettuce. The veggie pizza was ok but nothing special. My first poor experience here.One of my favorite Italian restaurant in New Orleans. Food is always consistent and delicious and the waiter staff are friendly and it has that rustic charm feel to it. Plus it's close to where I live. :)Excellent meal and excellent service for a group of 39 - 7 families- at Venezia! They accommodated our entire party at one table without any issues! Our server Bishara and assistant Sebastian did an incredible job keeping up with our many orders. Normally with a group this size, you would be tracking down waiters for a refill, but they were on top of everything! 
Bishara suggested a wonderful angel hair pasta dish with a lighter sauce which is not on the menu- with olive oil, garlic, Parmesan cheese, green onions and mushrooms- with option of chicken or shrimp- which I highly recommend. No wonder they have been a local favorite since 1957!Got the meatballs and spaghetti. Disappointed. Bitter red gravy and meatballs. Waiter very attentive. Excellent service.Was watching the food network this morning on TV and saw Ann Burell making braciole. I recalled eating this at Venezia long before Katrina. 
Seeing this dish on television made me hungry for Italian tonight. We headed to Venezia determined to have braciole for dinner. NOT ON THE MENU anymore! Talk about disappointed! Decided to try the cannelloni. What a great choice! My wife ordered the the stuffed shells, another good choice. We walked in about 5 minutes before the posted opening time. We were the first people in the restaurant for dinner. We were seated immediately. Ordered a Peroni beer and the fried eggplant appetizer. Not great, but OK. The red dipping sauce was good. Our entrees came pretty quickly, the cannelloni was great. I ate every bite of this! Sampled my wife's stuffed shells, good, but not as good as my order. Disappointed that braciole was no longer on the menu, but satisfied with what we had. Will have to go back. Headed to Brocato's for dessert.Ah, I hate to give such a so so review but I was really underwhelmed by this place. The food isn't bad, it's just extremely bland. For an Italian menu, it was even lacking in garlic flavor. I ordered cheese bread: generous portion, lots of cheese, good but not impressive. Shells and cheese: once again, bland. It was just flavorless, like a frozen dinner. I actually think stoffers did it better. Chicken Parmesan: the chicken was my favorite part of the meal, just flavorless red sauce. My least favorite part of the whole experience was the Caesar salad. There aren't many things I claim to be a connoisseur of, but I'm passionate about a great Caesar dressing. If nothing else, this part will keep me coming back. It was awful. It was garlicky but that's about all. It was lackluster and disappointing. I was literally sad at how dull it was. The service was great and that's why I chose 3 stars. I was unhappy that there is no hostess or front area for greeting customers. I wandered to the bar before a waiter greeted me and asked if he could help me. I understand the need for extra seating space, but it wasn't welcoming and I felt awkward walking into a room of dining guests looking at me with no one to direct me. I most likely won't return.This restaurant has a long history in New Orleans on No. Carrollton Ave. just off Canal St. The relatively new owner is operating a very nice place to visit and satisfy your taste buds. 
The food is flavorful and tasty. In addition you are treated like a regular on your very first visit. The restaurant carries a well known reputation and does fill up. Reservations are accepted and are a good idea on busy nights. One thing I like about Venezia is they do not have a cut off time for lunch. So meeting someone at one or two in the afternoon is never a problem. Parking in the area is rather easy too.
There are daily specials that will surprise you for being a neighborhood place. The Pork Chop comes out sizzling and makes you think of a juicy steak at the old Ruth's Chris Steak House at Broad St. and Orleans Ave. Prices are reasonable and portions are good. The service is friendly and attentive. 
An old style New Orleans neighborhood restaurant with good food, service and reasonable prices and well worth a visit or three.Venezia is a classic! While the prices are a bit high, the food is great! Try the chicken parm, or the fettuccini Alfredo with panned chicken! 
They have a great house salad and the hostess is so sweet you might even feel the urge to invite her to sit for a drink with you! ... The location is great too; after dinner you should treat yourself to a canolli at Angelo Brocatos steps down the street!What's not to love at Venezia's? On a recent visit split the ice berg lettuce wedge with homemade blue cheese dressing topped with real bacon. Excellent! Also split the small cheese pizza with extra cheese, extra sauce, and pepperoni. Ask for Tami! The best waitress! Service is always great and the atmosphere doesn't exactly hurt, lol love it!Horrible food, how can you mess up lasagna? Frozen in the box is better than the reheated slice with terrible tomato sauce.This use to be a solid 4 to 5 star Italian restaurant, one of the best in the city. I don't know what happened, but over the past few months Venezia's has slowly gone downhill. The overall experience is that of chaos and mediocre food, at best. I really hope they get their stuff together or they will be yet another failed Italian restaurant in New Orleans. 
Also, don't bother coming here without a reservation. Even WITH a reservation you will be lucky to be seated in less than 30 minutes.Sadly the owners changed the name to Fats and I haven't been since. They also no longer serve pizza which is also a big let down so they lost a star even though the rest of the food should be the sameHad another fantastic dinner at the "blast from the old days" Italian restaurant. Many traditional items on the menu.  Tonight we had lasagna & spaghetti with meat sauce. We also split a chop salad. All excellent! We went down the block to Brocato's for dessert gelato as many customers do here. A pleasant evening.Very good family style Italian. I had the chicken marsala and that was the very best marsala sauce i've ever had. Very casual and great for families or large parties.Venezia is a solid, classic Italian restaurant with a family-owned atmosphere that is more or less off the tourist map in a good way. As a local, it seems like I see someone I know every time I go there. 
The room itself is no-frills, and the entrance is a little awkward since there's not enough room for a hostess stand or anything, but a hostess will find you and put you on the list when it's busy, and it usually is. Sometimes, when there's a wait, I like the option of eating at the bar. You can't go wrong with their classic Italian dishes. I actually love the cheapest option on the menu, spaghetti and meatballs for $11.95. You can't go wrong with the chicken or eggplant parmesan, either.We've been here for 2 + hours.... Yikes...  old school strategy of the waiters doing EVERYTHING is ridiculous, inefficient and it doesn't work.  All this in a freezing uncomfortable environment.  Food was ok not hot needless to say.After waiting 45 minutes and hearing how great the place was I guess my expectation was set high. Unfortunately it was way below. I ordered the eggplant parm and asked the server to have them go light on the cheese. He said no they can't do that because they make it all in advance in a big pan. I said fine just give me spaghetti but some little terrible voice inside my head fought off my better judgment and told me to switch back. I figured I could just scrape off the cheese. Another person ordered that too. The food came out quick and I was so hungry. I took the first bite and was like wtf did I just put in my mouth? It tasted like mushy bread. Figured it was maybe just a bad bite so I take another, nope it tasted awful. The consistency was that of bread pudding or homemade stuffing. I asked the friend who ordered it and she said "it's got a very weird texture". Yeah you aren't kidding. I'm a trooper though and I really tried, after the fifth bite and lots of picking to even find some semblance of eggplant I gave up. I figured I'll just eat the spaghetti, that was alright til I saw a hair hanging off the spaghetti I twirled around my fork. Oh well I'm done. Everyone said there food was just "meh". I guess the place has gone downhill or they were  having an off night. I'm not going back to find out. There's too many great restaurants here to waste my time after a bad experience.I've been here a few times and the food is good. Went at a crazy time for September 13th so it was crazy outside with tattoo craze but calm yet busy inside the restaurant. 
Started with the Caprese Salad, meatballs and fried calamari. All was yummy but although the calamari was cooked to perfection it didn't have a lot of flavor. Overall the food was delightful.
Service was good too. No complaints. I would return.Caprese salad was dynamite!
Atmosphere was romantic!
Pizza was yummy!
Service was good.
Parking was a little hard.
Definitely would come back! 
True authentic italians!We shared the pizza pie and it was incredible! First time here and we loved everything about this place. I highly recommend.I have been going to Venezia's for many years. Always happy. But went last night and i was served a steak on a broken plate Ok accidents happen. But i called the waitress and sent the steak back. She went to kitchen and brought out the same steak on a new plate. Needless to say i refused the steak. She said another steak would take a long time .  Evidently they expose their plates to high temps. If so they should be stainless steel plates for those hot ovens. Also no one knew the dangers of eating food on a broken plate or cared. I explained the dangers to the waitress and she said sorry. Now i am hoping i do not get sick from eating off the broken plate as I took several bites before i noticed the broken plate. The restaurant was totally irresponsible in response to this situation. I write this as I hope they will correct this so no one will get ill from eating broken glass. Totally careless on their part.Very good Italian restaurant!  We got the House Special Salad, Lasagna and Chicken Supreme.  All were delicious and good sized portions.  It was a nice atmosphere and the service was equally good.The food at Venezia's is fantastic (4-stars), but my three stars are towards the seating process and service. My first mistake for dining at Venezia Restaurant is that I made reservations for Friday evening - terrible choice! If you hungry and expect to eat at or close to your reserved time slot, ya better pack a snack. Oh, and the host area is at the middle of the restaurant, not up front like traditional restaurants. So if this is your first time dining there, you'll have to make your way to the bar area because no one will welcome you; at least on busy Friday evenings. The service for such a New Orleans gem is surprisingly below standards. Seating, I'm still confused. While I'll still enjoy Venezia, I'm going to do carry out as opposed to spending a terrible dining experience. Happy dining!Very dirty, slow service, and the food is not good. (Possibly Prego or Ragu)  That said the pizza is pretty good but go somewhere else for Italian.I love that it was slamming busy upbeat and cheerful 10 minutes to close the bartender had excellent recommendations for me and I couldn't wait to order the calamari that I had come for to to reminisce times of ordering this with my father. It was a tough day and I haven't been here before and I wanted to throw my laptop in the trash it was acting so slow. Don't ask. Website developing. Thank goodness for a great meal in the works.
Omg they were right on that feakin cannelloni. So rich and addicting. I don't taste the spinach but who cares it's the cream and the veal and the smooth, simple red sauce that did me in. Simplicity is key. There's spec's of Parmesan and you can taste the herbs and complexity and heartiness of this dish. Completely recommend. I was turned off a bit when hearing crepes because I think delicate, but if you're hungry this is it. Loved it and very nice.Better than it looks! You're welcome! Went back for 2nd visit. I'll be back again soon for pizzaTraditional neighborhood Italian with some unique menu items as well.
Was at Venezia with a business colleague in need of a quick lunch. Even though the place was bustling, the very experienced waitress was nonetheless cheerful, helpful, and quick with service.
Read more reviews for what I believe are consistently rendered opinions on Venezia. Hence you definitely should visit. I'll definitely be back.
The entrees chosen by my colleague and I were very similar: He the Chicken Supreme and I the Veal Supreme. I found the shrimp and crawfish in dill sauce absolutely succulent as toppings to the veal, but must say found the meat itself tasting stale, almost as if it had been in the freezer too long. The manner in which it was breaded and cooked caused it to seem brittle as well.
The spaghetti served on the side is very enjoyable if you prefer a savory sauce to a sweet one, which I do. A passable starter salad is served with entrees, mine was delivered with the wrong dressing on top, an error about which I didn't complain but which contributes to a diminished level of praise from the others on Yelp.
Parking is a pain, for sure.Fabulous service, fabulous food, fabulous drinks..... Very authentic.  The door man Rob was a wonderful host and had wonderful welcoming energy!Best Italian restaurant in New Orleans!!!!
Rob and Nick are fantastic!!!
Go eat here!
Its like being in Venice!This is hands down the best Italian in the city. My boyfriend and I make a point to come here every time we come to New Orleans because it exceeds our expectations. The small restaurant stays busy, so I would recommend making a reservation just to ensure you get a table. 10/10 come here!!!!Hands down the BEST lasagna and spaghetti we've ever had! We were in the mood for something quiet and delicious and this place was it. Its about 8 minutes from all the craziness of Bourbon street, tiny little place that we'd honestly miss if we walked past it. But I am so glad we picked it! The portions were perfect and the food was everything we hoped it would be. The service was also wonderful from beginning to end.We ate dinner here last night. Two couples, had a cocktail, that was fully charged, while studying the menu.  We all had a salad and soup, both were good. Then 2 of us got a fish dish, I got eggplant Vatican, and the other got stuffed shells. All the dishes were quite good. I was a little disappointed with our pasta side dishes, they probably started out great, but they sat under the heat lamp too long.  We'll go again but try to pick a time when they're not swamped. I found it to be an old time great N. O. Italian restaurant, clean, reasonably priced, good menu, and bar.Awesome simple old school Italian cute little place. I'm a snob from east coast little Italy food and this place is very authentic and non gimmicky. Food is awesome, i think i brought my chicken parm home and ate it like two more days. Best non_expensive Italian and a treat when you get so sick of  overspiced nola food. Decor was plain, fine with me.This place is New Orleans' best kept secret for real Italian food. The food is always delicious and worth the wait. I've eaten here many times and never gotten a bad meal. There are real Italian people working in the kitchen!Get the fish almandine.  Trust me on this!  The Italian dishes are great but I love the fish entree.  Salty, crunchy deliciousness!  Service is always great and this past Sunday we really enjoyed ourselves.  Great little neighborhood spot for locals and out of town visitors.David and I popped in here, as I had always heard raves about this classic Italian spot.
I hadn't made reservations when we were here early on a Saturday. I would definitely recommend reservations, because although we were seated immediately, if we had been here an hour later, there would have been a wait. We were seated at a cozy corner table and looking over the menu, I knew what I wanted immediately.
We started with an order of mozzarella sticks that came with tasty marinara sauce for dipping. For my entree, I got the chicken supreme- fried chicken topped with a rich crawfish sauce. This dish was incredible- it was very rich and flavorful and, while it was probably odd to order something like this at an Italian restaurant, it was prepared beautifully. It also came with a side of pasta a red sauce, which I thought was a nice touch.
David had the lasagna and enjoyed that as well, so that might be a good pick if you're looking for something more authentically Italian.We always enjoy a lunch visit to this old-line New Orleans family restaurant. Sometimes we opt for pizza, other times the veal cannelloni -- both are particular favorites. We enjoy taking out-of-town friends here for a simple but delicious Italian meal.This little Italian restaurant is simply the BEST! My boyfriend and I eat here all the time. We order the spaghetti and meatballs and cheesy garlic bread every time we come and it is delicious. The portions are generous so we split it. I have also had the chicken parmesan, too. It is also delicious!!! The staff is always friendly and quick!! 5 out of 5 stars every timeProbably my favorite italian restaurant. For an appetizer the eggplant sticks are great. The pizza is very good. I also like the trout almondine. Service is really great and it is a great place to bring the family.The best veal parmigiana ever! Cutlets and breading seasoned properly. Excellent red sauce and al dente cooked angel hair pasta. Delicious!!! The best lettuce wedge with blue cheese dressing,bacon and tomatoes. Delicious!!! Excellent garlic bread as well. This was a fitting dinner to celebrate my birthday. Also a delightful end of a long weekend visiting with our son-in-laws family. With my Italian ethnicity this is truly great Italian-American food! The waitstaff and manager very attentive to our dining experience.My wife has been wanting to try this place for a long time and decided to do so today.
The menu has a variety of dishes to order...
Spaghetti and meatballs
Seafood dishes
Salads
Poboys
A ton of Italian dishes
And daily specials.
I had the crawfish pasta special, it had crawfish mixed with Alfredo sauce.  My wife had the fried veal with crawfish sauce and noodles.  She loved her food and I thought mine was okay.
As for the service, it was great.  Our drinks stayed full and we were checked on frequently.
Hope to come back again and try something else that I might enjoy more.  I have no choice, the wife wants to go back soon.  lolTo start, service was Excellent. We were seated immediately and the server was polite and prompt. It was a Thursday afternoon so I tried the Double Cut Pork, which was the Special of the Day. An absolute Excellent Choice. The Pork Chop came out Sizzling on the plate like a Petite Filet Steak. Butter dripping and popping so had to hold up my napkin so the butter would not pop on to my White Shirt. After waiting a few minutes I took my first bite and I have never experienced a Pork Chop to be so tender and seasoned so tastefully. After the first bite the rest is history. My recommendation would be the Double Cut Pork over anything else.
Also , the Bar looks to be well stock and the Italian music made it a pleasant atmosphere. to the owner.Maybe I had gone on the wrong night (Friday), because it tasted so terrible. The wait was long of course and just blah. The pizza finally came, nice and hot. I took a bite and wanted to throw it. Tasted like cafeteria pizza. The dough and the sauce were a totally miss! Will not be back. Sorry.Better than it looks! You're welcome! Went back for 2nd visit. I'll be back again soon for the pizza.  
3rd trip for that spaghetti and meatballs. 
I keep promising to try something other than spaghetti and meatballs but every time I get there I want it! Doh!O M G! The house special pizza!!! It's fantastico! Then go next door to Angelo Bracato's for Zuppe Inglese gelato! Moto bene! Bellisima!!Classic Italian restaurant with good food, but the service/ambiance is lacking in many ways.
There's nothing inventive about the food, but that's fine. It's classic marinara dishes served in all of the traditional ways.  The chicken parmesan tastes exactly like you think it should. The pizzas are good in a very generic way. 
We kept having to flag down a server as they appear to only come out when they have food to bring to you. 
It's a white tablecloth kind of place. Everyone else in the restaurant appears to come here twice a week. It appears to draw in old school Nola residents, but without having to be creative at all. 
All in all, if I'm craving Italian, it may make the list. But nothing worth going out of your way for on a regular basis.As soon as I hit The Big Easy this year, I picked up one of my native friends and off we went to Veneiza.  This entire area of New Orleans is loaded with great hot spots for outstanding New Orleans cuisine and Veneiza surely qualifies as one of them.  I was just so happy to walk into this old school establishment to see the wait staff in black and white with bow ties and the dreamy Venetian art work on the walls that included several gondolas.
Our waiter was a very nice young man that was kind enough to explain the menu to me and did a very good job of taking care of us.   We started with the crab and shrimp stuffed mushrooms.  Huge shrooms, loaded with crab meat and shrimp and lightly topped with some kind of cheese and a creamy house dill sauce.  For the main course, my friend had one of the signature house dishes known as "Seafood Vatican".  A huge half of a deep fried egg plant stuffed full of oysters, shrimp, crab, and crawfish.  It was served with a side order of Fettuccine Alfredo and it looked delicious.   I had the soft shell crab supreme with a side of pasta with olive oil and garlic.  They serve the crab as well as several other dishes, four different ways.  It is your choice to go plain, almondine, supreme, and a fourth way that I can not remember at this point.  Now the "supreme" way is that my soft shell crab was smothered in crawfish and the  creamy dill sauce that was just out of this world. For dessert we decided to order a pizza to go.  We had them load it up with cheese, crawfish, sausage, ham, onion, and mushrooms.  It was a perfectly cooked New York style, thin crust pizza, that left me feeling like I wanted to belt out two verses of New York New York!   My friend and I enjoyed the entire experience and I give this restaurant four huge New Orleans Yelp stars.Hidden Italian gem in NOLA!  I had a craving for spaghetti with meat sauce and this place did not disappoint.  We had spinach and artichoke dip for an appetizer.  It comes with toasted pita triangles and was pretty good.  My friend got lasagna and loved it.  And my spaghetti was like some homemade goodness!  I don't normally like spaghetti at restaurants but so glad I tried it here, definitely recommend if spaghetti is your thing!The food is great. Great pizza great steak surprisingly. Service is ok depending on who you get but reservations are a joke. They appear to have absolutely no strategy when booking their tables and don't really care. The consistently run a minimum of a half hour behind time.It is not fancy, there are no frills. But it is what it is: Southern Italian cuisine. Go anywhere on the East Coast ... and this is what you get. Sauce, meatballs, cheese. Do not go here expecting Besh, Link, or Prudhomme. Go here for chicken marsala, veal parmigiana, and manicotti. But please, above all else, order the cannelloni.I know that I'll probably take some heat for this review, but I think this place is just ok.  The food is decent, but nothing extraordinary.  I know it is an iconic New Orleans place, but the last few times that I have gone, the wait was over an hour and the food seemed more like that of a lunch place rather than a finer restaurant.  I had the special salad last time, and it was just ok. I usually get the chicken parm, and the last few times, it was really lacking in flavor and dripping with more sauce than I could have ever needed.  The service is always good, but I just want more from the food.House special pizza is soooo good. Their old fashion and Manhattan are also good and cheap! Highly recommend!Venezia's is mouth-watering from the time you walk in the door. Although you usually have to wait for a table, your wait time diminishes as you focus on the smells of the different dishes being delivered to the tables.
The portions are large and the chatter is loud but well-received as it is the mark of a true New Orleans restaurant.
When I was younger we always ordered the pizza. However, my favorite these days is the Paneed Veal served with a side of fettucine alfredo. You can tell that the alfredo is made in-house because its rich taste and thick texture sticks to each noodle. 
The veal is thick and well-battered.
Service is consistent and quick and drinks are never empty.
My boyfriend had lasagna which was a slice of cheesy heaven.
My sister had meatballs and spaghetti and the meatballs were very tender and well-seasoned. 
They were so tender and fell apart reminding me of my Aunt Betty's meatballs.Love the restaurant always order the spaghetti and Italian sausage. Tonight it wasn't the same.I don't know who they're getting their Italian sausage from now, but it's definitely not the sam
This is the second time I have come  to the restaurant and they haven't made any Italian sausage. We were told that he's making it himself now. This is the only reason I come here to get the Italian sausage and spaghetti and  I have been disappointed. I wonder what they tell people that called for pizzas and one Italian sausage. Seems like they should go back to getting it from where they did beforeNew Orleans offers many a good to great restaurant. Venezia is one of them. Very old school and family friendly. It's been a New Orleans institution of decades. Just a half block from Brocatto's ice cream shop - another institution.
It is not the food that prompted this review. The best restaurants focus on the front of the house. Great food can be ruined by bad service. Venezia provides outstanding service. I recently bought dinner for a family who had come to town before one of them had major surgery. Rob did more than just help me. He set everything up and gave everyone his personal attention. Rob is a real pro, and he is a major asset for Venezia. Rob is encouraging customer loyalty. You can't ask the front of the house for more than that.I went on a date here and it is divine.  We started out with Fried Mozzarella, which was average as expected.  I got the Veal Cannelloni and--oh my gosh--that first bite was incredible.  It's been about three months since I've been and I am still dreaming about it.  My date got the lasagna, which was also delicious.  A nice, old-school Italian place with simple but pleasant ambiance, great service, and even better food.  Bonus for being right near Brocato's--go get an ice cream and espresso after!My 8 yr old proclaimed it was the best pizza he's ever had. He's a pizza connoisseur, so this is a big deal But for real, their pizza is really good.I've been to Venezia's hundreds of times growing up. The food is classic New Orleans Italian. Many of the dishes are great and I especially enjoy their pizza. Everything is very greasy. If that's what you are looking for, Venezia's is the place to go. 
However, I'm never going back. We went last night with a party of twelve. When we unrolled the napkins holding our silverware, we noticed at least one piece in each roll was disgustingly dirty. And I'm not talking about water spots. We had forks and knives covered with old dried food. We saw red sauce on a couple, spinach or some other green vegetable on quite a few, and most had an oily substance that even stained the napkins. Now I can understand if the occasional knife goes through the dishwasher and retains some remnants of food. But this was on almost every one of the 12 place settings. And think about it, someone had to individually roll these filthy utensils in the napkins. 
When we pointed it out the the very young waitress, she seemed annoyed as she scooped them all up and brought them to the kitchen to be re cleaned. I especially liked her comment that this happens all the time which I assumed was an attempt to be reassuring. 
I will truly miss this New Orleans icon of a restaurant. I can only hope that it goes through a management change soon and "cleans up" its act.Appetizer- fried eggplant 
Entrees-Chicken parm is fantastic, Lasagna is great, Steak is fantastic.
Its casual and friendly.From an Italian gal who only eats my grandmothers red gravy this is my only exception.   Everything is authentic. Sweet homemade marinara and everything is covered in cheese.  House special pizza is the way to go. Anything on the menu is awesome. But for dessert walk (almost) next door to the italian bakery.If you ever wondered what dining in New Orleans was like during the 50s or 60s all you need to do is visit Venezias restaurant on Carrollton at Canal. They've been serving the same food since I was born no I'm not gonna tell you how old I am but I'm older than dirt. Back in the old day I it was definitely my mafia connected and still may be for that matter. The pizza is incredible the steaks are divine and the red sauce is the best I've had since Tony's spaghetti house in the 50s and 60s on Bourbon Street. Bring friends and reserve the big table in the back behind the bar it's private drink a lot of wine and have a wonderful timeI've loved this restaurant for 20+ years. This is the first time we've done takeout from here and they completely nailed it. Not all restaurants, even great ones, can manage good takeout but this one has. Our family of 6 (including 4 kids ages 10-15) ordered the stuffed mushrooms, cannelloni, fettucine alfredo w/chicken, spaghetti & meatballs, ceasar salad, and mozzarella sticks (we were hungry). *Everything* was good. The mushrooms were absolute perfection, and when we re-heated the leftover alfredo the next day, it didn't leave a pool of grease--just delicious, buttery, cheesy noodles. What a wonderful experience.Love that this place has survived the years and still offers up delicious Italian comfort dishes! Family type restaurant that's s favorite with locals.Venezia is the photo caption in Websters Dictionary for overrated. What a disappointment. The room, or rooms, there is a large front room and an equal sized back room. The back room contains the bar and additional seating. There is ZERO charm to the place. This place makes Olive Garden look like the Goomba's main meeting hall. The rooms are devoid of decoration, save for a few sparse pictures. It is white, barren of comfort, table clothes, and all too loud. There is no host stand. One enters the restaurant and stands their in the (front) middle of the dining room feeling very awkward. The place seems like a very low grade cafeteria. 
   The food was good. The Garlic bread the best I have had in New Orleans. The entrees were good, but certainly nothing to remember in culinary fondness. The wine list is an absolute embarrassment. Maybe a half dozen whites and a half dozen reds. I ordered the best wine on the list and it was mediocre. The hostess was very mice, the server fine. Price point is within reason. too little for its prestige, too much for the reality. 
   When in New Orleans, the southern faire is fantastic, the French usually reliable. Anything outside of this is almost always a disappointment and totally disheartening. Venezia encapsulates this. Three stars seems excessive, but lets stick with excessive as Venezia's is devoid of excess.I went to the Venezia Restaurant to sample their Bushaloni recipe in comparison to a couple of other recipes I had eaten at other restaurants. Along with a very charismatic experience, what I discovered is that no two recipes are alike.  There may be subtle differences in the various recipes, such as the amount of certain spices or seasonings, or the lack of, or either the addition of certain ingredients.  The name of the recipe may even be named differently and identified as bushaloni, brucioloni or braciole or braciolona.  But the general concept is sauted onion and bell pepper in oil to cover the bottom of a pot; add flour and mix well; add tomato paste and sauce, and other ingredients such as  garlic, parsley, oregano, bay leaf, sugar, salt and pepper. Simmer and stir in water. Place rolled steak in pot and cook for a coupe of hours.
Luckily,  some of this preparation obviously occurred before I arrived for lunch.  In the meantime, as I enjoyed a delightful free salad, waiting for my meal to be dished up, the symphonic string rendition of the musical score from the Francis Ford Coppola's Godfather trilogy, wafted in the air. I kept looking for Marlon Brando or Al Pacino to walk thru the door.  Perhaps fittingly, when my bushaloni arrived, covered in red sauce on a bed of spaghetti, thru the sound system came the theme from the spaghetti western, the Sergio Leone film "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" with Clint Eastwood, Lee Van Cleef & Eli Wallach. 
This bushaloni recipe was simply exquisite. The tender steak was rolled around a a flavorful bread crumb stuffing and a hard boiled egg.  The succulent sauce and the spaghetti was more than enough. But for me, the pinnacle of the event was the ambience.Update
We dined at Venezia earlier tonight and were disappointed.
This usually is a dependable southern Italian / Sicilian restaurant with great pizza.
Being a crowded Saturday evening, we opted for the soup de jour, the "House Special Pizza", and the Ceasar salad.
Soup, crabmeat & brie, was fine.  The standard Cesar salad was fine.
But, the "House Special Pizza" flopped,  The entire center of the pizza was sitting in a puddle of grease.  We have had this pizza a dozen or so times, it has always been very good before.
So, I say; try Venezia, just not on Saturday nights !
RickThis place is very old school Italian. I love their fried eggplant appetizer and stuffed mushrooms appetizer to start. 
Your old favorite Italian dishes are on the menu. 
Chicken parmigiana, Lasagna, Spaghetti and Meatballs, and Cannelloni. 
The veal with crabmeat is divine. It comes with a side of pasta. 
The service was pretty good too.This was my FIL's favorite restaurant mostly I think because it was a throwback to the day's of his youth.  I still miss the pre-K more extensive menu, but I am enjoying their more contemporary specials (grilled tuna salad!)  The garlic bread is as flaky as ever and the stuffed mushrooms are to die for.Calimari was burnt. Came to our table with a strong odor I don't know why it was still served to us. Chicken parm was good but nothing extraordinary. A good atmosphere- not great service. Prices were cheaper than typical New Orleans fare though.I love Venezia, delicious New Orleans Italian food which is hard to come by. The pizza and chicken parm are fabulous. However, I was not a fan of their lasagna.This is one of the few great all-around Italian restaurants in the NOLA area. For dine in it used to have a very familial feel, but had done a great job adapting to COVID and now enforces all social distancing guidelines as advised. 
Enjoyed the calamari as an appetizer along with a shared pepperoni pizza (we've had takeout pizza and it is probably second best locally only to Pizza Delicious). The entrees are appropriately priced for Italian fare and the chicken Parm is my go-to. Great reviews also on the lasagna, stuffed shells, and veal Parmesan.This place is spot on. I don't believe there is a bad item on the menu as we have had most of them. Sunday lunch was a house special pizza and large house special salad. They were both amazing. Fresh and on point.I've been hearing about this restaurant and it was our first time there. The wait was a little longer than normal and it seemed as if they had regulars they sat before us, which doesn't seem fair but whatever. Waitress was in a very big rush. Not that we want much attention but enough to fill up our waters/drinks. The bread was good. Just French bread and their spinach artichoke dip on top. Calamari was okay. Not too seasoned. Caesar salad was like warm, which is not what I liked but the chicken on top was good. Chicken parm was thin and a little dried for my taste. No pictures because silly me forgot my phone. Probably won't go back until I've tried other places to compare.Should have gone to Olive Garden. Got there on time for a reservation but had to wait for a table to open. We waited outside for 30 minutes, so we ended up leaving since they didn't have a table even after making a reservation days before. 
The bar across the street had a nice chicken parm sandwich though!I am convinced that this is where my wife's family issued orders for cement shoes for those who crossed the Italian side of her family.  Apart from that, Venezia is a favorite that you really can't go wrong with.  Be prepared to do a little searching for a parking spot on Carrollton which may take you a few trips around the block  if you don't get here early.
Chicken Parmesan = sleeping away the rest of the day.  The portion is huge, the chicken is perfect then they put these huge slices of cheese on top!  If you like garlicky meatballs then try the meatball poboy but be prepared to pop a few mints afterwards.  The Italian sausage is good too.
The servers are down home N'awlins Yats with the talk and demeanor to go with it.  It makes you feel at home especially if you are married to the mob like me.
Venezia is one of those establishments that can turn into a habit if you are not careful.  Your taste buds will thank you for going but your arteries might not.First time here.. drove in from Dallas Friday night wanted a pizza decided to stop for a pizza to go. Got the Pepperoni, Sausage, Mushrooms and Artichoke.. it was amazing..Very athletic Italian place when you walk in you know it's going to be good.  I had the veal parmigiana with spaghetti very good.  Caesar salad and special house salad are must eat along with the mozzarella sticks amazing.Wow, just wow. Been eating here for years and it's always been great but have a look at the way my pizza came tonight! Honestly can't have enough wonderful things to say about this place over the year. I've never had a meal that was less than stunning. Trying to contact the restaurant for some credit as this is not how they do business but darn dudes, get it togetherThe absolute worst experience I have ever had in New Orleans. Maybe ever. We ran down a host - totally unorganized- and our name was written down. Told wait less than an hour. Watched dozens of people leave and then noticed lots of people coming after us and going in and being seated.  I went in to ask - again nobody at the hostess stand - looked at list and saw two columns. Host came up finally and took another's name. I noticed it was written on the left side of the list and ours was on the right with names still above us, but no one else outside waiting.  Seems they must have two lists with locals getting seating privileges ahead of others. Watched group of four who just walked in and ordered at bar get greeted by a man who took their plates and seated them.  We left. I will NEVER cross that threshold againCindi was great! We came in with a large party in a last minute reservation and she treated us amazingly! Service and atmosphere were awesome. Great pizza!Went for the classic Pizza and Italian Salad.  Always delicious and the staff very attentive.  We tried the House Special Pizza
It was topped with pepperoni , sausage, mushroom and artichoke hearts, I loved it.  If you want good Italian good and not over priced go to Venezia'sFriendly family friendly Italian restaurant. This place smells amazing upon walking in. Roasted garlic and cheese. We came to spend a gift card and so we ordered enough to feed an army and was happy. we ordered the veal cannelloni. The dish was hot, portion size was large, and they had plenty of flavor. we also ordered the chicken parmesan. Same with the cannelloni, large portion etc. We got the side of garlic cheese bread which was really good. And we got a large pizza to go. The pizza was great and re heats well. Try this place out for a local Italian eatery.We came here last night for dinner.  We called a head of time for reservations. 7 plus a baby.  We get there 10 minutes to 7 and almost waited an hour.  Also, the hostess said we weren't on the list.  It was packed in there.  Very unorganized.  The food was delicious, but took a very long time to come out.  We didn't leave until almost 9pm.  Poorly managed and I am hoping this gets corrected, bc I'd love to go back.Best steak i've ever had. Great clean environment. They're on my top 5 list. Loved it.The eggplant Parmesan was tasty. My 2-year old loved it. I ordered to go and arrived to pick up my order when it was scheduled to be ready. The food was cold. Presentation not very appealing either. The staff was nice.I was brought there by a friend and the food was excellent. The pasta was perfect and the seafood and steaks are a wonderful treat that you usually do not see in an Italian restaurantThis was my first time visiting Venezia, I was dissatisfied with the food and service.
called in a to-go order on 12/30/21. The woman who took my order was pleasant and said that my food would be ready in 45min. When I arrived to Venezia, I was unsure where to pick up my order, none of the waiters or workers assisted me. I stopped one woman the ask, where I could pick up my order, she stated that she was new and was unsure, but suggested the bar. I went to the bar and requested my food. She was nice, but the the other workers to all but walk on you with the small space. I felt very uncomfortable and un-welcomed at this restaurant. When I received my pizza it was room temperature. 
I will not return nor recommend it to anyone I know, for reason they might be treated the same.Honestly, what can be said about Venezia that hasn't been said already?
Oh yeah, OSSA BUCCO BABY!! This is a dish, served on Friday, and Saturdays until it is gone. It is sublime in its beauty, grace and robust Italian goodness.
If you haven't tried Venezia, do yourself a favor and do so. 
The Pie is AMAZING, and by Pie, I mean what southerners call Pizza.
The Wedge Salad, with home made blue cheese dressing, bacon, tomatoes and blue cheese crumbles.. Well, Martha, we have a Winner!
True, old school italian, and prices, such a bargain..Love their pizza, garlic cheese bread, and mozarella sticks. I'm not a big fan of red sauce but theirs is delish.The food is really good. I love the veal parm, it's the best Italian food restaurant in new orleans.