Scratching my head on the reviews for this one.  My wife and I went there to eat the great po boys.   The place looks bad.  When you walk in you see it is very cramped.  There were two people behind the register smoking and they looked like they didn't want to be there.  We went to the back and was about to order the po boys.  My wife saw a roach on the floor and said lets get out of here.  We left fast past the large signs that stated... cash only...  forget this place folks.Stopped in based on the recommendation of someone and got the all that jazz. Very tasty and the sandwich is massive. Only deducting a star because they only take cashNever even imagined to get the best oyster Po boy in New Orleans from the little, somewhat shady-looking corner deli. The oyster Po boy was amazing, and the sauce was very tasty. It's also HUGE! It possibly is bigger than my pillow ;) 
There were like close to a dozen oysters on my Po boy. Yum!This place is run by some of the most incredible people I have ever dealt with. My wife and I were driving in on a Sunday night/Monday morning after covering a soccer tournament in Atlanta. I called them Sunday afternoon to order food to be delivered to our hotel when we got to New Orleans. I spoke to a sweet young lady named Tanya who cheerfully took my order and said it would be ready to be delivered when we got to our hotel. We got to our hotel at 3:10 am........yes I said 3:10 am. The gentleman who answered the phone knew all about our order and said it would be there in fifteen minutes. The delivery guy was there at 3:30 am sharp. On top of the great service, the sandwiches were EPIC!!!!! From now on.......this place is our first stop when we hit New Orleans. They are good people with old school service and quality!!!This place is really a diamond in the rough...
Whoever thought the back of a run-down corner market would have the best mufalettas, lasagna and stuffed potato!Great food. Got the fried shrimp po boy dressed. It's huge so we split it. But the bread is so light that you can easily eat both halves if you're hungry.From the looks of the little shop you wouldn't think that they served amazing sandwiches. I am definitely happy we stopped. We split an All that jazz sandwich (it was ginormous) and it was delicious. We are only here five days and will most likely be stopping in for another sandwich before we leave.This place is the bomb, like everyone say it is. The bread is not the traditional French bread but with sesame on it. Even better, service is quick. Remember cash only. I had the Royal with their WOW sauce. I got a to go menu. I can try other stuff...yummyNew Orleans Loooooossssiiiiiiiaaaaannnaaaaaa! I love this frrkkn town. Ya know? This is one deliciously sordid place ya'll this NOLA place ya'll and I just gotta tell ya.... That there is a spiritual side to this town. It lives past the neon voodoo wampus wild ruckus and the over-the-top Bourbon experience and the spirit lives on the quiet streets where there is a late night hush. And you walk, and walk and the city streets if you listen.. yes these streets WILL talk. 
Absinthe in a plastic cup and I wander and listen and there is a beauty here and even if I may be alone when I am walking in Nawlin's I am never really alone. Each home I pass has its own story and I write the lines of the lives of those who live there although I do not know them. And the streetlights reflect the rainbow oil from the glistening streets of that old devil time pushin' the hands towards 2 am. Ya feel me?
And then upon the darkened streets of walk walk walk I see the glowing lights of Verti Marte appear out of the dark as a shimmering mirage and there is life here! Traffic! Beer and FOOD! Oh what could await here?
I'll tell you oh fellow hungry travelers of the sleepless night. This is the power lift of a the POBOY sammich family made just to soothe the savage beast that is YOUR friendly neighborhood Madman:
Royal Feast for ONLY $10.00 !!!! Grilled Roast Beef, Turkey and Ham, topped with Hot Pepper Jack Cheese, black Olives,grilled Mushrooms and WOW sauce. On French Only.
HOHOHO! HOT DAMN brothas and sistas this is ONE MORE DAMN LATE NIGHT RELIGIOUS EXPERIENCE! ROYAL FEAST BABY! DO YOU HEAR? With a tall cool can of DIXIE LAGER. The WOW sauce is frrkkn stupid good!!
The folks that run this place late at night are really good sports too. This place is an oasis in the middle of lonely night... But patrons beware... the streets in the vicinity are haunted.  Ole' Nick Cage is known to float about with his unruly self doing that bad Elvis Presley impersonation for every character he has ever portrayed onscreen including himself. LUV YA NICK! JUST FUNNIN"!. If I see ya..hey! Dixie Lager on me! Just between us though Nick... How did you totally blow it with Priscilla Presley ? WTH? Wasn't she the ultimate Elvis collectible? 
NEVERMIND! Verti Marte is the stop to make when you are late night culture vulture aspiring. Just watch out for the local "haints". HINT: Some are still living so beware!
Verti Marte. You can actually eat the NOLA culture in this place. Everything is good. And if Patsy Cline and I were walking after midnight, I know we would end up here.I recommend the All That Jazz poboy to everyone visiting the city lookong for an awesome meal. It's loaded with shrimp, cheese, meat and sauce. The BEST!Hey Nick, what's that spot on your shirt?
Oh... that... definitely not drool.
So, um... why did you drool on yourself?
Oh, you know... powerhouses and all that jazz.
Do we need to make a visit to a mental health professional?
Would he be willing to commit me... to the Verti Marte?
Yes Nick, anything you say. 
As it turns out, I was not committed to the Verti Marte... I just ended up there at least once a day. The food was the best. The food was the cheapest. The walk across the French Quarter to get there was needed to burn off a fraction of the calories consumed there. 
Treat yo self: Verti Marte.this is the best place in the Quarter to get your poboy fix. it's cash only and sometime the line can be long but definitely worth the wait. try the oyster poboy!A hidden gem tucked away on Royal st. Good food, delivers, and always open. Call ahead if you're in a hurry. The kitchen staff could be friendlier, though.Forget your diet...Shrimp po boy dressed on French. Bring a friend it is a huge sandwich. No seating, you are getting your food to go.All That Jazz a must try for anyone who visits the Big Easy... we had it twice in four days.  They even deliver and was a great addition to our UW vs. LSU tailgate up in Baton Rouge, do not miss!I work in the quarter and i order from Verti Marte. I love the crab cakes and meatloaf. The mash potatoes are awesome. I cant wait to try everything else :)Doesn't look like anything special from outside but this deli is LEGIT.  They've got a deli case full of entrees and they make some phenomenal sandwiches.   We grabbed some beers and our sandwiches and headed over to the park. Everything was great.  The staff was also friendly, patient and quick!Our typical stop is for po' boys at Verti Marte. Locals find it weird we know about the place, as its unassuming facade and confined space looks like nothing an out-of-towner would want to venture into for food. Moving past the cramped shelves to the back counter we placed our orders. My favorite is a shrimp and oyster po' boy, but others like the "All That Jazz" featuring grilled shrimp and mushrooms in Creole mustard with ham, turkey, Swiss & American cheese, tomato and "wow" sauce.  This is take-out only, so we just eat it on the curbs and stoops surrounding the place.
For the full review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/Verti Marte has been my go-to when it comes to where should I get my po-boy when visiting New Orleans. 
Last time I was here it was around lunch time and it was very much your typical deli rush, in-and-out, get out of the way type of scene. However, this past time I came through it was a little earlier and my girlfriend and I got to talk to some of the employees and they were really nice! The cashier went above and beyond to ensure that we ordered our sandwiches correctly and were getting what we wanted. 
I went for the traditional fried shrimp po-boy but my friends swear by the all that jazz.Verti Marte makes THE best fried shrimp po boy!!!  You get lots of crispy fried shrimp served on a large, crusty, seeded french roll, dressed with ripe, juicy tomato slices, crunchy lettuce, and deliciously spicy mayo.  Hot damn!Open late night and a good place to go if you need some food after a night at the clubs. Tasty philly cheesesteak and jambalaya FTW! No atmosphere to speak of. It looks like a gas station on the inside.This place is a total hole in the wall. But amazing find!! Ordered the "all that Jazz" sandwich and let me tell you, it was to die for. I am allergic to mushrooms and had to order it without them, but the sandwich was still amazing! Probably best meal I've had in NOLA so far. So happy to have found this gem.Wow. The Jazz & Ernie's Powerhouse. Each bite is its own experience. I'm so glad a kind local told us where we could get a great sandwich. Perfection.I'm not a huge meat eater, but i tried the All That Jazz and it was absolutely delicious. Can split between 3 people! couldn't finish a half!Amazing Po-Boy! We enjoyed the "All that Jazz". At the cooks suggestion we shared it between 2 and thank goodness for that! It might be cash only but there is an ATM in store.The food is awesome and cheap. However, late night delivery is not very reliable. I have tried (keyword tried) to get delivery from here twice and never got my food. Conclusion, the food is delicious but it would probably benefit your hungry tummy to go in and pick it up rather than trying to have it delivered.If I had a 24 hour deli in my neighborhood like this I would be in trouble! This place has a million options from deli sammies to omelets. They make it fresh while you wait in the tiny store. I got an All That Jazz which was $12 and giant! It had ham, turkey, and shrimp with cheese, mushrooms, lettuce and some sauce. I had the sandwich for breakfast before leaving NOLA, and then again for lunch on my layover. Definitely worth the price! 
Don't be turned away by the plain exterior because my sandwich was amazing.The All That Jazz is one of the greatest PoBoys in a city of amazing food. If you're staying in the FQ they deliver. They can deliver a bottle of booze, smokes, a poboy and a bag of Zappa with a Barq's. A must visit!Just order the 'All That Jazz' and you'll understand what a five star po-boy means. Tiny little corner market with a deli that only takes cash but it is well worth it. They are a bit pricy but the locals were not complaining.Went around lunch time while exploring the French Quarter.  Not much of a line I ordered the All that jazz and the wife had the Royal.  20 minutesseems to be the going rate on how long it takes to get your order here.  Took the monstrosities back to the hotel and chowed down.  The all that jazz was just ok.  My wife didnt care for the Royal at all.  This place had better bread than most places i went for por boys but it still wasnt that good (maybe ima.snob and used to NY bread)OMG!!  i randomly tried verti marte with my friends 3:00 the other morning and it was great, even the next day when i woke up to reheat the sandwich lol.. I had the "Ernie burger" just melts in your mouth. Its Must try when in new orleans areaUnbelievable po' boys. Prices are very fair. Zero ambiance, but its actually more of a corner market/convenience store, so I didn't expect anything decorative or romantic.  The staff are to-the-point and personable.  There is really nowhere to stand while you wait in the narrow aisles for your sandwich, especially if it is busy. We basically ate from here every night on our trip, even if we'd already had a "nice dinner" at a restaurant. (Yes, its that good. And open late for 2nd dinner!)  It is right across the street from the Lalaurie Mansion, so expect to see a tour group outside.  
I got the fried shrimp and oyster po' boy dressed most often.  We also got blackened shrimp dressed. Both wonderful.  Enough to pig out on or keep leftover for another meal. They also sell their excellent french bread and basic condiments in the shop, so we made our own po' boys back at the B&B stuffed with leftovers of a seafood plate from another restaurant we visited in Slidell.  On our way to the airport, we bought po' boys to take home for us and for friends. Still delicious after our 5 hour flight and made me want to jump on the first flight back to NOLA.Bomb ass tasty club sandwich custom made and pecan pie! So cheap and super friendly people who work there...open 24 7 I didnt kno rhisnplace was so good...after party snack must!Recently ate an All That Jazz, didn't seem to be as good as they were back in the mid 90's when I first discovered the place through some French actors who were staying across the street from the place. Best 24 hour deli in the city, though I must admit I haven't tried a few of the other places in the quarters. The service is hit or miss depending on the mood of the cooks, order takers and cashiers. They are in the Quarters open 24 hours a day dealing with god knows what so I give them a pass on surly attitudes. Usually they'll treat you nice one they get to know you.All that Jazz is the best sandwich in the city hands down! Order fresh food 24 hours a day! Order ahead! Tip the cook!Went back last year for the first time since the fire.  Looks great!  But I do miss its somewhat time-worn vibe.
But it's like they hired some SF or NY foodie douchebag as a consultant, 'cause the food seems to be fancied up where it didn't need to be (po' boys not on standard Leidenheimer bread; "dressed" included creole mustard, etc.).  Maybe some of this has to do with Ms. Theresa Shezbie passing away (peace and blessings be upon her and her son Derek from ReBirth).   And prices are up about a buck across the board.
Still gets 4 stars out of 5.  But it used to get 7 stars out of 5.  *sigh*Great spot to grab a sandwhich. They take orders over the phone and offer pick up and delivery (only in the quarter). I got the shrimp philly and it was awesome. This place is cash only by the way!I just moved to New Orleans, and I know I really ought to be exploring more and trying all it has to offer...but I just can't stop going to Verti Marte. I've even made it a personal goal to try every single thing on the menu. But I can't stop ordering the fucking shrimp philly. There's not much more to say here, really. Trust the reviews and hit it up.
Don't buy their overpriced groceries, though.
EDIT: I hate to do this, but I gotta share my experiences with Yelp. I've repeatedly been charged more than the listed price for sandwiches. I wouldn't complain about paying $12 (!) for a shrimp po' boy if I knew that's what I was paying. But you order for one price off the menu, and get an entirely other price when you're checking out. I guess they've raised their prices (a lot) and neglected to update their menu.
Leaving aside the fact that $12 is way too much for a sandwich from a deli (no matter how delicious), it's just in very, very poor taste to charge customers more than the listed price. I mean, c'mon. I've worked in the service industry and you don't do that. You just don't. Ever. The employees have been very nice about it and even hooked me up one time because they felt bad. And that deserves some good will. But I'm inclined to put up with the situation only so many times before I feel like going elsewhere, where I know I'm getting what I order. Verti Marte still gets three stars from me for unrivaled deliciousness, but I'm afraid they've lost me as a customer.
A couple other notes of interest:
Much of their meat is frozen. Delicious, but frozen.
There are no prices on any of their beer or wine, making it extremely difficult to shop for. The guys working will be happy to give you the price of anything, of course, but it's frustrating when you're looking for a good budget red. Not to mention that their alcohol prices aren't the best.
EDIT 2: Okay, they are still pulling this shit. And they're charging extra for cheese on sandwiches that come with cheese. And one of their employees is a total confrontational asshole. I swear I'd usually never write a review like this, but Verti Marte has legit broken my heart. Jerks.Okay food, horrible customer service. My husband ordered food while I hung outside, since it was small, guy told me not to stand by his motorcycle, so I moved inside then he yelled at me there. Food was average.A bit disappointed about the po-boys (both oysters and fried shrimp).  It's very homey feel, staff was very nice.  Poboy bread is not toasted.  Shrimp and oyster  fried nicely.  But, underwhelmed considering this was suggested by a local.WARNING !
The food is still good and the prices are right; BUT, the counter service has declined to the point that I'm not going back.  
The rudeness of the order-taker is now astronomical and he never gets the orders right any more.  
And worse, I  was threatened by a rude customer yesterday !
This is just too unpleasant to endure, no matter how good the food is !
Caveat Diner !
RickOkay... I've been coming to New Orleans for years and this is by far one of the best po-boys I have ever had. I won't even relay or suggest that it was because it was alcohol induced hunger... But this place is the real deal. There's literally over 50 sandwiches for you to pick and choose from and its range is wide! You can even get salads. The best part is that it's 24/7. I got the shrimp and oyster po boy and my friends, you can't go wrong. Why choose one of you can get both!!! Also, they are huge so share one, or don't, you won't regret this at all!!!!!!!!AHHHHHH-MAZING!! 
All that jazz! Worth the CHF. Worth the added water weight. Worth the calories. 
I was nervous about the shrimp thinking it may be a little fishy. But nope!!!! Perfect texture. Ooeygooey goddess of love. This is the king, lord, holy grail of sandwichesAfter loyally ordering for almost a year I can say a true 5 star Deli. 24 hour delivery of the best sandwiches in New Orleans. All that Jazz & Shrimp Philly for 2. Great fries and sides. Friendly people who answer your call and deliver. Need some sodas and Tylenol?  No problem. Tampons and whipped cream?  "We gotcha baby."  They can do no wrong.We found out about this place by accident. We were waiting in line at Cafe Du Monde when I bicycle delivery guy parked his bike next to us to deliver his cargo to employees at Cafe Du Monde. I read the receipt taped to the outside of the bags that were still on the bike and decided that if the locals were eating it, then it must be worth a try. They did not disappoint! The menu was extensive so it took me a while to decide on what to get. I got the fried oyster and shrimp sandwich and my boyfriend got the fried catfish sandwich. My mouth is watering whilst I am writing this review, as I am reminiscing about the flavor explosion. I am pretty sure that my boyfriend had an entire catfish on his sandwich, sans head and scales, I have never seen a fillet that huge! OMG both sandwiches were seasoned to perfection! I told all of my friends about this place when I returned to school. I am coming back here during mardi gras!The food at this place is easily 4 out of 5 stars. However the service is 0 out 10 stars for me. The only saving grace is the food and the older gentlemen at the cash register of the mini mart. The workers in the food section of the store seem to always have an attitude and come off like the customer is a burden. I'm definitely not asking for a coke and a smile when I'm ordering food but common courtesy goes a long way and their lack of customer service is the reason I will never support this place AGAIN! Support those who are appreciative of your dollars.Verti Marte, I love you but you're so hot and cold about delivering past Franklin Ave. some days you're enthusiastic about it, and on other days it's that one jerk who answers the phone and refuses to deliver to the marigny.Review for the deli:  Of all my personal friends, none had recommended Verti, but I still went based on the high reviews on Yelp... I've believe it's now become overly hyped based on the jacked up prices alone.  I had both the shrimp & oyster po' boy and the chicken fried steak on french bread.  The CFS was one of the best I've had and the shrimp n oyster po was good too, just not great.  My shocker was that each was $10+ ($23 with one water and tax).   Granted they are huge (you could buy one and be satisfied for 2 ppl) but with some shops offering similar for $5 - $7 and jazz fest po boys being $5, I didn't see the value here.   Didn't have hot sauce to go was another miss...  
The let me know they now close at 12 - no longer 24 hrs.   
BTW folks this is a bodega/corner grocery shop - you can also get your  condiments, wine, breads etc.I've asked him a half of the regular size and my request was denied.... In the end... I eat it all!What can I say. I go where the good food is and sometimes it's not all the prettiest but I've always said that the hole in the wall spots have the best food. Came here during Mardi Gras this year as it was suggested by my family as the best po-boys in town. I had the fried catfish po boy, others had the fried shrimp po boy and the turkey po boy with cheese. All of the sandwiches were excellent. Make sure you get the French bread also and whatever toppings you like?? Except to spend between $15-$30 for two sandwiches and a drink. Worth the price honestly. Also only cash is accepted so no debit/credit!! Also, it's a grab n go so no inside seating. I definitely endorse this place.This little hole in the wall place is EVERYTHING! I love all the sandwiches and the prices are perfect and they are so filling, there's no where to eat you have to take it to go. It's a tiny little market on the corner near the French quarter . 
Every time we go to NO we stop and get a sandwich or two! 
Stop in and check it out you won't regret it !I hate the wait at Verti Marte but I love the sandwiches. The muffalata is tall and briney, the "All That Jazz" is bacon and shrimp and cheese (I WANT ONE NOW), and  I would try everything they have if I lived in the French Quarter. If I go back any time soon, I'm getting bread pudding, a shrimp and oyster sandwich, and a side of broccoli casserole. 
***I enjoyed my experience because I am studying Buddhism and therefore have this personal mission to pursue patience. If you have patience issues, or a time issue, don't even go close to here. I'm not judging, I just know  you'll hate it.Definitely a hole in the wall. The deli is in the back. We called in our order, very very friendly service. **Cash only** I was told I just had to have a po boy before leaving Nola, so I went for it. We had the all that jazz po boy and their brisket plate. The po boy is super messy and super delicious. I wouldn't have stepped into this place but the locals talked it up and I'm glad I went. The brisket is also so soft but if I were to ever come back I'll try another sandwich.This spot was a total life saver! I truly would not have survived  a single night in NOLA without Verti Marte being open 24/7 and also making the most amazing subs and breakfast biscuits!Such a unique little shop. I was a little overwhelmed at first by how much was crammed into the space but I think it adds character. The MTO sandwiches in the back are huge and delicious. They offer a huge selection of sandwiches and other MTO meals. You can also buy individual cans of beer and other snacks.So for a late night poboy you really cannot find anything better. It's a good price for the quality and quantity you get. They do only take cash though so keep that in mind! Will be going back in the very near future. Probably tomorrow.Simple: grilled shrimp po boy, side of dirty rice, Abita lemon wheat out of a paper bag - under $15.  Perfection.I just wanna thank ppl on yelp for uploading pics hahaha I got the all that jazz sandwich and WOW amazing!!!! Packed full of meat & flavor, I love bodegas and this one had a wide selection of food and combos not just sandwiches. Highly recommendAll that jazz is a whole lot of soggy delicious.
3.5/5 for sandwich and 4.5/5 for being made in a corner storeFirst to time to NOLA.  Came here with my fiance.  He was dying to come here and mentioned this place many times during our trip.  "We need to go to Verti Marte!"
So on our last night, we stopped in.  And damn....my only regret is that we did not come earlier and more often....
The food is absolutely AMAZING.  The BEST in NOLA I would say.  
As many have stated, the All That Jazz is an amazing sandwich. Let me repeat that: AMAZING. It's huge, tasty, and a heart attack waiting to happen. It might cost 12 bucks, but it is totally worth it. 
I can't believe this place is open 24/7. Fantastic.
I would definitely agree.  This sandwich is truly the best sandwich I have ever had.  My fiance was right on.  The Dirty Rice is THE BEST I HAVE EVER HAD.  You will not be disappointed.  Spicy~!
I do think they should make this place a restaurant rather than just a deli/grocery shop.  Small business and love it!
As another one of my friends said about this place.....FOOD OF THE GODS!!!!
And he was telling the truth.  You must try this place.  You will be hooked like I was.It is what it's cracked up to be! Go here! Get an "All That Jazz" (surprised to enjoy what I think was American cheese on it...the horror) and muffalletta (super salty goodness, like your sucking on a dolphin snout salty) Crowded, dark, dusty, good beer selection and good sandwiches. We were there during the "off season" for tourists so there was barely a wait.The food here is SO GOOD. The service is also HORRIBLE. The place is cash only and the employees do not believe in customer service. I like the shrimp philly sandwich so much I usually come anyways. My last experience was unusually horrid. After waiting in line for 20-30 minutes, the cook just announces the kitchen was closed and would not serve me or the other six people in line. I felt bad for the three guys in front of me. All three men placed an order and the cook only made one sandwich. When asked why the kitchen was suddenly closed, the cook said "I feel like cleaning". Ridiculous!This place looked like the perfect Yelp find, but i was left a bit disappointed in the end. I chose what seems to be the most recommended item, the All That Jazz sandwich. To me it just tasted like the shrimp was thrown on, and they didnt do anything to season it. He whole sandwich just was much more bland than i had anticipated, and the bread (and tomato, oddly enough) was very dry. I must say, the side order items in the case looked delicious, so this place would probably be awesome for an accompaniment to a bbq or picnic meal. I also wasnt impressed with the ordering/payment system or the customer service for that matter. Idk, i might go again, but not so sure. Wasnt a memorable first impression.Do not be deceived by appearances, this hole-in-the-wall "convenience" store serves up some of the best food I've had yet. Well sure, anything after midnight and several drinks tastes good, but holy cow. 
Do me a favor and try their catfish and jambalaya, you won't regret it!
While you're there, settle in on Nick Cage's stoop across the street. My friends and I not only took in some tasty eats, but learned all about the haunted homes in the neighborhood from the late night carriage tours.
P.S. - They deliever anywhere in New Orleans! 24/7!It's a freaking sandwich and some small mini mart on a back street. How good could it be? MIND BLOWING, that's how good. 
Best sandwich I ever had and that's a lot from someone who doesn't even get excited about a sandwich. 
This place is now on my must have every time I go to NOLA!Only reason not 5 stars is bc it's a cramped, tiny corner store. Based on reviews picked up a shrimp po boy from here instead of all the competitors. The Lady over the phone wanted to talk me into the famous ALL THAT JAZZ but after a weekend of too much alcohol and rich foods, I decided that it was just too busy for what I needed at that moment. Perfect po boy with wow sauce. One of the best things I had all weekend. Should have come here much sooner.I had to try this place no matter what when I saw and read the reviews. Dirty whole in the walls are my kinda place, and sure this what it was.  Woke up at 8am to get ready and I got my walk on from burgundy st and back. And the walk is well worth it. Sandwiches  weigh like a newborn baby and just as big. Out of the few sandwiches I Orderded, the jazz sandwich is my favorite. A must again if I visit NOLA again.This is a total hole-in the wall, which makes it so authentic. The All that Jazz was a medley of salty meat and cheese goodness...and of course the po boys were very tasty.  The sandwiches are very big so definitely get a few and share it family-style.Ok this is it Verti Marte I am done with you. I'm done with your claustrophobic isles. I'm done with your inconsistent food. I'm done with your cash only. I'm done with giving a twenty dollar bill and getting back six dollars for a sandwich and a drink. Sam has ruined this place and good luck getting out of there alive if they ever catch fire again. IM DONELOVE this place. You have to sit on the curb, but that's all part of the experience. The food is top-notch. Go in the middle of the night and maybe you'll overhear the haunted tours as you eat on the corner. Also, SUPER CHEAP!By far, THE BEST meatball po'boy I've ever had, and I'm from New York City where we (mistakenly) call them "subs". Perhaps we call them "subs" because they are sub-par?
The meatballs are to die.  The bread is to die. The price is to die.
The meatball is my standard but I'll certainly try this mysterious All That Jazz thing when I return. Hell yeah!
*UPDATE*
The All That Jazz sandwich is truly "All That." So is the mac & cheese, the creole chicken, the scalloped potatoes, the chicken parm, the country-fried steak and the (shockingly fresh & crunchy) green beans. Those are indeed "green beans" and NOT "string beans". I know this now because the counterman corrected me thusly. He actually corrected me directly after a kindly older gentleman customer reprimanded me for not sporting any Saints-wear the day after the Big Win. 
The moral of the story is: learn the lingo before you go and NEVER take off your Saints cap.
God, how I love the Marte, so.This is one of my favorite places to go in NOLA! It's a locals secret and definitely well worth it. They have the best po boys and jambalaya. I'm not gonna lie, I was there a few days and chose to go back for a couple meals instead of going elsewhere. It's that GOOD!When you are a lazy slob laying on your comfortable bed at a swank hotel looking for great Po Boys and sandwiches delivered to your doorstep...Verti Marte is the place to hit up. 
From what I hear there is only standing room to eat. It wouldn't be an issue if it wasn't 50 degrees outside. 
All that jazz is a great sandwich that had a bit of everything. Shrimp, ham, cheese... 
The shrimp and oyster po boy had great seasoning. 
It will do the trick if you're starving and tired of eating saucy creole food.The food was amazing.  The royal feast sandwich and the gumbo were great. 
The only reason I'm putting four stars is because I didn't like that the gumbo was microwaved in plastic Styrofoam.This place. Well didn't start off great because we couldn't even find the door. We saw people inside and didn't know how to get where we desperately wanted to be. Finally we made it inside. Don't expect any fancy welcome or anything. Just order your sandwich over the too-high-to-see-over counter top. One sandwich will work for two people. All That Jazz really is as good as everyone says. We got two bottles beers they put in a bag and we sat on the curb and ate. It was magical.If I could give 0 stars I would. I'm visiting New Orleans and thank god this place has a lot of tourists. I spoke to the most rude lady on the phone. She wouldn't even let me complete my sentence before talking over me. If she works there often the only way the reviews are this high has to be because of all the tourists that make not as frequent visits. Awful.You order at the back of the mini market & pay at the register that's near the front. It's cash only. Asked a Nola native what they would recommend & he suggested ordering "All that Jazz." OMG, the sandwich is heaven! Definitely a sandwich that I will be day dreaming about back in the bay.If your in the French Quarter you NEED to go here for some really incredible food at cut rate prices. The "All That Jazz" is a bit of gooey sandwich heaven (seriously who wouldn't like to try a sandwich made of  grilled ham, turkey & shrimp, swiss & american cheese with grilled mushrooms, tomatoes, on grilled french bread with  "Wow Sauce" that REALLY makes you go WOW!) or the ample portioned Chicken Fried Steak will give you more bang for your buck. You can even take it on the road and go down to Moonwalk a couple blocks south and watch the ships come in as you eat.
Its a hidden gem.Best drunk food ever!!! My husband and I ordered the "all that jazz" and it was amazing!  A HUGE sub filled with shrimp, ham, turkey, cheese, and mushrooms. Hot, gooey, and delicious.  You'll definitely want to share unless you have a big appetite!OMG! This was some of the best food I had in New Orleans! First off, make sure that you have cash, as that is all they take, but you should need less than $30 for 2 people and have some left over.
I read about this place on a lot of different review sites and they all said this was the place to get Po Boys. Boy, was it! I was torn between the shrimp and oyster, and the "All That Jazz." I ended up with All That Jazz. It was amazing.
Be prepared to get messy! The wow sauce that they put on this is excellent, but is smothered all over it. It was seeping through the wrap before I even paid for it! Not only was there a TON of sauce, but it was HUGE! This will certainly satisfy any level of appetite that you can throw at it.
There is no dining area at this location, but I found just by walking a few blocks, there was seating at the French Market along the river. If you are in town, go and eat here, it should not be missed!As a tourist, I searched yelp for this. Kind of intimidating outdoor and thought it was just a local grocery shop. However, this place is is amazing! We ordered oyster combo OMG so greatMy Dad once said, "If Walmart doesn't have it then you don't need it ". Well it's sad but true and if you are in the quarter and Verdi Mart doesn't have it...well...then...
BLT on a croissant, shrimp-philly po-boy, ANY food in the glass case (get the dirty rice) and a chef salad if you are in a rush.  
Pints of fireball and beer all day. If you're strong enough to make it till the break of dawn get a breakfast sandwich. Again go croissant, bacon eggs and cheese and pass out strong like a champ. Tip the kitchen.102 and another 5 stars
i guess 152 reviews doesnt make this place a secret, really....but the All That Jazz sandwich is super BOMB J:
-turkey
-ham
-shrimp
-mushrooms (I dont even like mushrooms!!)
-tomato
-some creole sauce thing
about 10in sub for about $10....we split it 5 ways (this is dessert after lunch) and it was delish! the shrimp was so fresh!!
cash only!Best po boy sandwich! I recommend the fried shrimp oyster sandwich. Definitely worth the $14.Was told by a local cab driver that this is the place to go late night after the bars, because its one of the only places in town that is open 24 hours. But yuck! The potato salad and cole slaw tastes like sour milk and the sandwiches were full of grease. I guess, if I was drunkity-drunk this place would hit the spot.O boyz... jk, po' boys
FOOD//
I tried this place two times while visiting NOLA and had po' boys on both french and burger. I actually enjoyed them more on the burger because of its vegetable to meat proportion. I would like french one more IF it hold more vegetables. Otherwise, this was something else...like sandwich that I would actually eat.
ATMOSPHERE//
It's very crammed because it is inside the grocery. As in, they sell food and also it is like a grocery store; so, haha. 
SERVICE//
chill.
SURROUNDINGS//
around french quarter.Great Snack/filling food items ...don't judge from the outside ...staff is wonderful & eats are very satisfying.Good old verti mart! I stop here every time i visit new orleans. The sandwiches are good and BIG. Plus they are open 24/7 which is niceNothing beats rolling into the French Quarter at 10 PM, checking into your hotel and immediately walking around the block to Verti Marte for an enormous Shrimp Po' Boy. OK, nothing except maybe unwrapping said Po' Boy and eating it while you walk, allowing all of the Po' Boy dressin' to drip down to your elbows. I read Verti Marte was open 24 hours but have since heard it closes around midnight. Still, the Shrimp for my Po' Boy was prepared fresh even after 10. No stale crap that had been sitting around all evening.Just go.  Get the fried shrimp po' boy.  I always get roast beef with onions and gravy dressed.It's been years but we finally had to come back. Love love love the catfish Poboy and the shrimp and oyster Poboy with extra wow sauce! This is always our first stop......hell to be honest we flew here for the weekend from California just for the sandwiches!!!A local told us to try this place if we wanted a good po boy. We walked a couple blocks and found this little grocery store with a deli counter in the back. There were four of us and we all ordered sandwiches.  We took them back to the hotel and ate them in the courtyard. I got the All That Jazz sandwich and it was one of the best things I've ever eaten. Loaded with ham, turkey, shrimp, cheese, mushrooms and a fantastic sauce. Everyone else loved their sandwiches too. You have to try this place. Very friendly staff too.I went here in September and ordered the All That Jazz sandwich based on great reviews here. I tossed it in my bag and stopped at several bars on the way back to the hotel. I shared this sandwich with 3 girlfriends. This sandwich is large. A full 12" long baguette stuffed with all kinds of goodness that doesn't really sound like it should go together. It is the perfect thing to eat if you're drinking all day too. The reasons I write this review so long after I had the sandwich are as follows:
1.  I think about this sandwich often. 
2.  My friends think about this sandwich often. 
3.  One of my friends is going back soon and wanted to know where we got it. 
4.  They deserve a 5 star review considering how much I think about this sandwich.Well, prepare enough patient to get your order. And don't surprise it will be so much even two person can't finish one order.
I ordered roast turkey with dress, dirty rice, brasil sprout salad, pretty delicious .Did I die and go to heaven??? Because it's been two months and I'm STILL dreaming about the crab cakes and blackened catfish po-boy!!!!!
Amazing!Good poboy, should not be priced at $14 for this sandwich though. Small counter in the back of a tiny liquor store, not a looker but if you want a local poboy, stop in and get an "all that jazz" your tastebuds won't regret it.Arriving in New Orleans at 11:30pm and hungry I immediately knew my options in the culinary world would be limited.  Luckily I did my research.  Entering into the mart I noticed relatively bare shelves, an assortment of wines, and an expansive deli counter.  After reading numerous reviews I knew a po' boy was the right choice.  We got the low down on drinking in the city and open containers.   Everyone was very helpful, and offered great information about the city.  I got the oyster po'boy and my boyfriend got the shrimp.  We also split a pabst blue ribbon.  This was our first meal in New Orleans and probably our best.  The bread was perfect, warm, fresh and crisp.  The breading on the oysters and shrimp was superb.  Crunchy and spicy, yet well balanced.  They were big and we probably could have split one but they both were so good I didn't even notice I ate way too much, which could be a bad thing.  There aren't any places to sit and eat but outside the mart you can pull up a curb and enjoy yourself.   Perfect for their fare.  We thought about those po' boys all weekend and even considered going back before our flight home on monday.  We weren't able to get back but the next time we return this will be our first stop.  This is definitely going to be a craving I'm unable to fulfill until  I return to the Big Easy.Wow... what a food orgasm.  I had a philly cheesesteak and shrimp po'boy and it truly was the best sandwich I ever had.   I'm not even crazy about po'boys in general, but I am now.  I'm going back for sure.Even if they give you the wrong thing, you'll still be amazed. The shrimp PoBoy and the catfish PoBoy are both superb. Melts in your mouth. The lady owner that makes 800 orders a day in the back is 75 years old and going strong.
Hip hip hooray for the good old free enterprise system that allows us to have so many successful mom-and-pop operations like this in the good ol' US of A :-). Say hi to Sam at the cash register. They don't advertise, and they only accept cash.  I think 98% of people who try this place will like it. I've never had sesame seeds on French bread, but I love it. :-)All That Jazz yes it had all that and then some!!! I ate 2 of those bad boys and cheese fries with gravy. Holy Cow i couldve ate this all again!!! Thank you guysI am actually eating an "All That Jazz" poboy RIGHT NOW and it is AMAZING (okay, I was when I started writing this).
Walk up to the little store. Enter, go to the back, place your order. Grab a side if you'd like, or some tasty tasty tasty cheesecake. Zappo's chips- also tasty. I recommend getting yourself back to where you're staying, sit down, get out a plate, grab a stack of napkins. Enjoy.This place is CASH only!!!  Ok so Marti Verte almost got me with the poboy sandwhich.  I was completely hungry and saw the reviews. To my surprise my poboy didn't come with the classic Louisiana French Bread which taste far better than this "Subway" sesame seed italian blend bread.  For a catfish poboy and fries @ $17 I wanted so much more, but hey it's descent.  If you're a tourist don't be afraid of the building. Looks as tho they haven't wiped anything down or renovated in years.  I did see the cook use gloves though. Seems the locals know all the employees.Hidden in the back of a little convenience store quaintly named Verde Marte is po boy heaven. With 30+ scrumptious meals to choose from, I chose the All That Jazz. 
Generous helpings of ham, turkey mixed with Swiss and American cheeses on a sesame seeded 8 inch roll was the winner! Your po boy is all wrapped up when you pick it up and pay at the front counter. 
Small tables are outside, so I stood next to one and opened up my po boy.  I absolutely melted and was overwhelmed once I unwrapped the plethora of goodness oozing out from the sides. 
The first bite was messy and delightful, juices dripping down my hand, wow!! Let me say that backwards, wow!! 
When you're touring around NOLA, stop by Verde Marte. It's a block or 2 away from Bourbon Street and a must stop!How have I not reviewed this place?! It is amazing. The food is excellent and it's open 24hrs. The people are all friendly. Please remember to tip!!! You can get drunk at whatever time of day or night and stop in for food and another drink. I love this place!!!Customer service was so bad, my husband and I walked out. The hotel we were staying in recommended this place. Better believe we went back to that hotel and complained. As we were waiting to complain to our hotel representative my husband and I overheard a different representative telling some guests about this establishment, oh after we kindly interrupted her and told the guests about our fresh experience, they decided to order from oceanas restaurant instead. My husband and I will be in town for another 4 days and I talk alot.It only looks like a grungy little bread and eggs store, it actually has a little short order take out kitchen in the back. Daily specials and of course po-boys to die for, try one of Kate's favorites, the french fry and gravy po-boy for only $4.10. This place is a trip, but don't forget to tip the cook if you want a little something extra. Stan's new favorite is the "all that Jazz po boy" Open 24 hours "always open", new policy, CASH ONLY!I recently traveled to New Orleans for a bday vacation.  While there it was recommended that I try Verti Marte for take out deliveries.  We ordered a club and and a fried chicken sandwich.  The sandwiches were ok (at best).  The fries were absolutely horrible (they were dry and not seasoned).  But the icing on the cake was the middle aged women who's also the cashier/ phone receptionist.  She was the the rudest person I've ever met.  I was staying right near Verti Marte, so I was going to have the food delivered.  It was a rainy night in New Orleans.  The cashier had a smart mouth and kept laughing whenever I had questions about the menu. I walked over to see why she was so rude and she didn't apologize or give an explanation for her horrible demeanor.  Actually, while I was there I got to see her hang up and make smart comments to the customers.  Its not even like there food was good enough to provide such shitty service.  If It wasn't pouring and I wasn't starving, I wouldn't have even went over.  It was strange because everyone that I met in New Orleans was very friendly.  The cook said she's just crazy.  Overall, If you're staying in New Orleans DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!!! You can definitely spend your money at a much nicer establishment. Sammys has way better food and a wonderful staff.Convenience is king.  
Verti Marte, or "Verbatim" as I like to call it, has always made me hate my life a little less.  You can get your American Spirits in every color of the rainbow here, beer in a brown paper bag, and some zig zag rolling papers in the French Quarter.  Poboys to go for dinner at least once a week.The All That Jazz Sandwich is good for breakfast lunch and dinner. I mean that it is large enough for multiple meals. And it is delicious. Try to drop here every time we are in New Orleans.CASH ONLY
This place is crazy busy, and not designed to handle the crowds.  First, we were barely able to make our way up to the sandwich counter to place our order because there were so many people standing around waiting.  The guy taking our order didn't seem pleased that I wanted to remove a few items from my sandwich stating, "You're paying for it."  I realize that I'm paying for mayo, but I don't want it, thanks.  We had to wait outside for about 15-20 minutes for two sandwiches.
With all the said, damn they made a killer sandwich.  My husband had the famous All That Jazz and loved it, and my turkey sandwich was quite delish.  If I ever have the chance to return, I'll probably try the delivery service so I don't have to deal with being crammed in the little market.So I feel bad as a local giving a poor review.  But for the second time  In months I was treated horribly.  In my opinion, DO  NOT GO HERE. I am at a loss for how to describe the terrible service you will encounter, so my only recourse is to make sure others know that this establishment is bigoted, angry and desperate.  Their reputation as a great restaurant/ deli is outdated and inaccurate.If u ever get hungry in the wee hours of the morning like I do and your in the neighborhood verti Mart will fix you up right. Good people good foodBest shrimp po-boy around. Best price. Large portions. Nice selection of other non-sandwich menu items. Get a paper menu from the store. The menu online is not complete or regularly updated. Cash-only. No charge local delivery; food, smokes, beer, whatever, nearly anytime. I highly recommend this place day or night.Consistently the WORST delivery I've ever experienced. I've been ordering Verti Mart in the Quarter with regularity for over a year because the food and the prices are pretty damn good, but 8 out of 10 orders are missing ingredients or items entirely. I get tense every time I call because every order involves opening an item to discover something missing, calling back to report the missing parts, only to open another item and discover it is also missing a component and having to call again.  2 trips is the AVERAGE for a delivery from them if you care about getting what you asked for. And by the time the increasingly annoyed delivery person finally gets you all of the pieces of your order everything is ice cold. 
In fact as I am writing this my bacon/egg/cheese sandwich is 1 & 1/2 HOURS cold waiting for them to make their 3rd trip with the mayo they were supposed to put on it, having had to come twice already to bring the correct dressing for my salad.
So: Good food, good prices, and nice people who are T-E-R-R-I-B-L-E at their jobs.
Update: Apparently they're now charging 15¢ for EVERY packet of ketchup they give you. ARE YOU OK VERTI MARTE? DID YOU HAVE HEAD INJURY?This place actually is the best, so there you have it. I mean, you have to forgive a little dirty-ness, but in NO that's more than reasonable. This town is too sweaty to worry about that.
The food is top notch as long as health is of no concern to you. The po'boys are as good as any around. Side are even better.
They used to be open all hours I heard, which would be ideal, but as is you have to get food by 11:30. They sometimes mess up your orders or counting change for that matter, but that's only because they are slightly more hung-over than you are. Highest recommendations, and I usually order carry-out here every other day or more when in town.Five stars for their chili cheese fries. Large container just filled with chili and cheese. I could have eaten this for days if it wouldn't make me extremely fat and bloated. It's open 24/7 I believe because I came here really late in the night. Place was so good I came back the next night for a philly. Just as good.Food here is amazing but didn't stay for any today. The guy behind the counter taking orders was such an ass that most people (while I was there) walked out.Oh, happy day! Just got word that Verti Marte is REOPENING on January 19th! My beloved egg and cheese breakfast po-boys (and everything else about that place) are back! Well, almost back! And I even live within their delivery area now (I think. I hope!) 
Yay! I've missed them desperately since the fire, and am SO happy to hear they're coming back. Cannot wait to start spending way too much money with them again. Sincerely hope they'll still be open 24 hours, and generally be the same Verti Marte as previously. 
Hooray!One of the best sandwiches I have had (all that jazz). And one of the top three things I ate in New Orleans.I think about this place all the time... I couldn't find it on my last trip from Chicago to New Orleans.  I was so worried you were closed but how could that be with the best reuben sandwich I have ever had in my life!  Thanks for delivering to us at 1:00am too... Phewwww, next time I'm here... I'm THERE!!!  
.This is the real deal! Wandered in here after a long rambling walk through the French Quarter - best culinary decision I took in a while. Got a shrimp po' boy which was to die for, so I came right back the next day to sample more of the yummy looking things behind the counter. Was a little sozzled so I don't remember everything but the scallopped potatoes and the broccoli florets in cheese sauce were awesome. Real nice gentleman behind the counter too. I only wish I could go back one more time for the scrumptious desserts. Overall, a real gem full of good food and real atmosphere, one of those places which draws me back to New Orleans time and again.My whole family loved every sandwich we got. Def a dive go to spot. Ate on the corner bc there is no seats. Security is even at the door.The all that jazz was amazing! The oyster poboy- not as much. Such a quiet little street with an unassuming storefront; perfect way to end the night!My sis and I vacationed in NOLA for a week. We got food from Verti Marte 3 times. It wasn't that close, nor inexpensive, it was that GOOD!  
We had oyster and shrimp/oyster combo po boys, dressed; meatloaf w green beans; grilled shrimp salad; FFs; bread pudding. All exceptional quality and good quantity. Avoid peak lunch time if possible. It's a small store w a deli in the back. Literally no curb appeal. Cash only.My go to place when the food stocks begin to run low or when I feel too darned lazy to make dinner.
Though a cramped little store, it is worth it to sample what comes out of their kitchen. The All That Jazz sandwich is stellar. Philly Cheese Steak is good. Cold sandwich favorites are the full dressed turkey and full dressed roast beef. There menu includes a slew of sandwiches, as well as salads. My next exploration, will be the hot entrées they present. This place is a gem.The best po'boys in New Orleans!!! Tiny market - hole in the wall does not even describe it - with amazing food. Try the fried shrimp po'boys for sure. The entrees are delicious too!!Considering this is a mini mart their food is great! We had the All that Jazz and it was intense and delicious. The best shrimps I had. We also had the spinach-artichoke side and it was really good. The area this place is in is beautiful which you have to consider since you'll probably eat in the street as there's no place to seat inside. All the food they have looked great and we got to see many locals eating there which is always a good sign.Whenever I've visited New Orleans, I have started and ended my trip with the "All That Jazz" po boy - a messy meal of grilled turkey, ham, American and Swiss cheese, fried shrimp, sautéed mushroom, and "wow sauce" stuffed between two pieces of bread - and wow it is! I would take a trip to New Orleans for this po boy. It's all that serious.man it hurts thine heart to say this... as thine eyes get merst but my good ol verti marte aint the same...& i believe its mostly due to the loss of an icon..the ol cook..who i heard passed away
i kno there has been alot of changes since katrina & it even burned down but man damn..the ol cook was a blk gay fella who could throw down on the grill..many of many a drunkard nites were visted by me & my cousin to this spot so trust me i know dis!!
the bread here was always diff - they used a softer french bread w sesame seeds but the ol cook would toast/grill it a bit to get it right & well hell he just did it the sammiches right!!! and these were not done right..2 fried shrimp & 1 grilled shrimp were just meh :(
im hurt & disenchanted but i wont give up on em!!!
i will be back & see if the all that jazz is still on point....All that Jazz sandwich was super yummy even when it got cooled.  All the stuff they put in that hot sandwich was amazing and hard to describe since I have never had something like it before.  Worth trying it - don't let the iron bars on the front door scare you and bring cash.In all my visits to New Orleans, I always wanted to try Verti Marte and got the chance this last trip. It has good Yelp reviews and ratings so it was a must.
They have an extensive menu - practically anything you want in a po'boy, they've got it. The portions are huge. The oysters were stuffed in large roll. They are open 24 hours a day. 
Alas, the quality and taste were ok, but not overwhelmingly great. Definitely not what I had anticipated for an establishment known for their po'boys. Sadly, it was unforgettable. There are certainly better and tastier places to enjoy these in the Quarter and elsewhere in Louisiana. It's good drunk food though. And the FQ is filled w/folks who are in need of their po'boys.Certainly have been eating V.M. food off and on for almost two decades since India House recommended it when i first arrived in this town. But this review is about something many find negligable here: the coffee.  My boss and i recently had a painting job down the street and were pleased to rediscover Verdi Marte coffee.  The brew is strong, consistant, constantly refreshed (they go through a lot) and very economical.  We both agree: this is the best in the Quarters!  Now, they don't have real milk or cream available- only fakey  (that i am aware of). We don't take dairy anyways- which may influence this review. And this ain't about no lingering, savoring cup that ran through an espresso machine. Just something warming for the working (wo)man that puts a pep in the step rang up by a friendly person.  Usually the owner.  Merci, Verdi Marte!Delivery girl was awesome. All that Jazz plus jalapeño was the best sandwich EVER. make sure to get this when you are in NOLA.All that jazz is an amazing sandwich. Let me repeat that: AMAZING. It's huge, tasty, and a heart attack waiting to happen. It might cost 12 bucks, but it is totally worth it. 
I can't believe this place is open 24/7. Fantastic.Fantastic.  Forget all those questionable po-boy joints in the heart of the tourist area and go for a walk.  It'll be a memorable meal.
If you call ahead when you start walking you can save the 15 minute cook time.How can you not love a place that has hard alcohol, smokes, soap, cereal, and an enormous selection of take out food, all open 24 hours. 
Lots of complaints of rude staff, but we were here for 5 days, and went twice a day every day for drinks or food, and everyone was perfectly nice to a couple of kinda clueless tourists. Delicious fried shrimp poboys. The mac and cheese is heavy on the gooey, sticky cheez product.  Too sticky for me, but my husband liked it, so YMMV.  
There are other corner store delis, but this one was close to our hotel and the 24 hour convenience was hard to beat.  It would be a 5 star if they labeled their trays- would make ordering so much easier.  I probably would have tried more stuff if I hadn't had to constantly ask what stuff was.I've only had one item here ever. 
The BEST ROAST BEEF SANDWICH I have EVER experienced in my life. 
I've traveled this country far and wide- This is by far the most amazing roast beef I've ever had the pleasure to pallet.
I hear their other stuff is good too... I may never know!
annoyingly Cash only ...Four stars for being open 24/7. Good food. Great broccoli with cheese sauce, very nice (and I can't stress that enough) gumbo and decent po'boys.   Shabby cramped store, desperately in need of a face lift. Very nice people working there though! They sell beers by the bottle. 
Cash only! ATM on site.I have traveled around this country and tried lots of local dishes.   As I wandered around New Orleans this past January I yelped for a good place to eat.  Found this sub "all that Jazz".  OMG that's all I kept saying. 
I was hesitant to get it.  But as I stood in the deli looking at all there was, I was seriously overwhelmed.  A bunch of locals came in and were ordering, giving their names and walking away.  I found a local contractor who came in then and ordered 3 "all that jazz". I figured if he got 3 how bad could they be?  
I walked 10 blocks back to my hotel before eating the sandwich. 
I have to tell you...the best sandwich ever! 
A definite must have!Such a bummer to have to say this, but I just waited in line for over 20 minutes only to have an employee bust up to the front and place his order in front of me.  (For reference sake, there was NO line other than me... and I was patiently waiting to order my sandwich on my lunch break.)  The other two folks waiting for their food to be prepared, called him out which is when he said "I work here" and we all noticed he was clearly OFF DUTY.  I wouldn't normally be upset by this because it's really not all that big of a deal (he clearly has poor judgement), but after walking 25 minutes each direction on my lunch break for a $10 sammich, I sat down at my desk and discovered my order was WRONG!  Ugh! SO disappointing!!  Really guys?!?!  I know you're busy, but I honestly can't say that today was anything more than a Tuesday late lunch. Bottom line - Verdi Mart employees should not be encouraged to order in front of customers. Ever.
If this doesn't bother you or you have all the time in the world, I highly recommend Verti Mart!  Delicious food, especially the cheesesteak, but I do wish they would have some courtesy for the repeat customers - get the order right, be pleasant (behind the food counter) and don't let your employees bust to the front of the queue like they own the place.I travel to NOLA about 3 times per year and love oyster po-boys. This place fries the oysters perfectly- better than anywhere I've been, actually, and would have gotten 5 stars if they did not skimp so much. While most other po-boys I've encountered are over-fried, they put enough oysters on to taste them. I ended up just opening the sandwich and eating the oysters out because it just tasted like bread. 
My partner, however, ordered a Roast Beef po-boy and it was AWESOME. SOOOOO much meat! and great bread.This place is a hidden gem. We were in New Orleans for 3 days and ate here twice! I have to say the sandwiches held their own when compared to critically acclaimed restaurants (such as K-Paul's and Arnaud's!). We tried the shrimp creole, shrimp philly, All that Jazz, and the po' boys....all DELICIOUS. Cash only and they will lecture you if you try to change any order from its original glory (we have a dietary restriction and they were understanding of it), but why would you want to?? Go there - it's sooo worth it!!This was our first food stop in NOLA. And definitely one of our favorites. You can't tell that the place will be very good based on it's exterior looks, and the inside is a convenience store. But once you get past the looks the food is great. It's a take out deli that has amazing poboys and some good sides too. I enjoyed the jazz poboy and the fried shrimp and oysters one. We also had Mac and cheese, which was extremely cheesy and they used long noodles. This place is cash only but there's an ATM in the corner. I would definitely recommend this place. And as a tip of you don't want to be in the tight quarters with others you can always get it delivered.Update: 
Me: I'd like to order a fried chicken sandwich and a small side of mashed potatoes.
Verti Marte: That will be $16.
So. I guess low prices are out now too. Good job guys, now you send the wrong stuff AND overcharge. I give up, you win, you've finally convinced me to stop using you.ALL THAT JAZZ, AND THAT'S ALL!!! Seriously, you will not regret getting this sandwich! The place is very unassuming as it looks like a convenience store, but it oh so much more than that! You have to walk all the way to the back down the narrow aisles when you walk in and you'll see a big deli display case with all sorts of goodies in it and a menu board on the wall. Here's the description of the All That Jazz: a medley of grilled ham, turkey & shrimp, swiss & american cheese accompanied by grilled mushrooms, tomatoes, on grilled french bread with our original "wow sauce." YOU CAN'T READ THAT AND NOT ORDER IT RIGHT? I am sure glad I did!
I had several po boys while in New Orleans and this was by far the best!
They say that this is the best kept secret in the French Quarter, but I think Yelpers are exposing it! 
They are open 24/7 so it's the perfect drunk munchie spot, but the food honestly deserves more than that! You can even buy a beer in a paper bag to go with your sandwich, which I did ;)
Next time you are in New Orleans, do yourself a favor and stop at Verti Marte for an All That Jazz and a beer
MY GO-TO: All That Jazz SandwichReminds me of the bodegas in NY. They always have the best sandwiches. I think i just gained 5lbs after eating All That Jazz and it was worth it. The flavors worked well together and the strongest flavor was the ham.  My only regret is i just found out about this shop and don't have time to try the other poboys,but i'll be back.WOW Sauce!! Ginormous fried shrimp & oyster po-boy. I mean it really doesn't get any better than that. I needed a third hand just to keep all the goodness from falling out of this sandwich. It was most certainly not a clean and ladylike exercise in eating but jesus it was tasty. We ended up getting food there a few times while we were down because we are insane creatures of habit and we weren't disappointed. this place is so tasty and they have everything you can imagine packed into a tiny little convenience store which makes it almost shocking that so much deliciousness comes out from a very unassuming deli counter. I heard they deliver too but the spot was convenient enough that the walk was nothing and well worth it!All that Jazz was everything everyone said it would be. It is solid cheesy deliciousness. Just go and try one and see for yourself! We trekked the 15 minutes walk her and have no regrets. Be warned there is no seating inside and no bathroom so you will have to take it to go.Fantastic sandwiches and dishes at an amazing price. Best part? Open 24 hours. Stumbling back from the bar at 3 am on a Tuesday? Stop for a sandwich at Verti Marte!Came here after a long night of bar hopping in the Quarter. It was 5am. We were hungry, and were so happy to find a delicious display of a variety of different deli style foods waiting to be tried. The location couldn't be beat, especially considering our situation, however it needs to be said that this place attracts the New Orleans underbelly, especially if you make it in at the time that we did.
As for the food, it was absolutely sublime. It probably is the richest, most delicious food that can be obtained for the price and for the speed. We ordered a fried pork steak with a cheese queso sauce, perfectly blanched broccoli with a bechamel sauce and traditional yet well done jambalaya. 
Verti Marte can't be beat for its 24 hour service and its delicious and convenient food!All that Jazz, Amazing. 24 hours is definitely a plus especially since I was traveling. It was a little confusing ordering but they have a lot of food other than sandwiches to choose from.My fellow yelpers are on to something. I had the "All that Jazz" and it was every bit as yummy as people say. It's a $15 sandwich filled with shrimp, tasty salty meats, tomatoes, lettuce, mushrooms, topped with a very messy but delicious sauce. 
It can easily feed 2 people. Bring on the napkins.Verti oh Verti how did I live without thee? I know everyone raves about the lunch and late night options - but let me just tell you my friends - the waffles will put you into a new and wonderful place. 
These delicious, light, fluffy, and homemade goodness come in a pair - although one is more than enough for any human being - and they sprinkle little bits of heaven (powdered sugar) over them. They come accompanied with plenty of syrup and butter on the side. 
I have never actually stepped foot into this place (yet) but I have breakfast (coffee too!) delivered to my office almost every morning - especially on rainy Mondays. Thank you for making the work week a thousand times more delicious. 
You make my taste buds feel like sunshine. :-)My husband and I read a review on Yelp and decided to go here since it was very close to our hotel. You get a lot for the money here for sure. We each had a breakfast sandwich. For some reason we were thinking (mistakenly) 'on french' was not as large as it was. Our sandwich came out and it was on french bread you would get from Cousin's or Jimmy Johns and just as big. 2 breakfast sandwiches and 1 orange juice was $10. Cheapest breakfast we had on our trip. We also marveled at all the variety of food they had there. It looks like a little corner convenience store, but definitely a hidden gem!Classic, cheap, easy, good food. I'm a fan of this place if you want a good seafood po boy and don't want to wait forever, I usually get one to go. The oyster and shrimp is delicious, and their hot plates are great for a work day lunch. Stop by, you won't be displeased!This my friends is like a little hidden gem. It's tucked in what appears to be a convenience store. I picked up chicken, green beans, cucumber salad.  Everything was seasoned just right for me. The chicken tenders were a bit dry, but I did come late and the food is precooked. All in all service is good. Con- cash only like every where else.Love this place. I went 4 times during my three day visit. All that Jazz is where its at.  The spaghetti is outstanding as well.  
This place does deliveries on a bike, sells beer and is open 24 hours. What more can you ask for?  
Not much indoor seating.  Take your food to go and walk to a park or Jackson square and people watch and enjoy the treasures from Verti Marte.Truly local, super secret gem given to me as a tip from a former New Yorkers who moved to NOLA and loves life in the French Quarter. Looks like its closed, but it isn't --anything but! They are super busy! Allocate time to wait. Apparently they have the best poboys in all of NOLA. Tried the Shrimp and Oyster Poboy on French Bread and it definitely lived up! All sorts of traditional Southern sides to accompany this. The sandwich is huge -- big enough for 2 to share of for 2 meals for one person!Had the catfish sandwich with french bread. Delicious!!!! A friend and I bought one sandwich to share since it was way past lunch time and we wanted to save room for dinner. Now we're regretting and wished we bought two instead! But we'll go back again before we leave, definitely!I always get the fried shrimp po-boy dressed or the tuna salad on a roll/bun thing. The grocery items are double the average price found in a grocery store but this place is really a deli and it is delicious! Try the cheesecake and chocolate cake as well. The food is prepared by Sam's mom every day and boy can she cook!Located in the back of the shop and take cash only. We got the all that jazz. It was amazing. The cheese and sauce brought all the proteins together.Maybe I caught the staff on a bad day (Sunday at noon) but they weren't very friendly, and I waited for more than 30 minutes to get 2 sandwiches ordered at the counter. There weren't many orders in front of us - no acknowledgement from the guys behind the counter on the wait. 
Royal PoBoy was awesome. All that Jazz PoBoy was even better. Worth the wait? Yes. Opportunity for them to improve service? Yes. But I'd go back.Maybe one of the best Poboy joints in Nola! The place is pretty much a corner store with a deli and everything is take-out. The sandwiches are unreal delish and huge. Typically, a large selection of entrees and sides are available. I find their prices to be between cheap and fair.
I would recommend the Royal Feast, All That Jazz, Shrimp Philly, and my new favorite Ernie's Powerhouse! It is crazy how good it is!! The breakfast Poboy called the Skillet, I was introduced to a few years ago is insane! 
My only problem is I'm usually hungry when I drop in and the wait for my can't arrive quick enough! Honestly, you can't be denied here!12 dollar sandwich, what?
"All That Jazz" -- the samich with every meat in the whole damn deli. And some special sauce to boot. Best thing I've had out here thus far. 
So unexpected.We were very surprised by this hole in the wall! Sandwiches were a little messy, but delicious! We grabbed a bag of chips to go with them and walked over to Jackson Square (No seating at shop).
There was a really great jazz band playing by the park where we sat and ate. It was a couple blocks down but the sandwiches were still hot by the time we got there. We'll definitely go back next time we're here!all that jazz is extremely yummy, but this place?  everything is yummy.  you walk in, and your so tempted by all kinds of home cooking, gigantor portions of heavenly good food.  they deliver, which is a BIG plus, they're open 24 hours, another plus...  and even if they are a small, joint, they really put out some delicious stuff.  the menu, is the menu, but to the delight of a tourist?  walkin in there just to see the food?  is well worth it.  ya get it to go, you take it back to your room, and you feast like a pig!  simply fabulous food.
a taste of old new orleans... the deli, grocery, and alcohol stop.This place is disgusting. The 2 people taking orders and making the food were older men who clearly have drug problems and were scratching themselves all over while were not wearing gloves. They are rude, idiotic, took forever to make anything (even if they were just reheating food in a microwave), and by the time my food came out, I was so repulsed by the employees (and clientele) that I threw the sandwich out. There was a homeless looking man who was milling throughout the store, including in the kitchen, my entire time in there. 
Also, the only reason there is a wait here is because they are all burn-outs - during my 1 hour waiting there they only served ten people. It takes them 15 minutes to make a sandwich and another 5 minutes to check someone out. The woman at the cash register also had a mental breakdown whilst ringing me up. Not to be rude, but it seemed like she was a meth-head. 
I don't understand how anyone can think the taste of the food overcomes the seriousness of the health violations.We were staying at Hotel Richelieu which is two blocks away.  On our way to Bourbon Street, we just happened to walk by Verti Marte and we just walked in.  A customer suggested the "All That Jazz" sandwich.  We bought one. We ate it.  Then the next day, before leaving New Orleans, we bought another "All that Jazz" and an entrée with a side of dirty rice and mac n cheese to eat in the car on our 1300 mile drive back to MN.
My only regret that we ever just happened to find this place is that we can't enjoy their food until we make our way back to New Orleans.
Good food.  Fast service.  Good people.  It doesn't get better than that.  Don't miss out when you are in New Orleans.Gritty, Dive that Memories are Made of. 
All that Jazz Po Boy was interesting in a good way. 
We took the po'boys down to a park past Esplanade, per the instructions of the cashier, and had a picnic. 
Good times.I dream of all that jazz. Seriously, some of the best subs I have had. Why are you hundred of miles away Cafe Verti!! If you're in Nola, you just have to give this place a try. The portions are huge and there are many delicious homemade salads too.Never had anything that I didn't like. It's nice to have comfort food in the Quarter and late night. I can pick up some casserole on my bike and act like it's a home cooked meal. Be prepared to wonder if they forgot your order and maybe they will but that's the way it goes and I'm not complaining.I am obsessed with shrimp poboys, so when one of my closest friends told me that Verti Marte makes his all time favorite, I had to try it for myself. To make a long story about my trip short, it is now my number 1 favorite poboy of all time too! The shrimp is delicious, and the bread is perrrrrfect. If I didn't live 8 hours away, I'd be here every week.amazing food, decent price for the portions especially in this neighborhood, friendly and fast service.Now everyone. Have a seat. This is important. My name is Sarah and I'm from Philadelphia. Tonight I was confused and intrigued by the sandwich called the "shrimp Philly". I expected something strange and sacrilegious but what I received was instead, a near-religious experience. Believe me when I say this was the best goddamn cheesesteak I've had outside of Philly DESPITE swapping out the main ingredient for SHRIMP. I would even say this enriched my life-time Philly experience. I somehow understand the classic better? Everyone's talking about the all that jazz but the shrimp Philly was amazing, get it, experience true joy, get on my level. 
Sarah. Out.The All That Jazz po-boy is the best I've ever had in New Orleans. And the kitchen is 24/7. Don't forget to tip when you order, or they might not make your sandwich as well as when you do tip. Don't visit New Orleans without stopping here!A local grocery store that has quite extensive menu in the back of the store deli.  We had the sandwiches and sides of Mac & Cheese and potato salad all of which were great.  This is a great authentic Nawlins experience but on the less expensive side of life.   They even deliver.  The poorboys are big and good.
Try it for lunch or casual lunch back at your hotel.
Cashier is friendly local.Best damn muffelata I have ever had.  Good gumbo too.  A total divey corner market with varying degrees of service, and you cannot eat there, but we took that yummy thing home and devoured it -- so good!Roast beef po boy was awesome!  Also had a shrimp, oyster, and smoked sausage. Some said it's expensive- $10 a po boy- but the size is huge and totally worth the price. GO!!Walked in, ordered "catfish po-boy" and got a beer from the cooler. Everyone was super nice. Ate on someone's steps outside, food was perfect. Fish was legit perfectly fried. 
I also used the ATM here, it had the cheapest ATM fee I found in the city. In the trashcan next to the ATM, someone had thrown away a receipt and a paper bag covered with like 30 drawings of Marge Simpson. Just a other one of the magical mysteries of New Orleans I guess.Never fails. 24 access to the best sando north of the quarter. Hot Roast beef on French dressed with extra gravy and pickles. I travel 3000 miles to Nola multiple times a year. There is nothing better.Most of my Verti Marte visits consist of drunken post-bar Doritos and bottled water purchases...but thank God for 'em.  This place could save your life!Just wow! Admittedly, I was banged up before eating here but who cares... my wife (not drunk) agreed with me on how awesome this place was. We walked from Frenchmen's St. to here (less than 5 min) and were amazed about how delicious this place was. We had an "all that jazz" and a shrimp po'boy. You can't go wrong with either but the "all that jazz" was amazing. I can't recommended this place enough"All That Jazz" sandwich is a must! I add grilled onions and jalapenos.  Best sandwich I have ever eaten. Beware! It is big enough for two huge appetites. Also, ask about the daily plate lunch specials. AND  they deliver 24/7. FAST! 
Ok, for the negatives. Yes, they run out of items, only take cash....and the staff can be a bit "short" with you. But, they are usually busy, busy, AND have to put up with us,,, drunk, starving, swerving, people...24/7. Lol. Just give them a break, and go in with an open mind. It really is a an awesome place.We have been fortunate enough to have a condo directly across the street on Governor Nicholls for the last several years for work related activities.  I always eat something from here several times when in NOLA.  Everything is good and impressively affordable.  Frankly, if you don't mind taking it with you, their poboys and typical, and not so typical, southern/cajun delights are hard to beat anywhere in NOLA.  My brother is an oyster poboy connoisseur,  he has had them nearly everywhere in NOLA, and considers theirs in the top two or three.
If you are in NOLA, and anywhere close to the Verti Marte, stop in and at least get a snack.  Additionally, all of their breakfast options are delicious.  My family of four can get breakfast to go cheaper than McDonald's at a stratosphere distance in flavor and freshness.  Their $1.00 ATM and decent selection of beers in their cooler is also an excellent resource to have at your disposal.This place has delicious food but the staff is crap. Five minutes ago I called and asked for a veggie burger. They were out (which I can deal with..).. The woman on the other end of the phone offered me a hamburger.. WHY WOULD I EAT A HAMBURGER IF I ASKED FOR A VEGGIE BURGER? IT'S OBVIOUS I DON'T EAT MEAT!
I have called other times (usually Friday mornings), and the staff either does not answer the phone or says that they can't deliver or states that their fryer isn't working. All of these times I have walked to the Verti Mart and they have served me. The staff is lazy and doesn't want to work late at night.. perhaps they should find other jobs...The bottom line: Cheap, large portions, very friendly management. 
The pro's: Simple food at great prices. Especially for New-Orleans.
The con's: None really. It is just simple. That's all.All That Jazz Po'Boy is the business, if u are planning to visit Nola u better get u oneI had the all that Jazz it was nice but it tasted more like good breakfast sandwich then a lunch thing. The shrimp and oysters po boy was good once I put the white on it. Very friendly customer service. Small tight place deli store. I would go back but it is not something I would miss if I did not make it back this trip. But if you looking for flavor go and try it.Walking to here was a long long long way from our Bourbon Street hotel. Couple that with the middle of the night, then just be glad you have your wingman with you for protection. This place wins because it is open into the wee hours of the night. If 4 people are already occupying the tiny corner with small tables, then you are SOL and will probably need to eat your poboy on the curb. But if you do so, be prepared for the transients that hang around here all night.
-=-Shrimp poboy-=- It was good, it was crispy. Not many poboy are open super duper late, but this place was good to get a fill. You'll be happy with just eating half of this sandwich. Eat the whole, and you might be regretting it the next day.Yes, I went back; same deal !
When going here, just decide that the order taker will be rude and demanding.  There is no humoring him; he is just an extremely rude and  offensive person.  You may get lucky and be served by one of the others; but I seem to wind-up with the rude guy every time.
As the wall menu is out of date, the paper menus are often unavailable, and some of the items visible in the deli case are difficult to identify, you must just ask and endure the rudeness.
If it gets too bad, the nice lady at the cash register may intervene for you.
I  just don't know what else to say.  For me, the rude guy just ruins this otherwise wonderful, iconic little place.
He doesn't know the common names for the food items.  For instance, if one asks for what looks to all the world like a "chicken fried steak", he rudely shouts that he has none.  To him, it is ONLY "country fried steak".  To him, the rice dressing is ONLY "dirty rice", etc.
There are usually some 20 or 30 selections, but nothing is labeled.
This is doubly difficult because there is usually a waiting line; and I hate to seem to be holding up the line for others.
I usually go around early afternoon on Saturdays or Sundays; perhaps the rude guy may not be there at other times.
I pray that the owner or manager will see this and correct the situation.
RickThis was the spot that, 11 years ago, defined "po boy" for me. Fried oysters, fried shrimp, dressed, please! Grab beer, sit down on royal, and begin ascension to the heavens. The sesame seed bread was something of a standout--a bit more pliable than the competitors, and soaked up the dressing adequately, so that you could smoosh the whole tangy, crispy, salty entity into your face and moan, without getting any on your self or, even worse, onto the intersection of Gov. Nichols and Royal. They used to have a big glass case, stuffed with macaroni, potato salad, friend catfish, pork ribs, jambalaya. It'd been 7 years since my last visit, and I still remember almost every exquisite item. So, I get there this year. Things have changed. There was Katrina, the BP spill, and then a fire. I bust into this shop, raging with hunger and anticipation, and a mind awash in nostalgia and other chemicals. $12!!!! Waaaaaaait a minute. The "best kept secret in the French Quarter" seems to have gotten out. What a bummer. I grudgingly ordered my oyster and shrimp po boy anyways, and grab an Abita out the fridge. Still every bit as satisfying as those late nights/early mornings wandering around the quarter in a stupor, trying to find the sustenance that will fuel and inspire the dangerous journey back Uptown. But it was gone so quickly! I don't know if it was smaller, or if I just jammed it into my face with excessive, glutonous gusto, only to be punished for not chewing by a fit of indigestion and an experience that ended far too quickly. I'll be back, until I find the next "best kept secret", or run out of loot. This was once a 5-star poboy, but its become a bit more of a "rich brat", albeit one that I can't stay mad at.Oyster Po Boy was the best I had in Nola (best all time was in Vancouver BC). Fairly plump juicy beasts that even my daughter unwittingly devoured. Don't expect ambience at this hole in the wall - it's otherwise a stripped down, unmanicured bodega. I think it was about $15.We arrived and a whole bunch of people were ahead of us.  The ordering process was pretty fast, but then the wait was over 20 minutes, and there is no place to sit outside.   I'd say the food was worth the wait though.  I had an All That Jazz, substituting provolone for the American cheese (I think American cheese is a foul substance), and it was a great sandwich.  It came wrapped, but it needed a plastic bag, too; the sauce dripped all over the place.  I use a wheelchair and couldn't get in through the narrow aisles - my friend had to order for me.  Boo.  
Cash only.Wow. Didn't expect a sandwich to taste so good. My boyfriend wanted to try this place out. When we walked in I noticed that it's a store with a deli in the back area. I wasn't really feeling it and said I didn't want anything. He grabbed his shrimp philly and we found a bench to sit so he could eat. 
That sandwich smelled so good that I asked for a bite. Wow. I ended up eating half of the sandwich. Really good! Can't even describe the flavors. I regret not ordering my own sandwich. Will def go here again.my god has this place gone downhill.
that's what you get when you get famous.
would the REAL Verdi Mart please stand up?Wanna eat like a local and seem like you're in the know? Come here! Was referred to this place by a local for the "All That Jazz" sandwich. I knew it must be good when a local came in after me and ordered the same thing. We had to wait a LONG time for it to be done. The Marte is small and definitely a neighborhood place, located in the Quarter but a bit off the beaten path. I waited it out. They only take cash, as I realized during my wait. It's a hole in the wall market but serves its purpose. When I got my sandwich, it was hot and as big as advertised. I had already eaten so I saved it for what ended up being a post-night out filler. It was as advertised. Delicious. Not sure what all was in it, but def. chicken breast. I'm a fan and I'm keeping this place in my mental Rolodex as a go-to spot for those who want an authentic NOLA experience.I came here for a late night poboy and the experience left more to be desired. It took over 1 hour to order and get my shrimp po boy.  Verti Marte takes a lot of phone orders and that just delayed the ordering process for the people who came here in person.  My shrimp po boy was just ok, I've had better. I can see the draw to this place is that they are open late but if you are super hungry it's not worth your time.Get yo Po-Boy here!!! Excellent sandwich. Can't say enough good things about the food. A large sandwich fed 2 of us and it was oh so tasty. 
We were deceived at the door thinking we had the wrong place, but make your way to the deli in the back. 
Extensive and impressive menu. Looked like there were more options than just the menu, fresh cooked homemade food in the display cases. By far one of the best meals we have had in NOLA. 
Bonus: cold beer in the refrigerators at reasonable prices. Try also have these cute "buzz ballz" which were $3.50 and worth every dime LOL!! 
Extra Bonus: deli is open till 4am. 
Would absolutely return and recommend.... Or maybe I won't so I can keep this hidden gem to myself. Enjoy! Worth the walk and the wait.Life just would not be the same without Verti Marte. 
What makes this convenience store so special? Well, in a word, EVERYTHING! It is one of my favorite places to grab a bite each time I am visiting. This place is the epitome of one stop shopping and absent being told of this place, you would peg it for a 24/7 neighborhood grocery store. While it is a 350 sq ft neighborhood store, it is also some of the best take out food you will ever eat in the New Orleans for a reasonable price. I literally crave their po-boys and Mac n cheese. And when I'm in the mood for something else, I stare into the front display case and select my items as if I am in a cafeteria style line. 
While the food is reasonably priced, it has a few "hidden costs".  It is take out only, parking is hard to find,  it is cash only and it seriously takes anywhere from 15-20 minutes for preparation, warming or whatever they are doing to complete each order. The wait is frustrating because there is very little standing room. You will slide past others and adjust to let others by while you are waiting. But know this. It is totally worth dealing with! VM has the goods!
A po-boy is not a po-boy without Leidenheimer bread. Verti uses Leidenheimer. While I am overly obsessed over their All the Jazz po-boy, I out a few of the others in heavy rotation. I am a fan of their grilled shrimp po-boy, the royal feast, Hot Sausage with Cheese and their Philly Chicken po-boys too. VM has amazing turkey burgers and grilled cheese sandwiches too. If you are a fan of special sauces, add their wow sauce to your order. It'll have you moaning and saying wow, this is so good (.... in my Frank Davis voice).
If you are in the FQ area and can not or will not visit the store, you have another option. Verti offers delivery service.  While I am often in a position to order delivery, I admittedly enjoy the cramped up, wait in line experience because I appreciate the deliciousness all the more. 
Bon appetite!Ordered the all that jazz and side of jambalaya, didn't have to wait that long and the staff was ridiculously helpful and nice. Sandwich was pretty good, I don't know about "drop everything you're doing and try this damn sandwich!" good, but, enough to make me want to try more! The jambalaya was pretty good as well. Microwaved in front of me, which of course is always a buzz kill, but I understand.