This is a must stop in NOLA! Food and cocktails were fantastic! We only stopped for apps and drinks the fries, flatbread, cheese plate and fish dip were stellar!Wonderful experience!  Fabulous venue.  Delicious food. Only problem was we couldn't find it! We didn't realize it was in an old church
A group of six diners had a really outstanding meal! Definitely recommend the homemade cheeses, esp the ricotta with truffle.  The smoked fish dish was also wonderful. For entrees we had the mussels, Caesar salad, octopus, fettuccine and oil braised chicken. Each dish was unique and each was delicious. 
We can't wait to go back!Had to go with a work group and they picked it for the novelty of a former church now being used as restaurant and bar. Limited options for vegetarians and virtually nothing for vegans. Portions were small and pricey. Much better options in NOLA.On the advice of a local, we visited Vessel for a late evening dinner.  Our waiter, Louis, was extremely helpful with both food and beverage suggestions.  I have to say the brown butter fries were my favorite, but all the other items my party and I had were delicious.  They make many things like cheese and sorbet in house.  We enjoyed the dinner so much, we returned the next night for more!Can't review this place too much. I went on a Friday night at 8pm for some drinks at the bar. The ambience was really nice but loud. I ordered a Tom Collins which was a bit watered down. 
Would go again.Very cool and weird place. I loved my meal and the entire experience. A bit on the slow side for a very not busy night.Nice bar, food was average, portions were small. Would be a great place to grab drinks, but not up to par for dining. 
Fish dip- tasty
Pickle plate- good but minuscule portions
Chicken Caesar salad- hardly any chicken and tasteless dressing 
Mussels- inexplicable thick red gravy that did not compliment the mussels 
Prediction- sad to see another restraunt fail at this unique location....This Vessel isn't going to make it.Shrimp and grits were delectable! Menu is limited for brunch, but I also have had the cheeseburger before and it's delectable as well! Drinks are great! Great music! Kinda busy today, seems they may need more staff.The building is amazing, the staff is great , and the food is good. Great for drinks and appetizers.Four of us ate here on a Friday night. This restaurant is just beautiful. It is in an old, renovated church. We had reservations, so we were seated immediately. Billy, our server, was awesome. We had a lot of food. We started out with some brown butter garlic fries. Yummy! Some of us shared a bibb lettuce salad. It was very good. Others ordered the crispy pork belly, risotto with smoked rabbit, fennel, wild mushroom, and pomegranate. Both were delicious. We also had the cheeseburger with a fried egg on top and the butcher's cut of prime beef, which happened to be a hangar steak. All of it was very delicious. We really enjoyed all of our food. We ordered dessert, bread pudding with chartreuse ice cream. It took a while for it to come, so we ended up telling them, no big deal, just cancel the order. Billy was very nice about it. The manager came over and went above and beyond. We ended up getting the dessert, but to make up for our trouble, we were comped the dessert and a round of drinks. It was absolutely not necessary, but was greatly appreciated. Great customer service!!! The bread pudding was very good, but the chartreuse ice cream was outstanding! Different, but outstanding!!! It was a great dining experience. I look forward to our next visit! Highly recommend!!!Food is pretty good. Customer service is only okay. Food took a long time and our server was not attentive. We finished our plates wanting to order dessert but we just sat there for 15-20 minutes in a half full restaurant waiting for our severs attention. All in all it's good but service killed the experience.
Didn't order the fries but man they looked amazing.Not the same old place. Food is exceptionally pleasing to the palette. The flavor combinations stand alone on the upper tier of mid-city dining. Staff and service match the excitement of the dishes.Really cool ambience and diverse cocktail menu. The pork belly was awesome and I recommend hanging out at the bar.Vessel NOLA is a cool looking place. It used to be a church which is still evident in the building/decor. We had a group of 6 visit on a Saturday evening and it was a terrible experience. Service was sooooo slow. We arrived at 7pm and it was after 9pm when we got our food. To top that off, the food wasn't worth the wait. The pasta was way undercooked, the french fries were overcooked, and the mac & cheese wasn't cheesy. For some odd reason, they chose to use chicken thighs on the crispy chicken sandwich. Terrible mistake! The sandwich had the potential to be great if only chicken breasts were used instead. The drinks were okay. However, the waitress gave some members of our group free drinks for the wait...but not all. I'm not sure what the criteria was, but we all were waiting for food. Overall, it was a long and tiring experience. I will not be returning.Unique menu.  I had the mussels and fries and tuna.  They were both great.  Loved our waiter Luis, he introduced us to the sazerac and my husband has been downing them since!Went here with a group before a concert last week. Had a great time. They sat our party of 6 immediately as we had made an open table reservation beforehand. The specialty cocktails were great. The Angels envy drink with cold pressed coffee was especially good and I've never had anything like it before. The ambiance was nice and the music was at a good volume. We were very impressed with the scotch selection as well. The smoked fish dip was excellent and so was the Lamb Bolognese. Didn't get to go outside because of the cold weather but the patio looked nice too. We will absolutely be back.Oh wow, this place was incredible! We went for brunch and everything was delicious! I had some of the most amazing waffles I've ever had and my husband had a unique eggs benedict. The mimosas were great as well and service was wonderful. This place definitely isn't in the heart of New Orleans like bourbon street restaurants and other busy places but it is a nice change of pace and we thoroughly enjoyed it! Wish I could have gone back.This place is amazing. 
First off, the location is a unique experience itself. It's located in a beautiful old church that was restored after some damage from Katrina. It's over 100 years old originally. 
Secondly, both the food and drinks are fantastic. My boyfriend and I had five of their classic cocktails off the happy hour menu. I loved them all, but the whiskey sour was probably the favorite between the two of us. Their happy hour is a great deal. Half priced classic cocktails (normally $12) from 4-6 every day. 
Their food was all amazing. We had the pork belly which was flavorful and not fatty like some pork bellies I have had in the past, the garlic brown fries, fish dip, and the lamb tagliatelle. I would order them all again because they were all fantastic. I wish they served a entree sized portion of the pork belly because I could've eaten a few of those! 
Overall, this is my favorite spot in New Orleans so far. I definitely will be back.Most terrible restaurant experience of a lifetime!  Ridiculously overpriced!  Pretentious!  Lousy service with an outrageously long wait for my meal.  I ordered Shrimp and Grits, which is a personal favorite that I frequently order at other high-end restaurants around town.  The shrimp had not been fully peeled and there were shells throughout the grits.  I sent the dish back immediately and ordered a Ceasar Salad with Shrimp in its place.  It took so long for the salad to come out that the rest of my party was finished.  I ate a little bit and boxed the rest.  The salad was mediocre at best and the shrimp was chopped so small they were hardly recognizable.  This was on Mother's Day!  
The small plate epidemic has reached New Orleans and it is a rip-off.  For a party of 8, 3 of whom ordered hamburgers, 1 salad, and 4 entrees, and a bunch of little snacks with side veggies, totaled almost $600.  Nothing served at our table warranted those prices!  We only had 2 bottles of wine, and a few cocktails.  Unbelievable!  Far too many fabulous restaurants in NOLA to waste your time with this one.  
In its attempt to be a hipster haven, the music is terrible, the acoustics are bad, and the seats are incredibly uncomfortable.What a great meal in such a unique location!  Highly recommend this place! Come for the cocktails and stay for the food!  Shrimp and grits were exceptional and fish dip was really outstanding 
Great happy hour from 4-6pmI love the space to start with, it's an old Lutheran Church but the food and staff here really exceed all other places I've visited this far. The bartender gave me some excellent tips and even worked with chef on a vegetarian option for me. They could not have been more gentile.Definitely picture worthy. The food and drinks were decent but the service was slow and our server inattentive. I have a keen sense of smell and it smelled like church wood inside. My husband couldn't smell it though.This place is magnificent. The venue is so out of the ordinary which makes it special not to mention the food is great. Really love the vibes this place gives! Everyone must go at least once!A true foodie restaurant with magnificent decor and truly spectacular wine and cocktail list. Each cocktail we tried and we tried three was a work of art. We also loved the beer choices - a dark nitro beer in a bottle was great l. The cheese plate was spectacular 3 out of 5 were made in house - which adds a real foodie touch. The house pickles were great. The tomato / cucumber salad was remarkable and the cold smoked fish we shared was very unusual and great.
The decor is really vampiry - the restaurant is in an old church and when it gets dark, they have a reddish light on - really picturesque. 
The service was really good
This was my favourite restaurant in New Orleans and in fact what I would expect from the city: a really unique and creative cooking style.Went to Vessel months ago to have drinks at the bar with friends and didn't so much like the bartender we had. I wondered if we'd come back, and after another friend recently mentioned its good food, we gave it a go. It was a busy Saturday last night, but the very nice guy who answered said there were 2 chairs left at the bar where we could get full service, so we hurried there and he greeted us and showed us the seats. It was so nice of them to basically keep those seats open while we parked and walked. Had a much better bartender this time, and also the mussels (I could drink that sauce), smoked fish dip, and shrimp + grits. It's not quite a 5 out of 5 place, but a solid 4 for sure. I really love how beautiful the place is!The duck dish was a bit hard to chew and the meat tasted too salty and rubbery. With that said, I had a very nice cocktail here and the ambiance of the place is pretty cool. It's an actual church turned Bar and restaurant. I loved visiting it, but my main dish was as it was -- a bit salty, rubbery and hard to chew duck. The dessert could be better, but I loved the appetizers!Amazing place hidden in mid city. The ambiance is incredible. In the middle of an old church. Perfect cocktails by great bartenders with food that tastes above and beyond. Best cocktails in the city.What delicious food! A favorite restaurant set in an old church. Wild boar ragu was superb. The homemade lavash bread, fermented pickles, mussels with coconut milk -- this is a foodie paradise!I will start off by saying that the cocktails and wine were very good, and the ambience was fantastic. However, the service and food was extremely poor. I'm a doctor who just moved to New Orleans for work and I have an out of state drivers license. The bartender who checked my ID was very rude about it, asking me to recite my birthday and telling me I look very different from my picture. I understand they need to card people who look young, but there is a better way to do it. I was about to pull out my medical license to prove who I was when he decided to serve me. I should have left then, but I was with a friend who wanted to try this place. The menu looked interesting, however the food was extremely disappointing. The portions were very small for the price. At one point we ordered a large plate, the brodo, which says "communal" on the menu for sharing and it was very small with only one piece of bread. I asked for more bread and was never brought any. If something says communal, I expect to be able to share it. I left hungry after being interrogated and paying a $100 dollar bill. Will not be back.
Update: the manager's nasty response to my post just validates my point about their poor customer service. There are hundreds of places in New Orleans to get a fantastic meal with cocktails, wine and food for $87 plus tip and not leave hungry and disappointed. Also, Joe did you notice while you were watching the video that the 23 year old who sat down next to me half way through my meal was not carded? I asked her how old she was because I was so appalled. A universal policy is only such if you enforce it universally.Fun, cool, nice vibe!  Friendly, attentive staff!  Happy hour has a nice drink selection at reasonable prices. :)  If you are getting the martini you may want to upgrade the vodka to Ketel One or something. :)This place has a lot going for it, someone knows what they are doing. The food is good. Actually, I should say the lamb Bolognese is really good, even as it strays from tradition. It is he only thing I tried. It was well execute. The sauce was flavorful even though if would have benefited from further reduction. 
This place worries me though. I don't think it's viable. It is buried deep in a neighborhood. What is death in other cities is not necessarily death in New Orleans. 
Here is my heartfelt and experienced opinion. The one thing I can suggest (knowing it might not at first seem rational), is to replace the frosty windows at the front of the space with clear glass, so that people can see how beautiful it is inside. There are too many barriers to entry.Had high expectations and I do feel bad because it seems like the staff was trying their best.  The manager came over and asked us how everything was.  However there were so many issues , and in New Orleans there are so many places to go I'm being strict with my rating on this one.  We won't be going back (except to have a drink - bar was good!)
Hostess - great job seating us and keeping us informed during our short wait.
Bar - best part of the experience - had a dirty martini with 3 very fresh green olives. Hubbie had a Negroni , also very good for a somewhat uncommon cocktail.
Server - very nice however seemed to be overwhelmed with too many tables
Food - good but too heavy.  Got the rabbit pate with biscuit.  Biscuit was undercooked or else had too much butter in it.  Brussel sprouts and broccoli - nice try but just too much butter and sauce (this is a common problem with veggies I find). Muscles with fries - Fries are tossed in a brown butter they told me and those WERE tremendous.  However paired with the sauce for the muscles, again just too heavy.   The whole meal needed more balance.  Chef is heavy handed with everything - lighten up please!
The part I really didn't like was the pace of the meal.  We waited a long time for our drink and our check at the end but the food all came at once and our table was crowded with 3 hot plates that I felt rushed to eat.If you are looking for a neat place to eat, this is definitely unique - super old church transformed into a restaurant/bar and it's done very well. Definitely worth a visit for that. It's very clean and spacious, just a beautiful space. As for the food, offerings were unique and pretty good - maybe a B.
Now for the negatives:
- Family friendly - but no high chairs or boosters? Really? Weird. Tons of families in there including us that were struggling to juggle our squirrelly kids while trying to enjoy our meal. 
- Service - our waitress was nice and fairly attentive but she wasn't "all there." When we told her our coffee was bitter - she didn't offer to try it, get us a fresh cup or refund the coffee - she proceeded to tell us it was a Colombian blend with citrus notes and that we just weren't used to the taste. We just left it at that but it was definitely strange and not the proper way to treat a customer IMHO.
We won't be back but it's definitely worth checking out if you are looking for a unique place to eat or for dinner/drinks at night. Not really a kid friendly place at all.I have been here 6 times since it opened. I love the building/ambiance and the cocktail menu is excellent. I went to brunch for the first time. I've eaten here before and thought the food was good, albeit a bit pricey. I ordered the chicken and waffles. At $16, i was a bit hopeful it would be good. I got half of a waffle and two small strips of thigh meat. On top of that, there was a weird sauce poured over it. Now, this dish should really be crispy. I've only ever had it with syrup, which I have the option of pouring myself. This sauce was wet and heavy and ruined whatever flavors might have been present. I highly recommend removing that sauce. I will stick to the drink menu moving forward.This is a good place to go for fancy cocktails and fancy ambience.  I really can't rate the food quality since I only managed to eat a few items off of the small bites list. But the small bites were pretty tasty.  One of the main attractions is the look and feel of the place. Apparently it was an old church, so it still has that vibe to it.   The bartenders were pleasant and quick with the service. The price tag wasn't too bad... but I spend most of my time during happy hour, so that might be misleading. 
Nice place for a date or redemption.First place we went to for dinner in New Orleans and it didn't disappoint. It's not located in the hustle and bustle of everything but I though that was a nice way to start our vacation. The building is an old church and I loved the look and feel of the place! The menu was unique but not over whelming which I can appreciate. We had an appetizer of the brown butter fries which were addictive and some of the best fries I've ever had. My boyfriend had the burger that was on the menu. Unfortunately I can't remember what is was called but he loved it. I had the shrimp and grits and it was amazing!! Our server was awesome and gave us some good recommendations for drinks and dancing. And when he found out it was my friends birthday he brought over some cake for us to share. All in all great food, great atmosphere, and an overall friendly vibe. Please make this a place to visit on your trip to NOLA!Beautiful ambiance, great food and drinks, great service and good prices! I'll be a regular for sure!My husband and I just had an infuriating experience at Vessel. We had stopped there at 6:00pm for a drink and snack before heading to the Quarter for dinner with friends. The bartender came when I sat, gave us menus, and water soon after we arrived. Then we waited and waited while she chatted with someone at the end of the bar, did some set up and generally ignored us. She finally looked our way, we were looking directly at her expecting her to come our way, she proceeded to grab her phone out of her pocket and walked outside! We decided to leave after she didn't come back in a few moments. When we got to our car, she was still outside chatting with a co-worker! We were about to order two expensive glasses of wine and an appetizer. Now we're having exactly that around the corner.COME HERE FOR THE DRINKS ONLY!!!!!! My experience here was a strong hit and miss! The presentation was great but I wish the the food matched the appearance. 
Let's start with the miss: The coffee was horrible! We had it made twice and it was soooo bitter. Second time was through the process of French press. Worse than the first batch. Disappointing for a coffee lover such as myself. The waiter was obviously annoyed for having to re-serve my coffee but it was straight toilet water! Not my fault or his but I guess he his attitude had to be displayed on someone (me: the customer) *deepest eye roll*.
My fiancée ordered the burger and fries but the burger patties were obviously previously frozen and tough....overpriced for frozen "store bought tasted" patties. 
I originally ordered the fried chicken thigh and biscuits but was told I couldn't have that combo that was offered on the menu. They offered chicken and waffles instead (boneless chicken breast) which was surprisingly great. The funny part about this was we ordered additional biscuits with our entree. 
My eggs...let's talk about the eggs. I ordered a side of eggs over easy and everything was raw! The whites was clear through and through! Drinking it out of a cup would have been easier than trying to eat them with utensils. Asks waiter for a remake and it came out the same. Disappointing.
Ok now to the hits: the burger was nicely dressed...that's all I have about that. The fries was awesome and the ketchup to pair was delicious and unique. The chicken and waffles was a great mistake. Waffles was sweet, no need for syrup which was light and crispy the way I like it but only get a half of a waffle :(
I would say this place needs to step it up on their food! Prices DOES NOT match the quality.Terrible. Menu limited. Shrimp and grits. 4 little shrimp. Nothing much. Swordfish no flavor. Ribeye medallions no taste. Pork belly miniature serving. And dessert a joke. Dry piece of cake. No choices.We really wanted to like this place.  It is close to our house, we have been there multiple times, and he whiskey selection is very good. However, the service and food was subpar to say the least. The menu item we ordered was substantially different when it arrived than how it was described. The manager made little effort to rectify the situation, and the item we got in place of what we ordered was not even comped. Vessel missed an opportunity to have loyal customers by erring on the side of cheapness, which is exactly what Vessel feels like.Reading other reviews I was walking into this thinking food would be "ok". Service should be decent, and drinks and atmosphere would be great. Close but not really. 
My visit was cut short. We decided to start at the bar because we didn't know what to expect. Have a few cocktails, order a snack and go from there. Didn't even make it that far. 
Let's start with the surroundings. I've been there to the previous places and not much has changed. Not that it is bad, it's actually a very cool looking place, no complaints there. 
It was a Wednesday night so not a ton of people there. In fact maybe 3 tables full and 2 couples at the bar. We sat at the bar and it seemed the bartender was not very friendly at all. Took her a very long time to even acknowledge us. When she finally did, I ordered 2 drinks and the Fries appetizer. She literally snapped at us verbatim "One thing at a time guys, I'll get to your food order later." 
Soooo no thanks for staying. The drinks were great but that's the only thing I could say good about it. She did eventually make her way back to us to
Order that food in which we were already finishing the first round. We wanted to drink to get a buzz not sit there empty all night and get attitude. 
In essence, there are too many great restaurants in New Orleans that make you feel welcome, have great service, and great food to make me want to go back. Of course I like giving places a second chance but rarely do only because it doesn't come to mind.This place gets one star for their truly terrible customer service. 
I went to Vessel for a happy hour with some friends, and ordered one vodka soda. I had my partner close my tab and he signed on my behalf. He thought I had two or more drinks when in reality that was not true. The tab was $28. For one drink. And, to add insult to injury, my card was charged $28 twice.
I called the bar to rectify the issue which I thought was a simple miscommunication. The very rude manager Joe said that because we had a large party that they placed additional drinks that were not mine on my tab. He said that they would not be fixing the issue and that it was my fault that they so unbelievably over charged me.
This was customer service on the worst level. So, in short: shitty manager, shitty bartender, and what I guess is a (shitty) $28 vodka tonic.Cool old church converted to a restaurant. Small for an old church but just the right size. Brunch was good and had the mega double burger. It was good and a lot to eat. However how do you serve cold fries when it's one of the first orders of the day and there are only four tables?  Cold fries with a burger is like a warm beer on a hot day - no bueno. 
Worth another try.In an old church so the space is amazing. Went for happy hour with friends. A bit expensive, would like to try other foods. Staff is exceptional!Mmmm, mmmm, mmmmm...Wish I had tried it sooner! To start, the place is amazingly beautiful. Church-looking building, completely modernized on the inside. Great decor and lighting. They have bar, tall tables, and regular table seating, in addition to a small lounge area near the entrance. The cocktails were great, not too sweet. We had several items: the fries (the aioli is great), the smoked fish dip (couldn't get enough), the grilled octopus (perfectly cooked), the smoked whole fish (I could have eaten one by myself), and a brownie for dessert (accompanied by ice cream and some kind of sour'ish whipped cream that was the perfect compliment to the chocolate. The only thing that was not perfect is that the service felt a tiny bit rushed, but not enough to erase the goodness of the food. Visit asap!!!Ate here for Sunday Brunch. Beautiful space, wonderful staff, and excellent food. Worth the trip outside the French Quarter. Hash fries were the bomb!  Shrimp & grits awesome!  Wild boar Benedict so good! 
Great Bloody Mary as well.I went to Vessel on my last night in New Orleans, and it did not disappoint. First of all, the restaurant is gorgeous and unique (in a repurposed church). The lighting set the mood, and the colors were great. The food, however, was the show. I ordered the biscuit and rabbit rillette (flavorful!); the shrimp and grits (delicious); and the chocolate cake with roasted white chocolate pudding (now, this was to die for. I'd eat pints of the pudding by itself).
My waitress Breanne and the bartender were very friendly! My reservations were about 15 minutes before the restaurant closed, but in no way did I feel rushed at all.
What I loved, however, is that Breanne recalled that I had canceled my reservations meant for two nights before I went. They said they were very grateful I made it a priority to come back. That was a great touch -- remembering not only who showed up, but who didn't but made it a point to return.We decided to try dinner at Vessel last night.  Overall, the experience was enjoyable - food was great, prices were fair (7 snack/small plate dishes + 2 cocktails for $98 pre-tip) but we did feel that the service could have been better.  
The menu had a lot to offer, but was well-organized and easy to navigate.  We ordered cocktails and opted to do a number of small plates (7 in total).  Based on the types of items we decided to order, we felt that the timing of the food could have been a little better - first, the food runner brought out our pretzel with house-fermented mustard and the rabbit rillette with biscuits (those biscuits were to die for).  Not long after we started those dishes, someone brought out the snapper crudo (one of the best things we ate last night as it had the unique addition of a sorbet under each bite of snapper) and the scallop bruschetta (AMAZING and unlike any scallop dish we've had before).  The table got a little over-crowded at that point.  
After those four small plates hitting the table very close to one another, there was about a 10 minute break.  Kind of odd since we had just gotten a lot of food at once.  Our final dishes were the boar ragu (meh), okra (SO delicious if you like okra in all it's slimy glory - the flavors and pan sauce were great) and eggplant flatbread (nice, light and full of flavor since the thin flatbread didn't overpower the toppings).  
Again, the food was really great and has some unique touches, but our main gripe is that we finished our final dishes and then sat there for over 10 minutes before having to ask another server to have OUR server bring us the check.  No one had come to our table once the final dishes were dropped off and it wasn't a packed house full of tables, so it seemed kind of unacceptable.  Throughout the meal, I honestly think the server for the table next to us stopped at our table and talked to us about our dishes more than our actual server.  
Despite the spotty service, we will still be going back to try more menu items and cocktails because the vibe is honestly really cool and laid back.It would serve them well to MAKE A SIGN OUTSIDE so you could see the building. From Canal St it just looks like a church.So my bride picked this locale to have a go at their burger. The setting is a former Lutheran church. It was formerly know as the Redemption but now know as the Vessel. Beautifully unique interior with wood floors, vaulted high ceilings with wood beams and rafters. The windows in the evening sun give the entire interior a glow.
I ordered the mushroom risotto with grilled rabbit, fennel, oyster mushrooms with a sprinkle of  pomegranate. 
My lovely picked the classic cheeseburger which was packed with cheddar, 10oz double stack, on brioche bun and delicious home made fries. Abigail, our waitresses, suggested the fried Brussel Sprouts.
Lastly was the homemade ice cream with Fruity Peebles (not a fan but I had to try)I am updating my previous review for this one but I won't erase the other one- will leave it just in case because I simply don't know what to say.  I had this place ranked at 5 stars before.   
We came here for New Year 2018 celebration and the food was just awful with the exception of the green salad which if you ask me was perfection.
The first fish was risotto which I did not think had enough flavour.   
The second dish was the salad which I loved.  
The main was a duck which neither I nor my husband could eat at all and based on the reactions of some of our neighbors they were not impressed either.  
The dessert was woeful - I am not even sure it was made the same day.  
I still love the decor - it is an old church with red lighting and it looks mysterious and gothic and very New Orleany.   But the New Year vibe was not very pronounced we were not even sure they were going to do a toast at 12 - which they did - but a bit understated celebration never the less.
In summary I actually don't know if the restaurant went bad or if it is just because they had a set menu and a lot of people.  It wasn't foodie at all and was very disappointing- hoping it was just the event  fluke.   Read my old review below.
Old review: A true foodie restaurant with magnificent decor and truly spectacular wine and cocktail list. Each cocktail we tried and we tried three was a work of art. We also loved the beer choices - a dark nitro beer in a bottle was great l. The cheese plate was spectacular 3 out of 5 were made in house - which adds a real foodie touch. The house pickles were great. The tomato / cucumber salad was remarkable and the cold smoked fish we shared was very unusual and great.
The decor is really vampiry - the restaurant is in an old church and when it gets dark, they have a reddish light on - really picturesque. 
The service was really good
This was my favourite restaurant in New Orleans and in fact what I would expect from the city: a really unique and creative cooking style.Great service but the food was pretty brutally awful. Rubbery chicken, rubbery pasta, plastic like textured "baked Mac and cheese" that didn't taste at all like there was any cheese, the dessert dish we got was supposed to be a chocolate cake with ice cream and the ice cream was good the the "cake" was essentially just coffee crumbs (absolutely no cake structure or flavor, it was a dirt texture), the fish was good though, and a very cool venue and ambience, but definitely needs work on a few of their menu items if they are going to try to be a somewhat expensive and popular restaurant.Brunch here is incredible! Get the Korean Fried Chicken and thank me later. And a $20 bottle special for mimosas is not bad either. Service is incredible, especially if Taylor is your waitress. My better half got the Wild Boar Ragu and she loved it!
DEFINITELY COME GET BRUNCH HERE!!! Been here 2 weeks in a row. Might make it 3!Found this place by pure happenstance! Thank you IG! Do yourself a favor, grab an Uber leave the French Quarter and head over to Midcity to experience Vessel Nola. Church turned restaurant/bar. This place appeals to all your senses. Walking in, your eyes will be awed by the charming exterior and gorgeous interior. Thr windows, the artwork, the exposed beams and chandelier walking in are quite a sight! Vessel Nola takes drinking and transforms it into an experience with their handcrafted cocktails. Thr manager and staff are a gem. The hostess went above and beyond to help us find some antacid for a member in our group so he could enjoy the evening. Ask for Zachary, his mixology is an art. He makes a wicked Paloma and Boardroom! Nestle into the leather couch in the corner and enjoy the taste of your drink, the great music and relax! Keep your Bourbon Street and Grenades, that is for novices and tourists, this is adult drinking, this is NOLA! 
Seriously, this place is worth the visit!Driving by in our Uber I pointed out Vessel thinking it was a cute church but then I saw all the liquor bottles in the window! Because the concept of church turned bar/restaurant made me laugh, we made it a point to go back and check it out.
We went for drinks. I'm a little picky with the drinks I like but the bartender made me a custom drink that I loved! My husband and friends enjoyed theirs, as well. Good drinks, awesome ambiance!I had been here once before for drinks, and my girlfriend had been here twice, with me and once for dinner. She raved about the food, so we came here for Valentine 's Day. She looked stunning in a purple dress and super high heels. My heart skipped a beat when she opened the door to let me in. She looked that good. 
After chatting with a friend who happened to be at the bar, we sat down and scrutinized the menu  and wine list. We felt like red wine, so I ordered the Copertino which turned out to be a great choice, medium heavy, with fruit and spice and not too tannic. A great buy at $40. The wine list was a little pricey in my book with only a few bottles in that range or less. 
The menu is divided into several sections - snacks, appetizers, small plates and entrees. Surprisingly, there were only 4 entrees. I came specifically to try the chicken which is prepared sous vide. What I didn't know was there were other dishes prepared sous vide as well, so we ordered the chicken and the pork chop. To start we ordered the smoked fish spread which is served with grilled lavash which are very tasty in and of themselves. The fish dip too is excellent, very light, almost like velvet, and smokey.
The entrees did not disappoint. The chicken consists of a boneless breast and thigh served over greens and mushrooms. It was perfectly cooked with skin like a cracklin'. The pork chop too was awesome, served medium, with what I would call an apple gastrique  which was phenomenal. The chop comes with celery, a little weird but tasty. 
The ambiance of the place needs to be mentioned. It's a beautiful place with a gorgeous ceiling and stunning stained glass windows, befitting of the church it once was. The wait staff and management are both top notch too. Joe, the general manager, stopped by the table. He remembered us from last time. The bar had been busy so he hustled down a bartender to get our drinks. A prince of a guy. And Chloe our server was the best although I'm a little biased in her favor because she said we were the cutest couple in the place. A doll she is. 
I predict Vessel is here to stay. It was bustling with a very chic crowd. I know I'll be back!Wonderful! The style and design of this church turned restaurant is what drew us here. The food is going to bring us back. We had 6 different plates and every one was extremely enjoyable. And the ambience of this little place....wow. :)My fiancé and I dined on the garlic brown butter fries, soft pretzels , gulf snapper cayenne brodo, shrimp speck cream corn and arugula flatbread and the audit chile Chocolate Cake!!!! Where do I begin.  Everything was delicious .  We dined on small plates because we knew we were drinking and having dessert.  The aioli sauce for the garlic brown butter fries was exquisite.  Wyatt was our "mixologist" who created the cocktail menu filled with a variety of sinful concoctions that will make you want to confess all your dirty deeds from the week.  The shrimp flare was a perfect blending of flavors with the corn, arugula and fish flakes.  If I wasn't already engaged this would be a perfect spot to take someone for date night.  The ambiance is perfect for getting to know someone in the "biblical sense".  Finally the chocolate cake!!!! Orgasmic.  Every ingredient could be its own dessert.  From the chocolate pudding to the cherry sorbet.  We devoured every last bite even though we were full from the shared small plates .  We will definitely be frequenting this establishment and I am sure it will become the new hotspot in the city .We came here today for brunch after a recommendation from the hostess at our hotel. The man who waited on us was quite slow and odd... e.g. he would fill up a coffee cup half full... walk away a few steps then walk back admitting that he didn't really fill it all the way. He never told us about the specials which we only found out existed as we listened to him tell other tables... took forever to bring mimosas (delish ones) even though they weren't busy...I could go on. His actions weren't awful, but off putting. 
As for the food, the wild boar polenta was AMAZING! I would come back every Sunday for that dish! The pancake was also quite tasty and the veggie scramble had good flavor, but could have been better as the eggs were quite over cooked. 
Bottom line, go for the wild boar.. Hope you get a different server. I hate to be mean, but he really seemed like he'd never been a waiter before.. maybe he hadn't???Fantastic service. Ate at the bar and every bartender was willing to help us out. Very attentive staff. Food was amazing; not your typical heavy New Orleans cuisine. Favorites were the snapper crudo and the caramelle pasta!!Beautiful dining room and patio! Everything we tried on the menu was amazing! Ask for a side of jam with your biscuit!The service was absolutely wonderful from the minute we stepped in the door! The hostess and waiter were so friendly and attentive! We got the boar pate app and it was delish! I got the strawberry salad and mushroom flatbread and they were both perfection! My boyfriend got the alfredo which came with huge shrimp, yummy sauce, and noodles that appeared and tasted like they were made in-house. Yum-O!! The down for debauchery drink was also so smooth and delicious.  I would definitely recommend this place, but beware if you are a huge eater.. the portions are on the smaller size. We left satisfied but not stuffed, perfect place for dinner before going out! And why not just get started there because the drink menu is rolling! Hee hee!A rainy night in New Orleans meant that this popular spot was a little more empty. Win for us. We walked in, got seated, and ordered a drink. The food here was yummy, with the pickles being my favorite, but the star of this evening was the incredible cocktails.  We had a high quality Old Fashioned, an other worldly Manhattan, a Blood and Sand, a mezcal drink, and another bourbon drink. The bartender was wonderful. Get the octopus, get the fries, but be sure to order plenty of high quality, high end cocktails!Not only is Vessel Nola an architectural wonder but the food and service is about as good as it gets. With an "alter of liquor" and witty menu items...so much thought went to every detail. If you're in the area as a local or tourist, I would definitely recommend this hip spot.This building was cool as shit.  My friends dragged me off the couch to come here for a quick snack because they thought I'd like the aesthetic.   They were right.  This place is a good blend between swanky and low-key.  The service was excellent in a way that isnt invasive.  The food was good and they have a very diverse spirit and cocktail selection at really reasonable pricing.  Also if it counts for anything they pass my litmus test for "sexy lighting": low enough not to see a blemish on anyone but bright enough to read the menu.Excellent. Flavors are on point. Balanced, clean flavors with local, seasonal ingredients.  Keen, knowledges staff.Loved it! Gorgeous interior. Super friendly bartenders. Sunday happy hour 2-6! We'll be back.The cocktails were fabulous! The wait staff even more awesome! The food delightful. The ambiance of the historic church was the icing on the cake! Don't miss it!We decided to try dinner at Vessel last night.  Overall, the experience was enjoyable and the food was great!
The menu had a lot to offer, but was well-organized and easy to navigate.  We ordered cocktails and opted to do a number of small plates (7 in total).  Based on the types of items we decided to order, we felt that the timing of the food could have been a little better - first, the food runner brought out our pretzel with house-fermented mustard and the rabbit rillette with biscuits (those biscuits were to die for).  Not long after we started those dishes, someone brought out the snapper crudo (one of the best things we ate last night as it had the unique addition of a sorbet under each bite of snapper) and the scallop bruschetta (AMAZING and unlike any scallop dish we've had before).  The table got a little over-crowded at that point.  
After those four small plates hitting the table very close to one another, there was about a 10 minute break.  Kind of odd since we had just gotten a lot of food at once.  Our final dishes were the boar ragu (meh), okra (SO delicious if you like okra in all it's slimy glory - the flavors and pan sauce were great) and eggplant flatbread (nice, light and full of flavor since the thin flatbread didn't overpower the toppings).  
We will still be going back to try more menu items and cocktails because the vibe is honestly really cool and laid back.
**note** I had left a slightly less positive review, but have updated it since one of the owners called me to fill me in on things going on at the restaurant that night which contributed to our experience being slightly "off".  It's not every day that you have a business owner that cares enough to follow up with customers.This building is the space that Christian's and Redemption formerly occupied. I didn't have the opportunity to go to either on of those restaurants, so actually eating dinner in what was a former church was a whole new experience for me.
From top to bottom, this place is just divine. I love the fact that the restaurant is situated in a "reworked" church, and still has the feel with the stained glass windows and high ceilings. The atmosphere is cozy, yet elegant and everything is just beautiful. The staff here might be the friendliest staff in town. I know that some of you might say it's because the place is so new, but I was greeted by multiple people when I arrived, a few staff members stopped by during dinner to inquire about the meal and I got a friendly goodbye on my way out the door.
I started off with the #gooddecisions cocktail as I looked over the menu. Everything here sounds so amazing, and I like that they have a nice selection of options from seafood and pork to chicken and vegetable dishes. For my appetizers I got the 3 cheese plate which came with the chef's choice of cheeses as well as the rabbit rillette, which is basically a pâté, The cheese was delicious- I wish I could remember exactly what the cheeses were, but I really enjoyed them. The rabbit rillette was out of this world. It was full of flavor and a biscuit came on the side so it could be spread. It was really rich, and if I was just getting a drink and an appetizer here, this is exactly what I would order.
For my entree, I got the whole smoked fish, charred eggplant, house yogurt, eggplant & black sesame seed purée. The fish is indeed a whole fish which comes with the bones in and head on. It was delicious! The fish had enough meat on it that the bones being in it wasn't a problem at all and they were fairly easy to "pick out". The fish had a smoky flavor that was good without being overwhelming. The eggplant was perfectly roasted and the yogurt was a nice touch and mellowed out the flavor of the fish a bit- it was a nice balance of flavors.
I loved my experience here and I am excited to return. On the night I was here the crowd was pretty thin, but I am sure that this place will definitely "take off" once word gets out about how good it is.Really great space and wonderful food. The octopus and seared okra were my personal favorites. Highly recommended if only for the atmosphere alone.Vessel is like no other restaurant in New Orleans. The bar is spectacular and the craft cocktails are second to none. We had drinks at their amazing bar along with our appetizers (fish dip, pickels and fries)  and than sat for dinner and dessert, all of which were delicious. The best part was dining in a church turned cocktail bar/restaurant. It was also nice not to hassle with parking.  I cannot wait to come back and have brunch on their beautiful patio!Awesome atmosphere and amazing food!! Visited NOLA for the first time and this is definitely going on my list of places to come too again!! Friendly staff and owners as well!!Delicious. Expensive but delicious. Go a little early for happy hour at the bar before dinner. Try a few lower priced apps with your drink. We loved the brown butter fried with lemon aioli. :)I think you can either love or hate this restaurant and it depends on your preference. For me it was a mixed bag. I love the atmosphere and the service was pretty good as well. The drinks were great, the food was tasty but the portions were just a little too skimpy and pricey for my liking. 
I can appreciate really good food that comes in smaller portions but unfortunately for my preference this took it just a little too far. 
We ended up going to Juan's flying burrito to eat right after because the meal did not properly fill us up. 
For example the pasta dish small plate we ordered was $17 and literally had 6 pieces of pasta on it! 
In closing, great taste, great drinks, great atmosphere, small portions.I absolutely loved the atmosphere of this restaurant! The staff in very welcoming and friendly.  The mushroom risotto is packed with flavor and my sister and I really enjoyed the crawfish tagliatelle's blend of spices.  As a non-local, I would definitely visit this place frequently if I lived here!We were there on a Sunday morning for brunch. Staff was very polite but both food and drinks took a long time to arrive. 15-20 minutes for drinks about 35 for food. They were not busy. But I must say drinks and food were delicious. They need to improve in food time delivery or they will not become successful.Impeccable, unique, delicious experience! We wandered around trying to find the restaurant then realized it's in a beautiful old church. The place had a lot of taste and personality, and our bartender was so nice. We had rabbit rillette and duck pate from the snacks menu and the BEST cocktail ever- 'violent delights come to violent ends', inspired by westworld. The fire and brimstone cocktail was good too- smoky and tasty for mezcal lovers.WOW!  Unbelievable food and cocktails. Do not leave without having the fish dip as well as the grilled Lavash.  The entrees are creative and interesting without being too over the top.  I so love this place.  The new owners have done an incredible job of remodeling while keeping the historical significance of the building.  I will definitely go back on a regular basis.Very cool spot. Awesome how it used to be an old church. They did an amazing job remodeling it and turning it into a great hangout place. Mid-city vibe. Nice cocktails.This is a great place for the $$ and the food was outstanding. The service was great and our host Bethany gave great suggestions that were all delish!  The service was outstanding despite it being quite busy and understaffed. I will definitely be back and will recommend to anyone looking for a great place to eat in mid city NOLA.Beautiful restaurant. The food was fantastic, and so were the hand crafted drinks. At some point we just asked our amazing server what we should order.Loved this place.  Off the beaten path of the craziness of the French Quarter.  Beautiful renovation of a church into a restaurant back to a church back to a restaurant.  Excellent food-in particular with red snapper.  Great waiter-Billy.  Worth the departure from the craziness.Vessel is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous and is in an old church in Midcity.  They have an extensive cocktail program and their food is really good as well.  It is definitely a go to spot.Wow great cocktails and great food ! Will go back again. My friend and I met up for happy hour and really enjoyed being there. It's a bit on the loud side tho because it's one big cavernous room.Amazing place. Right down from the old authentic church to the amazing food and cocktails we had A-blast. I highly recommend itDelicious cocktails, Dylan and Denzel made my night by crafting cocktails especially geared for my palate!!! The bomb.comWe really enjoyed our latest experience at Vessel. Drinks, food, and service were great.Outstanding food in a hip setting bringing this amazing space to life. Lively, and fun! Not cozy but a true foodie heaven.The ladyfriend brought me to the Vessel for my annual birthday dinner and as soon as we walked in and I heard The Stones='Street Fighting Man'; I knew it was going to be a good night.  I always look forward to these meals because 1) she pays! and 2) it's always somewhere really cool that I have never been too.  
The Vessel is located in an old church in Mid-City.  They aren't the 1st restaurant to occupy the space but it's still an awesome place to eat.  It's unreal how it still feels like a church yet also feels like a chic cool restaurant.  The windows behind the bar are very "churchy", the mini-pew outside the bathroom, and the view towards the pulpit give it that church feel without being sacrilegious.  The music being played was right up my alley! The Stones, Stevie Wonder, Neil Young, Motown, The Meters, The Beatles... the ladyfriend must have given them my ipod.  
We started off with drinks and their brown butter garlic fries.  I got a Sazerac per my usual and the Vessel's was on point.  The brown butter garlic fries were phenomenal.  Perfectly crisp thin fries that some how had the brown butter and garlic flavor without getting grease and butter on my fingers.  For an entrée I got some sort of wild bore ragu pasta and the lady friend got the shrimp and grits.  Both were really good but mine I liked a little bit better.  I also had an Old Fashioned which was good (not as good as the Sazerac but that's a preference of mine).  The best part is these cocktails say 9.00 on the menu but they were only 6.00 each on the check.  Happy Hour? Regardless it was a steal.  
I think as a bar, building and service this was a 5 star place but in terms of food I give it 4.  What we had was great but the rest of the menu was not anything that jumped out to me.  I could just be getting old but if the food has more than 1 word that I have to Google, I'm not ordering it.  I don't feel like working to eat.  Don't be discouraged by that last sentence, The Vessel is a great place and I will be back even if it's just to sit at the bar to get a few drinks.I  am thrilled that something so good, inviting and affordable came into this perfect spot, formerly known as Christians. The atmosphere is reason to go alone.  The service was impeccable- one of The best waitresses I've had in a long time. Now put the good part, the food - - we ordered the cheese plate, the french fries and the octopus for appetizers. We ordered some vegetables and the chicken for dinner and were quite impressed with the quality of the food. I cannot wait to go back. Finally, our cocktails were amazing and stylish, but also very good!!!! Cannot say enough good things about this place and I am very excited that a good restaurant has finally landed in this wonderful spotJust ok. I found that the food was very pricey and not very good. The service was very slow. It took over 30 minutes for our food to come out which was surprising because the restaurant was very slow. I ordered the Bloody Mary which was really good, and the strawberry salad that was small and not did not taste good. My boyfriend ordered the burger, which was very tasty, it was just overpricedVessel was amazing! We wanted a special New Orleans experience outside of the main tourist area and we definitely got it here! Great service great food! Amazing space in an old church! So many dishes I like I could come every day and get something new! Fantastic service at the bar! Denzel was amazing and very attentive and gave us some great recommendations for the rest of our trip! This is a must!Atmosphere was great. I love the lighting and the staff. My favorite part of service was the bartenders and their cocktail knowledge.Had a dinner of three here this past week. The interior is a beautiful old church. Despite it being a Saturday night, we were seated quickly and were able to order quickly, too. We got the fries and the fish dip as appetizers. Entrees were the cheeseburger with bacon, pork Milanese, and the shrimp and grits. We weren't much impressed with the fries - nothing special, but good. But all the entrees were delicious! Prices were good for the quality of the food. Our server was very attentive without being cloying. She made some helpful suggestions.The setting is really interesting and the food quite good. However, the service was not good, and was served up with attitude.  We had been at the restaurant for over an hour and had not received a morsel of food- neither our salads nor bread. The waiter did tell us that the kitchen was backed up after about an hour, and we requested bread. We asked again about 10 minutes later And were reminded that the kitchen was backed up. Our salads arrived about another 5-10 minutes later, and the bread well after that. And the attitude from the waiter continued throughout. We spoke with the manager on our way out and did get an apology, followed by details on the staffing problems they were having, etc- defensive and not enough to overcome the very bad taste left by unacceptable and unnecessarily poor service.Oh, so good!  My family and I were lucky finding this hidden gem.  We went to Ruby Slipper but didn't feel like waiting over an hour for a table (we had just left church and I was wearing 4inch heels.  Standing and waiting was NOT an option.)
I browsed Yelp for other restaurants close by with little to no wait time and Vessel NOLA fit the bill.  First of all, the building itself is pretty cool.  It is an old church.  The sign for the restaurant is very subtle on the outside so it literally looks like a small white corner church. 
We were seated immediately.  Nice!  The staff was very attentive and patiently answered our questions about the menu.  I had the chicken salad Sammy and my husband had the wild boar ragu.  The dishes were fresh and full of flavor. 
Overall a great brunch experience!  I plan on returning soon to try dinner.Man, I'm so bummed to write this! I checked, and I haven't written a Yelp review since 2015, but last night was unfortunately the worst dining experience I've had in my almost 5 years back in Nola.
I moved to Mid-City a little over a year ago, and it had been my go-to...now it's my go-to-somewhere-else - I brought multiple friends and groups of friends/organizations here over the past year, and loved it. I noticed a (slightly downward) change about 6 months ago, and learned that there's a new owner...still loved it, still went way too often. (The tall guy with the British accent was great!)
Last night I walked in and learned from the hostess that they're no longer doing full service outside where we wanted to sit, so we'd need to order at the bar - okay, fine. I sat at the bar to wait for my friend and wasn't even acknowledged by the 3 bartenders (can I just have a menu, please?) Then my friend arrived and when I turned to greet her I felt drops of liquid raining down on me - turned around and a good 2-3' of the bar had liquid droplets on it? Still have no clue why. Anyway, no big deal. Then my friend and I ordered wine, and I ordered the Cambiata Pinot Noir - was poured the Miemo (sp?) Pinot Noir...which frankly, I really didn't care. My friend was interested because that happens to be her favorite Pinot, so she mentioned to the bartender that she would have ordered that if she knew, but it wasn't listed on the menu. 
What could have happened here, is that the bartender says "Oh, that's your favorite and our menu is jacked up? I'll give you a glass of the Miemo." That didn't happen, and that's fine. 
Then we tried to order food, and were never told one of the apps is no longer available and has been replaced with a different salad...Okay, fine - so there are some menu hiccups here, no big deal. We order food, go outside (get eaten by mosquitos, btw - bring bug spray or wear long pants/shirt!)...our cheese plate arrives and the waitress definitely doesn't know what cheeses are on the plate. What was supposed to be ciabatta was most definitely 3 pieces of toast...literally sandwich bread, toasted. 
Okay, fine.....?
Our main entrees arrive, and these were better, but my fish was definitely overcooked, and it was definitely different than how it was described...it was supposed to be a "rich celery sauce" and I'm 97% sure it was cauliflower puree. 
Okay, fine. 
No one came out to check on us in a good hour at least (no full service, we get it...but any service??), so we finally decided to go inside to order dessert at the bar. We get to the bar, and the bartender abruptly says that the kitchen is closed at 10 pm, no dessert, hard stop. My friend checks her phone and it's 9:58 pm. Again, what *could* have happened here is that the bartender says "I think the kitchen is closed, let me go check and see if something might be available - it may just be something that we have available cold, is that cool?" 
Us: "Sure! Yay, ice cream!" (Or something to that effect.)
At this point we're both in disbelief over *everything*, so my friend asks me if I'm okay with her talking to the manager - I owned a service-based business for 5 years, and had a few instances where customers would go directly to Yelp to express frustration instead of letting me know so I could make it right immediately. In that spirit, I was totally supportive. She asked to speak to the manager, and the bartender immediately seemed to bristle with defensiveness and answered that he's the Manager on Duty. When we shared feedback about the evening, he answered "I heard the bartender tell you it wasn't full service outside - we're just too busy on the weekend" (Ermmmm...at this point the restaurant tables were all empty, but again, okay fine.) And THEN the dessert-blocking-bartender overheard and chimed in with his sass: "I can't help it if your phone says a different time than our system - the kitchen was closed when you asked to order dessert." 
WOW.
So what COULD HAVE happened is that the MOD listened to us and just said "I'm sorry you had that experience, that's not what we strive for, how can I make it right?" And then we pause because really, all people want is to feel heard, amiright?? So then in this fantasy scenario, in that pause he jumps in and says "let me buy you a glass of wine - or if you're heading out, I'll take a glass for each of you off your bill." But that's not what happened - what actually happened is he mis-charged my friend for a more expensive glass of wine, gave us our bill, and we didn't leave a tip. On the way out, we ran into a friend who just walked in with a group of 5 of her friends and she asked us what happened since we were visibly upset and trying to understand what just happened - so we told HER all about it. And now I'm writing a review on Yelp after trying to communicate our concerns to the MOD in person. So, what could've been a net loss of less than $10 is now...well, I know I'm never going back.There were 11 of us the night we went in (family, ranging from mid-60's to 19 years old), and I was tasked with booking a dinner reservation. I'm pleased and surprised to say that everyone LOVED their meal. Consensus by everyone, "best meal we've had in New Orleans, by far"
My goal was to take us outside the French Quarter/downtown area to get away from the traffic and shenanigans of a Saturday night, and found Vessel. We all wanted an "experience" and this former church was able to provide us with a fun atmosphere and scenery that fit the bill. 
The food: we had the cheese starter (2 orders), which was great to share. 
Chicken entree (4 of us ordered that) was to die for! So amazingly simple and good! 
Shrimp & grits was awesome! My uncle and dad raved that it matched Grandma's grits (this has never happened before... nothing is ever as good as grandma's grits) 
Shrimp pasta was a hit as well. They raved about the noodles and texture (be forewarned, the heads come on the shrimp, so they might be looking at you when your plate is placed in front of you) 
The service: Nolan was our server, and was knowledgeable and awesome for handling a table of 11 by himself! He recommended the chicken and shrimp& grits, spot on! Two of our party members came in with a headache/acid reflux and the host was able to get us aspirin and antacids!!! So great! 
Needless to say, I strongly recommend Vessel, as does all eleven members of our party. We will be back!A really cool and different atmosphere with an exciting menu. 
Will definitely go back. 
The. Best. Fries. 
The. Best. Biscuit. 
Great food!Being from out of town, I happened upon Vessel and it has been the best experience yet. 
The food was beyond exceptional but what really stood out was how personable the management, alec and eddie, were to us. 
Our server Mario was very kind and accommodating as well. 
Both Alec and Eddie have done a phenomenal job of creating a great atmosphere and a warm vibe. 
This will always be a must for me when visiting New Orleans. An absolute must to anyone looking for the perfect restaurant.Bethany, Alec and Joe made sure our experience was special. This place is full of a cool vibe and the menu is replete with unique and delicious fare. We tried a little of everything and had a great time. Cast iron octopus, red snapper crudo and the boneless half chicken were particularly well received. We'll be back!!!!Went here for to celebrate a friend's birthday. The atmosphere is dark (FYI), so you may need a flashlight. We were greeted and seated immediately. The menu was legit (see photo), but the short ribs left room for improvement. First, the dish was SMALL. I think for the price it could stand to have a wee bit more food. The fries were good. I got the arugula salad. It was nice. Light. For dessert we had the bread pudding. Definitely nice. The chocolate brownie/cake whatever it was - skip it. It is not warmed and it was just "OK." 
Our server was nice and attentive but not overly. The bar would be nice to sit at but I believe they are only open until 23:00. The biggest downfall to me was actually the lighting. It was dark (to me). But, it's close to my house, so if we needed a quick fix, we could go again.1st Visit: bartender didn't know what a Vieux Carré is
2nd Visit: "What's the happy hour rosé?" ..."Umm looks like it's from Toscana...Spain."
(And that cat pee smell...)
Just no.Birthday in NOLA. Dinner with relatives. Delicious appetizers.  Beautiful atmosphere. Great martini!!  Our waiter was lots of fun.  Had my favorite, short ribs. Ate every bite!  Fun place.  A great atmosphere to celebrate. I'll be back next time I'm in town.Gorgeous and unique setting. I came her with a group of six and very much enjoyed my meal. I had the duck breast. We were meeting friends at another bar afterward, so did not stay for dessertThe place was pretty empty, and the service was excellent.I rarely discuss price in a review but this place pissed me off.  $26 for a short rib the size of a small brownie over mashed potatoes and a dallop of mixed greens.  I looked but there wasn't any Beluga Caviar, King Crab or 24K gold hidden in the dish.......  never, ever to return.This is simply outstanding. A beautiful space and wonderful staff, the food hit so many perfect notes - subtle and rich flavors, with a unique twist on often prepared such as dishes Risotto and Brussels Sprouts, made this a high point for my time in NOLA. Vessel is the best food experience I've had in recent memory. Not only a small plate place, Vessel is a must stop.In our usual fashion, we waited a while for the "kinks" to be worked out of this new place before we tried it.  Some kinks remain.   After we were seated, it took at least 10-15 minutes before the server took our drink order.  We ordered the bottle of champagne mimosa deal.  The champagne sat on the bar for at least 15-20 minutes before the server brought it to us.  The bartender meanwhile was on his phone and could have walked it over to us, as there were only 3 tables filled in the whole place.  The hostess could have brought it over as she was walking around seemingly aimlessly.  We ordered the burger and shrimp and grits for entrees.  Considering how few people were in the restaurant, the food took an inordinately long period of time to arrive.  The shrimp dish was good, but not hot.  The burger was so salty it was inedible.  Also, the bread did not hold up to the burger.  A burger needs a more substantial bun that does not fall apart.  Due to the service issues and limited menu, we are not likely to return.I had such high expectations based on the positives reviews and holding out hope that the average/poor reviews of bad service did not come true.  Well that's what you get for hoping.  In short, limited menu, below average food, horrible service. There are too many other brunch places to waste your time or $ here.
We had reservations for Sunday brunch, 1pm.   The restaurant was no more than 1/4 full, we had to wait 20 minutes at the bar for a table to be set - not a big deal - IF we could get a drink but the bartender was more interested in talking with a patron and looking at their phones.  By the time our table was ready (20 minutes!) he finally came over to take our drink order.
Finally seated, I had to go back to the bar to find someone to take our food order and then I brought our drinks to the table myself as they were sitting on the bar.  I had a burger that was cooked well but way over salted and then when the waitress was a no-show I had to go back to the bar.  Food was below average; service was worse.A restaurant inside a church. That's a first. Excellent service. Brilliant drinks and wonderful food. The chicken was exquisite and so was their cheese board. Worth every penny. I would highly recommend it. A little out of town, but very well worth the trip.Very cool vibe. The dinner food was delicious. The dessert wasn't as good as we had hoped. The chocolate cake was very chocolatey and slightly dry. Overall I would recommend itI had read about Vessel in one of the national magazines and put it on my list to try on my trip to New Orleans. Dining in a church turned restaurant/cocktail bar was truly an amazing experience. The place is absolutely gorgeous! The bar is spectacular and the craft cocktails are second to none. After drinks at the bar we were seated at a table for dinner.  We started with the fish dip and the corn and shrimp salad.  For entrees I had the market fish which had lentils which I love and my date had the pork chop. For dessert we shared the chocolate cake with homemade ice cream. We could not decide what was our favorite because everything was so delicious!  The service was also very good.  I cannot wait to come back and have brunch on their beautiful patio next time I am in New Orleans!  This place was truly the highlight of my trip.This place is a must if you are ever in New Orleans. The food is indescribable in terms of how great it is. My sister ordered the scallops and it was heaven. The meal could not have been more perfect. We went on a Monday night which was nice and quiet. The service was very good as well. Can't say enough about this gem.My bf and I stopped in after a concert at a nearby church.  Since Vessel is located in a former church, we thought it appropos.  We were immediately wowed by the decor.  Lots of warm wood and red accent lighting.  And the bar is amazing!  This is easily one of the prettiest restaurants I've been to in Nola.  
We only had apps and a cocktail on this visit.  The surprise hit was the grit and mushroom fricasee.  The creaminess of the grits was complemented by the rich, earthy mushrooms and sauce.  Also loved the fish dip.  The asparagus salad was sadly missing enough asparagus to warrant the name; arugula salad would have been more correct.  But the poached egg on top was perfectly cooked and lightly breaded. There are lots of inventive cocktails on the menu as well as the classics.  Definitely want to come back during happy hour and to try the full menu!I've been to Vessel many times but, unfortunate for me, I had not eaten there in awhile. A girlfriend and I chose Vessel for Sunday brunch. It was simply perfect. 
We were greeted promptly upon entering. She arrived first and was seated right away, and I joined her shortly thereafter. Host was enthusiastic and our server came right over. I usually opt for more interesting dishes but this time, I decided to give the 8 oz burger a shot. Big, thick beef patty cooked to an absolute perfect medium. Add a farm fresh fried egg and sliced avocado and brunch is served!! I have to say, this burger is one of the best kept secrets in Mid City! 
My dining companion opted for a lovely salad with candied pecans and strawberries, which she quite enjoyed. But the piece de resistance for me was the dessert! It was a chocolate cake so incredibly dense of chocolatey, that I could only take small bites as a time so as to savour all it was meant to be. Lush, delicious, flavorful, a virtual chocolate symphony! My friend got.the angel food cake, light and fluffy, with fresh fruit and tangy lemon curd. While she thoroughly enjoyed her dessert, she quickly leaned over and finished mine as well. I can see me coming back just for that chocolate cake and the AMAZING burger!
We were often visited by the manager and our server was always right there. Attentive and good service.
This place NEVER disappoints and you would be doing yourself a favor by trying it out, and often!With a heavy heart I must rate this gem with a 2 star review. Solely due to customer service received. Open Table allowed me to book a 9pm reservation which lead to an uneventful evening. 
Ended up arriving earlier than expected for our reservation @ 8:15pm to be exact. Host was excited to seat us claiming all the better that we arrived at the time we did. 
Establishment appeared a tad on the empty side only to find out that the restaurant closes at 9pm. Open Table has allowed guests to make bookings far later than they are willing to accommodate. NOT our fault! 
I was uncertain why a simple call was not placed to try and arrange for a different reservation time. During my brief visit to NoLA I made this restaurant a destination spot. Not to mention my friend and I took a 15 minute Uber ride from our hotel to get to it.
Our server circled our table staying on top of food and drink orders which I initially mistook as prompt service...which inevitably turned out to be a RUSHED meal in attempt for him to get off on time. 
All the while there were about 6 to 7 patrons at the bar that were not being pestered to wrap up there drinks. If the establishment realizes the glitch in reservation time table they 1) need to remedy issue w/ the app 2) call patrons that book time frame to reschedule 3) serve and honor reservations made as NOT all customers are local and able to give you a second chance.
Although food, and drink were superb in presentation and taste warranting a 4 to 5 star rating alone...it was the customer service received that left a bad taste in my mouth.Doesn't have much going for it other than the beautiful building and wall of drinks. The food & beverages were mediocre. Service sucked. There's nothing that annoys me more than people who look like they'd rather be dead than serve you. And then we're supposed to tip... yikes.I went to Vessel for Sunday brunch with 1 other person around noon. We didn't make a reservation prior to arriving, although we probably should have. There was no wait to sit at the bar, but all table seats were reserved. 
The staff was attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable in answering questions about the menu! I ordered "Our Benedict" and it was good! I'd try something different the next time, probably the waffles. Overall, a great experience!We came for a friends birthday and when we walked in I was already in love with the place! The ambiance was amazing! The drink menu was very fun and enormous. We got the cheese board app and it was good. My husband and I split the whole fish and chicken salad, neither of us were blown away. For the amount of money we spent, our whole table was very underwhelmed by the food. I would come back, but probably just for drinks (and if I did eat, I would definitely get something else).I dined at Vessel's bar on Friday evening. The atmosphere was perfectly nice and I found the staff to be friendly.  I have a dietary restriction (vegan) which I let the bartender know, in advance, and asked for his recommendations.  I am not sure if actually knew what a vegan was because two of the dishes he recommended had dairy. The risotto style blacked eyed peas w.out cheese clearly had butter in the broth and the rice fritters were made with eggs. I only knew about the fritters because the gentleman who brought them out told us how they were made. My friend was fortunately able to eat everything but I left only having a salad.  I am leaving this feedback with hopes they will educate all staff on dietary restrictions and allergies and if in doubt check with the chef.Cool atmosphere only in New Orleans can you congregate and hydrate with awesome cocktails. Only visited  during happy hour for cocktails, so didn't eat but plan to do so on next visit!I would give the food 5 stars but I had a crappy experience here. 
So my friend and I are out here for the weekend and we are staying near Bourbon street... so yes, we took an uber to this place that's nowhere near our hotel. Now we reserve through Open table by 9PM, but we got there by 8:15PM. This restaurant closes at 9PM!!! 
we get seated and our server Lewis was the most annoying server. He maybe wanted rush home, but our entire time he is lingering around us. I'm halfway through my rich wild boar pappardelle and he comes up "are you done with that?" I let that time go. When the check came, he quickly came after just giving us the check. I never have experienced this ever! I really just had to say something, and I did. I really didn't want to hear the "I'm not rushing" when he was! I really told him to walk away because he was starting to argue.Finally able to check out this cool little place in Mid-City and it didn't disappoint! Happy hour is from 4-6 and they have specialty cocktails for $6. Can't beat a French 75 for that price! Love love love the church yet gothic vibe this place has going on. Very unique place to change up your usual happy hour. 
I started off with the garlic brown butter fries. YAS! Can't go wrong with fried potatoes but these were cooked just crisp enough to dip into that delicious lemon aioli. I also ordered the lamb flatbread. The lamb was very tender and had a wonderful flavor to it. I recommend if you want a light meal. Since it was my best friends birthday, I had to order the chocolate cake with cherry sorbet for her. Pretty good size if you are looking to share a dessert. 
Overall, I'll be back when I'm in this part of town! Staff was very friendly and our food came out pretty quickly.After eating a few other spots in the area, my friend brought up checking out Vessel.  It was perfect for a Sunday morning brunch.  
We began with biscuts; they were delicious!   I had the shrimp over grits, my husband and friend both ordered the boar ragu.  Everything was delicious!  The bloody mary's were tasty with A1 rather than Worcestershire in them.  The rose must have been tasty, because my friend ordered two glasses.
The ambiance in the space is unique.  The yellow stained glass windows filter the light and the dark woods of the space create a very different experience from a typical restaurant.Beautiful location! I couldn't have picked a better spot to celebrate an anniversary. We want for brunch got mimosas, a whole bottle of champagne and fresh OJ just for 20. We had their version of eggs benedict it was very tasty and filling. The hash is to die for but the absolute best thing here is the pancake. Trust me it's unlike any pancake you have ever tried. It's pretty big so share. Even if you don't have an interest in orange flavored pastries, try it!Third visit here and it just keeps getting better - not that there is anything to improve on, really.
I so love the ambiance and vibe of this place! The ceiling is stunning and the display of liquor across the large church windows is just beautiful!
Staff is always friendly, enthusiastic, super knowledgeable. 
We started with a couple of cocktails at the bar. I had The Bees Knees, and it sure was! A nice gin with honey and lemon. My date had a bourbon based drink, I think maybe an old fashioned. We enjoyed our cocktails over uninterrupted conversation and then headed to our table.
We decided to have a little fun and my date ordered the wine while I chose the food. He chose a beautiful grenache that was fruit forward and went well with just about everything. I chose the grilled octopus, wild boar ragu, and  the whole smoked fish. They were ALL awesome! The octopus was tender and juicy with a smokey, charred flavor that was delicious! The boar ragu was pulled, tender, tasty, and served over some wide, dense pasta (a real treat since I have not been able to eat pasta for about 5 months). And the whole smoked fish...wow! The presentation was beautiful! Served over squash and smoked to perfection. The flavors were amazing!
After dinner, we shared a strawberry daiquiri sorbet and another dessert called something sirop. Lots of warm flavors like cinnamon, nutmeg. And our server (Leon?) suggested a Portuguese rose' port which was so yummy. I do believe its my new favorite!
Joe, the general manager, came by to say hi. I had met him on previous visits and enjoy his warm and outgoing style! And my server from a previous visit, Brie, also came by to say hi. That's the kind of stuff that really sets these neighborhood haunts apart. I love this place and wish them much success!
Highly recommended! GREAT place for a date!Update: the business owner responded and said they close at 11. We showed up at 9:30 and were very much unwelcome. Food was fine but I say skip.
We wanted to try this place since our Airbnb was so close but it didn't seem like the bartender shared our excitement. We showed up an hour and a half before they closed and she told us they were deciding to close soon. She was rude and everything she did she seemed like she would have preferred to be elsewhere. We even considered taking our food to-go so that we wouldn't bother them. It's a cool place but there is way better in New Orleans.Thai was a cute hangout place to drink with friends. Sat at the bar and the service was great. Low noise volume with a nice ambience. 
No food until after 5 so be mindful if you are hanging out during the day there isn't any type of food before 5. Wasn't crazy about my drink and the bartender remade me another without any hesitation. I appreciated the service and the concern for if I was satisfied.The place is beautiful.  Not much of a happy hour.  A dollar off a bottle of beer. There is no beer on tap.
 Specialty cocktails are $10.  I made a big mistake when I ordered a martini.  That was $15 and a $1 up charge because it was Bombay Sapphire.  NYC prices.
Thank you for your responseThis restaurant is a gem -- the decor and ambience are outstanding. I didn't feel at all weird eating and drinking in a former church. 
If you're looking to get off Bourbon Street and you want some real authentic food, you need to check this place out. We had the scallops with risotto and perfectly cooked tournedos. 
The staff was friendly and attentive but not overbearing. 
Seriously I can be a tough critic, but this place deserves 5 starsWonderful atmosphere and great food. Awesome cocktails. Weirdly, we asked to see a dessert menu and the server brought the check instead. Would like to review the desserts but didn't have the opportunity.Great place for drinks and appetizers.  Wonderful Decor. The only disappointing part of the dish is the very dry bread pudding. I really don't know what it is. It was a side dish for my pork chop.What a unique setting!  The ambiance is warm and friendly. An architectural re purposing marvel.  But that just sets the stage for amazing food and service. We had a great evening. The craft cocktails the champagne are creative.  The beef tornados and scallops and carrot ginger soup so delicious the staff knowledgeable and very friendly. And to finish, the dessert was a superb chocolate raspberry extravaganzaSarah made an amazing Egg white sour!! This place is awesome!! A church converted into a bar. What a great idea!! Great atmosphere and staff!!I loved the atmosphere and our waiter was really nice. The food was amazing and the fact they turned an old church into a restaurant/ bar is something you must see.My bf and I ate here about a week ago and we will absolutely be back.  
On the food:
We started with the cheese board (I assume the cheeses will vary), but the jam and candied nuts on the plate, yumm!  I'd buy a batch of each if they sold them.  We then moved onto the crispy pork belly.  I'm not usually a fan because of the obvious fattiness, but it wasn't like that at all.  Perfectly crispy and sauced, I wish there was an entree sized option.  The Korean bbq flavor was delicious, the puree or whatever the white foamy type substance was, along with the greens made for a scrumptious bite.  We later found out the greens were kale, which left me in shock.  (Who would have thought kale could be tasty?)  I then had the risotto with a side of fries for my meal.  Truthfully, I don't like mushrooms, but it was a new place to me and I like to be "adventurous."  It was creamy, the rabbit was tender, and the pomegranate bits added a nice texture.  The garlic brown butter fries are super crispy with a subtle garlic taste.  I could probably the order the exact same items every time, but I want to try everything else on the menu.
On the atmosphere/venue:
 If I didn't already know where this place was, I'd probably have walked right past it; the "VESSEL" letters on the building are almost the same color as the white church.  We weren't sure if we were supposed to go in through the side (where there's a handicap entrance) or the front, but it's definitely the front.  Once inside, I couldn't help but stare at the bar.  It's huge and beautiful and definitely the focal point of the interior.  There are tables along the wall, high top tables in the middle and then seats along the bar.  It was a little squishy as it got busier and felt like our table neighbors were right on top of us.  Perhaps there's a more efficient way to use the space?  Also, it's too dark/dim inside.  I like to see my food while I'm enjoying it.  The music, while good, was too loud and seemed like it was someone's party mix.  With that combination, I felt as if I was at a bar with food, as opposed to a restaurant with a bar.    
On the service:
The host was pleasant and directed us to take a seat on some comfy couches while we waited for the table to be ready.  We had reservations, and it was mostly empty, but it only took a minute or two.  I've seen a few reviews mention bad servers, but ours was great.  (I think her name was Bree?)  Came back multiple times to refill water, check on how we liked the food, make sure we were settled nicely, and so on.  The cocktails were strong, but not overwhelming.  It looked like the bartenders were making good conversation with those seated at the bar, so I'd definitely consider coming for happy hour in the future.
My overall two cents: Eat everything on the menu, but bring a flashlight.Stunning vibe in old church juxtaposed with contemporary aesthetics for Vessel. We dined al fresco in their courtyard. Delicious apps including cheese platter and critters. My pork chop was delicious as was my wife's scallops.Ellie is amazing! Cocktails were just as fabulous as the service! We had creme brûlée and I wanted to die of happiness!!!!! The bar is an old 1900s church and it's beautiful, while we didn't eat food I hope we can make it back because the menu looked amazingEverything on the menu is good and it is worth getting the mimosa bottle special for only 20 bucks as you get a whole bottle of champagne.I came here for a late night cocktail with my boyfriend and was very impressed by the romantic ambience and delightful selection of cocktails available. The bartenders were very nice and quick with our orders and since it was kind of slow, they were the perfect amount of chatty with us. Even though we did not order food, they showed us the menu which looked very impressive and gave us their favorite foods to try the next time we were in. 
All in all, I would love to go here again for a fun date night!Would not or could not accommodate a small Christmas party of co-workers (15) when trying to make a reservation. They were already too busy for that WEEK!!! WOW, not the day we were looking for, but for the week. Poor management. Each person probably would have spent $75 to $100 for pre & post dinner drinks and their meals. I guess they don't need the money. We moved onto one the many other restaurants in the city.Apparently, I always passed up this place and didn't realize it was a restaurant.  I think it was previously an old church? I felt sinful having drinks for dinner. I would recommend making a reservation because this place was packed on the weekend. Dim, dark lighting. Cool looking place to hang out in groups. It was way too loud when we were there, more so because of the patrons not music or anything. Food were mediocre. It sounded better than it tasted. I was hyped for the scallop dish because there were so many good reviews about it but it was way too salty. As for service, our waitress was attentive. Overall, it was a nice place but I think it's a better hangout place than dining.There were no less than four items and dishes unavailable from the menu on a Thursday night. The food was mediocre at best. My burger was overcooked and the bun on the bottom was so soggy it was like eating a wet sponge and made a huge mess. My date's dish of short ribs were all fat and bland, very under seasoned and she complained the potatoes tasted instant. At one point we saw the bartender and a waitress vaping at the bar together which felt very unprofessional. The ambiance was wonderful though, it's a beautiful restaurant. Once they get the food and service thing figured out it will be great.Thank goodness for parking! ... or maybe bc we came on a Tuesday night. Anyways, so this place is exactly what others describe it in other reviews. It's pretty cute, reminds me of those late 1900 churches in those horror movies with vampires, haha. So, there's private seating for two and there's also the long tables where you get to sit with others. Since it wasn't packed, my date and I was seated at the long table, which we had to ourselves. We did pretty much the tapas and flatbread, bc there were so much we wanted to try. 
Mushroom Flatbread- 5/5
Smoked Gulf Fish Dip w/ Lavash Crackers- 3/5
Hamachi Crudo 4/5
Cast Iron Octopus 3/5
House papperdelle pasta, Louisiana Wild Boar Ragu 3/5
Carmelized shiitake and oyster mushrooms 5/5
Ricotta Panna Cotta 5/5
Everybody seemed to like the Two Farms Ground Lamb flatbread, but good thing i stuck with my gut after reading fellow Yelpers reviews, and got the mushroom Flatbread. It was soooo good. Every bite, had me wanting to savor the next. I can't wait to try the shrimp, speck, and collard greens flatbread. I've heard good things about that one, too. The Smoked Gulf Fish Dip could've been paired with something other than the lavash crackers, imo, but it made out good enough.It was our first time and we enjoyed everything. Our server, Nolan was knowledgable and helpful. We started with the Mushroom Faltbread and the aged parmesan cheese for appetizers. Our main courses were the Chicken (white selection) and the Pappardelle pasta dish. Delicious! For desert we shared the Panna Cotta. Very good! Nolan recommended a nice, Periquita red wine which paired perfectly with my meal. The manager, Joe stopped by our table to introduce himself and make sure we were enjoying our dining experience. The restaurant is beautiful and nicely arranged. Looking forward to visiting again...soon!My partner and I are from out of town and we were looking for a memorable dinner on our last night in New Orleans. I searched Yelp, and he searched Open Table. We both shared our tip pick and surprisingly it was the Vessel!  Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by the host. The church turned restaurant was bustling with excitement  laughter.  It was a packed house that night. We were sat at a family table that faced the bar.  Absolutely stunning. The specialty cocktails were exceptional. I was expecting to get watered down drinks like the ones we had experienced on Bourbon street, but they were stiff and delicious. We ordered risotto, and roasted cauliflower to start. Followed by short ribs for dinner. My partner got a flaky and flavorful fish dish. I'm so glad we got out of the French Quarter for our last meal. I give the Vessel my highest of recommendations. I can't wait to return !Had brunch there today, service was very slow and the place was not crowded at all...had to ask waitress several times for basic items. Sat us but took what  was prob 15-20  minutes before she came back to serve us water. The basic breakfast of eggs and grits were cold ... all in all a poor Brunch experience... would not go back for brunch. We had been there before, the atomosphere is good for drinks in evening however!!Giving this place 3 stars because I only had drinks during happy hour, and haven't had a chance to taste any of the food. I'll update my review once I have dinner at Vessel.Brunch !!!! Yumm!!! Waffle was amazing , French press coffee, Benedict , burger , and bottle of mimosas setup worth the stroll off the streetcar line . Mahkayla is awesome !! Will definitely be back !!I recently visited the vessel. This place is classy but casual! First time there. But out of every single bar I went to this by far was my absolute favorite! I love the bartenders! Kelsey & Ryan, y'all were top of the line.  Exactly what I look for in a bartender! Kelsey I hope I did not get you in trouble by stealing you all night. But When the very first thing you said to me was don't talk to me, I loved it! Y'all made the best drink that I'm still dreaming of! I can't wait to come back & I pray y'all are still there!! Julie Peiffer from Birmingham ! Oh & Kelsey I'd love to know how after day 30 is going! Thank you for being fantastic!!!!!So excited about this spot. Perfect for date night or girls night. The architecture is a beautiful backdrop for delicious cheese plates and tapas. You have the option for small plates, normal sized entrees or portions to share. Not to be missed.We were in town for a work convention this week and the one restaurant we were looking forward to visiting was Vessel. We made reservations online and planned to take a taxi/Uber to the restaurant. The day of our reservation it began to pour down rain. We tried, for almost an hour and a half to call an Uber, Lyft, or Taxi with no avail. No one could get to us because of flooded streets and parades. We called the restaurant three times to attempt to talk to them about our situation. The first time, I was hung up on. The second time I was told we needed to keep trying to get there. The third time I finally talked to the "manager" who told me that airlines don't refund you for cancelled flights due to weather so I needed to see it that way. I explained that I ALWAYS have my flights refunded when it's due to bad weather. She told me she would have to talk to the owners about waiving the $125 cancellation fee and then proceeded to charge our card the $125 way before she could've spoken to anyone.
I will make sure that anyone I EVER speak to about this restaurant knows the blatant lack of care they show for their potential Patrons, we will never return to visit this place."I don't think there's anything I don't like about it. It's just I like other places better.  If I lived in the neighborhood I would go drink there all the time." -my husband
My husband took me here to celebrate my finishing my masters!  The host gave us a crappy table so we moved to an area where we could admire the architecture of the building. It's absolutely beautiful on the inside. Unfortunately, the ambiance was thrown off by the poor choice in music. Between Pimm's Cups, I had to endure the musical stylings of the 90s and 00s alt rock Spotify list.
The food was good but nothing to fawn over. We had the octopus plate and the rabbit rillete to start. I had the fettuccini with "all the seafood!" as the waitress said. My husband got the shrimp and grits. Like I said, the food was good but there are better places to eat.Atmosphere A+ This is the kind of place NOLA is known for. It's a charming church that has been repurposed to be a very cool restaurant and bar! I loved it. I went with a large group, and it was perfect. The food consisted of small plates and larger plates and sides. The place was not crowded and somewhat empty. That being said, everything was extremely slow. Drinks, food etc. the food was great and very different. But really didn't come out in an orderly fashion. For example, our large plates arrived and about 15-20 minutes later our sides came. With no side plates. All of this is the reason for 4 stars, not 5. I could understand all of this if they were jammed, but they were not. I know NOLA moves as it's own pace. So I get it. The place was so cool. Great vibe, great food, relaxed atmosphere. I was there on a Thursday night. Not a party scene but great NOLA place. It's located in mid city so it's a little off the beat and path. Check it out. Especially for a drink and and or an appetizer.Will customize to fit your food request!  Went for Sunday brunch. All four of us gave this 5 stars. Great cocktail list. Our favorite cocktail: TIPPING POINT. 
Our favorite dishes: chicken salad, Korean fried chicken, shrimp over their delicious amazing pancake (a customized dish as per my husband's request), and the smiles trout over arugula (customized for me as per gluten free).I've been living in New Orleans for a little while now, and I can absolutely, with no hesitation whatsoever, say that my meal here has been the best I've ever had in this whole city. I'm celiac, and so it can be difficult to find a restaurant with options, but Vessel's menu is majority gluten free! I had the seared scallops, which were big, and you could slide a knife through like butter. They sat on a bed of risotto, with parmesan, black truffle, and chive oil. I would eat that plate every day if I could! I had a side of brussels sprouts as well, which were sautéed to perfection. With a dessert of the tastiest creme brûlée imagined, I was a happy lady. The atmosphere is cozy without being cramped, and so festive for the holiday season. It was the perfect dinner after a semester of hard work, I couldn't have asked for any place better.Absolutely loved the service and drinks at brunch. Crawfish croquettes and Biscuits and gravy were very yummy for appetizers. 
Very accommodating for the pregnant woman in our group. 
5 stars for service.
Extremely beautiful location in an old church and actually even had parking!I came to brunch on a Sunday with two friends. The food was good - the fries and dipping sauce were delicious. I didn't order any alcoholic beverages, so I can't comment on those. I had the eggs benedict, and the eggs were nicely poached. The atmosphere was a little loud - it was hard to hear my friends at times, so this wouldn't be a good place if you're looking to have an intimate conversation. My only hesitation in going back is that everything was so slow, slow to sit, slow to order, slow to check on us, food was slow and check was slow. I'm not sure if it was an off day, but it took a longer amount of time for what should have been a short meal. I definitely like the bar layout that Vessel has done, as compared to the old layout.Had an amazing brunch service in this restored church! Love that they've kept the integrity of the church and it adds to the ambiance! Food was delish and so was the mimosa bottle service!Menu is all all over the place. A few dishes we great but some just ordinary. Drinks were great and the staff were friendly.The service is absolutely appalling. It's not professional on any level. Food is okay.This place is a gem! Bartenders can make any drink your heart desires. Creme brulee was perfect and the staff delivers all the southern charm. Must visitI love this place! It's in a church so that's already beautiful and interesting. Their happy hour has some amazing drinks that I liked even better than the ones on the regular menu. The bartenders are super friendly. I would love to go back to try the food but I'll definitely be back for the happy hour.Interesting location....in a repurposed church. Not a whole lot of seats. Maybe seating for 50 people. I say this cause the service was not good. S-L-O-W service for the drinks which they then messed up my order. Not sure how....it was a simple Vodka/Cran/Soda. They ran outta Cran so they substituted Vodka!! So it didn't taste the way I wanted it to. 
The Cheese plate was small but tasty. The salad was very bitter tasting. A heavy lemon dressing on it so that made it bitter. 
The main was a Pork Steak. Waiter said it was big but it wasn't. Very tasty however. The sides were all not what I'd normally order...just inexpensive root veggies, not my preference. 
The weird thing is they, undercooked my fellow dinners chicken!! Chicken is easy so how do you undercook?! 
With all the restaurants in NOLA...I'd probably go somewhere else next time.We have been to Vessel before, but this was our first time at brunch; though we had similar service problems. We waited 20 minutes after being seated before we got up and asked if we could be helped. That was only after 1 of the other 2 tables filled also asked if they were going to be helped. We waited almost another 10 before our waters came out, though multiple staff members were just talking. When ordering, the waitress said eggs could only be served scrabbled, but then took different egg styles for different members of our party. 15 minutes after we placed the order, she came back and said that she didn't actually know what we placed and will need to take it again, though she wrote it down. Refills on water were never taken, drinks took 30 minutes from ordering, and a simple glass of milk wasn't brought till we were setting the bill. The food was was poor quality. The eggs had film and were barely cooked. The biscuits were hard as a rock, the ham was more like spam, and the grits looked and tasted like baby formula powder. The only redeeming part of the meal were the fries. I would absolutely not recommend this restaurant to anyone. The fact that the staff felt no concern for their customers (as we were not the only table getting up and asking for service) shows the quality of the place.Vessel is one of my favorite new spots in the city.  The cocktails are priced well- they cover both creative signature cocktails and properly honor the classics!  (Happy hour m-f too!) Wine is also well priced, especially by the bottle.
The food ranges between spectacular and very good.  The pasta dishes blow away Josephine Estelle, the red snapper crudo is one of the best things I've had all year.  The chicken is great, though seems expensive.  I'd pass on the flatbread next time.
Service is good, table maintenance is great, timing, marking, the works.   They could work on the drink times, and the communications between kitchen and customers who aren't familiar with how a restaurant works, but it works for me!
Love it!  Will be back!My wife has been talking about Vessel for months now. It seemed like all our friends were going and saying great things, yet we never made it until this past weekend. Perhaps all the build-up and anticipation set the bar too high, but I left feeling a little bit underwhelmed. I wavered between giving a 3-star and a 4-star review and I easily could have rounded up. But there were just a few too many things about my experience that didn't go quite right for me to justify four stars. And they weren't all Vessel's fault either, which I realize is a bit unfair.
First, I'll say that the setting was pretty cool. The high ceilings and church look are very unique. I don't think I've ever had a meal in a space quite like that. One strange thing: when my feet were on the base of the table, the floor felt like it was vibrating. I'm not sure if it was the A/C unit or something else, but it was a weird sensation. My wife noticed it too.
Drinks: I wasn't drinking heavily because I was already tired and dehydrated from a long day out in the sun, but I did want to have one beverage. I went for something I wouldn't normally order and tried a mezcal cocktail (Fire and Brimstone). It was incredibly smokey and I really didn't enjoy it. I know that mezcal has that flavor, but it was really overpowering. I forced it down but I didn't enjoy it. Probably my fault, as I should have stuck with bourbon, vodka, or gin, which are more of my regular choices. 
Food: Our party of four started with the house pickles, the fries, and the Brussels sprouts. If you know me, you know that I (heart) pickles. These were fine but I wasn't flabbergasted. I felt the cauliflower was a little bit under-pickled, actually. I also love my French fries and people were raving about Vessel's. They were good and we ate them all, but it quickly became clear that these were over-salted. I like salty, but this was too much. Perhaps it was the bottom of the batch? I'm not sure but I felt bloated from all the sodium. The sprouts were also extremely salty. Too salty. For main course, my wife and I split the lamb flatbread and I had the Caesar salad with shrimp. Both of them were fine but did not excite me at all. The flatbread was not all crispy (only the edges), which I think would have made it better. And the salad was large but not overly flavorful. I've also never had a soft egg in my Caesar salad. It was a little strange to me.  For dessert, we all shared the chocolate cake, which we got with fresh blueberry sorbet. Both of those were good. I wish there had been more cake. It kind of tasted like a Little Debbie (in a good way) and I could have eaten two orders on my own. But then I would have been fat, so there's that.
Service was fine. Nothing to complain about there. And the prices were reasonable too. We split the check between two couples and our half was around $120, which doesn't seem too bad for dinner with drinks. 
Will I go back? Maybe. But I'm not looking for an opportunity with great anticipation.Visited vessel for dinner on a recent trip to New Orleans and had mixed feelings. atmosphere is definitely worth five stars, food and service more like a three. 
Located in a converted chapel, vessel is absolutely stunning. The outside truly still looks like a chapel and the inside maintains many of the original features. It truly is gorgeous to look around while you're dining. It is a little far from the main drags in New Orleans and in a fairly residential area, so be prepared to Uber.
We were quickly seated and our server was helpful if a little awkward. She quickly admitted it was her first day serving, but was able to go seek out the answers to our questions about the menu. 
The menu itself was really eclectic! With almost a full page of small plates, it's definitely a place where you can choose to share a bunch of tapas. However, they also had a full list of entrees to choose from. The menu consisted of many seafood items, a few 'creole' items, and a bunch of items with a bit of a Indian twist.
We decided to share the carrot ginger bisque - very unique but very good, the crawfish coquettes - also very different, tasted good but I wasn't a fan of the sweet dipping sauce served with them, the poached egg salad -very good! Loved the cream parmesan dressing!, the roasted cauliflower - good but nothing too special, and the fries with aioli - very good!! 
Overall, it was such a cool atmosphere that is definitely recommend it. They seem to be training a new group of staff which I hope will lead to great service in the future!While I get to see the new restaurants pop up on here from my fellow Yelpers, it was lovely that a friend of mine chose this spot for our Friday din! 
The location is in a converted church so vampires, beware! All kidding aside, it's very inside is very lovely with a long bar, a handful of communal dining tables and even a little sitting area. Their menu resembles a church program, but other than that, they're not overly themed which I think is great. 
No reservation, no problem (though I bet things change when they really start getting the word out). We were sat at the communal table across from each other. If you're not a huuuuge fan of the communal table aspect, they do have other options. Surprisingly, it never got that loud in the space, even when they were filling up so you can still chat it up with your friend across the table. 
The staff was uber pleasant, but not overly so, from the host stand to the server to the manager touching tables. 
Now for the important part. New Orleans is really catching on to this whole small plate scene which I love, and Vessel does a wonderful job. Here are the dishes we had, and how I felt about them:
House Pickles - 5 choices for $9
Lerv pickles!! This is ALL the veggies you can get. I'm not even a big beets person, and the beets were one of my favorite, as was the kimchi! They don't give you crackers with your pickles but I'm okay with it. 
Smoked Gulf Fish Dip with Lavash Crackers - $7
Not overly smoky and a great flavor, and worth the $7, easy. Lots of crackers so you don't have to ask for more. 
Gulf Red Snapper Crudo, Watermelon Sorbet, Pickled Rind, Basil Pimm's Fizz -  $13
This dish was pretty, and well constructed but it wasn't my favorite. This crudo is definitely a sweeter version, more sashimi'ish (sorry if this doesn't make sense) than I'm used to enjoying. 
House Ricotta Stuffed Caramelle Pasta, Charred Corn, Summer Squash, Black Truffle - $15
Holy delicious, batman!!! The aromas coming off this plate were amazing. The pastas were adorably-wrapped with pockets of rich ricotta shiny with black truffle oil. Everything about this dish made me happy. The hardest one to share but totally shareable. 
Two Run Farms Ground Lamb, Bell Pepper, Crushed Tomato, Red Onion, Parsley - $11
No-skimp city! Their flatbread is piled with lamb. Turn away, vegans, turn away! Favorite part of this dish...the adorable parsley sprouts PACKED with herb-y awesomeness.
Lastly...promise, almost done. While I was blasphemous enough to try to order a Bloody Mary (which they don't have JUST yet), I did get a perfect Old Fashioned (or two). Bars like Vessel are spoiling me with their giant spheres of ice to keep my libation perfectly chilled. Apparently, they have 16 different glasses so that each drink has its own special vessel. See what they did there?!
With all those plates and two drinks each, we both paid around $60 (that includes tip) and well worth the experience! I'll definitely be back!Went on a Saturday night for drinks and left with an amazing experience. The decor is gorgeous, the staff is some of the friendliest I have ever seen, and the smoked gulf fish dip was delicious.Hands down the best brunch spot in Mid City! Freshly squeezed orange juice for mimosas and the tastiest menu make this place a staple. Go and get the Chicken & Waffles, trust me it will be the best chicken and waffles you have ever had! Also recommend the Eggs Benedict..just...sooo...damnnn...good! Everything is reasonably priced so you won't break the bank and have an amazing brunch experience. See you there next Sunday!!My fiancé and I dined on the garlic brown butter fries, soft pretzels , gulf snapper cayenne brodo, shrimp speck cream corn and arugula flatbread and the audit chile Chocolate Cake!!!! Where do I begin.  Everything was delicious .  We dined on small plates because we knew we were drinking and having dessert.  The aioli sauce for the garlic brown butter fries was exquisite.  Wyatt was our "mixologist" who created the cocktail menu filled with a variety of sinful concoctions that will make you want to confess all your dirty deeds from the week.  The shrimp flare was a perfect blending of flavors with the corn, arugula and fish flakes.  If I wasn't already engaged this would be a perfect spot to take someone for date night.  The ambiance is perfect for getting to know someone in the "biblical sense".  Finally the chocolate cake!!!! Orgasmic.  Every ingredient could be its own dessert.  From the chocolate pudding to the cherry sorbet.  We devoured every last bite even though we were full from the shared small plates .  We will definitely be frequenting this establishment and I am sure it will become the new hotspot in the city .I know it's not possible to get married in this venue but can I actually just marry this venue? My eyes are physically turning into hearts and my tongue is hanging out of my mouth thinking about this place. This cocktail menu is PHENOMENAL guys. I ordered the "Charleton" (I think that was the name) and woahhh I'm going to be bold and say it was the best cocktail.. I've ever had. Yep. Yep. Not to mention it's obviously a kick ass, interesting building. I just love it. Please go here. Thank you for existing, Vessel. I  UCool back story and good drinks. Will be coming back more often now that I know about it!Was here for my birthday dinner. Was good rather than outstanding overall, although some dishes were really good.
One of the most beautiful spots in New Orleans, being in a former church, and it also has an outstanding bar and happy hour options, so maybe this would be a great place to go for happy hour if you live in the area!
In terms of the food itself, I had the following options: fried brussels sprouts (absolutely phenomenal), green salad (good, but again, a salad), and pork chop, which was very good flavor-wise, but just a bit dry and overcooked...Nothing too egregious, but a bit from the ideal...Pork chop was also a bit on the  small side, but came with potatoes on the side, which were very good.
Others had steak, which came out slightly underdone, but was cooked "better" when it came back out, as well as scallops, which were quite small for $28...Basically 3 scallops and a bunch of risotto, which is rather unacceptable for the price, even if they taste good.
Desserts were quite good here, as was service, and drink options.I am a scallop fanatic and I swear these are the best scallops I have ever had! The drinks are fun and delicious and all of the food is sooo tasty. They definitely give the flavor of NOLA to their menu while creating a unique dining experience.Food and service is excellent. The renovated space is perfect for a nice date out. The bar is fun with plenty of seating during happy hour and a late night cocktail. Food prices match the quality and presentation. Highly recommended for a nice date. Not the family fly by restaurant.Service was awful, it took about an hour to get our food when the place was relatively empty, and they ran out of biscuits which I thought was weird. But the pork belly Benedict was very good and a very creative dish.Vessel
The embodiment of love, beauty, grace, and fine dining. It's located in an old 1914 Lutheran Church.  Simply gorgeous, dark wood, high ceilings, and stained windows.  
I favored this beautiful place a few times during lunch.  I thought, what would the Vessel Dining Experience be like at night?  
A girlfriend traveled with me on this trip.  She's a newbie to New Orleans.  So imagine her facial expression with a smile when we drove up to the Vessel, "it's a church, it's a restaurant?"  She was like really, is this it, no, really...
We were frozen in our tracks, admiring the outside. Remember, I have never eaten here at night.  It's dark, and these lights are cast upon a white church, which is the Vessel!
My friend was in love with the inside.  The dinner menu is the top of the cake!  It's awesome with a great selection for all kinds of palates.  Can't go wrong here!  The wine menu was impressive too.  
We had a fabulous night, the atmosphere was relaxing, the wine good and food excellent!I love this place. Lovely atmosphere and excellent customer service. I usually get the whole fish, which can serve 2 people and it's cooked to perfection. I have been with a large group and also on a romantic dinner with hubby and was not disappointed.We only had snacks here but they were very tasty. The building is the highlight. It's an old church rehabbed as a very open yet cozy restaurant. Really great ambiance.The food and atmosphere was amazing. Our server Beth was attentive, friendly and went out of her way to make our 7 person dinner party a perfect one.  She even took our photo outside of the restaurant to help us remember the event.  Thanks!!!The ambiance is amazing at Vessel.  Be sure to make a reservation at a time where you can experience the bright light from evening sunset and then also when it's dark.  
Service was good.  Food was good.  Crispy pork belly wasn't crispy, but it still tasted nice.  Mussels were flavorful but the Pom frites were all soggy upon delivery. The scallops were very small and you get three for $30, which is fine if they deliver, which these didn't.  The star of that dish was the risotto.  The homemade pasta and crawfish dish was delicious.  I really enjoyed the banana daiquiri martini.  
Overall, I would rate it 3.5, but I rounded up.What a great concept!  From the moment you pull up to the curb, you are enchanted by this beautiful place. A former church, converted into a place of "communion" over food with family and friends, you are welcome to join the congregation. 
The menu changes with the seasonal availability of fresh ingredients. This night we enjoyed sharing the Fish Dip and Lemon Truffle Risotto, with delicious cocktails (see the attached menu). For our main course we had the roasted chicken on a bed of black beans, shallot marmalade, shaved Brussel Sprouts and Kale. 
Everything was delicious!!
Our server was fantastic. 
Definitely we will be back!This place has a great vibe! We went for late night cocktails, and they have a great selection! This was the best cocktail bar we went to during our time in New Orleans. The atmosphere is beautiful as it's in an old church and there is a cute patio in the back that my friends hung out in, discussing all parts of life. We didn't eat anything while there but the menu looked delicious. I wish we could have found time to come back for a weekend brunch. Next time!This restaurant is definitely good.  It serves food that Is good.  We enjoyed the garlic butter fries, the pork belly appetizer, the shrimp and grits.  We also had the fish of the day (swordfish) which was good, but not served as described on the menu... attention to detail missing.
Bar is pretty, but the drinks were weak.   Had trouble recognizing some of our drink orders.
Excellent ambiance.  Good service.  Reasonable prices.  Good could become great with a few positive changes.Eh. 
Atmosphere is amazing, but the food is less so. Our waiter was basically non-existent and the artisan cocktails were pretty skimpy and tasted like Sweet Tarts. 
After waiting forever for our food for what seemed like years as we watched others get served, we asked for the check and left early. Manager was really great about everything, and he's the only reason we'd consider going back. Service sucked.I feel badly giving a poor review to a new restaurant, but I had a really underwhelming experience here the other night. Mostly the experience was that everything on the menu sounded amazing, but none of the dishes we got actually tasted amazing -- there wasn't anything that stood our or that I would come back for.  We started with happy hour cocktails. I got a margarita and it tasted like something you'd get at a chain restaurant -- like they used bottled sour mix rather than fresh lime. My friend had two other cocktails -- a french 75 and a blood and sand that she said were also very mediocre. The wild boar pate wasn't much like a pate at all, which I think of as being something rich and spreadable. I guess this was more like a terrine -- a firm slice -- and it really had just about zero flavor. The garlic brown butter fries were definitely good. The shrimp and corn flatbread was just ok -- flavors on it were good but I would call it more of a cracker than bread -- there wasn't much to it. The paparedelle with wild boar ragu was fine, but not stand out in any way. Basically I have had much much better food and drinks at a place like Bouligny Tavern, which has a similar small plate approach. I will say that the actual environment is stunning -- inside an old church -- though be prepared that a large number of the seats have no backs to them (all the seats that line the side wall of the restaurant). Maybe we just picked the wrong things, but I'm not sure if I'll be back to find out.Came here for an event and the food was really great. Loved their cheese plates and the mussels were also super delicious. The fries were super nice and crispy. Their fried Brussel sprouts were also really delicious.Solid place with an eccentric vibe. Drinks were GREAT and bartender knows his craft. We went here for Happy Hour and will be back. Great prices for craft cocktails.Beautiful restaurant . Bar was amazing but the food or menu wasn't well explained or sold to be exciting.My husband and I had a nice dinner here! He got the set menu- duck gumbo, beet salad, short ribs over grits, and gingerbread cake. I ordered a la carte- carrot soup, risotto, and street corn and shrimp. Each component of his meal was delicious. The only changes we would have made was to use goat cheese and maybe a little balsamic in the beet salad- it needed something to pair better with the beets. The risotto was delicious, as was the shrimp and corn. The carrot and turmeric soup was not my taste, neither of us liked it; I imagine that people who like the combo of ingredients in it would like it though. The ambiance is beautiful and the service was excellent. I would love to go back for brunch!We had the ultimate Girls Night Out with NOLA Housewives. The photographer at Green Still Photography was amazing. The food, drink and swag bags were perfect!! 
I love Vessel but this place plus the housewives is what this city deserves,,,I attended a Christmas party here and truly loved the vibe and Style of this place. We had delicious food from mushroom risotto stuffed bell peppers, rib eye steak, shrimp and grits and rosemary potato's. Sad that I completely missed the salad. The cocktails were delicious and beautifully presented! Nicole was an amazing bartender too. Would love to go back for happy hour.The staff are amazing. I've never seen a team diffuse a situation as well as the team tonight. The staff are the best of the best, food is terrific and bar is phenomenal. Thanks for a memorable evening!Stopped by and stood by the door waiting to be acknowledged  and we were ignored. Customers inside saw us but staff was too busy to acknowledge  us.First time at Vessel and it did not disappoint! Mikayla, our waitress, was very attentive and helpful with the menu. She was awesome! Lamb burger and pork belly were our favorite things. In addition to that, the cocktail menu and happy hour were both delicious and a good deal. Can't wait to come back again.I ate at Vessel NOLA for the first time last night. The space is spectacular and who doesn't love a long, mood-lit bar?  However, the food didn't live up to the atmosphere. We started with the oyster special and it had absolutely no flavor. My friend and I had the scallops which were cooked to perfection but were under seasoned. Both of our other dining companions had the pork chop - both over cooked. The accompanying side was also tasteless. The service was very accommodating. I really want to love this place and will give it another try. Hopefully, the kitchen was just having an off night.