Baked Brie and gumbo pizza were delicious. Roasted Brussels sprouts were a bit mushy, though -- not up to par. Attentive servers.I love the vibe of this restaurant  The drinks were well crafted. The food... the food. Well I turned my nose up at pizza in Nola and I had to put my nose down when I tried the Creole pizza I was humbled and it was AMAZING.More fresh juices than the typical speakeasy-esque place.  Good mix of alcohols that people may not have tried before.  The drinks definitely lean on the juices than creativity but that's sort of refreshing so I can appreciate it.  Overall a great place to grab a drink with someone for a nice time.
Minus one star for the service.  Friendly but slowww.THIS WAS LITERALLY ONE OF THE MOST HORRIBLE MOST BIZARRE EXPERIENCES OF MY LIFE. 
I went to this establishment for a get together when we come in it was balmy and our large group was sat in a small section. Eventually the owner/hostess opted to move us to a large party room to give everyone adequate seating ok fine. The servers were nice but the service experience was slow at best. 
My first red flag should have been when I went to the bar to order a Ketel and club soda asked for muddle cucumber in my drink and was told no because there were too many other cucumber cocktails in existence. I laughed b/c clearly I thought he was joking until he handed my drink sans cucumber ( after I had to wait 25 min for it) should have been my clue to leave but I was at an event so let it slide.  Every time anyone I was with would go to the bar to order a drink or have the waitress bring one it literally took almost 20 mins which is crazy in a bar that wasn't that busy. Now none of this is what made the experience so bad. I'd been here a few times before never by choice but this was always typical for service there. What really brought things to the next level is when we tried to leave later that night. When we were ordering things the waitress asked for a card and said that everyone could square up individually later I found my card in my purse first so mine went up no biggie...until it was time to close up. Our serves told us she would split the check up a number of different ways. Then came back later to say my card was declined NSF. I logged on to online banking and saw that basically what they did is every time someone ordered some thing they ran my card. So I at this point have 3 transactions on my card for them totaling about $70. I tell the server that's incorrect. We were supposed to divide it up she apologized stated she would get her manager to rectify....her Manager THE OWNER comes back and immediate goes on attack mode. We don't have enough money to cover the tab blah blah blah and we owe him $75. I said no sir yall already swiped my card for the balance multiple times which is why is was declined by my bank. All we were trying to do is figure out a resolution so we could roll it was late people were ready to go. As we are trying to talk to him he says "get the fuck out of my business fuck it don't worry about it" I'm shocked at this treatment all we were trying to do was correct the payment issue. I get up to leave. As I'm walking out livid he gets in the face of one of my friends a woman and is very physically aggressive. Other people had to step in to diffuse the situation. I am shocked how we were treated and confused because the only questions we had were can you just cancel the pending charge and run another card do we need to run a card for the whole balance or the difference for what you already charged and what the balance was. I had to spend all morning on the phone with my bank because my card was frozen because they attempted to run my card for the full balance like 4 times after it had cleared for the partial. I am often out. I often have bar tabs I've never had this much confusion in attempting to pay a check. Or had an OWNER OF A BUSINESS BECOME PHYSICALLY THREATENING. My friend should have called the police and filed a report. This was outlandish I have never been treated. Like this before and I WILL NEVER GIVE THESE PEOPLE ANY OF MY MONEY AGAIN. Clearly business ownership isn't for everyone. Clearly you missed a few lessons on conflict resolution...there are too many amazing bars in this city to deal with this type of treatment. Places with better drinks service and food never again save your money. I will be reaching out to The owner I expect a resolution I will update the post to let everyone know.Truffle popcorn, baked Brie were great! Surprisingly the pizzas were fantastic - super crispy, thin crust. The specialty drinks were delicious and they also brought us all a sample of the "drink of the day" which was an added bonus. Yum!
Only recommended- pass on the Brussels sprouts.Loved this place! The server we had was so fun! She had a fantastic bubbly personality and made the time we spend there really fun. The drinks were a bit slow, however they did give us free pre-drinks - twice! They were fun fruity drinks. They were also playing top gun so my husband was extremely happy to stay and drink. Also, be sure to get the truffle popcorn, it's like crack!!!!This place has it all! The cocktails are extensive and unique. The food is amazing (LOVE the truffle popcorn). The seating is comfortable and great for conversation. The staff was attentive and knowledgable.
On the way out, we paused because it was raining, we had the pleasant opportunity to meet the owner. 
I cannot say enough good things about this place. It was the highlight of my weekend in New Orleans. Thanks Mr. Victory and staff....We will be back again!The bar is great. we went on a friday night and it was not too crowed very laid back environment. The music was nice as well as the people. we had a great time mingling and hanging out. we also seen a few celebrities so that was definitely a plus!! 
The cocktail of the day was the "Peach Rum Punch". They give everyone samples of the special which was great. The drinks were very well made and so was the food. I will be visiting Victory more often and I have a new place to bring my out of town guests!Drinks and service were really good!  The food (we had the lettuce wraps) were very tasty and a great appetizer to share. A bit pricey for what they were but very good. The 10% yelp check in helped with that ;) we will definitely be back here.Hadn't heard of this place till my boyfriend surprised me last weekend and mentioned we should stop there for drinks.  I honestly expected it to be the usual NOLA bar but was pleasantly surprised by the decor and overall vibe.  It's such a cool spot with a wonderfully chill vibe.  The lighting was set low and the music was perfect!  Loved the old school soul music and the drinks were unexpected and very delicious!  This is definitely a place that I plan to hang out more often.  Loved the chill atmosphere!  My only struggle is whether or not I want to let anyone in on this gem! Kinda just want to keep it to myself.  oh well, maybe it's too late for that....This place was everything that I wanted it to be.
It was chill, welcoming with an attentive staff and excellent drinks. We stayed for over 2 hours and it felt like only minutes had passed. The staff was great and spent plenty of time making sure that we had exactly what we wanted. We ended up asking our server, Jordan, for a shot ...one that was "dangerously good" (ie - tasted like there wasn't any alcohol in it but then later would put us on our ass) and Victory more than stepped up to the plate. That was one of the best shots I've ever tasted. The bartender, Megan made us a shot named the " NOLA Bomb". I have no idea what was in it, but I swear I could have drank gallons of it.
We didn't eat there, so I can't speak for the food but had we known how much we enjoyed the ambiance and the drinks, we would have gladly eaten here.  It is somewhere we will always remember and will gladly visit again.
Also, the Brazilian Jazz Guitar Duet was perfect.Victory is a perfect example of the power of Yelp.  There is no way we would have ventured off the beaten path to hit a bar who's only initial claim to fame seemed to be truffled popcorn - and what a missed opportunity it would have been!  
My traveling companion searched on bars within walking distance and filtered on 5 star ratings.  Victory was literally around the corner and with all those 5 stars ratings, why wouldn't we give it a try?  Neither of us are big cocktail aficionados, but since the menu had two pages of intriguing offerings, we decided to give a few a try.  Classics as well as house specialties more than did the trick!  And fwiw, to popcorn was well worth the $6 tab and the pizza made NOLA proud.
One last bit - Daniel Victory (yep, that's his name on the door) is a prince among men...not only is he a multiple award winning mixologist, he is a world class humanitarian...when he spotted us huddled under the next door awning in a driving drizzle, he offered us a real, golf sized umbrella for our walk home...kudos!  We can't recommend this top flight cocktail emporium, or its proprietor, highly enough!One of my fav spots in Nola. Offered a free drink sample of the drink of the day ( run carrots Tyne sour ). Super Korean lettuce wraps, the lettuce is so fresh that it seems that they grow it in the back.  Service is consistent good. The crowd is always mixed good ratio of female to male.
The carry out boxes are in a desperate need of an update   
Over all this spot is a great place to pre party before a great night in Nola.  
J. Essence B. NolaWe went to Victory tonight with a large group. My friend's card was swiped several times for the entire bill of about $75. We wanted to make sure that not only would she not be over charged (when the waitress was asked to split the check before and she clearly didn't do what was asked), but to also make sure that the bill was paid. There was even a balance due after that, to which I tried to contribute to. The manager was called, to which he kept explaining that her card was not charged when it actually was. And so much so, that the bank sent her emails checking if it was fraud. After a minute, the manager then got up, stating 'this is how I feel about your messed up check', he took it, and then made gestures as if it was squared away. He has an attitude, and still did not answer my friend's question about over charging her. 
As we were saying good bye to people and complaining about what was happening, he proceeded to yell in my face; hands slapping, while he was yelling at me 'you can get the fuck out then, get out of my living room'. He proceeded to confront anyone else there who tried to talk to him. 
We only wanted to understand and pay him. He was clearly having a horrible day, and has now lost several customers.  
Btw. The waitress and bartenders were nice and professional. This idiot, I'm not sure where he came from.I've found my new lounge. Fairly priced drinks, good atmosphere, with good looking women. How can you go wrong?!Mixologists extrordinaire. We went here based on Yelp reviews, and loved the place. The care they put into their drinks is beyond exceptional. My wife asked the bartender to riff on her usual vodka pineapple, and he came up with something so layered, it was new and deep and refreshing. pizza is great too. 
Go, keep the great out of the way places going. You won't be sorry.Struggling with this review!  I had to give 3 stars instead of 4 because of the service.  We sat at the bar, finally got one KILLER awesome coctail, then was never checked on again (we would have ordered another... and another...).  
I would like to give Victory another shot.  Hopefully the reviews about service will help turn the next experience around.Found this place first night right after we got to the airbnb. The cocktails were really good. The food was hit and miss. I thought the scallops were good but overpriced. The Brussels sprouts weren't great. The pizza was the best thing, which I do recommend. 
I would recommend getting pizza and cocktailsWe loved this quaint little place tonight! We had a huge lunch so when dinner time came around we were craving something a little lighter. I saw this place on yelp and decided to give it a try! We ordered drinks -which were delicious!! But I can't remember the names of them. &&& we ordered the Korean lettuce wraps and baked Brie. I liked the lettuce wraps but they seemed to be missing a sauce of some sort. They were okay, but would have been great with a sauce! The baked Brie was to die for!!! A huge portion for the price -and seriously worth every penny! It was my favorite and so stinking good! We practically licked the plate! Definitely give this place a try :)Was completely dead when I was there however was Sunday night. Cocktails were really good!!!!Eating with half veg, half meat-eater, three-quarters drinkers and one non-drinker is tough...but this place made it work. Free sample of the house drink was very nice. After that we had the baked Brie (which was incredible), and two pizzas: the Sophia and bianca. The Sophia was incredible. The crust here is next-level good. So buttery and just the right mix of crispy and fluffy. I seriously would eat the crust as before dinneI always enjoy this place. They have great craft cocktails. The free sample of the drink of the day is a nice tough. 
It is a really good place to chill with friends or with a significant other. It can get a little crowded at times though. 
The food, although a very limited menu, is really good as well.Great service. The ambiance is relaxed in a sexy kind of way. The menu is short and appealing to most any palate. We're starting with the Brussel sprouts and chicken satay.... Cajun pizza to follow..
Now well fed, the food was very delicious., especially the pizza. Troy says not to miss the Harry Nillson cocktail. 
The music selection is eclectic and brings back some memories from all genres and periods. Yay!We held a networking meeting here for about 100 people. The owners and staff went out of their way to make the event a success. We had such a good time that we stayed afterwards and just hung out. They have a TV which can play a PowerPoint presentation (great for recognizing sponsors, etc), great food, excellent service, amazing cocktails, and can even customize the music! The room at the back gives you a quiet space for private conversations. We would go back here in a heartbeat!Best cocktails in town. A whole menu of signature cocktails to choose from.  What other bar gives you a sample drink just for coming in?As a big fan of inventive cocktails, I was delighted with my experience at Victory.  If you are looking for a place to pound down cheap drinks in big plastic glasses, this is not for you.  However, if you are looking for craft cocktails/mixology then you must not miss this. 
The folks at Victory are passionate about and, in some cases quite inventive with, their ingredients (eg beet reduction).  My sampling of the menu convinced me that they were successful in creating flavorful, thought-provoking combinations.  Service is going to be slower in any establishment that is making complex cocktails (muddling botanicals and carefully measuring multiple components takes time) compared to the place that opens a beer and (maybe) pours it into a glass.  My experience was at variance with the folks who had problems with service, but I was there early in the evening for a couple of cocktails prior to going to dinner.  
If you are a fan of balanced, artisanal cocktails, then Victory is right up your alley.  Any fan of the other great cocktail establishments of New Orleans (such as Cure, Bellocq, Bar Tonique, etc) should make every effort to check out Victory.Excellent service. Fantastic drinks. Good ambiance. The food was good too! Non smoking environment was the cherry on top.This is I'm the top 3 craft cocktail bars I've been to, and I've been to quite a few. Drinks are amazing. The food menu is a little short, but it's a bar, not a restaurant. What they do have is delicious. 
As everyone else has already said Daniel Victory, the owner, is extremely friendly. I came here twice, and the second time he immediately recognized me. 
Hayden was behind the bar both times and he makes some magical drinks, especially the off-menu ones. 
It's a short walk from the French quarter, so no driving is necessary for most visitors. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone.This place is awsome they have a green chartruese machine. They have an awsome cocktail menu I love the beet drink. The bartenders are very good and have a ton of spirits to make great drinksThe free daily cocktail is a nice little touch.  It is just a few sips of something but it was a very cool touch.  My girlfriend and I each had a bloody mary and we split the truffle popcorn.  The bloody marys were decent.  Not great, not bad.  The truffle popcorn just tasted like plain popcorn to me for the most part but the girlfriend liked it.  Regardless, this place wasn't particularly notable for any reasons good or bad.  They do have a bartender who is a Jimmy Fallon lookalike though.Slowest place for a pizza!!!   Don't go unless you want to wait for at least 1 hour for just a small pizza. Horrible service too.  Stay away.Victory is what many New Orleans bars wish they were. The cocktails are great. The ambiance is one of a kind. And the service is perfect. It's the only place in town where I've been handed a free drink before I can decide what I'm ordering, and I'm fast at deciding. It's also a great location because so many other joints in the area get slammed by tourists, meaning you can usually pop into Victory when there's a game at the 'dome or the SKC and get a seat. It's a romantic spot, too, if you're looking to get your groove on.Victory wasn't too bad, but after waiting a while to check this place out, I was left unimpressed.
Victory is really small and is really a bit of a dive in nice clothing.  I can picture coming here on a nice night out, but on the night I was here, it just felt like your average run of the mill bar.
When we received our drinks, the order was messed up not once but twice.  I understand that it was our waitresses first time ever waiting tables (that's what she told us), but on a busy Friday night, the wait staff should really know what they are doing and management should maybe not put the new girl on the floor.
Would I go back?  Yeah, if I was in the area, but I wouldn't really go out of my way.The server was very knowledgeable and very attentive! The food was delicious! We had the Brie, chicken satay, Korean wraps and the Brussel sprouts. The Korean lettuce wraps were amazing!! Plus the drinks were on point!One of my favorite craft cocktail places in the city.  Must check it out!  Awesome vine, celebrity sightings and fun people.  Victory is a win!Found this convenient place on yelp when searching for "best drink" in New Orleans. We stopped here for a drink before dinner.  My husband and I sat at the bar and were served a sample of the cocktail of the day, which was delicious.  All of the drinks are made with fresh ingredients.  The bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly and it was fun to just watch him make the drinks.  I would defiantly recommend this place for a good drink, it's actually worth the $10-12 for a cocktail, unlike most of the places on Bourbon St.Friendly staff, good space, tough to spot, so look for their "Victory" welcome mat.
Excellent rye whiskey recommendation from the bartender. Cajun pizza was good if you enjoy chicken on pizza.
Will visit again!I love this place! I'm here way more than I should be, but I love the atmosphere. The bartenders are top-knotch mixologists, not just drink-makers. Tell them what you're in the mood for, and they'll create something original on the spot! 
The food (especially the creole pizza and the chicken satay) is great and slightly exotic enough to satisfy even the most discriminating taste buds. Seriously, there are a lot of us who come here 4-5 days a week.I wanted to head over here for quite a while, but I think your experience depends on who is preparing your beverage. We ordered the Pimm's Cup (which my friend had never tried before - shush!) and the Lavender Fields. 
I've never seen anyone put a Pimm's Cup though a strainer. 
I like mixology and aromatics to enhance my drink as much as the next gal, but between the actual lavender in the drink and the big spritz of lavender over the top, it was akin to drinking aftershave. It was a odd way to end a night.
Everyone behind the bar was friendly, and I'd like to try some menu items in the future.Great place: relaxed atmosphere, interesting and engaging staff, tasty appetizers, and a great mix of traditional New Orleans cocktails (try the Pimms Cup) and inventive house created cocktails (try the Port Cobbler).Knowledgeable bartenders and good food. Stopped here after a concert for the baked Brie but unfortunately at midnight they were out. Can't fault them for that it is midnight and they are still serving food. Had to settle for the crab meat au gratin and bacon wrapped scallops. Both were really good just not very filling. Sauce on the scallops and greens was great. We sat at the bar which to me looks like the best way to get the best service. Busy place and I didn't see waitresses really. The bartender(Evan sp?) we had was awesome. Seriously the dude knew his stuff. Made excellent drinks. And memorized orders which is impressive when you see how busy and how many drinks the dude makes. It's so nice to see bartenders that actually know how to do their job! Will be back to try that Brie and drink some tasty drinks. Pricey but it's because it's fresh and expertly made. Not often I say that for a bar but it's worth it here.Did not live up to the Yelp hype. Came in to watch the Saints vs Panthers and left with a meh experience. Waitress brought complimentary Long Island cocktails once we sat down, but was not that great. Ordered the roasted brussel sprouts, satay chicken, bacon scallops, and the creole pizza. Brussel sprouts and satay chicken were just ok. Brussel sprouts were super dry and earthy, while the chicken was paired with a very salty, generic peanut sauce. Not impressed. Bacon scallops and creole pizza were actually really tasty. Sweet crisp of the glazed bacon and the creole of the pizza were decent at best. Service was average; environment was empty, private almost. Experience was average. If you are looking for a great bar experience on baronne street while on vacation, look elsewhere.Went here last night and had the best pizza I've ever had! Great service and felt like I was treated like a queen. If you are thinking about coming here I would highly recommend it. (the Chicago 71 is a definite must have while coming here)We rolled in quite famished from a long drive and were a little disappointed in the personal pan pizza for $16. It was tasty, don't get me wrong, but pricey for what you got. Good thing out server, Jasmine, made up for it with excellent service. And they give you a sample of the cocktail of the day which wets the whistle just enough to make you order 2-3 more. Good music. Good vibes. Just need to step their pizza game up. We would go back for drinks for sure...Nice late night dive bar with delicious food options.  Friendly staff.  Could expand on the craft beer selections.Victory makes some of the better cocktails that I have tasted before. The drink quality is up there with the best, like the ones at the Violet Hour in Chicago 
It also has a great selection of whisky and scotch including quite a few of my favorite Japanese Whiskeys: Hibiki, Yamakazi, and Yochi. 
My wife and I had a blast in New Orlean this past weekend, and Victory was a big part of it. We landed at 11:30 PM on Friday, and we were eagerly looking for some Sazerac to start out night.  The first hotel bar we wanted to go, based on yelp review was closed at 12:00 PM, despite the fact that it lists its operation hour to 2 am.  
Victory was nearby and with great yelp reviews. So we stopped by to check it out.  We had some initial reservations, but after our first drinks, we were glad that we trusted Yelp. 
I can still remember every single drink we had there that night:
I started off with a Voice Versa, which was a delicious but strong drink.  Something I would drink again to quench my thirst for some whiskey.  My wife had the tequila humming bird, a smooth drink with a kick.  
Then we went on to have the Vieux Carre, Romos Gin Fizz, Pimm Cup, Bare Necessity, So Pho'king Good, Dante, and of course, Sazerac.  Oh and a shot of Chartreuse each. 
Perhaps, it's my first drink. My favorite is the voice versa, but if I am in mood for a harder drink, I will go for the Sazerac. 
We did not finish all of these until 4 am.  Daniel Victory, the owner, stopped by a few times to make sure we were having a good time and even took a shot of Chartreuse with us.  
And we must thank Daniel for recommending us to go to Cleo's after for some good drunk food. And the Ritz next night for some good jazz/bar. 
All in all, if you visit New Orleans and you enjoy cocktails, stop by Victory and you wont  be disappointed.  If you don't like your drink, send it back, they will make it right. It is that simple.The food was fantastic, the service suburb, and atmosphere very fun! The small plates make it easy to share food with friends, but still walking away satisfied! It was lucky that we stumbled on this New Orleans gem! I will be back again!!i went here last night. its a really cute spot the design scheme was alot of black and red. lots of tables in the front and nice relaxing couches in the back. i love that they had a fish tank i normally only see fish tanks at Asian restaurants.
the bar itself is amazing the countertop is made up of what looks like a million broken glasses. they have a great collection of spirits and liquers everything from Grey Goose to Japanese whiskey "Hibiki" they use alot of fresh ingredients so much that they store the fresh fruit in a japanese refrigerator the kind you normally find at japanese restaurants. the beet cocktail was amazing and i normally dont like beets.
food: i ordered some edamame i love that i can get my edamame fix without being at a japanese restaurant. other items on the menu was pizza which looked like a thin crust nyc version.
i look forward to being back soon the next day im off. i am soo there and so should you.Amazing cocktails and the best bartenders around. The daily cocktail is great, and you'll always find good company here. Try it!We showed up at like 1:30 am on a Thursday and the place had cleared out, and they still let us come in and have a couple of drinks.
They're really big on chartreuse here. I had two shots of chartreuse and the "gas mask" experience within half an hour. I also made friends with Anna, Del, Tomico, and Ian behind the bar.
When they were asking us to leave so they could close, Anna said she'd give us 20 minutes. I told her that was very generous. I don't think we took that long to leave though. At least I hope we didn't!
I'll be headin back this way real soon and I'm pretty sure I'll end up ingesting some chartreuse.Great atmosphere and awesome cocktails. Food was ok but only had the scallops (cooked to perfection but didn't like the overpowering sweet sauce). The real kicker is awful service. No Bueno!Classy, relaxing, delicious food, beautiful drinks, great environment and people. One of my favorites on a Friday night. Thank you to this establishment for always making my night worth while.Great "grown and sexy" spot! Great location for after work cocktails, lots of business casual patrons during the week and chic and hip patrons on the weekend. Utilized their private room for my co-workers' bachelorette party and it was perfect! Daniel the owner ensured that everything was flawless, by assisting with the airdrop to stream music and just stopping in to ensure we had everything we needed. Definitely top of the line service!!! This is my favorite bar in the downtown area; ambiance and service is above no others!Not a place to go to for dinner or a meal even. Pizzas are one size and small. Extremely limited menu and overpriced at that. Female bartender was friendly and made good drinks so props on that but the 2 guys working the night we stopped in we're extremely unprofessional. I don't know why they felt the need to have their ghetto conversation so loudly that we could hear them as we were waking from our building a block away. We almost turned to go in the other direction bc they were out front talking so loudly we didn't realize they were employees until we went in and they followed in after carrying on their extremely loud and stupid conversation for everyone in the building to hear. We had 2 pizzas that weren't bad but also nothing to be remembered, esp at close to 20 for a 12 inch, Brussel sprouts were also mushy. 2 12 in pizzas, Brussel sprouts, and 2 cocktails came to $70. Wouldn't of been so bad if the ambiance was better, but we could barely hear each other. They should focus on being a bar/hangout or step up their food game.While I love craft cocktails, I can't deal with the pretentious nature that surrounds so many places serving these interesting drinks. I'm happy to say that no such thing exists here. The bartenders are friendly, jovial, and informative. I was able to ask questions about different liquors without getting that "What do you mean you don't know what this ancient Asian bittered liquor is that we just dug from the roots of a turnacspeous tree?" attitude.
The drinks are great and I have yet to try the food menu, but I've been hearing good things.Upscale place in the CBD with and understated exterior but comfortable decor, friendly service, outstanding drinks, and even pretty good food.  Often it's a very trendy crowd and can be busy at times, but it's more of a neighborhood bar feel for me  and someplace I've been on multiple occasions and will return often.  Very nice.I arbitrarily, accidentally stumbled upon victory and I am more than glad I did. Although I was there for cocktails I was treated to top notch service and can say the craft cocktails are on par with, if not superior to establishments similar to victory in other cities I've visited without the drama you'd expect in say, New York or Los Angeles. I will not only recommend it to friends, but look forward to returning and sampling both cocktails and food from their unique fare. Victory has earned a permanent spot in my list of New Orleans favorites!This place is incredible. From the drinks to the food to the bartenders this place is the spot to be if u want a great custom cocktail with great service. Danielle is a terrific bartender and has such a great positive attitude which makes for a pleasurable bar experience. Go check this place out!!We weren't quite ready to end the night so we stopped in here for a drink before heading back to our hotel. I got the Brandy Milk Punch which is brandy, milk, powdered sugar, vanilla, and nutmeg. It's strong and delicious! Our bartender was super friendly and at one point several of them started dancing behind the bar! Everyone just seemed so happy here, haha. The other patrons were friendly, too, and the atmosphere is really chill. We didn't have any food but would like to try that next time, as well as more of their cocktails. Highly recommended!It's been a while since I have been to a bar that the bartender knew what they were doing, this place tops all other bars I have been to. The drinks they sling show the thought and creativity they put into creating them. As a former bartender I highly recommend making a stop in, great ambiance and their pizza is good too.This was a really great place to go with a group for drinks and a light meal / snacks.  They don't have full meals, but what they do have is delicious, and meant for sharing!  They greet you with a free "drink of the day."Service is poor and slow. Staff is incredibly rude. I give places 3 chances and this one has struck out.Got the Creole pizza with "Blood and smoke" cocktails. Highly recommend all around for the great vibe, drinks, and food. Do note, however, that this is more of a drink lounge and less of a restaurant.I must begin this review by saying that I am in no way, shape, or form a cocktail snob. I like beer, wine and an occasional cocktail of scotch and ice. That would mean that I am not the audience Victory is trying to attract, so take my review with a grain of salt.
After the most recent elite event, someone suggested that we head here for the after party. I am always down for an after party, so who was I to disagree?
Victory is an attractive place. As I walked in I was greeted warmly and directed to an intimate seating area my friends had picked out. It was quiet, dark, and somewhat private despite being next to the main path to the restrooms. This would be a great place to take a date, or a group you wanted to have an actual conversation with. 
I didn't order a drink, but was given some sort of fruity, fancy cocktail. It was very good. I wish I knew what it was so I could order it again. 
Our server was very friendly and even showed genuine concern when told how one member of our party had to flee Arizona due to a rival's attempt to silence him. 
I need to come back here and see if my experience was good because of who I was with, or if this is actually a cool place. As for now, I like it.
If you're looking for a fancy place to take a date, or just chill with friends, give Victory a try.For a quiet little lounge outside of Bourbon St,, I enjoyed how cozy, calm, and quiet it was. The drinks and food were all delicious with the exception of the chicken kabob with the peanut sauce being the only thing I didn't like.
The house specialty cocktail was good. They provide a sample of it before you purchase it. The sparkling wine was nice as well. The dip that went with the brussel sprouts was amazing. The pizzas are good as well.
I have nothing bad to say about this place. It's basic, and it's a nice place to have a quiet date with a friend before hitting up Bourbon St.If you want a kickass cocktail go here.  The drinks are artistic creations with locally sourced ingredients.  Amanda takes special care of each patron ensuring that every individual thirst at the table is quenched.  The amazing food is a nice bonus.  Come here for cool, low key hang out.Fun bar with great drinks. The bartenders are mixologists but still have the down to earth bartender attitude. I could see someone going in after work having a drink and chatting with any of the bartenders. Great bar with great drinks.Great little place. Good batch made cocktails. Food was simple but tasty. Caught them at happy hour and the check was reasonable.What a great find! They start you off with the cocktail of the day and it only gets better from
There! Stop in, you won't regret it.What an amazing surprise. Came in late (11:30 PM) looking for decent food and a good cocktail. Victory surpassed all expectations. Food was delicious. Lots of interesting cocktails, some served complementary. The owner, Daniel, and it seemed like all of his staff,  checked in on us every time they walk by our table to make sure we were happy.
Great vibe, great food, great drinks... This place is five stars.
Update:  this is pretty awesome. While chatting with Daniel, must have mentioned which hotel we were staying in. Good thing!  I left my wallet at Victory!  After closing, Daniel (or staff) delivered the wallet to my hotel where it was returned to me the next morning. Thank you!  That was very kind!Nice place for late night drink and food. Mellow atmosphere and friendly staff. Try Cajun pizza it's the bomb. Bacon wrapped scallops are good choice too!Victory is the place to be when you feel like going out. At the very least just drop by for a moment to try their drink of the day. First drink is on them. ALSO their pizza is amazing. They alway have a movie on the big screen even though it's muted. This place draws in young professionals from all over the city. Definitely one of my fav bars in the CBD.Rock and Roll, this place is awesome. The staff is beyond best of the best; these guys really have the right stuff. Atmosphere is very enjoyable - not your normal "bumper to bumper" beer and wine joint; this is a place to take a date or enjoy some wind down time after a day at work. I would highly recommend this spot for business drinks.My suggestion would be to avoid ordering food items and stick to the cocktail menu.  
The wait staff were novices, but the bartender (sorry, I can barely type much less speak the word "mixologist") obviously had skills and new how to put them to good use.  I geek out on amaros, so using Fernet Branca in the Triple-Bitter Manhattan was right up my alley.  I ordered off-menu to gauge his Old-Fashioned-making chops, and the result was very good.  Big block ice, weighty glass, luxardo cherry and a generous pour of a bourbon with which I was unfamiliar but enjoyed.  There is clearly room for improvement (our group's completed cocktails often sat on the service end of the bar for several minutes waiting desperately to be delivered), but once the kinks are ironed out this will be a decent option for high-end cocktails in the CBD.  
P.S. Ladies love the Chicago 71.I was really amped to go here. It was not exactly what I expected, but the service was good and the drinks are of the best quality. It's a shame that it's not more busy.  The food is really good. The fruit in the drinks is cut fresh, never left on the counter. 
They seem to be trying really hard. They almost have down and the whole place is  a little quirky. The nudes in the hallway are a bit out of place.  I love the cracked glass counter. 
The drinks were good, and the place was clean. out of the 4 drinks I tried, I liked 3 of them. my husband hated all 4. Every time I come here I love the drinks. The blood and smoke is my favorite. 
I will keep coming here.Was excited about because of high ratings, but I was disappointed. Went after work around 8 on Sunday with a coworker. The place had character. We were hungry and had never been so asked for recommendations and the bartender said everything. So we ordered the Brussels, Brie, ad lettuce wraps. We were sitting at bar and the kitchen is also behind the bar so you can see the cook prepare your order. Soon after we ordered, we saw the cook yelling at the bartender about how there were no dishes and needed to close the kitchen. We started yelping other places in the area to eat. We were confused if we were going to get our order or not. About 5 mins later after getting bartenders attention we ask him what was going on and he said they would make our food. Ordered drinks. Pims cup was good. Food took about 10-15 mins and came in waves. Brussels were just ok. Brie was good. The lettuce wraps came with beef and chicken I think. Beef was tasty but chicken not so much. We needed to ask for silverware. When we asked for share plates the bartender had to go looking for them. The bartender was pleasant but never checked on us. So basically, food tasted ok but I was disappointed. And service was poor. Idk. It wasn't really that busy. And we felt ignored by bartender while he entertained his friends. Don't think I'd go back.If you want a GREAT drink you need to go to Victory. The bartender is incredible and the drinks are works of art. No exaggeration.Great Place and will always be a stop when we are in New Orleans! The staff is knowledgeable and friendly and oh so creative. Best place for a drink a bite and some fun!This place was fantastic, mixologists are on point and they greet you upon sitting at the bar with a complimentary cocktail. The night we were there it was a gin infusion that tasted like rootbeer, if you're in NOLA this place is a must stop.So, so, so good. The scallops made me want to pass out. And their drinks are fabulous!! You walk in and they hand you a sample of their daily cocktail. And then I had to have 2 more of their wonderful basil, cinnamon daiquiris.
The bartender is awesome!! And I'll be enjoying lunch there tomorrow.Korean BBQ was delicious;  reminded me of Korea. Satay and bacon wrapped scallops were good too.  Friendly staff and drinks were yummy!This is one of my favorite bars in New Orleans. I've been here numerous times usually on Saturday night. The bartenders are great and aim to please the customer. They are very well diversed an knowledgeable when it comes to cocktails and their craft. All the cocktails are delicious and I think they are reasonably priced. The food is good too. I've had the pizza de sophia and the crabmeat au gratin dip. I'd order both again. The ambiance is ecclectic and sexy. There is also a very diverse customer quota here. I look for things like that. The owner is awesome. I've met him a few times. He is very down to earth and humble and you can tell there is a great working relationship between him and the staff. 
I'd recomend this bar for everyone.Had the Cajun pizza which was awesome along with the truffle popcorn and it was more than enough for the two of us. I wish we had a fridge in our hotel room because letting the leftovers be thrown away was pretty painful. 
The music was a bit too loud but other than that the atmosphere was great- very lounge-y vibe.For all the reputation that New Orleans has about being the home of the cocktail, it's surprisingly difficult to find an expertly-mixed drink in this town. Enter Victory.
Hands down, the best craft cocktails we had during our trip. I was particularly blown away by the Gin Fizz; the bartender took the time to shake the heck out of the tumbler and as a result the egg whites were very stiff. We also ordered a Vieux Carre and a few more drinks and each one was perfect. Really, you cannot go wrong here!Awesome spot, great drinks, friendly staff and yummy truffle popcorn! Highly recommended....You may miss it as you walk down Baronne but it's worth the turnaround. Tribe Called Quest inspired art and 90s classics mixed with a little OVO. Their Cajun pizza, Korean wraps and bbq bacon wrapped are musts. Welcome drink as soon as you enter the door. A friendly owner who makes sure you feel welcome. Great little gem!This is my absolute favorite bar in New Orleans. A mix of perfect classic cocktails and amazingly inventive new ones, Victory never disappoints.The Australian guy who works behind the bar is rad.  Everyone else is pretty cool as well.I love this place! Very good food and drinks. The atmosphere is very nice and the owner Daniel is very friendly! I will be coming back on my next trip to New OrleansThis is, hands down, the coolest and best bar ever. It looks like a swanky NYC bar, but not as pretentious. I've been to some $$$ bars, and the service there doesn't beat the service at Victory. The bartenders all have serious talent in mixology, and they give you a sample drink when you sit down. Everything is fresh, and they always cut new slices of fruit for the drinks and even pluck leaves of basil from their plants that they have behind the bar. This is a must-see.This was a great bar. We stayed at the holiday inn superdome ( don't ask, company party) and walked a few blocks over to get a drink and kill some time. Met the manager, had an awesome scallop appetizer, and some great drinks. This bar has a great vibe and some really talented bartenders, although I would like to point out that they curse like sailors and don't care who can hear them!!I'm sorry it feels like Monday, I'm sorry that your mixing glass stuck to your shaker, and I'm sorry that your computer isn't working, and I'm sorry that you were by yourself at the bar (even though there were servers to help you and only one guest drinking wine, and one with a bottle of beer), but come on, I don't go to a bar to hear your problems.  After you looked at your menu to see what is in a Vieux Carre, you made surprisingly good drinks.Fantastic drinks! We went here expecting just to stop in real quick before going somewhere else but ended up staying the rest of the evening. Drinks were super good. I'm really indecisive and don't know much about cocktails but after telling the super cool bartender (Brian, he's a fantastic bartender) what I usually drink back home, he made me the best White Russian I've ever had. It was AMAZING. My friend is really into cocktails and he answered every single one of her questions, no problem, and generally chatted with us between making drinks for other people at the bar. Second time we came here, he made me something he called a tequila julep that was so amazingly good. 
Food was also good here, we ordered the arugula pizza both time we were here and it was fantastic both times. Highly recommend coming here, super cool place.Such a fabulous little place...  a small modernized lounge with amazing artwork of sexy women posted throughout. As soon as you sit at the bar you are greeted by the bartender with a small glass filled with a free yummy drink special.  You can't say no to free!
I feel in love with a drink here named The Councilor ... muddled cucumber, gin, gin beer, slices of cucumber and much more :) It's definitely a refreshing drink you must try!  
The owner was cooking up some stuffed mushrooms that smelt and looked absolutely delicious! If I was ever to go to NOLA again, I'd want to go back to Victory to try more than just the drinks!We decided to try this spot one night during Jazzfest hoping to make it a quick bite before heading out. They give you a small cocktail taster when you come in, which is nice. The drink menu is extensive, the food menu is limited.  Our waitress was very pleasant, however when the cook burned our first pizza, the second pizza took an incredibly long time to come out. Overall, it's a good place to stop in the some drinks, but with so many amazing places to eat in town, I wouldn't have a meal here again.Amazing. Baked Brie, bacon wrapped scallops, Korean BBQ wraps, everything. Nothing disappointed. Service was just as amazing. Thanks, Chantal, you're the best.Wife and I stopped by Victory last night after hearing about it on Nola.Com and by the time we left, officially made our Top 3 bars in the city!  The mixologists (Ian and Daniel) are amazing and the drinks are by far some of the best we've ever had.  We'd recommend the the Baronne Flip, Honeysuckle, and Dante, but you can't go wrong with any of them.  
The atmosphere was very laid back and staff super friendly.  To top it off, great food menu too (we got the Prosciutto Pizza and it was fantastic). 
We will definitely be recommending Victory to all our friends and look forward to making it one of our usual bar stops!Great/happening spot. We were visiting from the Philadelphia area and went here only because it was so close to our hotel. The servers were super nice/sweet. LOVED the truffle popcorn (what a great idea). I really loved their sangria. Usually I try different drinks but stuck with that one that night. The server recommended their baked brie. It was fabulous. We also had their creole pizza. Maybe it's because there's NOTHING like this where we live, but their pizza was sooooo good. Where else do you eat shrimp on pizza? I'm so sad we probably won't be eating there ever again (or for a very long time). Thank you for starting off our big trip without the kids in an awesome fashion!Best place to grab lunch while here in New Orleans, not sure about the music, wish it could be more up beat but the food and drinks were amazing. Better music would of totally given it a 5 starBartender who wore a hat. He's very Un-attending. I truly don't understand all the high reviews for this place. Order a drink and get ignored for 45 minutes while the bartender is more interested in chatting with a fellow employee and watching football. There were no other customers on the place. I don't get who would have this employee bartender working for them .Awesome and chic you should def visit victory. I was pleasantly surprised to see an extremely knowledgeable female bartender who can mix up some  amazing craft cocktails! Thank you Danielle for knowing how to mix a perfect cocktail!Great atmosphere... I love the leather couches to hang out on and great music. They gave us a complimentary drink and the service was prompt and friendly. The hand crafted cocktails were wonderful and inventive. The food list was great for a quick app. I can't wait to come back with a group of girlfriends to hang out!We went to Victory at 10pm on a Tuesday and met the best waitress of all time, Elle! She gave us the best food and cocktail suggestions (although, I think every cocktail would have been amazing there) and was so sweet the whole night. Thank you for making our first night in NOLA one to remember!
If you're coming here, definitely try the truffle popcorn and the pizza - soooo good!If your looking for a nice lounge with excellent  drinks this is your place! The staff here are super friendly and give you that southern charm. I have tried most of the cocktails on the menu and they are great!Incredible experience...great good, great drinks and even better service! Atmosphere was unique...had a private booth in the back which took our night to the next level! The bacon wrapped sea scallops and Baked Brie were out of this world!After over a year of bimonthly trips to the CBD, and weary of the Sazerac, it has become increasingly difficult to find someplace new... So, after perusing Yelp reviews, I suggested Victory for a quick cocktail after work. A quick 3 blocks or so from Place St. Charles, this place is close even during a late afternoon rain. My friend described the decor and ambiance perfectly: cocaine chic. It's very fun, very trendy and very rock-and-roll royalty. 
We settled into a quiet corner with a leather couch and overstuffed chairs - I love any place that can make me feel like I'm curled up on my couch at home, dishing with my best friend over a glass of wine. A tall leggy supermodel came by to collect our drink orders - seriously, how do you stay skinny in this town???  Three Pimm's cups and we were perfectly settled in for a happy hour dishfest. Full disclosure: I had been talking about Pimm's cups all day, so I may have influenced everyone's choices. They have a lovely craft cocktail menu with some very interesting mixtures that I must return and try. 
And now to the most important part: my Pimm's cup. I'm unable to find a Pimm's cup in Houston, so whenever I am in New Orleans I absolutely must indulge in as many as I can find. Victory's were served in a daiquiri glass, well balanced and came with ample cucumbers, blueberries & strawberries. Needless to say, my craving was finally sated. Why other cities haven't gotten on this whole Pimm's cup craze I will never understand.  Even the NYT agrees with me: they're the perfect summer cocktail. 
We chatted for over an hour, service was efficient, if a bit spotty at times - at first, we were checked on repeatedly, but by round 3 we had to stop our supermodel/server on her way to another table to get our check. By then the whole place was quickly filling up with what seemed like a meeting - lots of folks in nametags - so we grabbed go-cups, paid the tab and moved on to dinner... In sum, a good place for an after-work cocktail in the CBD and some good ol' fashioned catching up with colleagues old and new.Truly a locals joint, that I was lucky enough to stumble upon while on vacation. The bartenders and servers are the best here (shout out to Parissa, Del, Loki and Ian) - out right awesome times go down at any and all hours.
You go to this place to kick back and have a good time, a few laughs, some seriously amazing drinks, and to meet new people. At least that's what I did. I was on vacation for one week in NOLA and generally have a rule not to go back to a place more than once... well I went back to Victory 4 times and had 4 separate but amazing experiences.
If I lived here, I would literally live here - at this very bar - all the damn time.Victory is cool,  I like where they're trying to go with the dimmed, pseudo - seductive lighting and their appetizers are pretty spot on. I do sometimes long for more in the areas of music and crowd but the pleasant bar tenders abd servers make that a minimal complaint. Fridays are very popular after work and the bathrooms are clean. I will say some of the lounge seating is broken so that was inconvenient but over all,  pretty cool spot when you're feeling chic ;-)Stopping by Victory early on a Saturday night was definitely one of the highlights of my recent trip to New Orleans. It being around 6pm on a sweltering Saturday in June, the place was quite empty, which was just fine with me - having the undivided attention of a talented mixologist like Ian can never be a bad thing. Was fascinating to hear about the national mixology scene from someone so enthusiastic about it. I ordered a Honeysuckle cocktail, which was much more intense and richly flavored than the light, floral drink I expected based on the name. (I take myself entirely too seriously to order fruity beverages but honeysuckle? How could I resist.) The combination of honey liqueur and cinnamon gave it a distinctly Indian, chai sort of flavor. Really good. Having won me over with the Honeysuckle, I let him pick my next drink - he opted for a flaming strawberry chartreuse combination that was as delicious as it was fun to watch him make. 
And oh right, the food. Truffle popcorn & bacon wrapped scallops - both right on target.
I'd been making my way through a number of New Orleans bars that were mentioned in Esquire's 100 Best Bars in America - Napoleon House, Tujague's, the Spotted Cat, Chart Room, etc. - but I'm so glad I stopped by other, newer bars like Victory and Bar Uncommon too. While Sazeracs, Pimm's Cups and Gin Fizzes are all delightful, it was much more exciting to see what new cocktail inventions the city's many talented mixologists are coming up with.I used to really love this place....about a year or so ago. But within the past year, it has become extremely popular and is often times uncomfortably packed on the weekends. The service is beyond slow and very sub par. For the crowd they had, there was only 2 bartenders, which meant it took forever to get a drink. I used to like the fact that they greeted you with samples of the daily cocktail upon walking  in, now that the crowd is so large, that no longer happens. So disappointed in the way the service has gone down at one of my favorite establishments.Very nice, chill, laid back type of lounge to hang out at and converse with a few friends. I really like that they give you a sample of their house cocktail. I'll definitely be visiting Victory again soon!!What an amazing surprise. Came in late (11:30 PM) looking for decent food and a good cocktail. Victory surpassed all expectations. Food was delicious. Lots of interesting cocktails, some served complementary. The owner, Daniel, and it seemed like all of his staff,  checked in on us every time they walk by our table to make sure we were happy.
Great vibe, great food, great drinks... This place is five stars.This neighborhood bar is a great place to go when you don't want to deal with tourists. I have been introduced to this find by my friends, or at least friends now that I met when in search for a bar to go to instead of Bourbon St. The patrons are friendly as well as the staff. The owners are great and know how to make a stranger feel welcomed. The drink selection is top notch. The cocktails made by the magicians are out of this world. If you're up for some adventure try Chartreuse, they have it in a drink dispenser where I normally would see Jager, or a gas mask.Love love love this place!  Great service and great food!  Try everything on the menu.... Amazing fresh squeezed fruit fusion drinks and fresh awesome food... Cajun pizza- love it!   Lettuce wraps - yummy!  Satay I want more! Shantal our waitress was fabulous and we felt like family!  Daniel was the owner/host with most!  Jason was an amazing chef!  We stopped in all 3 nights of our stay for great drinks and food!This bar was dead when we went and they just said it was an off night so there wasn't much vibe however, our bar tender was personable and friendly and provided good recommendations. Our cocktails were good- maybe a little pricey. It's worth stopping in for a drink though!Cheersssss! 
I love this spot. Definitely a few steps up from our typical Dive-Bars. Locally owned and operated this ambiance is some kind of wonderful! This place understands the value of good customer service. The staff is always cordial and management personally greets all customers. Complimentary specialty drinks to start the night always has a creative twist. The craft cocktails are made by a guru bartender with fresh fruit and other fixins.  The pimms cup is my fav! Guest appearances include Trombone Shorty and New Orleans Saints Players. The kitchen sits next to the bar which includes an array of pizzas and Gourmet popcorn. My favorite is the creole pizza and truffle pop corn. Always a good time at this place.Chicago '71. Try it. I'm from Vegas and this is one of the best mixologist-ism I've experiencedThis place is an alcoholic's playground.  The same night I flew in, my friend took me here because he is either friends/acquaintances or knows the owner in some form or fashion.  If I remember correctly, this establishment is minority owned or managed which I greatly appreciate.  In any event, the drinks are EVERYTHING.  I enjoyed the french 75 with brandy in it.  They also made a few drinks for me with something in a vial and a tiny bottle. I cant recall the name.  They also gave me a few free samples of various drinks.  I always revert to the french 75 because I love bubbles.  The food here is not really that great-then again it was late and I only had one item.  I had bacon wrapped scallops without the bacon :-| which were tiny and very sweetly glazed.  This place seems to once be a sushi bar or Japanese steak house or something.  There is a sushi station where you keep your fish-hopefully they have removed that.  There are some nice lounge areas in the back.  If you want to throw small gatherings, this can be your go to spot.  If you just wanted to get sauced, this is your ideal environment.  It attracts a diverse crowd.  Even a little dog wanted in, but the owners were turned away because no pets were allowed at the bar lol.Found this gem on Yelp.  Our luck they had the game on.  Ambiance, very chill. Food was really great.  Got the Cajun pizza and the bacon wrapped scallops, WOW is all I have to say.  Limited menu, but they do what they have very well.  Both the bartender and waitress were super great.  Highly recommend.Turned off immediately by the service. We planned to get a drink and appetizer but after being disrespected and not welcomed by our waitress we decided to get a drink and leave. The atmosphere is very confusing here. Moroccan decor, modern music, Alexander the Great playing on the TV and pizza on the menu.We had a great time at Victory. The food and drink were great, staff was friendly too;)These people are fantastic. Daniel's personality, Camille's hospitality, the bartender and wait staff go above and beyond. For a bar away from the chaos of Bourbon Street, this is definitely it.Love the mood-playing jazz and tunes, got here right as they opened. Gave me a on the house trial of the house special drink. Tried the spicy Brussel sprouts and Scallops. Paired nicely with a sazarac. The Brussel sprouts actually rival my husbands (not easy to do)! Delicious! Extra bonus Private Ryan was playing on the TV with closed caps. Just what I was looking for on the first night of this stay. Thanks folks!!!!One of the best place I went to in New Orleans. The environment is chill, but the food and drinks are even more amazing. 
Music they play is Neo-soul, which suits the joints and its customers. The drinks are very uniquely mixed and tasty. They do have a house specials for a free taste for customers. I recommend Dante and house special.
Food - I highly recommend trying out baked Brie and crab dip. The chicken satay is good but not the best. Overall this place won me over. Go for appetizers and they do have 10% off with Yelp Check in.
Service is pretty good. Good and drinks are out in reasonable time.Cool chill spot outside the bedlam of Bourbon street. Truffle popcorn and baked Brie were killer! Skip the pizza, not bad just not anything to write home about.
FYI like most tapas places food comes out slow and steady - don't expect a quick eat and leave.New VIP room! Lets just say your whole life will be transformed after sipping an amazingly crafted cocktail while relaxing in this room. Tranquility!Fun fact: I love alcohol... Especially when it is in a well crafted cocktail. 
From that POV, Victory lives up to my expectations.
Although I must say It hurts my brain when I see such attention, passion and detail put into their drink program and then such laziness and lack of concern with their food.
The menu is tiny and so is the kitchen. Therefore it shouldn't be difficult to pump out some delicious and simple nosh. Sadly, the food leaves much to be desired. My mouth was like, "screw you Davis, I thought we were friends". Nobody should ever serve slimy lettuce with lettuce wraps. 
When I return for cocktails... I'll be sure to eat beforehand.This place is an excellent stop. It has a very relaxing atmosphere, which makes it a really nice place to unwind with some of their delicious cocktails. The drinks are literally unsurpassed, each carefully crafted into a tiny, delicious work of art. 
 Rolling in here on a quiet night, you'll likely be greeted with a sample of a daily cocktail, which is always nice. The drink I was presented with wasn't my style, but it was definitely good. 
 I went with the "Paging Doctor A", which was absolutely incredible. My lovely companion ordered a Bloody Mary, a favorite of hers, and said it was one of the best she'd ever had. 
 The food I can honestly do without. It was good, especially for bar food, but I was far from blown away. It's all still creative, and a far stretch from your average lounge cuisine, so don't stray from trying it.This bar is a must when visiting New Orleans. Great Service, Drinks, and the Food is delicious! The Korea BBQ and Cajun Pizza was so good. Captain Victory and all the staff was great. We will definitely be visiting when we return to NOLA.The drinks were well made, food was good. Atmosphere and service spot on. We just wanted something close to the hotel on the night we arrived. Glad we found this place!I had never heard of this place, but I'm glad my friend recommended it. We sat in one of the comfy couch seating areas toward the back, and the server immediately brought us good-sized samples of their cocktail special, which was delicious. We had the baked brie and Korean lettuce wraps, which were both outstanding and rather large. My only minor complaint is that they were playing the "Snakes on a Plane" DVD menu for most of the time we were there, but at least that's a good story. I also appreciated the small details like the peppermints in the bathroom and the New Year's Eve hats and beads they offered. This is a great place if you're in the CBD looking for something more casual.I came here during my first long overdue trip to New Orleans and I have to say, it was one of the highlights. Bryan and Sam were bartending - they were a lot of fun and made some great cocktails. 
For my intro to Nola, I had a 1937 New Orleans Whiskey Sour which was one of the best drinks I've ever had; then a Manhattan-like original yet-to-be-named cocktail which was delicious; a venetian spritzer (based on "what was your favorite food as a child?"; and a "french sodomy" (based on "what is your favorite book?")
Dana, one of the waitress, made sure I was comfortable, watered, fed - perfect service!
Also had the cajun pizza by Brittney- huge, delicious! Too much for one but perfect to split. Everyone here is really friendly, a lot of fun and the vibe is perfect for kicking off the night :)We tried this place our first night in New Orleans because of the Yelp reviews. The reviews are on the money. Not only do they provide a daily free sample cocktail, but food orders may come with some lagniappe. In our case, we ordered a pizza and got very delicious spicy Brussels sprouts as an appetizer. 
The drinks? Excellent; their Bloody Mary is fantastic. It's so good, in fact, that when we went back a couple days later, they'd sold out of their mix. The atmosphere is really cool, as are the bartenders. Highly recommended.Nice trendy change if pace place. 
Lots of hipsters hanging out, decent art on the walls and fun for about twenty minutes or so. Didn't get to try the food, but it looked interesting. There's enough good things going on to stop by and see if it's a good fit for you.stopped in here after the Hermes and Morpheus parade this time i had a Watermelon caipirinha that was delish, cajun pizza which was like a meatlovers pizza was outstanding that i finished the whole medium size pizza by myself. their pizza is as good as the pizza joints around town in my opinion.
service and staff continues to be amazingI have been back here a bunch of times since my first review and I feel as if I have gotten a feel for the place.
When I go, I usually get the "daily", which is the cocktail of the day (you can sample it, before you order) or I just let the bartender mix me up something that he thinks I will like. I also really like the wine selection that they have. Although there are sofas in the back and tables, I usually sit at the bar and chat with other patrons.
The place never really gets overly packed.  It's one of those places where people stop in for a drink or two and move on, so there is good crowd flow.Nice ambiance. Lousy service. Four people in the bar; three staff; I waited 10 minutes (patiently, mind you) for  service. Seriously.The best nice bar in New Orleans!  Very nice atmosphere, and great cocktails!  Bartenders are very knowledgeable and are true mixologists.
If your tired of the dive bars that smell of stale beer and want a nice relaxing place to hang out, go to Victory!Nice chill lounge.. They offered us a complimentary cocktail of the day, which was very refreshing. Had my very first sazerac there and they definitely do not hold back on the liquor. A great ambiance, it is definitely a place I would come back to.Anytime you walk in to a bar and they offer you a freebie called the "daily house special" you are getting 5 stars from me regardless of the outcome of the cuisine. Plus Kelly, the bartender is a doll!Black owned bar/lounge! I visited here per the recommendation of a lady I met while visiting a museum. She said its the only place in New Orleans that used fresh ingredients for their hurricane and not premade mixes. I must say the hurricane was quite deliciousHad dinner and drinks here with a friend. Meal and cocktails were pretty good. But the service is slow and inattentive. They also got my second drink wrong (and took 20 minutes to serve it) and then charged me for that wrong drink after I had asked for it to be switched.Big fan of this place.  Definitely one of my new fave hang outs.  Cocktails are delish except (and this is why I gave it 4 stars) Lavender Fields.  They put actual dried lavender buds in the cocktail which float on top looking like little bugs and don't feel to great in your mouth either.  Not very appetizing.  The truffle popcorn is a must.  All the small plates I've tried have been tasty and well balanced.  They just started serving lunch.  With work only a few blocks away it's at the top of my list for new lunch places.  The owners are friendly.  The crowd is fun.  Not your usual places to hang out... REFRESHING!I have been to Victory twice now and it is quickly becoming one of my favorite bars in the city.  The service was excellent on both occasions and I loved the music selection.  It has an upscale vibe, but the unpretentious service makes it fit in with our eclectic New Orleans crowds.  I loved that we got a free sample of the daily cocktail before making a decision on ordering it.  The waitstaff seems knowledgeable about all kinds of cocktails and can make a recommendation based on personal tastes.  I especially liked the Dante.  Will try the food next time!First of all, I have to say this: damn, why do people have to be so rude and disgusting?!  I'd like to say right now that I'm just "venting" or "blowing off some steam" but those statements could also be construed as vulgar metaphors for what I'm complaining about: belching.  Why would a person suffering with such a colossal range of gaseous expulsions come and sit at a bar....next to other paying customers....and begin firing away like the Battle of Los Angeles?!  Where has the general respect and decency gone to in this world?  I really don't like to start out a review on such a negative but that's how I felt as I left this establishment.  Allow me to explain....  
It was a Friday evening.  A short time before my friend and I left this bar to head toward The District, an older, well-dressed gentleman came in and sat at the bar behind me, about two chairs away.  Not too long after his arrival, I began hearing ghastly sounds being emitted from his general location.  At first, I thought it was simply road noise from the street just outside, passersby rocking their ghetto blasters (does anyone have these anymore?), a large vehicle with two booming subwoofers pumping out a Mystikal tune from the trunk or maybe, just maybe, plates shifting in the Earth.  I was horrified to find out later, as the sounds begin to grow in both decibel and frequency, that they were originating from "inside" the man sitting behind me.  I kid you not, I turned around several times to check for an epicenter.  He did apologize a few times when I turned to glare at him but he continued to carry on.  When I was a kid, I was told that when a person says they are sorry, they are 1) admitting that they have done wrong and 2) agree not to repeat that particular wrong again in the future.  However, this guy kept blowing up like Mt. Tambora, leaving everyone seated at the end of the bar reeling from the concussive blast.  I have no idea what was wrong with this guy!  He did get up to go to the bathroom located in the rear of the bar but he continued popping off as he walked to the back.  Couldn't he wait until he actually got into the restroom?!  Was he trying to imitate a bat or a dolphin, using his belches like some wicked form of echolocation to navigate the corridor?!  It wasn't long after he arrived that my friend and I quickly departed.  Now obviously, the bar cannot be held responsible for the quality of their clientele but the staff could certainly reprimand those individuals giving the establishment a bad name.  Instead, my friend and I were the only ones that said anything to the man.  The bar staff appeared uninterested and unfazed.  Quite sad, indeed.
On to the drinks.  When my friend and I first sat down, a girl tending the bar was mixing an alcoholic concoction comprised of apples and bourbon whiskey with the vigor of a mad scientist on the verge of discovering a means to reanimate the dead.  I believe the mixture contained basil, as I did detect the scent of that particular spice when I first walked in.  Another bartender arrived minutes after we were seated and proceeded to indulge my friend's drink request.  The bartender looked exactly like Captain Morgan!  He could have been a stand in for the Pirates of the Caribbean ride at Disney.  Of the two bartenders, I felt the woman was a better bartender because she was more interested in how the various alcohols would blend together in a drink as opposed to "Captain Morgan", who seemed to be more interested in putting on a good show behind the counter.  He happened to make me a drink, which I requested as a margarita with muddled jalapenos.  Can you believe that he put Sriracha chili sauce in my drink for spice?!  My drink was red and murky.  Gross!  FAIL!  On the up-side, the woman made me a good Gold Rush, made with juice, bourbon and ginger liquor.
I was confused about what was going on with the people sitting at the end of the bar.  One girl seemed to have just come back from an office job and shortly after she finished her drink, she went behind the counter and was rummaging around in the shelves down below.  Others did, as well.  Maybe they were regulars and this was allowed?  This feels wrong.  Appearance means a lot in any public establishment and my feeling is that there should be a fine line drawn between the customers and just how much access they are granted inside the inner workings of said establishment.  It's wrong and unsanitary.
My final assessment: The drinks made by the woman were very good.  However, I was violently disturbed by the customer base, especially the guy seated behind me that continued blasting like an A-10's 30mm Avenger Gatling cannon.   The "customers" casually milling around behind the bar counter bothered me, as well.  The overall ambience feels like more of a dive than an upscale bar.  If you're looking for a very wide selection of spirits with a bar staff that's more attentive, it's probably best to look elsewhere.Stopped in since we were starving and were meeting friends for dinner near by in a couple of hours. Food and drinks were amazing. Service was insanely slow for a place that was mostly empty. There was one waitress who seemed to be doing everything. And three bartenders standing around. It didn't really make any sense. We had to flag her down several times to get water, silverware, and our check.In a city full of bars and lounges, NOLA's Victory is unique. If you enjoy really good, strong, and exceptional cocktails - THIS IS THE PLACE. By far the best mixologists in the city; Knowledgable and extremely friendly staff really seem to enjoy and take pride in their craft.  I wasn't quite sure what I wanted to order for my next round - so the bartender asked me some questions: "what I liked" ( I like Bourbon and Beer) - if I "prefer sweet or sour drinks" - etc. - then came back with a couple of amazing cocktails for me to try. Each was made with a different type of beer and single barrel bourbon. (Never thought I would like bourbon and beer together) One with a stout tasted like dark chocolate with hint of citrus - the other made with a pilsner tasted like a blackberry - neither were overly sweet. (He only charged me for the one I liked best). Amazing that Victory would take time to accommodate someone's tastes and desires.  
Clean and comfortable with a great atmosphere, this is NOT the place to go if you want to do shots or get Hurricanes...BUT if you want to sit down and relax with other friends that also appreciate excellent drinks - highly recommend you check out Victory.Victory made the best Old Fashioned I had in New Orleans. Good crowd, would recommend for a nightcap or chill place to end your night.I came here with some friends for some after dinner drinks last night and was very impressed.  The decor and ambiance is very modern and chic.  I really liked the bar countertop with the cracked glass pattern inside.
The feel of the place is kind of an upscale lounge that you would find in a more cosmopolitan city like New York, Chicago, or San Francisco. 
The mixologists here are some of the best in town, very friendly and professional.  They have a wide variety of their own original cocktails and their versions of traditional New Orleans cocktails.  You can tell that they take pride in their craft when they're preparing and presenting your drinks.
Definitely a great place to just chill and have a nice drink.  Highly recommended.
Note:  They are CLOSED on Sundays and MondaysAfter all of these years it is STILL my go to. Want a night out but have no one to go with? Don't worry  you will meet about 10 friends here before the night is over in a good night. Top of the line craft cocktails with only the best mixing them up! Cheers to victory! I am a personal chef here in New Orleans and when customers and clients from out of town ask where to go outside of the tourist attraction( i.e. Bourbon, french quarter..) VICTORY. Double stars all dayMy spot!!!
Sam is awesome!!! I 've been going to victory for some time. Yes I'm just deciding to write a review. first everyone here is uber friendly. On my second visit here they allowed us to bring a cake for my friend's birthday which was cool. This place is not huge but they make awesome drinks. The feel of the place is very modern and sleek. Toward the back they have booths and couches where you can kick up your feet or have a private gathering. Their drinks are amazing. I cant say I'm a connoisseur of liquors, but when go into a place and the bartender can make me something for an upset stomach that tells me they know their craft. They can make you a crown and coke but why would you want them to? Upon walking into victory and sitting at the bar they offer you a sample of their daily special, I love it because you can try something new every time you go. All of their bartenders are great but sorry I have a favorite which is Sam. He is the first bartender that took my favorite liquor (chartreuse) and made a mixed drink with it, every time he has a new way of mixing it. You can get a stiff hard drink to a light victory made moscato (they dont have moscato but they can make one) to a Blackbeard's mistress and everything else in between. every time I come here my tab skyrockets. Besides the drinks they have a few menu items like the truffled popcorn which is a light snack and very good and the creole pizza is pretty good but I don't go for the food. I'm always ecstatic to come here its a little gem on Baronne. Daniel, Sam and the crew are great and I'm always satisfiedAhhhhh what a breath of fresh air.  Located in the heart of the CBD, I've passed here several times & not thought twice about it, but on this night, it was within walking distance & definitely a Godsend.
Entering you're greeted by a staff member & seat yourself as it is the order of the day.  Grabbing a seat in the forefront of this restaurant, Shantal, gave us a sample of the "drink of the day", provided menus, took our order, made suggestions as requested & delivered our order.  She was very pleasant, attentive & informative.  
We ordered:
- brandy milk punch: so tasty, buzz worthy & refreshing
- a drink of the day: a rum punch, which was refreshing, light & flavorful
- the Korean BBQ Lettuce Wraps w coconut rice: two starkly different tastes, the beef & the pork, but both quite scrumptious; the coconut rice was flaky & moist
- crabmeat au gratin w pita bread: yummy for my tummy, definitely freshly prepared & lacking an overpowering seafoody, pungy taste that I've experienced elsewhere & the pita bread was a nice change, but I think I would've preferred chips
Checking in with the YELP app allowed for 10% off the meal, this was a BONANZA!!!! 
The decor initially made me think of a poetry set, as the high back bar chairs, bistro sets & mini sofas in the rear of the restaurant amped up the POETIC JUSTICE feel. Real Cali-modern feel; totally laissez-faire.  
I'll be back, those mini sofas & free samples will linger in my mind.Dark red walls, low lights, and black leather seating. Sounds a bit like a brothel, eh? But don't let that get to you, this lounge is fantastic!  
Excellent, warm service, personal attention...and attention to your cocktail needs. 
If you like generic beer and simple mixed drinks, this is not for you- Victory is bringing back the craft of cocktail making.  The owner had been at the Ritz for years before branching out on his own. 
Creative mixtures on the specialty drink menu...hot pepper margarita is amazing and they serve the BEST white sangria I have ever had!  
But if you don't find something on the menu, talk to your bartenders, they will happily mix you a custom cocktail exceeding your cocktail desires!
I have only had the bacon wrapped scallops from their menu, and they were flat out fantastic!
Low level music (usually old school R&B, Motown!) sets the ambiance, this a perfect place to go if you need to unwind & catch up with your friends after a long week.  Great date place as well.
You've probably walked right past Victory but take the time to stop in; you'll never look at the cocktail the same again!Great contemporary bar serving all the classics and some new ones with real bar ice which is a plus for me. This is a great spot to bring friends or that special someone with a bar like experience in the front and more of a club like experience in the back. Also if you have a party that you would like to host for some friends or want to just impress that certain someone there is a secret room in the back that is wonderfully decorated and available for those private moments. WDSU TV Anchor Camille Whitworth and her husband Damian Victory own this bar and they are there and very friendly to the patrons. Victory serves a surprisingly great pizza and if you want something greater get the pizza with the crabmeat au gratin on top.I don't even know where to start.... Victory is one of my favorite spots downtown. It's really chill, sophisticated relaxed ambience, good music (not live). A unique menu of craft cocktails and delicious "street food." This is a pretty sweet spot.
They play classic movies (without the sound) and the regulars are pretty cool people, too.
Poncho Villa and the Tequila Hummingbird are my two favorite cocktails... I like tequila. Who saw that coming? We've tried most of the dining menu... The chicken satay is a favorite. Always perfectly prepared. And there's a lettuce wrap thing that is also great. The pizzas are awesome....Their bloody mary is on point. Perfectly spicy and made with fresh ingredients....  there really isn't anything here that I don't like. 
This is not a huge space. It's really cozy though, with bar seating and tables in the front and comfy lounge areas in the back. 
It gets a little crowded for me on weekends, so I mostly go weeknights. That being said, I never have any issues with the quality or timeliness of the service. We always have a good time here, which is probably why we keep going back. 
It's a vicious cycle. that we plan to continue : )Cool little Lounge, that I had already bookmarked on Yelp and then later discovered  once we got to town, that a friend of mine knows the owners. We were in town for a birthday celebrating & had a wonderful time stopping by here. All of the food & drinks were really good. Loved the decor and laid back vibe. Wish we could have spent more time here, it looked like a cool place for locals.  We were given free drinks samples which were really good and the age group was perfect. I hope this place sticks around.After escaping at Clue Carre',  I needed a little libation.  Well, more of a celebratory libation.....Myself and several of my winning team members needed only to walk 10ft to Victory.  A swanky, cozy place next door.  When we first walked in, I thought maybe we would just sit at a table and then we ventured in a little further to a great section that made you immediately feel like a VIP! Five of us sat down and boom! Amanda was right there with a complimentary cocktail...What?! lagnaippe? ( a cajun term for a little something extra.....). After a lengthy description of a Jameson concoction, I was a bit scared.  After the first sip.. I thought...Wow! this place has the moves. 
A couple more friends joined in and it was on!
Drinks were ordered, I personally had the Harry Nilsson....and if you are familiar with his music, you will understand.....it took me back to peaceful days with Harry crooning on my Walkman in such a magical way I can't really explain.  The one thing I really loved was the ease of the cocktail menu, One price, a bunch of different choices....simple, easy....if you wanted to continue with the drink of the day, that was available....but I was more focused on which cocktail I wanted to try. 
The food....yep! the food......crab au gratin, pizza and chicken satay...all delish.  Something for everyone....
The ease of the night, the atmosphere...
Oh we were having a great time.....
but wait, there's more...
They have a super cool "Namaste....you feel like you're in another country" Private room that is available for intimate events, like bridal (bride or groom), birthdays, showers etc.
We were a joyous group and both owners, Camille and Daniel came by to see what all the laughing was about...They invited us to view the upstairs too, which is a super great space.  It's almost too much to share......but I'll say this.....parties, cocktail school, jam nights, weddings, corporate affairs and live music recordings,  
Oh man, I can't wait.
Will I be back, Oh heck Yeah!
 Will I tell my friends?  to be sure.....
but more than that...a nice comfortable place to hang out....
Amanda! can I get another Harry....stat!!!!I love this place. I've come here multiple times and can definitively say that it is one of my favorite bars in New Orleans. 
They have great drinks! The food is amazing too!! Try the baked Brie and a Ramos gin fizz! Best things on the menu!!!Love love love! Once we found out from someone at our hotel this was a black owned establishment we wanted to stop by to support. It was also extremely close to out hotel. 
The service was excellent! The waitress started us off with a free round of yummy drinks. We then ordered some specialty cocktails that were delicious. They give every table popcorn (similar to CERES in Chicago), but this popcorn was soooo much better. They make it in truffle oil and we added some saratcha sauce to it. Pure perfection.
The guy also gave us some crab dip with hummus bread that was amazing!!! Great atmosphere, awesome service, and nice bar/lounge to visit. I would definitely go back.Victory I can't get you outta my head, my head, my head. 
My legs are still sore from dancing on the bar {don't judge me}. Blame it on this crazy gorgeous blackberry mojito Daniel made for me. The piano guy played nice ballads for the intimate crowd. The truffle popcorn was stunning. I can't describe it, you should just try it for yourself.  
The cocktail menu in this gastropub is pretty comprehensive for the localholics. Guys, I give you A++++ for bringing a refreshing new vibe to New Orleans.Skip this one. We heard great reviews about the bartenders here but the drinks were only okay. We walked in and saw what could have only been an escort and her date hardcore making out in the booth next to us. This place only has pizza and appetizers, which we got two of. The scallops are phenomenal!! We also got the chicken satay which was undercooked. The chicken was raw!! The flavor was good, though before we realized the mistake. This place redeemed itself and took care of it very well. Unfortunately, we couldn't stomach another plate after eating that undercooked chicken. The staff handled the situation well, but the overall atmosphere wasn't great and seemed like it used to be a nice place that has definitely seen better days. It was a bad choice for our last night in NOLA and a definite date night fail. Victory? More like a loss. There are better options in this town, keep searching.Delicious baked brie and pretty good, spicy brussels sprouts. Atmosphere is a little odd. Red walls and lights, R & B music, and the name "Victory"... No cohesive theme or presentation. Average service.Perfect late night stop menu.  Awesome food.  Learned the art of true Sazerac from the owner....who took great care of us.Victory is the place to come  when you want a nice intimate setting. The menu selection is incredible. You can get a wide selection of drinks including a list of classic drinks as well. It is my birthday weekend and Im having a blast here at Victory. Come check it out. Its for all walks of life. Its New Orleans.We've drank at Victory a handful of times now and always had a good night of it. Initially we found the place because it was below an apartment friends of ours would rent when visiting NOLA.  
Interior is low lit, dark red walls and long and narrow. They have multiple seating options, from bartop to quiet little lounge cubbies in the back for maybe 6 friends. 
Most notable would be their cocktails. The bartenders appear to have lots of creative freedom to throw together new ideas into a shaker and see what comes out. If you're looking for a blurry night and a big headache in the morning, order the gas mask. 
One big con is their slower service. The place tends to get packed on the weekend and there isn't enough bartenders to go around at times.
All in all, if you're in the area, it's a great spot to stop in for a drink and see what you think.After an exciting romp at the Clue Carr where I was in the group of winning escape artists, we ventured next door for a nightcap at the Victory Lounge.  We sauntered past the bar area, several tables and booths, to where we were seated in an enclave off the main aisle, perfect for accommodating our group. Right away, our very engaging waitress, Amanda provided us with complimentary Jameson Irish Whiskey infused cocktails.  As we sampled several of the Light Bite offerings, both of the establishments' proprietors, Camille and Victory were drawn over by our fun filled banter. The Light Bites included Chicken Satay, which is Thai peanut marinated Chicken with a Sriracha Aioli and Peanut Sauce; Baby Stuffed Portabella Mushrooms with Spicy Pork Sausage, Bleu Cheese and Sriracha Aioli; and Lump Crabmeat Au Gratin with Pita Bread.
Camille welcome us, thanked us for our patronage explained the establishments' mission statement and asked us to be sure to take a tour of their facility.  Victory sat with us awhile and explained the various bar items.  Our group of party people went thru several cocktails including, the Harry Nillson, made with Coconut Vodka, Fresh Lime Juice and Simple Syrup; the Poncho Villa, made with Tequila, Jalapeno, Grapefruit Juice, Agave Nectar and Bitters; and the Holy Trinity Bloody Mary, made with Amaretto, Lemon Juice, Simple Syrup, Pineapple, Chocolate Bitters and Egg.  The Harry Nillson is a fitting tribute to his songwriter's lyrics, "She put de lime in de coconut, she drank 'em bot' up."  The Poncho Villa brought back fond memories of the old western sitcom of Cisco Kid and his trusty sidekick Poncho. And to set the record straight, the Holy Trinity Bloody Mary was divine.
As promised, before we departed, Victory took us on a tour of the establishment.  There is a secluded chamber in the rear with plush sofas and recliners.  The place really has some versatility for a variety of functions.  Its hard to say what was most pleasing... the excellence of the mixologists, or the welcoming atmosphere.  For certain, its a winning formula.Mellow sexy spot! My best friend and i decided to come here after a long day and it was the perfect move. The staff was extremely friendly and although there was a small menu the items were perfect. Everything taste fresh including the drinks. The drinks definitely were different but very appealing to my taste buds.This review makes me tear up a little, because I wanted to LOVE Victory. I wanted to plan my birthday around Victory. (Craft cocktail bar tour: four bars, four cocktails.) I wanted this bar to be the place of imagination and wonder, and I just...it's not. 
For a very special good-bye evening before I packed up for grad school, my roommate took me to do anything I wanted. My request involved dinner at a nearby restaurant (Ste. Marie) and dessert cocktails at Victory. I passed up creme brulee for this. Yes, I did cry a little bit because of that. (Or maybe because I was sorta drunk and being melodramatic. Whatever.) 
The space is so beautiful. It's just jaw-droppingly perfect. Other reviewers have gushed about the space, and I pretty much agree. That's what made it such a bumpy ride for me, though. Walk into this beautiful, lush bar with a dear friend, hoping for a great evening...and CRASH. The soundtrack was Springsteen top 40 hits, and some stupid football game (not the Saints) was projected on the wall. Am I in a craft cocktail lounge or mediocre Mississippi bar? 
The sample cocktail was a nice touch, although our server made nasty faces when she introduced it to us. Probably because the Saints lost not hours before. The concept, however. I'll give them the concept. 
My drink (a Dante something or other: ginger and gin, remember that) was spot-on. No one broke a sweat making it, either. Kudos. I bet Victory would be one of the few places in town that makes Manhattans that surprise and delight my picky self. My friend, though...she's interesting because she has that funky gene thing that makes alcohol pretty toxic. I figured Victory would be a home run for her because good bartenders with a ready stock of fresh juices and syrups can always mix up something more unique than a Roy Rogers (coke and grenadine) or a Shirley Temple (Sprite and grenadine) for the discerning non-drinker among us. In truth, her drink was utterly perfect. Blackberry syrup floating in lime and something else really delicious that I was too buzzed to remember with fresh berries on top, all dished up like a real cocktail? Yes! It made her feel special and wanted and part of the fun, which is always a challenge. The best part? Her juice cocktail clocked in at a meager $3, which made our evening even happier. (I was just not ready to pay alcohol prices for  a non-alcoholic beverage.)
You see how well Victory and I were getting along? But nooooooo, it just couldn't be. Had it not been for the atmosphere, Victory and I would be best friends. I'd probably still be drunk from enjoying everything the bartenders can think to turn out that doesn't have vodka in it. 
Accessibility notes: Door opens in. High tables. No braille menu or signage. Loud space. Low light.If you're looking for a place to unwind and just chill while engaging with an entertaining staff, light appetizers, and an not so ordinary cocktail, then this is your place. While the liquors and ingredients are premium, so is the service. It's a very tastefully decorated lounge, that won't interfere with the buzz you will certainly receive from the artful concoctions served by ingenious mixologists. It's definitely where you wanna be if you feel as if you deserve the very best, or at least a pat on the back. While  fresh and sexy it still gives you that "Cheers" feeling. And who doesn't  wanna go "where everybody knows your name"?My friend and I decided to give this bar a chance and it was a good experience. Love the atmosphere, drinks and the food was really good. The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because of the service. The bartender that took our order completely forgot about it and we waited over 20mins before another bar asked if we order and than the guy said he forgot. So we got our order plus shots on the house.If Del the bartender's hat wasn't enough reason to stay then the amazing daily cocktail sample he poured us (Tequila sour with basil and papaya tonight) was. Bars are as much about their employees as their libations. We're enjoying his company and the drinks so much that I couldn't wait to yelp about it!So I had a beet based cocktail here and, yes, it was really weird. No, I'm not sorry I ordered it, but I don't know that I will need to ever drink it again.  After drinking my veggies, I switched over to the white sangria which was really solid with lots of fresh fruit.
I tried the truffle popcorn that others had raved about. It was OK and maybe just not my thing.  I would definitely go back.Stumbled upon this place while looking for a place to eat near my hotel. Great pizza and drinks but service was really slow even though there were only a few people in the restaurant and 2 people at the bar.Great place for original cocktails!  Very friendly staff and the owner is wonderful!  Please visit when you are in New Orleans!  It is a must see!Love this lounge! Laid-back, quaint, off the beaten path, good food, great drinks, mature crowd and the owner was super friendly. The complimentary cocktail of the day was yummy and a nice, unexpected gesture. I'll definitely be back!Super fun place. The staff is friendly and the bartenders KNOW how to make a good drink! They could use some music or better movies playing in the background, but overall it is a great environment to hang with friends!!!Honestly, the best mixologist in town and best crafted cocktails in the city! There's even a "daily cocktail" you can try for free! Never a dull moment, excellent small plate meals. I absolutely live this place, and everything about it. 
The owner Daniel is an amazingly great guy/bartender! I love victory!
When you leave you will definitely be screaming VICTORY! LolLooking for cocktails, I used Yelp to find this place and glad I did! You would completely miss this place otherwise, as there is "hella" construction happening on this block downtown. The bartenders were so friendly, they made you feel like you were "in the fold" and were very knowledgable about their drink list. The drink special of the day was offered to us as a sample, free of charge. My boyfriend really dug it so he went with that. I chose the Bare Neccessites, which has been on their drink list since day one and now I know why! (Bourbon, barenjager, simple syrup, raspberries, gingerale). We also ordered the curried chicken satay appetizer and the crab au gratin. The satay was undercooked but we were brought a replacement, cooked at proper temp with no difficulties. Our server was attentive and friendly. Make this a stop the next time you are downtown, you won't be disappointed!This place is a gem. Fantastic crafted cocktails, truffle popcorn, creole pizza. Great service. Will definitely be back.Such nice staff who gave good recommendations. Delicious appetizers that we split. Great place for a relaxing night out for drinks!Fully adequate late night stop if you want okay pizza.  You're drunk, so it'll do fine.I was definitely impressed. We went on a Friday and it was really busy, which wasn't what we were hoping for as we wanted a more intimate environment. I guess being really busy is a good thing it means you're doing something right. Overall I love their drink menu and liquor selection.
If you go on a the weekend don't order food or be preparred to wait a LONG time.The first bar that I've ever tried chartreuse. It was over 3 years ago. It was here, that I began my obsession. They have the craziest shot called the Gas Mask. Come here to find out what it is because I'd rather not ruin the surprise. The owner is amazing, the staff is awesome, and the drinks are unlike any other!I've been here only three times and, most recently, for a quick meeting and all I had was a glass of chardonnay. 
Service was good and I really like the vibe of this cool place. It's warm, inviting, relaxing. The kind of place where you can unwind and not at all pretentious!
I recently learned that they are number 1 in the country for Chartreuse sales. I love that stuff and had no idea!
I've also had their brussel sprouts which were divine! But that is the extent of my foray into their menu. I would highly recommend if you are looking for a great cocktail and a place to just chill!Love this place! Great food, cool atmosphere and drink! With great company= an excellent night in New Orleans!I loved the atmosphere here. The sample of their signature drink of the night was a great touch as well. The food was decent. However, the service was lacking that night. 
When I arrived, I sat down and it took a little long for someone to help us. I had to go to the bar and grab a menu because it did not seem like anyone was going to acknowledge us. Our first waitress didn't communicate the status of our food truthfully. Eventually, another waitress assisted and we appreciated her because she provided an explanation on the status of our food. Aside from the service, nice spot!Not great. It's in a weird part of town. Kind of a dirty, shady spot. Went in 2 hours before they closed. The bartender, after a couple minutes, came in from the back and didn't even greet me. There were two other people in the whole place. I asked if they would be open a while and he said "The server's gone. Come to the bar when you're ready".  It was the slowest and most lackluster service I've had in a long while. 
All of these things I could overlook, but the food was not good. Yes, this $18 12 inch 4 Yelp-star pizza was boring. I've had better frozen pizza. No lie. There was hardly anything else on the menu, so it can't be what I ordered.La la love it! Victory Bar has me shouting "victory!" for they seem to have it all: good cocktails, swank setting, and *truffle popcorn*.
(I know. I have you at truffle popcorn. And if I don't have you with truffle popcorn, I feel very sorry for you). 
Victory's cocktail list is pretty damn creative (edible cocktails, anyone?) and features their own specialties in addition to New Orleans classics. I spied a Truffletini on the menu, but didn't want to make it overkill with the truffle oil, so I'll have to try that next time. I was sipping on the special drink of the night which featured gin and some orange loveliness. But really... so many cocktails... so little time.
Really, can you think of an evening spent any better than this:
Curled up on one of the lounges in the back (sectioned off so that 4 or 5 of you and your friends are in little coves), with a strong drink in hand and bowls of that decadent popcorn to snack on as you relay plans for your vacation next week. 
OK, so the only part of that scenario that didn't happen was the discussion of plans for a vacation. 
But who needs a vacation when you have Victory?If no stars were possible, Victory would get it. I went with five of my friends and we were seated in back. We ordered four tapas, waited 45 for one (the lettuce wraps, which were admittedly good) and the rest never came. We reminded our waitress and she said she hadn't taken our order (lie), but that she would get it done. Another 45 went by, with no food, no drink refills...no service. Another waitress offered to help, but after continuing to wait, my friends and I gave her $25 and walked out. None of us have ever skimped on a bill, but I've also never come so close to dining and dashing. Fire the waitress with the long wavy brown hair and perhaps this would get 3 stars!Which would you rather be greeted with at your table, when being seated; a basket of hard bread, a bowl of stale chips or a delicious sample of that restaurant's cocktail of the day.  If you're like me and you're visiting the "big easy" for the first time... the latter is the "easy" choice.  Great food, great atmosphere and a free cocktail sample.   This place is a triple threat.Great craft cocktails and a casual atmosphere. Good food and service too!!  Perfect for after work or late night.Great find! It was packed and obviously under staffed however the service was still impeccable. The owner was constantly checking on us and all the other patrons making sure we were all in good shape and was very apologetic for any lack of service, which we assured him that there wasn't. Will be back for sure, the pizza and Brie was awesome as well.Came here after watching a Pelicans basketball game. The drinks were great. Had a dark and stormy and it was delicious; had the right balance of sweet and sour, and alcohol amount. The food was just ok for the pricing, nothing special. And, the atmosphere was also just ok. They have an amazingly beautiful private room further in the back as you go to the restroom. If you can sneak in there after you ordered your drinks for your date for a more private setting.When I was here a couple of weeks ago,t I was handed a complimentary mini-version of the cocktail of the day as I walked in the door AND it was a bourbon drink so clearly I was welcomed. It was a bourbon sour and was light and delicious and perfect for a hot evening...
But I eventually switched to an old fashioned anyway because y'know...that's my drink. It was an excellent take on the classic.  Meanwhile we ordered some food. The creole pizza was delicious and we gobbled it up.   
Our server Laura was delightful and attentive without hovering. And the bartender mixed an excellent cocktail.
Yelp Bonus: 10% off your bill with checkinWe were drawn into Victory Bar by the sign that boasted acclaimed bartenders/mixologists and immediately wooed by the chill vibe. We were greeted with the daily cocktail tasting, which was a Tamarind Rum punch that transformed my whole idea of my Island girl rum punch. It was so subtle and smooth. My Chicago 71 cocktail also offered a whole a new taste of gin. It was fun to watch the bartenders craft the drinks like pieces of art, and the guy on duty had a great shake. I'm a sucker for a good shake.  The Truffle Popcorn was delicious: the truffle oil did that magical thing it does to your taste buds and insides and each bite popped with the spice of jalapeno salt. Our waitress Cheyenne, shared a bit about the owner, who we felt like we knew because you can really can feel his intention to create a great and unique experience in the details without even meeting him. I really fell in love with the vibe: it feels cool, genuine, intimate and friendly. I wish I lived there because I would definitely be a regular.This place could have received 3 or maybe even 4 stars but the service was awful! They started off right by bringing a round of complimentary rum punch to the table which was pretty good, especially since I'm not a drinker. We then waited 20 minutes before I finally went and got the waitress to take our orders. Everyone ordered pizza. It took another 25 minutes before the first pizza came, then each of the other 3 came out 10 minutes apart, so we didn't eat together. It was almost like they cooked them one at a time.   When we finally tracked down a waitress to get the bill, her response to our separate checks for food and alcohol (since we were on a business trip) was "Do you see how busy we are, are you really asking for that?" And then she screwed up the checks placing all of the alcohol on one bill with my coworker's food. The pizza was pretty good and the popcorn was great. The ambiance was nice as well but the service negated all of the positives. Needless to say this was the worst experience of our 4 day trip to New Orleans.Most innovative mixology lounge around!Nice place to hang on a Saturday night. Not pretentious or crazy crowded.  Greeted with a free sample of their daily cocktail, and they have Italicus which I love and isn't all that common.   Nice musical groove and not too loud.  We had the truffle popcorn.  It was yummy.  Playing HeMan on TV - quite amusing.My friend and I fell in love with this place. We stumbled upon it one afternoon while walking back to our hotel. It was so cute on the inside. The ambiance was classy. The drinks were amazing..freshly made using real fruit. The appetizers were very good. The popcorn was quite tasty as well as the margherita pizza. The music was good. The bartenders, server and the owners were all very personable. Would definitely go back if we're ever in NOLA again and would certainly recommend to others.Very nice atmosphere, the bartenders were very knowledgeable.  Got a free sample of the house special cocktail of the day which was delicious.  The Poncho Villa was amazing, so spicy with jalepeno.