Don't even mess with those pizza places on bourbon street. If you want a really great slice of pizza just head over here. I'm not even messing around when I say this pizza is good I would have to rate it on one of my top 10 pizza experiences ever. It's relatively cheap and I didn't have a hangover the next night. Check out the chicken place next door too which is owned by the same company.We did not  have high hopes for the only food option open at 9:00 p.m. on Christmas Day.  I was prepared to eat cardboard covered w/canned tomato sauce.  However, we were very pleasantly surprised!  They told us 45 minutes for delivery to our hotel, and it only took about 25.  Prices were reasonable.  Delivery man was pleasant.  Food was hot and fresh and yummy.  We got the Bourbon Special (chicken, spinach, pesto sauce, and feta), and it was really, really good!  Highly recommended if you need something quick and good to eat delivered.  (That's my only experience with it, as I was in from out of town.)It was alright for Burbon Street late night. The service was sucky but hey you get what you pay for. The pizza slice was maybe $4 with a bottled water. Hey I was in The Nola and a little tipsy and almost didn't care what I ate.I'll be honest. I was very drunk and it was very late when we stumbled in here for a late night pizza. However, not only was the pizza super tasty - it probably saved me from a very nasty hangover the next day.
The guys behind the counter indulged me with loads of drunken high fives. Kudos to the guys working the late late shift on Halloween!! Was a great way to end the night.Recommended to this place by a New Orleans resident, and it was okay. It was a good cheap meal, but it wasn't anything impressive. They also have one of the most awkward bathrooms ever.I found this pizza place on Yelp.  Delivery was free to my hotel.  The wait was listed as 45 to 60 min, but it only took 25.  The pizza was perfect for me, crispy crust but not overdone.  The sauce was very good as well.  I highly recommend this place if you're staying near the French quarter.i recall being dragged through bourbon street one night around 3 or 4 am and my friend saying, "believe me it will be worth it." 
it so was. 
i had a slice of chicken pesto pizza (they should consider adding potato)  and it was soooooo good. sure, everything tends to taste good when you have drunken munchies. so i tried to go back sober one afternoon and was sad to find they were closed. it was a monday at like 2 pm? i will have to go back sober some time.We came in to grab pizza to go and the guys in there were above and beyond the best!! They gave our kids small balls of pizza dough and were teaching them how to roll and ball them. The kids absolutely loved every minute and when we got back to the hotel the pizza was great!! All of us thought it tasted great and loved the experience at the restaurant as well!Asked a door guy where I could get fast good slice o pizza. Told me here. Small place only accepts cash. Huge slice for $3.50 yummy. Wheel of fortune was on. The bathroom door does not lock beware. Pizza was good.My wife and I were looking for a delivery pizza option that would be a step up from the chains (Papa Johns / Dominos / etc...) and thought we found it with Vieux Carre. We ordered from the Hilton Riverside hotel and, even though we were less than a mile away, we were quoted a 1 hour delivery time. The pizza we received made me wonder if they had just swung by pizza hut and replaced the box. It was edible, but not much more. In addition, the delivery guy wouldn't come to the room and grew impatient when it took more than 30 seconds for me to get down to the lower lobby to pick up the pizza. I guess our expectations were just too high, but this would not warrant a repeat order, particularly in a city with the fantastic food of New Orleans.First things first I need to specify that I ate this pizza sober. there are a lot of reviewers that stated to be drunk when consuming the pie so I want to give a realistic review. Although the pizza was good I wouldn't say it's the best that I have had but definitely better than any pizza chain. I was estimated 45 minutes for the delivery and it came in 30 minutes. I received a call from.the delivery man once he was in the hotel lobby. the pizza was warm not cold as some reviewers had specified.  I ordered the San Francisco. it was good and inexpensive. if I am ever back in town I would eat it again if delivery is needed of course. in comparison to the other restaurants on Bourbon street this may be your best choice  unless you are eating at the Bourbon House. Good choice for the kids. My son is eating two slices at the same time as I am writing this post.Stoked friend of mine suggested having pizza here. I ordered slice of spinach and cheese pizza. So good. We were a bit turnt first night trying though, tried the following night sans alcohol and just as if not more pleased than night prior. Thank you, Shannon! Also super funny memories from night one dining here. Never forget. Will return!Best pizza in the French Quarter! We visited Vieux Carre twice during our stay and it was exceptional both times.  I loved the Bourbon special pizza with chicken, pesto, feta and spinach.  It was reasonably priced and the staff was friendly.The first night I was in New Orleans, I made terrible life decisions, one of which involved buying a Hurricane not from a reputable bar, but instead from a man selling homemade concoctions in an alley off of Bourbon Street. It was $5. I tipped him $5. I proceeded to drink a frozen form of this popular Hurricane headache and found myself taking a shot of Jameson from a rather friendly bartender.
In an effort to sober my drunk ass self up, and to save tomorrow's hangover, I decided to buy pizza from Vieux Carre Pizza, which is located in close proximity to the Dauphine Hotel. I ordered myself and my sister a large pizza - half pepperoni and sausage. I think the total was $17.10, which is rather expensive now that I think about it. In any case, the pizza was delicious. The dough was bomb. I can't emphasize how good the dough was. It was fluffy and the dough to topping ratio was on point. In fact, we ate this pizza the next day without refridgerating it and it was still good.
If you find yourself in a drunken stupor, like myself, I highly suggest you buy a pizza from here.Y'all, this pizza is SOOOOO good! The crust is thicker and very flavorful, the ingredients seem fresh and of great quality. This is amazingly delicious pizza for any meal of the day! ...we were  here 3 nights in a row, sober and with a few drinks! We tried all their pizza slices and cheese bread,  and they were all good. Definitely stop at this place during the day, or late at night. You will not be disappointed!There is a wait time for larger orders.  The pizza is really good and the breadsticks are great!!  Definately recommended!!After a long night of drinking, my husband and I stumbled back to the hotel and jumped into bed, only to realize, we were HUNGRY! There was no way in hell I was putting socially acceptable clothes back on and searching the streets for something to eat. I looked on Yelp, found the nearest pizza place, and ordered away. They answered the phone on the first ring, did not put me on hold (which most pizza places are notorious for), took my order and delivered the pizza to our hotel in about 30 minutes. We ordered a large cheese and after delivery charge and tip it came out to $16. You can't beat that! This is not fantastic pizza by any means but it does the job. We both woke up hangover free and I'm pretty positive I have Vieux Carre Pizza to thank for that.Delicious Pizza delivered to our room!  A supreme
Loaded pizza with the best cheese we've ever eaten for $17!A really close second best pizza in the NOLA. Great thicker crust pizza, but not quite deep dish, really fills you if looking for a hardier slice. Pretty good quality crust for a little side pizza spot. Thing that really sucks at night is no credit cards accepted???Not a huge place, but the bourbon special pizza has been some of the best and freshest pizza I've had anywhere! Both today at about 9:30pm as well as last night at about 4:30 am when I originally found it. I'm really impressed that the quality is this good at any time of day. Kudos!!Nice service folks, we tried the meaty offering and the  chicken pesto, it was oddly similar to the pizza I got at the Buffalo airport before I left. Nothing fancy, but it's not garbage if you need to fill your belly.If I could leave a negative star review I would but unfortunately this makes me pick a one. The place is filthy, like literally, trash piled on the bar area and and all over the floor/tables. 
The pizza was horrible, I think the people who leave positive reviews are either totally wasted or have no tastebuds. I think dominos pizza was gourmet compared to this garbage. I never really leave bad reviews like this, but this joint was awful. As I looked around everyone was drunk out of their minds mostly so clearly this must taste like paradise. I will never go back and my tastebuds are still traumatized by the awful cafeteria pizza that I ate.Great slice of pizza. Bold fold pepperoni was just the thing to save the day! Hot and ready no need to wait.Dropped by at 1am in the morning during a Saturday night in the cattle drive of Bourbon Street.  There is a walk up window for ordering.  There were around 10 people in front of us.  Service was quick.  The pizza was fresh and good.Ordered take out from here. Ended up getting the San Francisco which turned out to be pretty darn good! The cheesy bread was good also. It is a good sized portion! 
We had the medium (14") pizza which was more than enough for me and my better half. She even commented that the food was pretty good.
I'd get food from here again!So this is the spot. Pizza is fluffy but with crispy crust. Down the street from the apartment we were staying at, so thats how we discovered and have gone every night before we head to bed.Do not go here. Literally there are dozens of other pizza places on bourbon that won't rip you off. Crusty people, crusty pizza. The cashier tried to give my friend $1 back for a $4 slice on a $20. Then instead of listening to reason the manager said he would "review the tape". This took 30 minutes. While we waited the cashier called us profanities and was unapologetic. Even when the manager returned to tell us we were right and gave us the full $16 change, they offered no apology for the disrespectful way they handled the entire conversation.
If you respect your time and money, walk past this place.Drunk or sober this is hands down the best pizza you can get off Bourbon street. You can tell they use quality ingredients.Currently eating here! Husband and I got a slice each and 2 cokes for $10.50! Delicious pizza, super big slices. Small divey type place, but great spot to stop and eat. No line at 5:30pm!Best pizza in NOLA and across America. The dough is a perfect consistency of yumminess and deliciousness. Cheese bread and garlic bread is so amazing i don't even know how to describe it.Pizza was good onsite but delivery was incredibly slow. Was supposed to be delivered in 45 minutes...90 minutes still waiting. Only go here if you're desperate and can get there in person.I work at a strip club on Bourbon St., so take my word for it when I say that Vieux Carre Pizza is the best "pizza by the slice" available in the Quarter. Certainly my favorite stop during my lunch break. Forget Jester's pizza and all of those cardboard bread pizza slices up and down Bourbon. The bread at Vieux Carre is nice and thick, and the pizza is delicious. I recommend the chicken and spinach, but they're all good. Not only is the pizza fabulous, but the prices are also the cheapest. A slice of cheese will only cost you $3.00, where as slices with toppings run from $4.00-4.50. 
Probably the best place to stop in the Quarter for an extremely quick and cheap eat. Service is friendly as well. All of the guys that work here are rather nice.This is the most unbelievable pizza I've ever had in my life. My friends and I were just looking for a short drunken bite and we ended up going back every day while we were vacationing in New Orleans. INCREDIBLE and an absolute must. Try the bourbon pizza, then try it four more times. I promise you that you will not regret it.It was ok. I have had better. But they came earlier than they stated and they had delivery. So it was convenient for me...I never do reviews but felt it should be done here. I had just got home after a cross country flight and was starving.  I ordered a pizza for delivery and was charged for the pizza. I received a notification that it would be delivered in 45-60 minutes. It was never delivered. I assumed they were busy and gave leeway on the time. An hour and a half later the pizza was never delivered and the store was closed.   Didn't even get a call or text to say the order was cancelled.Too salty. Convenient if you're in the quarter, but a lot like little caesars. Better than frozen any day though.Yeah... who thinks of pizza when going to New Orleans!?!?  Well, just in case you are hitting Bourbon Street hard and don't want ettouffee, or rice and beans or some other New Orlean's "delicacy", there is a great pizza option right in the French Quarters.  Go off Bourbon by a block or so and find Vieux Carre.  When you step in the shop, it actually reminded me of the pizza shops from home. Nothing special, small counter with a carousel of pizzas by the slice.  There really aren't a bunch of specialty pies sitting out there for you to select from, but the slices are very good!  I agree with others to bypass the pizzas at all the bars serving those frozen drinks... Get the Hand Grenade drink on Bourbon and then head on over to Vieux Carre to grab your slice!A notch better than your typical pizza from the likes of Dominos.  Although some would say Papa John's still beats these guys out in flavors.  New Orleans locals however, all say this is where it's at for all your pizza needs.  Slices are sold always and since people are always in and out, fresh slices are always available.  Locals also say the Bourbon special is what's recommended.  I'm saying, "aucun" / no.. not for this Chicago pizza lover.  Chicken, spinach, pesto and feta doesn't sound like a winner for me, but plenty of women stand by this special.
If wanting a full pie, it takes about fifteen minutes or less since they are often making fresh pizzas to sell.  The place can be nuts at times, especially after dark because they are just a few feet off of Bourbon.  The pizza is hand tossed thin and unlike the many, many other places in the nearby area selling pizza slices it tastes good and you might return for another slice.  In the last three days, for different reasons I've been back more than 3x times.
A few tables are for diners in seating anywhere up to ten or so. Open late.  
For those of you tourists that are negligent of the creole / Louisiana accent when asking for directions don't pronounce it as it is written; I got a lot of smiles and laughs.  It's pronounced "Voo Cur-ray"Had the veggie pizza, wings and breadsticks delivered. Awesome food. Fairly quickly and watch it run. Great thanksAfter several attempts on Yelp online ordering, we got it straight. We ordered the bourbon pizza, chicken spinach pesto feta with add mushrooms. The pizza was at our hotel within 40 mins. With free delivery, that's not bad! The pizza was really good and not because we were hungry after doing the tourist thing all day! Give them a shot, they won't disappoint...Bourbon street has lots of pizza joints where you can get a good old greasy slice after (and during!) a night of drinking, but for absolute indulgence just take a few (literally) steps off Bourbon and try Vieux Carre Pizza. Located on St. Louis behind Chris Owens bar, it has hot, delicious, non-greasy pizza that is leaps and bounds above the greasy overpriced pizza on Bourbon. And you must try the Bourbon Slice! With chicken, spinach, pesto and feta cheese...it'll make your taste buds happy! (Okay after writing this I have now decided Vieux Carre is what I'm having for dinner!)Pizza in NOLA just stinks.  After loosing our money at Harrah's we walked outside and asked some locals where the best pizza place was. They sent us here.
Their pizza makers said this was going to be the best pizza we've ever had, apparently they have never been to sneaky pizza place on the 2nd floor of the Cosmo in Vegas, it wasn't.
It was decent, some of the girls complained about acid reflux in the morning and blamed the pizza, but not anything that knocked our socks off. Almost $40 for 2 pies AND we had to wait 20 mins for them. 
Pizza in NOLA just sucks if you ask me.  That's why you see hot dog stands popping up on the corners. 
After looking at the pix, the pizza doesn't even look good...A solid choice in the FQ. Just steps from our hotel....there were no shortage of choices, however, the ability to order online directly from the YELP app made the difference. Our pizza was ready, on time, and actually tasted great as well. The whole experience was solid and we won't hesitate to order from them again.This is by far the BEST pizza in New Orleans. A bouncer recommended this place to us a few years ago and it's become a staple pit stop every time we go to Bourbon. The crust is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, the cheese is perfectly melted, and the meat is the bomb.After one drink called the Hurricane from Pat O'Briens, I was drunk and craving for food.  We found this pizza joint close by, and I had a slice of pepperoni pizza. Surprisingly it was very good.  The cheese was thick and the pizza tasted like a cross between a Chicago style and New York style. It definitely satisfy my appetite.After waiting for about 10-15 minutes on the guy behind the counter to let me know the pizza I asked for was ready (Hawaiian, one of the 4 or 5 options), he told me he hadn't even started making it yet. I reminded him that I had been sitting 10 feet away waiting on the pizza, but he insisted he thought I wasn't serious about it. There were only two other customers in the place, it wasn't as if I'd been lost in the crowd.Nice people, but awful pizza when you're sober. Thick doughy crust, great for soaking up the alcohol, but not much for flavor. Ugly dirty place, would it kill them to freshen it up a bit?Now, this wasn't our first trip to NOLA, so we knew we didn't want some tourist spot! We know good pizza and no matter how late it was, we were not willing to pass up on taste! 
We ordered a double cheese pizza with light sauce.
Regular cut the first night, and square cut the second night. The pizzas are as customizable as you can imagine and the service is face. They delivered right to our hotel lobby and didn't keep us waiting a second. The pizza was hot, the ingredients were fresh, and everyone savored each bite.If you're in the French Quarter only get pizza here.  It's cheap and good and not like those daiquiri places.Stayed at Q&C Hotel during Mardi Gras season, and got hungry past 11pm-- I was so worried we would be outta luck but this place got a pizza to our hotel room door in under 30 min! So happy! 
Note: it was cash only, but that was fine with me. :)This is a come and go kind of pizza place. I only enjoy it when I'm starving or have had a few drinks which...is every time I've come here so I guess I'm satisfied each time. It's not a place I'd bring my folks though, that's for sure. 
That being said, I like the chicken and pesto slice and the spinach and feta slice the best. It's a smallish place where you walk in and order at the counter. They heat up the pizza and you can take your slice to the few tables to the right and use the bathroom before you go on your merrily way in the Quarter. 
For what it is, it's a great pit stop. And across the way is a Big Ass Beer place so there's that.We were craving a late night pizza and this was one of the few places we found open late on a Sunday. They delivered to our hotel in less than 45 minutes. We did half cheese and half pepperoni and mushroom. For a large pizza and 3 cokes, the bill was only $23. Great service and delicious pizza.Quality and price makes this place unbeatable.  Wonderful toppings, excellent crust recipe and great choices makes this place hard to beat for pizza. Ate here five times in one trip. Enough said.Supplied pizza to a 15 person bachelor party quickly and easily. Dude came on a bike, and was very cool. 10/10 would do it again. Food was good, too.Very rude staff.  We didn't try the pizza, although the wings were excellent, even though they took about 15-20 minutes to get them from the time we ordered.  (Having worked in restaurants for much of my youth, they should only take about 8 minutes to fry.)  You could tell they were just taking their time before they even bothered with the order.
The wings were seasoned perfectly, although I don't know with what exactly.  They serve the sauces on the side (cold), which I'm okay with, but I would have rather been given an option to have the wings sauced before served.  That said, no sauce was really needed considering how well they were seasoned.
This seemed to be one of the few places in the French Quarter that sold chicken wings.  Located right off Bourbon St., this is a great place to go for an appetizer before dinner or for a late night snack.Horrible customer service, especially in the evenings. The first time I called a month ago they "didn't accept Credit Cards" even though it is posted on their website and the food delivery site the use.
This time I called in my order, (I called and emailed twice to confirm the order and my address), I waited one hour and forty minutes.  The third call they say they won't deliver to Treme...xxxBonus for this place being opened late, but don't be fooled. The pizza is terrible. Good people though. Next time just get a frozen pizza and bake it yourself.After being up for 18 hours, 12 of those hours spent on flights, this piping hot, cheesy, fresh veggie and meat toppings pie hit the spot!  Who'd'a thunk I'd come across such a tasty pizza in the Crescent City...not this Cali raised guy, good job!It's pizza when you're drunk...and only when your drunk. Pizza is placed back into oven so it is a little dried out and still got cold fastI've been to NO twice & have stopped in here 8 times! Love love love the pizza! After a night of binging, took my friends here & they fell in love as well. We ate for lunch & dinner over cajun lol! It's great drunk or sober! Supreme, Pepperoni, chicken & pesto...try it all! Maybe fly it home too!
Cash only tho. Enjoy!!Best Pizza in Nola! Not a lie. Highly recommend! Great, friendly staff! Awesome pizza anytime of day. Conveniently off bourbon streetAfter visiting many establishments in the French Quarter and the hour was getting late, I was in the mood for pizza.  Looking in several places along Bourbon St (interestingly many of these other pizza joints had a dizzying array of frozen drinks on offer too) uncovered nothing appetizing.  However, the neon sign at Vieux Carre Pizza caught my eye.  So wandered down and had  a look.  Pizza looked and smelled good coming out of the oven so I got a slice to go.  Was a tasty treat to munch on while walking back to the hotel.  Great way to end an evening!On our last night in NOLA my husband and I were pretty exhausted and wanted to get some easy and quick food delivered to our hotel room.  We ordered the supreme pizza and a Greek salad.  It took a little longer to get to us than estimated; however it was hit upon arrival.  The pizza reminded my husband of Pizza Hut-but only in the sense that the crust was thick.  This is a hardy pizza, the toppings are plentiful, the sauce was very tasty and plentiful.  The cheese was also really good-you could tell it was fresh by the way it was stringy and melty! The salad was fresh and a nice accompaniment to the pizza.  I would eat here again if I were back in town.Got my pizza delivered; very good pizza but took them an hour to get the pizza to my house which was 10 mins away, also when I got the pizza it was cold. I like the pizza just not the service.Who wants some Pie? This is your place for good pizza by the slice. Hot, cheap, close to Bourbon. Found this place on yelp and was pleasantly surprised. Great Crust as well. Good Eats & Cheers!Quick delivery. Very delicious - a little pricy. The cheesy bread is amazing, I highly recommend it. 
The medium size pizza (smallest size they have) is HUGE. $30 w/ tip- cheese bread, medium 2 topping pizza, can of soda.The atmosphere is not very flattering but the pizzas are really good. And they are open late.Reading so many great reviews, we decided to go here...big mistake. The pizza here wasn't any better than papa johns or dominoes. Only difference...I expect this level of "quality" from dominoes..We ordered pizza here to be delivered to our place. Pizza was delicious, arrived warm and within a reasonable time of our order being placed. Great ending to a night out.This place doesn't look like much but omg the pizza is delicious!! I tried the cheese and vegetarian slices and it was both really good. If you looking for a quick bite then this is the place to go! They have limited seating area but it's not an issue at all.Date of original review: 12-7-2015
Best pizza in the quarter! There are plenty of greasy slice pizza joints on every corner in the quarter (especially on bourbon) but if you just take a couple of steps off bourbon you will find Vieux Carre pizza. It is fresh, pizza by the slice (though you can order whole pizzas). Their Bourbon slice is the things dreams are made of! It has chicken, spinach, pesto and feta cheese and I have been known to drive to the quarter just for this pizza (and this says a lot considering how big of a pain parking is!)
Tip: They are open late (3:30 or 4:30) and also deliver (not sure what times delivery is available).I'm a new Orleans local and this is my favorite spot for pizza in the quarter, and their garlic bread is amaziiiiing!They always have fast and friendly service.best late night snack right off burbon st!
jumbo slices of pizza!Any place where I can get Pizza By The Slice thats half good when I'm drunk is gonna get praise. But in all seriousness, I did enjoy this pizza. I had it twice during my first trip to New Orleans. Both times I was intoxicated and both times I got their equivalent of a Meat Lovers. The crust is a little thicker than I like it, but I think it helped soak up alcohol in my stomach. I can't think of anything negative to say about the place, the service was fast the pizza was good, the locals like it too. On New Year's Eve I saw a group of NOPD Cops make a break in the line and get pizza for themselves. I thought that was kinda cool. They made every one take 5 steps back and then ordered pizza!
When I return to The French Quarter, I'm sure I'll be returning to Vieux Carre for more late night slices.I am in love with the cheesy bread. It is so good and so addictive. The pizza is good also and one slice is so filling. Super fast delivery (on a Sunday afternoon) also!Wanted some pizza without going to far from Bourbon Street.  We had a fresh meat lovers prepared and it was really good.  Only reason this isn't a 5 star is because it wasn't very clean and the restroom was out of order.  Totally get why it can get a bit dirty inside being so close to Bourbon, but just a little effort could make VC Pizza really stand out since their food is so good.late night drunk pizza. i think this pizza would be pretty good even if you had it at say 8pm vs 2am.What can I say. Fabulous pizza, especially late in the evening. 
If you eat in, it's not table side service, but a place to sit and enjoy you food, drink, and the eclectic group that passes through.A definite hole in the wall that is well worn - if you can get past that and want to get tasty chicken fingers for a buck a piece then this is the place to come - especially if you only have 15 minutes before a walking tour begins and you are starving! They are served in a paper bag piping hot and oily but hit the spot! P.s. Do yourself a favor and don't actually look at the oil in the fryer....Decent pizza. Highlights are they deliver late. My only complaint is that the wing that were so raved about came with ranch instead of hot sauce. May be my fault for not specifying but they should've asked. And  also they were very very short and rushed on the phone but ill give them a pass cause it was halloween night.Pizza is fresh and delicious! The few times I've come here my pizza is always fresh out of the oven and the staff is great as well! Thank You!We had five girls and a child and ordered an x-large supreme pizza. It was so good. It was delivered to our hotel hot and ready!! Only thing is they wouldn't accept their 4.00 off coupon when I presented it saying that I had to notify them that I was using it. They didn't saying anything like that when we ordered!!! The fella that delivered the pizza was not a nice friendly guy about the coupon!This guy is the original spot whenever I come to New Orleans and go to Bourbon Street and want a freaking slice of pizza. This guy's pizza is off the charts his pesto chicken pizza is the best ever made. I am a VEGATARIAN but I've had that pizza so many years ago and this guy for sure makes the same pizza everytime. Going late at night or early in the afternoon or morning his pizza is fresh this guy is so packed late at night. His pizza is made right there hot and tasty in front of you, it's a small spot but it's an enjoying place to get a pie have a few drinks enjoy bring a few friends to if they have not ever checked out this pizza place in New Orleans. I have been there 3 times to new Orleans and have been to this spot everytime in my life. AN AMAZING PLACE TO BE THERE PIZZA IS DELICIOUS I LOVE IT AND I AM guaranting you that you will to.Disclaimer: Was ridiculously drunk and hungry, and it was late. This was the only place we could find after Copper Monkey informed us of a 45 min wait on their food. 
Can I just say...wow.
I'm from California, pizza out there is good, and I've never experienced pizza on the east coast (I'm not a pizza snob...but I like pizza) the crust was SO good! It was fluffy and flavorful, and best yet...even after an evening filled of drinking, I woke up and STILL remembered this delicious life saver. 
So I give it 5 stars for my experience, however, if I went back sober I'm not sure if it would still get 5 stars, but currently, YES!
Oh! Another side note, mentioned this place to a local, and was informed it's the best pizza you can find in the area.OH EM GEE. Their special on the weekend of August 24, 2018 was LIFE CHANGING. Chicken pesto pizza. I will honestly come back to Bourbon Street if it is solely for that pizza. What an incredibly reasonably priced pizza by the slice pizzeria for the best pizza I've ever had. Sincerely!By far the best pizza on Bourbon Street. The man behind the cash register was really friendly. I tried the meat slice. It was very good, and quite large for $4. My only complaint was that it was really greasy! They have some counter seating available. Also if this is your last stop of the night, Lyft and Uber are very accessible from this location.It's across the street from our apartment and happens to be good. 
We've only had the pizza, but we've had that quite often. The staff is nice, and they work into the wee morning hours. 
Sometimes you'll see a line of drunk kids sitting on the curb chowing down.
Cheese slices are $3.50 and the rest are $4. 
So tempting when I don't feel like cooking. Fresh and Hot. MMM.
Delivery too.Hardly palatable. Just because it's the best pizza on Bourbon doesn't mean it deserves 4 stars. I've had some terrific pizza from N.Y. and L.A. that deserve 4-5 stars and this doesn't get it. Solid service but it tastes like cardboard. 
Obviously, pizza isn't Bourbon's specialty, but my bf LOVES pizza and really wanted to try a slice in the area because he could honestly eat pizza every stinking day. At $3.50-$4 per slice no no no. I had to add extra Parmesan and chili flakes to eat this. Man I can't believe it ate most of it thinking back to those 30 minutes ago. Ha! Won't be heading back. 
I don't review and rate best on how relative the food/service is for the area, it's either great or good or bad and this pizza has no flavor even to my drunk palate. Sorry, me thinks not.I found this place to be your average run-of-the-mill, pizza-by-the-slice, hole-in-the-wall type places with a shabby seating area to stuff your face with decent pizza, and then move swiftly onto more FQ debauchery.Ordered pizza no cheese. They called and confirmed no cheese. We still Got a pizza with cheese. Manager argued with us on the phone. No help in fixing the incorrect order. Very Poor customer service.Vieux Carre was recommended by a couple we met in the Quarter. We found it on Bourbon and decided to take one back to the house.
We found the pizza to be large, expensive and 'ok' . Limited selection and typical busy Bourbon St business.
Not sure that I'd go back, but, it did the job for what we wantedIt was a late night and looking for a some snacks. Looked them up and they have free delivery. Ordered from yelp and got some chicken wings. Delivery time was decent and the wings were still hot. Its a go to place for us now the next time we need a lat snack or get something delivered!This is THE best pizza you're going to find near Bourbon. You can spend $5-$6 (including tip) on a slice of either cheese or pepperoni and not instantly regret that financial decision, unlike pizza from the other establishments that line the street.
I will spend extra time blotting the grease off a slice of pizza if you can get me excited about your sauce. There's a certain way that good pizzerias flavor their sauce, and Vieux Carre knows the formula. They create and combine it with quality ingredients and serve it with prompt service, distinguishing them from the competition. I'll definitely be back.I can't stop eating this pizza. Every night for an ENTIRE WEEK I have purchased two slices to eat before I pass out. Irresistibly delicious!My wife and I are huge pizza fans. Vieux Carre Pizza is definitely a go to stop when in town! I highly recommend this place if your looking for scrumptious slice of pizza.Ok, maybe these reviewers are right.  This is one of the few places that will deliver late night and you and I both know, EVERYTHING TASTES AWESOME AFTER 1AM!!!! Hahahahaha  Yeah, the pizza was thick and doughy.  Yeah, it was luke warm.  But duuuude, it was da bomb!!!! Lollllll  I ordered 1/2 bourbon & 1/2 jalapeño.  I got a heart burn at 5am but it was worth every bite jesus christ.  I'd do it again and again and again!!!! BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAThe pizza was delicious, but I was a little disappointed with the delivery timing. We ordered on New Year's Eve from the Courtyard by Marriott at 12:40am (New Year's day, really), and we had an estimated delivery time of 1:58am. After a few calls to check on status, the pizza was finally delivered at 3am, and it was cold. Probably because it was delivered by bicycle.Ok, I should give this review some context: this place is located in the middle of everything in the Quarter right off of Bourbon Street- so it definitely caters to the drinking- "Oh my God, I want some pizza right now!" crowd.  Thus, the expectations about the quality of the pizza probably aren't very high.  With that said, the pizza is actually pretty damn good!  I will say that I may have been one of the people I mentioned above, but I actually am fairly picky about my pizza- and this place delivered (pun intended!).  I will say that the wait was pretty long, and we ended up buying an entire pizza with the cost by slice- which was really expensive.  I would have wished for a faster wait time, particularly because traffic and turnover is so high.  Otherwise, I would stop in here again.Out of all the pizza places downtown on Bourbon, the best fresh pizza and it is cheaper than the crappy daiquiri places. Any local would recommend this place for a late night slice.We went here because of the reviews on Yelp... we weren't impressed... we bought one slice and quickly ate it because the place was so dirty where we were supposed to sit and eat.
The pizza was nothing special. 
We will not go back.It was early morning around 3am and my typical drunk self needed food. I wanted something quick and good, pizza sounded like a great idea. I did not want to eat at the daiquiri spots though I wanted legit good pizza. So yelp told me to check this spot out, so we quickly headed over hoping they werent closed. Thank god they werent. There wasn't many slices left but I cant blame them they were 10mins away from closing. I got the bourbon special, I think that is what ist was called, sorry my memory was very weak at this time of day lol. But i remember it had feta on it and it was delicious. Now pizza is always good drunk but my sober brother agreed that it really is good. Infact the cabbie on the way to our hotel told us its really good one of the best around here.Pizza by the slice was yummy.  Easy experience for a festive crowd out having fun.  I would definitely recommend over the dried out wafers on offer at close by alternatives.After trying only 2 pizza joints in New Orleans, I'm convinced this is one of the best in the city. It's on Bourbon and it's open late, when and where everyone needs pizza. The dining room closes, but the counter stays open. The Bourbon special is what you want to order, trust me.BEST PIZZA IN THE CITY! Now people let's remember this is a pizza joint NOT 5 star dining!! I've eaten here for years! The pizza just gets better! I definitely recommend trying the "bourbon" anything is good but this is my favorite! And I'm a local! And I'm telling you this place is the best in New Orleans!!! I hate seeing people write weird reviews that expect 5 star dining with a 1 star budget! If your looking for a great pizza spot! This is the very best!!!Pizza was delicious! Lots of cheesy goodness....perfect for soaking up those hurricanes!Very pleased with the taste and quality of this pizza! One thing that I like about this restaurant is how it was closes late so we was able to place our order around 1:20. Free delivery was a plus too. We went ahead and ordered a three topping pizza with pineapples, black olives, and pepperoni. Was told it was going to take over an hour for delivery but it ended up coming earlier than expected, about 35 minutes. Don't expect them to come to the door of your hotel cause I was called to meet him at the lobby.
Anyways pizza was great. Fresh taste and the crust was also good too! Reminded me of papa johns. However it was a lil pricy for a medium pizza ($18 for 3 toppings) and the medium pizza looked like a large but who's complaining of more pizza. Overall pleased with the experience.Zero stars. They lie about delivery times of 2 hours and sell your pizza to whomever they see first, then when you call them to inquire they blame you with another lie. No wonder you can't pay by credit cards, or else they would actually have to honor the sale they made over the phone.If you suddenly find yourself hungry past midnight on Bourbon Street, make the short trek to Vieux Carre for a slice of greasy pizza to hit the spot! This wasn't the best pizza I've ever had, but the Slice of Cheese Pizza https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=3QV5hCcS6YaewpGUuaiYgg&userid=76vIFZcC7owykCBjMfGVXg) was solid choice. It was melty and cheesy, and the crust wasn't too thick. They have slices pre-made that they heat up for you, so you're in an out in less than a couple of minutes. There is no seating here, and this is strictly a grab and go place.As a New Yorker I've definitely had my fair share of pizza by the slice and this place beat'em out! Yep, great crust perfect amount of toppings. This is not artisanal or brick oven this is just real deal pizza. I hit this place at the end of every evening. We couldn't help ourselves! D-lish!After eating practically all day, we needed something small but filling for dinner. Pizza fit the criteria. Walking on Bourbon street, I took a look at the pizza place across the street from here, saw the pizza (didn't look good), and then decided to backtrack to this place because of a hunch (checked yelp afterwards, what was I thinking?). I was right!
The pizza was actually really good, and I was not drunk. [Always a question of mine - is it good because you're drunk, or is it good because it's actually tasty? LOL] The size of the slice was pretty decent, big enough for my parents to share. There is not a lot of room to sit down inside (they're old, like mid-70s), but my parents found a small bench while I stood on the other side of the table. For what it's worth, my dad mentioned how good this pizza place was last week (went last month), and he used to own a restaurant. 
I think I paid $3.50 for a slice of meat lover's pizza. It was ready before I could put change in my pocketbook, and the guy nicely held my pizza and patiently waited. I definitely need to bookmark this place so I can remember next time I am meandering down Bourbon Street!Decent quality pizza in a nice environment. 
One of the few good pizza places in town. Location is convenient for a music evening in Frenchmen St.The BEST pizza you're gonna get in the quarter. Possibly the entire city of New Orleans. Maybe even the entire state of Louisiana.
Don't buy that trash you find on Bourbon. Get your butt over to St Louis and get in line for a slice or two of that delicious "pep" and a soft drink. If you're in town in a hotel, these guys deliver on bicycle, so do the smart thing and pick up the phone and call for delivery. An entire pizza is soooo worth it!
Even when you're NOT trashed from partying, this is STILL the best pizza around. They load you up with toppings and if they don't have what you're looking for on a slice that they already have cooked, they'll load up what they have for you with whatever you want and send it through. This ain't the cheese, toppings and sauce on a cracker kind of "pizza" that you find elsewhere, either. It's hearty, saucy pizza made with lots of goodies. I've had their wings and their philly cheese steak sammich and it's ALL good.
And the price? Can't beat it. For what it costs to get a beer at any of the bars on Bourbon, you can fill your stomach with a slice of pizza and a sprite.
Some people say this place is a "hole in the wall". Pleeez. This place USED to be a hole in the wall! You aint seen nothin! All they used to have was a door and a hallway with a shelf and stools along the right wall for people to eat and their kitchen on the left!  Lol. They expanded into the next room and opened it up into a cozy little pizza parlor where they usually play some music, have a few tv's on and flawlessly serve their hungry customers with the best pizza their hearts can provide for the city of New Orleans; and at a nice price as well!Pizza joints on or near Bourbon Street generally means disgusting, tasteless, cardboard. Fortunately for me, a local bartender steered us to Vieux Carre. This is without a doubt the BEST pizza available in the French Quarter. Very tasty crust and tasty toppings as well.This was late night pizza delivery at its finest. It was quick and hot, it tasted good, and it was all we needed after a long day out and about.They have an Alfredo sauce but just refused to make out pizza in a thin crust with an Alfredo sauce. 
Ok, calling a competitor with a higher rating that will make a pizza the way I ask.This was very good pizza. Some buds and I were in NOLA for a short time, and came here. We were told that most everyone who lives/works in the French Quarter eats here. I was not disappointed. I haven't had pizza like this in a long time and I want it again. Right amount of grease without being too greasy, same with the cheese, and a nice pillowy crust.What a great break from the traditional food of New Orleans! The city is a great collection of eateries but towards the end of our visit I was craving pizza. The food was great! Crust was thick and their salads are huge. Only downside was the lack of seating space. Thanks for having pizza there when I needed it most.This is the best pizza in the quarter... Omg. I want it everyday.. Go try it and you'll see ant want more too...The service was absolutely terrible. The cashier had a nasty attitude and didn't give a crap about customers. I heard multiple complaining about it while waiting in the restaurant. Pizza was mediocre.This pizza was excellent, dare I say one of the best I've ever had! We had the meat lovers delivered to us and it was fresh and warm! Prefect! So sad I won't be here longer to have it again!I pretty much hunt this place down every time I'm in New Orleans. They are located right at the intersection of Bourbon St. and St. Louis St. It's a small hole in the wall location. Don't plan to go and have a nice sit down pizza experience. As soon as you walk in, you walk into the line to order your food. I get the chicken pizza every time. Once the pizza is done I usually get my slice and continue exploring the French Quarter. One slice is more than enough to fill me up, but if you have a healthy appetite go for two.Pizza was a great idea , my son doesn't always want a fancy restaurant feel, so we ordered in and the Pizza was big and tasty. Chickens were also very good. We tore it up!!!The best in pizza New Orleans might have some sketchy people outside but don't worry ! It's worth it ! Make sure to get extra sauce!! Me and my brother really enjoy itIf this is the best in the quarter.... , it's not saying much. It might actually be the champ from the look of the positive reviews. As judgmental as it sounds, when the slice just doesn't look good on display, it probably won't be.
After scouring the entire quarter for signs of life in the pizza world, I actually would have bought a slice, but when cheese has tiny uniformly sized bubbles, it's a sign of chalky poor quality chain product. Yes, I judged the book by it's cover, and found a decent slice outside of the quarter.Ok, whiners. It's not NYC or Chicago style pizza. It's pizza that's better than anything else you can get near bourbon street at 3 AM. The staff is awesome and the fact that they deliver outside the quarter makes me dance with joy.
As long as you keep this in mind, you will be ok.Amazing late night pizza delivery. Hot, fresh, good, basic pepperoni. Will definitely order from them in the future. Excited to try the rest of their pizzas.Best kept secret by locals!  Cheapest pizza around bourbon....and the best!  Screw jesters when you can the 'bourbon street special" with real chicken for 4.50 a slice....plus it has a family vibe to it which is nice.  I like to eat facing the window, it reminds me of New York, which adds a little nostalgia to the place.  Most local employees are regulars there and for good reason!This is my absolute favorite pizza! If you're out in the Quarter late, it's the perfect soak-up-the-alcohol food! That being said, I've also driven to the Quarter just to get this pizza. Which is saying a lot considering trying to park is a nightmare. The Bourbon slice is my favorite but both the meat lovers and pepperoni hit the spot!A local recommended this place cheap prices for better quality and taste. So good! I was famished from all the walking and being merry on bourbon. This pizza hit the spot! Yum! I recommend  the bourbon pizza, full of pesto, cheese, and chicken.A great drunk food find and similar to the famous Austin 6th street joint, Ropolos, which is my kryptonite. I got the bourbon slice with a side of ranch of course. Fresh and hot from the oven, and the burnt tongue was worth it. If you drank too much on bourbon and need some greasy carbs to soak it up, this is the place to go.Don't expect a thin ny pizza. These are thick slices. Pretty much a better and larger dominos slice pizza would be a pin point description. Def not a bad slice, but not amazing.Only pizza anywhere near Bourbon St. worth eating. Slices are large and always fresh. They keep very little made pizza on hand, so they are constanly baking fresh ones. Ordered for delivery a few times and the wait has never been more than 45 min. Definitely skip the daquari shop crap and the Lucky Dogs for this place. Oh yeah, CASH ONLY.For sure my favorite pizza in the French quarter, it's excellent! Basically I walk from Orleans Street to St. Louis Street for this pizza that's like 3 1/2 blocks, skipping several other pizza joints doing so. Also I've seen them literally give pizza to a homeless guy just because he asked for some, that's cool.Cheap pizza and hits the spot before a few beverages on bourbon. Try the bourbon slices. Chicken pieces could be better.I can't think of any place in the US that does late night pizza better. The food is always on point and you're in and out quick. No hassle, no bs, no waiting. Just great pizza by the slice.Walked in off Bourbon St, craving some pizza. All I got was a slice of Cheese Pizza for $3.50. Best pizza everWe came here on a Saturday night after cruzin the boozin hood bourbon street. All the eateries/frozen drink stands had lines out the door! To be expected after 1:00 am. Everyone has nothing but alcohol in their system and need sustenance to break it up. 
We found this spot off a side street with a much more manageable line. We decided to give it a shot. The line moved very quickly and the pizza's were looking good as other patrons walked out. Turns out they were also still taking call in orders, even for whole pies! I guess New Orleans really doesn't sleep! Ha! 
Unbeknownst to me, I got to the cashier, ordered two slices and was told CASH ONLY! Big whomp! Luckily my sister saved the day and had enough cash on her to cover the lot of us. They have a very small dining room with high chairs and tables so there was very limited seating. Considering the time of night it was, I'm just glad it was still open. Gave us time to throw down and grub!
As for the pizza, it was delicious. I had a slice of cheese and the original bad ass, pepperoni, of course. They were both fresh. Still piping hot. Gooey melty cheese. The slices of pepperoni were curled up and singed on the edges, so slightly crispy! Just the way I like it. I was also, very hungry and very intoxicated. Does that matter? Or is all that matters is that the pizza was good? Regardless of my condition? 
Well sure it does! The was pizza good, I will give them that. Maybe a big sign over the door or in the window saying cash only would be nice. They had shakers of oregano but no red pepper flakes or parmesan cheese. That I'ma dock them some stars for that. But yes, good pizza. My sister ordered a slice of the Bourbon which she said was amazing! So you may try that one too!Placed order while staying a Sheraton. It said 45 minutes for pick up. Went to restaurant 10 minutes after placing order. It was one minute from exiting the oven. Great service. And, the pizza was an excellent 10pm meal.YOU KNOW WHAT? This was pretty darn good pizza. Very cheesy. I liked that. Also, delivered on bicycle all the way to the CBD. I'd order again, it was fast to boot. Did the job, for sure. Thanks guys!It's ok but I have to be honest Crescent City Pizza down the street is better l, don't get me wrong this place is good but something was missing.This review is based solely on the quality of the pizza by the slice. Anyways, the pizza is definitely 2, maybe 2.5 stars. It tasted like it had been sitting in the warmer for 24 hours before it was served to us. The prices are reasonable if the pizza was actually decent; which unfortunately it is not. I know its the French Quarter, but unless you're hammered drunk, i think you'll find it pretty disappointing.Don't waste your time buying pizza slices any where else. This is the spot for a late night stop. Pizza is hot, fresh and reasonably priced. The staff is friendly and welcoming!The best slice I've had in a long time! Perfect chaser to the Hurricane in the French Quarter. Crust was fluffy and tasty and sauce ample and delicious.Had this delivered while staying in the Quarter one night. Pretty good pizza, but nothing to write home about. Prices are fair though, and they deliver (quickly). I'm something of a self proclaimed pizza connoisseur, and Vieux Carre was average at best. It served it's purpose though.I ordered delivery at 11:30 pm and was quoted an 45 min via online ordering. At 12:30 I called because I did not receive the food. The man with a heavy Spanish accent said that the food just left and on its way. At 1am I called again and asked to cancel the order and have my cc refunded. The same man as earlier hung up on me. I called back and he hung up on me again. This is a horrible way to do business. Unprofessional and the worst customer service. I called Amex and cancelled the transaction.Doesn't look very clean but the pizza was good. Perfect when you are drinking all day on bourbon and need a quick bite to eat.BEST DAMN PIZZA IN THE WORLD! Me and my friends go here every friday and saturday just to eat pizza! I would recommend Bourbon flavor pizza since its for me, BY FAR THE BEST. The staff is always so welcoming as well!. Love this placeI came here looking for wings and I'm so glad I did!! The wings dipped in teriyaki sauce are to die for and seasoned fries (I asked for the fries to be made this way)
If you have a chance to come out here to visit, party or whatever don't forget to stop, awesome food!!Good pizza! Ordered the supreme delivered to the room. It came quickly and food was warm, they even called ahead to have us meet them in hotel lobby. Be sure to ask for napkins and plates/utensils!All three nights we were in NOLA ended here...fresh, delicious pizza right off of Bourbon St, what's not to love?The pizza is so delicious I love this place whenever I am in the French quarter I have to stop and get a slice it's always hot and freshLmfao this is really my favorite pizza joint .
My coworker brought me here in March and we used to make it a thing to eat here every Sunday night after work. When she quit workin with me I stopped coming but then I realized I had to come back again!
I LOVE VIEUX CARRE!!! I almost forgot how good they were till I went with another coworker after work. I love how fulfilling the pizza slices are, and I love how tasty it is. For me most to go pizza has plastic rubbery cheese and very little cheap tomato sauce. Vieux Carre though? They have just enough cheese that actually melts down and have texture! They actually have tomato sauce I can taste! They aren't cheap with their toppings either! Everytime I get their vegetarian pizza I always get so much veggies that they fell out !!! I LOVE THAT THEY ARENT CHEAP With toppings. 4 or 5 dollars for a slice of pizza? Was it worth the money? At first I thought no but after I had other pizza from other store I definitely think it's worth it. When you compare the food prices of French Quarter food Vieux Carre is definitely cheaper and more affordable.
The pizza slices are so cheap and affordable to me - and I can't wait to order a whole pizza from them!
On top of the affordable prices, I found out that the business is Palestinian owned! I was really happy to know that my money was going to a marginalized minority that is facing genocide/oppression. 
Honestly most people think pizza that sits under the heat tastes bad but boy are they wrong! The guy working the register made a new vegetarian pizza for me and it only took 7 minutes. I ran out to go to work and was eating my pizza when I realized..... it tastes better when it's in the heat because the veggies and cheese absorbs each other flavor and change textures of each other.
I recommend this to folks to try!!!
P.S.
All of their employees are cute and they'll win your heartExcellent pizza, tasted great and baked fresh. It doesn't look like a great fancy place when you walk in but do NOT let the appearance stop you from eating here. You will be reminded of New York City Pizza. Very highly recommended.Got a late night delivery from them. Took a little longer than expected but the food was warm when we got it. The pizza was great on taste and the crust was excellent and we'll done! We got garlic bread which was really tasty as well and actually tasted like garlic and not just all butter. Overall we were impressed! The quantity is good for the price and delivery is free!People, let me tell you about my first love...
i have never, NEVER, had pizza this good before. It is my friends and I's go to spot after a drunken or clubbing night in NOLA. My first time on bourbon, starving, and everything looked so sketch around us but this place. The crust is light and fluffy, and the sauce is i'm sure out of a can but they must be adding their seasonings to make it taste better. If you go, you have to try the bourbon. The price is PERFECT, the slices are moderately sized so you get full off of one but my eyes are so much bigger than my gut that I always order two and save have of the other one for later. If you're looking for fancy and good, go to Reginelli's. If you're looking for amazing and cheap GO TO VIEUX CARRE!Tasted like Pizza Hut nothing really special. I guess I had high expectations from the reviews. My sweetie loves Pizza Hut so he enjoyed it very much. There was too much bread and crust for my liking.Good pizza, great location, friendly service... FYI cash only at least during Mardi GrasBest place to go for that late night snack after a night out!! Service is great and quick and the pizza is delicious! Average is 15-20min
We had the veggie and hawaiian and both were really good. Best part is that they serve all types by the slice and it's fresh!Co-workers and I, after a bit of debauchery had stumbled upon this pizza place. It's open late, which is convenient. After a night of drinking, it's a nice spot to grab a couple of slices.I wish I could give this place 0 stars but unfortunately that's not an option. We had an order for delivery and thought the pizza would be decent because the pictures. Sooooo wrong this tasted like chucky cheese and after an hour we finally received our delivery at the hotel to discover it was the wrong order (btw they won't care)  cheese tastes like plastic. Wings are ok but they have no sauce so make sure to order extra. Management is rude literally eat at any other pizza place.... Aaaaany.  I wish I would have just gotten dominos even though they suck they don't suck as hard as this place.Easily my new favorite pizza place! Everything was just so tasty. The pizza is still yummy when you're sober too. Too bad they don't open until 4p on Fridays, I really wanted to take some to the airport with me! lol.Great pizza. And that's something coming from a native Chicagoan. Open late and reasonable prices. Perfect snack after a late night of drinking. I highly recommend the pepperoni pizza.On new years eve we were walking on bourbon passing by drink shops selling their cardboard looking pizza and hot dog stands with $6 hotdogs we turned down this street to walk to Decatur and I spotted a man in the window cutting cheese blocks and I saw their pizza which look scrumptious and I think it was faith that we met! It was cheap and really good. I live in Metairie/ Kenner area and I think I would make that drive just for the pizza.
Just went today 1/7 still just as good and the line was long.Bartender at Razoo recommended this pizza place. A little hole in the wall, pizza could be a little cheesier but my husband loved the crunchiness and I loved the fact that I didn't have to wipe any excess grease off.They deliver pretty much until 3-4:00 am. My pizza was the perfect temp and just what I needed at 1:30 in the morning.Love love love!! Best pizza place in Nola!! We went here 4 nights...yes 4!! For late night food!!As we waiting in line a lady that was a local of NOLA told us that was the best pizza around. I had the chicken and spinach pizza, was only $4 the slice were costco slices and big chunks of chicken, oh my was it good! one of the best pizzas i HAVE EVER HAD!Great pizza that's freshly made,  unlike many of the daiquiri joints on Bourbon st (I swear some of that stuff makes you long for a frozen Tombstone pizza). The line is out the door sometimes,  and you may have to sit on the curb and eat,  but you won't be disappointed by their pizza.I really wanted to try their food. The gentleman on the phone was so polite, I was calling about delivery... Which they do. What only made me give 3 stars is because they don't except debit. Which is such a bummer. Oh well, I'll try again.decent pizza for a random selection.  Not the biggest fan of the you pick your slice and we reheat it Faux New York style pizza.  It never comes out as the best pizza.  But, this place was good and decent and honestly did the trick for a late night in NOLA after some drinking!  I wouldn't suggest this if you have choice but, it wasn't the worst pizza so I feel pretty neutral on it.  Not great not bad just A-Ok!Large thick slices.. on point! Ate twice during my stay, it's that good lol. Worth ruining my shirt over... Deliciousness!The only pizza in NOLA!!! Open late night, very small, a pizza must! When I'm not in New Orleans I miss this place their pizza is grate the guys at work they're very friendly don't let the look scare you away!Not feeling it.  Maybe if you were SUPER drunk.  Too thick crust.  Mediocre sauce and cheese.  Maybe it's the best of Bourbon street, but that's not saying anything at all.  Avoid unless you have no other options.Amazing pizza and staff is super friendly. We will definitely coming back !!great midnight snack !The family was hungry after rolling in and needed a quick bite before hitting the bed. Quickly fed the four of us for under 20 bucks and everone was satisfied without being full. It is nothing fancy, just a quick local slice and a beverage. It was nice having them close by.If you like cheap and soggy pizza that's devoid of flavor or you are wasted and can't taste anything,  then this is your place. 
The garbage slices sit in a warmer, they don't put it in the oven when you order it, just hand you a soggy slice and send you on your way. 
The crust appears to be the cheapest junk known to man,  the sauce is right out of a can and the toppings are meager and bland. 
I gave them 2 stars because the location is great and they stay open late. So you can have some solids to vomit when you get home.Pizza is really good! I discovered this place while walking on bourbon street and it was so worth it. It's open late and very reasonably priced. I've eaten here 3 nights in a row. I wouldn't recommend any other pizza place in NOLA.Delivered a huge pizza for $20 at 3am in the morning. You get 5 stars for that. Overall pizza was good. Street style but with thicker crust. I would recommend for late night delivery but be prepared to wait a good 45 mins for delivery at this time of night.My go to pizza place in NOLA. Yummy pizza that is fresh and super nice guys that work there. What more can a girl ask for after 1 am... Not much around here:) give them a try if you haven't. Lots of places can "warm up" a frozen pizza. This place will not disappoint you. Trust me I have been disappointed by many:(This is my favorite place for delivery, pick up or sending a barback to grab me some food while I'm hustling at work on bourbon at strange hours. Their chicken tenders are ALWAYS cooked to order, so they're steaming fresh. The pizza is pretty good too and can be bought by the slice for $3.00-$4.00. They even deliver to my house which is way across and just outside the quarter. The "Franks Hot" sauce literally keeps me coming back for those tenders every day and I don't even like sauce! Basically, can't go wrong here. Super reasonably priced, fresh as can be, friendly workers, they've literally become the only late night place in the quarter I eat at now! Also the only place I send customers to that I meet at work.Pizza isn't something I would have every thought to order in NO but being in need of comfort food and the packed crazy bars and restaurants during Superbowl we opted for pizza from Vieux Carre Pizza. Boy did it hit the spot. You can buy it by the slice or a whole pie, we had the meat lovers. Not a lot of choices, I believe it was only 4: cheese, pepperoni, meat lovers and a chicken pesto but if craving a slice get it here. Funny thing we did go back for a slice and ate it on the streets and that piece was even better; cheesier, greasier and just plain yummy. Not an atmosphere place, pretty small. Get in line, grab a napkin and be prepared to take it to go on your paper plate.Everytime I come to New Orleans, I ALWAYS drop by to get a slice. The pizza is ALWAYS FRESH and flavor filled. The pepperoni and the meats are my favorite! I'd definitely come back again!This place was exactly what I needed. I was in search of a pizza place walking distance from our hotel which was open on Christmas Eve. The pizza wasn't the greatest ever but it certainly wasn't bad. The service was incredibly quick. Our order was ready in 10 minutes.The pizza just isn't very good, disappointingly inauthentic. Frozen, mass produced and just not good. To be fair if you are drunk and hungry then you'll like it and it will do the job but it's on par with papa johns or something like that, it's not real pizzaVisiting New Orleans for the first time and had a craving for some pizza. There were decent reviews so I decided to give it a shot. So incredibly disappointed. No flavor at all, and was lukewarm even though it was delivered close by. Cheese bread was expensive for no reason and flavorless as well. Big waste of money.This place ROCKS!! Best $3 a slice pizza around. I would stumble into my hotel at all hours and could always count on being deliciously satiated with a Vieux carre slice of Pizza.
Do mot miss this place. I'm a New Yorker so I know pizza.Plain cheese pizza is a bit salty, but very rich and i would recomend, fast free deliveryIf you are in the Quarter and want a  quality slice of pizza, Vieux Carre is probably your best choice. The service is quick and the price is cheap. It's not the best pizza in NOLA, but it does the job and is pretty good. It's also lightyears ahead of the pizza/daiquiri shops that are twice as expensive on Bourbon.Maybe it is because I'm spoiled in the Bay Area by great pizza (like Golden Boy in North Beach aka little Italy or Cheeseboard in Berkeley, or Boot N Shoe in Oakland, or maybe I came here and just wasn't drunk enough.....
The pizza was doughy, cold, and just very average. Nothing special I'm afraid.... it was so disappointing. We ate it because we were starving and it had 4 stars on Yelp. The restaurant was also very dirty and tables and floors sticky inside. I had Hawiian, my wife meat something. We didn't finish our slices, and left for better food.Love this pizza.... OMG it's the best in Nola... Go and have some , the only thing is the guy's that work there can't really understand you that well but the pizza is sooooooooo good ... Oh and they are gay friendly too....Vieux Carre Pizza is the best pizza spot in the Quarter. Their pizza is delicious and reasonably priced, the delivery guys are speedy and polite, and they're open late. Their wings are very good too.Overall not a bad pizza, little greasy but overall taste was good crust was good. Nothing too special but the price was good.The cashier was a complete jerk to several people in a row including our group. 
Cash only. Seriously? It's 2014.
Pizza is decent. Nothing awe-inspiring...not worthy of the current 4 stars on yelp.So I figured it out... people in Louisiana hate pizza. I asked locals and they all said the same thing - F*** Pizza - and it shows. The pizza slices on bourbon are terrible - I was very happy late night to find this place, just on a side street - I can't imagine how all those pizza/daiquiri shops stay open! The pizza is awful and those sugary monstrosities are even worse! 
But I digress - this place offers a nice slice - I mean, not amazing, but hungry late night and don't want a hot dog? Here is your spot! (But then again, I am sure there are plenty of 24 hour kitchens in NO that are even better for late night grub)I also ordered from this joint based on its Yelp reviews...to be honest, I can't believe this place has 4 stars. While I was thankful for the late night delivery, I would have been better off foregoing the pizza. It was cold, doughy and not very good.Everyone gets drunk in the French Quarter.  And if they're not, they still get hungry.  There are a  lot of pizza places that you could go to, but you really need to have some sort of discerning taste. 
Even if you have killed your tastebuds with grenades or hurricanes or the purple grimace of all daiquiris, you still need to have good pizza.  It's a privilege and your right as an American, or tourist in our great environs.
Most bars will let you bring in an entire pie if you'd like, but be sure to offer to share with your bartenders.  There's something about hanging out on a balcony with a huge slice and an icy cold refreshment.  Of course, they'll send out their little bike delivery guy too, if you're staying close by.  
So, whether it's at home, or when you're out and about, honor your taste buds.  Give me Vieux Carre or give me death!Here on vacation.. cold and rainy.. didn't want to get the little one out.. delivered on time and really good pizza!!I recently ordered a delivery from Vieux Carre Pizza. After waiting the estimated delivery time, the driver failed to deliver the order. I even confirmed the hotel room number prior to delivery. I did not receive any phone calls. Their service is unacceptable. I called them telling them I wanted refund and the restaurant said to contact Eat24. Don't waste your time on this placeWe ordered delivery after getting in town late. It took over an hour and a half and that was AFTER having to call and remind them of our order. The food was hot when it arrived but it wasn't that good. Not that impressed but we ate it because we were starving after driving 12 hours.Not so impressed by the pizza. I went based on the Yelp reviews and tried slices of the chicken pesto and the pepperoni. The pepperoni had obviously sat for a while because it tasted dried out from the heat lamps. The chicken pesto was better, but nothing special for $4.50 a slice. The crust is nice and thick (if you like it that way), but the sauce and toppings did not do much for me.  I could see this being a decent place for a late night trip back from the bars, but I would not make it a destination.