My husband and I just had dinner at Vincent's tonight, and we both had a great experience there. Our food was excellent, and the wait staff was very attentive. It seemed like our waiter was keeping an eye on us as we ate our soup and salad so he could bring out the entrees in a timely manner after we were finished, which was a nice touch. We finished our meal with couple coffees and a slice of tiramisu, which was the most divine tiramisu I've ever had! Seriously, if you've still got room after dinner, get a slice. You won't be disappointed! Side note: be sure to get a reservation; it's a busy restaurant at dinner time.Absolutely delicious Italian place. I'm a pretty picky person to please but I'm glad I tried this one out. I had the meatball appetizer, veal parmegiana, and chicken parmagiana. Everything was incredible but I know this is weird but my favorite was the blue cheese vinaigrette dressing on the side salad from those entree. I'm definitely 100% coming back.We made a reservation for 6 here after my fiancé's hooding ceremony for his master's in finance. It was the first time our families were meeting each other, so naturally we wanted to go to our favorite Italian restaurant. We have been frequenting Vincent's for years, he has been eating here since he was a child. Our waiter off the bat seemed very standoffish, but not outwardly rude. I ignored it. Our food was impeccable, as always, but one of the drinks for the table didn't arrive until we had reminded our waiter twice. The bill came, we of course tipped 20% as I'm in the service industry while in my medical school application process and would never stiff on a tip. That's when things took a turn for the worse. Apparently we had overstayed our welcome despite only being seated for an hour and 15 minutes for a party of 6. I got up to use the restroom and heard our waiter tell a group of people waiting to be seated that "the family at your table just refuses to leave." After I returned to the table, our waiter took all of our water and wine glasses off the table, despite people still drinking from them! We were waiting on our Uber to arrive to take my parents back to their hotel and to take my fiancé and I home. It was storming outside, so not really an option to wait outside in the rain. I guess that's what they would have preferred! Our Uber only took 18 minutes to arrive from the time we signed the check. Terrible service. Completely rude. We called Vincent, a family friend of my fiancé's, immediately after leaving. Our waiter had absolutely no class and the manager did not seem to care either.Old school Italian joint.  Excellent service. Great wine list.  Thankfully we did not get an appetizer as It's a lot of food!  The blue cheese dressing was different than the typical creamy variety which was delicious.  We had: chicken Marsala and eggplant parm (not squishy as often the case).  The Freshly piped cannoli for dessert was crunchy and perfect.  In the sea of corporate owned chains and over priced high profile "celebrity" chefs/dinners I prefer to dine at restaurants like this!At the risk of screwing myself out of ever being able to get a reservation here, this is possibly the best restaurant in the city. Seriously. I highly recommend the cannelloni, eat ALL of the cream around it, the little breads they keep bringing out which are hot and crusty, the paneed veal beat so thin it's like a piece of paper, the by the glass wine list which has some really really good wines, and the service which is really spot on perfect. The oyster pasta was absolute perfection. It's true Italian at its finest.Went at lunch time.
High priced for lunch. Extremely slow service. Try someplace else for Italian food in New Orleans.
Excellent tasty food but small servings (like Paris, France)
Medallions (egg plant with sea food filling) great.
Blackened red fish, tasty.
Won't go back..Omg!  This place is adorable and charming and service is great.  Chloe our server was no nice and informative and gave excellent service.  Stuffed chicken and shrimp fettuccine were fantastic! I'm visiting from California, but I'd I lived near by I'd be a regular.  Love this place!Took awhile to get a seat, but we did not put in a reservation and had an odd sized party. There were plenty of tables available, but they set one up for our group as quickly as possible. The waiter (Dago) was very knowledgeable and the food was incredible. Friends were in from France and California; everyone was pleased!Wasn't blown away, especially having read these glowing reviews of Vincent's.  Food was average, service was slightly below average.  I'm willing to bet our table was given second rate service because of our age bracket (18-24).  And nothing upsets me more than not being treated equally because of my age.DO NOT GO HERE ON A HOLIDAY.  The food was precooked and dried out.  You will get a good meal during the week.  Sure didn't help that the manager put friends at a table before several parties who were there first.  BUT like I said before, you will get a good meal during the week.As my wife commented during the meal, this is a nice neighborhood restaurant, and indeed Vincent's is that. And, it has all that you would want from such a place - good food, relaxing environment, friendly, good prices, generous prices and such. I had the house special, cannelloni, and enjoyed it. Wife had the spaghetti and meatballs, for dinner and with enough for leftovers. Recommended.One of my best meals EVER in New Orleans was the Seafood Medallions I had at Vincent's Italian Cuisine last night. Although the meal is offered with breaded veal as an off-menu selection, I opted for the breaded eggplant version that is on the menu. 
PROS: Vincent's did not skimp on anything in preparing this meal. First, it comes with a medium-large salad that made for a great start. The entree itself was a large plate with two or three large pieces of eggplant, topped with a lump crabmeat and crawfish cream sauce. Like all other entrees, the main dish is accompanied by freshly-baked bread and a separate plate of Italian vegetables and pasta, in this case, steamed broccoli with what might be a cheesy breaded topping (not sure what, but delicious) and a small portion of penne pasta alfredo. I ate about half of the entree and vegetables and all of the pasta, and took the rest home. Walking to my car, I could smell the wonderful seafood in the sauce. When I took it out of the refrigerator to heat it up earlier today, I got another whiff of that heavenly scent! The half that I brought home was more than enough for my Sunday dinner. 
CONS: I'll never try anything else at Vincent's because this meal was so perfect! 
(And - a minor point -  I'd prefer plain butter, not garlic butter, for the bread.)I don't know how I went my whole life living in New Orleans without eating at Vincent's! The restaurant itself is perfect for a date night, and the food is incredible! I felt like we were in a scene from The Godfather! Michael was our server, and he was excellent! I didn't catch the Host's name, but he was great, too! If you don't make reservations, make sure you get there fairly early so you don't have to wait. We got there around 6:30 and were seated within 5 minutes of them being booked up on reservations for the night. Can't wait to go back!Fantastic little restaurant off of St. Charles.
Wasn't a fan of their calamari, but the house salad was decent and the house chicken soup was very good. We shared the Fettuccini Alfredo and Veal Parmigiana, both were extremely well cooked with incredible taste! To wrap up the night, we shared a hearty cannoli that was well worth it!
Don't go in without a reservation :$, or if you do expect to wait in a small crowded restaurant.
The staff was great! The owner Tony was around and greeted us. Certainly a nice dinning experience. :DBest Italian food in Louisiana. Tony runs a tight shop and it shows in the professionalism and efficiency of his staff.  Great atmosphere and authentic Italian cuisine. Will be going back very soonI took my wife here for her 30th birthday and she love it brought tears to her eyes I love this place.This place is a hidden gem in the garden district of New Orleans. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The seafood medallions are to die for. The best meal I have had in New Orleans so far. You will not regret coming here!!Omg!!! This was the perfect place to end a perfect weekend trip to NOLA. We arrived on Sunday at 6:30pm and the place was packed!! We did not have a reservation and upon. Entering I wasn't quite sure where to go to put our name in. I was greeted by a nice fellow who simply asked "how many?". I replied and he said "ok I'll get you in as soon as possible. I replied, "do you need my name"?  He said, "no I gotchu".  Fast forward 45 minutes and many people being sat before us he comes to me and says that he is ready for us.  I thought he forgot about us.
So he sits us right next to the front door at a small table amid all the business of the restaurant and people coming and going.  A news article on the wall explains that this seat is the "best in the house".  They weren't wrong.. besides everyone calling me "baby" instead of sir, the food blew me away!!!! So flavorful and exciting!! I over ate and wanted to go back the next day.... 
I recommend this place to everyone!!
Oh and the trolly goes right in front of the restaurant so it gives it that nice 40's- vibeLove love love... one of my all time fav places to eat. The atmosphere alone is amazing, throw in great food and it's simply the best!What a great choice this was. Such great service. It's about 2 blocks from the end of the St Charles trolley line. The food is incredible. The corn crab bisque was delicious served in its own brioche-like bread bowl. I had eggplant parm which was fresh and perfected made. Not overpowered by cheese at all. My friends each ordered the lasagne which was a mistake only because it was a huge serving and easily could be shared by two moderate eaters or 3 light eaters!!  It was very good. If you are here for several days make sure you stop by. They have a lot of choices and should accommodate most palates.Intimate, comforting, delectable - just a few words to describe my experiences here. Some of the best Italian food you will ever eat is an understatement. The menu is large, the specials are interesting, and the desserts are sinful. I have been here a few times - all for dinner - and each one as good as the previous. It's always busy, even on weekdays, so plan to spend a couple hours savoring fine cuisine and choice wine on the beautiful St. Charles Ave. 
     I recommend the seafood medallions, the pepper jelly duck, and the lasagna (classic). But anything you pick will be a winner.
Overall: 4.6 / AThe dinner was great and the staff was really friendly. Definitely recommend the pastas and veal!A chilly November night in NOLA and I was craving comfort food. As someone who was raised on my mother's homemade sauce and meatballs, for me comfort food always = ITALIAN. 
I'd heard good things about Vincent's, so the boyfriend and I bundled up and headed over. It turned out to be the best decision I've made all week. Vincents hit every bullet point on my "Italian restaurant" checklist: 
- Dim lighting, walls decorated with wine bottles and the occasional cheesy italian knick-knack, and a flickering candle on each table -- not to mention a big old container of breadsticks!! Warm, inviting, homey. (Check!) 
- Sinatra and Deano playing through the speakers (Check!) 
- A big menu of all the traditional Italian entrees, plus more (Check!) I ordered the chicken parm, which arrived cheesy and delicious. The BF ordered a T-bone, which basically looked like the slab of meat that Fred Flintstone orders and which subsequently tips his car over. Also fabulously delicious and served with brussel sprouts and polenta. YUM. 
- And for dessert.... a DELICIOUS cannoli --- ricotta inside a fresh flaky shell. The BF got an equally great tiramisu. (Check!) 
In summation, from the decor to the menu, to the food quality, Vincents is exactly what a classic italian restaurant should be. It's not taking any risks, and thats completely fine with me!
Also, big high fives to our server, Brian, who gave us FANTASTIC service from start to finish. I'm one of those annoying people who orders coffee right out of the gate and drinks cup after cup, and Brian never missed a refill. Our orders were taken promptly, food arrived perfectly spaced out and hot. He managed to always be right there if we needed something, without hovering over us. THANK YOU BRIAN! 
In conclusion, I fully anticipate going up a dress size or two this winter, because I'm definitely going to become a regular customer at Vincents!Was very disappointed with our meals. My Veal Roberto was very overcooked and my husbands eggplant dish was burnt, also our side of pasta consisted of about 6 zit's covered in a cheese sauce, what was that. I was born and raised Italian and have never had such poor quality Italian food in my life. If you're looking for good Italian food seek somewhere else. Also bad service not attentive at all.Let's just say make sure you order something you will definitely like or know is good otherwise, tough!they have no sympathy for them making a bad dish. Didn't offer to discount or change out or a dessert. What a shame they had potential for a great review.  I even let them throw my dish out which I don't ever do. That dish was the veal Roberto. Sauce was slightly too brown sugary it seemed and the veal was tasteless and mushy. If that is how that dish is supposed to be then I'm sorry I was unaware. 
As for the rest which was actually really good. The stuffed mushrooms were fantastic. The bisque was buttery corn goodness and the eggplant sticks were great. The spaghetti was good but still doesn't beat Fausto's. So far no one does for spaghetti and meatballs and I've been around. The bread and whipped butter also tasty. So good food if you order the right thing but don't expect any kind gestures if they serve you something disgusting or not cooked right. Oh and the Chianti I enjoyed as well.The most amazing Italian food I have ever had ! Fabulous drinks , and fantastic servers . Definitely recommend!Love Vincent's and have been there many times, although I'm from San Antonio, TX.  Not only is the food delicious, well seasoned, plated in generous portions, the service is outstanding. This is how waitpersons should be taught to serve! They will not allow your water nor iced tea to become empty. Breadsticks are on the table along with deliciously garlicky whipped butter.  We had a salad which we requested to share - they divided it in the kitchen onto seperate plates! Stuffed mirliton was succulent and tasty -- crammed with shrimp and crabmeat! Too bad we could not eat dessert, but we were so full! Give Vincent's a try --- my only complaint is the lack of space, about which they can do nothing, and the poor parking which is kind of a standard thing in New Orleans!The heart of Sicily and the shrimp and crab parma was great! Bread was not impressive at all and the house dressing oe the salads had no flavor. It was pricey and really not worth what we paid. Very nice staff though.The atmosphere of this restaurant makes it the perfect romantic date. Its located in the center of New Orleans so you can leave your car in a parking lot, walk around, explore the city, and then settle down with a nice meal. The restaurant itself is cozy, dimly lit and has a professional staff. 
I had the corn and crab bisque in a bread bowl. Heavenly! The soup was creamy and flavorful.The first time I went to VIncent's it was out-of-the-world amazing. I loved the shrimp pasta in white sauce and my date had an off-menu dish recommended by the waiter. (By the way, this is a great date spot).
Since that night, I've gone back twice. It's been really really good, but can't replicate that night.This is a great gem! Off the beaten path in New Orleans, about a $13 cab ride from French Quarter. The crab/corn chowder is seriously amazing-don't skip it! My husband ordered the canneloni; he was impressed and really enjoyed it. I had the veal in portabella sauce-it was outstanding. The portions are good size. The bread isn't very good (sesame), that was our only complaint. We love cajun/creole but were looking for a break during our Nola visit. If we're ever back, we will definitely visit Vincent's!We rolled in for lunch and was greeted with smiles and a nice table. We had been on the trolley just site seeing and had been told to try this place, it didn't disappoint. I had the chicken carbonara and it was phenomenal! They started us with warm bread and a nice wine. My Caesar salad was very good, but my entree was definitely worth stopping by. I ended my meal with an awesome bread pudding and a nice port. The service was above average and very personable. When I come back to Nola, I'll stop by again!If I could give this restaurant less than one star, I would. As someone who works at a restaurant, I can recognize terrible service. Don't waste your time making a reservation, because they won't honor it. They lost our reservation, and we had to wait 30 minutes to sit. We barely saw our server. She only checked on us once. There was a hair in my boyfriend's food. The food was average and overpriced. The restaurant was way too small and definitely a fire hazard. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone.Wonderful food! I had the cannelloni and it was absolutely magnificent!  The combined white and red sauces, and cheeses...best I've ever had and just now getting to dessert!  Lovely atmosphere also.I think best in the city. Others may do some individual things better but overall I think they do a great job. Never had a bad meal at Vincents. I think St Charles is better than Metairie.Love this place. Great service, amazing food. This is a real gem. When my friends visit from out of town I love to bring them to this restaurant. 
Best crab and corn bisque. Also love the crab cakes....I'm getting hungry thinking about it. 
We are becoming regulars there.What this place lacks in overall room it more than makes up for in ambience, service, and food quality. It's old school dining at its best. If that type of thing is not important to you then I suggest you go somewhere else. Everyone working at Vincent's is friendly and our waiter, Steven, did a wonderful job taking care of us. Yes, it can be cramped (it's not really for kids or claustrophobics) and not having a reservation on the weekend can mean having to deal with a wait, but this place is worth it. Every part of our meal was exceptional, from the Italian salad, the entree of veal, and the wonderful house-made tiramisu for dessert. Even the cappuccino was great and came with a delicious almond cookie. Top notch all around. Great date night place.I had the chicken parmesan to go. The taste was awesome but the to go portions are so much smaller than the dining in portions. Hopefully next time I'll get a bigger portion or order extra.A local Italian joint. Friendly staff and outstanding food! My husband and I were both disappointed we stumbled on this restaurant the last night we were visiting because we would have gone to eat there more than once. The corn chowder soup is excellent and there are no words to describe how amazing the cannelloni is!The food was overall up to standard, especially since an average entrée is around $25-$35.  I can see the attempt to provide great service but they get chaotic once it's busy.  Our server forget to give us the menu; so after waiting for a while we just grab the menu from the table next to us; then he got our wine order wrong. Also, I feel cheated because our bill was $76, which I wrote down $80-even and give extra cash tips on the side but somehow my bank statement was charge for $90 dollars. 
Overall, it was a decent experience because my girlfriend made my night, but I'm not very sure if we'll return or recommend this restaurant to our friends.  We did not try to solve the bank statement issue because $10 overcharge is not worth our time.  We'll consider it gratuity as tourists to NOLA.Vincent's has been a favorite since we "accidently" found it 20 years ago, under previous owners. 
Revisited two weeks ago, Wife, I, & Tulane student granddaughter from Folrida.
Vincent's is crowded, packed, full of local savants.  For good reason.  We had drinks, canneloni, salads, wonderful crab, shrimp, etc casserole, more drinks;  all very satisfied; tab around $100 + tip.   Very reasonable considering the excellent quality of Vincent's Gulf Coast-meets-Little Italy creations.
This is one of the very best of our many "Italian Creole" eateries here.   Any restaurant this continuously packed with locals has to be  great.  No parking, some waits, crowded bar & tables; mucho worth it !The food is full flavored and filling, heavy Italian dishes. The service if generally good and prompt; however, 1 out of 10 times you get a newbie or someone on a bad day. I simply mentioned it to the host and it was handled. The menu is wide. The ravioli and the steaks are excellent. It is a small, crowded, low lit place. I have never had a bad experience here and I often bring people from out of town here. The location in Metairie/Kenner is just as good.Let me start by saying, as a 2nd generation Sicilian - American I am very critical of Italian restaurant food since I always compare it to my mom's and the food you get  on Arthur Ave in the Bronx or Little Italy in New York.  Having said that, I would rate Vincent's as mediocre - 3 to 3.5 stars.  I had the lasagna - which lacked the variety and depth of flavor and texture in what I think of as authentic Italian.  My wife rated her spaghetti and meatballs as good (note: she's only half Italian).....but added that those weren't my mom's meatballs!  Both of us thought the chicken soup and the salad as just ok.  On the definite plus side is the service which was great and the ambiance - great little local restaurant.  We rode the streetcar from the French Quarter - long ride but neat.Being Italian I rarely eat out in Italian restaurants. However, we thought we would give Vincent's a try.  Every bite of each new dish they brought to the table seemed better than the last and we found it quite difficult to determine which dish we liked best.  It was a festival of flavors. The service was exquisite.  We were treated like family from the moment we walked in. By the end of our meal, it occurred to us that our entire dinner occasion was about the meal.  We will definitely be back!This place looks like a dive, but it's awesome.  If you don't like waiting, go for a late lunch or early dinner.  I got this crazy, amazing dish of phyllo dough stuffed with shrimp in a crabmeat cream sauce.  It was seriously amazing.  Unparalleled!  The crab and corn bisque in a bread bowl is also really good.  You will leave stuffed, but still wanting more.
I tried the italian sausage, and it was all right, but it didn't blow me away.  Sometimes the service is less than stellar, but the food is really out of this world.A classy Italian joint. This is the kind of place that you can just as easily go on a date as you could with your family. It's dark, romantic, cozy and old school crooner tunes play softly in the background. It's pretty damn idyllic, reminds me of old school New York Italian restaurants my family would visit on special occasions with my grandparents. Think: more upscale than Venezia, more old fashioned than Domenica, and much more filled with dedicated locals than Italian Barrel. 
My family and I walked in on a cold, rainy Sunday night the week before Christmas a little before 6pm. The place was packed! Definitely make a reservation! Tony, the kind maître d, offered us the only table left in the house. It was by the door, but we took it. I'm glad we did because we got a birds eye view of everyone coming and going. Tony is true professional and handled everyone coming in as if a treasured guest. You just don't typically see that kind of service in a place that isn't extremely upscale. 
Prices are extremely fair here and comparable to most other slightly upscale Italian restaurants. I'm vegan so I stuck to the one dish I could eat, the angel hair Bordelaise, which comes with soup (chicken and vegetable, which I gave to my father) and a small salad (unexciting, but it's a dinner salad so whatever. Order the dressing on the side because these folks are generous with the olive oil). The angel hair is perfectly al dente (not an easy feat with such thin pasta) and tossed with olive oil (see above), lots of garlic and spices (fennel!) It's delicately seasoned and kind of perfect. I also ordered a side of sauteed spinach (wish I could have a main of spinach with just a little pasta on the side, but I'm weird). My parents (not easy to please when it comes to Italian food) and boyfriend loved the calamari app, so if that's your thing, get it here because that isn't so typical in New Orleans. My father couldn't stop talking about how good his chicken Marsala was. Meat dishes come with a side pasta of fettuccine alfredo with broccoli. So decadent! 
A note about healthy options (for meat eaters): my mother ordered her chicken Parm in this style and it was awesome because the chicken wasn't breaded & deep fried. Wilted spinach accompanies it rather than the extremely heavy pasta side. Perfect for her! She loved it. 
Although there isn't a ton to eat for vegans here, the vibe and service makes me want to be a regular. So I'm sure I'll be back when I need a fix of the good 'ol days!Cozy, enjoyed our evening very much. The veal dishes my husband had we're excellently prepared. Very Italian and not touristy. Also recommend you take the streetcar . Allows for you to the beautiful homes on st. Charles. A must go restaurant!The food is good, but the service was horrible.  David is the one of the RUDEST servers I have ever encountered.  He completely ruined what would have been a lovely meal.  We will NEVER go back to Vincent's.Good service even when busy. old fashioned building, creates a nice ambiance. Food is amazing, very rich. Marinara sauce a bit sweet side though. Be sure to make reservations.  The tiramisu is good as well.  Overall a very nice dining experience.OMG!!! Best Italian food I've eaten in a long time. Service was friendly and food was amazing. Will definitely visit again when in New Orleans againThe restaurant is tiny and a bit cramped, but the food....oh the food is melt-in-your mouth divine. Top notch service as well.How do I describe Vincent's.. "An Italian version of Jacques-Imo's food with a fancy flare" 
The food is good and all the rave. It will having you leave this bitch in a food coma for days...  You really cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. It's that good. 
Get the corn and crab bisque.. The lobster ravioli (how I wish they had this in an entree size!)... the "house special" (I tend to ask for the red sauce on the bottom and white drizzled on top) I found it isn't as rich and just the right amount. Dessert, get the white chocolate bread pudding. Mmmmm. 
The place gets busy and stays busy.. So please be prepared and allow yourself and company time. Call ahead if you are coming with a bigger party to reserve tables. This is also a great place for a romantic dinner.I've been coming to Vincent's since 2003, it is one of my top 5 restaurants in this city and after at least 40 visits/to go food orders I have never once had a bad experience. I've taken every friend and family member who has come to visit here and it is also now one of my family's favorite restaurants to dine at when they come in town. We've had college graduation celebrations here, birthday celebrations, new job celebrations and in college this was our Sunday, girl's night out spot. The atmosphere is cozy, warm and friendly. The food is impeccable. I consider myself a meatball connoisseur and can honestly state that Vincent's has the best meatballs I've ever tasted. I love their Italian chicken soup, it's seasoned to perfection. You can't beat the prices and you always come home with leftovers because a meal typically comes with a soup and salad. One of the things I love most about this restaurant is that it reminds me a lot of dining in Europe. When you are seated, the table is yours for the night. If you want to have a 2 hour meal, no one is ever going to rush you. So if you are looking for a place to quickly get a table and get in and out, this is not the restaurant for you. Even with a reservation you can usually expect a bit of a wait, but it's worth it. Their bar and bartenders are extremely charming. The wait staff and manager always have the best attitudes and they make you feel like family.  Vincent's, thank you for so many wonderful meals and memories. I can't wait to eat my leftovers tonight.
Sincerely,
Your Biggest FanReally Great Italian food. I was hoping for a better pasta selection and being not a big seafood fan, i felt like there menu was a little weak there. However if you are a big seafood fan you would be very pleased. 
I went for the Parmesan Encrusted Chicken which was very lightly fried and came with creamed spinach and this small side of homemade pasta with a cheese sauce which was very tasty. We also had Tiramisu for dessert and that was damn good. 
Only reason I didn't give it a 5 was cause I have better Italian on Arthur Ave in NY but that's some stiff competition. For Italian in New Orleans, definitely a 5 Star.The only place to go for authentic and consistent Italian in the city! Ambience is perfect "old school" Italian.The customer service here is superb!!!! The best hands down. Greeted right away even with it being swamped with people. We had reservations so we sat down right away. 
Started off with the bruschetta which honestly melts in your mouth at first bite. My husband had the corn and crabmeat bisque and he said it was delicious. I had the salad with the blue cheese vinagairette which is to die for!!! Omg I wanted to take a cup of that with me.
OMG the eggplant parmigiana is the most delicious thing I've ever tasted! Honestly if they could freeze pack this for me so I can take it to california Id be in heaven!!! My husband loved his veal tbone. 
This restaurant is a must and we are definitely coming back.Absolutely delicious!  I had the seafood medallions which is paneed eggplant medallions layered with lump crab meat, jumbo shrimp and crawfish tails in a cream sauce. Being the picky eater that I am, I tend to only enjoy parts of a meal at a new restaurant, not knowing what to have them hold etc.  However, I thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of this dish!  The restaurant is TINY, you are bumping elbows with the table next to you, and doing a crab walk trying to get through, but it honestly lends to the uniqueness of the place.  I loved the experience!The food tastes great! We tried pork, roasted duck breat, chop lamb， everything is great!This restaurant makes the list of one of the most memorable meals I've ever had. When I'm 80 I will probably bore my (maybe grandniece or grandnephew?) with the description of the seafood medallions! 
We arrived late for our reservation but fortunately were still able to be seated, albeit right next to the door and host station (more on that later). As if the bread sticks and garlic butter weren't enough, they also brought warm fresh bread. We ordered the Rose of Sicily for an appetizer, two lightly fried artichokes artfully cut to look like roses. 
While we were waiting for our entrees, we observed the front of the house man (who I now gather is co-owner Tony) deftly and expertly managing the continual pour in of people, both with reservations and without, both with full parties present and without, both tourists and locals, celebrating special occasions and not. I commented how he was able to say no to people with out actually saying no-- keeping people happy and pretty much away from the table where normally they would be "hovering". 
We then noticed a framed article at our table entitled "when the worst seat in the house is the best". It was a review of the restaurant and like us, the diners had arrived late, expecting to be jostled and hassled at their oddly located table, but instead were entertained by the super skilled front of the house! Given how busy it was we could also actually hear one another speak.
Our meals arrived and I was in heaven. The seafood medallions were everything I expected they would be and exactly the flavor I anticipated and craved. Large round paneed eggplant medallions smothered in a crawfish creole sauce with jumbo lump crab and shrimp... to die for. My husband had the lasagna and while his eyes didn't roll into his brain like mine did with each bite he enjoyed it. At one point I ordered an iced tea and it took a little longer than it should have (my husband's beer arrived first) but the server completely acknowledged it and it wasn't a problem at all, I was impressed that he got it.
Having eaten a monster breakfast that day we did not have room for dessert, but we will be back for sure. I want to try the seafood stuffed pork chop and would love to try the tasting menu but you have to have 5 in your party. I told a colleague to do that I would have to solicit people on the street and might get arrested. After seeing the menu he said it might be worth the risk! Any takers? 
Definitely go here and enjoy!Wife and I had one of our first dates here. Twenty years later it still excels. Bread bowl of corn and crab bisque is to die for. Wife always loves the seafood stuffed pork chop. The room is quite bland, yet somehow romantic with it's dim light and close confines.Amazing. Get the shrimp tagliatelle in herby marinara and the bisque in the bread bowl. YUMB!New York style dining in the Big Easy!
 Vincent's is a must if your looking for a great Italian meal in uptown. The service is good, though I almost feel like the waitress checked back to often. The restaurant is small so you may want to make a reservation on weekends. The pretzel style twist bread was excellent; a good starter followed by the house salad I went with the blu cheese vinaigrette and I'm glad I did 5 star dressing. Calamari was average, served with red sauce. For the entree I went with the stuffed chicken breast. The chicken was cooked perfectly though the breading may have been on the slightly well done side. The mushroom Marsala sauce was mouth watering, very good. My girl friend went with the shrimp fettuccine which I also had a taste of. We both agreed it was excellent and needed nothing more. We will be back!Went to Vincent's on a Saturday with no reservation and was able to get a table right away. Wonderful staff and amazing food. It's pricey but definitely worth the money! The chicken soup, bleu cheese vinaigrette salad and the Cannelloni house special were amazing. I definitely recommend this restaurant!!A classy italian restaurant with rich food. great palce to take a date for a romantic dinner. My favorite Italian food in NOLA.We made a reservation to dress up and eat at Vincent's Restaurant.  We were disappointed when we walked in the front door and almost tripped on other diners seated at tables close to the door.  We were seated at a table in the back room.  Two tables featured young children with and without young mothers (no fathers).  the 6-12 year old children were up and down and in short constantly moving.  It was difficult to feel that our night was special.  It felt more like eating at McDonald's.  It was ashame because the food was good, but, the children running around dampened our evening out.We really like the Vincent's on St. Charles (the one in Metairie is not as good, in our opinion).
Great food (try the veal), drinks, and service!
Nice cozy, romantic atmosphere.
I recommend reservations as it is very popular and it is a small restaurant.
I've been there 3-4 times and have always had an excellent dining experience.
Highly recommend you give them a try.Good food, better wine list, great service. 
Street parking around the block is plentiful. 
Very homey atmosphere. 
Brought out free birthday dessert for my fiancé. Cannoli was great.While the food was all good, the wait staff was a mess. 
My fiance' and I got to the restaurant half an hour early to sit at the bar fore a drink before our reservation. The host was nowhere to be found, he made it sound like we were the dunces for not telling him our name before we sat at the bar. Then, the bar tender (the female) would hardly look our way to take our drink order, too busy putting away dishes. At dinner, we were given butter but no bread. When we inquired, we were told by one waiter that the restaurant that they don't serve bread with dinner, and then served bread by another waiter who was right behind the first one. Finally, we ordered a bottle of the King Estate reserve wine, and the waiter tried to pass off a different (less expensive) bottle as the King Estate reserve. Then we had to wait forever while they wait staff figured out the wine selection, and we chose a different wine. 
Overall, good food, but a very frustrating experience. We will not return.OVERPRICED. REHEATED LEFTOVERS. They take reservations, but they just ignore your reservation time. This has happened 3x's - one time too many. Had us wait more than one hour after our reserv time. Won't go back. NOBODY is THAT CHARMING, VINCENT!The most amazing Italian restaurant I've been to. Although it is quite tiny on the inside,  the atmosphere is very home-like and welcoming, service is wonderful and the food is extravagant!So many things I love about vincent's. I have truly never been disappointed. I love their chicken parmigiana, and I appreciate that it comes with a salad and a side of pasta. Their service has always been great and the wait has never been unbearably long, especially when you take a seat at the bar.
On multiple occasions I have had servers go the extra mile to make sure we enjoyed our meal. I once had a very picky friend ask for spicy meatballs that are not on their menu, and when they came out my friend was ecstatic that it was the perfect amount of spice. I once had a server offer me and a friend lemoncello on the house that was a delicious end to the meal.
The food is great. I never leave without being satisfied. The stuffed pork chop is the size of a small child. The crap bisque in a bread bowl is great. The mozzarella in the caprese salad is so flavorful, which is not typically the case with fresh mozzarella. Overall just delicious, friendly, local italian food.As authentic of an Italian meal as I've had since Mario's in Nashville 30 years ago! Quaint little spot. I always like to sit in the "back room" at Italian joints because I feel like there is a "history" in there. The back room at Vincent's was perfect. Not to mention the creole accents sound almost Italian! Lol. This place is 80 plus years old. The grandson of the original owners was our waiter. Nicest guy ever! We were late for our reservation due to traffic and a dipshit cab driver, but they didn't care. Made us feel like family! And the food was incredible!!!!! The veal and spinach cannolini was on point! Great wine selection too, I think!?! We were a few drinks in when we got there. 
Highly recommended by me, @TheChefRedneck! 
I only write reviews if they deserve 5 stars. And I don't write many!Fabulous Italian American cuisine. Sinatra and tony Bennett music over head. Mr. Robert our waitress was wonderful. Oysters Rockefeller delicious. Sicilian anti pasta plate fantastic. Chicken and vegetable soup very yummy. Homemade bread served with fresh garlic butter. Homemade vinaigrette dressing was great on the crisp fresh salad. We ordered several different entrees from the pasta section - delicious. The Tartufo dessert served with espresso laced with Tia Maria was excellent. Tiramisu was fantastic. Whoever makes their desserts in the kitchen takes care in the presentation,. We came on a Tuesday night and were able to get a table for six. This restaurant is worth a visit if you're in town.  Call ahead to book a reservation on Friday and Saturday nights. We thoroughly enjoyed eating here. We're from out of town and hope to come back to this restaurant.REAL Italian, REAL people, and FRESH ingredients!  We've been going to Vincent's since we moved here back in 2000.  They food is 'real' Italian with a New Orleans twist.  Their marinara sauce (or as people like to call it in New Orleans, red gravy) just cannot be beat!!!! My favorite dishes include the salmon with fantastic garlic spinach and lump crab mean, the chicken parmesan, and their crab cakes.  We love snacking on their bread sticks before the meal (just don't eat too many as that garlic butter is addictive!!!).  The service is impeccable, and the owners Vincent and Tony are super people who see to it that your dinning experience is perfect.  MAKE RESERVATIONS as the place gets REALLY crowded at peak dinner times!I had heard about Vincent's for a while, and finally had the opportunity to try it out!
The restaurant we were planning to go to was closed on Tuesdays (so much for being spontaneous :P), so we decided to go to Vincent's. We didn't have a reservation, but were quickly seated at the bar while we waited for a table. It probably took less than 15 minutes for us to get our table. 
I love the atmosphere here; it is VERY small and cozy, and plays a great mix of music from Frank Sinatra to Andrea Bocelli. The atmosphere was nice, but the food was to DIE for.
I ordered the Canneloni, which is their house specialty, and I was not disappointed. I thought after eating the soup and salad, which came with my meal, that I would not be able to finish my meal. WRONG! I ate the whole thing, because it was SO cheesy and delicious. 
My husband ordered the shrimp tagliatelle, which was one of their specials of the night. He loved it as well. It was the perfect blend of garlic, plenty of shrimp and HOMEMADE pasta. 
I also appreciate their prices. We ordered two entrées and drinks for less than $70 (which is RARE in this city). 
We decided Vincent's may be our new date spot, and we can't wait to go back! I'm also already planning bringing my Italian-loving father when he visits!Mmmmm good! Another delicious meal at Vincent's. I love how they greet you and make you feel like family from start to finish. Let me just say the food is so good we crave it year round and order the same dishes almost every time. The veal & spinach cannelloni with both red and white sauce is stellar and they do the best eggplant parm I'm ever had- so tender it almost melts in thy mouth. Every entree includes a house salad and soup which we always go for the corn & crab bisque in a bread bowl- just phenomenal! 
Nice wine selection, great service, dim lights and classic Italian tunes. Thank you Seth and company for another great meal at this quintessential restaurant.While we didn't actually fo here to eat, this was one of several Italian places I searched the menu online for Linguine with red clam sauce. In a town and location known for oyster, shrimp and clams, I was disappointed in not seeing a red clam sauce on the menu.My boyfriend and I went here for our Christmas dinner and absolutely loved Vincent's. Both of our pasta dishes were amazing. The sauce on his Fettuccine Alfredo was so thick and rich and wonderfully creamy. My Angel Hair Bordelaise was simple and perfectly executed. Not to mention, all plates come with a salad and soup. While there is not a vegetarian soup option, which I found to be a bit disappointing, the salad was nice and my boyfriend enjoyed the soup so much he wanted a second cup! Great decor, great staff, definitely a little pricey but entirely worth it! I can see why NOLA has rated it one of the top Italian restaurants in the city!I just looovveee restaurants like this ! Very old school Italian /cramped / lots of ambiance ..-food is very good and service is excellent . We made reservations but had to wait a few mins ( owner was awesome and very friendly). Sat outside to wAit and watched the streetcar go by while listening to Sinatra. I had the seafood medallion - delicious / my daughter had the corn crab bisque which I loved but it is super rich ! Chocolate mousse cake for dessert .. Then we rolled ourselves back to the hotel .. HappyGreat food. Great service. Atmosphere is awesome. Favorite place in the city for Italian.One of the best Italian restaurants in the city.  Everything there is excellent.  Make a reservation as you may not get a seat.We don't understand the fuss. Neither of us found it   Exceptional. We may be spoiled though having eaten at great Italian restaurants in many places around the country. This just does not live up to any of those. The service was inattentive and the entrees were not impressive. The stuffed merlaton was bland and chicken parmesan not much better. Sorry all, but not worth going to for dinnerWent there on 5-8-12 with a party of three. This was not a tourist trap ny any stretch of the imagination!
Split an appetizer, the eggplant sandwich, and it was very good. Salad and soup comes with your entree. Both are good. For entrees we had the lasagna, Veal Parm and the house specialty Canneloni. All three were good, but the table aggreed that the Veal Parm stole the show! Portions are very generous and the quality was superb. I am a quality over quantity guy!
Service was awesome. Server and Busboy were very attentive, but not over bearing.
Dining area is cramped, and you make friends with the diners next to you as you are so close. Kind of like a condominium!
At the end of the meal, we all said we would go back, With such a choice of restaurants in NOLA, that is resounding!
Nice job Vincents!!!!The pasta is delicious! We enjoyed everything, but the shrimp tagliatelle was the best pasta I've had outside of Italy.
Friendly service, cozy atmosphere - an overall recommend!The food was decent, but the experience was a disaster. In my opinion, you expect a little southern charm at a cute, old Italian restaurant in Nola, nestled among the streetcars and houses that line St. Charles. Being a LA native who now lives out of state, I love trying new places every time I make it back to Nola. I was ready to give Vincent's a try when in town with family and friends and simply wish now that I hadn't.
Let me break this down for you:
1) To begin, the restaurant screwed up our reservation but was nice enough to hold our table until the correct time. Appreciate that.
2) The waitress- RUDE! Beyond embarrassing how she spoke to me when I attempted to order a virgin cocktail for my pregnant sister. She completely shut me down and said "we can't do that" before continuing to make comments and speak to me like a child. I love being spoken down to and the icing on the cake was the fact that she completely embarrassed someone for being pregnant. 
3) She (i.e. Waitress of the year) then chose not to write anything down and then had to ask each of us multiple times what we had ordered, blaming it on me and "the drink incident". Yes, that was completely my fault that you chose to depend on your memory for a ten person table...
4) The entire time, from the drinks all the way until the end of the meal it was clear the restaurant had no clue what we had ordered. They would just bring stuff by and guess until they got our drinks, salad, and entrees correct. 
5) The food itself was decent, but nothing to brag about.
While I understand that things were crazy due to it being Jazzfest weekend, that is still not an excuse for speaking to me in the manner that she did. Embarrassing to have a place with people like that representing the New Orleans food scene.Chose this place at the last minute on a Sunday night hoping for a nice quiet meal.  We were not disappointed.  The atmosphere was great.  Quiet, nice, quaint, and Italian.  They served the hard cracker type bread sticks which I found to be very good.  The butter had garlic and green onion mixed in which was perfect with the bread sticks.
For an appetizer I had the corn and crab bisque in a bread bowl.  It was a perfect bisque with generous portions of crab.  The freshly baked bread bowl was wonderful, perfectly completing the soup.  For the entree, I had the cannelloni, one of their specialties.  It was very rich, great filling, and surrounded by a delicious Alfredo cream sauce.  My wife had the chicken parmigiana.  The meat was tender and moist, but the breading was perfectly cooked and crispy.  It was probably the most tender chicken breast I have ever had.  Both of the dishes were served very hot, which is hard to find these days.  The portions were large and we were too full for dessert.Wonderful dining experience. You can't go wrong with Vincent's. Corn and crab bisque is a must! They have a fantastic Moscato that is sweet and light.Food is amazing! If your craving affordable delicious Italian in NOLA this place is you!loved this place.  cant wait to go again.  parmesan crusted fish was so fresh and tasty.  blackened redfish was outstanding.  everything was terrificThe best Italian food in New Orleans. The Veal Marsala and the Osso Bucco are out of this world. It has the ambiance of a little trattoria and is located in an Uptown neighborhood near Riverbend.After being on my bucket list for years and years and years, we finally were able to have a lovely dinner to celebrate our three year anniversary. We made reservations through the Yelp! app, but had to call and push our reservation back an hour when we realized that my boyfriend may work late. The man on the phone was sweet and more than accommodating to my request. 
The night of our dinner we arrived a little early. The place was PACKED so they directed us to the bar for drinks. The bar is a very tiny space when you come to realize there are five tables squeezed into the space as well. I felt awkward that my butt was in the faces of those couples dining, and when the table opened up behind us, they offered it to us since we were next on the reservation sheet. However, this was a big dinner for us and I didn't want to be worrying about people's bags swinging into us, or being bumped in that tiny space so I requested another table and we agreed to wait. 
Our first two drinks from the bar, a Crown on the rocks and a Sidecar came out to $25.00 The sticker price shocked me and I prepared myself for what would be a very expensive meal since I was paying for this one. (He got Valentine's which wasn't that long ago.)
We were seated in the back room which was just what I was looking for. We weren't bumped into and I didn't feel like I had to watch my elbow every time I brought my wine glass up for a sip. The room was more long and featured dark wine shelving. The speakers pumped out classic Rat Pack which growing up visiting my Sicilian grandmother's house, is all we listened to. Felt Italian to me alright!
We ordered the Sicilian Rose, an artichoke heart beautifully sculpted into a rose, marinated in olive oil and Italian seasonings and fried, garnished with tomatoes, basil and shaved Parmesan. One for $9 and it was divine. If only I could make something like that myself!
Our main courses were spectacular also. I ordered the Veal Roberto, sauteed veal with jumbo lump crab meat, drizzled with a sherry Beurre Blanc sauce and mushrooms. It was so deep and rich, every bite was a standing ovation. How can I recreate this sauce??? I ate the entire entreee, cleaning the plate, as well as my side which featured house Penne Alfredo and a broccoli casserole bake. The broccoli was seasoned and coated in bread crumbs and cheese and just mouth watering! My boyfriend ordered the chicken breast stuffed with Pancetta and cheese, topped with mushrooms and a Marchand du Vin suace? (I can't quite remember.) His entree portion was bit larger in scale, but he managed to clean his plate too. 
We concluded with The Tia Maria covered ice cream and pecans with a side glass of tawny port. Our bill came to a cool $97 which was a nice surprise considering the quality and quantity of our food. I could easily see myself returning trying to consume everything on the menu.
Bon appetito!The Vincent's greet and treat you to some of the finest Italian cuisine I have ever had. Tony and Chloe treated our group of 8 like family. A must visit if in NOLA!On a busy Saturday night the staff was able to get us a table and made us feel very welcome. The food was amazing and our experience was the great.The ONLY reason I did not give 5 stars is space. I'm a tall person and it is difficult to move around. Food is simply amazing, semi-decent prices, and the staff is VERY hospitable. HIGHLY reccomend it! I would call ahead to guarantee a sufficient table for space. Excellent food, excellent staff, EXCELENT restaurant!!Absolutely delicious. Went here for a company dinner visiting from California and it was some of the best Italian food I've ever had. Had the cannelloni and it was incredible. Sauce was perfect, lots of cheese but not overpowering and the ground veal was excellent. Topped it off with a canolli for dessert and it was a perfect way to top off an exquisite meal. Also snuck a bite of the crab cakes off my sisters plate and it was also delicious. Overall, an amazing place. A bit small, but the helpful and very charismatic staff make up for it. 5-stars for sure. Definitely want to come back the next time I'm in NOLAWhen you make a detour from Jackson MS  on our way to Mobile AL just to eat here- you know it has to be superb. Tony greeted me at the door and said Welcome Back Bunny and sat me at the where Mother and daughter team Darlana and Chloe chat with while waiting for the BEST ITALIAN in NO!Oh my this place is fabulous!! Lasaña and crab bisque was incredible. Only flaw, seating is a little tight. But will return no doubt.I googled recommended restaurants and Vincent's came up. When going, the trolley driver told us it was an amazing restaurant, and that we must get the crab meat corn bisque in a bread bowl. We did get that, and it was amazing. They are how special the cannellini was fabulous as was the lasagna. Even the wine was really good. I highly recommend this very intimate very cute restaurant to anybody who goes to New Orleans!So... I just have to say that the service was wonderful.  Elizabeth and Darlene really took care of me.  I arrived just before 6 and was surprised to see most of the tables already full on a Saturday evening.  Definitely a good sign.  
One thing I love about New Orleans is that you can belly up to the bar (alone), and you can have a drink and a meal without feeling self conscious.  I chatted with the lovely bartenders, a family sitting next to me, and the owner himself.  Everyone was super friendly.
Beyond the service, the corn and crab bisque is DELICIOUS.  Sweet, rich, and in a bread bowl whether you order a cup or a bowl!  The cup was pretty hearty, so I'd say treat the bowl like it's a meal.  If you order a pasta dish, it automatically comes with a cup of chicken soup and a house salad.  I just subbed the soup because I read all of the reviews.  
The house salad was decent.  Iceberg lettuce and mixed greens, some red cabbage and shredded carrots.  I tried their blue cheese vinaigrette, which had crumbled blue cheese and dried cranberries.  It was good, but there was just a bit too much oil.
For an entree, I had the shrimp fettuccine.  The sauce is rich, but it's so good. Of course there was some grated parm added.  The serving was a healthy one, and I had a good amount of it boxed.  There was no way I could fit dessert, but the white chocolate bread pudding is on my list of items to try.  The veal parm also looked delicious.  I finished with a cup of coffee, and as I left, everyone welcomed me to the neighborhood.  I'll definitely be back for a visit soon!
See pics.Server was good App was good but needed some salt.. Salad was too oily .. But my Entree.. Well menu said 1/2 baked chicken in garlic.. My chicken was fried and dry and way too much garlic.. I get that it's called Garlic Chicken but you don't need to put a gallon of chopped garlic on it.. Had the Creme Brûlée that was good.. Best was bread and butter hot and freshI read the great reviews about Vincent's on Yelp and decided to try it out.  I wasn't disappointed! I opted for the Chicken Parm dinner, which came with a nice little basket of Italian Bread and a salad.  The chicken  breast was nicely prepared and the angel hair that was topped with a delicious marinara sauce.  If you're in the Garden District of New Orleans and have a craving for Italian food, this is a good place to go. It's on St. Charles and pretty convenient to get to.  I went on a weekday and they open at 5pm.  Go early to find a parking space nearby!The food here is always awesome. Our waiter was great too.  The one thing that really ruined the whole experience was the hostess man/manager who ever he is! Comes up to our table trying to hurry us up and get us out. He comes back with our to go boxes and says do you want the check and I said no we want dessert. We didn't bring birthday candles to not get dessert. He says do you know what you want. I say no and he goes I will just have the waiter come get your order. He puts 4 dessert menus on the table and walks away abruptly.  Before that iI said why do i feel like he is trying to get us the f out. Everyone says they want to turn the table over. I understand you want to give the table to someone else but next time can you be a little bit less rude and pushy.Can't get enough of this place. We had a big group of 10 last night and they took great care of us. 
The food is always great. I absolutely love this place. 
The owner was there and came to meet us. Several of the people in our group hadn't been there and loved it. 
Some guys from the north shore said they would drive back to this place to eat. 
Looking forward to going back soon.Vincent's always seems to serve very good food.  The service is also very good especially when Vincent is on the floor making sure all of his patrons are completely satisfied.  I live in the Uptown New Orleans area and have frequent this restaurant a lot.  The sauteed Italian oysters ar one of my favorite meals but I wold also say the Salmon is probably one of the best prepared in the New Orleans ares because it compares to what I've had in California.  Overall worth a trip down St. Charles Ave for a good meal and moderately priced wine.We were in New Orleans over the weekend and had dinner at Vincent's on Saturday evening. The food was phenomenal. The bread and butter (OMG the butter!), calamari, Caesar salad, and most of all the Chicken Carbonara. It was by far the BEST Carbonara I have ever had. Ray was our server and he was equally awesome. Everyone else with us also raved about their meals. There wasn't one person in our group that wasn't talking about it the next day. We loved it so much that my husband and I went back again on Sunday evening!Amazing dining experience. Best Italian cuisine I've had in the area. From the appetizers to dessert every bite was extraordinary. The service was impeccable. Will definitely go back for more!I've heard a lot about this place. Vincent's has always been considered a New Orleans institution, spoken in the same breath as Venezia's and some of the better Italian restaurants in the city. 
When I went there to eat, my friend and I questioned where that reputation came from. Service was great! Food was not. 
Starting from the breadsticks lining every table, the only decent morsel tasted was the garlic butter which accompanied said breadsticks. 
I ordered the Eggplant Parmesan; my friend ordered the veal with crabmeat on top. Her meal was a very thin butter-flied piece of battered veal with 5 pieces of lump crab meat on top. We counted. There were exactly 5. And 1 small broken claw piece. So a total of 5 1/2 pieces (me being very generous with that 1/2 piece comment.) Liquidy and gamy, it definitely wasn't fresh. Seriously, an insult in this seafood-obessed town.
When the attentive server asked us if we wanted any dessert, we definitely decided to not take our chances.I love the service and the atmosphere at Vincent's. My fave is the double stuffed pork chop with mole' sauce. OOOOhhhhh WWEEEEEEEE! I want some right now. Go Ahead and make Vincent's one of your stops this week or weekend.This is a great little Italian place and I've eaten here for many years.  I especially enjoy lunch when they give you FREE martinis but dinner is a great time as well.  The corn and crab bisque in the bread "bowl" is a must and they always give you some great garlic/cheese bread to kick off your meal.  EVERYTHING I've ever had here has been outstanding and the service has always been above all expectations.  I really can't recommend this place enough and you have to eat both lunch and dinner here ASAP!!!Was my first time, and I love the atmosphere is so cozy; what can I said the meal was delicious   shrimp fettucini in alfredo salsa  was so yummy.Service is always personal! Food is always delicious! We sat at the bar and watched the nfl opening game! The bartender was extremely knowledgeable and introduced us to a new Cabernet! The hubby wanted a spicy red sauce over angel hair and the chef created a special dish just for him and he LOVED it! Always a great experience at Vincent's!!Last year I lived maybe 3 blocks from here and walked right by it regularly and never went in for whatever reason.  This week though finally went and it was an enjoyable experience, but it was the atmosphere that made it four stars. 
To start when you walk in it is a small house dimly lit, white table clothes, wine racks on the walls, and families and couple enjoying each other company.  It seemed as though everyone was loving life and valuing the importance of there love ones... maybe a stretch but it fit in well with the Italian a lot of love to go around motif.  Additionally, they managed to play every single of my top twenty favorite folksy Italian songs from Mambo Italian to several that I recognize from childhood but have no idea what they are called.
That said the wine was decent with the house pinot noir being quite tasty but the chianti struggled after the first sip.  Oysters rockefellar was awesome and the house special cannelloni was good with stuffed crab inside was enjoyable.  My girlfriend got the chicken parmigiana which came out luke warm and was tasty but left something to be desired.  We capped off our night with some creme brulee with some fresh strawberries was a nice way to finish the meal.  
All in all Vincents is a bit pricey but I definitely enjoyed myself and the atmosphere as well despite some of the cons the pros still would bring me back again.
 Let me start with the things that I liked very much about this place:
1) You really have the feel of being in ItalyI ate here with Tom Fitzmoris' Eat club on nomenu.com. It was most likely the greatest meal of my life. We have 6 courses paired with wines. Prior to this dinner, I always ordered the corn and crab bisque in a bread bowl, that has changed now because I ate their famous Cannelloni and it is to die for! The best Cannelloni ever! The band oyster vincent was so delicious as well. I don't even like oysters and I would eat this again. I also loved their lemcello. What a fantastic meal. And we even got to meet Vincent!My boyfriend and I went to Vincent's on a Sunday night. We got seated very quickly with no reservation. The bartender was amazing and knew how to make a mean French 75 along with whatever strange cocktail my boyfriend got him to make. When we walked away the bartender even came up to our table to apologize because he put dry vermouth in the cocktail instead of sweet vermouth and even offered to make a redo on him. It was lovely. 
We were greeted by an older woman waitress (who's name I can't remember) and we put in our appetizer order immediately. Everything was going smoothly, we ate our artichoke Vincent, which was delicious. I had the Italian chicken veggie soup which was also decent. 
Sadly though that's when our night took a very abrupt turn. Our waitress kept saying our salads were on the way. After waiting a half hour we got our salads. No apologies or explanation of what happened but whatever...things happen, so we eat our salads so quickly because we were getting very very hungry. Once again we sit there for 25 minutes enjoying each other's company but yet we are starving and the 4 top next to us who sat down after us have already finished their entrees and have paid and left. We still have no explanation what is going on and our waitress has yet to apologize only saying "it's being plated now." Yet it still takes 15 minutes to get to us. 
Once we finally get the food we are so relieved! It's delicious and everything that I was craving. I got the Cannelloni and my boyfriend got the jump lump crab meat and shrimp. Once again though we were forgotten about. Our waitress offered hot bread when the food was set down to sop up all the good juices and yet by the time she came to check on us, when our food was now completely gone, I reminded her about the bread and she didn't say anything just turned around to run to the kitchen. When she returned with the bread still no apology or owning up to forgetting about it. We finally get the check and she finally wants to talk to us, the first time all night. It's pointless, nothing can be done to make the night better. Not a single manager came to check on our table so we were stuck with not wanting to be those assholes complaining about the awful service of the server who had completely ruined our one night out in the past month.
Of course though since my boyfriend and I are servers ourselves we won't leave anything less then 50% as a tip and to be honest this is the first time in about a year that we have tipped less then that. And I wish we weren't servers ourselves so we could have left her 0% because when you do not communicate to your table what the heck is going on for over an hour and a half you deserve nothing.
We were there for 2 and a half hours.....need I say more? 
If you want to enjoy good food but want to put up with awful service go to Vincent's! Because we sure as heck will never be going back.What a great find.. We stumbled upon this jewel . Sat at the bar and Darleen took great care of us. We enjoyed the Sicilian rose, the Veal  Marcella and a cannoli .. What a great end to our mini get away.I'm at 3.5 stars on this one.   But I've got to bump up to a 4 due to the attentiveness of the staff.
Attentive service, though it seemed like our server was new, and thus a couple of hiccups occurred (no big deal, just as we mentioned to management who stopped by our table to see how everything was   --- the wrong appetizer was delivered to our table, which was corrected, and we were one of the only tables without complimentary breadsticks, which were brought over when we requested them).
I had the seafood medallions as my entree, which was good and filling; if I head back next time I am in N'Orleans, I might try the stuffed shrimp in pastry, which sounded quite good as well.    
We ordered classic grey goose martinis.  We ordered the first two "dirty," but unfortunately they were too dirty for us....I could feel the effect of the alcohol, but so much olive juice that I couldn't taste it.   The second round we ordered the gg classic martinis, and asked for extra olive juice on the side so that we could dirty them to our liking; that worked out just fine.
We had Ubered there, but saw a streetcar track running in front of the restaurant.  Staff was very friendly telling us how to catch the street car back to Bourbon street and thankfully offered to give us change for our big bills since the streetcar doesn't give change for any overage.Wow, such wonderful service and the food was mouth-watering. I wish I could eat here everyday. I will be back!I am giving this a 1 because of all the BS reviews to the contrary.  If someone from Chicago or NY came to this place and reviewed it based on good italian there, it would get a zero
I had an eggplant dish and my friend had some chicken thing. Both were swimming in mediocre cheese, full of fat. Really bad.  i will not eat here again.
The place was packed. I really dont get people in this city or others for that matter when a place like this is so popular. 
I do not have an agenda and do not work for another restaurant or whatever.  I just hate for people especially tourists to hit this place expecting something good. I say go though and find out for urself:(
Sorry to say that once again the service for take home food was really bad.  The woman behind the bar was quick to take the payment when we arrived to pick up, but then went back to mixing drinks and completely forgot about the food....we finally had to ask one of the other staff if they could find out what happened to our order.  Food was great as always but the service was just not good.Really long wait. So reservations are probably ideal. But really great wait staff. The owner is funny and very friendly. The food is to die for. Really great place would come back.This was by far the best Italian food in New Orleans! The service was amazing and the food was incredible! The Alfredo sauce was to die for!! Prices were good! I would recommend to anyone in New Orleans!Always love Vincent's.  The food never disappoints.  It seems, however, when I go I always get the same waiter.  For some reason he doesn't seem happy to be there.  It's pretty obvious he's been there a long time.  Maybe he needs to retire.  Tony, the host is always a nice guy and happy to see everyone.Went back for dinner this time which was ok but I prefer the lunch much better. The much talked about corn and crab bisque was good but not worth all the hype, especially when it had canned corn as an ingredient. My party ordered the lasagna and the eggplant while I had the chicken parmesan. The best of the three was the eggplant while the chicken was just ok and the lasagna came in 3rd as it looked to not be that fresh. The lunch dish called veal napoleon was not seen on the dinner menu and that was a disappointment. 5 stars for lunch just three for dinner.The reason to go here is the Corn and Crab bisque soup in a bread bowl ($11).  Worth it.  I remembered it from 14 years ago.  It was as not as epic as my memory, but I will still go back time and time for it.  I might just get it at the bar though next time.
The veal tagletelle(sp?) was passable.  It was a bit bland for me, others could really love it.  Apparently it is popular.
Blue cheese dressing was simple and reasonable as a palate cleanser.
If you go with out getting the crab soup, you will lose.I have eaten here twice in the last month and both times this place has been great!
Probably the best Italian food for the relatively lowest prices you're going to find in NOLA outside of maybe Adolfos.
Convenient location, friendly and quaint atmosphere. Breadsticks here are awesome. 
Word of advice - anything can and should be dipped in the leftover sauce from the cannelloni (bread, chicken, steak, your finger...anything).dined at vinces a couple time during jazz fest weekend and love it!  the service was very good as well as the food.  we started with the artichoke appetizer special. for the entree i had the redfish - so freakin' good, my husband had the veal w/tagliate special and it tasted so comforting and our friend had their house specialty canneloni which was uniquely delish!  i wish i had room for dessert; i would have loved to experience whatever desserts they had on had. a more reason to come back!Before Katrina, Vincent's served as my friends' Sunday night dinner place.  We'd go almost every Sunday for the good Italian, the dark space, and the strange quiet of a full restaurant.  After the storm, they raised their prices and the quality dropped.  So I hadn't been in nearly three years when we rolled the dice last Sunday and tried again.  The good news is that the quality has improved to pre-K levels.  The bad news is that it's still overpriced for Italian food.  You can do a lot better than $14 for a blandish fettuccine alfredo, even here in New Orleans where there are few Italian joints.  The stuffed mushroom appetizer was probably the best thing we had -  really great flavor (a little amaretto in there?)  The wines by the glass they offer are actually a really good deal.  I think you can get any of their house wines at $6 a glass, and then some other good ones at $8.  
I don't know what to think...I mean the place was packed Sunday at 6:30 when we showed up.  Either people just still love the place despite the poor value or I'm just being a sissy.  I guess I just wish it was the way it used to be for me.This place is wonderful. Feels like you're in Italy. On the street car line. The crab and bisque in a bread bowl is fantastic.  the seafood medallions are great.  A bit rich. 
The lamb and salmon are to die for.
Great friendly neighborhood restaurant.We had a delicious dinner at Vincent's. We popped in here right at opening, and without a reservation... luckily they were able to seat us. This place is dark and old school. They definitely have maxed out the number of tables one little establishment can hold. Honestly, we were 5 squeezed in at a table near the bar. Each time a waiter or waitress passed by we hoped that we wouldn't get spilled on. As far as the food goes, it was quite good. Not the best Italian I have ever had, but definitely not the Olive Garden. The portions are large, and once I had the soup and salad I was too full to eat much of the eggplant dish... and definitely too full to even consider the dessert menu. My husband had a veal course and said it was quite delicious. Hmm.. Overall, I think if a friend wanted Italian I would send them this way. I don't know that I would beeline back. I am not sure why either. I mean, the service was good, the food was good... everything was just good... and not fabulous.If I was on death row, this is where I would get my last meal. 
The first time I came here was during my 1 year anniversary. I've since been here for every one since (I'm on 7). Not to mention any and every other occasion. It is a great place to come on a date.
I've had several different meals from here (via my boyfriend), but I personally get the parmesan crusted chicken every single time. It is the best thing you will ever eat in your life. Who would've thought that chicken can melt in your mouth? It is AMAZING! They give you 3 pieces of chicken, so I do often share. It is not that great re-heated.
The other amazing thing to get is the Corn and Crabmeat Bisque in a bread bowl. It is wonderful. The best part is after you eat all of the soup, use your spoon to scrape the soggy part of the bread. mmm 
When you order a meal, it comes with a salad. Get the house italian! It is so good and fresh. You can get the caprese as a substitute, which is a slice of tomato, mozzarella, and basil. 
The service is always amazing. I actually go there so often that they know me and my boyfriend by name. It is a smart idea to call and make a reservation in advance on weekends. 
PARMESAN CRUSTED CHICKEN!!!! Do I need to say it again? PARMESAN CRUSTED CHICKEN!!!!!!! 
I can't say enough good things about Vincent's!One of my favorite Italian spots in the city. It's a very cozy neighborhood restaurant. You are better off with reservations or else you will wait for dinner. 
Items I find hard to say no to: corn and crab bisque in the bread bowl, the seafood stuffed mushrooms anything in alfredo, fried eggplant either in appetizer form or eggplant parmesan. 
They put bread sticks and garlic butter on the table, but if you ask for fresh baked bread they will happily give you some
All entrees come with a salad and a side dish of the vegetable du jour and alfredo noodles. You will not leave hungry!The Veal Napoleon was the best italian dish I have had in New Orleans. Come for lunch to get the great food at a big savings from the dinner menu. Trust me it will be one of the best lunches you will ever have.Vincent's is a New Orleans institution. 
The service is quick and efficient. The food is delicious. Vincent's has breadsticks on the table, and all of the food is delicious. The chicken parmesan is well done without being drowned in breading. The pasta is really good.
For dessert, the bread pudding is amazing. It is one of the best bread puddings I have had in the city. The cannoli is also quite tasty.
My only complaint is the restaurant is somewhat small and has tables packed together really closely without much aisle space for the waiters/waitresses to walk in between.Being a new New Orleanian with Italian roots, this was my first Italian restaurant - and will be my only Italian restaurant, the food is THAT good! The eggplant is amazing and the angel hair pasta was cooked perfectly. The meal also comes with choice of soup and a salad. Unlimited breadsticks right in front of you. The cannoli is true cannoli and it goes perfect with coffee. Going to treat myself at least once a month. Darlene the bartender is super nice. The only reason I can't give a five-star review is because they jam you in at the bar...too many seats.This is now our go to Italian place in New Orleans. Casual but intimate. Staff is super professional. Also knowledgeable and friendly. The general manager is the heart and soul of the place. I knew we were going to love it when he made room for us without a reservation. Everything on the menu looked great, we had veal Marsala and Roberto for entrées and "Rose of Sicily" for an appetizer. A bottle of Pinot Grigio filled in the cracks. Fantastic.Ate here tonight at the food was amazing! Everyone in our group of four loved their meals (cannelloni, alfredo and a shrimp dish). Also a very cute and authentic feeling Italian place. I give it three stars because our waiter sucked. It took an hour to get our entrees from when we ordered. Every time I was about to go to the manager our food would finally appear.
Sad because if he had been attentive we would have probably ordered more wine and dessert but didn't feel like dealing with the wait.Everything here was absolutely amazing. Old school family Italian restaurant. Best carbonara I've ever had in my life. Super friendly and professional staff. Cozy atmosphere. Will definitely be back.This is by far some of the best authentic italian food I've had in ages. I'll definitely be back. We enjoyed the spaghetti and meatballs and the fettuccini Alfredo with chicken. The meatballs were perfect!!!The service and the food was impeccable! I had the crab and corn bisque as pictured, with the eggplant parma dish, as well as the banana creme brûlée.  Some of the best creme brûlée in the cityAwesome food, convenient location.  The corn and crab bisque in a bread bowl is to die for.WOW is about all I have to say. I came in and was seated at the bar. Not unusual since currently I am alone while the family is away. The owner, Tony, seated me himself and introduced me to the bartender. I asked what he recommended and it was on point. You can't go wrong with the corn and crab bisque and the cannelloni. It is about the best I have ever had. The service is great and the atmosphere is about what you would expect from a local Italian place. I will come again and plan to bring my wife here on her next visitI had always heard that Vincent's was a great place. It looked promising, since on a weeknight we had to wait. In the summer heat we waited outside-I didn't see any inside waiting--tables are the first thing we encountered when  entering the door. Thank goodness it wasn't raining.
First, I thought the atmosphere was nice, albeit dark and too quiet when our noisy neighbors left their table. Second, the breadsticks and garlic butter were the best thing I ate. The food is similar to what my grandmother likes, too much butter and cream, too much salt or sugar and overcooked. It wasn't bad it just wasn't that good. Last, the wait staff was attentive and helpful.I just moved to New Orleans and my friend demanded that I go get the blackened redfish, corn and crabmeat bisque and salad with blue cheese vinaigrette dressing.
I picked up an order to go and it barely made it back to the house 8 blocks away. 
INCREDIBLE.
I worked in 5 star Italian restaurants for years and never was so impressed with what I ate tonight.
Next time I order, which will probably be this weekend, I'll be more inclined to dine in since the staff and ambience was wonderful as well. 
Thank you!Absolutely awesome the veal chop with garlic risotto and asparagus was the best thing i have ever eaten.  Place is small and tight but the food is wonderful. Best meal i have had anywhere nothing like it.Wow! What a great find. After almost a week of terrific meals in NOLA my wife and I decided to switch off from the Louisiana and seafood cooking and go Italian. The Yelp rave reviews brought us here. Certainly a long ride from our French quarter hotel by public transport, but well worth it. The St. Charles Avenue car took us past the mansions to uptown , and Vincent's. 
As suggested in previous posts we started with the corn and crab bisque in a bread bowl. They need to package this and send it out nationwide.  This alone is worth the trip. The veal and chicken Parmesan dishes that we had did not disappoint and they were huge. If you can take more don't miss the white chocolate bread pudding. Incredible, but I'll need extra  time at the gym to work it off.Loved the dinner and had a wonderful evening, it is a Carrolton icon!  We started with Oysters Almondine.  My wife followed that up with the veal and I had the seafood medallions.  It was scrumptious and rich!  The portion size was large but not over whelming, but I felt full well into Sunday afternoon.  Our waiter was on the spot with everything with the appropriate amount of attention.  Never once did we feel rushed!  The restaurant is small, I would say tight.  Our 2 top table was right next to the bar.  It felt cramped but not unbearable.We decided to only try new (to us) places while in New Orleans and this one will certainly be added to the list of regular stops.  It was delicious!
I loved the atmosphere in here even with it being a little dark inside.  We were having a family dinner but it would be great for a romantic meal.  It is what you'd expect an old Italian place to be.  Breadsticks on the table (they were a little stale so you can probably leave them), Sinatra playing on the Muzak, real candles on the table (not those crappy plastic electric jobs), waiters all dressed in black & white and red tablecloths.  The breadsticks were served with nice warm garlic butter.  If there had been fresh bread instead of the breadsticks, I would have cleaned that butter plate.
I ordered the Lump Crab & Shrimp Parma and it was divine.  I could eat it over and over.  It had jumbo lump crab & shrimp topped with champagne beurre blanc and sprinkled with fresh grated parmesan cheese & baked to perfection.
My sister enjoyed her paneed chicken with a lemon cream sauce.
While they don't have a children's menu, they make accommodations for kids.  My niece was able to eat chicken tenders with spaghetti with red sauce.  She's a picky eater, but she cleaned her plate.
We appreciated that the waiter made a special dessert to congratulate her on winning medals in her dance competition.
We also had the lemoncello ice cream and a cannoli for dessert.  The ice cream had a nice lemon flavor without being overly sweet.this place was pretty good. Coming here i was really skeptical being that i come from an area notible for italian food, but i was suprised
by the food. I order the cantaloni and i was very impressed the filling was delicious, i think it was veal and pork. also the corn and crab bisque is worth trying.
Would definatly come againFantastic food, experience, environment and staff! Hands down the best Italian food we've had. We enjoyed chicken parmigiana, parm crusted chicken with salads and stuffed mushrooms! It's was absolutely delicious down to the ranch and butter on the table! Highly recommend!My favorite Italian Restaurant!!! I love this place!  
We have been to Vincent's numerous times for lunch! Never disappointed! Always excellent food, great prices, great service!
Appetizers:
1) Fried Calamari: comes out almost always HOT and fried to perfection.
2) Seafood Stuffed Mushrooms: I LOVE STUFFED MUSHROOMS! It's so good here as well!
3) Corn & Crabmeat Bisque Soup in breadbowl: somestimes a bit too salty for me, but still really good
Salads:
We always get the House Salad with their Italian dressing.  I CANNOT get enough of this dressing! It's the best house italian dressing I've ever had in my life!
Entrees:
1) Chicken Marsala Alfredo: I KNOW! Seems like something so simple right?! OMG..THIS IS MY FAVORITE! I love the cream sauce OH SO MUCH!
2.) House Canneloni: Very good
3.) Lasagna: THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD! There red sauce is so good!
Can't wait until our next dining experience here! 5 Stars in my book! 
We'll compare once we go to Italy in 2 months!!!!This was the best meal of my life. You may have to wait and it is well worth the wait. It would be best to have a reservation. The crawfish bisque is a must. Everything was perfect. The service seemed a bit rushed and our waiter seemed a bit overwhelmed but it was because they have so much business. It is a small place and doesn't look like much from the outside but it is a must try. The food here is like listening to Celine Dion sing "my heart will go on" live and you get emotional because her voice is so beautiful and she is so talented. This food is on the level to make you emotional over eating something so good.So perfect!!  Outstanding vibe and incredible food...started with great drinks in bar including the delicious breadsticks and garlic scallion butter- amazing...then we had the mushrooms to die for....cannelloni- husband was speechless and i also loved....i had the veal piccata- amazing...oh and finished with a cannoli - perfection...cant wait to come back- our new nola fav!There's a lot about it that's ordinary (I agree with the Goodfellas review below), and it's very, very old-school.  But the food!  Traditional Italian meets traditional New Orleans, which means it's way too rich, ample sides are served, and tasty to the end.  The seafood medallions on the dinner specials menu takes five years off your life, but it is a decadent, highly flavorful experience.  Last time I went I had the stuffed shrimp in phyllo pastry.  Stuffed with crabmeat, then baked in phyllo and drowned in... you guessed it... a garlic-crabmeat cream sauce.  Definitely worth trying if you're craving a rich Italian meal, and somewhere I'd recommend to anyone visiting NOLA who wants to venture beyond the titans (Commanders, Brennan's, etc.).  
There are imperfections, but it gets five stars because it has remained strong in my memory since my first visit in 2006 (for the aforementioned seafood medallions) and its intangible appeal moved me and my dining companion to finish off an entire dish of garlic butter and breadsticks on my most recent visit.  Loves it.Every meal I've had at Vincent's has been a treat.  I've been dinning here occasionally for several years and just love the place.  Their crab cakes are incredible.  Whenever I'm in NOLA, I make sure to book a table here.Love this place. Parmesan crusted chicken is great... Almost everything is delicious. Crab and corn bisque is delicious.  The desserts are amazing!This place is AMAZING! My husband and I went on a Sunday night and it did not disappoint. We ordered escargot and oysters Rockefeller as our appetizers. Both were savory and a good portion size. For our entrees, I got the house special cannelloni and he got the lamb chops. Both were superb ! Out waitress was very attentive and polite. We will definitely be returning customers !I lived in New Orleans for four years and I would pass this establishment weekly on the way to work and for whatever reason I never went in, that is until my parents came to visit. The day they arrived Novio and I wanted to take them somewhere swanky to eat but they were so tired and they were Airbnb-ing (is that a word?) uptown. So naturally I suggested the place I was desperate to try, Vincent's.
The place has this old timey allure with neon signs and mafioso like Italian columns, candles, and drapery on the inside. I started speaking Italian as soon as I walked in (***disclaimer I don't really speak Italian, I would just gesture to different objects and recite pasta names while doing the hand gesture, you know the one) Anyway, the waitress was absolutely fantastic and Vincent himself (i think it was him) was there, he was very friendly and set up a table of five significantly quickly especially during prime eating hours (7pm). You are provided with literal bread sticks, seriously sticks made out of bread kinda like crackers, not the soft olive garden kind, perfect for the soups. Any dish you order comes with a soup or salad so no appetizer necessary,
We found out dad is allergic to shellfish when mom gave him a little bit of her crab bisque, which was absolutely delicious by the way. Dad survived, he just got really red, puffy, and itchy. My brother, novio, and myself, ordered ceaser salads. My mom and brother are vegetarians and ordered the eggplant parmigiana, it comes with a side of your choice pasta. I am not a vegetarian, but I love eggplant so I ordered the same as mom and brother. Novio ordered chicken parmigiana and dad ordered some form of steak in mushroom sauce with a side of pasta. It was waaaaay to much food. Dads steak was more mushroom sauce than actual steak and he was not too amused by this. The rest of the food was delicious. I ate the whole thing and so did everyone else. 
We were too full for dessert but they had alluring delicacies, cannoli, cheesecake and more. Overall great service and food. I am happy we got to try a true New Orleans treasure before I moved away. It's very local. Parking is off street so get there early, or better yet just take the streetcar, its on St Charles anyway.One of the best places to eat Italian in New Orleans. The ambiance is quaint Italian and the food is delicious. Sometimes the place can get a bit overcrowded and you might feel a bit rushed with you meal. Corn Bisque is a great appetizer and you will probably leave with a hefty size go bag of leftovers. Parking is on the street, so be prepared to walk off some food going to your car. But it is a nice Uptown neighborhood so don't worry. 
Tip: Reservations are recommended, but waiting by the bar for a table is not a bad thing.Since coming to New Orleans in 2002, I have not found really good Italian food. I mean like REALLY REALLY good Italian food. Perhaps that's because my mother is Italian and damn, does she know how to cook! (I might be a bit biased here, but she's the best cook ever.)
Vincent's. OH MY WORD. Now THAT is some good eatin'.
It was pricey, sure, but totally worth it. 
The place is very small, very intimate. (Almost TOO small: a little hard to navigate around and worried I'd bump into some table.) Also, quite romantic. Dim lighting, candles on the table, and incredible service from the gracious waitstaff.
I had called ahead for reservations, and only had to wait 10 minutes or so at the bar for our table. My date and I grabbed a drink at the bar while waiting. He got a beer ($4.50) and I got an Appletini ($8-ish). It was my fault for ordering something too sweet... should have stuck to wine. (I'd never had an Appletini, and thought I'd give it a whirl) It was quite potent though! Good-- if you like really sweet/fruity drinks.
Once seated, we were given warm bread with garlic and green onion butter. So good.
Appetizer: Eggplant sticks with marinara sauce. Pretty good! The eggplant was a *little* bland, but the sauce was good on it. I liked the idea of it being in long sticks, much like french fries. We ate the whole thing... good to split between two people.
Entree: Fettuccine Alfredo.
......
......
......
Sorry, I had to stop for a minute to allow myself proper drool-age...
 It was SO RICH. I mean, it was thick, saucy, perfectly spiced while still being creamy and mild, and so much of it that it could easily have fed three people. I had to stop after several bites because I was so full. I don't think I've ever had such rich alfredo sauce.
I definitely got a to-go box. That's the best Italian I've ever had in New Orleans. (I mean, it's not my mom's spaghetti, but I'll take it!) Total cost for two people? Around $60 including drinks and tip.
Would I go there again? Definitely.The service was impeccable, I sat at the bar on my own and talked with the bartender and other employees throughout my meal. Great people work here and the food was delicious, I had the crab and corn bisque, a great caesar salad, and a solid grilled fish with penne vodka pasta.I wish everyone would read the negative reviews and then not go to Vincent's.  Then I could have the place all to myself.  Great Italian experience, even if your Italian mom told you different.Great place. You must have the crab and corn bisque which is served in hollowed out breadbowl.  Every entree I've had there was perfect.  It's small and it can get crowded, but it's dark and cozy.Everything good with Vincent's: Made a reservation online and our table was ready when we arrived even though the restaurant seemed full.  Food was well very tasty and well priced. We had a soft shell crab main and veal tagliatelle.  
Only drawback would be the service: As soon as one person finished a course the waiter or assistant was picking up that person's plate even though the others at the table hadn't finished that course yet.  The waitstaff should wait until everyone has finished each course before removing the plates.  This gave us the feeling that we were being rushed.   But, this won't stop us from returning to Vincent's since the food was so good.We had a tremendous meal here on our last night in NOLA. The veal, the duck, and the redfish were fabulously delicious.  Our waitstaff were efficient and attentive. What the interior lacks in handsomeness, the food and service more than make up for it. I look forward to returning. This truly is one of New Orleans' greatest neighborhood restaurants.Coming from NYC, I don't expect much from Italian joints down south. But Vincent's definitely holds up. We had a party of 7, and for a small place  like this it was a bit much, but they were most gracious and seated us relatively quickly. They hooked us up with some delicious appetizers for the wait, and they were delicious. The wait staff was quick and attentive. I had the veal sorrentino, and it could definitely compare to any meal I've enjoyed in little Italy. Not sure if he was the gm or owner, but tony was super nice, and such a gracious host, I will gladly return to this place on my next visit to the big easy!In New Orleans to pick our daughter up to return home after college sophomore year. SO many choices but easy decision where to enjoy our LAST meal...we all agreed on Vincent's! Every morsel of food is scrumptious and the service/ambience is exceptional. Always a 5-star experience. 
The staff works HARD and seems genuinely focused on making sure every single guest has a 5-star experience!
Hubby is obsessed with chicken parm and Vincent's is delish beyond words. Daughter's favorite is the creamy crab soup in the bread bowl...ummm...YES PLEASE! I got a heavenly dish with eggplant medallions, crabmeat and shrimp, so fresh, every flavor popped. 
Vincent's never disappoints, a New Orleans treasure :)Best Italian food I have ever had. I lived in New York and ate all all the top rated places. This wins.  The seafood medallions are worth the trip to Nola from anywhere in the world. Put this on your list of must eats during your next trip.Canneloni Canneloni Canneloni all  have to say. Don't come here if you a re in a rush, because you will leave disappointed. Seems like the Italian places in NOLA move at a slower pace for some reason (even for NOLA standards). This is a great date place nice ambiance.I was uncertain if this uptown Italian could compare to Irene's. I am no longer in doubt. The veal was paneed as it should be and the vodka pasta does not suck. The broccoli casserole, which is only available on weekends is also a surprise treat. The service is also great. Tons of local charm is an extra as well.FABULOUS!!! Absolutely love this place and can't wait to go back! Had the chicken soup, house salad with creamy italian, and spaghetti and meatballs. All very delicious, and looking forward to trying the lasagna next time :). Oh and get the garlic bread! 
Wonderful waiter, wonderful atmosphere, wonderful food. Love this spot.My son lives directly across the street from here, and I don't know why we never went here before last year but mostly it had to do with waiting too long to make reservations. My son is a college student, so he doesn't eat here unless we are in town because this isn't college student budget.
This place is the BOMB. It's locals, not tourists, and is very oldworld Italian. Service is amazing. It's small and cozy and clearly full of regulars. This is now our go-to special occasion place for sure! Everything is absolutely delicious. Reservations are honored on time, service is fast and friendly, and it just feels like...home. 
A definite must try. Going toward Carrollton, it is between two street car stops and going back toward the Quarter, there is a streetcar stop right there on the corner of St. Charles/Burdette. There is also parking available on the street. Back in this neighborhood there are also other plentiful bars and restaurants to visit afterward for a fun drink.This place is soooo teeny tiny and tightly organized it will boggle your mind - but the service is fantastic and the food is okay. I took my boyfriend here for his bday. We both started with a small bisque in a bread bowl, which was deliciously creamy and I highly recommend it. We had redfish for the entrée and it tasted okay but it was way over-seasoned in our opinion and very greasy. We had canolis for dessert and I did not enjoy those at all. We will be coming back for the service and atmosphere, but will try something else off the menu and update the review. 
Oh and just a side note... don't eat those breadsticks on the table! They don't taste very good and the waiter doesn't change them out between customers. Wait for the real bread!It was our first time at Vincent's last weekend, and it was excellent!  Both the host and our waiter were very friendly.  We ordered the corn and crab bisque served in a bread bowl, and we had the cannoli - a house specialty.  Both were delicious!  We loved the atmosphere.  It was very intimate, not too dark, not too light.  We will be back!YUM! The best Italian food ever and fun atmosphere. Small space, so don't expect to have tons of room around your table. Go early if you have a large party, but for date nights enjoy a cocktail at the bar while waiting on a table. Must visit spot!EXCELLENT service from the host to the waiter to the "bread" boy. So attentive and courteous. The food is always amazing. Wonderful food at a reasonable and fair price.Average... Very very average. I don't like paying for thing that I cook much better and that's exactly what happened hereI have been passing by this little Italian restaurant for years, but I had never had the opportunity to go in.  Just the outside looked nice.  Sort of small and dimly lit.  I always imagined what it was like inside.
A friend and I finally went here for dinner and I was immediately blown away, before any food was even served.  The staff is very friendly and greated us when we walked in.  The place was kind of packed, and we hadn't made reservations, so we sat at the bar and chatted, while we waited on a table.  
We waited about 20 minutes and when we were finally seated, we were given complimentary bread sticks that were served with the most delicious garlic butter I think I have ever had.  I ordered the fettucini alfredo.  That's pretty standard whenever I go to a new Italian place, but they have a huge menu with every kind of veal you could want to stuffed chicken and seafood dishes.  My dinner came with some kind of Italian chicken soup with veggies and a salad, and it was fantastic.  The alfredo was beyond amazing and the sauce was so decadent and rich, that I had no choice but to take a lot of it home.  It was SO fantastic and good!
The atmosphere of this restaurant is amazing.  It's really small and cozy.  It has dim lighting (not too dim, but just enough for a romantic feel).  There was Louis Prima playing in the background, as well as other "big band" tunes.  It was right up my alley.  This would be a FABULOUS place for a date!  The staff is super friendly and eager to please.  
Go here expecting an experience.  From the time we walked in, to the time we left, it took about 2 hours.  If we had made reservations, it would have gone a little faster, but that's not a big deal.  This is such a nice place, you won't want to rush your time here.  This is the quintessential date place.Some great traditional Italian food. They have great sauces and some of the best crab and corn bisque served in a bread bowl. You must order this dish.4.5 stars as the average is ridiculous. This is the best meal I've ever had. Waited a little longer than expected without a reservation and don't even care. I cannot wait to come back and bring everyone I know. Best. Food. Ever. Owner was very nice. Came over to talk to us. We got about 7 drinks, 5 appetizers and 3 entrees. It was an amazing experienceI'm pretty picky when it comes to italian food, and didn't expect much from an Italian place in NOLA, but I stand corrected.  The food was excellent and the service was attentive and friendly.  I never thought a spaghetti and veal meatball dinner would be that good, but they did it right.  I also was quite impressed with their red sauce, as it actually tasted GOOD and not over-salted, unlike many other italian restaurants.
Only 4 stars because of the price--the food was great, but not necessarily worth the amount it cost.  At the same time, 4 stars instead of 3 because they did italian right--and this is coming from a native of the NYC tri-state area.Food: 4.5/5
Ambiance: 3.5/5
Services: 3.5/5
Prices: $$$ (avg 20/person)
It was Saturday evening around 7pm and our first recommended place to go is Superior Grill. It was a 1.5hr wait, so, I frantically checked my iPhone for any closer restaurants that has less wait time but to no avail. The partner need carbo-load for his Half IronMan race tomorrow morning, so, preferably Italian... As I called up a few restaurants, the best bet was Louisiana Pizza Kitchen further down St. Charles Ave as they have about 10 available tables. I hesitated but hey, they got to have their carbo-load.
While driving down the beautiful St. Charles, we noticed a neon sign "Vincent's Italian Restaurant" just by the right corner, its a small old house and my senses told me to do IT! So, i asked the partner to turn around and we were very glad... Its indeed very small inside with tables very closed to each other, but nonetheless, its very atmospheric as well and you will noticed they are mainly regular & local clientele, DING! Its a great sign... We were hungry and its getting late, we asked if we can sit outside and we could, they set us up by the walk way and our wonderful dining experience begun...
Corn & Crabmeat Bisque served in a toasted bread bowl: Wow, one of the best creamy, flavorful bisque i ever had. Though there's not much of lumpy crabmeat nor corn kernels to be seen but this is simply the best!
Canneloni $17.95: come with house salad & a very light & blend house Italian vinaigrette. Also with a cup of veges & chic soup but i sub with the bisque for additional $4.45 (well worth it). As for the canneloni, well, let say that i'm not a big fan of anything rolled in flour & drenched with rich sauces (thats including enchaladas)! Its their house specialty, with ground veal & spinach. You get 2 pieces and i say its pretty good.
Shrimp with homemade tagliatelle: Slightly broad pasta, not chewy in lightly spiced and very appetizing sauce with scrumptiously grilled shrimps. This item is listed in their additional menu and its another highly recommended dish.
The service is very attentive even though we were the only table outside, several different waiters took good care of us. Really glad that we didnt wait at Superior Grill as I later found out that its a Tex-Mex instead of a "steak house"-kinda place that we expected. Vincent's is a low key but high quality Italian restaurant that I will recommend in a heart beat. The French Quarter is an amazing place to hang out but if you have a car or adventurous enough to check out the Garden District, while admiring those beautiful mansions along St. Charles, have a dinner at Vincent's to complete the day!Not sure why so many in the city rave about this place.  It's "okay"...but maybe the locals haven't ventured to real Italian in Chicago or NYC.  If I could award half-stars, I'd give it a 3.5.  
Decor, ambiance, food, service...nothing that made it memorable (good or bad).  I'd rather to go Eleven 79 (Annunciation) for a nice Italian dinner.  Most locals would agree with that.Like, Whoa. Bruschetta was just okay but stuffed mushrooms we're delicious. Roasted beet, arugula & goat cheese salad was so good. Corn & crab bisque was so deliciously rich & served in a bread roll. Hubs tuna steak was perfectly rare & tender and he raved about the sauce it was paired with. I shared the cannelloni stuffed with ground veal with my five year old and we were both very happy! And of course, when it's on the menu, the creme brulee did not disappoint. Great atmosphere & served my favorite wine, Kim Crawford. Great time & experience.AHHHHHHHH! I'm surprised more people don't know about this place. I think it's because when you drive by, you assume they only serve Italian food. Not the case. I had the seafood medallion. Two pieces of eggplant slices, with crabmeat stuffed in the middle, topped with crawfish and shrimp, in a cream sauce. OMG. absolute heaven. It was a bit crowded in there, so I probably should have made reservations, but overall, this place is great! the seafood dishes are a MUST TRY.i love the old school charming hospitality of the maitre'd and servers here.  the food is good depending on what you get, and a standout is the fried artichoke 'rose of sicily' with prosciutto, basil, garlic, olive oil - yum!  my only complaint is that they're a little too quick to take dishes and glasses away before you're done.  if you pause for moment, your plate with disappear!  slow down or at least ask me if i'm done if there's still food on the plate or liquid in my cocktail.  the dining space is small and dimly lit so it's better suited for a date or close conversations than for a group.Made reservations via Open Table at the last minute. Cab driver called his friend cause Vincent's was the friends favorite place. Friend suggested a Mirliton squash based appetizer and any seafood dish, preferably from the first menu page of specials. Place was full but we were seated immediately. Not sure if they even checked for our reservation. Our waiter was also waiting on a very large party in the back room so another waiter and the owner/ manager/host helped him with his tables. Not sure how they all communicated but the service was superb. I ordered as directed by the cabbies friend and enjoyed an outstanding redfish in crabmeat cream sauce. Wife could not decide so owner/manage/host spent a lot of time helping her and they finally custom made a dish for her. She was delighted! 
This is Creole Italian cooking so not your typical Italian food and flavors. Great little place, excellent food and outstanding service. We will go back here next time we are in NOLA.Visiting Tulane, stumbled upon Vincents as it is a short walk/trolley away (about a block or two before, on St Charles). We got there early 4:30, but if you arrive later, I recc reservations; it quickly filled up, and this was a weeknight. It is clearly a local favorite. This is a traditional Italian eatery, the kind in Scenes from an Italian Restaurant, and just the kind you want. Authentic. I felt like I was in Little Italy. The staff are clearly family, whether they are or not in actuality, is unknown; but they acted as if, and as if we were welcome visitors to Sunday gravy dinner, and the coziness and din was as if everyone inside was family together. We felt lucky to have wandered in, and were glad our nearby hotel (The Park View) had had it on its list of nearby eateries. (The Park View is an upscale historic Inn, so they would not have recc just anywhere).
Now for the food: Mamma Mia! This was like the old days, the glory days of authentic Italian menus, not Americanized Italian of now. In addition to traditional favorites (we had lasagne, with authentic sausage etc. vs plain hamburg; Cannelloni with cheese and veal; and Pasta Alfredo with cream so rich, you just know your diet is shot for the week, but you don't care!) prefaced by home made zuppe and insalata, they had suitable pasta/vegetarian options and seafood due to the gulf location. All in the family said our meals were the best ever version that we had had. Be warned however; this is not the bland, boring Americanized chain food Italian. This is the real thing, that you can only find in these hidden gems, getting more and more rare every day as these family places fall due to modernization. Vincent's is not to be missed if you enjoy authentic Italian (hey even on vaca in NOLA, you need a break from Cajun/Creole, hop on the trolley and pop up, worth it!), and if you want a traditional oldschool neighborhood Italian dining experience. It is good for families with older children--little kids may not sit still long enough, you decide, colleagues, couples. Particularly close to Tulane/Loyola, Audubon Park, and Park View Inn. A+Chocolate mousse cake was something I can get at any supermarket. Other than that, delicious. Will come back.UNBELIEVABLE!! Tony you are the man! Best restaurant EVER!! Ambiance, food, and service!! Calamari, fried artichokes with crabmeat and some phenomenal sauce, lemon chill pallet cleanser, cocktails, bottle of vino, shrimp fettuccine, osso bucco, cannelloni, .... Just freakin to die for!!! Love from Texas! We will be back! A must eat!!!The corn and crab chowder might be the best thing I have ever put in my mouth. If I ever get to be on that food network show that is exactly what I will say too. Spending the weekend in New Orleans with the bf was incredible and I think Vincent's was the best part. During the soup course it sounded like we were having a life changing experience. I would call us JV foodies. So winning that accolade is no small feet. 
The restaurant is also very small quaint and romantic. Perfect for us. Candle lit very low background lighting again very romantic. Definitely a place to set the mood. 
We did not drink. Not that we're opposed by any means, but the multiple abitas earlier in the day had got to us. So with two meals eggplant parm and veal with the upgraded soup our tab was only 50 or 55. Very reasonably priced for such good food. PLEASE GO.  Support incredible small businesses like this because its a miracle places like Bravo haven't wiped them off the map. Actually remembering the taste of the crab soup it's not such a miracle. But I will still say a prayer for them tonight.Our evening at Vincent's was a mess from start to finish, esp finish.
We arrived believing we had a reservation (a family member of the owners had forgotten to call to make it) our last night in New Orleans, and were disappointed there wasn't a table.  Okay, not their fault we had to be seated at a small table for two between the main restaurant and the bar, but the food and service didn't make up for the unexpected beginning.   One would think the fact we came because of a family recommendation would have made some sort of difference, but ....
I eat gluten-free and there wasn't much on the menu that wasn't pasta or fried, but the waiter said they could prepare veal piccata without any breading.  Great.  Love veal.   My friend got the eggplant seafood dish.
I took one bite of the veal and it was tough and sinewy.  Tried another bite - ack.  The owner said the veal was always delicious and I invited him to take a bite of it.  He stuck a fork in, picked up a full piece, bit off half and said it was great.  I told him I didn't like it (it was truly awful) and so they took it away.  Later, the owner came back, said he had taken =another= bite and agreed that it wasn't to their standards.  There wasn't much else on the menu for me frankly, but I ordered chicken marsala from the waiter. The owner came back, I said I really did prefer veal and if the veal could be good I'd have the veal marsala.  The waiter within =minutes= brought back a plate with HALF the amount of veal that had been on the veal picata plate, covering maybe 1/3 the plate, swimming in over-salted mushroom sauce, and it was just as bad.  I realized what they had done was bring me back the same veal minus the two tasted pieces, and covered it in marsala sauce.  Not nice.
Out of respect for my friend and our evening (it was her co-worker in another town who was a relative and insisted we go to the family restaurant) decided not to send the food back and make a scene, but honestly it was the worst plate of food I've had in a long time.  I had driven cross-country, CA to NC, and when I say worst plate of food I'm including breakfast at Denny's.
Not only was the food not good and overpriced for what it is, but it deprived me of a really great meal in N.O. - something that is very easy to come by - on our last night no less.
My friend liked her eggplant dish, but this single star is for my food, and the terrible way they handled the fact the dish was to their own admission not to their standards by re-serving of the same veal (half the amount) under a sea of mushroom sauce.    
They should be ashamed.My GF used to live here,and we return every year for Mardi Gras, and was one of her favorite spots. 
Excellent service and food was great. After dinner we went to the bar for a night cap. Again great service. IMHO wine list needs updating and more Italian varietals.I had a celebration dinner here and the food was amazing.  Every single appetizer and entree was perfect.  So tasty.
Wait staff was very attentive.  Place is a bit pricey.Just great food! Soups, salad, escargot, lasagna, wine, music, all the best! Will return.If you are looking for authentic Italian food with Beal that will melt in your mouth then you should check out Vincent's!  Went there with my family and a couple of friends and it was absolutely amazing.   The service was personalized and they were on top of their game.   At the end of the night we were all shocked as to how reasonable it was!  Add it to your New Orleans places to check out.I had the most fantastic meal here for New Years Eve and I was so floored by my wonderful experience, I cannot wait to return. 
NYENOLA17 was rainy to say the least... It was pouring. My boyfriend and I came in and were greeted by the manager who was incredibly swift, efficient and kind in setting us up with a two-top in the back of the restaurant. I was drunk on admiration of the place immediately--candlelit restaurant, soft music, wine storage along the walls in the back, candles on the table.  Ugh, it was to die for. The moment I sat down I looked at my boyfriend and said, "I am SO into this right now."
The server was incredibly kind and he spoke so highly of the kitchen staff and seemed genuinely interested in how our meal was going. We had the bruschetta which was delectable with the best balsamic vinagerette. We also had the caprese salad which had fresh mozzarella (didn't need to even ask, you could just tell) and a simple pasta dish with olive oil and garlic that we split between us. It sounds corny but the whole experience was like a premium symphony and it made me so thankful to live in a city where a place like this exists. 
In short, go! I cannot wait to return with my family or on the next special occasion (or rainy night)...Love the food!  If you're looking for a nice date night spot in Uptown, we would recommend Vincent's.  If you're celebrating - let the staff know and they will help to make it special.There are a few places in town that give me that pre-Katrina NOLA vibe, & Vincent's is absolutely one of those spots.  In addition to Audubon Park, the Oak trees, Langenstein's, Prytania Theatre, & access to the streetcar, it's one of my favorite reasons to live Uptown.
Here's why Vincent's will always be my default Italian restaurant - &, let's face it, favorite restaurant - in the city:
*Absence of Pretense - this is a huge one.  You can be in formal wear, corduroys, or cutoff jeans, & you are absolutely welcome here.  This is a huge plus for me.
*Ambience - This place is not for the claustrophobic.  The tables are virtually on top of one another, & the skillful waitstaff somehow navigate the tight space to give everyone the attention they deserve.  The lighting is pleasantly low, making it conducive to date nights.  I also love how chatty it gets without being overwhelmingly loud.
*Local - A true neighborhood restaurant, you will often find regulars from the area coming in & getting hugs from the staff before being accommodated.  So old-school New Orleans & I love that.
*Great Food - DELICIOUS complimentary Soup & Bread/Butter, sublime Gelato options from Angelo Brocato, some of the best Lasagna I've ever had in a restaurant, etc., etc. etc.  Total comfort food.
*Top-Notch Service - Reservation or not, these guys will happily try to fit you into their jam-packed house & dote on you the entire time you're here.  They're very sweet.
*Reasonable Prices - Menu items can typically accommodate most budgets, but if you do splurge, you definitely get what you pay for (both in quality & quantity).
I love you, Vincent's.  I would not change one thing about you & will continue to suggest you to out-of-towners for an authentic NOLA experience.  Thank you for filling my belly & my heart every time I find myself at your sweet little spot.We really want to find a great Italian place in New Orleans, and Vincent's isn't it. I enjoyed the atmosphere, even though it was pretty toasty. I don't know if it was just because it was pretty busy or if the A/C was broken, but it isn't the best feeling to sweat while you're eating your meatballs. Breadsticks look cute on the table, but they were flavorless and it was very strange to get butter for dipping. Crackers in butter, not so much. Service was mediocre. Our appetizer and salads were timed well, but it to for-ever to get our entrees, and when our entrees did arrive, the waiter didn't check back - like at all - and after my first bite all I could think was, I am not wasting my macros on that. I got the Parmesan chicken and it was not good. One, frozen creamed spinach is probably better. Two, there was some broccoli mystery on a side plate with a handful of noodles that appeared to have a bechamel sauce on them. The broccoli was awful and the noodles were soggy. (I'm an al dente girl.) The chicken was supposed to be Parmesan crusted, not, and covered in a champagne buerre blanc. I have always known this to be a white butter sauce, it was not. It was brown with chunks. I switched out for spaghetti and meatballs, and it was alright. However, the server said, the kitchen wants to know what you don't like about it. It took everything I had not to say, you can read about it in the paper. (I mean I had been sitting there with no food for a while my husband ate, and it was the bartender who brought my husband his beer who said you don't like your food?) Anyway, hubby got the veal and he enjoyed it. The bottom line - the total bill was $130 before tip, we both left with sweat on our backs, and feeling unsatisfied. I feel partly responsible for not ordering one of the "Parmesan" family, since that is what everyone talks about on yelp, but I still won't go back or wouldn't recommend to anyone else. (To Vincent's kitchen, go try the Chicken Christopher and creamed spinach at Morton's steakhouse and you will know why I sent my food back.)My super picky Midwestern family had just gotten into town, and they won't eat anything remotely "weird" (i.e., Cajun food). I had a half marathon the next day and needed something carb-heavy. Enter Vincent's, which was able to make everyone happy. My lasagna was some of the best I've had. My husband's pasta with olive oil and garlic was perfect, so simple, but so good. My dad and brother both seemed happy with their chicken parmigiana. My mom's garlic chicken was really good too, though more garlicky than expected. There must have been a whole head of garlic on there, which I think was a bit much for her, but I absolutely loved it. Oh, and their salad that came with it was also quite good. As someone who loves blue cheese and hates creamy dressings, I thought the blue cheese vinaigrette was a brilliant idea. If you feel like you need a break from the more typical New Orleans style food, this is a great place to check out.