Great atmosphere and good food, just not the most generous portions. 
Everyone working there is very nice however, they seem to be a bit unorganized. Don't go if you're in a rush because if there's a lot going on when you order, you may be waiting a minute. 
There is outside seating that looks dog-friendly and separate seating in the back that looks like it could accommodate very large parties.My husband placed a take out order here since it was right near our hotel. They were extremely slow and the food was way over priced. Do not expect to get full here for less than $15/person. We ordered the shrimp po' boy and the barbecue shrimp. The shrimp po' boy was the smallest I've ever had and mostly consisted of shredded lettuce. The pickled cucumbers were good but there were only two of them. The shrimp were small and tasteless. It's a good thing we took home some of their barbecue and hot sauce, because these suckers were dry.  
The most disappointing experience was the bbq shrimp. The flavor was good, though a little to salty. That being said, it came in a tiny plastic take out container with no more than 20 small shrimp inside (not jumbo as advertised). They did not give us the French bread to dip in the sauce, which everyone knows is pretty important with barbecue shrimp! That "entree" was $10 and I went to bed hungry. 
I would never recommend this place to anyone and will never return. I would have been more satisfied going to the Popeyes across the street.had high expectations for bbq in the deep south.  can't say it was bad but just not to my liking.  ribs were on the dry side.  pulled pork was ok but not too flavorful.  beans were too sweet.  collards were ok but a little too salty.
service is very good and staff very friendly.  nice lively laid back place for a group of friends.I like going here.  Not only is it not too far from my office, the food is pretty good.  I get the brisket with mac and cheese and corn pudding.  I love the corn pudding.  
The BBQ isn't Memphis or Texas but for regular BBQ it's good.  Their catering is great as well.The food is decent, service I actually liked, but it was nothing special. We had a brisket sandwich, fries, mac & cheese, corn pudding and quarter chicken, with brownies for dessert. The brownie in particular left something to be desired. I did like the mac & cheese and the chicken, but the corn pudding seemed oily. 
Then again, I'm a spoiled Texan when it comes to barbecue and its fixins :)Great BBQ place. My wife and I loved the flavors. The mix of meats etc were amazing. I would recommend checking this place out. They won a best BBQ in New Orleans back in 2008 but I felt they still had it. 
Could have been a little cleaner was the only negative.Been here before several times and loved it. This time the lady that brought our food to the table was a little rude. My daughter ordered the shrimp poboy and it was very delicious but the jerk chicken plate was horribly dry!!! Disappointed this go round but not totally against trying it again because i've enjoyed so much in the past!!!!We were in NOLA for a cheer competition and a friend recommended VooDoo BBQ as a must try!  
I'm sure glad we took her up in her recommendation.   The smells as you walked in left your mouthwatering. They did not disappoint.  The ribs were tender and fell off the bone. The flavor from the pulled pork is the best I have tasted (note I grew up in Iowa).  The Mac and Cheese is like grandmas. 
The service was friendly and quick for bringing in a group of 10. 
I will be going back my next trip to NOLAPerfectly tender ribs and pulled pork with just the right amount of smoke on the meat.  We asked for "the ultimate voodoo experience" and we're guided to the voodoo platter; two meats and two individual sides.  
Extremely friendly staff and GREAT food.The food is very good.   But they didn't have any meat with bone in it. They had several different bbq sauces From hot to cane flavored sauce.
The service was great and they have a lot of patients while your trying to make a decision on what you would like to order. They offer you water while your waiting for your take out.  
I used my yelp check- in and received free bread pudding which my adult daughter stated it was good.  She was like "I never ate anything like this it's good mom,"  I said, "I am happy you enjoyed it."  ( since I didn't get to taste it.) Lolloved the food, the BBQ sauce was awesome, the sweet potato soufflé was delicious and all the meats were on point. would eat every day if I could.Saw a banner ad that said "VOODOO BBQ My Lunch Time Ritual"  thought that was clever I will give it a shot.  
BOY was I glad I did.  It was superb...better than I anticipated.  The meats are really good, but the real differentiator in my opinion are all of the clever side dishes like GRIS GRIS greens and corn pudding.  You just don't typically find these in a bbq joint.  
The service was friendly and quick.  They had some cool t shirts but I did not buy any this time as they were out of my size.
Love it.  Can't wait to go back on my next trip to NOLAI chose the Carolina Pork sandwich. The meat was cooked perfectly, but every time I eat here, the meat always needs sauce and the bread always seems to soak it up first. Good thing they have three yummmy sauces to choose from! The tangy sauce is vinegary, the mojo is bbq basic, and the mango crystal all of the above with a kick. Certainly my favorite fast/casual dining spot in town.The food was good for a quick meal.  Nice flavors, nothing fancy.This has to be the best Cajun food I've ever had. The location is easy to access and I love the staff. The food is the best I've had in weeks!! They also so hospitable when they found out we are hurricane refugees and then we got free dessert!!!!!!All I can tell you is that pulled pork is off the chain. It was not dry or tasted like day old food. Their service is commendable, we ordered for a function one time and we had food missing, but they had someone deliver and bring extras. How phat is that????
The mac and cheese is wonderful side to go with your pulled pork. There are a variety of sauces on the table and a roll of towels for you when you dine in.
Dont be afraid of a little bit of Voodoo BBQ.
Parking is offstreet, cash and credit accepted, large parties are encouraged to come.Leave the French Quarter. Get away from beloved Frenchmen. Hop on the St. Charles streetcar, and come to Voodoo BBQ & Grill!
We accidentally stumbled upon this place while we were in the area. It was raining, we didn't want to head back just yet, and we were hungry. I'll admit, from the outside it didn't look like much. Go to the counter, order your grub, get a number, sit down and wait. But the fact it was crowded on a rainy day in a part of NOLA that isn't THAT great, was a sign it was good.
The banner said they were voted the best BBQ in New Orleans. After a disappointing po' boy I was pleased to see they offered po' boys themselves. They had plenty to choose from: pulled chicken, pulled pork, BBQ chicken, beef, shrimp, the list goes on and on. I opted for a BBQ chicken with the sauce already on (they also offer a variety of their own sauces at each table). They have a basic selection of beers both on tap and in bottles, as well as fountain drinks. I was happy they had plenty of diet sodas to choose from since I was beer'd out from the night before. 
We grabbed a table in the back (this place is massive and offers seating up front, at the bar, and in a large space in the back). That was damp so we moved to the bar, which was nice and warm. The bar didn't have a bartender on staff but it was 1PM so I'm sure they use that moreso at night. Our food came out relatively quick. Everything we had was delicious! Truly the best po' boy I've had in New Orleans thus far. Their BBQ sauces are perfect, the bread is toasted just right, and the chicken was amazing. One of us got another po' boy because it was just that good. 
A bit off the beaten path but definitely worth the $1.25 trip on the streetcar (come on, that's cheaper than NY!).This place is great. My fiance and I have eaten at the Voodoo in the Walmart in Harrahan and it was awful but we wanted BBQ so we decided to give this location a try. The staff were friendly and wonderful and the food was great especially for 'fast food'. I have the roasted chicken and jerk chicken plate with greens and veggies. Although the jerk chicken sauce came on the side it was side good. All items were full of flavor. Jerry, my fiance, opted for the brisket and pull pork. The brisket was he favorite.  All sauce flavors come on the side so everyone can get the flavor they love. I (we) will definitely be going back again.The BBQ here is damn good. I enjoy eating here every time I visit New Orleans. You can't go wrong here.I do believe I live with the world's best BBQer this side of the Mississippi so it's hard to impress me when it comes to BBQ. This said Voodoo BBQ wasn't bad. I thought that the meat was a bit dry but I liked the variety of sauces that were offered. The beer was free the night that I went so that was a major plus.Our first taste of New Orleans was this neighborhood gem. Casual with a local vibe. Comfort food to die for - the bbq shrimp was suprising and amazing....and we sopped up every last drop of the sauce with the fresh french bread. Sweet potato suffle was also a winner. Mac and cheese was average but all was forgiven because the beer is cold! We will go back again before we leave.We tried this place for some authentic BBQ, and chose it based on reviews.  It did not disappoint!  We came to NOLA to eat, and didn't repeat any meals except this one.  Everyone is friendly,  the food was great all around, and we left with complimentary bread pudding.  We tried several items over 2 visits, and loved each one. 
 My only suggestion? Expand delivery to Sacramento!We were looking for something local and cheap!!  We were not disappointed!  We both ordered the Friday Special- Spicy Shrimp PoBoy. There was a good amount of shrimp and it was fresh and crispy. I got a side of sweet potato soufflé and my sister got jambalaya. Both sides very tasty!  We also shared the bread pudding (for free - thanks Yelp!!!) would definitely come back!The mac and cheese and corn dressing were good.  The meats where delivered luke warm.  The chicken was decent.Restaurant food at subway prices . Cheap alcohol drinks too . Louisiana grill. Pleasant staff .Came here yesterday with co workers for the $2.00 Tuesday pork sandwiches.  My complaint always with bbq is that it is never fresh and hot.  The bbq sauces were blah...They need new ones.  The floor was so slippery.  That is an accident waiting to happen.  The side I got was mac and cheese.  Ridiculously priced $2.69 for maybe maybe a spoon and a half full....I will not return!Visited on 7/9/15.
Being from Texas, we had to try BBQ on our first visit to NOLA since it was a short walk from our hotel.  
Staff was friendly and when I asked the young lady behind the counter as to what flavors the frozen drinks were she told me then suggested getting them mixed together - which I did and it was perfect for the hot weather!
My dining partner had the sliced brisket, corn pudding and sweet potato souffle.  I had the baked potato with pulled pork.  We loved it all!
We sat in the bar area and had it all to ourselves so we had a chance to be 'touristy' and look around at the old architectural detail of this restaurant.  Very unique indeed!Delicious ribs and the corn bread is fantastic! It was moist and not crumbly. The bread pudding is huge and really good!Disclaimer:  I haven't actually had the BBQ.
Every couple of weeks when I get a hankering for a burger I'll walk down to this place and grab one.  While it's probably not worth a drive, if you happen to be in the neighborhood then it's worth a try.  It's only slightly more expensive (and much better quality) than the Burger King across the street.  Assuming you are getting it to go, that is.The BBQ was good not great. The sauces were spicy good and the beer was cold. The atmosphere was causal as would be expected being attached to hotel. The service was excellent. We also gumbo and french fries which was spicy and hot, respectively. All in all not a bad meal for the cost.Wow saw these place in diners drive-inns and dives. I am so glad I stopped in to eat because the brisket is awesome, jerk chicken was on point and the mojo sauce was just fantastique! I'll definitely be back again!The food is just aiight I guess...way too much playing around at the register if u ask me..but it's ok for the money. I like the dry ribs and the Mac is a bit dry but like I said it's ok for the money. The bread pudding is the bomb tho. No lie!It is a long and stupid story about how I got dragged here, but I'll sum it up: I am a nice friend. 
So Vegetarian Suz and friend arrive at Voodoo. It's 9p on a Thursday night. The NOPD has taken up half of the front room, and they would be eye candy if I were in the market for dudes. (So this is probably good.) 
Friend and I try to figure what to eat by squinting at the menu board above the counter. Wait, menu board? This place doesn't have table service? WHAT?!? 
Problem #1: Voodoo is camped out on St. Charles, in a Nice Neighborhood™. This is primo real estate. People in this neighborhood will overpay for just about anything, just because it's a Nice Neighborhood™. But Voodoo has a menu board and no table service? No. If you are going to charge St. Charles prices (and they do) in the LGD (because they are), then you need table service. Or lower prices. Or both. 
So we're squinting at the menu board, trying to find things that Vegetarian Suz can consume. We've been at it for about 30 seconds, and we're standing over in the corner, out of the way and away from the register so we can figure out our order before bothering the counter girl. The counter girl, however, has begun bothering us. 
Problem #2: Someone went to a cheap management course and decided that staff at Voodoo need to be PROACTIVE!!!!! in their customer service. Which led to the counter girl yelling at us from 10 feet away, asking if we wanted our food for here or to-go. When we told her that we had no idea what we were going to order, she made a pinch face at us. Instead of yelling across the room to get our order, she should have waited until we approached her. Lay off the coffee juice, lady. 
Okay. We know what we're going to eat now, and we try to order. Try being the operative word. First, the girl doesn't know if the potato salad has bacon in it (yes). Nor does she even ask. Then she doesn't ask friend about the white vs. dark meat chicken thing. Instead, the cook yells--from the kitchen--about it. Does friend want white or dark meat? Friend doesn't care. Cook thinks this is odd. Friend doesn't care; friend wants chicken instead of awkward conversation about chicken. Why isn't the counter girl having this conversation with friend, re: chicken? Because of...
Problem #3: The counter girl didn't finish dealing with her previous customers before taking our order. So while another couple was kicking up a fuss at not getting enough brisket ("I ORDERED HALF A POUND OF BRISKET!"), counter girl was transfixed and ignoring us. For someone who was so interested in "customer service" two minutes ago, this is a swift and unexpected change. 
So we get to watch the unfolding soap opera about brisket that involves two customers, the manager, and the counter girl. No cups. No little number-on-a-stick. I finally ask for them, receive cups and number-on-a-stick, and retreat to the drink machine. While at the drink machine, another nice young woman approaches friend and I with our food. Would we like it here, at the drink machine? (No, you dipshit, we would like to sit in chairs.) So the food beats us to our table. This is probably a good thing. 
The food itself wasn't too bad, but I'm pretty sure the potato salad had bacon in it. (Two bites left me with a tummy ache.) The fries and garlic bread were both top notch, and friend reports that her chicken was worth at least four stars. 
Voodoo reminds me of those trust-fund hipster kids...I'm sure you know the type: ratty clothes in cheap, dingy apartments swilling PBR and bemoaning the demise of their favorite dive bar while getting a four-figure allowance every month from daddy's accountants. 
Accessibility notes: Dining rooms are accessible for mobility devices, but the bar is a step up. No braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours  so potential difficulties for hard-of-hearing customers.This place is AMAZING!! A must do when in the Big Easy. Pulled Pork is insanely good and the pulled pork is heaven. Eat here or kiss outIt was ok. Had the fried shrimp (too salty) but the corn pudding was delicious. Service was excellent. Very convenient to my hotel. I've been before and had BBQ which was VERY good, which is why they get a 3 star. I'd go again.I haven't been back to the Big Easy for a couple years, but I can't wait. And whenever I go, first stop is always Voodoo! Whether you are a carnivore or omnivore (if you are neither, stop reading), this place is for you. Delicious bbq chicken and meats of all varieties (I always have the chicken so am speculating on the latter!) They put a big roll of paper towels on the table, too, which is thoughtful. Voodoo boasts the typical NOLA charm you'll become addicted to. The casual setting is fun. The picnic-style tables inspire an animated, kick-back evening.Fun spot.  Stopped by for lunch while on vacation with friends. The food was good, and the menu has enough selection to make our group of picky eaters happy.  The staff was friendly and the place was comfortable for an informal meal before heading out to play tourist for the rest of the day.Eh. the amount of BBQ you get is definitely relative to the price you pay. My husband got a sandwich with the smallest amount of meat I've ever seen on a sandwich. Sauces were fine, not great. Voodoo chips were good but didn't get those until my husband was done with his sandwich. Rice and beans were really good & the free bread pudding you get when you check in was phenomenal but nothing was worth returning for in my opinion.not memorable..except for a major issue they have with bread portions....like it is gold or something. and the counter people don't know how to deal with problems and refuse to acknowledge that they are wrong.
moving on.The ribs were sub par.  The chicken was good.  The staff were not super friendly or helpful.  The eating area is super warm.Best potato salad I've ever had, hands down. 
Good BBQ sauce too. 
Service was casual but friendly.Visit: May 3
This was our 2nd choice to dine after 9pm, as we were disappointed with the Irish pub across the street.  We enjoyed deliciously seasoned ribs, a good beer selection and it was walking distance from our hotel in the garden district.  By the looks of the other reviews they may need to improve however for our NOLA visit, it was OK.  Thanks VooDoo.Ooh yeah! Flappers is tasty. I like everything here except service!Voodoo is great! During my stay in NOLA I would frequent this place for the good BBQ and the giant salads. Very consistent and tasty ;)Ok Boy isn't much of one.  Great sausage but it's that and a bun.  Expected a bit more than that.  Red beans & rice is decent.  Inexpensive menu and good food.  Just need a little extra.Went there on sunday and had the voodoo burger and it was like any other burger out there but with no taste. Tried ordering some bread pudding but they were out. I returned on Monday to have some ribs and guess what?! THEY WERE OUT OF RIBS!!!!! That's like Pizza Hut running out of pizza!!!! I had the chicken gumbo and it was good. I tried ordering the bread pudding AGAIN but they didn't have any!!!!  The manager said that the shipment would arrive today. Shipment?!?!!!?!?? Wait, they ship their bread pudding?!?!? Thanks but I'll pass. Really not impressed at all with this place. And now that I found out that it's a chain, forget it. There are other places like, KFC who have more flavor and guess what, they don't run out of things that they are suppose to have.Is this the BEST BBQ NOLA has to offer?  REALLY!  
I had to guard my plate for persistent flies in the dining area.  On the way to the restroom I found an impromptu preparation area for slicing onions.  This prep area was open to the elements the restrooms and the passing guests.  However it was also the lunch/dining area for  the staff who were happily eating and licking their fingers while preparing food.  
The waiters were rude and the are was unclean. 
The friend I went with SWORE this was amazing BBQ and I saw local awards on the wall for Best BBQ.  Boy was my friend and the local paper wrong.  Even thought it was lunch rush time the BBQ was dry and tough.  You had to choose one of the 3 sauces to wet the meat enough to go down.  I was sad to see the portion at this BBQ joint and that no sides were included in the inflated price.  
Never again and the hunt continues for some decent BBQEnjoyed our food. We got the pulled pork and sliced brisket.  Both had great flavor and were moist.  We didn't even use BBQ sauce, just enjoyed the flavor. The greens had good flavor and the sweet tea was awesome!My burger took a long time to prepare. It's understandable considering I wanted it well-done. But it was still pink when I bit into it. It was good, however, I wanted it well-done. Thankfully, they did recook it for me.As a regular, its expected to have the same experience each time. But i am not that foolhardy to actually believe this can happen. Corporate has eliminated the garlic toast. They only serve hard dry cornbread squares. If you orde the primerib french dip. It will be quite a disappointing experience. The menu does not specify that this sandwich is dressed with very strong horseradish sauce. Its literally smothered in piles of fried onions. If you pick it apart to find the primerib, its a small pile of scraps, probably from the carving table.The pulled pork is delicious!!! It's soft, moist and seasoned perfectly. Their BBQ sauces are great as well, both of them! We got two sides and a biscuit and that was more than enough to share between 2 adults. The corn pudding!!! Omg what a treat! It goes perfect with the tangy-ness of the pulled pork BBQ sauce and the Mac and cheese was creamy and very cheesy.
I also tried a Mardi Gras Po boy the next day but unfortunately was not as impressed. Overall, place is great for a quick eat.Great BBQ place. Cheap food. Cheap beers on tap. Sold me a $1 shooter. It tasted awful, but it was definitely in the spirit of what I was going for on my New Orleans vacation.I don't eat here too often, but when I was a Tulane student, VooDoo BBQ catered events there all the time. And those silver platters of food were devoured in seconds (although admittedly it may not be because of quality -- college students are hungry and love a free meal). I believe they are pretty reasonably priced, as well, so if you need to cater a casual event, this is an excellent pick.
I don't eat their meat or sandwiches very often, but I must say -- I love their sides. Give me cups of their corn pudding (almost like a mushy corn bread, moist and delicious), macaroni and cheese (indulgently cheesy), and rattlesnake beans (seasoned excellently and maybe a tiny bit spicy), and I'll be your new best friend.Had the jerk chicken with bbq jambalaya and gumbo. The jerk sauce has a kick to it, jambalaya was on point, gumbo was just sauce and white rice topped with chives. It lacked sausage and shrimp. Got a FREE bread pudding for checking-in on Yelp! Will def stop by again on next visit to NOLA :).Had the gravedigger with brisket and 1/2 chicken, loved the corn pudding and the voodoo greens.Food is good here but the women that work here are purposely rude. There was one lady who was new who seemed nice. They must not have schooled her yet on how to be rude to tourists. Shame on you Voodo Bbq, customers are the reasons you have a job!Meh. Food was just okay. BBQ sauce was great but our meats were dry. Atmosphere felt cheap and the place wasn't the cleanest. Employee at cash register and bartender were both on their phones when they weren't serving customers.Great BBQ.  I'm from Texas -  I know BBQ.  Though this isn't the Texas variety I'm accustomed to, the meat was great and the sauces innovative.  The brisket is more of a standout than the pulled pork and sausage.  The corn pudding, a very moist cornbread, was delicious.
Remember, there's more seating and a pool table in the back.Came here on Easter... because of the holiday, they were out of a lot but servers were warm, funny, and made our huge party feel welcome! Food was great, just what we needed!We loved this place while visiting. Nice comfortable feel. Good food. Great artwork and choice of food. Just go there. You won't be disappointed.Outstanding BBQ and southern food. Must try the sausage and Gris a Gris Greens. Very friendly service, fair prices and fun atmosphere. 
Pass on the Daiquiris in favor of one of the many local beers on tap.Awesome BBQ! I got the pulled pork, beans and greens! It was amazing and the mango habanero sauce has just enough kick. The owner came by and was very nice, he's from the West Coast and should bring this franchise back over here. -1 one star because the restaurant was clearly understaffed and I'm scared some food quality could have been compromised b/c of rushed staff.This place is kind of lame. It lacks the typical BBQ experience. It also is kind of like BBQ turned into fast food. Which is just very disconcerting to me. That being said its fairly inexpensive and will fill your stomach. Its also not that bad tasting. Overall its kind of just an average place to me. I'd go back again, but only if I'm near by, or tagging along with others. It hasn't decent sweet tea though.The staff is nice. The sweet tea is very good. However, I didn't like the food at all. The pulled pork was charred and hard. I was only able to eat about half of my pork because it was so burned and hard that I couldn't chew it. It was also served cold which was a shock. They were out of coleslaw which was also surprising for a bbq joint. I ordered a side of sweet potato casserole and it was very disappointing. I have heard that New Orleans has amazing food, but if this restaurant was a reflection of New Orleans food then I would disagree that New Orleans has great food. There was also a homeless guy asleep right outside the door on the sidewalk. Not a great welcoming sight.Unbelievable....the sides are incredible and the carnival has everything you need. Great service as well.Great BBQ !! Wonderful meats, all perfectly prepared.  The three sauces were fully explained by the staff before we dove into the 3 meat - (pulled pork, brisket, smoked chicken) platter with yummy sides- corn pudding, jumbalaya, red beans and rice,  and gumbo- amazing!!! Then with our check in we had bread pudding for dessert- scrumptiousIf ya down for some good tastin' and reasonable Louisiana home-cookin' dis is da place y'all! The food is great! No frills surroundings. Had the Slow Cooked Pulled Pork and Cajun Smoked Sausage platters with beans and corn pudding along with a Texas toast. YUM! 
Prices are also very reasonable. Just walk in, order at the counter, sit at a table and the food's out in a jiffy. The place is quite big, which you wouldn't guess from the front, with many rooms and a courtyard sitting area where you can smoke at the same time as you down a brewski and suck down a delicious home-cooked meal. They have a full bar as well with 4 kinds of beer on tap and another dozen bottled selections.
Highly recommended!Now a cab driver recommended this place while we where on our way to another BBQ-place. So we tried it out. I had the chicken leg meat, ribs and a sweet potatoe soufflé. Now the potatoe was no soufflé, it was good but it was mashed sweet potatoes with brown sugar and butter. Now the ribs and chicken where good but it really wasn't a big sized portion. And when you're visiting the U.S .you don't expect someone to have to order another portion just to quench your hunger (and this is no 400-pound beast but a 190-pound man). 
Would i revisit - NoLooking to cater an event? Look no further. "Lane" is the man to trust for all your bbq needs. I had 30 hungry high school kids. We worked on a great menu that pleased everyone. Price is reasonable. Food was fantastic. Order 2x the Mac and cheese . . . It's that good. Get a sweet potato soufflé for yourself! Yum!!! Always room for the best pan of brownies I've had in ages. Professional, punctual, reliable, and delicious. You will be so glad you called them to cater your event.Visiting NO figured we'd try it. Ordered the graveyard with greens & sweet potato souffle to share with my husband. Wow. Finished it off lickity split & ordered another one.  Great service great foodI had the pull pork, and chicken as far as the food, I think the chicken was quite dry even the fact they gave me dark meat and I ordered white, the pull pork was amazing. The mac n cheese was good, I didn't care for the potato salad much, overall it was okFood is super good. A little salty for my taste but worth every penny. The staff was friendly and fast. I would say the bbq is the second best I've every had with the first being my wife's ribs. In a city that specializes in seafood it was nice to have some awesome bbq.Wanted some great BBQ and wasn't disappointed. I walked in and was immediately greeted by a friendly staff member who asked if I wanted anything to drink while I waited for my friend to show up. A glass of sweet tea later, we were asked if we wanted to sit at the nice bar in back, which we did. Really enjoyed our bartender, whose name I don't recall, but who spoke of his backpacking through Utah and his new puppy. A bluberry vodka and sprite later, our food came out and boy was it good. 
Ribs with a pecan marinade were juicy and tender, as well as the BBQ chicken, steamed veggies with butter, and a savory corn pudding. If I'd have had room, the bread pudding would have been ordered, but alas, I was stuffed. 
If you're staying in the French Quarter or downtown, take the St. Charles street car ($1.25 each way), which drops you off right in front of the restaurant.When we arrived, they didn't have any ribs, potato salad, french fries, jambalaya, or gumbo.  So we left!I was very disappointed with my rib and chicken plate which was the special on Wednesday.
The person that took my order said that the ribs would be 15 minuets. I said i woud wait. She said it again. I said Id wait.
Think these ribs would be hot off the grill and tender and tasty. Huh was not. No flavor of smoke nor seasonings
Now as of the chicken. The chicken was not seasoned at all. So sad to say the worst meal for15 bucks
Oh even the steamed veggies gawd aweful not fresh at all and over cooeked
If it hadn't been for the cornbread well it was good and the only thing I could eat
Will not be returningblech. my jerk chicken was way over-processed. no chicken breast in sight. my dining partner's ribs were also over-priced and nasty. forget about it.Had the Brisket Po Boy, corn pudding and a draft. Brisket was tender but dry and lacked flavor. Roll was very good and Corn pudding  although decent was not worth the $2.49. Since you order and pay at the counter before you sit down you don't see the free corn pudding till it is too late. Total cost of meal $14.25 before tip.....
  I have lived in Memphis, NC, MS and worked in TX, Kansas city and St Louis... So I know BBQ. This was definitely lacking (at least what I had). The sauces were no great. The traditional was iff the shelf with too much heat added.  The other 2 missed the mark as well. 
  The counter help seemed pleasant but didn't go out of their way to assist or clarify.  
  All in all it was OK but I don't see my self stopping in again. Will go to the other fine restaurants in the areaAbita Amber (on tap), pulled pork, mac n cheese, greens and texas toast.  The lunch of champions as far as I'm concerned.
BBQ is hard to categorize or rate.  Often it gets so much hype ("this is THE BEST bbq you WILL EVER EAT IN YOUR LIFE") that it's impossible to live up to it.
Walking in off the street starving looking for a good lunch might be the ideal way to approach it.  Hey this place looks good, they have paper towels on the tables, thats a good sign.  Etc.  Welcome to Voodooquick fast food BBQ joint -- ordered the half rack ribs which were so tender, flavorful, falling off the ribs good!  they slow cooked them for about 18 hours and rather than dousing them in BBQ sauce, Voodoo BBQ adds in their own dry spices and rubs.  very warm and friendly wait staff as well.  The ribs came with two side dishes -- we chose potato salad and rattlesnake beans which were better than anything we've tasted before of these basic sides.  We licked the plate clean it was so good!  Potato salad was seasoned well and beans were swimming in this wonderful sugary sauce.  
A must return back when I'm in New Orleans Garden District again!!Not the best BBQ ever but decent. The meat is only so-so. The sauces are decent. My husband likes there vinegar based sauce alot but I'm more of a sweet BBQ sauce fan and it was lacking. Don't expect anything fancy... It's not the cleanest nicest place ever but it's the best we have found here in Nola so far.Tried to order for 5 people and the counter person called someone to come up to the front and then I was told that they close in an hour!Very friendly staff. Full liquor bar. $2 Tuesday and $2 Thursday sandwich special.  They have white and wheat bun selection. Three flavors of sauce.  I like the tangy, vinegar sauces, and they have it on the table. Fountain serve sodas and Lussiane(?) fresh brewed tea.The pulled pork and ribs are amazing! I got corn pudding as a side and it did not disappoint.  My chicken was on the dry side but that was the only downfall of my meal. The service was good and my food was quick to arrive.Very friendly service.  Great corn pudding.  Pulled pork was amazing.  Their carnival meat had to much sauceThe pulled pork was worth stopping in for. The Louisiana sausage was nothing to write home about. Definitely try the Mac-and-cheese, pass on the greens.It's quick, it's casual, and it's a pretty good chain restaurant.  The pulled pork was surprisingly good and fairly smoky though I suspect it was artificial smoke.  The mac & cheese was bland & uninspired and the corn pudding was pretty good but certainly not worth going out of your way for.  Overall, if you're in the neighborhood it's a nice option and I'll definitely be back to try various other options such as brisket as well as an interesting sounding sweet potato souffle.Tried their pulled pork BBQ last night. I liked my sandwich and the $2 Tuesday price. I saw a cane soda as I left. I liked the taste.I went mostly because it was close to my hotel after flying in. Service was great and fast. Food was good, although not spectacular. Had the red beans and rice special with sausage with the BBQ Jambalaya. Would recommend for a quick bite, especially if the location is convenient, but not a place that you should go out of your way to visit.Food is pretty amazing. Definitely Feel the southern hospitality. Ribs were awesome and you gotta try their corn bread. Overall Good place!I go the fried shrimp po boy with a side of gumbo and sweet tea.  The food was good, but nothing special for New Orleans and the sweet tea was definitely nothing to write home about.  The women working behind the counter were super friendly though!Voodoo BBQ is everything a BBQ place should be ... Casual, clean, awesome friendly service and great food!
DDD definitely pegged this place right.  I had the ribs with Mac & cheese and the corn pudding.  As others have said, the corn pudding is great.  I thought the Mac & cheese was a bit bland but it was good.  The ribs were amazing ... Great smoky flavor, moist and tender and the meat literally fell off the bone when I picked them up.
Kevin had the same sides with the "Graveyard" BBQ pulled pork and brisket.  Both meats were nice and smoky, tender and delicious.
Of course, we had to try the bread pudding for dessert and it was one of the better ones we have had while here.  Light and tasty with just the right sweetness.
Definitely on our list to return to!Carly at Voodoo BBQ & Grill is the absolute B E S T. 
Really though, this place has really great food and Carly offers the type of customer service you always hope you get. If you don't come here then you're only hurting yourself.Sorry, but I wasn't impressed with the BBQ here. The meat wasn't particularly tender the sauce didn't have the bite that I was told it had. Maybe I caught them on a bad day or I've just gotten used to awesome BBQ in central TexasSingle handedly THE best BBQ I've had. I could live here! I got the pulled pork and brisket.Found this place because of their flashy sign. The signs better than the BBQ. The pulled pork is bland. The brisket is good but not great. I tried the sweet potato souffle and it was great. The coleslaw was ok.Food was good and the location to our hotel was just outside our door almost. I would eat here again if I was back in that neck of the woods so to speak.After 45 mins of waiting in line, we finally were being asked what to order. The cashier was rude. We only over heard they were out of fries, but then when we tried to get Mac n cheese, they were out of that too. We asked what they had left and were given 4 side options out of 10 or 12 total on the menu. We finally decided to leave. Should have left 15 minutes into waiting to try and order. Will never return.I've been in New Orleans for three years now and its time to look back on my first experiences with Voodoo BBQ.  A five star review?  What was I smoking??  It was a reflection of my insatiable appetite for BBQ that I hadn't had satisfied since leaving Texas.  Voodoo BBQ seemed to be an oasis, a heaven on earth for meat eaters.  Turns out I was just missing the BBQ real bad.  They could have fed me a leather boot covered in BBQ sauce and I probably would have rated it a 4.
Now for a more critical review:
Voodoo's brisket is the best I've had in New Orleans, but by Texas/national standards, its mediocre at best.  The pulled pork is much better.  The sauces overall are where its at.  The corn pudding is pretty darn good.  Sweet tea used to be much better before they switched to French Market tea.
I'll return because its convenient right on St. Charles Ave, but I'll still miss my texas 'cue as I shovel some voodoo bbq into my pie hole.We actually came here twice during our vacation. The second time we brought our friends and they LOVED it! The first time I had the fried shrimp loaded baked potato and a side of the corn pudding. It was yummy, although my potato was missing the bacon. The second time I had the pulled pork platter with Mac and cheese and corn pudding. It was delicious! Do not miss the corn pudding! The white chocolate bread pudding for dessert was out of this world!!! Great place!I had the pulled pork sammy on wheat and my man had ribs.  We've had a lot of good bbq, but none was this tasty for this price.  I highly recommend the spicy bbq sauce, adds a little kick to anything you're eating.  The platters are a hefty amt of food, so bring the appropriate appetite.Déjà juste le check in sur Yelp vaut grave le coup, on a une part immense de bread pudding au chocolat blanc, largement assez pour deux personnes!
Au menu différentes viandes au BBQ avec des accompagnements, on a pris un plateau trois viandes avec des beans et un soufflé au patates douces avec un pain au maïs le tout pour 17 dollars.
Service hyper sympa et commercial (distribution de petits desserts, cartes pour un dessert ou un accompagnement gratuit pour une prochaine visite).
Toutes les viandes sont bonnes avec une préférence pour le pulled porc et très bien aucune sauce dessus pour ceux comme moi allergique à la sauce bbq, on rajoute celles qu'on souhaite il y en a trois sortes à dispo sur la table.
Très bonne adresse à la Nouvelle Orléans!Originally from Memphis, I am a snob with it comes to BBQ. However, this place was AMAZING! Great sauce and GREAT service!Kind of disappointed. Hubby and I were beat and wanted to eat in so we got delivery. 
We got the Tuesday Special of Jumbalya and a side of Gumbo, Gris Gris Greens and A Shrimp Po Boy.
First of all the gumbo wasn't even in the bag. So my husband called and they said they would refund us and while he was speaking hung up on him. 
We then tried the food and we were very disappointed....
I ordered Pikliz on my Po Boy and they weren't there the whole sandwich was dry and awful. 
The Jumbalya didn't taste fresh it tasted box made and old.
The Greens were sooo salty we couldn't finish it. Basically we couldn't finish anything and threw it out. Ended up ordering food somewhere else and wouldn't go back. Food is extremely sub par.great creole gumbo...spicey! Cornbread was sweet and tasty too. Ended up getting a soda to soothe my wimpy tongue.  Must come back.This is truly one of the worst BBQ's I've had. Yes, I tried it twice.
I don't know how they make it as the best BBQ in the paper every year other than payoffs and marketing.Ordered the plate with 3 meats and 2 sides,the plate only came out with 2 meats on it,there was a big line so i cbf waiting to ask/tell someone.
Other than that though the food was good,really tasty, and the price is good aswell,if you get a full order the value for money is hard to beatRibs are perfect. Corn soufflé and sweet potato casserole are worth the trip by themselves. Staff was very friendly and helpful. A great experience.The pulled pork sandwich and corn pudding is seriously some of the best I have ever had. I love this place!! Everytime I make it down to New Orleans this is one of my first stops.  Absolutely delicious!! I can't wait to go back!!Friends and I wanted to try out BBQ ... this place was recommended by a local, so off we went from the French Quarter to here by way of St. Charles streetcar.  Not much to really say except we all enjoyed our meals and were full - and it didn't cost much.  If I recall, I had the brisket - the sauce was good, and the two sides that come with it were also good.  
I am by no means a BBQ expert - I like all kinds in general, so there is really no way for me to compare the flavors even by my own personal tastes.  My friends had nothing bad to say about their food, so I guess we nominate this place A-OK.The brisket was really good and my fiancee said the BBq jambalaya was good. I loved the corn pudding. Service was good too. If we lived here we'd be back frequently.Not at all what I expected.  Friendly service. The BBQ was dry and the sauce not that great. There are better options in town. We had the brisket and pulled pork, gumbo (not a wise decision) and potato salad. The place was empty on a Friday night, I now know why.Good BBQ. I love the New Orleans BBQ sauce. The meat was good, but it seems like  the meat is microwaved for reheating. The fast food set-up is a nice touch and makes this a quick process, but the prices could be a little lower or more meat could be supplied for the price point.Somewhere in between Dickey's BBQ, and Bill Miller BBQ.  They did let me get a kid's plate of a rib and fries.  Let just put it this way. This BBQ definitely needed help from the sauce.This place used to be so good. I've eaten there several times since moving to NOLA a few months ago and it was outstanding. Went there tonight and something has changed. The menus were different and the quality of the food has fallen way off. I've tried practically every shrimp po'boy in Uptown and Voodoo had one of the best. No longer. Tonight, the shrimp were overlooked and under seasoned, the bread was dry, the tomatoes were underripe. My husband's beloved smoked turkey wasn't even on the menu anymore, and his "smoked" chicken had no seasoning, no smoke ring, and was dry as a bone. We LOVED the sweet potato soufflé before, but it too was just mediocre. 
I'm wondering if Voodoo has changed ownership. The quality of the ingredients and finesse in preparation that I loved is gone. I desperately hope they bring it back.Really good food. Fantastic customer service. Great restaurant layout and feel. Love the back room. 
Wish they had a molasses based bbq sauce but what they do carry is still solid.
Order the bread pudding! Best I've had in years.I had the pulled pork platter with fries and corn pudding. I thought the pork was very good and plenty of moisture. 
They do offer several types of beer, mixed drinks and  daiquiris.We had the ribs, pulled pork and brisket.  It was pretty good.  The sauces were mediocre but the potato salad was really great.  It's LA so the workers get shafted and not paid by the owners so please tip them.As a BBQ afficiannado who's experienced Carolina, Texas and Memphis BBQ  if this is supposed to be New Orleans BBQ, keep looking. The sides (especially the corn pudding) are far superior to the lame BBQ. And when that happens, you know not to go back. Well, you can go back for the corn pudding, of course. ;)Great place to eat!! Friendly staff & fantastic BBQ! Best potato salad I've ever had. & definitely gotta try the corn pudding!!! Would recommend this place to anyone !Amazing BBQ! Fastest service I've ever had!! 
The corn bread is spot on! And the bread pudding was incredible!Excellent meats and sides. The only downside of the dining experience is the plasticware.This place is alright, the prices are pretty high for what you get though. My boyfriend got some chicken, and I had a some fish, but the best part was probably our sides. And the BBQ sauce on the table. 
The portions sizes are pretty big, but the food was just alright here.Yes!!!  Simple and delicious. Friendly! Great sauces. Pulled chicken!!! They put a spell on me.This place is a must whenever I'm in New Orleans. All the meats are de-lish and the corn pudding is out of this world.Good food! I visited on 6/1/12 with my mother & daughter while on vacation in NOLA. Btwn the 3 of us we had the ribs & 7 sides. All of it delicious. Unfortunately @ $15 I felt the rib combo a bit pricey considering it's fast food.I really like Voodoo BBQ. It was actually the first food I ate at in NOLA of so many years ago. (I actually thought it was part of the French Quarter on my first visit - hahaha the stupid tourist I was!) Anyway, I'm very picky about my BBQ (and by that I mean pulled pork). Voodoo is decent BBQ for the price. The pulled pork is smoked and dry when you order it. You then choose your own sauce. I have recently tried the brisket, which I prefer over the pork. My dad loves the brisket at Voodoo and always asks to stop when he comes to visit. For me, the standouts are the sides. The corn pudding, mac and cheese, and the baked beans are all winners in my book. Unfortunately this is the reason why this rating is low. I think of Voodoo as 4 stars, but the management at this location has really been slacking lately. The past few times I have been in they have been understaffed, overrun, and most importantly out of some of their greatest hits! C'mon guys you can do better than that! Just a note for tourists, Voodoo is more like a fast food joint than sit down establishment. But being in New Orleans, of course they have beer on tap and a full bar in the back. If you are looking for some decent food on St. Charles that's a little quicker than most places, get some Voodoo (and corn pudding).Ma mère et moi cherchions à nous restaurer sans trop de chichis autour de notre hôtel et on a vu que VooDoo Bbq était bien noté. Nous n'avons pas été déçues. Pour un prix très modique nous avons dégusté trois viandes : le poulet et le filet de porc fumés et le "pulled pork" qui était tendre et savoureux. Le serveur très serviable nous a trouvé des légumes frais pour accompagner notre repas ce qui lui a donné la légèreté qui fait souvent défaut à la cuisine US.Good food....wonderful service.   Red beans and rice with sausage is enough for two.  Very enjoyable.   Oh, don't miss the bread pudding.Awesome food.  I'm from Chicago. I KNOW barbecue.  This stuff was awesome.  The corn pudding changed my girlfriend's life.  The staff was extremely friendly.  CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!The food delicious, but slightly over priced. There is no restaurant like voodoo though so I keep going back! The staff isn't the friendliest. The food makes up for that though.Yelp reviews & walking distance from my hotel landed me here.(free bread pudding for checking in on yelp) We entered and was greeted right away by Danielle w/a smile . She was very professional & friendly. We only ordered bake potatoes and they were actually yummy.. I wanted chop beef & she told me they only had sliced beef but, when my order came out they actually chopped it for me which i thought was  nice. Restaurant was Very clean & nice location.Didn't like the bbq, little dry for me personally.   I had the pull pork P.O. boy, and a meat platter with brisket and carnival (I liked this one).  The flavor is in the sauce, make sure you use it.Yumm!!!
So good that we ate here twice during our short 4 day visit.  It is located on St. Charles and there is a trolley stop directly in front.
The first visit we shared a pulled pork plate with gris gris greens and corn pudding as our sides.
Second visit was sandwiches to-go on our way to the airport!  For him the Caribbean jerk chicken and for me the shrimp po'boy.  We shared a side order of that delicious corn pudding too.
Highly recommend!The cashier guilt-trips people into leaving tips. They bring your food to your table but it's not like it's a full service restaurant. The pulled pork was unevenly cooked. It tasted all right. The prices are good. It's just a super turn-off to get guilt-tripped into leaving a tip.Good BBQ spot on St. Charles in the Garden district. The cashiers were very friendly. I dropped my fork while getting ready to eat at the tables and one of them showed up with a new one without me so much as even looking their direction.
The Caribbean Jerk chicken is very tasty. The pulled pork was pretty good too. If you have trouble choosing, go for the Graveyard platter which let's you choose 2 entrees. The Mac N Cheese is very creamy & rich though portions on all of the sides are pretty miniscule.
The one thing that I don't recommend is their pork ribs. They were very fatty and dry. Their sauces were interesting and made the ribs worth eating but I have definitely had better.
Beer selection was modest at best with Abita being the only local flavors.Good stuff.  Went there for lunch during Wrestlemania 30.  I'm craving the pulled pork.This is not BBQ, if you know your wood chips this is a crappy chain. place is miles away from being authentic. If your are drunk as hell and need a meal it will do you just fine.Good, reasonably priced and friendly staff. In a city world famous for food, this place holds its own. Would definitely return. Thanks for the lagniappe!Avoid! Dried out meat, flies everywhere, condiments sticky and dirty. Only good thing, Service was great!wanted to experience new orleans bbq and it was so-so; i've had better. but staff was friendly and the menu was plentiful. we ate there to try something different and its purpose was met.Whenever I meet people on the streetcar who are looking for a quick, easy, inexpensive taste of New Orleans BBQ I direct them to Voodoo. 
I also direct, my coworkers, my friends and myself to Voodoo for those same reasons.
Good deals, friendly service and it's always super quick.
Don't forget to get a side of corn pudding. YUM.Best BBQ I've ever had in my life. And as a long time connoisseur of the exquisitely delicious and tempting meats, that's saying  alot.What a fantastic little place! We drove 20 hours straight to get here and were starving. This place was next to our hotel and so glad we tried it. Red beans and rice with corn bread was awesome, kids loved the hurricane burger and pulled pork. Easy on the wallet and great service too!Good food, enjoyable atmosphere. The corn pudding was on point and so was the Mac and cheese. Smoked chicken was flavorful, yet light. The food was a bit more pricey then the menu posted here. I would go back, but I would definitely watch for specialsThis is solid barbecue. It's not prize-winning stuff, but the sauces are good and the meat is of consistent quality. Sides really shine, though -- greens, mac and cheese and corn pudding are real standouts. There is better barbecue out there, but not in New Orleans. I always enjoy a meal at Voodoo.Yummy local vibe place. We had the voodoo platter with ribs and chicken. It was cooked to perfection, tender, and seasoned just right! Bread pudding was delicious, and the staff was friendly and attentive.This place is delicious!  Smoked brisket,  smoked ribs, eaten with a plastic fork!  Yeah,  you don't pay for fancy, but a totally chill vibe is way better!  There's a small bar in the back that will make you what you want if the simple beers aren't enough.  Don't come with an attitude and you'll be good.  I'm from Michigan,  and travel all over, and I will DEFINITELY be back when I return to the area!Voodoo BBQ ..I am missin' your melt in your mouth brisket and corn pudding! 
We loved voodoo bbq so much that we brought some home to Los Angeles... My only regret is that I didn't buy 5 lbs of their delicious brisket. By far their brisket is one of the best I've ever had. I recommend pairing the brisket with the mango crystal sauce.. I guess I'll have to book another trip back to NOLA just for my voodoo bbq craving!This is place is great!!! Better than I thought.  Sweet potato soufflé and corn pudding is a must!!! They were really good.  I like the pulled pork than the chickenWhile I didn't come to New Orleans to eat BBQ, this place came highly recommended by a friend who had family here so we dropped in to check them out. I am glad we did. 
The meats were tender and flavorful, and they provide you with three different types of BBQ sauces at your table so you can have it exactly how you like it. The sides were quite good (try the corn pudding, which is very similar to Mexican sweet corn tamales), and the staff was very friendly. 
The only reason I'm not giving them five stars was because we had to wait an inordinate amount of time for our ribs. How does a busy BBQ joint not have ribs at the ready, especially during lunchtime?
Aside from that, though, it was a worthwhile experience.Great place for a casual quick bite. We rolled in tonight after almost ten hours on the road and it was a perfect place to grab a tasty, fast dinner. Jerk chicken platter and bbq brisket platter were terrific. Loved the sweet potato casserole ( it is decidedly NOT a soufflé, fooling no one with that name! ) and corn pudding. Would benefit from lower lighting in the evenings! Walked from our hotel in the garden district. I wouldn't try finding a parking place on a Friday night though. Take the street car or walk!I had the po boy, corn pudding and a beignet. All of it was amazing!  They have three kinds of sauces one a hot sauce,  another a bbq sauce and the last a vinegry red sauce. They compliment anything on the menu well. The fried foods aren't heavy or greasey - this is coming from someone who rarely eats fried foods. Also the sweet tea is very much so eye twitching southern sweet, which is what I expected. Fantastic customer service; we came late at night and stayed for two hours until closing.  All workers were attentive, humorous and kind.  I felt so welcomed I almost volunteered to help them clean up the place.  I'll be back before I leave Nawlins and I'm bringing friends with me!! (:
Thanks for such great service and food.Very inconsistent food quality, sometimes good, sometimes yuck.    What is consistent, though, is the fact that they always forget something when you place your order!     They just keep the money and don't give you the food.Yum yum yum
The shrimp poboy was very flavorful
Sweet potato souffle was perfect could have used more!
Pulled pork poboy was great love the sauces they have
Had to go back for seconds on the Mac and Cheese
Finished it off with the free bread pudding for checking in and I would have happily paid for it
We will be back!They have three different sauces, none of them are very good.  This place is OK, but if you are looking for BBQ, I would highly recommend either Ms. Hysters or the joint over Voodoo.So while in NOLA my BFF and I wanted to try some good ole BBQ ribs and cajun chicken. Based on the reviews I'm thinking this place is for sure a hit spot, WRONG. We should have known the food wasn't good due to the fact there wasnt anyone there to begin with. 
The staff was extremely friendly though, it's just that the food was bad. Our ribs were not freshly made, you could tell that they were just sitting there and got warmed up once they were ordered. That was for everything else on our plate, nothing was freshly made. Our so called cajun chicken was a joke, extremely dry. Had no flavor, just bland. No taste, no nothing. And it was cold, my gumbo was the same. No flavor, I added salt which didn't help. We ended up not eating our entire meal which we paid $24 each for, it was thrown out. Waste of money. Extremely disappointed.
Also the cashier made it a point to tell us they were closing at 9:00pm, we were there one hr before closing. I asked her, "if we're still here by 9:00pm, do we have to take our food and go?". She said no...I'm thinking to myself, if that's not the case why even mention that you're closing at 9:00pm. 
Also please keep in mind, their BBQ ribs doesnt have that nice charcoal grill smoke taste. It's oven baked, warmed up, and BBQ saunce is poured over it.Its ok, but no KC BBQ
but way better then anything in OhioIt is a bar, but it has a chain store feel. You walk up and order your food at a counter. You seat yourself. The atmosphere is ok. They have NO jazz playing and there is a din of sound from everything going on. I'm sure it's much noisier during busier periods during the day. I'm here after 8pm so there is lots of seating and not that many people. I had the jerk chicken platter. My sides were Gris Gris greens and jambalaya. The greens were a little salty. The jambalaya was good. The jerk chicken was good too.Large rat droppings in the corner of the dining area and a dead roach on the ladies' room floor- 'nough saidGreat food, great grits, great brisket, self serve drink so I can have as many diet cokes as I want. Great BBQ sauce. Recommend to anyone.O good little BBQ restaurant right on St. Charles Ave. I saw this place while down in New Orleans on business and was caught by the catchy name. We stopped in and to my surprise the place was darn good. The meat had just enough smoke flavor without over powering the taste of the meat. The staff was very friendly and helpful they offered their comment on which BBQ sauce too try, they had three on the table.I had the Rattlesnake baked beans and potato salad and they were great also. I will return when in town...Thumbs up!Ribs and Brisket were tender and flavorful. We selected their mac n' cheese and sweet potatoe souffle as sides - both were excellent. Fast service and a friendly staff. We will definately go back.Meh... It's ok, I guess. The meat is just ok. The sauces are ok. The sides are ok. So I guess what I'm saying is..it's ok.
I've had better, cheaper here in NOLA so there really isn't a need to go there unless I'm stuck by one and can't get to the Joint.Wow, VooDoo. I had been looking forward to eating here for the past two weeks. It has been a tradition that my friends and I eat here before the parades. I've been t this place about 15x. I was so disappointed. The staff was very clueless and rude. But I'll start with the food first. The portion sizes have decreased A LOT. My brisket was about two and a half slices. The mac and cheese and shredded cheese thrown on top, jambalaya was ok and everything was barely lukewarm. Watery daiquiris. Come on! VERY poor value for the amount and taste of food. On top of that, every FOH staff member just seemed really out of it, as usual. I was let down, but this was going to be a three star review until I came back to get another drink.
When me and my boyfriend returned to the bar for a second time to get a drink during a parade break, the bartender, named Adrian, seemed highly annoyed to be working. I understand being flustered during busy parade season, but last night it was raining and VooDoo was barely half full. She asked "you know what you want?" And when I turned to confirm my boyfriends drink, she was walking away! I had to scream my order only to learn they didn't have orange juice and vodka. She was very short, rude, and it was SO obvious she didn't want to be there. We watched her pour one shot into drinks that were supposed to be doubles. At this point I didn't even want a drink anymore. Her annoyed demeanor and nasty tone kinda turned me off. If you don't know how to interact with people, bartending is not the job for you. Not putting another cent into VooDoo. There's way too many other places on St. Charles to eat and drink than to deal with cold food and rude staff.Very friendly staff! So attentive. The mojo sauce is pretty good. They gave me little samples of this corn pudding and it was amazing!!Ok the place was good, actually very good but I left remembering the sides and the sauce more than the meat. The sausage was good but a little fatty, the brisket was good and smokey but a little dry. 
The Rattlesnake Baked Beans were very good and a little spicy and kind-of smokey. Wow lots going on there. The Mac & Cheese was REAL! A little crunchy, great cheese flavor, tender but not mushy mac. Better than my Mom made and my Mom rocked at Mac & Cheese. 
The staff were great, all smiles, helpful, they didn't hover. The way I liked it. 
Again, I'd love to float a 4 star but you gotta rely on the meat not the sides so I'm going with a 3. I'd still consider coming back if we stopped back in this part of the world.We have been coming to voodoo for years and always love the que. the sides are amazing and worthy of making them the meal. They just added a bread pudding for dessert and it is great. Worth getting off the trolley for.good food, meh service. The cashier charged me full price for their 2$ sandwich and I did not realize it till later.The brisket is fantastic and so is the corn pudding. We were only in NOLA for four days but ate here two of them. I tried the voodoo chicken (I think it's called) and was less than impressed though. This place had service where you order, get a number, place it on your table, then they'll bring you your food.
If you're in the Garden District or nearby this place is worth stopping by to check out. I don't know that you should go out of your way to visit but, next time we're in town we will stop by again.Not the best  bbq at this location.   Ribs were good but corn pudding was dry and the pulled pork was cold. The sweet potato soufflé was not tasty. The Abita Amber beer  on tap was the best thing going.Loved this place, and have been coming here for years! I ordered the pulled pork platter like I always do, with the corn pudding and Mac n cheese. I was very disappointed however, when I received my meal and instead of corn bread, I had been given a stale hamburger bun?!? What happened? If they were out of cornbread I would have at least liked to have been notified or offered another side for their lack of a regular menu item. Oh well, maybe next time it will be as I remembered...I love every single thing at this place. I don't believe I have ever had anything not worth eating.
Half rack of ribs. Greens. Mac n Cheese. Pulled Pork. 
We don't get this kind of stuff in California. When we come to New Orleans we absolutely must hit this place up.
They have clean high chairs. The music isn't too loud so you can eat there with a toddler and it's not a nightmare. 
I love the endless supply of paper towels- fucking bonus if you have kids! 
The booths are comfortable and family friendly too. 
We will be back!!Nous cherchions à manger cajuns sans nous éloigner de garden district où se trouvait notre hôtel, yelp nous a permis de dénicher ce resto bien sympathique.
C'est très bon, copieux, rapide et pas cher que demander de plus :)This is right down from our hotel so we dropped in for lunch. They were helpful with suggestions for our group. The food was yummy and quick. Red beans and rice, shrimp, and cold beer. The fries were delicious.We stop by when we were in New Orleans and ordered the rib platter and frozen daiquiris. The ribs fell off the bone and the red beans and rice were outstanding. We also got the bread pudding which was to die for.When I ordered the smoke chicken breast meal, I was expecting a whole chicken breast that was smoked... not less then half a sliced chicken breast...1st I went wasn't like this....ya lost me...Wow! I had the ribs. They were perfect. Asked for fries with sour cream, bacon and cheese. Those were amazing. Cornbread is so good. The star of the show were collard greens and the red beans. Wowowowoww!Well I came here on the recommendation of a family member and it was pretty decent barbecue.  I hate to use the ole adage of I've had better, but I have had better barbecue.  We ordered the ribs, chopped brisket, and the carnival with a side of Mac n cheese, baked beans, and corn pudding.  As I write this, I still can't believe how much food we just ate 
Admittedly, one thing that I'm not used to and I don't blame any restaurant in NOLA for this, but I can't get used to the salty food.  The barbecue seemed salty to me, but so is all the other food in NOLA.  The side order of the corn pudding was very good, as well as the cornbread. The biggest bonus was the $5 daiquiris that we're pretty strong.  We paid more for daiquiris on Bourbon Street and they didn't have as much liquor as these.  
Would I come back? I'm not sure.  There's so many other restaurants to explore in NOLA.  But I sure am glad we gave this place a shot. Oh and make sure you check in and take advantage of the free bread pudding. We didn't finish it, but it was a pleasant treat to have with our food.Taxi ride from French Quarter. As were walked in some other tourists were walking out claiming it was too loud. This is a local hangout with plenty of seating, plasma TV on the wall showing the Saints game. However there's a back bar as well as separate back room and patio seating so I'm sure they didn't try very hard.
Order at the counter and get served fast food style. 
All of the meats, including jerk chicken, ribs and brisket were very good. Plenty of beers on tap.So let me start by saying we love coming here. The staff is always friendly and the food is great. But this time was different. The girl behind the counter was just awful. She rang my stuff up wrong and then when the manager came out he says well u already paid for it so take it..I will now never come back to this location. I wanted to get my money back for the stuff I was charger for I didn't order, but I'm out of luck. This location has tanked.Soooo good! Had the Carnival and oh my gosh, YUM. Coleslaw=good
Sweet potatoe=good! rattlesnake beans=good! ribs=good. Not a bad thing on the menu. Better than some of the food we had on the French Quarter.The food here is really good and the price is very affordable. Located on St Charles Avenue right off of the streetcar line, this place is not hard to miss. As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by a huge smile from Channing. It's very infectious and made my visit here much more enjoyable. She's very knowledgeable about the menu, and ever helped me with me selection. She's awesome!Let me start off by saying once I find something I like, I usually stick to it. With that being said,  every time I ordered from Voodoo I always got the Spicy chicken fingers, gris gris greens, and corn pudding. 
The chicken fingers always had a nice kick to them and were saucy enough so it didn't taste dried out. The gris gris greens can be a little salty at times, but nothing a swig of water can't cure. If it weren't  for my self restraint, I could probably sit and eat a bowl full of the corn pudding. 
The one time I had the ribs they were so-so, can't really say much on that. 
Honorable mention goes to the Jerk Chicken and White Chocolate bread pudding.New Orleans is a city known for its food. Among the food it is known for, BBQ is not. Never the less this place has very good BBQ with a dash of soul food character thrown in. Its a great place, but don't expect to be dazzled if you're from Memphis.Food was really good and the sides were delicious! The sauces they provide are also super good!!The food was commercial.  It was not authentically Nola.  Nothing special.  I was not impressed.  I could of gone to Dallas bb q in ny or faces bar b q in md.Its the only game (for the most part) in the city. I think the BBQ is fairly good for a chain, but far from high end BBQ, all with slow service.Booooooo!  Terrible bbq. Not what you'd expect in New Orleans. Cheap, chintzy, sad food. But what would you expect with staff where everyone has their face in their phone the whole time. Mac n cheese was mushy. Sad I wasted a meal in such an amazing city.Delicious BBQ!  For a chain they do not disappoint!  Got combo Brisket and it was all fabulous, the fries and slaw were great too, and the corn pudding ... mmmmCan I give it no stars?? DO NOT waste your time or money eating here. The food is flavorless, so the small portions are a blessing.I ordered brisket meat platers, and it only comes with a couple slices of meat. The taste is not good. First meal in New Orleans is ruined.Came here to eat our first night in town. Good thing we came when we did, because not too long after there was a constant stream of folks coming for dinner. We shared a shrimp po-boy (it was a bit dry, but adding sauce helped) and the graveyard platter that comes with 2 choices of meat and 2 choices of sides. We went with the pulled pork and beef brisket (both very tender). This place is known for their sauces (mojo, crystal mango, and cane vinegar) and each added to what we ate. The french fries with the po-boy had some sort of salt/sugar mixture with seasonings. The mac & cheese was super cheesy and creamy. The gris gris greens were very nicely seasoned and had little bits of meat. All in all, we enjoyed our meal.Fantastic bbq! I had the jerk chicken, hubby had the brisket.  Good value for the price. You'll want to use the bbq sauce.  My only complaint is the bathroom, it was absolutely filthy.I'm from Kansas City, so barbecue is one of my favorite foods. I was really happy to hear that there was an inexpensive place in the city that actually made some great food. I've been a couple times, so I haven't had a chance to really work through the menu, but everything I've had was great! The sauces aren't overwhelming, but all of the stuff that you want is there: good quality, good quantity, simple service, and a lot of napkins. Voodoo is a great and easy place to eat. Get the random corn side dish. It's freaking great.Great hoot. After a bad experience across the street we tried VooDoo BBQ - great service and great food. Had the carnival platter. Can't miss with this one. 
Don't forget the greens and Mac & cheese w/ your meal. Highly recommended A+Good and quick spot for a lunch on the go.  Right across from the street car stop, so good for us tourists!  
AMAZING Mac and Cheese!  Great BBQ sauce, friendly staff, good bbq shrimp, good chicken...actually everything we had was good.
We actually liked it so much, we went there two days in the row!We went here right after we landed from the airport. It turns out that on Tuesday, they have $2 pulled pork sandwiches. However, when we got there at like 8pm, they had already run out of pulled pork, so that was a bummer.
We ordered a voodoo platter to share for two. The voodoo platter cost $19.95 for 1/2 a rack of ribs (6 ribs), 1/2 lb of any bbq meat, a piece of corn bread, and two sides. We chose brisket as our meat or choice. 
We had three groups of two doing the platters, and all of our briskets came out differently. One of the briskets was really dry and the other platters were pretty good. However, all of the pairs agreed that the ribs were really good.
Since it's a chain, it's not what you would expect from a hole in the wall dive. I wish we could have had the pulled pork sandwich, but in general, it was satisfying as a bbq joint.Loved it.  Super fast and friendly service.  Had the half rack of St Louis ribs, they were great.  Potato salad and beans were also excellent.  The roll of paper towels at each table was a nice touch.Great foods,  portions are perfect and I love their bread pudding cake its so delicious. Also the employees here are so helpful, I was from out of town and the girls gave me some great ideas on how to get around the city. Instead of getting stuck at the French Quarter. I appreciate their help.This is the best BBQ ever!! This is our second time here in two days and we can't get enough! The corn pudding, rattlesnake beans and sweet potatoes are amazing! We also got the full rack of ribs and the carnival! It's so amazing! Be sure to check in too, you get a free bread pudding!!!