The W is located on Chartres Street which is two over from Bourbon and distanced just enough from the bustle -while keeping in touch with the excitement. The street is shared with the beautifully architected building of the Louisiana Supreme Court (it's rear exit is across the street around 300 yards away) and holds a similar, but futuristic beauty as the past and present designs collide. The recently renovated W has a small, but inviting outdoor swimming pool which is located within a quaint and secluded courtyard. The area is adorned with a fountain, benches, a palm & beautifully shaped shade tree, as well as, two large cabanas. The room itself is a bit tight, but has a futuristic and clean design that adds a bit of a wow factor while differentiating itself from others. My experience of detriment was two-fold: The design and size of the cabinetry did not allow us to completely unpack our suitcases -due to the lack of dresser draws. The second disappointment was the absence of quality housekeeping throughout our stay.I've stayed here only once and really enjoyed being in the Quarter, with a pool. Not many stylish hotels with pools in the New Orleans. Not sure why either. So anyway our room was nicer then the one on Poydras, we had a balcony which always provided some kind of street entertainment. And the pool, I mentioned the pool but it's in the middle of this beautiful W-fied courtyard and it's just a chillaxin place to be. One thing to note, it wasn't during JazzFest which I am sure changes the dynamics of this place.Rooms are small, we had a Fabulous Room courtyard access. Bathrooms are very small and cramped. Poor lighting in room and just basic. Don't get a room on 2nd floor..proximity to Gym is noisy and floor shakes.
The vibe is cool and location is great, Hotel is just average.A couple of friends stayed here... great location and great atmosphere.  The rooms are hipper.  I really liked the out door lounging area ... the pool needs a huge upgrade since it is the "W".  At the "W" you imagine a swanky pool...not some motel type.  
Free drinks is a major plus tho!My boyfriend and I stayed here our last three days of our road trip through the south. We stayed in some pretty rustic places along the way. This was a sad experience. The hotel was a mess, our room was dirty, falling apart, nothing worked. We called many times to have menus sent up, nobody came. Our flat screen tv never worked. We called to have somebody fix it and nobody came and they actually charged us for movies, which they promised to take off and never did. 
When I got home to see all of the charges, I called and was transferred back and forth 5 times. The women I finally got said it was too hard to go onto previous reservations?!? We will definitely be staying someplace much smaller next time.We stayed here in January just before the super bowl. The rooms were clean and the only problem we had was that the iron and coffee machine broke. They were pretty quick to replace it though. Room service was a little slow some days but overall the stay was great. The food was really good for breakfast and we went to SoBou one night for dinner - great menu. The hotel is on the trendy side. There is a really nice courtyard where we sat out, enjoyed the fire pit and drank some wine - did not get crowded at all. There was a heated outdoor pool that we didn't try but some people we swimming in it. The gym only had a few treadmills and some weights, not suitable for a gym rat. The location was perfect - everything was a short walk away (Jackson Square, Cafe Du Monde, Galatoires, K Pauls, etc). At night we opened our window and heard a lone saxophone playing some great music. The staff was very helpful with planning day trips and dinner reservations. We would stay here again.I have always relied on the W Hotels for a hip customer experience that left me feeling good about the SPG program. I have stayed at several W hotels all over the world and have received excellent customer service, a clean room with top of the line amenities and services. 
The W New Orleans was a COMPLETE disappointment, from check in, to room cleanliness, to room service to check out. The only positive thing I can say about it is that it is convenient for exploring the French Quarter. 
Do not stay here. There are too many other better options.Let me start by saying I am NOT picky about hotels. I expected a lot better for the W--it felt like a Motel 6. 
First, I had requested 2 queens far ahead of time. When they finally checked me into my room--3 hours after I had arrived, so at 6pm--it was a single king meaning it was a small room as well. 
The pillows were stained with I'm not sure what...saliva? Sweat? When it was time to iron my clothes, I had to put a sheet on top of the ironing board because it was filthy. Maid service came around 5pm each day, and the one time I ordered room service they didn't take the tray from outside my door until almost 24 hours later. 
The room was moldy smelling, my tv didn't work, and when I tried to order room service after 9pm, two nights in a row they had only one item on their menu. And bonus, they charge $14 for wifi per day! Who charges for internet anymore?
The good thing about this hotel is the location, but it is WAY overpriced. I would stay in a hostel over this place.3 stars is all i can give, and i love me some W hotels.  the location could not be better and the grounds are beautiful, striking in fact.  while lounging in the pool under the giant magnolia tree i just kept fantasizing i was in a tennessee williams play, except this fantasy included the piped in W hotel house music and spotty pool side cocktail service.  we met up with some gays (the gays also love the w-see uploaded photos and this video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2H0lcw2MgA) who had actually recruited "malek" the adorable parking valet to ferry us cocktails from the bar to the pool because all of their poolside attendants were M.I.A.  minor issue, but all through our stay little inconveniences like these kept popping up.  often the front desk was completely unmanned- i had to actually go around the corner and call into their back room for help THREE TIMES.  i called the famous "whatever/whenever" service line about six times during our weeklong stay, four of those times no one ever picked up the phone.  One time i followed up my unanswered whatever/whenever call to the front desk and was told by the front desk clerk "oh yeah baby, i tried calling them earlier to tell them i was gonna be late and no one answered then either!"  WHAT?!  i appreciated her candor, but this is a "W" they are famous for running like a well oiled expensive machine that caters to your every whim- not a half assed extended stay marriot.  the rooms themselves are also a bit worn around the edges, ours needed a coat of paint, the cold water tap was broken on the sink and i had to call to have it fixed (no one noticed this before we checked in!?) and our room was missing an i pod dock, which i also had to call two times to actually receive.  also no room service past 9:30???  we had the drunk munchies and had to order a freaking pizza!  where is my 3 am W cheese plate?!?!?  we are californians people!!
this W needs a serious crackdown, the staff although friendly were mostly ineffective-except of course for my boy malek who gets five stars for in between parking cars bringing us sazeracs.
would i stay here again?  if the rate was really low, i'm sure i would because the location and grounds are fantastic, but i would lower my expectations for sure and poolside BYOB it.Within stumbling distance to Bourbon Street how can you go wrong?   It is a typical W Hotel in style with it's funky lighting and decor.  
The service is good and they only hire cute people.  I have stayed here several times and the rooms are quite large for a W...maybe we always get a suite...I don't know because my bf takes care of that stuff.
Sometimes I wonder how I made it back to the hotel but it is easy to find.  Look for the W sticking out of the building.  That's how I do it.This Hotel is, as most W's are, gorgeous. We had a Large room with a balcony. I loved the open layout of the infamous W living room. When we arrived at our room we could not get in, after 15 minutes of maintenance fixing our door we got in. Not more than 10 minutes in our room and one of the maintenance personel had brought us a fruit and cheese plate as an apology for the inconvenience.  The attention was constant our entire stay!  Awesome! Loved the room, would gladly stay again!My boyfriend and I were coming from the Queen and Crescent, which is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, so that may have colored my impression and made this seem like a destination of splendor and glory, but I do believe this is boutique hotel-ing at its finest.  Slick, minimal decor, great beds, friendly staff, free baby water bottles at the valet and fantastic Bliss products in the room.  (including face wash!)
The location is outstanding, right around the corner from Emeril's  delicious Nola and walking distance to just about everything you could desire.  
It's a bummer that you have to pay for wi-fi, which is why I'm giving it four stars.  Hotel guests should always get wifi for free, in my opinion.  But seriously this is the place to stay.This is a well-located hotel but the service is poor. We asked the concierge for assistance with a rental car and he was no help whatsoever. The room is awkward and desperately in need of a couple of small chest of drawers. Poorly lit with only a small window that you have to walk into a little alcove to access. My husband likes the gym.I am 3/4 of the way through my stay at this hotel.  I have not been as impressed with the property compared with other W Hotels.
Definitely a great location, which made it nice to explore for my first time in New Orleans.  The staff was helpful, but made no mention of some of the ammenities (gym, Acura experience, etc.) that I would have liked to take advantage of and other reviewers have mentioned.
My room is tiny and for a business traveler, the small circular table in the corner does not cut it for working.  They decor is appropriately hip, but the room is arranged very uncomfortably.  As others have mentioned the walls are very thin.  My particular room (on the 4th floor) smelled like smoke.
Overall the stay has been ok but not worth the price.  I am not sure that I would stay here again.Although perfectly located in the French Quarter, I believe the high price is not warranted. The staff was friendly but not efficient. Five requests from three different people was not enough to have the morning coffee urn in the lobby refilled. Very inconsistent and unclear rule enforcement left some guests in our party confused and unhappy. Out of three nights, one night saw our bed still unmade and the room not attended to. I'm still waiting for a management call back regarding our rate, an issue which should have been easily resolved in house.
This was our second stay at the hotel, but when we return to New Orleans, as you know we will, we'll be seeking more accommodating accommodations.I've always wanted to stay at a W Hotel. This was my first experience and it was very underwhelming.
PROS:
- The location is great. Close to everything and you can always stop by for a break or to use the restroom.
- Staff is helpful and nice. Any questions I had they were more than willing to answer and help.
- Nice courtyard area. Saw plenty of people hanging out in the area and by the pool.
CONS:
- The bathroom was broken and did not flush. We had to get someone to come up and fix it. After fixing the bathroom there was some splatter of water on the floor. Gross.
- The rooms are outdated and old. The paint was chipped off. The ceiling had some artwork that was starting to peel. Underneath the bedding, the mattress looked like it was old and was stained. Ew.
- My room had one of those doors that connected to the next room. At night, I thought someone was throwing up in the hallway. I think they were throwing up in the next room, passed that door. Hah.
Overall, I would not come back to this hotel for the price. When I was taking the elevator down to the street level, two people were in the elevator with me on the phone saying they're switching hotels and how this did not live up to the W hotel name.
I stayed at the Marriott down the street last time for work and would have preferred that hotel over this.I never stayed here but the outside when I encountered it along my walk... Oh I had to save this and remind myself this is the place I wanted to stay on my next visit! so romantic outdoor gates!Stayed here over NYE 2011.  Great location in the French Quarter.  Within walking distance to Bourbon St, Jackson Square, Moonwalk, Cafe Beinet/Du Monde and all stops in between.  Great customer service from everyone - front desk, bellhop, and valets.
Rooms are nice but about NYC size. Docking a star for no lounge or in-room wifi.This was my second stay here, and I've had a great (but short) visit.  
We got upgraded to a room with a lounge area and balcony, which was quite nice.
The hotel bar is excellent (great service and good drinks), and the outdoor lounge area near the pool is lovely.
The service is top-notch.
My only complaint was the missing soap and lotion in the bathroom, but they remedied that within minutes when notified.There are only two good things about this hotel: the rain shower head and the friendly front desk staff. The walls are so thin that you can hear you're neighbors 3:45am rendezvous like it's in your own room or the housekeeping staff slamming the closet doors like cymbals at 8am. It took 5 calls to get our room cleaned. Sheets and towels itchy. Will never ever be back.Ok this place is amazing. I have worked in the hotel industry for 15 years most has been in management so I have to say I'm pretty tough on services. The first time two years ago we had booked at another hotel. Our experience was horrible so we called the W they walked us in a treated us like royalty. We booked again for my nephews wedding this past weekend. Shawn at the front desk remembered us from two years ago. She sent up champagne and a fruit platter to welcome us back. Then I couldn't find the ATM so the bartender walked me across the courtyard to where it was. Another note, our air was not working very well so when Mo came to access the room he brought a whole separate floor unit in until he could get ours fixed. Then he sent us a bottle of wine. This is how you take care of you customers. Very impressedI've stayed here twice and will return. Great location and nice people working there! Funky courtyard, weird decor and comfy beds. Great restaurant and bar. Some weird room issues like bad reading lights and strange bathroom design I can overlook because the people working at the hotel are so wonderful! Elijah best concierge ever! Joseph is awesome and Quentin remembered my first visit with my daughter! I have not experienced this with any other hotel! Give it a chance and let them help plan your visit if you are a first timer!Pros
-Location: Perfectly located in the heart of the French Quarter.
-Sobu (restaurant attached to the hotel): They have happy hour starting at 3pm, which is where my husband and I started each evening. Cocktails and food are all excellent!
-Pool/Courtyard area: really nice to sit by the pool and in the courtyard area for morning coffee or a nightcap!
Cons
-Parking: it costs $46 per night to park your car at the hotel and this isn't listed anywhere on their website. Also quite annoying that we didn't check in to the hotel until 11:30pm and were charged for a full day of parking. 
-Staff: Valet gave us a "luggage ticket" instead of a "valet ticket" and couldn't locate our car when we were ready to check out. The valet accused us of losing the valet ticket and then apologized when they saw the other half of the "luggage ticket" they gave was actually hanging in the window...after it took them 20 minutes to find our car.
-Staff (Part 2): Someone charged an $85 breakfast to our room and when I called the front desk to inquire about getting the charge removed I was asked "Are you sure you just don't remember ordering the breakfast?" Yes...I'm sure. And I still had the receipt from where I actually had breakfast on that day. They said they would call me back and when they did, went through an itemized list of what was ordered and asked if I was absolutely certain that I had not ordered the food. Still positively certain.Great location. Great vibe. Great staff. Great product. Great experience.   Can't go wrong at The W!I was recently married at this hotel.
To begin planning over a year ago, we had the hardest time getting in contact with the events coordinator at the W French Quarter. We would call her 5 times to get one response, and she always sounded like she was doing us a favor to have our wedding there. This person was promoted, so we were informed we would be working with someone new. This worked out well, because the new events coordinator is MUCH more responsive and much friendlier. We had requested a room to be booked for us several times in the 8 months leading up to the wedding. They got back to us 2 months before the wedding to let us know they were able to find us a room only because they had a cancellation.
The room for the reception was supposed to be set up by 8 am, so we could get in and make adjustments and finish decorating, it wasn't. The lighting subcontractor we signed a contract with through the W never showed up! Our ceremony was completely dark and there was nothing we could do. The original coordinator had also told us that the courtyard would be completely blocked off for half an hour, but this was not true. We had strangers wandering around our wedding ceremony and even in our reception room that came to check out what was going on.
Then, when we sat down for dinner, they served us completely different food than what we had tasted and ordered. The food was still good, but not what we were expecting. They also screwed up the order and were planning on bringing desert even though it's a wedding and we told them we had a cake? They seemed very befuddled by the fact that a wedding would have a wedding cake and that we needed them to serve it, even though this was one of the things we had distinctly asked about before the wedding. To top off the night, they cleared our personal cake knife and server and lost it. They have not found it and have not returned it.
With that being said, the bartender at our event was awesome! Because we started late, she extended the bar by the length of time the event was delayed and when our music briefly went out, she came in and sang for us with her booming, beautiful voice.  
The room we stayed in was also large enough to accommodate 7 girls getting ready.
Also, they completely botched our bill at checkout and overcharged us by $200 by doubling a valet charge and charging a lunch at the restaurant that we weren't even there for. They did fix this.
The W was completely unsympathetic to all complaints and questions about why things went wrong and offered Starwood points in compensation, gee thanks. I really have no desire to stay at a W ever again. 
Five stars for the bartender, aesthetics, and the front desk staff, 1 star for all the other stuff. Don't have your wedding here, just don't. It's really not worth it. 
Update: They did finally find our cake and knife server.If it's class, comfort and excellent service you're looking for, then W New Orleans - French Quarter will certainly deliver. 
I scrambled all over Yelp in search of a hotel that would not disappoint. I'm not too picky with my hotels, but when you're traveling with a little diva, one must plan accordingly. Amongst the sea of reviews on N.O. Yelp, a lot of the more aged hotels were said to have thin walls, A/C issues and no-pet policy. I was only left with a few boutique hotels in mind; but no complaints here. Once I came across W's page on ol' Yelp, I was pleased and booked my one-night stay via Hotels.com.
This W differs from the other locations; rooms are a bit smaller in size, though I never felt cramped, and though the interior design, decor and amenities are trendy, the exterior and pool area still keep with N.O.'s historic look. 
For check-in, pull up to the valet but don't take out your bags and bring them into the mini-lobby. Rooms are actually located to the left of the lobby and hotel restaurant, Bacco.
My standard room ($139/night) was in the corner, far from the elevator--just how I like-and equipped with a plush king-size bed, extra pillows, flat screen, iPod station, Bliss bath products, and a large restroom with stand-up shower ... and much more: http://www.starwoodhotels.com/whotels/property/rooms/amenities.html?propertyID=2030 And it was a lot larger than I anticipated. 
Don't forget your workout gear (ahem, eat a lot of beignets?) because they have a workout room, and also your swimsuit. I only checked out the pool located on theground level complete with small grassy areas, cabanas and lounge seats. It was a Sunday night, so not much of a scene, but I'm sure weekends make for better people-watching. 
As mentioned, W New Orleans - French Quarter is pet-friendly. Keep in mind, they require a $100 non-refundable cleaning fee and $25 for additional nights. I didn't know about this when booking my room, and it was too late to turn back once I caught it on their site. The P.A.W. - Pets Are Welcome amenity offers the following: dog walking, custom W Pet Bed, pet treat. Also--according to their site--you receive a welcome packet with a pet toy, W Hotels pet tag, clean-up bags, food/water bowl, pet-in-room door sign, special treat at turndown and, and a letter explaining the pet services, such as pet-walking and grooming. For that $100 fee, I was pleased to read this ... but ... we didn't get *any* of this. Thus, the one star deduction. They also have a 40lb limit for dogs, so keep that in mind. And as other reviews mentioned, there was a small dust issue. Not too big of a deal since I only spotted it below the nightstand on the glass and ice bowl tray (which I didn't end up using).
I'll still book my next stay here. It was a comfortable, accommodating with excellent service and so many amenities that I've yet to check out.Decent hotel in the French Quarter, convenient to both Bourbon and Canal Streets. The hotel just underwent a remodel, so the rooms are pretty new. They were also quiet given the location. On the downside, I'm just not a fan of the W scene- it's very hipsterish and cool, but not very practical. For instance, the bathroom door is glass so if you want to take a leak in the middle of the night you wake up your spouse. Or the computer desk is cool, but not very comfortable. Also, $12.50 for a Heineken from the minibar? I knew Minibars are expensive, but that's highway robbery. Lastly, the staff was friendly but slow- continental breakfast was a 45 min affair. But everyone tried very hard and was very cordial.Great stay!  The staff was so friendly and willing to help. There is construction going on which did not affect our stay but you could tell the staff was trying even harder to make sure everyone had a good stay. Room service comes from a neighboring kitchen I believe, but why would you waste your time & money eating in your room when you're in freakin' New Orleans?  So no big deal to us. We didn't hear any construction noise except when we were outside, plus it doesn't even start until 9 or so.  The courtyard was cool, modern with a small pool. Great location in the quarter but also within walking distance to the CBD & convention center.Most W hotels that I've stayed at are typically nicely decorated. The W New Orleans-French Quarters was left a bit short of that. 
While the hotel's architecture is very unique and quite appropriate to its location, the French Quarters, the  decor in the room left me a bit puzzled and disappointed by its poor quality and lack of taste. 
I can't quite explain how it looked, but even though the bed was nicely done,the room looked as if a hurricane had gone through. It looked as if the furniture and decor was run down. 
Despite staying in a Deluxe double room with a private balcony, the room was extremely small and left very little space to walk from one side to another. 
Worst W Hotel I've ever stayed at in my many years as a Starwood Preferred Gold member. We moved to the Westin Hotel the day after.As an SPG lifetime gold and platinum I stay more nights than I'd like away from home. Checked in today and waiting in the lobby for 2 hours. At 6pm, room is still not ready and told it will be 7pm. Asked for another room then and checked into a very dark, tired (scuffs on walls, missing tile in bathroom, scratched up furniture). While waiting at lobby bar for room, they never entered my order.... waited then finally asked. Asked for water twice and still never got it. Finally asked for the check. Seems like the whole operation is drained of attn to detail or service. I will say, that Evan at the front desk was super, trying to help but issues seem more a lack of management. Next time I will try the le meridian a short distance away.This hotel is perfect for the walk of shame and vampires!  Especially if you are like me and become nocturnal/alcoholic immediately on arrival.  Hey, in a city that serves booze, um, 24 hours a day, it can happen.  Every night.
The hotel is located conveniently on Chartrers, which is a great express route to avoid the throngs of rioting drunk tourists littering the strip clubs and daiquiri bars of Bourbon St.  
My courtyard/sundeck facing room was quiet as a library as I slept through the sunlight.  This did cause a problem with housekeeping.  I mean, I did forewarn when I finally left for the day errrr evening, but they still didn't change the room.  I had plenty of towels, and my beds are never made anyway, so this isn't a huge deal, but that meant NO REFILLS ON GUMMY BEARS.  That is simply inexcusable and lost them a star.  I would have thrown a Platinum tantrum in the living room, but I was distracted by Hershey's kisses.  ooo, shiny!
Speaking of the living room:
Me:  "Everything is for sale in this hotel, no?  How much is this W (HEART) SPG statue?  I'm a brand whore and I want it"
Desk Clerk:  "Sir, that will be $2,000."
Me: "What?  No fair, you didn't charge me when one of my drunk friends stole the desk bell at a Sheraton!"
Next time I steal first and review bill later.
I loved the courtyard, with its fire fountain, fun relaxy furniture, pool,  and subtle housey music that ramped up the gay factor like an Abercrombie & Fitch store (minus the shirtless models trying to "sell"  clothes or what I can only assume is a Larry Craig encounter).  It did get a bit cold later in the evening when the darned weather turned absolutely mad (sorry, I'm from California, we don't know this 10 degree windchill stuff).  According to one of the extra security (brought in, no doubt, to keep away drunks like us without room keys), they ran out of gas and hid the extra portable heaters.  boo!  
In all, a great hotel with a great staff!  I'll be back!The most amazing customer service ever. I will only stay here when I visit just to see Kym and Niquan. These ladies were such a joy and very knowledgeable about the area. I have thoroughly enjoyed my stay here!! I can't wait to come back !!!I just stayed at the W for my brothers wedding. Overall it was a very cool hotel. Very different from other W's.Almost a boutique feel to it but thats to be expected with the smaller properties in the French Quarter. The only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is because the rooms showed some abuse but what do you expect with all the drunk nights in New Orleans. My favorite part was the inner courtyard..it was very nice and cool to hang out at.Great hotel right in the middle of it all! Feels old but new which I guess can be good and bad. Everyone was friendly and accommodating and we would recommend this hotel.Just got here on ash Wednesday after end of Mardi G. My sweet husband booked an expensive room to celebrate our 30th anniversary. This property is NOT the usual W hotel we are used to: it's an old building with very noisy air condition unit, I woke up st 3am unable to sleep. The cleaning crew is noisy at 9am. Don't they know guests around the French Quarter party all night to wake them up as early? Apparently not. Restaurant in the hotel gets zero stars, pork/bacon nightmare, not vegetarians friendly menu. Overall, clean room, large bathroom and shower, large closet, limited drawers, free internet. For the price we paid we expected a suit and we got a large room = to a 3.5 star hotel. will not return.Perfect quick stop over with kids! Centrally located. Adorable courtyard and friendly staff. Our room with a balcony was a bonus. Love the location and friendly staff. We will definitely stay again.It's lovely.  Sweet little boutique version of the typical large, monumental W hotel.   
Classic New Orleans Courtyard, yet a modern room.  Unique juxtaposition. 
The rooms were slightly small, but I loved the view of the courtyard and the comfortable bed.  
And LOCATION is everything.  Perfect location.If I could give this hotel less than one star I would. I had my wedding in New Orleans and all my guests stayed here. This hotel lost and screwed up almost every reservation. When my guests arrived at the hotel none of the rooms were ready so my guests had to wait around for them to clean rooms that were supposed to be ready hours ago. They were a total nightmare to deal with and completely incompetent. I will never stay at this hotel again, nor will any of the several guests at my wedding. The only positive thing I have to say about this nightmare of a stay is that the bellhops were great with helping with bags and getting our cars.Nice decor all around and awesome staff!  In my opinion the location was perfect. It was close enough to Bourbon st but far enough away from the crazy crowd and noise. Being a W hotel expect to spend $$$I recently joined SPG as I'm familiar with the standards of their hotels so I expected the W French Quarters to be spectacular. Also, their concierge Elijah aka The W Insider reached out  via email about a week before we were to arrive to provide us with some "insider" info to make our stay fantastic- he was spot on with his leads.
After driving/manuvering through some major flooding when got off of the highway to the cultural NOLA (calf level-locals were in gollishes) in a mustang on our way to the French Quarters we finally arrived up to the establishment. What caught my attention was the giant blue eye catching balloon lights hanging from the ceiling of the car port/entrance, it was pretty and I liked it. Then the best valet ever by the name of Mike greeted us... He was extremely accomodating and friendly!!! Mike gave us 2 drink passes at SoBou, the onsite restaurant (we didn't get a chance to use the vouchers during our stay).
Check in was easy and the front desk personnel provided us with a map of our surroundings and highlighted all of the local spots that we should hit up. We were about a 2 block walking distance from Bourbon st (2 blocks were under construction but we weren't affected). Oh yea, parking is quite pricey here.
We stayed in the courtyard level king suite 233 with jacuzzi and patio. When we walked in, our eyes were completely satisfied at how appeasing the decor was and the fully stocked wet bar. The room temperature was perfect and the jacuzzi ready to go..woo hoo!! The colors in the room were inviting and the bed comfy. The bathroom was smaller than expected but very modern in style-mirrors galore. I must point out issues with the room; a leaky air conditioner vent and some of the furniture was damaged (scratched or leaning). 
Customer service was a hit or miss with the whatever whenever service. I called the front desk for the location of a ice machine and because of where our room was situated they stated that ice would be brought to us-there was a bit of a wait where I had to make a 2nd call after 30 minutes of not receiving the bucket of ice. Then there was the black out that affected us and the surrounding 2 blocks - GOOD thing we were showered, dressed and almost ready to head out of the door. We didn't appreciate that the hotel didn't alert us of the outage. It would of been nice if the 1 of the 3 staffers that we saw during this time would of asked if we were ok or mentioned anything about the issue. Later that late night I made a call to the front desk requesting the use of a microwave oven. I was told that it was at the front desk- I then walked my cold food to the front desk to find that the door was locked which resulted in me having to walk back to my room to call the front desk back for entry and was told that she was waiting for me to "knock on the door". I WILL say that when I eventually was able to have my food warmed the staff member offered to bring it back to my room-nice enough. We had a late check out and when it was time for us to depart I called the front desk for luggage assistance- our friend Mike came and made it happen expedtiously. I also remembered that I needed a bucket of ice so I called the Whatever Whenever line and the staff member's response was as though I asked her to go to the local Walmart to buy me a bag of ice. She repeated my request back to me as if she couldnt believe what I was asking for-this request wasn't fulfilled. Mike to the rescue tho...he was a gem again as he hooked up us up with the ice and packed our cooler like a pro. 
All in all, we enjoyed our stay with the minor drawbacks. If all of their staff was like Mike, this would of been 5 stars instead of 3. Great Customer service goes a long way!I'm a big fan of the W chain and being an SPG Plat, try to book the W in whichever city I'm visiting. But 2 W's disappointed me recently and this is one of them (W Union Square is the other one). 
I do give them a star for trying, but this place is just focused on events and not their guests. The courtyard is beautiful and I loved hanging out there Saturday night, but the room itself is cramped and with insects! The cordless phone is broken and the sink was broken! 
They started using their leaf-blower at 8am and so loud, that even neighboring buildings could hear it. 8am!?!? Shouldn't they wait at least until 10am when most people will be awake!?
Some of the staff is friendly, but we got caught between a manager who could be working at a gas station and not care (Malishia - sp?) and very junior intern-type receptionists. The W needs to do a better job staffing all their hotels - especially in places where you rely so much on the front desk for help, guidance and advice!
The one shout-out is to Stacy, who tried to apologize for Malicia's behavior and told us lots of guests have been complaining about her attitude problems...
Oh and the Acura service only runs until 5pm now and during our 3-day stay, wasn't around a single time for us to utilize. I don't know if they just keep it hidden to save gas...If you're looking for a relaxing stay near Bourbon street, this is the place. The staff attention to customer service is exceptionally high! I wish I would of booked a longer stay. The courtyard and pool were gorgeous. We were able to open the windows in our rooms. I almost forgot I was 3 blocks away from the chaos. Complimentary cocktails at the lobby were the icing on the cake. The hotel bar at Sobou was amazing! Stick around for the $0.25 lunch martinis or happy hour sips! 
Cons: Unfortunately, a few cleaning details were missed. The bathroom sink wasn't immaculate. The room decor was simple. Overall, I would stay again! I loved the vibe and customer service.This is our new go-to hotel for when we come to New Orleans.  
This was honestly the BEST staff I have ever encountered at a hotel.  They will bend over backwards to get you anything you need.  
The hotel is absolutely beautiful, even though there were renovations going on.  They worked durning the afternoon, and were gone by cocktail hour, so we barely even noticed anything was going on.
Adorable lobby, affordable valet parking, AMAZING courtyard, fantastic location, nice pool...just an overall great staying experience.While it is understandable that certain amenities can be a bit slipshod due to the advent of Mardi Gras, the wi-fi (which, by the way, is surcharged to your bill, unless you make a point to them that you are kind of staying a wee bit of a long time, like say, 5 days...in which case, they "generously" tab you for.
Problem is, you can't go for more than 10 minutes without a steady wifi connection!  Why do you not have more ports, W?  You sure are taking hundreds of my dollars for my stay.  The least you can do is have something consistent!
Bed is so-so.  Soft and low to the ground, chic, and you will wake up sore.  But, if you have drunk one too many hurricanes from Pat O'Briens, that may be the least of your concerns. Remote for tv...Taping the battery cover with black tape?  Nice touch, W!
Bathroom is quite lux! Lighting to the soft touches and sink.  
The view of the courtyard....WALL, from the fourth floor, was admirable!  The vista of a wall of taupe has never looked better!
All in all, it was relaxing, but for my first time experience at the French Quarter, and the amount I was doling out, I certainly was expecting a LOT more.  
(BTW, I had to reconnect 3 times to make this review...just had to mention this)Just stayed here for six nights with my wife and kids.  Very cool hotel with a great vide.  Service was fantastic.  Walking distance to so many places.   Only complaint is that the rooms are small and not sound proof, thus it is tough to sleep in in the AM.   But who goes to New Orleans to sleep?Stayed around 10/31/08, the room was very comfortable though the staff was a bit loud while cleaning rooms.  It's one thing to chit-chat and gossip while working but it's another to dish and hoot-holler while guests have "do not disturb' hangers on the doors.  Good thing for ear-plugs.
Whatever/Whenever service didn't work.  Early cab and check-out for to airport didn't work plannned as did the packed lunch for the trip home.
The grounds are amazing, the bar-restaurant are great though.I wish I could give negative stars. We have 4 people in 1 room with 1 king. When we pointed out the issue of 2 people without accommodations we were given 1 twin air mattress- our fourth person was told to sleep on the floor. 
W and Starwood Hotels should be ashamed of their inexcusable behavior.The hotel is beautiful, and very clean. The staff is great and very friendly. However, the room is OK. The bathroom has some kind of frosted glass, so you can pretty much see everyone's silhouette through the door. The maids slammed a lot of doors when they were cleaning, and made it a little impossible to take a nap. TV doesn't have HBO, and they overcharge for the movies ($17.99 a movie). I will say though, the staff was very attentive, and great. Especially Elijah at concierge, he was very accommodating, and personally saw through every request we made. If I was rating based on service, I would give the place 5 stars.My most recent stay at this hotel was during Halloween 2009!  By the way, if you ever decide to go to NOLA for Halloween, I highly recommend it.  I had so much fun!
I have been to this hotel many times and due to the fact that the hotel was converted from a mansion and that it is old, expect some flaws.
This is my fourth visit, and although the rooms are small, and there seems to be a sort of renovation with some of the furniture and bedding, the AC leaked and the toilet kept running after you flushed. 
On the bright side, they did get new TVs and the carpeting looked newer.
If you are paying full price for this hotel, expect some problems that will leave you with a sour face. You should not have to call the front desk for problems that are persitent all the time. 
Overall the hotel is nice and had a lot going for it, but calling maintenace to fix problems with the room is not on the menu for a fun time in New Orleans!
The staff must be new and perhaps under new management.  Everyone was welcoming and always asked if they culd help in anny way.  The outdoor courtyard has a new look to it as well.  
I would have to say that this hotel has a lot going for it.  It is much smaller than some of the other hotels nearby, so you will have a more personal experience.
I had to switch rooms two times.  The first room was a courtyard room that opened to the balcony.  The room was very nice and spacious with two double beds.  I switched the room due to condensation from the AC.  They upgraded me to a suite the next day but for only one night.  That was fine, it was a very nice room in what they call The Carriage House with an outdoor courtyard with hot tub.  The next day I settled for the standard room since the hotel was full.  It was a bit larger than most of the other standard rooms but since I payed for the room on points, they said that they would credit my account for the point difference as well as a 2K extra points for the hassle.This hotel was great! My husband and I were traveling to NOLA weekend for our baby moon as our first baby is due in June. After a lot of research we choose this hotel as it had suite with a private jacuzzi. Which was perfect so we could sight see during the day and relax in our own private spa at night! Unfortunately, due to an error on my part I picked the suite but did not pick the sweet with jacuzzi (make sure when booking you pick the rate with the jacuzzi included in the amenities it, a little confusing) when checking in we felt with the manager Debbie and Curstin! Both were incredibly sweet! After we got to our room and noticed we were upstairs with no access to downstairs courtyard where the jacuzzi was we went back to the front desk where we were informed I booked the wrong room. Curstin tried very hard to see if she could do. She let us know that that room was available the following day and we could move in the next day. As it happened it was actually booked so we weren't able to move. The manager Debbie came to our room to see what she could do to attempt to help the situation (which she did not have to do as this was my error not hers) my husband and I had already decided to change our flight and come home a little early so she graciously credited us those two days back plus an additional 300 rate decrease and also 3 vouchers for the restaurant (2 for breakfast and one with a 100 value for lunch or dinner). We were both beyond grateful as we didn't expect anything! Both ladies went above and beyond to insure our stay was amazing even though we didn't get the room with spa we were hoping for! It's service like this that will have us returning to them on our next visit to New Orleans!Staff is useless, and are not up to par with the quality I expect from the W brand. The room service is poor as well, forget to bring items necessary with the dish 
Stay at the Monteleone insteadThere is a consistent theme in my travel life and that is SPG hotels. I travel almost every week for work and, when I get a choice, I stay at an SPG hotel. The familiarity, the products, and the service are all consistent enough to make the travel fun.
I got a chance to go to New Orleans a day before a work meeting. New Orleans is one of my top three favorite cities in the US, so I was in a good mood before even landing. Knowing that I was feet away from beignets also didn't hurt. 
At the time, this hotel was going through renovations. The front desk was warm and funny. So, I thought it would be a fine visit.  
I assuming that these points have been fixed by now, but while I was there:
1. It sounded like people were trying to break into my room regularly. In the middle of the night and during the day, there was A LOT of giggling to my door handles.
2. There was a large leak in the bathroom, so when the guest upstairs flushed the toilet, the ceiling moved and leaked.
3. They offered a late checkout and the cleaning staff came three times to see if I was gone before noon.
I will definitely come back here; I just hope it is a little smoother next time. The courtyard is beautiful, the rooms are nice and the service is excellent. I would give it a try.Love this place. Everyone that works there is super nice and friendly. The staff has a great attitude and is very service driven. Great location. Great hotelMy wife and I recently stayed here for memorial day weekend.  From the moment I checked in to whenI departed, the staff took care of our every need.  Shaun at the front desk was especially nice, asking a lot of questions, making suggestions and doing little things that made us feel special.   
I love the day beds by the pool, had a great nap in those.  I love the quaint yet modern design and Abby at the  SoBou Restaurant next door was a killer bartender. Ask her to recommend other great cocktails nearby too. (And if you're lucky she may sing for you!)
We'll be back again...Just arrived not so good, room is tiny even by NYC standards. Desk personnel not so friendly, heat doesn't work in the room. Person came to fix "says wait a half hour and if it doesn't heat up call back". Really.. How long does it take to heat 120 square feet? This is not looking good and to think I could have stayed at Harrahs hotel down the street for 3 nights. Unfortunately the bad reviews seem right on so far.A W hotel.  What more is there to say.  With less than 100 rooms, you get the VIP treatment in spite of stumbling in at 4 AM and taking a dip in the pool -- they're use to being next to Bourbon Street and the calamity that it brings.  To recuperate from the long night, take a dip in the jacuzzi and then nap in the cabana.Rooms are small, Acura is never available and nowhere to put anything in shower and nowhere to out clothes. Odd layout. Good location. Would be nice if there were more umbrellas availableThis W was pretty disappointing.  I liked the idea of it.  It's in an older building in the French Quarter.  I though it would have more of an authentic feeling than a mega hotel.  In the end, I'd prefer the mega hotel that was done right.  The room was pretty small.  The carpet was ugly and had stains on it.  The bed was pretty comfy.  The duvet cover looked like it might not have been washed between guests.  There were really no amenities other than the Acura car service from 8-5 which was nice.  The wi-fi didn't work in the rooms.  We were on the fourth floor facing the street and you could hear every word people on the street said.  The courtyard area looked nice, but was under construction.  Overall, it wasn't bad, but it definitely was not worth $180 something a night.
Valet parking was also ridiculously priced at $34/night +tax.A great location, nice room (not the bathroom) friendly if incompetent staff. Even if you are a Starwoods member you do not get free WiFi. During our stay the staff was unable to do anything about the lack of hot water other than to direct us to a pricy salon around the corner. Attempts to speak to managment were ignored. They said they would give us a free night, but then changed their minds and halved the offer. Go Elsewhere!Only able to experience the pool scene at the W - which was amazing.  Arrived tipsy from a hand grenade and was pleasantly invited to join the pool atmosphere.  It was lovely to sit down under the trees to get out of the heat.
My friend joined a gay couple in the pool for some synchronized swimming only to be overcome by the chlorine.  is it to kill the extra protein floating around?  We didn't know and didn't jump in ourselves to find out.This hotel is amazing I had a great time staying here. I don't know what all the other reviews are about but the staff is extremely helpful and very fun and entertaining. They sent a bottle of champagne and balloons to my room for my birthday. They went above and beyond. Tyesha at the front desk was amazing. I will stay here again.Note- This W is a bit more of a boutique like inn as opposed to their other hotels.
That is not to say it doesn't have the W vibe, Rooms are very modern whereas the exterior looks like classic vieux carre, While that is a bit of a contrast when looking at this place, who cares? The location is outstanding, Their bar staff  makes awesome  artisan style cocktails, and are eager to please. The pool is heated and there are interesting types loitering in that area. Props to Ariel at the front desk. Very cute and accommodating for our group. All in all pleased with service at this facility run by the famous Brennan family, 
Taking one star off due to thin walls in the bedrooms. Hard to sleep here, but I guess that is par for the course when staying in the Qtr.This location is right in the heart of the French quarter and has easy access to great bars/restaurants and it's a quick walk (or stumble, depending on the time of day) over to Bourbon Street. My husband and I stayed there for a few days including New Year's Eve so we expected a little bit of craziness going on but staying in a room with cardboard walls did not attenuate ANY of the noise. On one particular night I got to hear the guy in the room next to us bring home two very ahem..loud...ladies and enjoy their company, with some nice gangster rap music playing. I will say after two hours of this, I finally called the front desk and they were very obliging and asked the guest to turn off the music. 
 My husband lives in Starwood hotels (no, really-52 weeks out of the year) so we were upgraded to a suite in the courtyard overlooking the pool area. We stayed at the hotel post-renovations and everything was done. Kudos to the designer for coming up with such a sleek, modern interior to the room but it's very clear they chose aesthetics over function (i.e., narrow plantation shutters instead of doors, small bathroom, oversized furniture which wastes space but otherwise looks cool.) The suite was super small and the bathroom was designed for a small person, which unfortunately my husband and I are not. Additionally, the ONLY mirror in the entire room is in the teeny tiny bathroom, so forget trying to do your hair or make up if the bathroom is otherwise occupied. 
We did have a fabulous private patio area with hot-tub. If you stay here definitely, definitely, try to get a room with a hot tub. 
The other downside to staying in the courtyard suite is that the doors open right up to a common space so you literally have to have the shutters closed AT ALL TIMES lest you want to give other guests a free show. 
My only other real problem with our stay was the lack of housekeeping. The shower drain had hair in it when we arrived and it looked like they hadn't swept. For the duration of the stay the most housekeeping did was give us some new towels and make the made. For the amount of money you pay here a free mint, or a quick vacuum wouldn't have gone astray. 
Bottom Line: This place is all about location. It has a great vibe and looks pretty cool it's just not the most homey and relaxing place to stay.I received quite possibly the worst service I have ever received at a hotel. First after a 10 hour drive they told us that we couldn't park in their garage because it was "too small". We had to drive around for over 30 minutes and miss our dinner reservation. Then when we tried to check in the concierge had to call her manager and disappeared for at least 20 more minutes. Over all while they might have nice facilities if you want to have a peaceful, well planned trip don't pick the W.This is my first time staying at a W Hotel anywhere.  My brother did all the booking so I can't give a review on the customer service for checking in and the bill.  I will give a review on what I like or didn't like about the hotel.
Upon arriving,  the Valet guy asked us if we needed a cart to bring all our stuff up to the room while my brother was checking us in.  We didn't need it since everyone had their own luggages.  While waiting for my brother to check in, I checked out the courtyard and pool area.  The pool of course was small but that's okay. The courtyard was very nice an quaint.  
We went up to the room and at first glance, it was a pretty decent size room with 2 queen beds and enough room for our luggages.  There was a mini fridge filled up with drinks and a section filled with snacks.  The bathroom was a bit small but big enough.  The shower was a good size as well.  I loved the "Bliss" brand facial scrub, lotion, shampoo and conditioner that was provided.  I normally use my own but I like the brand Bliss so I used it all.  I wish we had gotten room that over looked the streets or the courtyard though.  
The location is perfect.  It was walking distant to everything including Bourbon and Canal Street and the famous Cafe Du Monde.  We didn't have to use our car at all during our stay.  We walked everywhere.  
Overall, this was a good hotel.  I wouldn't say it was the best hotel I've ever stayed at but it is one that I will return to.Stayed here during mardi gras weekend, woohoo!
I had a king size 1st night then i got double queen the following 2 nights.  The 2 queen size room was definitely bigger, the queen size room's view was into the street as well which was cool.  Although Charters isn't really the popping street but bourbon is only a block or two away which was nice.
You can be close to the party but not right in the party and the noise that goes along with it. 
One thing i remember is the bathroom is semi-opaque so you can kinda see through it, a little uncomfortable when your with a group of friends, but it wasn't too bad.
The rooms were pretty clean and designed very edgy, typical of W hotels.  It was very expensive for Mardi Gras time, luckily I had lots of SPG points saved up and booked early to avoid the high nightly rate. Thumbs up for SPG program!
The concierge/receptionists were always very nice when I needed something.  There is a courtesy Acura like most W's have which is convenient.  The bellmen got my friends and me a taxi like we requested.
Excellent service as usual at the W.  Great hotel to stay out right in the French Quarter, close to everything there.Hotel on point as all W hotels are! Jeb the bartender gave some great tips where to go and his drinks were some of the best around. Micheal the concierge took the time to give us a long list of places to go and things to do. He checked in with us each day to see if we needed anything. If you are planning on hitting the pool it's pocket size. Other than that the W is the place to go.I normally stay at the Westin and when booking a business trip mistakenly ended up at this W. In hindsight it was a perfect mistake to make; the W Hotels chain tends to be more of a chic/metro/lively variety and a perfect fit for a stay in New Orleans. The rooms are modern, spacious, and simple. The staff was great and very accommodating, they love throwing free drinks around. Just make sure to be polite to everyone from the moment you check in. Cheers to that.This is an excellent hotel, exactly what you would expect from a W. 
Apparently this review needs to longer to qualify as a "review". The W is a hip hotel chain, part of the Starwood network. The beds are good. The pillows are soft. A hotel is place you can pay to sleep in in a night by night basis where most basic amenities are provided.Right in the middle of French Quarter! It's so conveniently located to Bourbon Street and all the bars and restaurants. I've stayed at other W hotels and this surely is the smallest one I stayed at. My husband and I stayed at the Spectacular Room which looked right into the courtyard area. Check-in area is very small. Next to it is a bar and a restaurant. There are only 2 elevators for the rooms. The room was spacious but the bathroom was so small. Compared to other W hotels, they lacked in toiletries as well. Best part for me are definitely the Bliss spa products.The service has been good but the walls are paper thin and the room is not well designed. There's no outlets where you need them, no hooks where you need them and the room is super small. Decor isn't relaxing or luxury, it's corny and loud. Disappointing because we have enjoyed Westin's in the past.
The pool area is nice but kinda small, nice courtyard, things seem clean which is good.Complete pieces of shit. My sister walked down to get water and they refused to let her back in her room. Laughed in her face when she told her she had a room. Refused to help my sister. When two of us came down from the room to help her the front desk continued to just laugh at us. This place is the most unprofessional place I've ever been in my life.Rumor is that they're renovating this hotel soon, and I'd say that the timing is pretty right in that regard: during this stay the faucet in the bathroom leaked all over the floor, I didn't get a bill slid under the door before checkout, and in general, things seemed a little off. In an ironic twist, not only have I stayed here before, but I'm fairly certain that they put me in the exact same room. Not earth shattering news, I realize, but an interesting coincidence if nothing else. 
You're still stumbling distance from plenty of trouble in the Quarter (if that's your bag), and it's still easy to grab a cab to and from this place (which I've found to be an extra bonus). For whatever reason, I seem to spend very little time in the Quarter when I stay here. And it's totally unfair, but having spent a little time in the brand new W in Austin, I could see why this one would be do for an oil change. Among the Ws, average doesn't really cut it. Here's hoping that my next stop here finds some new, exciting, and long overdue revelations.In theory it has everything you need, but in practice it leaves much to be desired.
On service: 
The staff don't communicate with each other, so the front desk didn't know we had reserved the car (the hotel provides an Acura SUV for guests to share) even though the driver did. When we left something in the courtyard, the front desk said the "loss prevention officer" was gone for the day at 10am and she didn't know where the lost and found was so she couldn't go check for us. After we had confirmed a late checkout with the front desk, we got two knocks from two different staff telling us we had to leave the room and then saying that the front desk didn't make a note of our late checkout.
There were a few individual staff members who were very helpful. But the front desk is shockingly useless and no number of good deeds from other staff members could make up for the obviously poor management. 
On infrastructure: 
The walls are paper thin, and the plumbing is such that your toilet runs whenever the person in the room next to you flushes. The TV reception is fuzzy. 
The pool is the size of a 6 person hot tub, but the courtyard is lovely and a nice place to chill with a drink (which you have to get from a bar down the street). 
The location is great, right in the Quarter - but the location and the courtyard are the only big pluses. I would not stay there again.Have not one single regret of booking at the W @ French Quarter, ALL staff are very friendly and attentive. I stayed for my birthday weekend they gave me a beautiful balcony room, and also the manager sent me a bottle to toast wishing me a happy birthday. I loved that they had everything at the hotel very classy and fashionable! Have no complaint what so ever, this is the place to stay at. Also everything is at a walking distance we had no problem, we did not even take our vehicle out till the day of checkout. The courtyard, pool, gym, EVERYTHING just what I was looking for. COMFORT and GREAT SERVICE!I have stayed at Doubletree hotels that are more impressive then this place. I stayed here during a recent trip to New Orleans. The check in process was very easy, and the staff was very nice and friendly. I asked if the gym was open, and response was no going through renovations. However, I could go to the other W hotel and they would let me use the facility which is 6 blocks away. The same for the restaurant- under renovations, so my dinner plans all of a sudden involved finding a place to eat near by. Getting to my room was a process too, as  it's somewhat dark in the hallway and very dark when I got to the room. I couldn't find the light switch. The room was tiny, and the carpet was disgusting. The bathroom was okay, but given that the carpet was in such bad shape it made me cringe to think I had to use the shower. - The most annoying of my stay was that I didn't get my requested wake-up call. Thank god I set my alarm on my phone. This didn't feel like a W Hotel, more like a wanna be W Hotel. My advice go to the other W Hotel.It's not worth more than $100 a night tops. It's a hip, kind of boutique hotel. Nice decor, smells good. I've had some real good experiences here, but it had nothing to do with the W, more to do with the company.I grew up reading the Vampire Chronicles from Anne Rice, 
and had always longed to someday see New Orleans and stay in the French Quarter. 
The W Hotel New Orleans feels like a boutique hotel, walking distance to the antique stores, art galleries, restaurants, shops, live music and bars. 
The French Quarter is a beautiful place to get lost in and explore, but if you do need to head a little farther out there are tons of pedicabs at very reasonable prices that you can grab on any corner.  
I love this city.  You can feel the remnants of french influence on the designs.  We had a large patio on the top floor that overlooks one of the side streets and you can feel the rich history and culture that is New Orleans.  
You'll be in the heart of french quarter, can shop and eat during the day and listen to some great live music and drink whisky til dawn.  
Would definitely stay here again.Nice hotel, but TERRIBLE service, rude employees, and DEFINITELY not worth the $500 a night rate. They overbooked, so when we arrived after 11 hours of driving, they did not have a room ready for us or a spot to park our car. After driving through Bourbon street at 8:00 pm on a Saturday night for an hour, they finally found a make shift spot for our car (which we had to pay $50 for). Another 30 minutes later, they told us that our room was ready, but when we got up to the room, there was one queen bed (we had booked 2 queen beds because there were 4 of us staying). Another 30 minutes went by before all they could do was offer a twin sized blow up (that was rock hard) and a sheet. By the time we finally got situated, we missed half of our one night stay in New Orleans, and to top it all off, there was no hot water in the shower. And by no hot water, I mean the water was ICE cold and unbearable to shower in. Another family with children were in the same room situation as us too. Needless to say, we will not be returning to this cramped hotel.W French Quarter is a great hotel from which to launch your New Orleans vacation. This low-rise jumble of buildings has a European atmosphere at home in its environs and the two rooms I've stayed in were both larger than a typical W in other cities. 
I got upgraded to the Carriage House room 333 which overlooked the courtyard, where a gurgling fountain provided the soothing sounds other hotels offer via canned musicscapes. The other room I've stayed in, 422, overlooks the street and is equally peaceful. Note that the hotel's Internet connection in 333 is pretty weak. 
At one point I asked for a taxi to the Garden District and instead they brought around the chauffered Acura SUV which was a super touch. 
It's true that this W is a little rough around the edges - the carpets are kind of worn and dirty, the floors and surfaces a bit grimy - but that's representative of its New Orleans location, and the cool, unique interior decor (tarot cards and voodoo!) more than make up for it. Primo is a big fan.second stay at this location, so much better than the first. staff changes and/or training definitely occurred since our last visit. stacy the w insider was wonderful, you can tell she loves her job. we so appreciated the personal attention. the rooms are nicely sized for the rooms in the french quarter, especially for the price. courtyard is very nice and ongoing updates/renovations are in progress. lounge not open, but no need with the portable bar area or just walk 1/2 block to the liquor store with an amazing wine selection. all around good vibeGreat place in the French Quarters to escape the "French Quarters".  It's clean and quiet and the staff is super friendly.  We would stay here again.My wife and I had a great experience. Therisa at the front desk is truly a gem! Her thoughtfullness made our stay awesome! Not to mention the valet guys (Mark in particular) and the bartenders (Jeb) rocked also. Thanks to all for the wonderful relaxing few days. Highly recommend!We booked this hotel thru Southwest Airlines and paid a premium for the room.   We checked in at 1030 am and they told us check in was at 3 but should be able to get us in earlier.   We said no problem.  At 4 pm they still had no room for us or a time table.  We had to cancel the reservations and go somewhere else.  The manager was of no help and did not offer anything while we waited.It was awful. I am so bummed... We completely expected a better experience.
      When we arrived (after the 3 o'clock check in), our room wasn't ready. Ok, not a big deal. We left our bags at the front desk and went to explore the city.  When we came back, TWO HOURS later, our room still wasn't ready...Really? Once the room was hurriedly put together, we had to wait another 40 minutes for our bags. We would have had to wait longer, but I went downstairs and found them sitting outside by the valet/pool/ driveway area.... Good thing New Orleans is an honest city and no one walked away with them... 
     The room was ok. We had a 5th floor, "Spectacular" room, on the courtyard. 
Pro's: comfortable bed...thinking, thinking....ok, the beds were about the only good thing, if they had been clean. Tiny closet, no dresser drawers, only one luggage rack, so bags were on the floor. 
     Bathroom was a lesson in poor planning.  Tiny.  No place to hang towels or even counter space to put things. All frosted glass which is a bit awkward for privacy reasons. Then, there is a giant frosted bow (yes, a bow) on one side of the mirror. Forget, two people getting ready at the same time, or two people in there at the same time, or someone with a waist size larger than a size 8. Oh, and only one soap, so be prepared to share.
      Day two, we experienced the pool and restaurant, SoBou.
The pool is small, but really nice when you need to clean off, because don't expect housecleaning to get to your room before 6pm. Yes, 6. Not fun to come back to an unmade room and want a shower after a hot, urban day of walking. Eventually, we just took clean towels and skipped the cleaning, got ready, and tried the restaurant. Again, a disappointment, though my son enjoyed the chicken. Wine was fair, but my shrimp was extremely salty and the bread burned...burned black...how can a chef plate black bread??
Anyway, I will say this: the best thing about the W French Quarter is the Fleur de Lis restaurant across the street. They had great service and delicious food. Pancakes were divine, and I'm not a pancake fan. 
Oh, and as a I write this, I have just received a notification we have been charged for something from the mini bar.... Yeah, we didn't use the over priced mini bar.LOVE. It was every thing we had expected. VERY friendly staff. We arrived early per-check in time 9am, they gladly held our bags for us, they took our number and called us when a room was ready. We strolled around the quarter and had some lunch, within a couple if hours we got the call the room was ready. We came and went all day, shopping, eating....EVERY time the door man recognized and greeted us.
The room was larger than I expected, it is a historic building in the French Quarter, therefore I figured it would be small quarters. Our room was spacious and very clean. 
The hotel is under renovation, the staff alerted us to the unavailability of the hotels restaurant and bar. NOT a problem! Who in the heck orders room service and hangs out in the hotel bar when the all the French Quarter has to offer is just foot steps away!!! 
The court yard is beautiful and serene. It was a wonderful place to sit and sip on my Cafe Du' Monde Frozen Au Lait and yelp away! 
The decor was modern. The room was comfortable. The bath was spacious. It was everything I expected from a Starwood property. 
Would I recommend a friend? Yes! Maybe two or three! We have found our new "Go-To" hotel for all our stays on the French Quarter.The hotel is very nice but one thing I noticed right away was the lack of a "Living Room" like most other W Hotels. They have a living room but it only consists of a check-in desk, sofa, table and a chair or two. Not really the standard people meeting-people watching "Living Room" with bar and cool tunes. 
The courtyard is great for relaxing and having a night cap. Not sure if they had a host delivering beverages? The courtyard at night is very nice with the lighted candles, lights and fire coming out of the fountain.
The room is your standard W room. The only bad thing I found with the room was the Armour with t.v. inside was a little worn and the t.v. could be updated.
The bathroom was nice and had the standard W towels and bath products. By the way, the Bliss products in your room cost $25 for the set if you buy them from the Bliss website. Hint, ask housekeeping for extras. I called for turn down and all towels were changed as well as the Bliss products.
I was not too happy with the valet service. Upon checking in, the valet seemed like it was his first day on the job. I called to retrieve the car in the morning at least 10 minutes prior to leaving my room and car was not ready. I actually believe the front desk staff left the desk and took nearly another 20 minutes before I received my car. It was early in the morning so that might have been unusual for them? 
The W French Corner is a great hotel and I plan to stay again. I just wished the hotel had more than one bar which is in the restaurant. The drinks are okay but I guess with plenty of other bars and restaurants near-by, it is not that much of a problem.I was so disappointed in the W in NOLA.  I have been to many types of boutique hotels in Houston, Salt Lake City, etc, so I did not expect such a bizarre experience.  It had many cons: the staff is rude, condescending and they do not like it if you ask for anything, like housekeeping requests, they will make you wait, until you give up and decide you do not need it.  I have no idea why they made it so challenging, but it seemed easier to just not ask for anything, to avoid a sarcastic responses. The staff was so edgy and irritated with guests, it was all wrong.  I think there is a lot of room for training opportunities at this location.  I will never ever go back to the W, yuck, never again.  Go to the hotel Monteleone, at least someone is working after 10 pm to help you if you lock yourself out of the room, and will not avoid you pounding on the door to get into the lobby to ask for help.  There is a camera there, they can see you but if they don't want to let you in, they will wait until your going from door to door or window peeping in for anyone to come to come to your rescue. I cannot fathom what kind of policies and procedures exist after experiencing what we experienced.  2 stars is being very generous.super convenient location.
room is also super small.
service is great!
two problems occurs while I stayed here
1. no hair dryer in the room
2. the alarm by the bed sounded at 7am ( I didn't set it) it woke me up and I was quite pissed. especially this weird looking alarm after I unplug it still continue to make noise. 
3. after the alarm sounded I called the whenever whatever and for 10 minutes no one answer the phone. so I gave up. call again at 9am spoke to the supervisor. she apologized and gave me some credit to make me feel better.
so why I give 3 stars? 
I am a true believer of mistakes happens but as long as the company is welling to compensate or to correct the problem to make the customer feel better or happy then it's good customer service.My friend stayed here a little under a week and had problem after problem...yes the hotel is beautiful both inside and out but don't let that fool you.  
For instance one night we called down to have our car pulled out of the garage approx. 10 minutes before heading downstairs and what a surprise it was when it took an additional 30 minutes for it to come out.  The bellman kept saying  "we are totally slammed", YET  there wasn't one other person out there waiting for a car so I don't know what the heck they were talking about.  My friend actually proceeded to walk back there to search for his car...WORST WAIT EVER and I park in NYC and PHL all the time!
CONS
Maid service arrived late
mini bar was never restocked the entire trip
For the money you will spend go elsewhere.
PROS
LOCATION
DECOR
GROUNDSSorry....The W New Orleans spells DISAPPOINTMENT. My 4 night stay there included MAJOR construction below my room EVERY day. Jack-hammers, drilling, breaking of glass. I made a long trip to enjoy a vacation, and was greeted by this mess. I was not alerted prior, and honestly during this time, they shouldn't even sell rooms. When speaking to the manager, I was given a "slight" discount, but it did not make up for the fact I was more tired than ever while visiting this wonderful city. Shame on The W....Starwood points or not, I will not visit again.I've stayed at several other W Hotels in USA and foreign countries, and I generally like W Hotel brand and the services it offers.  And yet, this W Hotel in French Quarter seemed to me somewhat lower in its general quality than other W Hotels.  The room and the bathroom both cannot be rated by any means as having good amenities and comfortable vibes.  And yes, as others have noted, the bathroom was rather small.  I don't have any complaint as to the services proffered by the staff members of this hotel.  They all seemed to be well-trained; but, on the other hand, the staffs in all other W Hotels had been equal or even better in some cases.  The restaurant was good, but not fantastic.    
The good thing about this hotel is its location.  All the iconic watering holes and cafes in this area are in a walking distance from this hotel.  The guests of this hotel wouldn't need a car to look around the vicinities.  That is a big plus.Stayed here during mardi gras and loved this hotel and the black marble bathroom, light dimmers, robes, and the window I had used to climb out straight into the courtyard. Hotel doesn't really care about noise so you could be as loud and wild as you want! Holla.Have stayed at the W in NYC (three of their locations) and was very impressed, especially by the one near Union Square.  Slick, modern, clean, and full service.  The W in the French Quarter seemed more like a fancy Hampton Inn.  A bit seedy and tacky.  Service ok, but nothing special.  In the future I would opt for the Monteleone or other local hotel.Pretty weak three, frankly, But I'll give it benefit of the doubt based on a good location and a good dinner recommendation from the front desk.
The hotel itself is quirky, with what seems like a random layout - I couldn't figure it out all the way, but also didn't really explore and try to map it. I just know how to find my room. I was originally very confused that the rooms weren't accessible from the lobby, but the hotel is obviously built in to an older building that wasn't intended to be a cookie cutter "tower" hotel.
I'm not proud, but I did get an upgrade from the standard room when I checked in, which was a pleasant surprise. Not sure what the upgrade entailed, but probably just physically larger. Supposedly each instance of this class of room was "uniquely decorated" but...I don't think I could really tell.
Mattress was comfortable enough, except for maybe the worst case of non-fitted, and ill-fitting sheets I've yet encountered. I hate waking up in an un-tucked wad of sheets. Do I just not know how to use a bed, or is this simply ridiculous?? Good overstuffed pillows though, I did like that.
Bathroom was fine - could use a little more direct lighting for shaving, but great water pressure, etc. My only complaint was it was a bit cramped - even for one person - and there wasn't a good place to hang a towel where it could get some air circulation and dry out overnight. Again, not a building designed to be a modern hotel, but also no bathroom ventilation, which would be welcome in a humid climate like this.
Parking is spicy - $47/night for valet after taxes, but that seems to be the norm around here. Still hurts, though. Also not sure why every morning they have adjusted the mirrors randomly - I get (but don't like) when they adjust your seat, but adjusting the mirrors seems really odd. In general, staff are friendly and helpful, providing the aforementioned great dinner recommendation (Kingfish, probably my favorite meal from this past week). The price here wasn't insane, considering it's a W in a good location, but it's not cheap either when you factor in that parking and the fact that there's no lounge with breakfast a la the less expensive (and granted, less "cool") Sheraton nearby.
I dunno. W's aren't designed for people like me. This place was fine, but I would try some place with more amenities that I actually take advantage of. Sheraton takes lots of crap for being soulless, and they usually are, but the ease of getting some quick breakfast early in the morning really saves me some hassle as a business traveler. I'll trade the W style for that. I think if I was on vacation, I would appreciate this a little more.This place was horrible. I booked a stay in one of their nicest rooms for my Dad's birthday (he would stay in the next room) and walking into the room I could see it was going to be a big disppointment. 
The room was like a big black box-  dark wallpaper, black headboard, black carpet, black TV, black curtains. There was no french influence and the beds were creaky and stiff. 
My family and I went to stay at New Orleans' Ritz Carlton which I highly reccomend!This review is for the bar/restaurant that opened just three weeks ago. Absolutely gorgeous ambiance, excellent service, and strong tasty cocktails. This was such a breath of fresh air from the the sweltering 90 degree heat outside; entering the W lounge was a welcoming oasis. As a vacationing northerner (though I was born in LA, but certainly not raised here) I figured I should try a mint julep (: It was delicious! I also had the oyster taco, which was pineapple and oyster ceviche with coleslaw on a grilled tortilla-yum!
I noticed before ordering that there was foie gras on the menu, and I oohed and ahhed that they served that. "You must be from California then," the bartender said with a slight southern accent and turned up half smile. This lead to talks of the undercover prohibition-like pop-ups being done in SF around the coveted goose-delicacy, and this somehow led to small local batch drinks, which lead to the bartender giving a complimentry tasting of sage-infused vodka that was very refreshing. 
Love the "W.' (:We stayed here to ring in the new year and have some fun in a nice place close to the action but with the seclusion needed to relax. This is a boutique W Hotel- definitely unusual for the W  chain standard. Lots of French Quarter charm with a cute tiny courtyard and heated pool.
Pros: great location, cute courtyard, kind staff- (side note-in general NOLA people are amazing!)
Cons: This place was missing some fairly standard W amenities due to the boutique feel and lack of space (examples: counter-space in bathrooms- a gal wants to get dolled up for New Year's Eve and this was quite difficult even after being upgraded to a Spectacular room,  hot tub with pool, hotel sundry-for-purchase-area, abysmal gym, no biz area or large meeting space like in a typical hotel- they do have an event space but it is TINY). As it is smaller and lacks a number of rooms it means waiting to get into your room at check-in-even with platinum status) , When you do arrive it is difficult to navigate with bags to check-in / lobby from street. And if it's cold the courtyard (which is one of the hotel's most charming features) is of no use, 
Room Cleanliness: pretty clean, a light bulb out in the closet and the tv remote was missing when we arrived, a chipped glass cup... All of this presented nothing alarming at all but displayed an overwhelming lack of attention to details and caring. Usually do not see this even at economy type hotels- and have never seen this at a $400/night hotel. 
Please note- at this hotel you do not want a room facing the street- you want a hotel room that faces inward to the courtyard- these are the best- but even the spectacular rooms which tout having a balcony - do not necessarily have good views - and the "balcony" in a spectacular room on floor 2 is just a door to an outside shared space... not my idea of privacy or luxury. 
While there are many things I did not like about this hotel the location was nice and I slept well here. I would stay here again- but only if I found a good rate. Had the weather been better on the trip maybe the charm of the hotel would have been more apparent.First time visiting New Orleans I was with kids and hubby for just one night stay the hotel was not bad very nice service but the food at their restaurant a little pricey for me and not so tasty the wine selection was good so I was happy with that not so many food options for kids(if are going to stay with your kids here go and find other places to eat since we have never stay here before I didn't know any better) other then that I will stay with them again on my next visit but will go and explore other food options :)Very good service, whatever whenever is practiced regularly.  The courtyard is gorgeous and the location to all things on bourbon is fantastic.  
However its not your typical W. 
Once you walk in, you will realize that its a converted hotel, not built specifically as a W hotel but turned into a W. 
For those looking for the quintiessential W hotel experience should check out W. New Orleans since in looks alone the W. French Quarter is lacking.  
Paper thin walls do not help the situation.I give it one star because it's a fantastic location. After flying in on a red eye, we were absolutely exhausted and just wanted to take an early afternoon nap. The comforter however was completely covered in smegma. I called down to the front desk and requested that the duvet cover be changed. The girl that came to change it told me that they only change it if it clearly looks soiled, which was rare (her own words). We put the Do Not Disturb sign on the door and decided to take a nap. It was early in the afternoon around 11 or so; next thing we knew in our delirious sleep state I heard somebody knocking on the door but we were too asleep to really wake up to answer. By the time i came to, someone opened the door and as soon as it opened, it slammed shut. Whoever was coming into our room to do god knows what, saw that we were sleeping; they were clearly not expecting us to be there. This definitely made me feel vulnerable and like somebody was casing the joint. apparently at the W French Quarter Do Not Disturb means please come into my room and steal my crap while I'm out bouncing around the town. I am a huge fan of Starwood Preferred Guest hotels and I've never had a problem like this in the past or since. We called Starwood Preferred Guest immediately, canceled our reservation, went to the local Sheridan and had a fantastic experience. I recommend that you only stay at the W French Quarter if you are interested in having your stuff rifled through and possibly stolen from or if you like sleeping in other peoples who knows what.My visit began with the absolute worst customer service know to modern man.  Several phone calls into an attempt to change a reservation, I realized I was not dealing with "cream of the crop" talent here.  W refers to their employees as "talent".  The girl was so rude and impatient with me that I opted to hang up, polietly, and call back the next day. Thank GOD I had that option, otherwise, I'd be ashamed at myself for losing control.  I'm not EVEN going into detail here, I'm being very gentle. The girl who answered the phone each time I tried to take care of this was just NOT what I would consider talent, or even polite.  It took 5 tries, yes 5!, to just speak to anyone!  She answered, I voiced my request, and was put on hold each time.  I managed to speak with a manager-type, the following morning,  who was able to make the simple adjustment I requested.  I declined to go into detail re: said CS talent.  I'll see what happens when I get there.  
Check in was uneventful.  Thank goodness!  But wi-fi was an issue and, anytime you're traveling for biz you NEED this, after waiting for what was surely 30 mins, I was finally hooked up. And it's not free. Not the end of the world by any means, but still aggravating.
The hotel itself is beautiful, the location is STELLAR.  I'm a happy-go-lucky  kinda girl, but DANG!  Nobody wants to struggle through a hotel stay.  I'll give it another go, sure.  And I hope the comments I shared are/were helpful to this W.This was my husband's and my first stay at the W in the Quarter. We had a room with a king size bed and a balcony. The room was on the smaller end but nice. The only problem was that with the balcony being right on the street the sound level in the room was bothersome until the early morning hours.  
The W cost twice as much as Omni Royal (where we stayed on our last visit) but lacks in charm, service, amenities and peacefulness. There is no lobby - just a check-in room. I love lavish hotel lobbies that make you feel like you've arrived somewhere special. 
The front desk staff at the W are young and inexperienced. There is no concierge. 
The pool area is nice but each one of the evenings we where there (Wednesday - Sunday) there were private parties in the courtyard so it was not open to the hotel guest. The party also ended up in the hallway right outside our room, with yelling, laughing even whistle blowing - hotel security did address it due to complaints from other hotel guests after about 1 hour of craziness between 1-2am. 
We ordered room service for our first breakfast (there is no restaurant on site) that was greasy and uneatable. The rest of the stay we walked over to the Omni Royal for their amazing breakfast buffet with omelette station in the Rib Room. 
My husband forgot his cell phone in the room after we had checked out. We returned before we left for the airport to pick up our bags and inquire in the phone had been found. They had their cleaning staff check the room and when they didn't find the phone, my husband got a key to check the room himself. Once back home, we called the following day to speak with their lost and found department - that was closed and we were asked to call back. We called back later in the day, but they were on a different call but would call us back. We never received a call back. We're still hoping they find the phone and which that their front desk staff would have been a little bit more interested in assisting us rather than greeting my husband upon his return from searching the room with a cheerful 'any luck?' 
I wouldn't stay at the W again.My Mom and I stayed here while visiting for a few days. When we arrived we were greeted warmly and our bags were brought into the smallest lobby I've ever been in. After checking in we were told to wait a minute while they check on our room.  All the available seating was being used by other guests so we just stood there with our bags... looking cray. The concierge did ask us if we would like to go to the bar in the next room and have a drink but at that point I just wanted to put my bag up and freshen up before doing that. I noticed the folks that were sitting down giving me knowing glances and another gentleman that was standing nearby looking almost livid so I asked him how long he had been waiting for his room and he said 10 minutes. After 20 minutes we were finally given keys and directed to our room. I noticed another women check in after us and then she left, I thought she had already been given a room but saw her in the courtyard on our way to our room. I guess she knows the routine .They seriously need to get that together!  I thought it was a very stylish hotel , a bit on the small side but I like that. They could use a few more hooks in the bathroom. The walls are paper thin and just our luck there was a crying baby on one side and a loud TV on the other. I would suggest getting that check- in thing together and/ or automatically serving up complimentary drinks and snacks. I'm not sure what they can do about these walls at this point. The location is amazing but I would gladly stay in any of the other options instead .This W location is not my favorite.  That said, let me start with the pros:  location is in the heart of the French Quarter,  so you're close to shops, restaurants, tourist attractions. It's also a quick walk to the shops at Canal. The courtyard is adorable -- French Quarter style with that W touch.  The front desk staff is friendly and helpful.  The bell staff was very nice and attentive.  Now for the cons:  We checked in around 5:30pm, and our room smelled terrible.  It smelled like lemon cleaner was used to cover another bad smell.  The smell was overwhelmingly strong, my friend and I simply could not stay.  The employee at the front desk happily provided us with a new room and gave us a couple of free drink coupons that we could use for ANYTHING at the bar ( FYI - turns out that's not the case, it's up to $12). The new room also had an odd smell, which was described as the W scent (lol). I've stayed at other W Hotels and I can't say I've ever encountered this scent in the past.  The oddest issue was the water. It had a slimy feel to it. I'm not sure how else to describe it except that it felt like it just stays in your skin.  I can't quite figure out the housekeeping schedule. We left our hotel in the morning, returning around 4:30 in the afternoon.  Our room had not been yet been cleaned.  Around 5-5:30 as we were getting ready for dinner, they came to the door. We opted just for towels since the time was inconvenient.  There is a bar and restaurant attached to the hotel. We stopped in the bar a couple of times, and it was fine. The bartenders are pretty laid back, and serve you when they're ready. The restaurant was always pretty empty.  Overall, I didn't love it here and would likely try another hotel in the area.Almost everyone at the front desk was friendly upon check-in and check-out. The only gripe that we had was one girl that answered the phone and gave a bit of attitude. Sorry, I'm not about that life hun!
The room itself was cozy and had two comfy queen beds. We were able to fit 5 girls in the room comfortably not to mention the wall art that we had in the room on the ceiling of a King of Hearts playing card. There was a cute lounge area in the back of the hotel that included white furniture so it had an Art Deco South Beach type of feel. Had it not rained, we would've enjoyed more time down there.
Location wise this property can't be beat. It's in a relatively safe area close to Canal St. and Bourbon St. There are lots of chain around here (Starbucks, Popeyes, Walgreens) as well as psychic reading shops every other store. Just about everything is there in the vicinity of other large hotels as well as the casino.
Some things I encountered that bothered me: the gates lock at a certain point and you always have to have a key to get access to go up in the elevator but they don't really tell you that so you're pretty lost for a few mins before you notice. The layout of the hotel is also somewhat hard to navigate. 
Lastly, you are charged for every little thing so beware. We requested an auxiliary cord that costs $25 if not returned. Umbrellas if not returned are $60 each. My hubby special ordered chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of cheap champagne that were $30 (strawberries) and $90 (champagne). It wasn't worth it. The strawberries were small, old and the chocolate looked extremely messy. Room service isn't available past 11pm so we had to call a delivery joint around the corner. It wasn't bad especially for the price and quick delivery service.
If I didn't get an employee rate, I wouldn't stay at this property for what it would have cost otherwise.I've never felt so serene in a hotel. This is the epitome of what a classy hotel is. The pool, the court yard, the fantastic room with a view. Hands down the best hotel experience ever!This may be my favorite hotel in the entire Starwood system.
Unlike many Ws, this one is smaller and boutique-y. Despite May weather climbing toward the 90s, our room was a cool and comfortable oasis. We completely lucked out and snagged an upgrade to a second-floor room with a private balcony over-looking the corner of Chartres and Conti Street.
This is New Orleans, so to me the perfect hotel has comfortable rooms, is centrally located, yet reasonably quiet. Check. Check. Check. I don't need tons of hotel amenities because I'm in New Orleans so I want to be in the city. But that said, the courtyard was a wonderful place to relax. The small swimming pool looked like a perfect place to cool off though we were too busy for that. And the on-site restaurant SoBou had quite good food and drinks.
The staff were so kind and helpful throughout the stay. One of our best restaurant recommendations came from the Bellhop. The front desk was unfailingly helpful.
I really have no cons aside from the rooms have connecting doors. The room next to us had four people staying there, and one night we could hear two of the people getting, ahem, amorous. Eww, although not as bad for us as it must have been for their roommates. Would be nice if they could do something to sound proof those connecting doors.
The bathrooms are smaller than the other W in New Orleans (which is also quite good) and this one is definitely in a louder location, but I don't care about bathrooms and the location thing is a tradeoff. I'd rather be right in the French Quarter.This place is certainly breathtaking when you first walk in. It is a French boutique style hotel, which means it looks really cool, but in the end is fairly small. The staff is excellent and on top of things, and the courtyard by the pool is a really neat touch. 
Cons: The bathroom looks nice upon first examination, but is small and could use an engineering update; the door must remain locked or else it's going to hit you in the behind as it swings open by default while you stand in front of the mirror. Also, if you are a SPG member and they offer you 250 points for the "Green Option" where they don't change out your towels, don't go for it. It means they also don't remove your trash, change out your sheets, or do anything in your room (we had to call the front desk to deliver toilet paper). 
Pros: The privacy, a nice deck/courtyard for lounging when the weather is nice, a temperature controlled outdoor pool, and really great interior design that makes you feel like you're in a posh, funky hotel appropriate for the New Orleans vibe. Last but not least, the restaurant on site, Sobou, is an experience you shouldn't miss. Great food that is inspired, unique, and delicious!This is a two star review only because of its location - here goes.  I recently stayed here again and won't do so in the future - the positive notes are (1) location, (2) water pressure, and (3) politeness of valet staff - the negatives are (1) small room for the price, (2) room had TWO adjoining rooms to it, and I could hear the other inhabitants of those rooms (thin walls), (3) worn, chipped furniture, (4) trouble obtaining hot water, (5) obvious water damage and caulking in the bathroom - not expected in a W and also (6) lack of response of manager to whom I sent an email 4 days agoI would not recommend this hotel unless you spend your whole time in the restaurant which was great or away from hotel. The rooms are dark & feel very dingy. Service is very shoddy. I checked in at 6p and my room was not ready even though check in is at 3p. I was confronted by a staff member at my room door about a situation which was their fault,  which was completely inappropriate. I also had to go ask them to clean my room since they did not for 2 days. I usually really like W's and that's why I chose it, but this one I will never revisit.We just finished a 3 night stay for our anniversary. I would rate the location of this hotel a 5, but overall the hotel a 4. We loved how close the hotel was to almost everything, it's located in a great part of the French Quarter, not too far from the Waterfront, Garden district is a street car ride away and warehouse district is a walk or quick cab ride. 
We came into this stay with an open mind as many reviews before are hit or miss. We definitely think it was a hit! The staff was helpful and friendly upon arrival and through out our stay from Jenee at the front desk, Elijah the concierge to the valet and bellmen who were always outside to help or lend some advice from drinks and dinner to tourism. Our first evening they surprised us with dessert and a bottle of champagne for our anniversary which was awesome!
We had drinks and apps at the hotel SoBu a couple nights, it was great to have somewhere to start or end the night. The hotel courtyard is beautiful and a nice oasis during the stay when you need a break. We didn't use the pool, as it's really small. So many amazing places to eat within a quick walk like NOLA, Doris, and it's really close to Jackson Square.
Our room had a great view of Chartres street. We def noticed some rooms have privacy issues because rooms open up to shared decks so try to avoid those rooms. The hotel is an old building so doors slamming in the hallway was probably the worst part of the stay. The hall noise carries pretty far, but take this as a warning and try to ignore it. Also the bathroom configuration is strange and there is no real counter. It would have been nice to have a real bathroom counter. 
Overall we liked it and would recommend it based on the location alone. But the helpful staff and intimate atmosphere made it a plus.Best stay ever.  Felt like we were staying in our own apartment.   All the amenities, very clean.  The pool.... amazing.  The outdoor lounge patio, I only wish it was warmer.  Front desk and house keeping were stars to me.  I literally felt like the Rock Star me, and my husband were fully appreciated while we stayed at the W FRench quarter........
oh wait did I mention the pool?Serious disappointment! cockroaches in the room! Front Desk service was similar to the airport TSA uninterested. I asked for an upgrade and was told not going to happen, yet the folks next to me were told, many cancellations due to the storm and we have plenty of rooms available, interesting....... When I pressed for the upgrade again I was told to check back tomorrow, I did first thing and the same uninterested person said the same, not going to happen.
I must add that the location was perfect and the Acura car service was great.
Oh and the restaurant no longer exists and was told I could have menu's to restaurants that deliver if interested! I would have stayed some place else had I known this in advance so I asked why this is not told at the time the reservation was made, they said well you have to click here then click someplace else and your right its not very easy on the website to get that information.Giving four stars for the location and the awesome valet guy, Roy. We had to ask for towels both days we were there because housekeeping forgot to give us towels when they cleaned our room. We LOVED Roy. He was so awesome and SOOO helpful. Went far above and beyond a valet guy. He was absolutely awesome. The room service breakfast was really good too.Very friendly staff, in great location with beautiful courtyard. Bliss bathroom products are always great. 
Hotel is missing some common amenities though; no where to hang a hand towel in the bathroom near the sink. Tile floor in bathroom/shower is incredibly uncomfortable. Pillows deflate pretty easily and don't provide much support. Room is exceptionally dry. And the satellite signal isn't good, so if you're watching tv, expect it to flicker on and off.Felt more like a boutique hotel than a chain. Since I am partial to gray and purple color schemes, the decor pleased me. The front desk/concierge did not do a great job advising the person in front of me on restaurant recommendations, nor did he demonstrate much enthusiasm in doing so. The "living room," where the front desk is located, was useful for coffee in the morning, water in the afternoon, and the occasional apple.
The room itself was nice -- plush bed and robe, pretty view into the courtyard, bliss spa toiletries and a spacious bathroom with walk-in shower. The funny W touches were everywhere, from the random kaleidoscope in the room to the phrases on rugs and whatever/whenever popping up all over.
We especially enjoyed lounging and reading in the cabanas outside. The pool is tiny -- don't expect to bring 3 friends here and go swimming together! 
Overall, a satisfying stay, but nothing exceedingly exceptional.I decided to stay here when SPG sent me a deal for $119/night when I have spent $189-229 in the past. We were on our way to Florida for a week and I thought this would be a nice way to break up the drive. From the moment we arrived, the staff went out of their way to make sure we had a "Whatever, Whenever" experience. We had a room with 2 doubles which is much better than the single King  room in terms of size....if you are feeling like a Mac Daddy, stay in the Courtyard Suite with the hot tub! I know first hand that you can fit at least 8 people.Hotel is beautiful and charming, great location with wonderful bar and patio.
In reading the reviews, i cant beleive that no one is commenting on the bathrooms.  Yes, they are small, which is not big deal, but they have glass doors...lightly smoked glass, but you can absolutely see in.  In our room, the bathroom door faced into the room, so when someone was on the toilet, you could pretty much see everything.  not to mention, the glass doors have a gap, so you can also hear everything.  GROSS!  and just stupid on the part of architects.  Nothing sexy about watching someone on a toilet.
Staff was very friendly and helpful, but room staff missed alot.  Did not replenish shampoo & stuff when they were used, did not replace coffee, never left enough towels.  We had to call EVERY morning for towels and shampoo/conditioner.  
The location and patio are enough to want to stay again, but only if they have rooms with restrooms that do not have glass doors...again GROSS!Room was clean, although no places to hang towels. Not a lot of room for luggage. The linens were in my opinion scratchy compared to other W's we have stayed at. The other thing was loud arguing in the hallway two of the nights we were there. Took over an hour for staff to arrive and remove the problem.... Also the lounge area is amazing if it did not smell like cat urine. 
Good was a drink when checking in to start the Halloween weekend off. Fast and simple check in. Staff was friendly and helpful. Soubu has some amazing food as well.
Overall the Hilton Riverside had better rooms, staff, and linens which is surprising to me. My wife wins the hotel round this trip. My choice of the W had convenience.I didn't even stay here but the service was crazy amazing! I met three behind the counter (two concierge people and the valet guy) who totally helped us figure out what to do one night. They also let me get into their "gum ball" machine. After turning the knob, a plastic bubble would come out with "fortunes" folded up in side. The big prize was a free night (after you booked two nights). Instead of trying for them, they just gave me three of the coupons since my friends said I told them I stay at the W quite often. I mean, I am a Preferred Guest. The lobby is super tiny, but well decorated and chic. It is a little off from Bourbon street which may sound like the place offers a little bit of peace. I really dig the outside patio, in its very sensual, dim-lighted and sexy environment. The valet guy was crazy too, from Australia, totally chopping it up with us. Too bad I was still too shy to ask to use the bathroom. 
OH FUNNY STORY!
So, there was one bathroom in the restaurant next door that we were told we could use. My one friend went in first and when he would return, I would sit on the nice porcelain. So, now it is my turn, and I like taking my time dropping the kids off at the pool. I guess my friends who are waiting for me tell the valet guy to pretend that he is the owner of the restaurant who storms into the bathroom yelling, "Who is not a customer using my bathroom!" I almost shat in my pants, but good thing, I was done and flushing the toilet as he started his tirade. Don't we all feel a little uncomfortable using the restaurant of an establishment to which we aren't giving any real business? Well, I know I do, and I would have FREAKED had I still been on the toilet. I don't know what I would have done.
Anyway, I told the team at the W that I would send them a postcard when I go to Australia since the Wooloomooloo hotel, the former W Sydney, was there. I have already been there but did not send them a postcard. I hope this review is a placeholder until I come around to sending them something nice in the mail. 
Great threesome. WHOA! Those three people were great! -MattSupposedly they have recently finished a remodel.  The hotel is boutiquey and has 5 floors fitting in perfectly with the French Quarter.  I Enjoyed my stay here and will be back.  It's in a great location and reminds me of the Mondrian south beach.  The staff is excellent.The concierge Sebastian went above and beyond for my wife and I today.  We stopped by and asked if he knew where we could find a specific item and he called around to different stores to see if they had it in stock.  When I told him that wasn't necessary he was already on the phone making calls and found it.  He then marked the store on a map and pointed out some other hidden gems for us to check out.  Best service I have received in a long time.  I highly recommend seeking his advice.i park at chartres  street french quarter location. everyone at this location is very nice friendly and helpful but ms.carmen hillard is the best person there.she is always greeting us with her heart full smile, and is doing a superb job. not only she is very efficient but she always goes beyond the calls of her duty.she brightens my day like a sunshine.thank you for having such a good employee.
nasir khan.Wait, this is supposed to be a nice hotel?
Where do I start? 25 minutes to check into two rooms. 
Both rooms were supposed to be the same, but one was half the size of the other. Oh well. 
No TV remote anywhere. Call down, we'll send one up. Never comes. 
Things were okay until about 7am when the construction noise from upstairs woke me up. I opened the shutters to find the trash chute six inches from my window. Sounded like wheelbarrows full of tile and glass were being sent down. So much for sleeping in. Called the desk and asked why they put me in the room with the trash chute (the hotel was not remotely full). No real answer. Said they'd send an "accommodation" - never did.
This "W" is very clearly some old hotel they did some renovating to, slapped their logo on, and doubled the rates. Skip this mess. There are plenty of way nicer places for the same money.Great location. 
Service was hit and miss, and personally I found a lot of the design elements to be rather annoying (little things like toilet paper holder mounted in an awkward spot and ill-fitting sheets that kept exposing the bare mattress). Overall my visit was delightful but I'm not sure I'd stay there again.I would not stay here. But then again I will not stay in French Quarter again unless I stay at maybe the Westin. This little boutiquish hotel was filthy. The shower was growing mildew. The floor where I dropped the washcloth was dirty and how do I know? My OCD brother took a washcloth and wiped the floor that came off black on the cloth. BLACK! My brother booked this online and it was non-refundable. If it had been me, I would have opened the door and turned around to go get a refund and driven over to the Westin or gone up St. Charles. Filthy. No plugins...they had about 4 outlets and these\ outlets had these things to expand to 6 outlets and every space was used with some gadget plugged in. The decor was cheap and old. Cluttered tiny room, filthy bathroom and overpriced for such terrible accommodations. If you are here to party, and want to get drunk, you will not care. If you are not here to be drunk, keep looking and preferably stay out of French Quarter.The location wasn't the easiest to find but thank god I had a New Orleans Native to help me navigate the wild back alleys. 
The view from my room wasn't anything to wrote home about but the room was spacious and fulfilled all my needs.The room was somewhat small, but comfortable for a couple. The goose down bedding was incredible.
The Hotel itself is a very charming and comfortable. Upon check-in, we were wowed by the ambiance of the entire hotel (the courtyard was breathtaking)
 The hotel is very close to Bourbon Street and everything was within walking distance.  
All in all it was a great stay nothing to AMAZING but well worth the expedia discount : )I love NOLA because of the people, food, culture, and history that surround it. The W French Quarter helped my mom and I get the best out of our stay. Because there is so much to do in the city, not much time needs to be spent in the hotel. Mainly we woke up in the morning and got free breakfast in the SoBou restaurant (highly recommend this option for SPG members) and then came back late at night. I would definitely recommend this hotel for SPG members.Wonderful experience! My husband and I were staying there for the planning and duration of our wedding being held in the quarter. The staff was amazing! They were completely accommodating and allowed our entire family to take our wedding photos in the courtyard and the restaurant hosted our after party post reception. I would absolutely stay here again, to be honest I didn't want to leave. Thanks everyone and great job!Location is the key to this hotel. Everything else pretty much sucks. It's run by kids who couldn't be nicer but don't know what the hell they are doing. We weren't able to check in when we arrived, they were delayed over 4 hours.  Don't get room 227. It's right be the gym and all you hear is pounding and treadmills running all morning. Not my favorite Starwood property.This is my FAVORITE hotel in New Orleans. Outside of one of my visits this is the Hotel I stay at. If you can try to get one of the courtyard rooms. Once I stayed in the room with the balcony above the room w the Jacuzzi. That was a fun extended weekend! The other room I stayed in  had a great view of the courtyard which is sooo beautiful at night. Location wise, everything was about a 5-10 min walk. Maybe less, I was drunk the majority of the time. Room Service was wonderful. They even sent Champagne and a card up for my boyfriends birthday.If You really want to get to know your SO Better stay in this place. It is very small. We had the Fabulous Room which didn't seem so Fab... The air conditioning didn't work well and You know how muggy and humid N.O. can be.  The bathroom is tiny You couldn't fit 2 people in it Let alone turn around in it If You were in it alone. It has a very eclectic "Upscale" design which I'm not attracted to... very low lighting dark walls and furnishings and barely any natural light. Not Impressed. Especially for the price we paid to stsy. 
However Very Impressed with the Staff at The Hotel.... They were very accommodating helpful and genuinely kind. We needed to extend our stay one more night and we received 4 Free Drink Vouchers and 1/2 off Food for The Restaurant located in the hotel. Greg was The Man.... He gave great suggestions about where to hang out.... Who had the best breakfast lunch and dinner and the most efficient ways to get around the city....BOOM GREG GETS ***** 5 STARS *****Pros: very friendly staff, from receptionists to waitresses at SoBou to drivers. Great location. 
Cons: the hotel is not finished. We booked a king bed but they put us in a double bed saying all the kings were booked (???). Got to the room : bed was not done, room was dirty. Got another room and moved to a king bed the day after. There was nothing in the room, not even the usual book with room service (is that even available?). 
Gym? We were told it was done. I showed up:5 workers were there painting the walls. Went back to reception and they said they didn't know(???). Went to gym of other W instead.
Business center? Not here. Had to go to Sheraton to print boarding passes.
Quiet? Nope, walls are thin, you can hear everything.
Crowd? Don't know. We mostly saw construction workers going up and down. And by the way the elevators are scary.
Pool? Tiny but ok, although we didn't use it.
Also HD channels never worked, water was either cold or hot in bathroom (it was boiling hot on last day... impossible to take a shower).
Will not go back.This could have been a 4-star review - however, communication during check-in with the front desk was frustrating. They couldn't find my reservation (I had to direct them) - they didn't upgrade at first because they didn't think I was a preferred member, again I had to direct them - then I had to wait 2 hours for my room - Their front desk person smacking her gum the entire time was not as professional as she should have been - that being said, I loved my room (like she said I would) - it is austere, but that's part of the package - the extra large bathroom also doubled as a staging/bar area for me.  The restaurant downstairs makes good, but very pricey drinks - it's not part of the W itself. The location is incredible and worth it in my opinion.EXCELLENT STAY From Day 1, First love the chic boutique style close to everything and even a fancy restaurant. STACIE first greeted me and was so kind made quick reservations and had much knowledge... MARK at VALET, SEBASTION, CHANDLIER were AWESOME they have so much information and will take care of you they suggested a few places and told me who to ask for and went SMOOTHLY make sure to take care of everyone, they truly go above and beyond. CHESTER Maintenance guy is the Bomb.com.... I left my windows open one night and had bugs .. ughh dumb me and called downstairs we got another room. I had a few billing issues, but were taken care by DENNIS the manager right away. SHAWN is incredible patient so kind and adorable. 
POOL WAS FUN ALWAYS HAD PEOPLE SO WAS LIVELY!!!
FOOD EXCELLET YOU MUST TRY THE BURGER!!
25CENT MARTINI A MUST AS WELL GREAT TASTE, AND HITS THAT SPOT!! nothing cheesy in these parts!!
I WAS WALKING DISTANCE TO EVERYWHERE, it was safe and great staff to keep me happy.. I went with my 16 year old daughter who absolutely loved it there too...
I always love staying at the W but something about this one was very special I guess its all the NEW ORLEANS LOVE.... New Orleans have the nicest people and most welcoming.. 
Thank You W TeamWonderful experience ! The valet attendant Jay made our night ! A smile , courteous demeanor , and very knowledgeable of the area! I appreciate you very much ! Great hotel , clean, and very chic! An excellent stayChic, friendly vibe. Beautiful courtyard! I could just lay out there all day. Great location in the French Quarter. I liked this boutique hotel.I was expecting this hotel to be fabulous, and was disappointed.  The rooms are in tones of chocolate brown and gray, and given that this is New Orleans, I would have expected at least a shot of violet or crimson red somewhere.  I was given a room with two double beds and a view of Rue de Chartres below, which was nice (unless you need absolute quiet to sleep - I have no problem sleeping anywhere).  It was a spacious room - no complaint there - but there was this huge flat screen TV blocking the artwork over the desk, the desk lamp didn't work, and worst of all, my shower was ICE cold.  No tub, but that's the W for ya.  Had to call Whatever/Whenever to get the shower fixed.  They sent up two repair persons, but couldn't fix it for hours.  I later got a message it was all fixed, and received a nice split of wine for the aggravation.  The next morning, I went to shower and guess what? -  it went from 0 to Scalding in about 2 seconds flat with no happy medium.  Luckily, I was visiting with a business group, and ran down the hall to my colleague's room to take a shower before our early morning meeting.  Not fun.  The folks working there are very nice and did their best to make our stay a memorable one, but unfortunately, the aging hotel needs some plumbing work done.  Don't think I'd go back.The last time I stayed here was May 2008 during JazzFest.
Well, I was able to secure a room over the pool.  The room was small and seemed even smaller this time since I had a friend staying with me.  There was really no room to put your bags.  I had to resort using one of the chairs as a stand for one of the two bags we had.  The other bag was on the floor.
The restuarant that also doubles as the bar is not your typical "cool" W bar.  It is not dark and filled with candles and cool tunes.  It actaully seemed boring with businessmen!
The outdoor courtyard, which I suppose could double as their "Living Room" is very nice.  I managed to make it down there a few times during my stay.  I did notice a server pass through so I think they do serve drinks out there too?
Overall, a very nice and chic hotel.  Will be going back to New Orleans soon for Mardi Gras 2009!  Might consider staying a few nights here.If you are reading the other reviews of this hotel and are having second thoughts - go with your instinct.  I went ahead and booked a 5 night stay at this hotel after reading the reviews and could not regret it more.  If you have stayed at a W hotel before -  be warned, this is not the same experience.  Great location, good restaurant, very polite manager (Stacie), but it's all downhill from there.   
We had a Studio Suite with Jacuzzi (which did not work).  
We had a laundry list of issues that simply led to us having a less than relaxing and enjoyable time in New Orleans.
Not being able to check in on time.  
Dirty rooms.  Even when we called to have our room cleaned we returned to find nothing had been done. The next day we made the same request only to return and find that our room had been "cleaned", but we found several pubic hairs on the bed near the pillows.
Unserviced mini bar that had a half empty bottle of wine left over from the previous guest.
The air conditioner condensation was leaking on the floor.
The bathrooms were dirty (tile and grout)
I understand that there is going to be a certain "charm" to any hotel in the French Quarter, but that does not preclude you from having a clean, functioning property.  
The restaurant (SoBou) was very nice. 
I have stayed at several other W hotels and will continue to do so, but I will not stay at this property again.  There are much better options in The French Quarter.I love the cute bow tie decor, the frosted glass bathroom door (opaque for your private moments) and there is a towel rack (it's in the shower and the towels don't get wet when used). Bathroom was the perfect size for my BF and I to share the space. If the cute bow tie on the mirror gets in your way, you can always move to the huge mirror in bedroom area. The courtyard is beautiful and the service is GREAT, as always. It's a quiet and quaint hotel, unlike the usual W Hotels, perfect place to escape from the Bourbon street crowd.Um, no plat recognition? No tv reception and upgrade to a room next to the ventilation for the restaurant? No DVD remote control? Call to ask for one and it never arrives? The inability of this hotel to staff the front desk when there are 10 people checking out?  Mushy bananas and molding oranges in the fruit basket that serves as breakfast? I think this place really sucked compared to the W on Poydras. Would I stay there again, probably not. I did write a nice letter to the GM, but my guess is, it never made it passed the dude that was too busy lighting candles at 6:30 am to bring mood to the W instead of checking out guests.
Location is great if you are partying in the Quarter, not so hot if you are working in the CBD.  I stayed once, never again.Good reasons:
1.  Definitely the best location for a hotel in New Orleans.  I was worried that the French Quarter would be "too touristy."  But the reality is that there isn't much to do on Magazine Street and places like that for somebody visiting from out of town - Uptown is for people who live in New Orleans.
2.  So it's a great location for walking to Frenchmen Street and places like that.
3.  This location is a lot more fun than the other W.  That looks nicer and obviously more modern.  But the patio at the W French Quarter is definitely the best patio/"living room" of any W I've stayed in.  That alone makes this the best place to stay in New Orleans.  I looked at some of the older hotels in the French Quarter (independent ones).  But they just had old wall paper and weren't as nice as the W.
4.  Malek is a great guy (he's the "valet" and will help you out with anything).  I feel like he would have even been willing to travel around the French Quarter with me and serve as a free tour guide.  So he was well worth it.  Christine at the front desk was very helpful as well.
There were some drawbacks:
1.  It was very annoying that the entire courtyard was closed on Saturday night for a wedding.  Good thing that I (the guest who paid to stay at the hotel) didn't want to hang out in the courtyard for the evening.
2.  The rooms are very small and average for a W.  But that's fine.  The courtyard and location more than made up for it.  I guess what is disappointing is that I stay in quite a few Ws, have the platinum SPG AMEX, etc. and they didn't give me a much much better room or go out of their way to give me an extra hour or two to check out on Sunday.  
Overall, I would go back to this place again.  Very fun hotel.  Santa Fe, New Mexico could use a little W like this with an incredible courtyard.  
3.1. At check-in, hotel did not have a room available that met the reservation specifications. Specifically, no king beds available and no 'city view' available.
2. To remedy #1 above, staff said they would move us the next day to an appropriate room. We returned at 4:00 pm and the move had yet to be accomplished. We were late to an event because it took them another 90 minutes to move our stuff from room 219 to 209 (i.e. down the hall).
3. The new room still did not have a 'city view'.
4. Housecleaning never cleaned the new room on Monday. We left used towels on the ground so house cleaning would replace them. Had to pick them back up off the ground to use after showering the next morning.
5. At check-out, the hotel had a cab waiting as they said they would. But, then we sat in the cab for another 20 minutes waiting for another hotel guest that also needed a cab to the airport so it was determined we would share a cab.
Would never recommend this hotel because the hotel was very understaffed and left us feeling abandoned, neglected, and used. We saw the service at nearby hotels and saw that other hotels had excellent service for our friends. The W in the French Quarter leaves you feeling like a ripped off tourist.
One last note, at one point I was standing just outside the hotel front door on the sidewalk with my wife. We were deciding how we would go to Frenchmen's St...pedi-cab, taxi, walk, etc. Suddenly a bum started pushing us and telling us to 'get away, get out of here, etc'. We figured one of the crazy, high, street people was wigging out. We shuffled away a little rattled. We looked back and realized he was the driver for an older model Rolls Royce parked in front of the hotel...and we guessed he thought we were standing on the sidewalk too close to his master's car.  That incident is not specifically the hotel's fault. But, then again, there was no one present at all from the hotel...and that's *immediately* in front of the entrance. No greeter or anything. Someone should be managing that space...it seriously could have been a fist fight. Again, felt abandoned by the hotel. It was Motel 6 level service the whole time.
Stayed at well run Ws in Seattle and San Francisco.  The French Quarter one was awful.  Also, the decor is already turned shabby...and not shabby-chic....just shabby.  Dirty floors and elevators.  Chipped edges on design elements, etc.I'm being somewhat kind on the stars and rounding up from a 2.5.  This could have easily been a solid four, possible five rating if it weren't for the fact that this hotel nickel and dimes the HELL out of you.  
I would have been more pissy if I wasn't getting a good deal on the room (government rate), but if I were paying the full $250 a night for my room, I would have went ballistic.
Money Stuff:
Parking: $29--unless you have an SUV and it's $32.  Oh, but don't forget that the W is going to charge you tax on top of that.  The $29 is competitive with other hotel parking, but it still sucks beignets dust.
Beverages: Bring a cooler, beeyotch.  Unless you want to drop $4 for an 8oz bottle of Pepsi from the mini-bar (or pony up for room service), you have no other method of getting a drink on site.  I lucked out and saw a Coke machine a block or two up the road when we were walking back from dinner and snagged one there for $1.25.
Internet: I haven't had to pay for high speed internet at a hotel since 1998.  WTF is wrong with the W?  $14.95 a day for WIFI?
Room Service: I LOVE me some room service.  I don't even mind paying a premium for the privilege.  But the W must be VERY proud of their food.  If memory serves me, a (very small) continental breakfast was over $15 before the huge service charge.  You're better off hitting the little cafe across the street, which is what I did.
The room was very clean; very cool looking.  I was on the 5th floor, so I had two dormer windows that overlooked the courtyard.  The decor was minimalistic and stylish.  Instead of a cheapo Ikea type workspace, there was an big, chunky antique table.  Cool chrome lamps.   A full sized mirror that leaned against the wall.
The bathroom was clean and bright.  The shower was the BEST shower I've ever had in a hotel.  The shower was HUGE, maybe seven feet long by three wide.  I wish my SO was there to test out the spaciousness, but alas, I was flying solo.  I'm a tall guy, so I'm used to hotel showers hitting me in the neck, but this one was over my head.
The location is awesome; close walking distance to Bourbon St AND Decatur St.
Other positives: Large, flat screen TV; DVD player in the room; If you could catch an angel, severe their wings and then have them stuffed into a covering made by a blind seamstress out of newborn calf skin, then you are one sick mo-fo---but if you DID, it would almost feel as good as the comforter and bed linens on the bed of the W.  F-ing amazing.  A large DVD library available at the front desk.  A Tivoli radio/alarm clock with an IPod dock (HUGE plus for me).
The not so positives: The Tivoli radio/alarm clock with the IPod dock died within 30 minutes of use (but was replaced by engineering a few hours later).  The dish of candy (Hot Tamales by appearance) looked gross--I refuse to eat/use something that is not wrapped at a hotel.  Who knows where those Hot Tamales have been?  Someone could have held them under their arms for an hour before bedtime and then stuck them back in the dish.  They didn't have the ONE fricking movie that I wanted off of the list (Unbreakable).  Dude, if you have a  list of available movies, shouldn't they be "available"?
I will probably stay here again.  I can bring a couple of 20oz Dr. Peppers with me; I'll bring my business laptop so that I can get WIFI covered as a business expense.  
Overall, I expected a better experience with a hotel that tries to pass itself off as THE choice for service oriented facilities.This hotel is exceptional. The vibe is exceptional overall though the courtyard at night trumps it all... An intimate setting amidst the chaos of the French Quarter. The only exception to this vibe is when the valet parks a car with the engine running lights on and the spotlight effect into the courtyard is a bummer.  An easy fix with a little creativity.  The staff is incredible as well. Kym at the reception desk was phenomenal and made us feel at home within minutes of arriving.  She is a true asset to the hotel. She was just one shining star out of many.  I was a bit leery of returning to the W after reading a number of negative reviews.  I had not been there since 2005. I was glad I decided to give the hotel a go.  We can't wait to return!  Humidity and all!This is by far the best hotel to stay in for a visit to the french quarter. Its walking distance to everything and the courtyard is perfect to just lounge around and meet up with people. I would know because i just got married here this past weekend! The hotel staff went above and beyond to ensure me and my guests had an unforgettable weekend. Especially David Astley, their complex catering sales manager.
Advice to brides everywhere: the W hotels whatever/whenever service is the biggest help ever! Need your dress pressed? done! Need manicures? DONE! Need 25 orders of benieghts from cafe du monde delivered to your room on mothers day? DONE AND DONE WELL!!!
I couldnt have imagined a better hotel to get married at. we will be returning to this hotel over and over again.It's a nice place, but I didn't think it was worth the price. The courtyard area was beautiful, though.  I prefer the Sheraton across from harrahs.Valet parking was full all weekend. We had to park in a shitty parking lot, a COUPLE blocks away from the hotel, for 52$ a day. Stay at the Omni hotel instead.It's 1 AM on a Friday night, we are four women in a room, two of us are asleep and the other two are watching TV. Security knocks on our door about a noise complaint. We are confused about the request since there was no noise in our room but to avoid conflict we said we'll keep it down. He comes back no later than a minute after and literally kick the door and threatens to evict us and demanding that we let him in. All four ya are panicking as this is quite disturbing. Afraid to leave the room, we call the front desk to inform them. We spoke to a woman name Adina who's assured us she will deal with it. There was no apology of any sort. I stay at the W every time I'm out of town. However this incident was alarming and no one attempted to rectify it. This is not even about customer service it is a safety issue. Having security kick our door and demanding to enter our room. Since checking checking out I've made multiple attempts to contact the director but no response.I was very unimpressed with this W property.  We stayed there for a bachelor party for a friend of mine.  The only bright spot was the bar inside the hotel, it was lively and there was a good mix of people.  The rooms were very subpar and not worth the money this hotel charged.Reason # 23923490 that I love New Orleans! This place is so conveniently located to everything in the Quarter. It has a wonderful ambiance too and is super stylish. I especially love the lounge bed cabanas overlooking the pool. They were very accomodating and upgraded our rooms which turned out to be very nice and spacious. Generally the service was great too. My only complaint was when I ordered a peanut butter and jelly English muffin from room service and it took them 45 minutes to call back and tell me they didn't have any more peanut butter. Which was probably a good thing because when you're in New Orleans, home of some of the best food in the world, you shouldn't be eatin' no stinking PB&J. Speaking of food, their onsite restaurant was delicious and full of fabulous beautiful people.
When I go back to NOLA I will definitely be staying here again.We had a lovely stay here, friendly staff, good serviceBeing a SPG member I prefer to stay at W Hotels and most of them earned 4-5 stars.  
Knowing that there's ongoing construction at this location first thing I asked the girl checking us in was to place us away from the major construction.  Yes, Ma'am.  With our luggage in tow we went up the 3rd floor and into our beautiful room.  We were impressed right away.  As I opened the shutters to look outside my jaw just about fell to the ground!!!  There it was blocking any possible view I can get.  The sliding chute thingy where they drop trash and scraps in to get it safely to the first floor!!!  Yes, my very specific request to keep me away from the construction was completely ignored!  I didn't know whether to laugh or get pissed.  I took pictures of this horrendous thing and sent dear husband downstairs to show the nice girls at the front desk.  Fortunately, Brian, the manager on duty took charge and put us up another floor up.  The room was a tad smaller but decent, overlooking the patio.  With the music blasting in the afternoon I wasn't sure if I liked it or not...at least they weren't playing rap! 
We opted to go "green" so we didn't have housekeeping come for all the 3 nights we were there.  I wished I had cuz the day after our arrival my husband noticed some ants crawling on my bedside table.  It's disappointing but they still deserve my 3 stars.I was disappointed in this W. It was nothing like I expected. The manager Staci was great, and the other staff was very nice and friendly, however the hotel itself and the room was fair. My room was decent but it didn't seem that clean.  There was a big wad of hair in my drain in the shower and it just seemed dingy. The restaurant attached to the hotel was horrible. I had oatmeal one morning that was cold and an  egg dish that was ok. It seemed more like a $99/ night hotel rather than an almost $300/night hotel.  Just not the luxurious feeling I normally experience when staying at a W. On the plus side the location is great to get around by foot.A solid four stars for this hotel! 
Let's start with the areas that need a little work. The rooms are a little bit dated and the cleaning service may have been a little off on one of the days during our stay, but really no major issues. Our room was still extremely quiet and comfortable. 
The GREAT: 
- The service: omg the service. I booked this hotel using SPG points for a relaxed bachelorette weekend and the staff at the front desk were so accommodating and nice. They made sure I had a great room with a balcony and nice welcome amenity for the bride. Most importantly, they were so nice to me every single time I called with a question or request! Thank you so much!
- The breakfast (included in my stay) was great at the highly rated restaurant in the hotel. We had pancakes, fruits, eggs, potatoes etc and everything was delicious.
- The location: the French Quarter is definitely not my favorite part of New Orleans, but the W is truly ideally located. It's not in the wild, loud, and crazy part of the FQ, but is walking distance to the FQ action but also to the nearby warehouse district and trolley stop. The garden in the hotel felt like a hidden oasis with the beautiful pool and flowers in bloom, we loved grabbing lunch and lounging around! 
Thanks for making our bachelorette weekend a great one, W!!Stayed at the W my last night in NOLA after moving from the Omni Royal. Much more my style of hotel. Top notch service all around. I got upgraded with a great balcony over looking the courtyard and pool. Front desk even called me 5 minutes after reaching my room to see if everything was okay with the room. 
I ended up ordering a chicken sandwich from room service and because they were a little late they immediately said no charge. I didn't even ask for it. On a side note the sandwich wasn't very good but they were on top of it regarding service. The rooms are modern and the hotel is the perfect location in the French Quarter. Great bar with happy hour too. 
Lastly if you're lucky these two gorgeous guys (Evan and Geoffrey) will greet you and make sure your stay is excellent! :)Average rating. Here on a business/pleasure trip.  I would have booked a different hotel if it wasnt for the business portion of the trip.  
Valet:  First day valet was good.  Staff helpful.  
Second day and currently,  is horrible.  Husband pulled in the 2nd day and valet yelled at him,  saying you can pull in like that.  We rented a large suburban for business and the drive to enter and exit is quite tight.  My husband asked him what other was was he to pull in and explained he was a guest and the guy's tone changed.
When we went to leave later that evening,  the valet was no where to be found.  There was family who appeared to be very frustrated about the wait as well. They had been waiting for about 15 mins.  Valet came and we gave him out ticket.  When he was pulling the vehicle around,  he had OUR TICKET IN HIS MOUTH.  This is what really pushed me to make this review. 
We also called down twice for our call 15 mins prior and when we came down,  no car and we had to wait an additonal 10 mins.  I know the hotel is packed but the first day there was two valet staff,  it seems they only had one valet for the rest of the days,  even though it was All Star Weekend and the start of Mardi Gras.  
Hotel:  Courtyard is beautiful and peaceful. Hotel rooms are good.  Hate the contemporary sink.  Water was getting everywhere.  Decor cool. Great standup shower.  There is a standup mirror by door but there is no light by the door,  so quite dark. Bathroom has behind the mirror lighting and a light in shower area.  Was little dark as well. 
Forget about bringing water or drinks for room,  unless you take all the items for sale in mini fridge and it is mini. 
I am sure others can be patient when it comes to valet,  but for this reason,  would not stay here again.I had an amazing time at the W this past weekend. It's true, the rooms could use a bit of a refresh - but it's totally fine considering all of the other great things about this place.
First off, I need to give a shout out to the amazing Debbie at the front desk. She was so nice and answered every request and really went above and beyond. I will return on my next visit just for her! All of the other staff were super friendly as well. A really great team.
Second, the location is perfect. Far enough from Bourbon Street, yet close enough as well. Lots of cute shops and restaurants within walking distance.
Talking about restaurants - SoBou right in the hotel is wonderful. The bar has an amazing happy hour, the food is delicious, and it's just a great place to hang out while waiting for the rest of your group to arrive. I had breakfast and several room service meals from there as well - all delicious. 
The pool area and courtyard are also super cute with plenty of spaces to relax and have a drink. Loved it.
So the only negatives - which clearly weren't enough to even knock off a star: my room faced Chartres Street, which I thought was fun because I saw a bunch of parades go by, but if you need a really quiet room then ask for one in the back. I heard a couple of stragglers from bourbon street late at night once or twice. Also, I had no hot water in my last morning there and the really weird thing about my room was that I couldn't plug the hair dryer into the bathroom plug. The plug was too close too the back of the toilet that it would fit properly. Bad design. Nothing big, I still had an amazing time and will definitely be back here.We were expecting a lot from a name like W. But we were underwhelmed and very disappointed. The staff was nice enough but the service was less than stellar. No one asked us for help with our bags when we got there. The room service breakfast was horrid. Not only was it incorrect, but the sausage tasted like bark. Bad sausage in New Orleans?? How is this possible? Sometime the water bottles were replaced, sometimes we had to ask. Other than the poor service, the room was fine. Though the bathroom was pretty small and awkward and the door was glass, so you could see though it if you tried. I was with my family, so it was fine, but still - awkward. Not going back to this place.One of my favorite hotels .. tucked away on Chartres Street yet walkable to everything.  Stayed here for a few days, room was great, restaurant breakfast fantastic  but wondered what happened to the overall W experience since the last trek .. so a downgrade on rating.
Did a cloak of doom come over the W Team?  The Customer Service from Front Desk, to 1/2 the bar staff, to Valet were either MIA, discombobulated, junior or ??   
Was I called as promised when room was ready for check in?  Nope. Was facilities around to address the bar restrooms that were beyond filthy?  Nope.  Did front desk allow a guest to walk their non-service dog into bar and restaurant? Yup. Was it 95% of the time the W personnel were MIA  at front desk or valet (and the concierge stand was never manned during this stay) Yup.
Here's what sealed the deal - upon reaching front desk the skies opened up and I asked if there's an umbrella to borrow to get to courtyard room and the answer was "no, but can we have your room key?"    Huh?... umm no.  (I'm the kinda girl that leaves the do not disturb sign  on my door entire time).  I asked why the room key was needed and it was for them to go into my room and take  the umbrella out of mini bar... a double  huh? Huh?  Was then informed "the $14 umbrella in guest room mini bar can be used without charge as long as it's returned". I mentioned that's nice, but unfortunate it's not mentioned or written anywhere and ...front desk concurred.  
My interaction was the Front desk could care less.....nor seemed interested in helping any way... So, we ran across the flooded courtyard and reached our guest room drenched.  Really? 
My experience at The W this time was disappointing and not what they're known for.I have stayed at this W three times 2004, 2012 and 2013 and had a great experience every time. The location is great and the courtyard is beautiful. The staff is phenomenal and always super friendly.I should have paid attention to the reviews saying this place has gone downhill. Some of the room furnishings are run down, and if you have a room with connecting doors, forget about getting a good night's sleep (bring earplugs). To top it off, I ended up buying an air freshener for the bathroom since it smelled like rotten eggs.
Given the above issues, I tried to change rooms. But I was told the hotel was fully booked and there was nothing they could do (like I don't know, switch me with someone who had not arrived yet?). I then asked about checking out early. Alas, they charge $150 to check out before your scheduled departure date. 
It wasn't all bad. The staff were really nice for the most part, and the location is great. Close to all the action in the French Quarter, but not so close that you'll have drunk people parading outside your window all night. 
I stayed at this property years ago and loved it, which is why I ignored the other, less than positive, reviews. Sadly, I won't be staying here again.Wasn't that impressed with this hotel.  The hotel is very outdated and not worth the price.  The Food from the room service was pretty good but took an hour to get.  Every time you flushed the toilet it made this awful sound for over a minute! Not sure why this place gets such great reviews! They are way better hotels for half the price.Terrible hotel and service. Staff is untrained, doesn't apologize for mistakes and they over bill your rI'm a regular at the hotel. I've stayed here more than 100 nights in the last year. They take care of me like family. Last week I left my iPhone and Apple Watch charger in my room. I called when I realized I left the chargers that day and they said they'd take care of it. When I got here the next Monday, they could not locate my chargers. Instead of telling me "sorry, nothing we can do", I explained all of this and to the manager of the hotel and he actually sent his wife to Best Buy to buy me new ones! That's why I stay at the W!  Best hotel in NOLA without question.Not up to the normal W standard... I understand that this is still under renovation but there are basics that just weren't met.. 
**On the 5th floor, we could NEVER get our hotel room under 73 degrees.  I had the temp set at 65 and at no point could we EVER get it even close to that. 
**Water was never cold.. 90+ degrees outside?  A cold shower would be divine.  Except that the water is never cold enough to get to that point.   Brushing your teeth with warm water is disgusting btw.
**Asked for towels. Not once, not twice, not even three times.  On the 4th time, they finally brought them.. There are also different size bath towels because we used them.  When asked for the larger ones, they said they only carried one size. Ummm how does that even make sense when I clearly had a larger towel that I specifically didn't put on the floor because I didn't want them to discard. 
**Stuck in elevator.  Yup.  And when I called up, all i got was mumbling and 5 minutes later it started again. 
The only bright point is their bar and their bartenders ~ they definitely eased the tension that I had against this hotel but for the most part, if I'm paying these prices, I'd rather stay at the Monteleone.  
Most definitely will not be staying here again, especially at these prices.  Wanna save money and have a better experience?  Try the Royal St. Charles.   About 4 blocks away and extremely similar decor.debbie at the front desk was phenomenal. service was first class and personable. mike at the bar just can't be beat. he knew his stuff and took very good care of us. based on the service from those two, i will be back. thanks for the great service!Just had a very pleasant stay here.... too bad that I had to leave so early in the morning, I could have slept ALL DAY in the bed -- it was SO comfortable. :)
I've stayed at plenty of W's over the years. And this property did not have the snobby service that I've experienced at so many others. Everyone was very friendly and service-oriented -- from check-in to the valet guys...to the cocktail server at the pool... everyone was very friendly to me. (Much appreciated -- the snobberie at other W's bug!)
I saw on my iPod touch app that I was upgraded to the Spectacular room prior to check-in (as an SPG Plat), but it didn't stop me from still inquiring about any Carriage House upgrades. :) Unfortunately those were not available. 
But I really did like my room! The 2nd floor Spectacular room was spacious enough for 1, and it had a cute little table and chairs on a private balcony overlooking the courtyard area. (Which by the way is BEAUTIFUL at night!)
The lobby was absolutely tiny -- the tiniest lobby I think I've ever been in. David W pre-warned me that the lobby was the size of a hotel room. Ha!
Food in Bacco was divine again.... love that place. Friendly service there as well. 
Whatever, Whenever service was FABULOUS.... and friendly when they called me for my 4am wake-up call. AND they had my wheels out front ready and waiting for me. 
I really enjoyed staying in the center of everything in the French Quarter... but you should know that this definitely is a smaller W property. They do not have a fitness center on-site... and there definitely are less rooms here than other locations. 
This would be a great place to stay again with my husband for a fun weekend. But... if it was a "Girls Getaway" weekend, I may look at staying at the W Poydras. 
All in all... a great stay!! (Loved the bed... and nice larger bathroom.)This was my first stay at a W hotel and I really enjoyed it! I had a bunch of Starwood points because I travel a lot for work and decided to book this hotel instead of Le Meridien which was formerly the other W New Orleans. 
Parking at the hotel is ridiculously expensive at $46 per day so I would recommend finding cheaper parking if possible. We were able to find $40 parking for two nights. I have Platinum status so I had the choice of a surprise local amenity, complimentary breakfast at SoBou, or points. I chose the breakfast. The complimentary breakfast is only for 2 people per day with a $16 limit per person. I was traveling with 4 guests so I used both of my complimentary breakfast tickets on one day. SoBou is part of the Commander's Family of Restaurants which includes other restaurants such as Commander's Palace and Brennan's of Houston. Free wi-fi was also included with my Platinum status but I didn't use it. Wi-fi is usually $14 a night. 
I love modern hotels and fell in love with the W. I wish I brought my bathing suit because the courtyard and pool were beautiful!
Why I loved this hotel:
- Iced water infused with fruit in the lobby
- Complimentary Wall Street Journal or USA Today and coffee in the lobby every morning
- Comfortable beds and towels
- TV with all of my favorite channels
- Waterfall shower that is also in Westin hotels
- Bliss foaming face wash, body butter, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and face wipes (in the gym) 
- Friendly and helpful staff
- Walking distance from almost everything! 
I probably wouldn't stay at this hotel if I didn't have points because it's over $200 a night but I really enjoyed my free stay here!My $28 "burger". Was told dessert I ordered not available no substitute. Absolute garbage and I expect better from W. That's what I get for ordering room service I guess.i remember i went here 2 years after hurricane Katrina.  I went with my Vietnamese friend and his gf for his cousin's wedding and we had one of the worst hotel experiences ever.  By the time we checked in, it was like only 8pm, ....we all got dressed and called the restaurant downstairs to see if we had to make a reservation to eat there, and the guy said absolutely not and that we would be good to go.  When we went downstairs, i had to use the restroom so i had my asian friends go first to get our table.  When i got there, my friends were STILL waiting.  I asked my friends what the deal was.  They told me that the host had told them that they had to make a reservation.  I was like "WTH???...but i just called them like only 15 minutes ago!".  Anyhow, when the host got back, i had told him that i called a bit earlier and that the person on the phone said that we didn't need reservations.  At this point, i was really irritated, i can't say for sure, but it felt like it was a racial thing.  When the manager came, he saw that i was with my two asian friends and he apologized and said it was a mistake.  I just let it go so my friends wouldn't feel awkward, ya know? Well...when we were at the table ready to order, i told my friends that i would take care of the bill,...i mean, after all, they paid for my plane ticket.  My friends ALWAYS eat their steaks with Tabasco.  Well, they ordered their $50 filet mignon and had asked for tabasco.  The waiter said that they don't have tabasco..... OMG, i was SOO upset because 2 tables down i saw that they HAD a tobasco bottle on their table! Damn...and not only that, many of the people there were totally looking at our table like we weren't supposed to be there.  I mean, none of us make that much money but we all brought $600 or more with us on this 2 day trip.  Anyhow, that experience was whatevers.  On top of that, they charge like $30 per day for you to have your car parked in their parking garage! The room was decorated fairly modern but you can tell it was an old building converted into a so called high end hotel.  The walls were either thin or my ears were exceptionally sensitive, but whenever someone passes the hallway, it was super loud.  Well...not only a loud hotel, but they charge sooo much for their in room internet service!  I mean...at least in vegas they charge for the day, which means 24 hours....this lame hotel charged like $6.99 for every few hours! That's whack.  It's like we wanted to support the town after the tragic flood but with service and prices like this...i don't know.  The next day, we went to ACME oyster house which was only 2 or 3 short blocks away.....it was SOOOOO GOOD!!! no snotty people, GREAT SERVICE, and Delish food!!I've always enjoyed the W hotels around the nation. Always unique spaces with quality service. This was certainly not the case at the W in the French Quarter Nola. Stayed for four nights and it was one screw up after another. The last two days they forgot to service our room and when they finally did they left trash everywhere. They didn't even give us clean sheets. The hot water for the showers was not working and although they were 'working on it' they didn't get the water temperature corrected until day 4. I love cold showers on vacation days no one ever. Also, our initial check In was met with delays and lack of communication. They also misplaced our rental bikes that they checked for us. There seems to be a lack of competent management here. We will not return...ever.Southern hospitality at its finest! 
The staff here should be the standard set for all W Hotels! Look for Debbie, she will make sure you have to best stay. Location is also within walking distance of everything. Will stay here again.NOFW partnered with W Hotel French Quarter to host What She Said event and everything was amazing! Fabulous courtyard, Fabulous view, Fabulous bar, food & service! All the boxes checked off A+!This hotel is very dirty and worn out. The staff say they have you covered but don't follow through. After three requests in person and two over the phone (Starting from morning till evening) our room was never cleaned. A simple single phone call should have accomplished this. The beds are just gross (see photos) and the room design is very impractical. The lights for the bathroom can't be turned on or off in the bathroom, the bathroom wall is glass and not private for anyone modest. The widow shutters don't block out the light if you wish to sleep in. Expect lots of noise through the walls at night. There are many better, cleaner hotels in this area.This hotel was awesome. I'll be honest Nola is dirty and when it came to choosing a hotel we would only stay somewhere that was new and clean and that's exactly what the W was. Located in the French Quarter it was very close to Bourbon St and all the bars. When we first arrived it was too early to check in so they held our bags for us and gave us complimentary drinks which they serve everyday. The service was great. Our room was clean, towels were renewed regularly. I had left my phone charger home and the room had a charging station with almost every relevant charger. The pool was nice and clean and the outside area is beautiful. Definitely recommend.This hotel was absolutely amazing. We got the best deal for this hotel on Hotwire and when we got there we realized why it is so expensive. It is a couple blocks from bourbon and Frenchman street which are the two main streets for the night-time entertainment. It was near really good restaurants and the staff was very helpful. The room was extremely clean and my absolute favorite part was the shower! It was a walk in and extremely clean and beautiful. The bar attached the restaurant was great too with recently priced drinks. If we are ever back we will def go back to the W!the worest front desk service!!spent 5 hours check in!! The old lady at the front desk which is a manager or not? Cancelled my reservation by no reason!!  how TerribleReview by B
Do not stay here!  This hotel is one of the worst hotel we have ever stayed at!!!! We had problem after problem after problem after problem our entire stay!  We would rate this hotel 0 stars if possible!! Staying here was a nightmare! Here is a list of everything that was wrong with this hotel:
1.  Room was not ready when we checked in...we were told to walk around the French Quarter until the room was ready and was promised a call when ready which we never received.  Walking around for an hour would not have been a problem if it was not pouring rain! The hotel offered an umbrella for our use but apparently they were out of stock after they offered us an umbrella.
2.  Room keys were not available when our room was finally ready and was told we would receive a call in our room when ready! We never received a call, we wasted 2 hours waiting in our room!
3.  Extremely loud music was blasting in the courtyard from 9am - 10pm daily despite numerous complaints from multiple guests that they were unable to relax. The music was so loud you could hear it in the halls and rooms.  Finally after complaining 5 times over a period of 2 days the music was turned down to a tolerable level.
4.  Acura car service was not available as they informed us the car was in the shop for repairs.  The hotel seriously only has one car?!? We made reservations weeks in advance for the car service!  We were told it would be back Sunday or Monday, we called to check the status both days but the car was still in the shop.  BS!
5. The cable/picture quality was extremely poor and movie channels were not available.  The hotel sent someone to check it out, he came in tightened the cable and left.  He called us about 10 minutes later to see if it was working but it wasn't and instructed us to unplug and plug back in and fiddle with the cables...ummm isn't that your job?!?!?!  By the time he came back up to try again it was way too late in the night to even bother with it.
6.  Day 3 of our stay there wasn't any hot water in our room! We went down to the front desk to complain along with a list of several things that were broken or disgusting in our room to be fixed while we were out.  The girl at the front desk promised to have all our issues addressed and fixed asap.  Only 2 of the items from our list were addressed and the rest were ignored! 
7.  Walls are paper thin...you can hear everything inside and outside the hotel!
8.  Hotel staff is unresponsive and sometimes rude when complaining about something wrong with the hotel. 90% of complaints were not addressed! 
9.  The cleaning staff does a very poor job cleaning rooms and straightening up. Our room was covered in dust for days!  
10.  The last day of our stay there was heavy construction being done to the restaurant, it was intolerable!  The construction workers started jack hammering around 10am! We called at 1:30pm to ask how long this was going to be going on and to complain about the noise & the jack hammering shaking our room the girl at the front desk was extremely rude!  She stated with a nasty attitude "You  think that's bad???? Try sitting at the front desk!  Construction was also extremely annoying when taking a dip in the tiny pool. Seriously what luxury hotel does major construction during tourist season?
11.  As we were packing up on our last night we noticed that one of our bags of gifts we had purchased was missing from our room!  We immediately contacted the front desk with concern and anger!  We received a call back from the front desk a few minutes later that they were trying to contact a supervisor to get this issue resolved.  We had to rush out of our room to try to replace the gifts but the stores were closed!  We wasted an hour running around the French Quarter at 12am - 1am in the morning!  We went back to the front desk and were told that the cleaning staff must have thrown the bag out by mistake and would try to resolve the issue.  Why would the cleaning staff shift through our large stack of purchases and just throw one bag out?! The hotel did not offer to cover the loss but rewarded us some Starwood Points...we don't care about points!  We want our stuff back!  We spent hours picking out perfect gifts for friends and coworkers!
When we checked out at 6am our issue had yet to be resolved we were told to check out the gift shops in the airport to replace the missing gifts.  We have yet to receive a call from the hotel supervisor regarding this issue and it's been over 12 hours!!!!!  We will be following up everyday until this issue has been resolved and all Starwood Points have been returned from our stay.
Thank god we did not pay for this stay but used Starwood Points.  You would think the hotel would treat long time Starwood Members with a little more respect and try to insure their stay is pleasant and relaxing.
Pros: Doormen and Valet staff were extremely friendly and helpful.  Hotel is in a great locatI would've given it a 1, but because the staff was nice I'll give it a 2. There was a giant roach outside my room door, mildew in the shower, non-working basic level cable, two movie channels and no MSNBC, those are basics! Bad paint job, dirty carpet, I could go on. Did I mention the giant roach? The gym... seriously??? My apartment gym is better. I expect SO MUCH MORE from the W.I really like staying at the W... unfortunately not this one.   Problem one:  I had already pre-paid on Hotwire.com.   The attendant took a credit for incidentals... she charged my card three times for the room.   The only reason I found out is because my bank sent me a fraud alert.    I went down to speak to the attendant, she told me it would be credited on the next business day.   A week later the charge was still on my card.   I called and spoke to the same women, this time she told me it would take a week to clear it off of my account.   I had to file a claim with credit card company to get my money back.   
Problem two:   The room was old and dated.  This is not what I was expecting from the W.
Problem three: customer service was horrible.This is the smaller W of the two in New Orleans. This W has 97 rooms. The rooms are nice and spacious as what you would expect from a W hotel. The elevators are a little small - fits 5. The outdoor pool is nice and clean but a bit small too. The staff are great too and they try to please as they could.Give them this: W hotels, no matter which city they find themselves in, have a consistent manner of presentation, even if, as was the case here, the amount of space that the hotel has to work with is comparatively limited. In laymans terms, lemme put it this way: it's not every hotel room I've stayed in that includes wineglasses attached to the wall, but somehow the layout totally made sense here. 
When your room's comfy enough that you've given up on harassing the Today Show crew in town to kick off the NFL season, well, that's a pretty comfy room. And what you give up in size and space here, you rather make up for in the proximity to local quarter haunts (even those a tad less well traveled, from what I gather), and the staff was helpful and upbeat during my stay. From where I sit, a rather fine beginning.This property is very small and out of date. I would not consider it a luxury hotel. However, they were very accommodating to my request to store a freezer bag in their restaurant freezer. I will not be staying at this property again. Staff was kind and nice, but it is not a luxury property and not worth the almost $300.00 we payed to stay + parking. Our only time we pulled the car to leave, it took 45 minutes at least to get our vehicle which didn't make for a happy 5 & 1 year old.Play Quarters!
Picture this: you've been out all night on Bourbon street drinking hand grenades, eating lucky dogs and 'earning' your beads or maybe you've just returned from a late night jam session at One Eyed Jacks. How you ended up wandering though the French Quarter at 5 am isn't important. What's important is that you need an oasis. You need high thread count sheets and towels, a comfy bed, and heavy blinds to keep out the mid-day light. Step off Bourbon street and into the sanctuary that the minds behind the W Hotels have created. Plan to roll out of bed mid-day, don your swim suit and head to the courtyard to lounge in the outdoor living room, snooze on one of the 3 outdoor quasi secluded beds or cool off in the pool while you sip your recovery bloody mary, it's all about recharging for the next night of eating, drinking or dancing.DO NOT STAY HERE. FALSE PROMISES ABOUND!!!
At check-in, the staff assured us that the construction would not affect our stay. But oh, by the way, there's no restaurant or bar here. "Uhhh, well it's still our vacation. Let's just go with it honey."
The next morning we woke up to the sound of angle grinders and jackhammers...directly beneath our room!!! We paid full rate for this stay, booked weeks in advance and they put us in a room directly on top of the noise?!? We saw several people check in after us, so I know it wasn't the last room available either. 
Called hotel staff, and they said they might be able to move us to another room, later that day. Maybe. Gee thanks.
We also ordered room service. "It'll be there in 35 minutes or less." 50 minutes later...nothing. We eventually left after waiting for 1 1/2 hours to get to an appointment, but NEVER saw our breakfast.
The beds are also not the famous mattresses that you find at every other W hotel. No pillowtop, and very uncomfortable. When we called down to ask for an extra pillow the second night, we were told that none were available unless they ordered some from another hotel. To the staff's credit, they eventually brought pillows 2 hours later, but what hotel doesn't have extra pillows on site?
The staff we spoke to did seem to be trying their best. I place the blame on whoever is running this hotel for running a pathetic overall operation. Improvements are necessary, I get it. But you should still have some respect for your paying guests. My opinion of W hotels has forever changed.I'm pretty tempted to give the W 2 stars, but that isn't fair to the staff who were AMAZING. Everyone was super friendly and did everything they could to help us. 
However: our first room was on the third floor and right over Conti Street (alley) and it was like the drunk folks on the street were in our room, it was so loud. We were able to change rooms, but I've seen other reviews dinging this room. Seriously - address it already. Put in better windows, do something. 
Our second room was OK - smallish, the bathroom showed wear in a couple of spots but it was clean and the bedding was great. Our last two days in the room we started to notice the smell of cigarettes. Since the fourth floor is non-smoking, this didn't make much sense. We had to call twice and nothing was ever done about it. When we returned from dinner our last night, it smelled like someone had been hanging out in our room smoking - it was THAT strong. We were offered another room at this point, but really - we had to check-out in the morning. What a hassle! 
This was my first stay at a W and I really expected more of them.Very cramp and small rooms. The pool area is nice, but small. W on Poydras is more luxe for the price.  Just a little dingy smell in the room, but you are in the French Quarter, so expect it.This W is smaller and with more of an intimate feel as others have noted. It's location is excellent and why I stay there yearly. Fortunately they are about to renovate so if you can wait until 2012 to visit here, do that. The excess use and wear and tear are showing. It is in need of a major face lift and glad it's about to happen. It was a 4 star rating previous years but sliding fast at 3. Hope to upgrade next time in town. But still a great spot to stay nonetheless.My daughter decided to celebrate her 40th birthday with friends in New Orleans during Jazz Fest 2011.  She recommended the W, since I'm an SPG member.  I booked two rooms, and three other couples booked there as well.  Initially, my daughter wasn't happy because she was near the construction that so many have complained about in these reviews.  They moved her twice, and on the third try she was happy that she had a quiet room.  Our room on the 4th floor, facing the courtyard was nice & quiet until the day we checked out & they began sanding the wall below our window.  Can't complain too much because it didn't start til 10:00.
The manager, Brian, is professional and helpful.  If you have any problems, he's the go-to person.  I had left a photo album in a taxi coming from the airport & the receipt didn't have the name of the taxi company.  The desk helped me by looking up all the taxi companies that had white vans.  I got my album back the next day.
The room was very comfortable & well maintained, except that we had to ask for service on Mother's Day.  They must have been short staffed.  
We had one problem which was only partially resolved.  There were 6 of us going on a tour & we were running late.  We asked the valet to hail a van for us, and he offered to take us in the hotel's van.  When he drove up in it, an arrogant-acting man jumped in the back seat & said 'sorry, ladies... he's taking me.'  Brian said there was no reservation on the books for the van & that he would talk to the valet & find out what happened, but he never got back to me.  He did give us a bottle of wine though, which was something.  But I will never forget how rude that jerk was who jumped into our van, leaving us to search for our own transportation.
On a positive note, the location is fantastic!  Courtyard is very beautiful & comfortable.Very different from the usual high rise W. Very boutique hotel with the feel of a B&B. Great and friendly staff! Had a very nice time, thank you!As with most W's, this hotel is eclectic and caters to a "hip" crowd.  It's basically 
Starwood's version of a boutique hotel.  The decor is different and not for all.  The rooms have a fun house mirror that hides the TV and a giant piece of artwork that comes out from the wall.  It also has a frosted glass door to the bathroom, which hides nothing and can be embarrasing depending on who your traveling with.  I don't really understand this trend with glass bathroom doors, but then again, I'm not in the "hip" crowd.  Overall, I found the room to be clean and comfortable, but alittle on the small side.
Only ate at the restaurant for breakfast, but food was good.  Ambiance/decor is pretty nice.  Would have liked to try dinner here, but never made it.  Our room came with continental breakfast, which is box of cereal, yogurt and 2 pastries.  Not worth paying extra for continental breakfast, but if it's included it's not bad.
Service was spotty.  Generally very courteous, but slow.  Check-in takes long, so if there's anyone else in line, take a seat, it will be awhile.
Great location.  2 blocks to Burbon St and the river.  Less than 10 min walk to the casino and the French Market.
The remodel is now finished, so no need to worry about the noise complaints in other reviews.  In fact, since it's 2 blocks from Burbon St, it's really quiet here.Why did I just find this listed under "Hot on Yelp"? Nothing was hot about this location. This is the ugly step sister of the W empire. There are 2 W Hotels in New Orleans and don't be fooled by the W name!! This is NOT the one you want to be at. I'll give it 2 stars for location because it is right around the corner from Bourbon St. However I also walked to the other W hotel and would have MUCH rather been there and taken the few extra steps. Not only did it take me a few minutes to find the "lobby", and by lobby I mean a tiny, barely labeled door that you slip and trip over your luggage into only to find a small desk crammed into a room that would barely hold a family of 4, but when they say "under renovation" believe me that is an understatement. When checking in, I was advised not to use the water until around 3:00 that afternoon. My flight had landed at 10am that day and I checked in about 1:30pm and I couldn't freshen up or brush my teeth or wash my face for another few hours. Thank you W. The decor looked like this place went through a shitty condo conversion where they took a really worn down, beat up excuse for a hotel and W-ized it with some dark hallways, trendy music in the lobby and some slate tile in the bathroom. There was a huge garbage chute running from the roof down the balcony next to ours to a dumpster right below the balcony. What an awesome site. My partner and I were here together visiting family and we got into a fight a few days before at home because of a renovation we were doing and the fact that a paint line in one of our rooms wasn't straight. Why do I bring this up? Because walking into the bathroom looked like a kindergarten class opened fire on the walls with their biggest brush and were told to just throw some paint up wherever you wanted. We laughed and realized that our fight a few nights before was crazy compared to the lack of detail and care this place had. For a W this has to be the laughing stock of the chain. How could they call this a W!? I would NEVER recomend this W location to anyone! Do yourself a favor, for the same price, book at the other W to the west of Canal.Where do I begin, first off I can not understand why this place has negative reviews.  As gold SPG members this property is the epitome of hospitality and customer service.  From the bellman James, to Sean at the front desk, to Chris and Micheal the bartenders and Izzy at the Whatever desk I felt welcomed, and equally appreciated.  The property is yes a boutique hotel but does not lack in overall sexiness, charm and ambiance.  The perfect backdrop to a sexy birthday weekend.  The grounds have plenty of backdrops for amazing photo opportunities, heated pool and an outdoor firepit.  The bar located in Sobou the hotel restaraunt, had amazing cocktails served up by an equally amazing and attentive staff.  Not  to mention to top it all off I was gifted a tray of sumptuous chocolate covered strawberries by James in recognition of my bday. Thank you W hotel French quarters for fabulous  weekend and to Jessica the GM, your staff is the perfect example of what this industry is lacking.Being SPG Platinum for the past 7 years, I feel comfortable rating SPG properties. 
This one, unfortunately, doesn't measure up well. My summary would be "great location, poor facilities / service."
Pros:
- staff was really nice
- location was fantastic
- great little courtyard
- cool entrance area
Cons:
- couldn't check in until 5:30 for a 4pm request
- didn't get the upgrade I should've gotten
- got shoved into a dank handicapped-accessible room overlooking an alley (apparently my status is pretty useless at this place)
- room looked like it should've been in an Aloft (get your branding right, guys)
- hotel literature listed a business center, which I was counting on to take a call from. Nope - they don't have one. When I asked, the front desk said, "Yeah, it's not right on the website" Sooo... you know it's wrong and just leave it be?!?
- hotel was understaffed, and staff seemed confused, disorganized and overwhelmed
Overall, one of the worst SPG experiences I've ever had.First, I would like to say that the employee that checked us in was incredible - great personality, professional and extremely customer service oriented.
Because of my Platinum status, we were informed that we were upgraded to a Penthouse King...we were really excited about this thinking it would be a really nice room.  However, that was not the case at all!  The room was extremely dark...one small window down a narrow, unused hallway and frankly, just depressing.  I would think a Platinum guest would at least get a room with a nice view.  The paint needs to be touched up and it just didn't seem like the typical "W Hotel" room.
Upon check-in I selected the points as my Platinum amenity, but the front desk employee also offered us the free continental breakfast in the restaurant.  We were very appreciative and excited to try it Saturday morning since we woke up too late Friday morning.  When we arrived at the restaurant at 8am we were the only ones there.  We informed them we had a coupon for the free continental breakfast and they seemed bothered that we were there.  We sat down anyway and then ordered drinks...which took forever to arrive.  The waitress was slow, unprofessional and bothered to help us.  After 20 minutes with only drinks, we spoke to someone else who sat at the back of the restaurant and watched it all happen and told them we were leaving and would be happy to pay for the drinks we didn't bother to drink.  We ended up going to breakfast down the street and had to spend money that we should not have had to spend since we had a coupon for a free breakfast. 
Needless to say, I was very disappointed by our stay!This was my first stay at W Hotel. I'm so torn when writing this review. The hotel itself is beautiful and eclectic. It has an adorable courtyard and a small pool outside. it's within walking distance of pretty much everything, which was nice. 
Buuuuut the rooms. Gah. First of all, the walls are really, really thin. I could hear people slamming doors and people talking when I was trying to sleep. Our neighbor wasn't happy with the fact that we stayed up talking late one night so clearly, it wasn't just me who noticed the thin walls. Beds were comfortable and we had a nice view of the French Quarter. I was totally unimpressed with the bathrooms though. As many noted, they were TINY, had crappy lighting (which made putting makeup on really difficult), and the doors were made of frosted glass which made using the bathroom pretty uncomfortable. There wasn't really any privacy if you wanted to use the bathroom. Oh, and the water that came from the faucet was a milky color so that was quite off putting. 
I guess I expected more from this hotel but ya can't always get what ya want :-/My favorite hotel in New Orleans. Had been a while since my last stay and the renovations only increased my love for this hotel!
Wonderful service, very clean, perfect location - am always so sad to leave!!!!!