I loved this place for a quick & delicious, great priced breakfast that really hit the spot for me! I got the pancrepes & pork with bacon & eggs over medium - the eggs were done perfectly, the pancrepes were a lovely light texture, & we all know you can't go wrong with bacon ;) plus, their fresh orange juice is amazing!!! I will definitely go again.Favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans by far! Can't believe it took me so long to discover it! I love their pancrepes and sausage. The hashbrowns are awesome, too. Very eclectic, welcoming, and comforting inside. I'll be back regularly and might even get delivery once in a while.It's a solid breakfast place.  Sausage roll was very good.  The sausage itself was delicious.  The grits were only ok.Such great food loved the shrimp and grits. The biscuits and gravy were amazing and the avocado toast was deliciousThis is a small breakfast place but don't be fooled all their food is absolutely delicious! Prices are fair and everything is fresh made in their kitchen. You can eat inside or outside. I was with a party of 9 including kids and everyone enjoyed their dish and liked that you can customize your order. The staff was very helpful, their coffee hot or cold brew is great tasting.Thank you for an amazing breakfast before we head back to home to Los Angeles.
-biscuits and gravy Bomb
-special omelet of the day Bomb 
-pancrepes Amazing 
-avocado toast Amazing
-Shrimp and grits extra Amazing!Not a regular to breakfast circuit but went to gorge on carbs after running a race. Definitely did the job-pancrepes, monkey bread, sausage biscuit all top notch. Small place and took few to get served but as sign on wall correctly said "you can have any 2 but not all 3 of the following: good, fast, cheap" - and it was GOOD and relatively cheap. Fits the trend of small neighborhood local places that turn out high quality meals from scratch.I don't get it why so many good ratings for such a just ok place.Food is ok not by any means great.I guess most ppl who dont know how to cook might find it so great.Friendly, fun place. Very relaxed/casual which was nice. Grits were not my personal favorite, a little too creamy and fatty for me but I think a lot of people like that so maybe they would be your favorite type of grits.
Also, best orange juice ever. Definitely try the orange juice.My only complaint is that I wish this place was bigger lol. I've come here a few times wishing I could snag a seat and there was nada...maybe it's just my luck?? Anyway I haven't had anything on this menu I didn't enjoy. I love the fresh OJ and the fact the my coffee practically came in a soup bowl lol. The first time I came there was an issue with our order going to the wrong table the lady behind the counter was quick to rectify and sent a pastry to the table to hold us over and didn't charge for coffee. Great service Great food  and Great prices  
This place isn't fancy but it doesn't need to be it's consistently delicious food and that's honestly all that really mattersWe stopped in here on the way back to GA and really enjoyed the food. It was nice to sit outside and enjoy the weather. It was packed the entire time we were there, so be prepared to wait- that was the only downside. You go inside to order, then they bring the food out to you. Cold brew was delicious. The "BAT Pig" croissant sandwich was awesome. I had them put Swiss cheese instead of cheddar.It can get a little crowded . . . but that's the price of success, and succeed they do. I've visited several times, and no matter how busy it's been, I've gotten quick and friendly service, not to mention delicious food at a great price. I recommend the breakfast burrito, and add black beans and guacamole. Don't forget the baked goods, for something sweet!The black beans with the migas were hard and unseasoned. The migas were good. We also had the chorizo omelet which was excellent. The outdoor seating was very pleasant but there were lots of "flies in the ointment".Local casual, off the beaten path.
Not a bad meal, although the eggs were cold and grits a bit runny, over all 3 stars, was disappointed on this trip...Fresh, tasty, and unconventional.  
 This place is very inviting and from the mismatching coffee cups and Lana Del Rey music playing its a far cry from your corporate breakfast house, and the same can be said about the tasty food.  
 Everything taste like it came from my mothers kitchen, made fresh with some TLC.  
 The chances of me coming back are slim because I live over 2000 miles away but I would if I could.  This would be my regular hang out if I lived close enough.I have been to this cozy little restaurant on many occasions. One time, the kitchen almost caught on fire and the whole restaurant became smoked out. They had to bring one of the burning appliances from the kitchen outside. Another occasion, the AC broke on a hot summer day. But the food and price here makes up for it. They are well deserved a 5 star review. 
This is not a big restaurant. It's perfect for lunch or brunch. The staff are nice.We loved Wakin Bakin so much we cake two mornings in a row. The menu is small, but excellent. It has a super fun vibe and they carry local Kombucha, so I was stoked! Definitely will come back next time we're in NOLALOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE! Great for vegetarians. Any meat item can be substituted for a vegetable. The service was good and fast. I'm so happy I found this place.My husband and I had the chef special which ended up being a hot ham and swiss cheese sandwich on brioche topped with a creamy cheese sauce and a fried egg. DELICIOUS!All i can really say is yuck.  Stopped in for breakfast based on the reviews.  Im not sure where these 5 star reviews are coming from because it was horrible.  First, its way over priced for what you get.  We ordered the box'd breakfast.  Our over medium eggs werent cooked all the way, as they were super runny.  The bacon was greasy and chewy.  So greasy in fact that its been half an hour since we ate and there is still a sheen of grease in my mouth.   The hashbrowns were cold and almost inedible. And to think we waited almost half an hour for our plates of cold greasy grossness.  The very unfriendly girl at the counter with about as much personality as a beige crayon just plopped the food down and said we had a big delivery thats why you had to wait.  No apology or anything resembling customer service.  In addition, they charged $3 for a 16 oz plastic bottle of coke.  I dont mind paying $3 for a drink with refills but not for a bottle of coke they bought at walmart bc they dont have a contract.   This place sucks.   We will never go here again.   The only good part of the meal was the biscuit.Very generous staff. Breakfast was perfect, I had the Gravy Train (Biscuits and Gravy with eggs and bacon). Everything they had was made that day.Such a small little place with big personality. And a great breakfast bowl!  However there are some things I must warn you about.  The seating is first-come first serve, so start table hunting as soon as you walk through the door.  They do have outdoor seating, but I believe it's just four tables outside.  
I ordered the breakfast bowl without the beans and it was great!  The grits are so creamy, but I had to add salt (no biggie).  The breakfast bowl also has hashbrowns real bacon pieces and egg however you prefer.  I also ordered a couple coffee, however be aware that the coffee was really really light in color. Do not ordered a coffee if you are a true coffee drinker. My friend ordered the small plate which is a biscuit, choice of meat, one egg, and a small bowl of grits.  She also ordered the fresh orange juice, which is so good!  
I gave this place three stars because I thought the coffee could've been better.  I even said that the coffee is really light and it looks watery, and I feel as though they could have given me a different drink.  I also wasn't prepared for table hunting. I think they could do a lot better by taking out the one big table and replacing it with three smaller ones.Wait was really long for what we got. Orange juice was run through a veggie juicer which wasn't necessarily bad, but all of parts of the orange that would usually be filtered out added a strange taste. I ordered the breakfast club and hash browns. The portion was big, but neither were seasoned well. The hash browns were crispy but lukewarm and very greasy. I tried a bite of my friends pan crepes and they were nothing spectacular, pretty much just pancakes with a bigger egg ratio. 
The decor in the dining area was a bit bleak. In the back of the dining room there were unfinished shelves with a modicum of employee property, Sysco boxes, and prep equipment . Perhaps a curtain could help. Also maybe a mural on the giant greige wall would liven it up.
The counter service was good. The girl at the register was energetic and pleasant. 
This was not the worst place that I have been by any means, but I do feel a bit deceived by the rave reviews that led me here.Went here a while back and it was OK so thought I would give it another try... Staff is really nice and do the best they can to manage bussing tables and refilling water jugs and coffee thermoses. However, during this trip the food was awful. I got the breakfast club with hashbrowns. The bread was so greasy that it was almost see through! Plus the turkey was dark meat which I was not expecting/do not like (I guess if you like dark meat turkey on a club you're in luck?). Also the hashbrowns were slimy and cold and tasted old. My breakfast date was also unimpressed with his gravy train. Nice people but I probably won't eat here again.Most delicious breakfast I've ever had! I want to go back and try it all. The staff is hilarious and friendly! They can cook a fried egg like no one I know!Can't say enough about their omlettes - fluffiest eggs ever with the freshest additions!I went to Wakin' Bakin' at about 11:30 this morning.  I was part of a party of four. We were seated pretty quickly, thought their dining room only has room for about 10 people.  It's a fast-paced kitchen! They were rolling! Seems like delivery is a really high volume option for them.
The coffee is Community, their iced tea is just regular stuff.  Their sausage from Crescent Pie & Sausage is a highlight of the menu. I enjoyed the simple options that are pretty easily made vegan or veggie friendly. The staff were great, and I was pleased with the service.  We lucked up on being seated in under 10 minutes, because once this place is more well known, it'll be tough to get in.  I will definitely come back.It's a neat place. Small but cute and the food was good.The food was good, but small plates. We got "big John" , and it was not big. The bisquits and gravy were excellent though, there was Cajun seasoning on them. The place is a bit small, so not good for crowds.Although we were extremely hung over when we arrived here on a Monday at noon, I felt that if I lived in the area I would eat here everyday.
It's the kind of place you go in, order your food at the counter, pay, then pick a seat, outside/inside/where ever and they bring you your food. Casual and hearty. 
I had the Biscuits and gravy with bacon and eggs. Perfect hangover food and really authentic New Orleans flavor!!  Really, the food is great. Next time I'll enjoy it more because I won't be hungover.This morning I placed a to go order and was told that it would be 30 minutes. After waiting patiently I had to ask several times how much longer and was told 15 more minutes... 5 more minutes.. I watched several people order AND receive their food before we received ours. In my experience working in restaurants, you tell customers the MAXIMUM wait time so they are prepared, and if they have to wait patiently for 55 minutes, almost double the wait time, you graciously thank them for their business, comp the food, and have the manager apologize. I'm only one customer, but my experience should matter. The food is good, but a biscuit and ham is not worth waiting 55 minutes for.Very quaint spot. Appeared to be a "Locals" favorite. Food and prices were awesome... would have given 5 stars if they had been a little quicker with the food. Would recommend expanding space and bumping up the staff.Delicious!!!! The BLT was phenomenal. The sourdough bread was probably the best I have ever had. The chocolate chip cookie was delish.Great "Ma and Pa" tasty breakfast eatery!This is a great little breakfast place.  I had breakfast here this morning. I had the 1 egg "box breakfast," which came with one egg, bacon, a biscuit, and a choice of sides (I went with grits). The grits were amazing! Seriously. They were the best grits I've had, probably. The biscuit was good, too, as was the blueberry jam that came with it. Seriously. I think only Besh's grits compare.
It is tucked away in an interesting neighborhood and very small. You place your order and pay at the counter but a very nice employee will bring it to you. I am big on breakfast and, now that I am on the southshore, Wakin' Bakin' will definitely be on my rotation.Came in on a whim for breakfast. I have to say, we were disappointed. Our group ordered 4 different menu items and all were underwhelming. They lacked seasoning and flavor- the eggs were just that... Eggs. Nothing else; no salt and pepper, etc.... at least it tasted like nothing was used for seasoning. We really had higher hopes based on previous reviews but, alas, it was not meant to be. Bummer.I love this place so much. The coffee is amazing(French Truck Coffee), the hostesses are the nicest gals on the planet and the food is fantastic. This place prides itself on it's down-home cookin' and neighborhood friendly vibe. Eat in, dine out-they will deliver breakfast to you! Specials every morning but you got to go early, pretty sure they open at 7am! Last time we were in, we happened to be the last order of the shift and something must have gone down because it took us 30 minutes to get our food, however they made it up to us by sending us home with breakfast pastries on the house. I thought that was an awesome gesture and an excellent sign of their attention to customer service & needs because I would have been happy even without a door prize.I love this little breakfast joint.  Nice staff. Great food (Yay for pancrepes!).  Love the outside seating.I don't get why everyone loves this place.Hipster and overpriced! Borderline filthy, cooks with their hair uncovered and no gloves ewww.The food well blah i can make better food at home lesson learned.Love the fresh orange juice!
The food was awesome, favorite part was the grits and bacon.
Only giving it 4 stars because I was a little disappointed in the side of sausage I order and it took awhile to get my food.
Other then that it's a cute & cozy location!
Also sell these animal figurines that hold little plants. Adorable :)There wasn't a wait after walking from Biscuits & Buns on banks...the service was great but it was hot and the food was not the best. I had pancrepes which didn't suite my appetite and my fiancé had eggs and bacon.I love this place. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is charming and cozy, AND they deliver! Admittedly, I've never gotten delivery from here, but breakfast delivery is wonderful thing. The baked goods are excellent and coffee is pretty good too. One thing I like most - you can get there, enjoy your entire meal, read the news, and get back home while people are still waiting on their table at Biscuits & Buns across the street. :)I've lived in a number of cities and this is by far the best breakfast place I've ever had. AND THEY DELIVER. BOOM. Queso burrito with sausage gravy. Melt in your mouth. Cheese grits are to die for too.I ordered Wakin' Bakin' this morning after running late to work without breakfast. Imagine my surprise when my food (and coffee) arrived less than 12 minutes later. 
I ordered a small box breakfast with a fruit cup as my side. This includes eggs, bacon, a biscuit, preserves, and a side. The eggs, bacon and preserves were very good. I felt like the biscuit was a little dry, but that could also just be a preference thing, rather than quality issue. I also felt like it was a good amount of food, considering I ordered a small. I was pleasantly surprised. 
The thing I am most pleased about was the fruit cup. I know that sounds ridiculous, but I really appreciate a place that doesn't skimp on the good stuff, rather than a sad cup full of melon and honeydew, some grapes and perhaps a lone strawberry (if you are so lucky.) The fruit cup at Wakin' Bakin' was FILLED with strawberries, watermelon, blackberries, and some melon aka HEAVEN. 
I also got an iced coffee, which is CC's so I knew what to expect with that. I will definitely be ordering again.This has been my go to breakfast place for over a year! I really loved the thin crepe style pancakes, and I love the simplicity of the meal, yet the flavor was there, so it was never ordinary! Recently, I have noticed that an item that i have been ordering had been listed as "sold out". So after 3 weeks of trying to order hash browns, (you read that correctly) I called to ask if it was something that is indeed not available or if it's an app issue, and was told that the kitchen cannot place fill the orders quick enough, so when they remove something it's for good reason.
Fair enough I guess, but the past THIRTY TWO double orders of mine cooked, prepared, and delivered in 30 minutes or less to uptown New Orleans says otherwise.
I will savor my last THIRTY THIRD order.Tasty LITTLE breakfast spot. We've been twice and enjoyed all our food and will definitely be back. It's very, very small, so I wasn't sure if we'd be able to grab a table for our family of 5, but it seems like people didn't linger long at their table (probably since it was standing room only with people waiting to sit).This is my favorite little breakfast spot. Staff seems to be chill down to earth people who can really cook some serious breakfast. My go combo is the big john. Instead of the coffee I get chocolate milk (classic foodfan420 move). Pancrepes and pork is magical!1) The bacon bowl is great (and low-carb if you get it with beans!)
2) The biscuits are great. 
3) The blueberry jam is great.
4) The coffee is great (and bottomless!)
5) They also sell plants in tiny plastic dinosaur planters.
What's not to love?So delicious and pretty cheap.  Go for the breakfast bowl, though.  My husband got the bowl while I went for the boxes breakfast.  I was regretting my decision pretty bad once I saw his meal.  The preserves were delicious.  Biscuit was pretty decent. We will definitely visit again.  Cool place with really nice employees. Thank y'all!In from Chicago & this place doesnt disappoint. $6 gets you a coffee & sandwhich thats delicious.  Highly recommended.Love me some Pancrepes. Just like my crazy Asian mom used to make them. Trying for big an fluffly never worked out for her, but thin, crispy edge pancakes were my moms specialty. Hope she's in heaven glad to know that I miss her crispy cakes but can come to Wakin bacon when I'm in Nola and love em all over again.I can't believe I haven't reviewed my favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans yet. I'm a Mid City denizen, and thus, a recipient of the greatest of all gifts: being in the Wakin Bacon delivery zone. That's right: BREAKFAST DELIVERY.
I can't count the number of mornings I've woken up, bleary eyed and headachey, and reached for my phone and the only restaurant that's ever made it to my speed dial. Within minutes (as many as 45-60 if you're so hard up as to call between 11:30am and 1:00pm on a Saturday or Sunday, usually under 30 any other time), I'm dropping crumbs in the sheets and getting bacon in my hair. Divine.
I particularly recommend the BLT, and I usually add avocado or a fried egg. The breakfast bowl is also wonderful, and the breakfast sandwiches are a perfect (and affordable) solution to most hangovers. I've been known to order 5 or 8 breakfast sandwiches to go on the way to a tubing trip or after a bachelorette party. Problem solved.
These guys are the best. They're friendly, easy going, have high quality food, DELIVERY, and they're in my hood. Done deal.Food portions are huge!! Atmosphere is awesome!  The staff amazing!!!!  Food was good. My husband had the chronic and substituted sausage for the ham.  He said it was AWESOME!!  Only problem was one piece of sausage was cold in the middle. 
I had biscuits and gravy.  My eggs and bacon were awesome!  My biscuits and gravy tasted great but were cold. I would suggest heating the biscuits before putting the gravy!  Great place. We will be back!Great inexpensive place to eat. 
Breakfast most excellent. 
Basic but done with great pride. 
Everything is scratched made. 
Biscuits and gravy tasty. (Needs more sausage)
The over easy eggs were perfect. A sign of a very good chef. 
Go enjoy
I WILL be back to try lunch. 
Enjoy it 
People very busy and customer orientedThis place is amazing. Inspired breakfast dishes as well as the classics. This rating is for the multiple times I've gotten their delivery. Living in New Orleans, there will come a time when you are in no condition to make or go get breakfast. Until now, the solution has been to wait until lunch. Well those days are over, because now you can call the breakfast superheroes to rescue you. 
Trying to decide among the items on the menu is a little daunting, but I'm sure they are all delicious. My standard is the queso breakfast burrito-add avocado. The orange juice is fresh squeezed and should have a different name from the stuff sold in grocery stores. The coffee is some of the best brewed coffee I've had, and it has always arrived hot (with optional side of portioned cream and sugar). The food has always arrived in a reasonable amount of time and never cold (very important for egg-items). Did I mention that my orders have been at about 10am Sunday mornings? Prime brunch/breakfast time didn't put WB off their stride at all!
They could easily charge more for this food as well as for the service. Give them the chance to save your day as the breakfast delivery superheroes that they are.
EDIT: Almost forgot to mention how incredibly friendly the phone staff and delivery drivers are.It's a cool little cafe on Banks street. The food does not disappoint! Get the grits. 
Atmosphere- Cozy, colorful, ecclectic artwork. Busy. 
Food - I had the queso (cheddar cheese and egg) burrito, with shrimp, onions, and peppers... and a side of grits. It was awesome and piping hot! . I would've given the place a 5, but I ordered jalapenos for the burrito... I guess the cashier wrote down peppers, because it came out with green peppers instead. Because it was very busy, I didn't bother to send it back. Added hot sauce, problem solved! 
There's a nice variety on the menu. 
Service - The staff was nice and the food came out in a pretty decent time, considering the rush that came on at that time. 
Price - Fair prices. It's worth the $. 
I'll definitely be back on my next visit to NOLA!Great breakfast, fresh baked breads, and best of all they deliver! Mid-City welcome to breakfast in bed.Personally, I would have given this place 5 stars but I went with my entire family so I'm giving the average based on everyone's experience Everything is fresh! I love it! And I'm vegetarian so it's the perfect spot for me. 
I ordered the pancakes and an omelet with mushrooms, cheese, and avocado slices. I also ordered a side of black beans. Absolutely delicious!!We get breakfast delivered pretty much every Sunday morning (at this point I and the delivery hit have a rapport), and it's consistently delicious and affordable. We always offer when out of town guests are here, and they are jealous we have such an awesome place around the corner. I do the breakfast bowl and my man normally gets the sausage roll, pig muffin, or the pancrepes and pork (if very hungry). Even the fruit cups are good!We ordered delivery last weekend while at Finn McCool's for the Manchester United game. Everything was hot when delivered and tasted fresh and delicious. I had the pancrepes with bacon and eggs. I also got to try the sausage roll and hash browns - fantastic. You can tell the hash browns were freshly grated. Everything we had seemed to be done right with no shortcuts. 
The only hang up was they forgot syrup for my pancakes. We will definitely be ordering again and I will make sure to ask for syrup.Perfection, as usual. The food is so comforting, But the prices!!! Youch!! You're killing me guys!!!We went early on a Sunday morning and were happy to find our pick of picnic benches! We both ordered the biscuit and gravy with eggs and bacon!  The bacon, eggs and biscuit were perfect, my only small gripe was that the gravy could have had WAY more flavour!  The coffee bar has HEATED milk in a thermos, which was DELIGHTFUL, the staff was friendly and the service was quick and great!  They cleared our table multiple times!  The pancakes were good, on the thinner side, and served with maple syrup and butter.  I would go back!  Maybe I should stick to white gravy when I am in Mississippi? or maybe it was having an off day?  Nonetheless, I loved this neighborhood, and the clientele and the proximity to Sunday morning mass! lolFood is fabulous! Delivery was long but on a Sunday morning what do u expect! They were more than courteous about it! Will def def call again!AMAZING BREAKFAST SPOT! My boyfriend and I come here regularly. The pancrepes are to die for, and the pigmuffin is out of this world. The service is always great and the staff is more than friendly! It's a rare thing to have great food AND great service in New Orleans. I can not rave enough about this place. The only catch is you have to get there early or there will be a wait! OH AND ORDER THE GRITS! mmmmm!Stopped here for a late breakfast on our way to Oak Alley Plantation. Wasn't too far off the highway. So glad we did! The place was small, funky and pretty stuffy (just fans going) but the vibe was really good! Crystal greeted us warmly and was patient as we tried to figure out what we wanted-Not easy when you have two kids with you. The food was filling and fresh. Would definitely recommend this place!Loved it. We like the rest of New Orleans love a Sunday breakfast. We dont go that often as most breakfast places in town have an hour or longer wait. We went to wakin bakin on a Sunday per a friends reccomndation and walked in without a wait. Major score. The food was fantastic, also a major score. We had the breakfast bowl, and some to die for pancreapes. Was very inpressed, we will be back.How is there not a line to get into this place?  Not that I'm complaining.  The food was excellent.  Hash browns were delicious and my sausage roll was great.  My husband got one of the breakfast bowls, and he said it was awesome.  We took home a baguette and ate practically the whole thing for dinner.  We'll definitely be back.Love this place. Consistently good. They juice oranges fresh for every order. Definitely my favorite easy breakfast place in midcity/lakeview area.Visiting on vacation and decided to check this place out. I'm glad I did. They have a small kitchen, so you might need to expect a wait if it is busy, but the food was really tasty. Everything was homemade and tasted really fresh, and the prices were very reasonable to both the size of the plates and the taste. Small size but not cramped, and a great stop for a good breakfast.While I did not have the pleasure of eating here, I will give the reason for my one star. Walked in, seems that you order your food from the register then find a seat. The gentleman working the register asked if we were ready to order, I said yes, he continued to put away bottled sodas. Another couple walked in, the were promptly greeted by another worker and told to please have a seat and order here when ready. While I normally wouldn't mind, but as we were first and there was only one table available,  this is a bit rude. Probably should not hire people that are so high they are incapable of functioning in a service industry environment.  Shame because the menu actually looks great.First off, food is the bomb.com. Everything cooked fresh and to order with great portion size. Nice small place, with both indoor and outdoor seating. Definitely nothing fancy, a true Nola Gem.  Pretty limited menu, but I'm pretty sure they'll make whatever you want. Also, the price point is perfect. 2 people, great breakfast for less than $20. Only four stars because it's pretty much self service. You order at the counter, you get your own silverware, drinks, and a little hot inside.  All in all, I'll be back.A neighborhood joint, right next to Mid City Pizza. Interesting menu and reasonably priced. I had the hash brown breakfast bowl , and it was a crunchy, greasy fill up of goodness. There are six or eight tables inside and four picnic tables outside , so not too big not too small.We ordered breakfast catering for 80 people from Wakin Bakin two days in a row and they were one of the best breakfast caterers I've ever had. The food was delicious, they were timely and set up everything to perfection. The biscuits and gravy were phenomenal. When we couldn't get into the building and they had to wait like half an hour to set up breakfast, they didn't bat an eye. I don't do events in New Orleans often, but if I did I'd hire them every time, hands down.Wakin' Bakin' sounds like a hella cool spot for some hella good hangover food. But, a restaurant is more than just it's name and Wakin' Bakin' more than represented. Everything was fresh, delicious and homemade from the biscuit to the jelly.
Instead of serving regular pancakes, Wakin' Bakin' opts for Pancrepes (thin crepe-like pancakes ) that taste great by the way.
Their breakfast sandwiches like the Pig Muffin are pretty impressive too.
Good food and a cute location makes Wakin' Bakin' a great way to start the morning.This breakfast place is pretty awesome.  The only negative thing I can think of is its occasionally full of hipsters talking about bingo night (?).  I really only get the regular "boxed breakfast," but its always excellent (bacon always cooked perfectly).  Oh, and definitely get the fresh squeezed orange juice.
tl;dr: Great breakfast place, excellent OJ, occasionally full of hipsters.Never got our meals...
I came here last Sunday with big expectations. I arrived around 10am and there was already a line. It took around 15 minutes before it was our turn to order food and we sat down. That was no big deal. Something I am used to when partaking in a pre-saints game brunch. 
We waited over a hour without being checked on. We soon started seeing people who ordered well after us being served and got tired of waiting. It was around 11:30 and we didn't want to miss the saints game, so we asked to cancel our meals so that we can make it to the game. One of the women behind the counter started making excuses and didn't really want to give us a refund. It took a cook to tell her to give us a refund in order to finally get our money back.
 A hour and a half wait for no food and a lack of professionalism will not having me returning anytime soon. Guess I'll just stay across the street at Biscuits on Banks.This is a very cute little place. We had to stop for some breakfast before we left New Orleans and weren't disappointed. We tried the burrito, biscuits in gravy, avocado toast, yogurt with fruit and hemp seeds. They also have fresh orange juice. 
It was rush hour and their place is small so we had to wait for a table but despite that we enjoyed the food a lot.I got the biscuits and the gravy. The gravy had no flavor at all and hardly any sausage in it. I never put salt and pepper on my food but the gravy needed it bad! The side dish of eggs and bacon were awesome. I am not one who likes to order meals at the counter and drinks so be aware this isn't your sit down and be served type of place.I love this place. Not in the busy French Quarters but every bit as unique and better food. Cinnamon French Toast was great. They asked my name when I arrived then came by my table a couple of times and called me by name... A small gesture that meant a lot. A couple of cons: there are only 7 tables inside and there's nowhere for customers placing to go orders to wait do they end up taking some of they previous few tables; the coffee is fantastic but they only have whole milk for it, no creamer or half n half.This was fine.  Nothing objectionable.  Nothing remarkable. At all.  Just an ok biscuit with an egg and some cheese.I got the pancrepes with bacon, which are totally amazing good. He got the spicy special, grits with pepperjack cheese, bacon and jalapenos. They were good the the pancrepes are something special. We also got a shrimp and sausage cheesecake to share. It was so very good, I'd go back just for that.  Overall outstanding and if we lived there, we'd be back.Wakin Bakin has been the most consistent thing since I've moved to Mid City. I've had everything on the menu, and enjoyed it all! It's a comfortable place, like someone is having you over for breakfast in their home!Small neighborhood breakfast place. Wonderful food and great staff but it may take a while as they do a lot of deliveries. The breakfast bowl is the best deal in town, choice of hash browns, grits or black beans two eggs cheese and bacon but you can sub a veggie for the meat or cheese I love to get it with avocado all for $6Delicious food, friendly staff, quick service. Came here with a group of 20 and they a accommodated us excellently. I had the breakfast bowl with grits and eggs over easy. The grits were incredibly smooth and creamy, with a buttery aftertaste, topped with toasted cheese, and delicious, flavorful bacon. I'd  recommend this place to anyone!Try this place for a quick and filling breakfast. Employees are warm and friendly. Food is hearty, buttery, and cheesy. They gave me a huge cup for my coffee, which was certainly appreciated. Pancrepes were tasty. Small inside, but ToGo containers were nice, which I appreciated.So delicious - tip to tourists (like myself)... eat breakfast where locals go, like here. Legit affordable...and food was wonderful! We made the mistake yesterday of having breakfast in the French Quarter at Stanleys and after waiting about an hour and ten minutes, we had a $50 breakfast for my husband and I. And the food was average. Same your time and money and eat here at Wakin Bakin or a similar local breakfast joint off the beaten path.Wow. Breakfast sausage patties for people who hate breakfast sausage patties. Homemade from their own recipe and super delicious!Came here because it was close to the hostel I was staying at. Meant to get breakfast but a BLT just sounded too good. "Super" BLT with avocado and melted cheddar-fantastic. I got the full size, once I saw it I didn't think there was any way for me to finish it-but I did :)I had the chorizo, ham, shrimp, spinach, and cheese omlete with grits and pancrepe. It was very flavorful and delicious. Only 4 stars because they forgot my shrimp and I had to get it on the side instead of cooked in with the omlete. It's a very small place with maybe room for 10 people or less. I would go back and try other food items. Staff is friendly.I have not had a bad experience at Wakin' Bakin'. Their breakfast bowls are awesome with grits, and the pancrepes and pork were probably the best things I could have eaten as a curative for a hangover. The sausage rolls (essentially sausage patties with eggs and cheese all nestled in a house-baked roll) with hashbrowns is bomb. Note: In NOLA everyone thinks home fries are hash browns. I've only ever really had hash browns here and at Camellia Grill. Love coming here!Good food. Over priced and really cramped dining room. I didn't like the "no table service" idea either.This place is amazing everything on the menu is good. The biscuits with sausage gravy is melt in your mouth so are the pancakes, hash browns & crepes. The service is excellent.Hey bigvhds. I HATE WAKIN BAKEywc cool I got sick from it thanks dumbasses I had to go to Toyota for a long timeTwo days in a row they overcharge menu items clearly stated in the restaurant. Two separate counter girls, two separate times. They are trained to overcharge it seems. Not a fan of dishonest businesses.Amazing little mid city brunch place that offers delivery for the mornings when you just can't drag yourself out of the house.
The menu is small but rich with breakfast staples like omelettes, bacon, sausage and biscuits as well as less artery clogging options like oatmeal and fresh fruit. There is a small pastry case under the register as well. The coffee is botomless and excellent; high turnover means a fresh brew. They don't really so espresso, just drop brewed coffee but they do it well.
The restaurant itself is self seating with indoor and outdoor tables for nicer days. They have an iPad set up with a squareup device so credit cards are no problem.I've tried several breakfast places and this place is my favorite!! I had the pancrepes with sausage and eggs with coffee and every piece of it was amazing!! The pancrepes were amazing!!! the sausage was homemade and delicious! Everything was amazing and I honestly can't wait until I get to go back!! 
I arrive just before the brunch crowd and was able to find a table for myself. So note to anyone try and go early!!Really cool little place that's super casual and friendly. Got the B&G which was delicious and enjoyed the bottomless coffee. Definitely good for your money's worth!Great tasting breakfast burrito. I added chicken and mushrooms. It was amazing. My daughter had the breakfast club sandwich which was chicken, bacon and had with egg and cheese it was very good and filling. My wife had the breakfast bowl and couldn't finish it because it had allot of meat and cheese. The grits we're perfect. Smooth and creamy with a little butter and salt flavor. We loved the food. Very limited seating and long wait for the food but worth it.great little breakfast spot.  Huevos Rancheros were on point.The food was good and prepared quickly. The only thing I was disappointed in was the lack of fresh fruit or veggies on the popular menu items. The only fruit I found was in the yogurt parfait. 
The grits are fabulous though!I'm officially addicted to the Grit Bowl at Wakin' Bakin' I've been back 4 times in two weeks.  Comfort Breakfast!!Love this place, screams nola. Foods awesome, well proportioned. Treats a hangover well. Extremely convenient, despite the lack of space, pick up is always a nice option. Or stay awhile and take advantage of their outside seating.Homemade English muffins, ridiculously good grits (and I'm normally ambivalent about grits), great breakfast bowls and nice sandwiches all with fresh produce and fresh baked items. Parking can be challenging in this neighborhood. The downside? - not many places to sit. Food is good in a simple and wonderful way.I live right around the corner and have been wanting to try this place for a while now because I've heard grood things. Its very small when you walk in with just a few tables inside and a couple outside. All the coffee cups are different which makes you feel right at home. I got the breakfast burrito with chorizo which was very good! My friend got the sausage biscuit and cheese sandwich with grits which was a little small but pretty good. They also have biscuits, pastries, muffins, and sweets in a glass case at the front where you order which all looked delicious! The service was very friendly and the food came out quick and hot! Also you can see them make your food so you know its clean! We will definitely be back, maybe for lunch next time. The only downside is that they close at 2 p.m.Strolling through banks St. For a brunch meal and this place seemed nice without much wait, unfortunately it wasn't a good experience. 
My friend and I were having this as a breakfast before we leave NOLA, so we were looking for somewhere to quickly eat and go. 
Getting to order didn't take too long, and we took a seat in the corner. However, once there, it took about 10 minutes to reheat a andouille cheesecake, then another half hour for our breakfast of sausage and gravy and "pancrepes" to arrive. We were fairly annoyed at that point but we finally got our meal. 
I liked the andouille cheesecake, it is a sharp cheese but mellowed out by the rest of the ingredients. 
The pancreas were just thin pancakes nothing special. Rest of the breakfast foods were also basic. 
The bad was the biscuits and gravy. The gravy was... Dry... And biscuits were... Really dry. A gloppy desert. Maybe tone down the use of flour. 
We promptly left after we devoured our meal as we had to get to the airport.Bland. Avocado toast was so boring. The bread wasn't toasted, just slapped on the plate with veggies on top and I added eggs which were severed cold. 
My husband got the breakfast burrito and again no flavor even though he added chorizo and gravy on top. Also the cook on the cold side should be wearing gloves when touching so many raw fruits and vegetables.Skip this place.The food here was ok but nothing special. The pancrepes were the best thing I tried. With all of the wonderful places to eat in Nola, I probably won't be back. It's a bit difficult that there is no waiting list for a table. You just have to pounce.It was fresh. It was hot, and really, really good! These guys KNOW how to do it. I'll never go anywhere else in this neighborhood. Thank heaven they're local boys. No corporate octopus here. It's personal TLC all the way. Thank you, Wakin' Bakin' for being you.Nothing fancy about this place. Good menu, quick service, and tasty food. A bit over priced but everything is fresh.My husband and I wanted to try this based on Yelp reviews.  I can't say it was bad, but the people that think this is so great need to try a few more places.  Of course, when we got there, a staff member was clearing a table and so we stood just inside the door.  So we were standing inside the door, and I felt I was out of the way, but another staff member coming back in from outside (I guess to make a point?), chose to push the door open and right into my back. I turned and looked at him and he looked back with a look like "I dare you to say something."  Anyway, we had our expensive and mediocre breakfast.  Perhaps it was a bad day, because I am really sure what everyone raves about on this site.We ordered the breakfast bowl. The food is excellent. Grits were creamy and delicious. And biscuits were to die for! The set up of the restaurant can get a bit crowded. But it also gives you a chance to meet different people. Will visit again!It's a decent, basic breakfast. If that's what you are looking for then this is the place. I didn't find anything special about it. Service was ok, food was ok... not something I will go out of my way for.Great food and great service. The burrito was phenomenal and the pancrapes were off the chain! The sausage was cooked perfect and had great flavor and the pancrapes had an amazing taste and were light and fluffy. The burrito was stuffed to the max and the eggs were cooked to perfection. Great find, will be back most def.Food was ok but.it took forever and many order after us but got.their food before. Foods is not worth the wait. Nothing special.The location and atmosphere is nice and the food is generally good. Our experience today was not the best as we waited for 45 min after we paid for our order and two visits inside to ask before a server came out to ask if we wanted a substitution since they were out of avocado! Our order had still not been started. 
The manager did come out and apologize for the inordinate delay and refunded the cost. 
I know that their kitchen is very small and their capacity is extremely limited but the logistics of placing and managing the orders does not require much. 
We had a long delay the last time we came as well so it is not an isolated occurrence. 
I only write about this so that future patrons know to NOT be in a rush and expect delays. 
The food is good and you. Won't be disappointed by the quality.My boyfriend and I happened upon this place because ruby slipper had an hour wait and it was close by/ near our house. Thank god we did. They served the best pancakes I've had in my five years of living in New Orleans. Everything we ordered was delicious (especially the breakfast burrito) and the woman who took our order was very sweet and positive. Will absolutely be back again and again.This place was referred to me by my Airbnb host. I was looking for a cheap place to eat breakfast alone since my friends flights were all delayed. I got the box breakfast with egg bacon and cheesy grits for $7. Definitely great hangover food! Cheap and just right! Their fresh squeezed orange juice was $5 but well worth it because I felt like I literally just squeezed a few oranges into my cup! Definitely a great hangover spot!Best $8 breakfast I've had in a very long time. About 5 min from the freeway, and well worth it on our way out of New Orleans. We each got the large "Box'd Breakfast" (2 eggs, 4pc bacon, and biscuit, with side of hash browns) and requested gravy for our biscuits. The bacon could have been warmer, and the iced tea didn't pass my companion's taste-test, but the gravy, biscuits, hash browns, and eggs were all truly first-rate. Wow! The bearded guy in red pajama pants, back in the kitchen, seems to know his stuff.Great food! They put their love in their cooking and it was quick! I'll have to add this to my itinerary each time!Always good food at a great price. Especially love the hash browns extra crispy. Friendly service just don't go with the expectation of a quick meal. They may be small but they do a booming take away and delivery service.This is my absolute favorite spot for breakfast and brunch. Stumbled upon this neighborhood fave several years ago and it never disappoints. The owner and staff are always cheery and they have the best grits in town. All breads are made in-house and I hear they make their own breakfast sausage too. Everything is always super fresh and they plate their dishes well. If you're there, you have to try their fresh squeezed orange juice. The BLT (they change the name occasionally) is made with the most delicious sourdough bread. My little neighborhood hole in the wall is about as tasty as it gets!I really love the atmosphere of this place.  Super laid back though usually filled with people so it may be difficult finding a spot to sit. 
Everything on the menu looks delicious and I typically take a few minutes to decide before getting the breakfast club every time. It is a very messy sandwich but always great. Luckily I usually come by myself to read a book and eavesdrop on people so I can eat however I want. 
The reason I decided to FINALLY write a review is because this morning, as the young man was walking my sandwich to me a square inch of ham fell out of my sandwich and onto the floor. I didn't notice but he came back a moment later with a freshly grilled piece of (new) ham and explained what happened. !!!!! Talk about wow thanks
Great New Orleans service and breakfast spotOne of my new favorite places in mid-city for breakfast.  Why?  Because I don't have to get out of my PJs to eat it!  That's right...a delivery breakfast service (they also have sit-down dining as well now, but that's not why this place is awesome)!
Good menu of morning staples and some interesting takes on classics.
Wife had the pancrepes and pig...delicious.
I had the large box breakfast (eggs, 4 strips of bacon, biscuit and preserves and a side).  Everything was great except for the side I got.  The black beans were pretty tasteless honestly.  Everything else was delicious.
Delivery was fast and the food was piping hot.
Highly recommend this place on any day, but especially those NOLA mornings where you may need a little extra nourishment before you can truly get going and put on clothes!The food at Wakin' Bakin' is delicious, and having it brought right to my door by their friendly drivers makes Wakin' Bakin' a WIN-WIN spot for breakfast or brunch! I recommend the breakfast bowls, which I usually get with grits and eggs over easy. The Gravy Train is also one of my indulgences from time to time when two homemade biscuits swimming in a sweet, white gravy is just what the hangover doctor ordered. 
The staff are always exceptionally friendly both on the phone and upon delivery, which is usually reliably quick (30-45 mins during peak hours). Their prices are exceptionally reasonable, AND, as if all that weren't enough, some of the best lookin' fellas in Mid-City happen to work there, so there's the eye candy a la cart at no extra charge (Tip those hardworkin' waiters & drivers, y'all!!) 
I'll be calling them now to place an order, since I'm good and salivate-y from thinking about all that tasty Southern goodness fixin' to head down to Tummy Town.This is for sure a local hole in the wall place! And delicious!!! We went here on a whim.... And so glad we did! 5 people and we all enjoyed our food. The staff was super friendly. Don't expect a cookie cutter place.... This place is eclectic! And portions are pretty big! Same price as IHOP with much better food and service! Like being at a friends house!A true treasure! 
I had the Big John with an egg, and it was absolutely delicious plus it came with a coffee, which is everything I love in one meal. Oh and it was inexpensive so an extra treat! I also appreciated the quirky mismatching mugs the coffee comes in. 
If you're looking for a breakfast spot outside of the hustle of Bourbon St, and/or near the City Park then you should mosey over to Wakin' Bakin'.Less than 20 minute delivery on Endymion day! ALL HAIL WAKIN BAKIN!!! My go to breakfast spot in midcity Nola baby!This is a so so place. Nothing to brag about. It's okay for it's neighborhood, but not sure I would go back. The biscuit was not done all the way, but it had a great flavor. The grits were not gritty - too creamy. Grits should have some body. The bacon was great. The eggs look like candy and were so so for over easy. Nothing to brag about. If you have no point of reference you can be fooled into thinking this is a good place to eat.I will give this place despite the fact there were two hairs baked into my biscuit (not mine) and the sausage patty was undercooked.  My reasoning for 5 stars: the cashier Meghan was awesome, free parking, no wait, tasty coffee and a charming no frills atmosphere.  The big John was a bit small, but nonetheless still delicious.   Bathroom was clean too!This is a cozy spot with friendly service. The breakfast tacos were good. The Gravy Train, on the other hand, was terrible. The biscuits were very dense and sweet, like a cake. The sausage gravy that smothered them was stodgy and thick,like glue, making the combination uneatable. Thankfully, the eggs and bacon were on a separate plate, and were fine. Steer away from the Gravy Train!Talk about a great TRADITIONAL BREAKFAST place. I emphasize this because a friend of mine was griping that she wanted something with a cajun flare. The food does run a little high, but its quality over savings.
I ordered the pancrepes with bacon and eggs. Eggs were nothing special, but still good. the bacon here is amazing. Every bite had such a great flavor. I couldn't stop eating it. It had the right amount of crunch and salt, with a touch a greasy that really settled well on the tongue. The shocking part is how much bacon they give out. I had at least SIX PIECES. The pancrepe was really good as well. It wasn't exotic or bursting with flavor, but the thin texture was a nice break with a heavy pancake. Their omelettes are pretty damn good. My friends got a veggie omelette and chorizo special of the day and both tasted wonderful. 
Like any breakfast place on the weekend, don't wait until 10 or 11 to show up. This small is super small and they only have three tables that can accommodate four people. And keep in mind that you seat yourself and order at the counter. Its not a traditional sit down with a waiter/waitress. This is definitely a place for the locals, and if you can make a trek to this location, do it.I absolutely love a good breakfast, i can eat it any time of the day. Woke up this morning unable to drive myself somewhere for food because my car is in the shop, had the biggest urge for breakfast and although i am walking distance from Ruby Slipper, i wanted something different. 
Discovered this little gem, and it turned out to be an enlightening experience. What did it for me was that this place delivered. What a perfect solution to my ail! 
Ordered the pancrepes with sausage and a queso burrito. Didn't quite think the pancrepes alone would be enough which is why i added the burrito, but i am typing this review as my burrito sits in the bag. The pancrepes came with scrambled eggs and your choice of bacon or sausage. It tasted like a real home-made breakfast, it really hit the spot. 
Delivery was fast and on point, food was still piping hot and got here in about half the time they said over the phone. 
Glad i discovered this place, definitely my go-to breakfast joint when i'm feeling lazy/hungover :)This was a rare find told to us by our AirBNB hosts. It is a quaint little spot on Banks Street that you might miss, if you don't watch for it. While it might be small on size, it is huge on taste. I had the Grits Bowl with eggs, which was absolutely amazing -- you will definitely not leave hungry after having it. We split a Sausage Andouille "Cheesecake" (quiche-basically), which was one of the best things that I have ever eaten! If I were in a 'last meal' kind of situation, this item would be on my list of 'last things to eat'. We love trying local places and Wakin' Bakin' did not disappoint.It's a small funky place. The menu was colorful with several choices for breakfast and lunch. 
We ordered the Pancrepes and Pork, but not asked how we'd like our eggs cooked. We had to ask if we could have them over easy. We also ordered the Queso Burrito and two coffees. 
When we sat down the table and chairs were somewhat sticky. They did not use any cleaner to wipe down the table. There was a huge amount of cakes on dust on the ceiling fans! Luckily they weren't on. 
As for the food, the coffee was okay, a little watery for my taste. The queso burrito had just the right amount of cheese and chorizo! It comes with sour cream and salsa. I wish the container was a little bigger for the salsa! I ran out half way through the burrito. 
The pancrepes were really good, as well! The maple syrup was light, but the container too small. The sausage was awesome. 
Food great! Just needs a little housekeeping to make it epic!Wakin' Bacon is a great spot to grab brunch. I ordered the omelette and chocolate chip pancakes for $14 including 20% tip. Friends and I sat at the tables outside and waited about twenty minutes for the food. That's the one complaint. One a Saturday morning, it's somewhat more understandable, but it took a while for the food to come.
Once it came it was awesome. The bacon and mushroom omelette with avocado on top (those are the ingredients I selected from a list) was one of the best I've ever had. The chocolate chop pancrepes were also delicious. Would come here again but would prefer if the service were a bit faster.Quiet quaint restaurant behind Jesuit hs. Really polite staff. Had the pancrepes (pancake/crepe) and it was delicious. Eggs and grits needed seasoning badly. Bacon fried hard and yummy. Very fast service. Nothing too special besides the nice staff and quick service. Good was a 3 out of 5 overall. Wig ur passing by on a quiet relaxed day/morning it's worth a try but get the pancrepes and be ready to add seasoning to eggs or grits they were completely blandCame here to this funky little spot in mid city looking for a decent breakfast to get me ready for the day. The food was pretty good but my favorite part was the coffee. I need to find out what the brand was, but I have to say that it was the best coffee I have had in a long while. We had to unfortunately leave quickly after we had to sit down, and I was very happy that the staff was more than willing to accommodate us in our time of need. I will have to come back to have our food at the restaurant. I will be back to review again!My order came out wrong twice and the food was just okay.  Multiple other orders in my group were wrong too.  The staff was friendly although the girl working the register had no business doing anything more complicated than breathing. The one perk...BYOB! Morning bubbly helped salvage the meal!The wait is not worth the hippy dining experience. Sometimes the idea of a hole in the wall breakfast joint is better than the actual implementation. You pay for your food at the counter, wait 30-40 minutes for a table to open up so you can sit down, and then eventually about 30 minutes later you might get everyone's plate at the same time. How on earth this place is so highly rated on Yelp I will never know. Keep scrolling if you are looking for a dining experience.I get it that this tiny little gem is charming. Hubby and I went for brunch on a weekend and of course  they're packed but that didn't stop us from trying it.  We had southern biscuits, hash browns and my favorite are their pancakes because they're buttery and smooth to the taste. Overall it was alright but nothing really stood out for me, we'll definitely be back and might try other stuff on their menu and let's see how that goes.I'll give it a thumbs up, but I'm not dying to go back....  I enjoyed the atmosphere, the charm and the friendly, quick service, but the food...mehh not too impressed.  There's really not that many ways to mess up breakfast food however, the hasbrowns were blan and burnt on every ones plates that I could see.  We went at the perfect time because it was packed around 10am.
Go here to grab a little bite to eat and sit with a small group of friends while drinking a cup of coffee, all in different mugs(which I thought was adorable) but definitely don't come here with a huge crowd.Great food and very friendly service.  Not to mention a great value. Will definitely return!A bit hit or miss sometimes but when they hit their breakfasts are awesome. When they miss it is usually the wrong order combination or parts of food is cool. Definite go-back for me-I will take my chances because when they are good they are great. Plus the name has to make you smile even if you aren't a 420 person.I've gotten delivery from here twice and I haven't been disappointed.  It's cheap and good.  I'll definitely be ordering from here again & again.Quaint, good was meh.  Served cold and was nothing to brag about.  Not sure how this place got such high ratings honestly.   I can see this being a cool spot for locals but I don't recomend it for a hot to spot if you are looking for a great NOLA experience.2x visit & the menu is not as big & the entrees are pretty basic.  They do brunch so, when I say the menu isn't so big, it's quite limited to eggs and bacon.Delicious. Reasonable prices. I love the breakfast bowl. Great hangover meal or you can make it a healthier protein packed meal for really cheap. No mimosas but they do let you bring a bottle of champagne if you buy their OJ.A great place to start any day; only problem I see is that I didn't have room for one of the wonderful looking glaze donuts after my black bean and hash brown breakfast bowl!Breakfast delivery.  That alone deserves 5 stars.  My husband and I have no regrets ordering our weekend (and sometime weekday) Wakin Bakin - the food is great quality & cook to order.  Our favorites - Pancrepes & Pork & the Breakfast Bowl w/grits.  Grateful for our time in Mid-City and blessed to have had Wakin Bakin delivery.  We will miss you when we are gone.Theeeeee absolute best. They food is delicious  and fresh and taste great. The chocolate milk is something special. The monkey bread will make you lick you fingers and they have bottomless coffee and ice tea. I get the crapes with real fresh fruit. We tried buns and biscuits and was so disappointed we wanted to start our morning over at wakin bacon. Spinach in my husbands omelette was so good. Love this place. It's very hippyish but who doesn't love a hippy.Cute little hole in the wall in a suburb neighborhood! Walked into this restaurant without knowing it existed and I was quite pleased! I had the breakfast burrito with bacon and hash browns inside with sour cream on the side, pretty yummy & filling! I had an order of cheese grits on the side but they weren't anything out of this world. The staff was friendly but the wait for our food was long, I guess it being a Sunday morning was the reason. All in all it was a nice quick mealVery good and creative breakfast place!!!  Only complaint is that it only seats about15 people. Worth the wait if you have to.This place is amazing. Staff was friendly. The food was really good I had the breakfast bowl. It was really nice sitting outside enjoying the beautiful weather. Definitely will be back.I need to try this spot again...maybe earlier in the day. My food was yummy...but they had run out of ice for my tea. So I ended up with mostly warmish iced tea.
The baked goods were really tasty and my boxed biscuit was good...but I had to tell the counter clerk 3 times to leave off the bacon which she never wrote down. When she turned my order in to the back, I called out to the line chef that I needed the bacon left off. He looked at the ticket again and said thanks for letting him know since it wasn't written down. They did offer me extra fruit since I didn't want bacon. Now that's an awesome trade off for me.
The preserves were outstanding and homemade so that's a definite bonus.Good food! Cozy atmosphere. Friendly service, but takes awhile to prepare. Don't go in a rush.
Also, kitchen workers should be wearing gloves and hair net. Several times I saw the kitchen worker rub his hair and nose and continue to prepare food. :-/Great breakfast joint; it's really a hidden gem in that the only reason I know this place exists is because of Yelp. I've been here a handful of times and have never been let down. It's quite small so I usually do takeout only. 
Everything is good, service is fine and friendly, overall a great place to go for breakfast for a quality and affordable meal.My friend and I went here yesterday and I got the breakfast bowl. It was good. I got hashbrowns as the base but I think black beans would've been better. It is a cute little cafe in mid city with good service!Saw the high reviews and decided to try it out. 
It's very average and very overpriced, to put it nicely.
Ordered the typical American breakfast, with scrambled eggs, sausage, pancakes, and fruit. The fruit is additional cost. Nothing tasted that special or fresh. The eggs were dry. The sausage were the patty ones; should have asked for the links. The pancakes were large and was probably the best part of the meal. The fruit wasn't too fresh. 
Won't return.Came here after hearing about it through a friend. This place has a very local hipster feel to it. Great place to go and have a great breakfast away from touristy New Orleans. If I lived here I would make this an "every Saturday morning routine." 
I ordered the platter of pancrepes, 2 eggs, housemade sausage. Umm, well how do I put this? AWESOME! the pancrepes were very light compared to regular pancakes. This could be a great thing and a bad thing.... I mean they are so good and light that you could pound out like 9 of these, but then again do you need 9 of them? Yea you are probably right.... YES!
Go now and go often!We came to Wakin Bakin on a recommendation from a friend. Great little place, nice folks and very accommodating. My friend eats gluten free and they took extra care in preparing her food. I had the breakfast bowl with hash browns. It was delicious! I would highly recommend their breakfast. Eat here you won't be sorry!Does not disappoint! Ordered the ABC for lunch and it was delicious! It was so fresh and toasty even though I opted for delivery. I always recommend it when I'm in the area with friends. Service is always good as well. A bit cramped inside, but they have outside seating.Everything is good - genuinely everything - our favorites are the eggs...so yummy and well prepared. The breakfast bowl with hashbrowns (AMAZING) is my husband's fave and mine is the sausage roll or queso-burrito (eggs are so good)! we live around the corner and i honestly diet mon-friday to be able to go here on the weekends. SOOOOO happy you are so close wakin' bakin!!! keep up the great fresh food!This is one of those places I would have never know about or even noticed unless someone has told me about it. I was in the area and got a hunger for some breakfast. Stopped at another place which was not open yet officially but the staff member recommended I go here. It's very small and sort of nondescript but what it lacks in size it makes up for in a solid breakfast. It's a great local breakfast joint.Reasonably priced, great breakfast food, authentic feel. What's not to love?
They were also more than willing to make substitutions for no up charge. Awesome!Finally got to eat here and it will be the last.
If you've read my previous experience at Wakin' & Bakin', you know it ended with me not being able to eat. Well, I wanted to really try this place, so I decided to today. The food was subpar. 
I ordered the gravy train and my friend ordered the queso burrito. Both of us were unimpressed. The gravy train, as they called it, was overpriced and tasted quite bad. The two small biscuits were undercooked and the smaller amount of gravey they put on top of them tasted of mostly onion. The 2 eggs and bacon were the only decent things apart of my meal. 
The queso burrito with sausage was dry and  mostly tortilla. We ordered grits, which they forgot and we had to go request them after our food arrived. All while there was only one other patron drinking coffee in the store and multiple employees talking. We had one coffee and two waters and the total bill was $24.00
Overpriced subpar food. I gave this place two tries. Maybe you'll have better luck than I did.got a breakfast bowl half & half ... delish!!! will def come back. love the atmosphere.I love that this place is so close to home! It's a small joint and it's pretty much self service i.e. grab your own silverware and drink. If you're looking for fancy try someplace else but if you really want a great breakfast try this place. Get the shrimp n grits if it's the special it well never let you down.Obsessed! I love you Wakin Bakin!!! I seriously love this place! The food is great and the customer service is stellar, they make you feel like family and the food is always Fresh! I order the breakfast burrito religiously, they actually call it  and know my order as the "Nickaritto" ( my name is Nicki) the order is eggs, cheddar cheese and hash-browns in a tortilla! The hash browns are so damn good, they are freshly peeled everyday, and perfectly crispy and fresh fresh fresh!  You can see them cooking and prepping the food, I love that! The food really is so great but I truly come back because of the service, they have Great personalities that work there! It isn't the biggest space, but that is part of the charm of this place, very familial. They have excellent daily specials that are very creative! The grits are seriously the kind of grits you expect to get in the south, damn good grits yall!! I don't eat beef or pork but my sister and friends do and swear by their fresh delicious meats!! I come here literally almost everyday for a couple years now, and have nothing but pleasant happy memories! Also the prices are really good! Yay, good inexpensive fresh ingredients and over the top excellent great customer service! Run don't walk to Wakin Bakin!! Also if for any reason you didn't like something tell them, they can handle constructive criticism and truly welcome the feedback, they really want to make your experience a happy one! OH and if you get stranded in the neighborhood (say due to an unfortunate dog walking incident) they might just pick you up and drive you home, it happened to me! Gotta love Conrad my savior! True story yall!I walked in and saw two women chowin' down on something that looked delish! It was the breakfast bowl, which I ordered with grits and eggs over easy. I was not disappointed.  I also had one of their brownies.  Who says you can't have some dessert with breakfast!? It was awesome as well. 
Everything prepared made to order, place is clean, and staff is friendly and helpful!Pretty good,eggs could have been better!! Grits were a bit watery but still a pretty decent breakfast!!What a wonderful gem. I had the special which was a giant croissant filled spinach, shrimp, tomatoes, scrambled eggs and melted cheese that was covered in rich cajun cream sauce. It was amazing. I had their freshly squeezed orange juice too. 
It is a small place and you order at the counter which makes splitting checks not so nightmarish. I loved the ambience and the tacky stuff all over the walls. I went on a Friday so there was no wait. I imagine on the weekend this place could be a long wait bc of the size. But I loved it and would love to go back.Stopped in this morning for breakfast after a hard gym workout. At first glance, it's a cute little restaurant. I love the menu options so I opted for the burrito with chorizo, peppers, caramelized onions and avocado. I had hash browns, crispy, which were so done it tasted like a potato latke. And some fresh orange juice that was delicious. The burrito and OJ were good. I felt like everything was pricey for what I got. You clean your own tables and pour your own coffee. Love the name, liked my experience.Ordered delivery. Got a quest burrito, which didn't have any eggs in it (the main component of the dish). We got a biscuit sandwich and added eggs, which we didn't get, and the dish came with coffee (which - surprise - we also didn't receive). Added avocado and never received any. Hash browns were burnt. Spent over $50 and half of our food we paid for was missing. Never again.Such a great omelet. I'm a Natzi about soft scrambled eggs and they nailed it. The beaux had fried eggs over easy w grits and bacon and it looked divine also. Cool vibe inside and they deliver. Just a solid breakfast spot not to miss.AWFUL! It took 45 minutes for our scrambled eggs to come out and it was COLD! Wouldn't recommend.I was very excited to try this place due to the rave reviews it received. I was sadly disappointed. Pancakes were burnt, other food was barely warm. Food taste horrible. Place was dirty. The only thing that I enjoyed was the bottle of coke. I spent $32 on a horrible breakfast. Prices were stupid expensive for crappy food!!!!Been wanting to come here a while now and have no clue why I haven't till now.  This place is great.  It is the epidome of Mid-city charm.  Not flashy, Not decked out.  It focuses on what it needs to.... The Food.  
Specialized breakfast joint.  If you have never had Pancrepes before you are in for a treat.  Very light and fulfilling.  The Bacon is cooked to perfection.  
Service was wonderful. Had a very positive experience.  Very friendly and took pride in the place as well as her recommendation for a first timer.  
Parking: it's Mid City..... That's all I have to say about that.  
Enjoy!Small quant place for breakfast. Food menu prices are reasonable although most come meatless and have upcharges for adding meat or extras to them. Food had good enough portions for price and was pretty good for how simple the menu is. the freshly squeezed orange juice was excellent! The venue is small with a few tables inside and a couple outside so be aware going at popular times especially on weekends. Overall it was a good experience for a very laid back food venue. Would go there again!Maybe I came on an off day. The restaurant was nearly empty.  Our food was delicious.  These were some of the best hash browns in Nola.  The eggs were cooked perfectly.  I would love, LOVE to give them a better rating. However, after waiting 30 minutes for food, it was all cold.  The eggs, hash etc all came out cold.  If they were waiting on something, I wish they would have told us.  
My other small complaint ( I know this sounds whiny, but I saw it happen to us and another table).  They bring the food to the table and then direct you to get up and grab the silverware.  As soon as your food comes, you have to get up and get silverware.  This is annoying.  Your place is all of 8 tables.  Don't you have time to grab a fork on your way to the table?We are on a road trip and wanted to have breakfast at a place not touristy. It is in a cute neighborhood and has a local feel. 
You order your meal then find a place to sit. There is no putting your name in for a seat, you just wait for other guests to leave. 
We had four different items on the menu and they were all yummy!Amazing staff - such beautiful, pleasant people. The best grits I've ever had; the whole table wanted to order more after tasting mine. The pancakes were good, but they weren't pancrepes (thin, egg-y, crispy on the edges). These were regular, fluffy pancakes, which I normally hate, but the flavor was good. I'll definitely be going back, but they need to change the name of the pancrepes on the menu. (In a previous visit, they were legitimately pancrepes; so, it could have been an off day with the cook.)Great little place. Staff is very friendly and their baked goods are great. The preserves are outstanding. Since it is a very small place, i only wish that when your finished eating your meal please leave so the next customer can have a seat and enjoy their meal.Very nice relaxing spot, whether you need a solution for a hangover or to relax and enjoy a home style breakfast. The homemade breakfast sausage is good. The breakfast bowl is my go to. Fast easy service. Staff is always polite.Locally own hidden in Mid-city small & cozy where locals come to eat and tourist come to get away from downtown crowds. Clean, friendly and accommodating with breakfast requests.Came here with a friend after a nice run in city park. The location is pretty nice although kind of hard to find parking in this residential area. The spot is small, and kind of packed inside. There's a small counter to buy food (you can sit down or a lot of people take out) and inside there's a drink station with coffee (3 bucks). The service was great, and the cashier and waiter/waitresses were prompt and polite. I had the burrito (queso and eggs, along with some meat you can add) as well as the shrimp and grits. I thought the burrito was a good value meal and a nice homemade filling breakfast meal. The shrimp and grits were somewhat average, a little too much on the salty end and not too filling. Ginger taste was a tad strong, and I suppose it may just be the time of the season but the shrimp not as fresh as some of the other places. Overall it's a perky place that id like to come back to again sometime not quite after a big workoutThis place is awesome. Top notch service. Food is amazing. I had queso-burrito with chorizo and black beans and a glazed donut. My friend had the large boxed breakfast. Everything was great. Preserves and biscuits were excellent. 
Came back for breakfast again today. Definitely the best breakfast spot I've been to in a while.This place was okay. Really, just okay. I had the Breakfast Club, which was a chicken, ham, bacon, Swiss cheese, and fried egg sandwich ($10). I also had grits, added avocado, and had an iced coffee to drink. I'm not sure how the chicken was prepared, but it looked like it may have been boiled and then put on a grill for a bit to get some markings. It looked unappetizing and was flavorless. As a personal preference, I'm not a fan of unseasoned, or boiled chicken, so I ended up taking the chicken out and just eating the sandwich without it. 
The service was friendly, but the place overall is very small and seating is limited. The food was pretty cheap, but can add up (I think a side of fruit was like $4??). People seem to get confused of how a line works in smaller places, so I had a few people try to step in in front of me. With that said, try to line up in front of the register away from the front door (parallel to the service bar).Good food for a fair price nice quiet neighborhood area. Serve yourself coffee and find your own seats.Very Disappointed... My hubby and I ordered take out this morning. The biscuit was raw in the middle and I could not even eat it. The grits were like water and had a piece of plastic in it... The worst I have ever tasted. So, I ate my 1 egg and 2 pieces bacon.  Not happy...Good coffee. But DONT GET THE HASHBROWNS!! Weirdest, greasiest presentation I've ever seen. Inedible.
Oh yeah--and excellent musicThis place is hilarious. It's a total mess yet it's packed. 
I thought maybe they had great food or something but the hash browns come out brown like they were cooked in old oil or a dirty pan. 
The coffee was alright. Better than the bean gallery for sure.I came here for breakfast with my girlfriend as it was close to the hotel I was staying at. We had the queso-burrito and the breakfast bowl. Both were ridiculously good. The service was fast and the food was cheap. If I lived in the area I'd probably hit this place up for breakfast at least once a week.We didn't even order food.We walked inside and it is fithy .Just walked out
Nasty peopleDelicious breakfast! I got the pancrepes and pork deal and absolutely loved it. Would recommend, however the seating is limited so come as a duo.First time here and I'm sold. Cozy little spot tailor made for a foodie like me. I had the BAT with sourdough bread instead of a crossaint-best choice ever! The service was good and the prices are decent. I will return to make my way through the menu.Always solid. Love the simplicity of the breakfast and it's very good. The atmosphere is very low key and clearly focused on the neighborhood. Just feels like your hanging with friends and family over a great meal.Walked out and did not even order after watching one of the cooks replate another customer's food with his bare hands. He didn't use any utensils or any gloves.I eat breakfast/brunch here every time I visit New Orleans. The establishment is rather small but fitting for its atmosphere. The staff are very kind people and provides great customer service. The food is very good. A must try breakfast/brunch spot.Only rating a one star because it won't let me give a negative number. Where do I start? First off if paying $32 for breakfast at  an order on your own no table service establishment, it better be the best breakfast ( short of mama's) I've ever had. The eggs were ordered over medium and came out over easy, the hash browns had more oil then BP, and the pancakes, while perfectly round and stacked, were burnt and no amount of butter or their tiny cup of syrup were going to help. The breakfast burrito my companion ordered tasted as it just came from the microwave, who doesn't toast their tortillas?!?!? The shining item on my order was the ice cold bottle of coke. Save the time and eat somewhere else. Advice from your loving food reviewer.
*** on a positive the owner did return our money***Fabulous little gem of a restaurant nestled in the heart of Mid-City. Quaint indoor dining with outside seating option available too. Awesome food. Service was great as well. Very friendly staff. Highly recommend the biscuits and gravy.It is Saturday or Sunday. You sleep in a couple hours and wake up with your stomach growling. Be like me and grab your mode of transportation and head to Wakin' Bakin'. Why? Here are my reasons. 
1. Sometimes, you don't need a fancy breakfast. Instead, you need a tasty meal that sits in your stomach happy. 
2. It feels like home. The mugs, the decor, the vibe - it all feels like home. I literally took my dad there when he visited. 
3. Bowls of food - I love the idea of that I can put my favorite breakfast items in a bowl and eat them all together. 
4. Variety. Though the menu seems small, there is enough variety to get everyone something delightful.
5. Since you can build your own food, those of us with allergies can easily find something delicious to eat without feeling like a pain in the butt.