Beer taps installed at your table? No Wai! Although its a bit mainstream, this is a decent eatery to get your NoLa adventures started. Cute girls in cheerleading outfits with Cajun accents (Insert Love Emoticon) everywhere. The boom boom shrimp had a bit too much batter, but it was tasty. Crawfish Atchafayala was fantastic though, hearty and succulent and very filling, but i keep thinking about the table taps!! How come this isn't a thing everywhere?! Even on a weekday, it got so crowded at lunch time, we were tempted to ...... walk on .... towards another establishment. Glad we stayed.Horrible service!The waiter asked me what I ordered 3 times...then the manager basically told me that it was my fault that it takes the kitchen over 50 minutes to prepare a to go order of Buffalo tenders and fries. The manager then proceeded to offer me a refund but realized that he could not find my order and eventually had to ask me for my AMEX credit card number in order to refund me. Really disappointing!Good bar food, generous portions, good prices.  Very crowded when we arrived but seated quickly.  Boom-boom shrimp appetizer was great!  Good service.  Fries were cold but the waitress quickly replaced.Hamburgers are ok. Fries were hard. Broccoli was old. I don't recommend this place for the food. There were plenty of screens for sports viewing if that's what you are in to.One word Cajundillas!!! Best quesadillas I've ever had!!! Came in on a Sunday , service was great! We tried the Sweet Chilli Boneless wings, they were good too!The burger was decent, but this place and the people there are just a little too arrogant and full of themselves.  We came in for lunch closer to 1:30, and by 1:50 the place had pretty much cleared out.  We still did not get our food until 2:20, which at that point we had to get our food packaged to go and get back to the office and eat at our desk.  I understand schedules and routines are still being worked out because the establishment is newly opened, but what happened to us isn't far off from what I've heard my friends at LSU say about the location in Baton Rouge.  There are way too many good restaurants in NOLA, and the sports / bar food schtick will wear off.  They'll do fine during football season, that's about it.  If you're in the CBD, stay away from Walk On's.I came in to hopefully watch the Boston Bruins game.  The bartender Jamie was very friendly and helpful to accommodate our wishes! Nice cold beer too!Throughly impressed! I ordered the hang over burger, this is the one with an egg on top! The burger was huge, great flavor, great bun! Our waitress although she was new did a great job! We went on Wednesday night which is half price for college students so for  6 bucks I got a huge burger and a pile of fries! Great place, can't wait to go back!!Walk ons used to have a very good turkey burger, but not anymore. They switched patties and now they are crap. The Mardi Gras Mahi is pretty good. It can take a long time to get service.I had never been inside Walk On's but had ordered their food from Happy's next door before, so this was my first experience actually eating inside the restaurant. A friend and I decided to get a late night bite and the this was the closest place. From the get go, things were off. Let me also preface this by saying that both myself and my friend have been in the service industry before so are generally easy going customers, but this was a really terrible experience.
When we walked in, there was about 5 waitress just standing by the hostess stand. We were told we could seat ourselves at the bar. The actual bar was full, but there are tables in the bar area, so we sat down. My friend went to use the restroom while I was sitting waiting for the waitress. She comes up and asks if I need help. I said we were told to seat ourselves, to which she replied we needed a hostess to seat us. Ok, no problem. I get back up and tell the hostess, who rolls her eyes at the other waitress and sits us at the bar area, but at another table. 
Our waitress seems friendly enough, but then forgets that she hadn't taken our order yet. Ok, no biggie. We're seated by the kitchen, which generally isn't a problem, but the manager and a waitress were arguing right next to our table. At least go in the kitchen!  When my food comes out, it's the wrong thing. The waitress assures me she put it in right and it was the kitchen that messed up. She then turns to me and says that the entire computer system went down so she doesn't know what to do. I just look at her. Ever heard of an actual written ticket? Or, you know, letting a manager know so he can tell the kitchen he needs it on the fly? 20 minutes later when my food still isn't out, I ask for it to go because it's getting late. She apologizes, saying they're slammed (they were maybe when we first walked in, but it's fairly empty now) and asks if she can just bring me a box and do it myself. I dunno why she couldn't just ask the kitchen to do it, but ok. My friend needs a box as well, but never gets it. Instead, she has to go up to the bar and ask the bartender for one. Another 15 minutes later, and my food finally arrives. 
I eat it when I get home and the next day my stomach is acting up. I'm not sure it's from their food, but have a feeling it just might be. Overall, it seems like the waitress was inexperienced, the manager unprofessional, and there is no communication between front and back of house. I would have said something at the time, but it was late, I was tired, and just wanted to get out of there.My first experience was just after it opened and it was horrible. I have it a second chance and I can now say that's it's a solid bar-food-type place.  Buffalo chicken sandwich was pretty good; nice cup of ranch dressing on the side. Buffalo sauce had a kick but not overwhelmingly so. Fries were waffle cut and had a little seasoning to them. Service was peppy with a smile. The food won't blow you away, but I'd you're looking for a decent burger or sandwich, this is the place for you.Had the cajundillas with grits. Both were very tasty. Hubby had the shrimp Po boy, which was also good. Also recommend the berry mojito. Service wasn't stellar, but pretty much what I would expect from a sports bar.Wonderful addition to the CBD!! You won't be dissappointed if you are a sports fan!  
The food is really delicious, but the wait can sometimes be a little long (especially for lunch during the middle of the week)!!We had lunch at Walk-On's twice as we enjoyed it so much. My friend was a huge fan of the mozzarella logs and ordered them two days in a row. The entree salads were phenomenal! They were huge, had many ingredients (not just lettuce and dressing), and everyone raved about their salads.  
The sliders are the way to go - not too small, not too large. The waffle fries are very good and you get a good size portion. The service was fast, attentive, and friendly. Our cocktail drinks were good but not fantastic. Great cocktails are served at the Little Gem Saloon and Tayho's Tavern. Great food is served at Walk-On's. 
I did not give Walk-On's a 5 star as they did not have a gluten-free menu or even gluten-free recommendations as almost every restaurant in NOLA has now. Speaking with a manager, they seemed perplexed I even asked about gluten-free. I ate a side salad, baked potato, waffle fries, and tuna starter over my two visits. I had no issues with the food but educating staff in regards to food allergies would be a plus for this establishment, in my opinion. 
The noise level was loud and there were tv's everywhere. The background music was nice, although contemporary and not local NOLA fare. The wait here at lunch-time is long if you don't get here before noon. We had to wait around 30 minutes each day we visited. 
Our entire group would highly recommend Walk-On's for good food, friendly staff, and fast service. Choose a beer here rather than a cocktail and hit Tayho's Tavern or Little Gem's Saloon for an amazing cocktail experience.One word CROWDED on game day! Fun atmosphere but don't plan on getting drinks or eating in a hurry! 
Food was ok for a sports bar think Hooters BWW 
Nothing to write home about
It's an ok stop but not my favoriteNBA playoffs!!!  My boyfriend and I were excited to spend a whole day drinking, eating and watching basketball. We're heard great things about this place and decided to give it a shot. As we entered we were immediately greeted by a " oh hell fucking naw" and a group of women servers giving us very dirty looks. Had I done something wrong? Was it close to closing? Nope. I was wearing a Lakers jersey and my boyfriend was wearing a Kings jersey. I thought ok I'm used to people not liking the Lakers no biggie. We were seated with an eye roll and headed towards a booth. I asked if we could possibly be closer to the tv (it was pretty empty by the way) and was told no. That's it just no. Sooo out of fear of having my food spit it we got up informed the ladies in the front we were leaving and left. Upon walking out I heard a god damne California people. Which is super disappointing as up until that moment everyone had been nothing but lovely. At no point were we rude, heck we hadn't even started drinking. I will definitely never go back and I hear this is a chain soo in my up coming travels I'll make sure to not only steer away but to let my friends know.Service was great considering it was a game day!! Didn't try the food but it looked and smelled great!Standard sports bar, shrimp wrap was fine, nothing to write home about.  Litre of purple haze for $8.50 was a solid deal though, quite enjoyed that.  Tip - if the restaurant is packed, walk to the side and order a sandwhich to go and sit in the irish pub that's connected to walkons.I love this place. My sister was in town this weekend and I brought her and her boyfriend here  they both loved it. We had the hangover burger which is amazing! The mozzarella logs are great and the waffle cheese fries are my fav! Must try if your in town! Staff is friendly! Overall great place to watch any sport games and have some drinks!Standard pub food. We asked for a cheese burger and fries. The cheese was cheddar that was lightly sprinkled on the patty and almost invisible. Other than that, the burger was cooked to order, the bread was soft and overall it was good. The waffle fries were delicious. 
I'm guessing our waitress was new and if she wasn't - yikes! We asked if they could change one of the TVs to watch the NBA western conference semi-final game and she looked at me puzzled. I said, "NBA" and then "Spurs vs. OKC". She said she'd ask and they changed it right away but she didn't seem to know what NBA was. We also asked for a Dos XX dressed and she questioned dressed. So we explained with salt on the rim and lime. She brought the glasses with salt and she carried small pieces of lime in a paper napkin. Not good. She was sweet, but obviously needed some training on sports and drinks.
Had a good time and the atmosphere was great for game watching.Met up with 3 friend a few weeks ago on a Sunday.  Food was good. The real reason I'm leaving this is for the great service the waitress provided! Her name was Justice and she was on top of her game. You need more waitresses as friendly as her.I knew what i was getting into with this place. Its a Louisiana themed hybrid of Chili's and Hooters. Having been to a Walk-Ons in Baton Rouge, I made peace with that concept.
I was still pretty disappointed with my experience here. We went on a not particularly busy week night, and our waitress was pretty unavailable the whole time. She spoke several times of starting us off with some hushpuppies- we received them about 2/3 through our meal, which in itself took over 45 minutes to get to our table. We also sat at a table that had beer taps, but we were told it was out of order. Waiting for the check took another good 20 minutes. 
This place has been open for awhile, but there was still a general air of newness and lack of cohesion, as if they haven't gotten their act together yet. Surprising especially for the fact that since this is a chain, there is already an established protocol to put in place to manage the restaurant.This location would obviously be a good atmosphere for a sports event. My dad really likes this place is why we came through. He raves about the quesadillas which I will say had pretty good flavor. I got the corn grits and shrimp and corn soup which was tasty as well. The service was good, and the place was really clean.So I'm from Philly and wanted to go to a sports bar, and yahoo said that this place was #1 in America.  For???? I'm here with a bunch of friends and we had to ASK to have certain games on as they only wanted the Saints.  What place calls it a 'sports bar' and only shows the one game?  To top that off they kept switching the tv we were watching.  The food was standard at best, boneless wings are more chicken pieces with sauce on them and the po'boy very bland.  My advice: find somewhere else to goMy friends and I sat around here for about two hours early on a Saturday afternoon. The most unique and awesome thing about this place is the beer on tap right at your high-top table. Just help yourself. The tap at my table was broken though and kept on counting ounces as if the tap were on the whole time. We ended up just paying by the glass. As a side note, the tap read 650 ounces by the time we left. That would have been 54 beers! 
The food was great. I ordered the equavalent of the bacon wrapped shrimp, although they were called something else. As an entrée, they were served on a bed of corn grits. I don't know what that bed of corn grits was exactly, but it was good, and tasted like a mix between grits and corn pudding. The shrimp were huge! Shaved jalapeno came on top of them. I tried the fried alligator bites and they were great too.My turkey burger with waffle fries were really good. I was really happy with the way the turkey was cooked. The waffle fries were perfectly crispy and have a cajun seasoning on top. I have no real complaints for this meal. 
The service was good. The food took a little bit of time to come out.Came here to watch TNF in November. The staff was nice, there are ample TV's, and I liked my food. The Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding is probably one of the best desserts I've eaten!This place came in handy for a late night dinner run, Fortunately it was only a couple of blocks from our hotel and they were open until 11. Restaurants in the downtown area are all fairly walkable, but at that time of night you're a little limited on where to go. 
I visited this place twice on my visit to New Orleans. It's your typical bar food establishment offering burgers, wings, sandwiches, etc. they also had a few pasta choices and wraps on the menu. I can't say I was looking for something out of the ordinary when I stopped in. I should preface my review by saying on both visit I ordered to-go. My visits were more so out of convenience and familiarity if anything. However I did find one unique offering I absolutely wanted to try.
This place offers a dessert called the Krispy Kreme bread pudding. It's as delicious as it sounds. I thought it would be cloyingly sweet, but to my pleasant surprise it was actually not overly sweet. It was worth the experimental venture and it's the one thing on the menu I'd recommend for sure. 
The other items I sampled included the Hangover burger, mozzarella logs and boneless wings. I feel like these items were pretty standard to any bar type American style food joint. The Hangover burger looked good, but the egg was a little underdone for my liking. I'll admit I had to nuke it a bit in the microwave once I got back to my hotel. The mozzarella logs were pretty much bigger versions of mozzarella sticks. They were crispy and the cheese was nice and melted. I'd say that the marinara sauce provided could use a little more pizazz though. The boneless wings weren't anything out of the ordinary. I took a gamble on getting them from another Yelper's review. I'm more of a traditional bone-in wings type of gal. I can't say they were as delicious as posted, but they were good. 
The food alone would've given this place a 3 star recommendation. The staff is what added the extra star. On my first visit we had come in pretty close to closing time. However the two hostesses/waitresses up front were very accommodating and took our order quickly and with the brightest smiles. They didn't skip a beat with helping us decide on their menu recommendations and with any questions we had being first timers there. It was nice to walk in and receive that kind of service so close to closing time. 
All in all this is a pretty decent place to go downtown. When you need something quick, filling and available especially during late night hours I'd recommend this place.It's a typical sports bar with the similar food and drinks. They do have New Orleans inspired food but I didn't try any since I went for a burger. I had the hangover burger which was good and the waffle fries were delicious especially with the cheese sauce. The service was ok....waitress basically disappeared after we placed our orders and took a long time to take the payments.If you are in a hurry stay away from this one. The hostesses were not friendly at all, acted as though we were bothering them.  Took us 45 minutes to be seated due to the fact that they were understaffed. What restaurant, especially a sports bar in the middle of March Madness doesn't have their place fully staffed??  
The Food
Started off the meal with fried pickles. They were pretty tasty.  They were not incredibly hot (temp) like most fried pickles that you get from everywhere else that you leave with a sore mouth because you could not wait to eat them.  This should have been a pre-curser to what was to come. All of our food came out lukewarm at best. I had some waffle fries with my Boom Boom Shrimp PoBoy sandwich, the first two were warm and good but they got colder as I ate more.  The soup that was brought was also lukewarm.  
My advice for what it is worth.
Keep walking down the road. I spoke to two of the managers (after I paid for the food) and told them that they need to check the food coming out of the kitchen because it was coming out cold. They said they would but here is hoping. Could be a really neat place to dine. They need to retrain the wait staff, give happy juice to the hostesses and have the managers go to each of the tables and check on the patrons that are keeping them open. Just my thoughtsFirst time in New Orleans wanted to experience different foods and locations. While riding on one of the Trollies one of their advertisements caught my attention. Walk-On's a restaurant partially owned by Drew Brees the Saints QB. For appetizers ordered the Tuna Tini. Comes with Cole slaw. Delicious a must have. Ordered a Shrimp and Corn soup, my wife and I really enjoyed it. Has just the right amount of spice kick. For the final dish we ordered the Bayou Pasta. Very good high grades. Has lightly battered Shrimp and Includes Crawfish. Man it was good. Location is in a decent area and appearance inviting. Friendly environment and service. Would visit again next time in town and recommend for others.My first visit was a few weeks ago and I must say, the service and food was amazing. The employees were very amicable and even gave me waffle fries, free of charge, when I asked for sweet potato fries on different occasions. 
It's a friendly-based atmosphere and quite comfortable to relax and watch sportsPortion size is great. Enough for two to share. Prices are good, variety of options and food was tasty. Miranda provided great service.One of the worst grilled chicken  sandwiches I've ever had. The cheese sticks were good.  Service was pretty bad.Nice sports bar with plenty of TV's. I came to watch a playoff game and was promptly seated. The waitress was great. We ordered the wings, which were  good. I had the gumbo. This was probably the worst part of the night, it was bland and tasteless. I also tried the burger of the month. It was a tad dry and need some seasoning. Overall good place to watch the game, but the food needs improvement.Cold food, tough menu, and long wait when it wasn't busy. Servers were very nice and did their best despite a poor team supporting them. 2 appetizers took 45 minutes and I'm pretty sure they were microwaved. Not recommended!Not happy with the service at all! The food was not great. They made a small attempt, at best, to remedy the cold/undercooked food issue. A sincere attempt to remedy the situation would have made a BIG difference. The manager seemed to be mildly interested in solving our issue. Service is important!This is a great place to watch a game. Just don't order any food. Our queseaux took forever and was thick and lukewarm. An order of hush puppies was burned. And the service was lacking, slow and forgetful. Skip the food at this place.First time at Walk On's was earlier tonight and the food was really good. I split a starter of the BBQ chicken fries which were pleasing, nice and spicy. Moved on to the blackened mahi mahi with sweet potatoe fries and again was rather pleased.
I wasn't happy about the wait.  I couldn't understand exactly why there was an entire second floor of table seating and people were waiting for over an hour. Seems like a waste of opportunity, but perhaps that's why i'm not a manager there.
Our waitress was really nice and prompt, kept the drinks refilled and checked in on the table in good fashion. 
Good proportions of food but you should never be leaving a sports bar after eating and still have room anyway. Thats just not right.
I hear it's a great place to go on (Saints) game day, but there's a $10 dollar charge at the door to get in (which i'm against) but that $10 goes towards food or drinks once you get in, so whatever, i just don't like the idea of people taking my money at the door of a bar just to get in.I decided to go to Walk-On's for lunch since it is walking distance from work and I had the lunch special.  The place was packed, so the food took a while to arrive.  I had a filet of red fish, topped with crawfish étouffée over rice with a dinner roll.  I had an Arnold Palmer with mostly lemonade and less iced tea to wash it all down.  The meal was enjoyable except for a part of the red fish that had a bitter taste.  This was probably caused when the fish was cleaned and the bladder may have been cut and some of the contents drained onto the fish.Good service, no lines/wait. Came here a little after noon for Sunday football. Lots of big tv's. Attentive server (Leah). Decent prices and average portions. Would recommend.Ahi tuna wrap and corn grits were tasty.  A different variation of traditional sports pub food and great atmosphere for gamesTerrible service. Multiple orders came out wrong, the food was overly salty. Burgers were overcooked & had clearly been sitting under the warmer for a while. Had a couple bites and that was all I could eat. Would never recommend this place.If I tell you this place is awesome it is. I ate my appetizer before picks but it was the Devil's Horseback. Stuffed bacon wrapped shrimp. My meal was the cajundillas. Different and good. Have to go to this spot if in town.Good food, but the servers and management were terrible. During the sweet 16 games, they were blaring the LSU baseball game over the radio and on a few TV's. Management and the servers off duty were sitting behind us and we extremely obnoxious. They got up every five minutes and walked behind the bar and poured multiple shots and went to the kitchen.Heard great things about this place so I was bit disappointed.
I was there just to watch playoff baseball (Go Tigers!!!) and the bar was full, so I was seated in a booth close to one of the TVs.  Only thing I ordered to eat was Fried Pickles with Jalpenos.  It was excellent!  Perfect appetizer dish to share; portion was large.
The service can be bit more prompt.  The hostesses were worthless.  I ended up with three different waitresses throughout the night and all were average.  Then stopped by but barely.  Drink prices were reasonable.  
Not sure I'd return unless it was with group of people who specifically wants to go.We stopped by Walk Ons before a night out in New Orleans and while the restaurant is in a great location, the experience was fairly hit and miss.  Arriving on a weeknight to a mostly empty dining room, our group was seated right away as the waitress pushed together a few empty tables near the entrance.  
For our appetizers we ordered a couple plates of Alligator, both fried and grilled in a Cajun rub, along with an order of fried pickles.  The alligator was delicious, especially the Cajun rubbed, which was very tender with the right balance of spices.  The same cannot be said about the pickles. These were sliced way too thin, and coated with an incredibly salty batter that overpowered any minuscule piece of pickle that could be found. It was akin to eating a plate of fried salt. 
The main courses were standard chain restaurant quality, with some Southern influences and huge portions. I really enjoyed the Catfish Atchafalaya although the richness of the crawfish sauce became too much near the end of the dish. 
Walk Ons wouldn't be on any "Must Try" lists if I'm in New Orleans again, but behind the excellent alligator appetizer I could see myself stopping by for a quick bite and drink.They tried to rush us out 30 minutes before closing and started cursing loudly when my boyfriend and I were the only customers left. Waffle fries were super salty. Double bacon cheeseburger was a nice size. They were out of the bacon wrapped shrimp entrees. She told me they always ran out of stuff which I still don't understand how if they know they sell a lot of something... why don't they prepare more.Downtown New Orleans is an experience in itself. Located a block from the hotel I stayed at, next to another bar. 
Interesting place, good selection of beer on tap. They have table seating in the bar area with taps, self service. I like it. 
Waitress and bartenders were all friendly, service was good. Spend a couple hours at the location. 
Food was your average bar food, nothing to write home about. The boudin balls were spot on however. 
Anyway, if you find yourself thirsty, stop on by.I am from Florida and I was in town for the George Waters concert. I was was hungry so I called my brother and he recommended this place. I called ahead to see what the wait time was and I spoke with a girl named chance very nice. I got there and was seated promptly. I was most impressed by my waitress (the reason why I am writing this review). Her name is Deja I think. I was very polite and made sure I was taken care of. True example of customer service. She recommended the pulled pork sandwich wit was amazing. I couldn't thank Deja enough. As the owner of a medical Corporation I like to give credit where credit is due. If Deja is not already a manager she should be one. Thanks again I will be back.Ok food if you like everything fried but the staff are all overweight and horrible attitudes. Actually I kinda find that true with most NOLA restaurants.Let me start by saying that this place should be renamed "walk outs" because after twenty minutes of no service and the terrible hostesses and waitresses that stare at you with blank looks on their faces that say "I don't get it"... We walked out. 
It started out by us going to the bar area and no one serving us or telling us we had to be seated. So we ask the hostess if we can sit in same spot because the place was not that busy and the hostess proceeds to give us this excuse about why we have to wait even longer because the waitress for that area is on break. Last I checked, the customer kept this place open and should be seated regardless. She should've at least made something up... Because that excuse just pissed me off. So then we are told we can sit at the bar.... We sit and wait for ten minutes. Airhead bar tender gave us menus and then never even took our drink order. We decided then we wasted enough of our lives there.... And walked out. The place didn't look that great anyway....  I would sum it up as a cheap sporty version of hooters. Same airhead waitstaff and skimpy cheerleader outfits. At least at hooters, they all chip in to provide service and you wouldn't wait for a beer. Definitely not recommended.... Looks like a good spot because of its location but you are better off walking to bourbon street in the rain. At least you know what you will get there.I went here on my last full night on my New Orleans trip. I was ready to watch the Sunday night game and my cousin was eager to have me try gator for the first time. While I told him I was the gator was good it was a taste that I couldn't get adjusted too, and after awhile it became too much. Despite not loving the wrap, I really liked the place. 
I think the best part of WalkOns is the placement of TVs. While it's not the biggest sports bar they do a great job of covering all angles with TVs without seeming overcrowded. They covered every site line and it just made me wonder what it would've been like to watch games here on Sunday. Decent selection of beers and the bartenders were friendly and made sure we were taken care of.What a disorganized place. Long waiting, lots of empty tables, staff poorly functioning as a team. Food did not live up to expectations. Only bad experience in New Orleans. What else can I say.Great food, reasonable prices, fun atmosphere, and the best bread pudding I have ever had. Be sure to end your dinner with the Krispy Kreme bread pudding.....ask for ice cream ;-)Best food we've had in NOLA so far!  Blackened chicken sandwich was extremely flavorful and tender.  We had the Boom Boom shrimp which was good but the highlight was the Zydeco salad.  Absolutely delicious!We showed up on a Sunday to watch some NFL football (and your Saints during an away game, Drew) on one of the many TVs with games on. All the games we wanted to see were on which is great. When we sat down to our table, our drink and app order was taken. From then on, we were made to feel pressured to order a next course over and over again. The whole time we felt as if we were being rushed. We simply wanted to sit, have drinks and watch football. In the meantime, two of our drink orders were messed up. After about an hour, our waitress informed us her shift was over and we needed to close out. So we did. After that, we were never waited on again. No mind whether we wanted any more food or drinks. There was a shift change so tough titties. Not a great experience at all. It wasn't even that busy. I will not be back any time soon.tried the bayou shrimp pasta. Plenty of sauce. Came out hot and quickly.  Sauce not as flavorful as i would like. Wanted a bit more cajun seasoning/spice. Shrimp on top was good tho.First "tummy tickler" in my hometown. Awesome spread for lunch, this is a fav spot of mine!  Great atmosphere and the staff... can you say "YAzzzzzz" ~ 1 thing missing - #DREWBREES .Food was great and more affordable than most other places. We ate here twice on our trip. The boneless wings, shrimp po' boy, cookie sundae, and krispy kreme bread pudding were all very good. Our waitresses were friendly. I don't understand why they have like 5 girls standing at the door though....My friends and I sat around here for about two hours early on a Saturday afternoon. The most unique and awesome thing about this place is the beer on tap right at your high-top table. Just help yourself. The tap at my table was broken though and kept on counting ounces as if the tap were on the whole time. We ended up just paying by the glass. As a side note, the tap read 650 ounces by the time we left. That would have been 54 beers! 
The food was great. I ordered the equavalent of the bacon wrapped shrimp, although they were called something else. As an entrée, they were served on a bed of corn grits. I don't know what that bed of corn grits was exactly, but it was good, and tasted like a mix between grits and corn pudding. The shrimp were huge! Shaved jalapeno came on top of them. I tried the fried alligator bites and they were great too.Surprisingly some of the best NOLA food in NOLA.  The alligator bites were the best we had in town, the cheese logs enormous, the catfish so delish!  The server was adorable and helpful wit menu suggestions and was spot on with her suggestions.Service was horrible!! Only giving them 2-stars because of the mgr. First, it took almost 45 mins for my food to come out. Once my food came out, it was not freshly hot. Felt like it had been sitting in the back for at least 10 mins or so. Wife order a cajun ribeye steak & it was also not pipping hot like a steak should. Once we received our food, I ask the server to bring some tarter sauce...well needless to say, I watched her grab 2 sets of drinks & another parties food all without my tarter sauce. I then grabbed the mgr who was very nice & professional & explained to him about my experience. He then apologized & promised to make it right (which he took 25% off our bill). Luckily, I love this restaurant which may be only reason I give them another try but if I receive the same service again, I wont ever return the next time.I came here once after I moved here and didn't know any better. The food, while good, is not great. It is a chain in a touristy area; that's all. I do love bar food, but I've definitely had better and I can find it somewhere else in New Orleans. The service wasn't bad, albeit slow.
The only good thing about this place is the table beer taps. For the price, though, I'd rather someone else poor my beer and get way better food.I came here last night with my boyf. and two other couples. I got here a little earlier than the meeting time. I put my namee down for a table of 6 and sat at the bar. It was packed. The only reason I got a seat at the bar was because a kind gentleman, who had finished his drink, gave up his seat for me. 
I ordered a Long Island iced T... delish! I was expecting a $10 drink but to my lovely surprise it was only $6.50. So, what the heck? I ordered another... then I added a shrimp cocktail to my mix. Mmmm... waiting is expensive. Finally, the rest of my party arrived and not too long after, we were called to be seated. 
What I loved about this place was the ambience. Everyone was having a great time and enjoying themselves. The appetizers were awesome. We had some hot boneless wings, some loaded fries and fried pickles/jalapeños. 
The only bad thing that I could nag about is the service, but even then I don't think it would be fair for me to talk about that. My server was really busy and I had to ask her for water about 4 or 5 times before she brought it over... at the end of my meal. Oh, and also, don't get the shrimp with bacon. Not good. The bacon was bad really fatty. I had to take the bacon off to eat it. Even still, the sauce that it came with wasn't settling well with my stomach. I had to wipe off the sauce and try dipping it in cocktail sauce. 
Overall, I enjoyed my experience here. Oh! and I almost forgot to mention, there is complimentary valet! How convenient! That was probably one of my favorite things about this place. Check it out!Hire some girls with brains and not just because they're 16 and look cute in a referee outfit! Dropped by one Saturday afternoon and asked one of the bimbos at the front desk if they would be showing the UFC fight that night. She said they would so we went back later and of course they weren't. Asked another girl if they could turn one of the many tv's in there to the fight (it was on a free channel NOT ppv) and she was so confused as if I asked her what the Pythagorean theorem was. I asked to speak to the manager but bf was fed up and wanted to leave so we did. Found a REAL sports bar called American Sports Saloon with adult waitstaff that let us watch UFC and we could have an intelligent conversation with.One of the worst sports bars I have ever been to, if not the worst! 
The service was terrible. It took 10+ min to get a beer. We asked multiple times to get a football game on one of the multiple tvs and the waitress (Micah) had no idea what we were talking about. Finally the hostess changed the station on one of the TVs after another customer wanted the same game. There are no pitchers of beer on Sundays (WTF). They don't serve normal mixed drinks unless they are served as doubles and cost $20. They lost my beer one time and the other three beers came so late to our table and the waitress who delivered them had no idea where they were supposed to go or what type of beer she was carrying. This place is pathetic.
Don't recommend this place to anyone.you knwo what - it works - it's a sports bar with a good menu and snappy service - plate of crawdad's was delish and apps were great. beer is cold and main menu is typical fare with some nola twists. great for a group idf you're looking for a place to hang, but also has solo room at the barWell where do I start with this horrible experience! We decided to patronize this location because we had visit it three days prior to today's date. We ordered the nachos and was very very disappointed with the quality of the nachos versus the first time we ordered the exact appetizer. The nachos were dry no cheese at all. The ingredients were somehow missing from this plate of nachos. We advised the waitress who seem to be very apologetic and said that all of the staff had disappeared and decided to come back to work on today's date and I guess it was with vengeance. After a total disappointment with the nachos we question the waitress asked her to return  these nachos and give us a new order her response after coming from the kitchen was I was told no and bought me out additional cheese. After dealing with this foolishness for a short time we requested to speak with the manager named Emily. Emily advise that she was so sorry and that's not their policy to not bring out new nachos and compt our bill for seven dollars. Money is not an object here the fact of the matter is this restaurants refused to give us new nachos and said no they could not do that it was only after the manager came out that we were offered new nachos and comp Our bill. 
 you are a day late and a dollar short we will not be returning to this location!!!!!The shrimp & corn grits are delicious. This a neighborhood spot, so it's a casual spot.Edited 6/23/18 - Someone hated on me about my review and while my original opinion stays I have edited my review for clarity and changed from 1 stars to 2.
Not my type of place because the waitresses wear little cheerleader uniforms. but in ads i saw in the city it looked like a normal family sports bar like a fridays or something. I am from oot and didn't realize this was the shtick here. Not my scene. No big deal tho! This is just one review. Best wishes to them and of course wear whatever you would like in your own restaurant... I just feel the ads I saw for the restaurant should have cheerleaders dressed skimpy if that is the shtick - then we would all know. No biggie. But that is the reason that I didn't enjoy the place. 
That being said many people like this place and it seems like a solid place with great staff and dependable solid food. Clean as a whistle and running like a well oiled machine. Service was prompt and professional. Shared a po boy. Give it a try.REally want to give them 2 stars at least....food is average, service is overwhelmed a bit incompetent but about what you would expect from a place like this on busy evening before a Pelicans game.  But the $6.50 price for a draft beer put that rating arrow right down to one star!  I ACTUALLY thought it would be smart to get a "to-go" beer here before going to the arena where you spend about $8.000 (without a tip as that's not custom at the nacho stand in The Smoothy King center).  So I wait an extra long time for the bartender to notice me...buy the beers and pay the 6.50 WITH a tip, now about 8.00....I should have just gone to the arena.   I had food there on another occasion for lunch (no beers) and it's about average.  Service that time was still slow and the server was confused about everything but she was cute and tried to be nice...but had to go through the whole blond ditsy girl act.  annoying.   Overall not worth the price...beer prices going close to $10.00 for premium beers is outrageous.  This place is busy because of location and not really for their food or drin specials....and there are a ridiculous amount of tv's all at high decibels...and the whole atmosphere is of a chain restaurant/bar.  But the prices do not reflect that.We are in town for a work conference and dropped in for lunch, I am pleasantly surprised the food was great a very diverse menu we were able to please 9 different tastes.   
The service was quick and the food was really tasty.  I'd definitely come back and recommend to others.Stopped in for a quick dinner one night and had a good time.  Good food and drinks, kind of a fine line between sports pub with attractive staff in form fitting outfits and breastaurant, but people of both sexes seemed to be comfortable here.  Had a really tasty catfish smothered with a crawfish etoufee, another occasion had a good burger.  Walking distance from the hotel.  Thumbs up.We stopped here for dinner to avoid the French Quarter area because we were already beat and didnt want all the hoopla. Thank God we found this place because it was quiet and the food was delicious. I order the Cajundillas-Quesadilla stuffed with chicken, Andouille sausage, boudin, caramelized onions & jack cheese. Served with a side of red beans & rice and it was scrumptious. I know I was hungry but the food hit the spot very nice. Our waitress was cool and friendly. The place wasnt that crowded for a Sunday night. The bathrooms were clean and I enjoyed this spot a lot and would definitely return.Good service, slow kitchen, pretty good burgers and waffle fries. 
The food comes out a little too slowly for it to be a regular lunch place.  However, if I had time, I'd watch a game here.Chairs and benches are hard wood.  Not very comfortable if you want to watch a game.  The shrimp appetizer was too salty.  The spinach and avocado dip was good.  Our waitress closed out our tab at the end of her shift and we never saw another server.  Decided to leave and watch the rest of the game in our hotel.Food is very good, and the staff is really nice. I only had to wait 30 minutes to be seated. But that's only because it's really busy with a concert going on at the Superdome really soon. No worries for me on that part. Patience is a virtue, afterall. If it's not so busy, I can watch some games on one of two of the many tv's they have in the building.Very disappointing, such a popular place and have heard many positives on the Baton Rouge, LA location, but the Poydras location was terrible, service was terrible, we never received a napkin, we were constantly looking for our waitress, we ordered a desert, but never got the first napkin. We ordered coffee to drink, since we had been caught in the rain. Apparently the coffee was poured from a pot that was no longer turned on, because it was tepid at best!! Thank goodness a member of the mgmt team came by to see if everything was ok, we were able to tell her we needed our check, because our waitress was scarce, throughout the short time we were there. Since we did not eat dinner there, can't speak to the food. However we did not order the extra hair my daughter found in her soda. But I will not be going back, too risky. Save your money!! So many other great places in the area..We went in late on a Sat. evening. Waited on pretty quickly but had issues with our order. No mustard after specifically requesting it. Trouble with mixed drink hubby ordered. Instead of just saying they couldn't make it they "winged it" and well it wasn't very good. However onion string app was delicious and more than enough to share with 3 to 4 people. I think the food is probably consistent which is good even if service is a bit slow. Regular bar drinks are probably no problem especially when games at Dome are going on. Overall, we would probably go back if we are staying in the vicinity.Dismal. We had a terrible experience, and no one seemed to care.  We came to Walk Ons after a Pelicans game the Wednesday before Christmas.  There were 6 of us, we were able to get a table in the bar, and ordered drinks.  Two of the drinks ordered were supposed to be vodka sodas... and I'm not sure what they put in there but they were NOT vodka sodas, maybe tonics instead? We had them replaced twice, then ordered something different, and put in for an order of fries.  The waitress was picking up drinks RIGHT IN FRONT OF OUR TABLE from the bar, but never once turned to ask how we were doing.  We NEVER got out fries, but the bus boy came over 3 times to ask if we'd gotten them.  We assumed that he would check on the order and/or bring them out, but he did not.  On his last stop at our table he said, "well, we're closing soon, and I can't go until you guys are gone so...."  Um. Okay.  We asked the bar for our check, the fries weren't even on the bill, and left.  While a couple of people went to the bathroom, one of the party spoke to a manager, who NOT ONCE apologized for our experience.  Won't be coming back here, ever. I waited to cool off for this review and it still makes me upset, how could a restaurant have such awful customer service?  That's your JOB.Good for Games!
I've been here a handful of times. I can't say the food was that memorable, but it has a great atmosphere for watching sports or hanging out with friends. We had a group of about 7 and they sat us at the high tops near the bar. The seating arrangement was a bit tight. The "u" shape seating didn't accommodate for our party, so we requested to sit in the lower section with more space. 
Highlights
Devil Horseback - inventive way of recreating the classic jalapeno popper with shrimp!
Apps & Entrees
Devil Horseback
Spinach and Artichoke Dip
Fried Pickles
Catfish Platter
Mardi Gras Mahi
Everything was mediocre, as expected. A few dishes were a bit heavy on the salt, but I mean you can't expect much from bar food, stuff you can get anywhere in New Orleans. The Devil Horseback was pretty tasty though, crispy and fresh. The cream cheese and jalapeno was a nice combo with the typical thai chili dipping sauce. Surprisingly, I liked the Mardi Gras Mahi dish. A bit salty, but overall good favors from the crawfish mushroom sauce. The grits could've been creamier.  
Service
We had a large group so I understand it could be a bit difficult when serving. We had tons of empty drinks on the table that our server didn't pick up, which was a bit annoying. We kept ordering drinks, but the empty ones were still left on the table so it was barely any space. 
Overall, I'd come back for the atmosphere not so much of the food or service.Got very ill after eating here. To top it off the food was at best mediocre. Barely avoided the ER so skip this if you don't want to ruin your trip!I am totally disgusted and unimpressed by this place. The only thing I enjoyed was my Abita Amber. This place is terrible. I was expecting it to be loud and full of tvs like it was, but I was hoping the food would be at least good enough for me to want to eat it. I got the Zydeco salad, which was covered in salad dressing after I asked for it to be on the side. Now I saw the waitress write it down so I know it wasn't her fault, definitely a kitchen problem. I think the menu is over zealous with packing too many flavors into the food. I only ate a quarter of the salad which could have fed several people, but I couldn't put down the greasy fried shrimp that were on it.  I had to dig down to the bottom where there was the least amount of dressing. The onion mound appetizer we ordered was literally a mound of onion rings, it was enough for like ten people! The best thing on the table was probably the chicken tenders my son ordered since that is so hard to mess up. If I could give no stars I would, but I guess they can have one since they comped me 6 bucks after I complained about my salad. In a place where the portions are that big, there is really no way I can see that the kitchen cares about the quality of what they are putting out. I will not go back to Walk Ons.I love Walk-Ons' tables with beer tabs.  It's a great idea for a sports bar.  Other than that, I don't have much else to say about this place.  I feel their burgers are average along with a couple other menu items we tried.  Unfortunately, I had an issue with my bill that did not get resolved which leads to the low star rating.  We were double-charged for an order of french fries which management would not fix.  After that ordeal I knew I'd not be going back.Just got here for the LSU game and the hostesses look angry. Hope the tone changes once we meet our waitress.
Well, margarita watered down. Why am I not surprised?This restaurant does not have much to offer. The service was subpar as we were told our game we wanted to watch would be on and it ended up they couldn't even get it.  People call to find out where to bring a group early for a reason. They should be considerate of this.We went to walk on's for a friends birthday....the staff was nice, our waitress Lindsey was great, loved the laid back atmosphere and the grilled shrp wrap was delicious..big portions of good enough to split between 2 people...First Time
Good food and good service
Angels on horseback app was awesome and I had the stuffed burger which was great too.
Packed out for game day but we got seated in 15 minutes. 
I will be back.I dined here recently with a large group. I tried to call ahead to give them a heads up that we'd have a large party. They told me that they don't accept reservations and seem to resent that I called. This was puzzling to me, because nearly every other place I've been with a large group said they appreciate the advance heads up.
When I arrived, they said we couldn't sit down until half our party had arrived. We waited in the bar area. I tried to order a sparkling wine from the drink menu on the bar, but the bartender said that they don't have their new menu items yet. They are waiting until they run out of their old stock before they order more. Okay....then they should have kept the old drink menus out.
Once we were seated, the situation actually got much better. We had a really nice waitress who did not act like we were bothering her and she was very attentive. She also had no problem with doing separate checks. They automatically add 18%, but I have no problem with that.
The food was okay. A couple of friends ordered the onion tower and fried pickles to share with the table. The portions were huge and even 12 people couldn't finish all of it. They were extremely salty, which could be why we didn't eat all of it.
I had a Zydeco salad, which consisted of chili glazed fried shrimp, mango, tortilla strips, jack cheese, jalapenos, cilantro and house dressing. There were supposed to be candied pecans in it but I couldn't detect any. I think they substituted corn because there were three or four corn kernels at the bottom of my plate. The jack cheese was pretty much undetectable, I think they might have used 1/32 of an ounce. 
The jalapenos were thoughtfully placed on the side of the plate so you wouldn't get any surprises! The shrimp were almost too plentiful, I think there was actually more fried shrimp than lettuce. The mango was diced in the tiniest pieces I have ever seen. You would never know there was fruit in the salad, it just quietly added a little something extra. The house dressing was really nice, fresh tasting, and light. A very nice salad!
I tasted a bite of a friend's Krispy Kreme bread pudding, it was so delicious. A bite was just enough, so you could definitely order this and share it with a few other people. 
The music was low and the noise level was a lot less loud than you would expect for a sports bar. Overall, a decent visit.The Mardi Gras Mahi is by far my favorite thing! Great place to watch a game and have an awesome meal.Excellent sport bar!!! Food was delicious. I recommend boneless wings with sweet spicy sauce, cheese waffle fries, nachos, artichoke dip. The STUFFED burger is a MUST best burger ever side of onion rings or sweet potato fries were very good too! Perfect place to watch a game, everywhere you look theres a TV and sound is loud all over the place. Krispy kreme bread pudding was insanely good!!!!If you know what a Hooters or Rudy's is, this place is definitely related. The waitresses are dressed somewhat like cheerleaders, they serve great bar food and beer, and of course enough TVs to accommodate watching the game and spending time with the family. 
This is not your classy restaurant and service is a bit relaxed but let's be real what do you expect from your booth style bars anyway?Horrible hostesses; told us it was a 40 min wait and when we walked back up to check, they said it was now an hour and a half wait. Crowded, noisy. Left and went to Las Margaritas across the street. Management needs to put their hostesses in check to ensure smooth operations.Walk On's seems to be announcing new locations like crazy. The food is OK and the place is a little noisy. There is really nothing special about it and it is like any other chain restaurant except the waitress uniforms are cheerleader uniforms;I wouldn't call it a breastaurant by any means though. All and all the food is decent and it is a great place to watch a sporting event or stop in before heading to the dome or arena.Bartenders were fine.. kept coming around asking how things were. Asked for a simple grilled shrimp and they brought a bowl of shrimp in oil.. saying it was grilled not fried... great chef! Go eat if you want, plenty of other/better restaurants in the areaGood sports bar. Came here for lunch got the chicken fingers and they were hot. Plenty of beer selectionsNo one should go to NOLA and eat at a chain restaurant, but we were so exhausted when we got to our hotel, that we just opted for the closest dining spot that was open. We got good service and were seated immediately. I ordered the fried catfish topped with etouffee, and it was delicious. K got the gumbo, and he said it was OK. In a pinch, I'd recommend this place for decent food.This is a good meeting place for a group if you are downtown for a concert, game or the like.  If you are going to an event at the arena or dome, this is a much better option for a pre-event meal.  This is not your typical bar food.  The whole menu is surprisingly good.  Some suggestions:  Boom Boom Shrimp app or Tuna Tini, Zydeco salad, BBQ chicken salad, Blackened Mahi sandwich, or Blackjack chicken sandwich.  ALL of these are fantastic.  My only word of warning is when they get busy the kitchen can be VERY slow so plan ahead if you need to get somewhere by a certain time.The food was unsatisfactory. The pickle chips were too salty to eat. We sent them back and the new ones were inedible. They did not charge us, but nor did we eat them. My wife's tuna salad was too spicy to eat. I ordered the same salad and mine was bland. Our friend ordered veggie burger which was burnt. When we sent it back (note that I rarely send food back). They said it was supposed to be burnt. 
The waitresses are cute and wear sexy cheerleader outfits. They were nice to us and the place was inexpensive.Christina was a Diamond in the Ruff . SHE was on top of all her Steps of Service . Excellent Service . Oh my !!!! The Surf and Turf Burger off the Chang . She went above and beyond . When its good , its good !!!!  It was Great !!!!!Came here during the Super Bowl to watch the big game. Sat at the bar.  
It's a great place to watch a game. So many TVs, there's a view for everyone without straining your neck to see it.  
They have lots of good beer on tap (went with a Guiness/Blue Moon mix) including local faves too.  Reasonable prices like a Buffalo Wild Wings type place.
And the food? Tough call. When it was less crowded, the food came out pretty quick and hot. The Bousin Balls and Duck/Sausage Gumbo were quite tasty.
The Buffalo Chicken sandwich was a bit of a disappointment though. It took a little while and by then, the fries were mediocre and the chicken sandwich a bit messy.  
I'd stick with the apps and order when you get there before any kitchen rush because when they have a little time, it's fine.  Servers were very friendly; a little attitude but in a sassy, playful way.  
And while I was there, a couple threw a glass at another woman. The staff didn't seem to catch on to what was happening, but pretty soon the manager threw out the couple and order restored.  But that can happen anywhere.Food is OK. Cheerleader service is "meh". I sat for 45 mins waiting for my wrap, which never came. The Cheerleaders need a better coach!! I guess they wanted me to buy a lot of drinks!!Took an Uber here to watch the game. Was intending to sit in the bar, eat and watch the game. Unfortunately, they don't tell you that all the barstools are removed for games. Too late to go somewhere else because the game had started. Servers and bartenders absolutely clueless. My game was pretty much ruined. Was made to feel uncomfortable by the staff for ordering food at the bar. Ate standing up. The last straw was when the bill came. Was charged $12 for a bloody mary. Way to alienate locals Walk On's.Horrible horrible horrible that pretty much sums up the subpar hostess, the less than mediocre waitress and the cold food I was served. The hostesses were less than impressed to see me and my family walk through the door. 10 minutes after being seated our waitress finally decided to take our drink order. 10 minutes later we got our drinks. 15 minutes later she took our appetizer order 15 minutes later the order came 20 minutes later she took our order. When the food was done 3 of the 4 were brought out, my 5 year old's food did not come out..... try explaining that to a 5 year old. Our food was cold, 12 minutes later I finally saw a "manager" asked WTH..... suddenly out comes my daughter's food. $55 bucks later. I will NEVER EVER GO HERE AGAIN.Very nice place to watch the games near Super Dome. Love Baton Rouge location. BUT the bartenders are predators. Draft beers were suppose to be $3.50 but I was charged $4, $5, and $6 at different times. Did not discover it until I had a very nice and honest waitress (Sarah) give me a real check. Obviously the are preying on non-locals.We heard this place had mixed reviews, and they were right. Its a typical "Applebee's, Chili" atmosphere, with a some what cleaner version of hooters. The death valley drink was too sweet, do not order it. The moonshine drink was good. 
The boudin balls were great, the sauce it came with was not. The Ahi Tuna Wrap, should be renamed to the Ahi Tuna Crap. Stay away from it, on top of the fact it was dry and nasty there was a fishbone in my "canned" Ahi Tuna. The vinegerette it came with was battery acid. The waffle fries were very crunchy, that was aboit the only good thing on the plate. 
The shrimp wrap was great, a bit oily but consider it shrimp juice. The wrap was warm a toasty, the Tuna Crap/Wrap was cold. The corn grits were amazing. $50 total. Would give 2 & a half stars if possible.Me and my girl went in asked how long the wait would be and they say to us 30 min...I've waited longer to be seated so this was not the issue... The issue was that when we were seated we received no greetings from our waiter/waitress after we've been sitting there for another 30 min in the corner of the establishment. A server went two tables behind us but not once coming over our way. Not worth the time or waitDuring the Saints games the customers are FUN and the food is pretty good, BUT the bartenders need to find their 'friendly'!!
Typical as far as a sports bars go. BUT great fun during Saints games! I really shouldn't be telling you this as we love to go there and it's already PACKED at the bar. During the last Saints home game we made a ton of 'new friends'.  As we sat/stood at the bar sharing food, tasting each other's drinks, fist bombing and screaming for 'our boys' ... who came though like CHAMPS!!!Might oughta change the name to Walk-Outs.
The food here might be awesome, might be terrible or might be just okay. I'll never know because after 15 minutes and several servers walking by us multiple times without taking so much as a drink order, we left.While the food was good, got the etoufee (I've had better) and gumbo,  prices good, I walked in and realized I was in a Nawlins Hooters.  . That's ok.  Like I said, food was pretty food, but I've definitely had better.  It wasn't awesome.  But close to where I was working.The food was good. I got a stuffed burger and wasn't really impressed or disappointed. They give you a small cup of waffle fries which I wasn't to happy about. You get more if you go to chick fil a. She got a turkey burger than she liked but asked for no onions and it came with it. Finally we got spinach and artichoke dip for an appetizer which we thought was good. Overall it was a decent place to eat after beer fest but won't really be looking to return.We had the buffalo chicken sandwich and a Cajun quesadilla both were great beer on tap at the table and excellent service finished up a great lunch experienceFantastic! The food was really good and portions were massive but for reasonable prices ecspecially considering where it's located.  The waitresses were all really nice and many people including the manager came by our table to make sure everything was okay. The only thing I can say is don't even try if you're in a hurry, the kitchens kinda slow.I wanted to give this location a shout out as I went yesterday during Wrestlemania weekend in New Orleans. I originally tried Dave and busters across the street and they quoted an hour wait time. Something told me to ask the people sitting how long it took them to get food and this table advised they had been sitting for thirty minutes and still no drinks even. 
Yea no. Walked across to Walk-On's and quoted hour and 15 min wait. Got on the list and just sat by the bar as it was open seating. Eventually a seat did become open in about twenty minutes. The girls promptly took my drink order and got my food order. Food came out fast and they kept the refills coming. 
All this while being slammed with wrestling fans from all over the world.  I was done eating by the time my actual table was ready. Shoutout to the two bartenders (didn't get their name) yesterday. Y'all need a raise and a paid day off with that excellent work!I appreciate the manger working to get my game on one of the TVs.  I would also recommend the cheesy fries! Amazingly delicious!Remember to read the happy hour menu carefully. The signature cocktails are only $3 off not $3 themselves. They will get you.  Make sure you ask korey about that.Came upon Walk On's from the other Yelp reviews while we were looking for a place to watch some football. Tuned out to be a great find.  The menu was varied and had a lot of local flair plus everything you would expect from a sports bar. We sat at the bar and the bartender was very attentive even though the place was packed (BCS Championship weekend).
Great selection of the standard tap beers plus 6 or 7 local brews.
The food was delicious. We dined on Boudin Balls and Fried Pickles which also come with Fried Jalapenos. The pickles are slices not spears. The Boudin Balls were awesome, a serving was five golf ball sized balls.
About a thousand TVs....maybe exaggerating a bit.
Looking forward to another visit.
PS - if you come with 3 or more people, you can choose a table that has 3 beer taps built into the table.I am currently listing to port as I type this.  You'll have to forgive me, I had a Big Jack for lunch.
I was hesitant to try this place out, as I had heard wildly conflicting reviews about it.  But, it was my co-worker's "last day" luncheon and she wanted a burger.  So, we all trooped down there.
Word to the wise, either go really early (we had a twenty minute wait when we got there at 11:30) or go really late (it was half full at 12:45 p.m.)  
Our food was delicious.  The Big Jack was, well, big and tasty as all Hell.  The fries were hot.  My co-worker couldn't finish her BBQ burger and had to take it home.
One giant plus, our waitress was more than accommodating when it came to splitting up the check.  That's means a lot, since most places get snippy when you ask for separate checks.
All in all, try it out.  You won't be disappointed.We sat at a table in the bar area shortly after they opened on a Saturday. The service was extremely slow, especially given there was almost no one else in the place at the time. It took at about 10 minutes to get our drinks. Our order was taken and the restaurant began to fill up with other patrons. As we waited an unusually long time to get our second round of drinks, the tables that came in way after us started getting their food. No food for us yet. Several times during out wait they blared the sound on the televisions, to an uncomfortable level. Only for a few seconds and it would turn down again to a normal sports-bar level. As other tables around us finished eating, our food finally came. The burger was thin, so much so that the bun just looked ridiculous on the plate being as thick as it was. The fries were room temperature at best. They had definitely been sitting in the window the whole time.  Very disappointing, especially considering we love bar food and football.Kind of like a cross between Applebee's and Hooters...which ended up working out well.  This is a 'what you see, is what you get' type place.  
We went in here to watch football, eat food, and have some drinks.  There are TVs everywhere and they are more than willing to switch a TV to the game you want.  On Sunday, the beers are 2 for 1 ($3), which worked out perfect because we were in walking distance.  Despite the large group we came with, the service was great.  Our waitress was attentive, but not intrusive.
Overall, the food was good, and exactly what you would be looking for at a sports bar.  After a long day the bill was quite reasonable as well.  Great value here.We needed a quick, nearby, sit-down place to eat before our flight.
This is ESPN with a few local dishes.  Ladies in sport inspired, figure hugging outfits, and TVs galore.  Tables equipped without hot sauce.
I tried the Catfish Atchafalaya.  It came with two catfish filets (choice blackened or fried), two type of crawfish (fried, and not), a bed of rice, and etoufee sauce.  It tasted pretty good, but I needed more heat in mine.  
It's an okay place, but I just prefer places with flavor and culture.  I can go to this type of restaurant anywhere in America.Great atmosphere and great food from burgers to mahi with tons of cold beer options! I usually stop in before any game or concert in the area.Food good. Service is horrible. Manager is slow to resolve internal issues. Staff if young and plays around too much. Won't be coming back.I would think this is a great place to watch a game. There are TVs everywhere. It does feel sort of like a BWW or a Chili's. Food is pretty similar as well. I paid about $17 for a chicken sandwich and half an order of fries pickles. A bit expensive, but there was nothing really to complain about the food. I had enough leftovers for another meal. Our server was accommodating enough. It's a close place to go eat from school. Parking sucks but they have complimentary valet.I went to Walk-On's with some co-workers for their complementary lunch today.  Since it's in a newly renovated building the restaurant is very clean and spacious with modern A/C, fans, and of course a ton of TVs!
One neat thing is that the booths in the bar area have their own self-service beer taps.  I'm sure those tables with be very popular this NFL season.
Food wise they have your standard Chili's/Applebee's type offerings along with some Cajun dishes.  We had the Cajun Queseaux and Fried Alligator as starters, both were excellent.  I had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, while my co-workers had the Gator Wrap, Bacon Burger, and the Club.  We all agreed that the food was quite good.  Note: they serve waffle fries with a dash of seasoning that I really liked, and they have waffle cheese fries which I will definitely try in the future.
The staff was very friendly and the food is pretty good.  Definitely worth a visit when they open.We ate here a few weekends ago and loved everything. Great food great drinks and great service. Not to mention it was right next to our hotel. You have to try the blue coconut mojito if you go.Omg! It's so hot in here and it smells like, oh never mind, you get the picture. On the bright side the house Cabernet is on 2 for 1 happy hour and it's great to enjoy on the nice wooden booth top. That is, after I wiped it off. Yeah.There's a few obstacles to getting food here, and here's the order you'll have to face them in.
1. Getting acknowledged by the wait staff enough to get put on the wait list for a table
2. Actually waiting, which doesn't seem like it'll ever end because it really doesn't. 
Really, it's not worth it.Walk on past  this spot.  My fish had seen better days, it tasted.....not fresh.  The waitress messed up several of our orders.  Service was VERY slow.   There was a large blue drink that was blue...they didn't have the price on the menu.  It was $25.  It was good, however, if we had known it was $25, we would have asked for no ice!Just got back to my hotel with a takeout order from walkons.  They left the chicken off my grilled chicken cobb and no ranch dressing.  Also pretty slow....rest of the salad is average.....Typical sports bar with TV's taking up more space then it should. Young, fun, friendly staff with decent "sports bar" food. Be careful on game days, especially home games since the Dome is down the street. I come here when its less crowded to avoid the wait and madness or want something a tad but better then "hooters".Always way too packed with bros and basics. Food is okay and drinks are expensive. Service is always a little pretentious too like they are doing us, the patrons, a favor by pouring me a $8 beer.
Thanks but no thanksI generally don't leave reviews because I just think that the dining experience really depends on the service and maybe the server had a bad day so it's not really fair to base a review on bad service just because the server was having a bad day. With that being said, this is my first-time-ever review because it wasn't just the shitty service, it was the whole place. 
I understand that they close at 11, and I'm sorry my group and I came at 10:15? But turning off the tv's and the radios around closing time really makes us feel like you just want us to GTF out. I did not feel welcomed at all when they did that. And I don't know if it's their policy or anything like that but really... It makes the customers feel unwanted and rushed.  
The next thing is that I didn't get my food. I ordered the crawfish etu-ways I believe and it never arrived even after all my friends got their food. I understand it isn't the server's fault. I mean I'm a server as well so I know that the food isn't the servers job but she didn't even check up on us to make sure we had everything. I sat there waiting for her to come back to ask about my food and to get extra bbq sauce for my boyfriend for 15 minutes. When she FINALLY came back, my friends finished their food so I told my server not to worry about my entree and to take it off the bill. She just said "okay that's fine." Really? No apology? No "I'm gonna go check on it. I'm sorry"? Nothing. Then when we got the bill, my entree was still on there.. so we told the server about it and she finally took it off. In total, she only came by our table a few times, and those times were to drop off drinks, my friends food, and the bill. 
When I eat out, and I stay a little after closing(which is rare) I make sure to tip the server more than usual for staying back. Because hey, I'm a server too. I know staying late for customers sucks sometimes. But not this time. This has got to be my WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER. I was so mad inside I was shaking. Never going back. Never recommending this place. 
I honestly hope you guys have a better experience here. Mine was shit.Walk ons was just okay, but with great potential! The service was decent, but she didn't seem genuinely interested, often turning to walk away before anyone was finished speaking. The tap system at the table wasn't functioning, slowly dripping out flat beer, but she didn't charge us for the 4 oz that were sampled. The food was good, and the environment was nice, so with a few small repairs and a more cheerful waitress, this could easily be a 4 or 5 star.Sometimes one's opinion is colored by ambience.  Personally, I couldn't wait to get out of there because of a baby who screeched non-stop as her parents ate, making no attempt to quiet her.  (Yeah, yeah, I'm a mom.  But I never imposed my daughter on other diners when she was too young to go to restaurants.)
Notwithstanding, my three stars -- actually 2.75 -- is based on the food.  T ordered something called "Crawfish Etou-Ways" which he thought okay.  I got a shrimp po' boy which I rate 'eh.'  The shrimp were small -- okay -- but so overly battered, I tasted more of the coating than the shrimp.  On the plus side there were plenty of 'em.  And this sounds weird:  I brought most back to the hotel, pulled off the fried stuff and added the naked shrimp to some chow mein I brought home the day before.
Walk-Ons is pretty much a sports bar/restaurant.  The crowd is young and lively, the waitresses all pretty, and clad in very short sports outfits.  There are happy hour specials.  If you don't mind noise, don't want to spend a lot of money and like to watch sports, this could be a good place to go.
But it's not for curmudgeons like me.Voted the #1 sports bar in the Nation by ESPN so need I say more? Awesome food, ice cold beer and unique decor separates this place from any sports bar I have ever visited. Took an entire volleyball girls team there and for the first time they were all happy with their meals and service. Courteous energetic staff and a well maintained establishment. They have the best Cajun food I tried while in New Orleans. No other place even came close to authentic Cajun food which truly surprised me.This location wasn't even on my radar as a "must stop" in New Orleans, but I am so glad we gave it a try. My husband LOVED the Hangover Burger with waffle fries, and I enjoyed the grilled chicken with stuffed baked potato and green beans. I had enough to take away a second meal! I would definitely eat here again.I loved my fish & etouffee. They had a basketball game playing so that was all I needed. What I didn't enjoy is that they shut down during the Essence's Fest weekend. Food and drinks are good but that move made me think it was an establishment that didn't want African American dollars. Which it all spends the same.I honestly probably wouldn't ever have put this on my must eat list when visiting New Orleans. The whole sports bar thing isn't of much interest to me anymore. The food is almost always below average to horrible, and to have to listen to grown men talk sports and how the pros are doing it all wrong wears me down. 
When we checked in to our hotel, we asked the lady at the desk where a good place to eat was, and she recommended here. That was Monday, and we waited until Friday, but glad we went. It was lunch time, but there wasn't any wait. The menus are basic sports bar fare, burgers and sandwiches, with some pastas and salads thrown in. Full bar, and lots of appetizers to select from. We had the fried pickles, which were tasty. They came with a side of ranch, but kinda small so we asked for another one. They have Coke, which is a big deal for my wife, who was sad to see so much Pepsi in town. Lol
Kids got kids meals, which included a small drink. Shrimp and fries and burger and fries. I tasted both. The shrimp was okay, the burger was pretty good. My wife ordered a burger, and it was big enough that she had trouble getting a bite of it. It was also really good. I got the Black Jack chicken sandwich, which was really good!! The waffle fries were also really tasty. 
The service was also really good! Never wanted for drinks, and she checked on us often to see if we needed anything. I would recommend this place and would return when we go back to NOLA again.This was my second trip to Walk-On's.  My first trip was great since my friend knew someone that worked there and he paid for it.  Our server was super friendly, but dumber than a box of rocks.  At the very least it made me laugh.  We must have asked for water at least twice, hot sauce three or four times, and we asked for dessert with no nuts and it came piled with nuts. Thankfully, neither of us were allergic.  
My second trip we sat at the bar.  I wanted to go back because their pickles and peppers are so good. That was really all I wanted, but my friend decided she wanted to get the seafood platter and we decided to share that as well.  It was supposed to come with crawfish tails, but I guess they thought we were tourists and left those off. The /waitress/bartender had no idea what was supposed to be in it so she brought another waitress over and she said that she would bring us out the crawfish tails in bowl. There were barely a handful.  The etouffe was cold at best. It tasted good, but would have been way better hot.  
The girl that waited on us not as friendly as the first girl and she wasn't too smart either. We're seeing a pattern now.  Anyway, I guess it's a good place to see games, but since the season is over I won't be spending a whole lot of time here.Boom boom shrimp poboy was pretty solid. The duck gumbo delicious. I enjoyed this place. The food all around is solid. I think it's a great place for what it is. It's a great place to have drinks and decent food.Ahi Tuna salad was perfect and fairly priced. I was pleasantly surprised
At how good this dish was. Great place for a quick snack.Everything is pretty overpriced, nine dollars for four mozzerella sticks. Come on that's ridiculous. The food is good if that's what you're looking for, but it is not amazing, and if you don't mind paying that much for bar food that is probably as tasty as chili's, then go here.I've been disappointed with sports bars in NO but this is a good one. Lots of TVs, has a balcony, close to the Superdome. I can't say anything about the food here because when we checked it out during a Saints game at home, they told us they weren't serving food again until after the game. Had to pay a fee to get in (because of game day?) but got a free drink ticket. Went upstairs to redeem. Service was quick even though both floors packed with people.  What made it a great stop were the patrons in there. Fun, friendly which made for good atmostphere. Mainly 20s -30s.  We left at halftime to eat pizza nearby but came back for drinks and fun.ssurprisingly good food at this sports bar! I had catfish with a Roux of shrimp and crawfish.Called ahead of time to reserve tables for the Superbowl.  Alex was extremely accommodating and prompt to stay in touch in the days leading up to our trip to NOLA (8 people coming from 3 different cities).  Great sports bar for the game.
Even though the place was extremely packed (it being Superbowl), the wait staff was constantly moving and able to keep a smile on their face.  The kitchen, somehow, was able to quickly send out hot, great tasting food.
Thanks guys.Love the keg taps at the tables..food is okay, definitely bring an appetite and friends, the portions are ginormous..the bbq chicken waffle fries are great, the grilled cheese, not so much..but a great place to watch NFL on Sundays if you can get a seatQuality of service is very bad 
If you order anything expensive
Ordered salmon took 45 minutes 
It came with a small piece of toast
See picture I posted 
It was smallest piece of salmon 
And paid 20 for this
No sides nothing
And manager does not give a damn about feedbackGreat place for a bunch of guys to get together and have a bite after a long day traveling for work.  Service was incredibly friendly and the food was good.  Appetizers were very good ( you have to try the fried gator).  Beer was cold and thats tops in my book!Great location in the heart of the CBD!  The turkey burger was a-h-maze served on a sweet bun!  It comes with waffle fries and this honey mustard that is deelish!  Yum, just thinking about it makes me wanna go back tonight. Watch out Phil's Grill.Food portions were huge! The BBQ Chicken Salad was really good - could feed two people easily. We also enjoyed trying the boudin balls as an appetizer. The fried pickles were meh; over breaded. Knocked it down a star for the service; it was truly awful. We had to ask for refills, I saw both beers I ordered sit at the bar for 5 mins each time before making their way to my table, and it took almost 2 hours from being seated to getting our entrees. We came here to watch the Sunday night football game and the place was great from that perspective -- there were TVs everywhere and the sound was on. Reminded me of a mix of Hooters & Chili's/Applebee's.Typical sports bar drinks were great food was decent but the service was absolutely phenomenal . Sunday night the hostess was so friendly and absolutely great , I can't say enough about Victoria and the incredible service she's fantastic we'll be back just because of her !Wow! Went there twice in 4days cuz soo good! Excellent Cajun and fun cocktails, great service!Been working in the area never been to a Walk Ons before. Th r menu is great. The service is fantastic. Great burgers salads shrimp dishes. My favorite is the Voo Doo Shrimp a bent on Shrimpngrits so sweetNice sports bar that has a solid lunch menu. Lots of well located TVs. Waitresses wear somewhat skimpy clothing so may not be great for kids. Ordered the shrimp and corn soup which was tasty and came with side of buttered toast. My coke was perfectly carbonated which is rare in bars these days. Good service - Waitress was able to split checks between 6 of us without a fuss.Great place to watch a game. We had a big group of us and they had 4 different games on. The staff was friendly and attentive. The food is also great. We had crawfish and the Angels on Horseback-a must have. Next time I'm in Nola, I'll be back for sureYou don't get service when high school girls are allowed to run the place. Free for all with the wait staff and no oversight.Food was okay, nothing to write home about. Husband said his food was salty. Spent $91, not really worth it.I had a horrible experience here last week, even though I was just picking up food. I ordered take out on a Monday night around 10:00, I went to pick up at 10:26. There was no hostess to greet me, which I was fine with, but there was a waitress sweeping the bar area. She had seen me walk in, made eye contact with me & didn't say anything to me for the 5 minutes I waited. While waiting a couple walked in and the girl sweeping ran over and asked "ya'll here to eat?" The couple said "yes" the waitress then asked "yall know what time it is???" The couple asked "is the kitchen closed?" The waitress replied "yall want a booth or table?". I had never witnessed a waitress this rude before. After this interaction the hostess came up and gave me my food, she was very polite. My food however is a different story, it looks like it was scrapped together. The sandwich tasted fine, but I was given about 8 fries, with only 2 of them being full sized fries. Very disappointed in the service, communication, and food. I do not plan on visiting again, especially not this location.Went there with family (parents, sisters, aunt, hubby and 4-year old daughter on a Saturday evening. There was no wait for our party of 8 to be seated. There was a bar area, but there was also lots of tables and chairs outside of that area that was family-friendly. We ordered the boudin balls for appetizers. They were good, but we have had better...not much rice in them so hardly any texture. The cajundillas were delicious and I would definitely get them again.This place is a typical sports bar. The servers are all petite and wearing skimpy Hooters-esque outfits, which seems a bit unnecessary for serving mediocre bar food. The highlight of their menu is their bread pudding made from Krispy Kreme donuts.Seeing that I spent entirely too much time at the Baton Rouge location rather than studying in my college days, I had to visit the new New Orleans location at least once.  We happened to be out last night so we made the short walk from Harvest the Music at Lafayette Square and only waited about 10 minutes for a table around 8pm.
We ordered the Cajun Queseaux to start, which was pretty typical Louisiana style "cheese dip" (not the Texas queso I'm used to) with what appeared to be sausage--probably andouille. It was alright..came out lukewarm, but the waitress was quick to have it heated and back out so not a problem--decent enough.
For entrees, we ordered the stuffed burger (stuffed with cheese and bacon) and the buffalo grilled chicken wrap.  Both were fairly good.  The burger was well cooked and interesting because of the whole stuffed aspect (though I discovered I personally like cheese on top and not inside burgers).  The wrap had quite a bit of chicken and was tasty, but pretty generic and didn't have much buffalo flavor.
The waitress was very attentive and friendly.  Our food came out quickly and the manager made a point to ask how our meal was and whether it was our first time there, which I appreciate a lot in a newly opened restaurant.  
They have a huge projector screen in one of the seating areas and TVs all over the place so it's great for games, as I would expect.  They also have a really interesting concept in the bar area where some of the hightops have their own beer taps and you pay by the ounce (totally beats ordering pitchers during the game).
For the quality and flavor of the food I go three stars, but the great atmosphere with tons of TVs, good service and prime location earn an extra star!  Oh also, they're open until midnight even on weeknights!The drinks are great, and the food was delish!  If you're ever in the downtown New Orleans area stop in for and awesome experience!Our server was Karion, excellent waitress she was so kind and very sweet. She seemed to really care about her customers (us) and she was able, though crowded and busy, to keep a conversation going with us-- and by us I mean a table of 5, she maintained eye contact with each of us. Great service and she even wrote a thank you with a huge smile on the check!!
We came to watch the game and get a good bite to eat. My parents got the large waffle cheese fries and the devils on horseback. The other couple with us also got the devils on horseback.
Very inexpensive and extremely good food, the hush puppies had jalapeños in them so I did not try them but I was told they were very sweet. 
I got the Uncle B's chicken tenders, so good and they came with waffle fries and I got 2 honey mustard dipping sauces. There was so much food I should have asked for more. It is served with one but I needed two. Along with my tenders I got a side salad with sprite. For dessert I had the salted caramel cheesecake, and it was the best whipped cream I have ever had.
I really recommend this sports bar if you are interested in a great atmosphere to watch the football game, get a good meal, and a beverage whether it is alcoholic or non-alcoholic. We sat in the bar area at a table, and while it was loud, it was not overbearingly loud-- I could still hear our server and the people I sat with. There are many TVs everywhere you look, 5 that are sitting almost in front of me from every perspective, and those are just the ones I can see. There are many more.I'm going to write a review based on the service and the food--maybe one of the few.  There are a lot of reviews that discuss what a great time they had at LSU, and how this brings back memories.  If you're looking for a trip down memory lane, read their reviews.  Not mine.
No, I'm not a tourist.  I lived in NOLA for quite a long time and still have work and friends there.  I was frustrated and disappointed that Smith & Wollensky's did not reoccupy the building after Katrina.  Hearing that someone did, I was thrilled to see something come back and provide an eating establishment in the CBD.
It's kind of the same as your generic sports bar fare, but with a bit of a South Louisiana twist.  And the usual price point and ridiculous portions.  I tried the Ahi Tuna "perfection" and it was ok, though I found the spices weren't' that spicy and the sweet & sour sauce served with it didn't float my boat.  We also had the Onion Mountain.  It's a Mountain, alright.
For starters, I think anytime you have a job and take your lunch hour and you *wait a FULL hour* before your lunch is set in front of you, you just can't recover.  I understand they have been open less than a month, but with the amount of brands and locations these guys have opened I would expect them to hit the ground running.
The killer though was the Gristle Salad.  Well, to be fair, not a lot of cartilage, but it's like the "Steakhouse" salad, which advertised Ribeye on it, was 50% fat.  I mean, don't you guys trim the meat you throw on a salad?  Oh, I guess that way when they overcook it, it's not tough.  But after cutting away all the fat myself (which is nigh impossible when it's served to you diced up), I was left with a underwhelming amount of lean meat and a Mountain of Lettuce (to go with Mt. Onion).  And another person ordered a Gristle Salad, it came out the same way, so clearly it's not an anomaly.
I may be back, but not of my own volition, and if they work out the kinks they deserve an update.  But for now, I'd steer clear.  And if you don't, don't get the Steakhouse.Walking thru New Orleans got a recomendation from a doorman at Hilton for good N'Orleans food - great place, great staff - waitresses dress like tasteful cheerleaders 
Ordered alligator and boudin balls for apps - boudin was amazing!!!  For dinner ordered combo with catfish, oysters and crawfish etouffee with hushpuppies - very good too.
Definitely will return here againI came here  on a visited to New Orleans. This place was recommended by the hotel, and it was only a few miles away from hotel.
 So we get here to this place call the Walk- On's Bistreaux & Bar on Tuesday  to catch the Giants and Dodgers game with some friends. I was very pleased with the food and service.
So I craving a burger or other bar food. I've have good experiences each time I've been on my first visited. They have variety of items from the menu and I order the Stuffed burger with waffle fries it was really good and, key for me, consistent. Same goes for the service. It just hits the spot sometimes. Don't you agree people ?
                                                                                                                                                         That said, it is not somewhere I would choose to go for game night. To me, it feels a little corporate and sterile and that's not the environment I'm looking for when I go somewhere to watch a game. I much prefer to do my baseball watching in a smaller/local joint. But again, that's just my personal preference, nothing against Walk-On's.
                                                                                                                                                         If you want to catch a game and enjoy good food and cold beer Walk-On's is a solid choice.It can be hard to find somewhere to park depending on when you go and what else is happening. I'm pretty sure they have valet, though. I have not had a chance to check .It was my first time here and ....
Well let me just say that the food is tasty. The service was absolutely horrible. 
A few guests and I gathered together to celebrate the birthday of someone very special to us. I felt that perhaps the waitress wasn't used to a lot of people. The experience was an overall 5 out of ten. 
I ordered the smoked Gouda turkey burger with waffle fries. My fiancé and I also ordered the onion strings. He ordered the fried shrimp po-boy with waffle fries. The breading on the onion strings were very well seasoned. 
The problem I had with everything was the timing. The birthday boy ordered an alcoholic beverage but it was delivered in an inappropriate manner. It was slammed on the table. Not only was it the wrong drink, it was slammed right in front of his face. It was totally inappropriate. 
I also realize that most restaurants deliver the food all together, but the attitude from this particular waitress was completely disrespectful. Hopefully, if I return, my guests and I could be better served.Kinda over priced, but the food is good. Drinks ares definitely over priced. It's pretty spacious in there but be prepared to spend some money. Definitely try the steak poboy. It's made on garlic bread and is pretty delicious.Ordered delivery through the waitr app. Ordered an extra scoop of ice cream with my dessert and only got one scoop. Also ordered extra chocolate sauce and didn't get it. Disappointed.I honestly don't know why the star rating average isn't higher. It's a sports bar. And for a sports bar, the food is delicious -- especially the burgers!!It was my first and last time for this place. The servers are rude and the food is mediocre. The bartender knew nothing about their beer selection, because she "doesn't do beer" - the bartender! 
I'll pass next time, there are much better choices in nola.Typical sports bar in my eyes - tons of big TVs and the usual fried everything on the menu. The staff were helpful and friendly and there were quite a few taps. Of course they have all the local NOLA brews - one thing to try out if you get a chance is the Barney. It's a mix of Andygator (bottom half) with Purple Haze (poured on top) both from Abita Brewing Co. You won't regret it!It's time for a re-review because I have been here many times in the 4+ years since my last review and I am always happy with the food and service.
We were here today before the first game of the NFL season. We were pretty hungry and the place had a good number of folks waiting for a table, so we gave them our number and they said they would text us when a table was ready. We wandered around a bit and after about 25 minutes we got a text and we were seated.
Our waitress was super friendly and fast and we didn't have to wait long for her to take our order. We started with the onion strings, which was a pile of thin cut onion rings fried to perfection. We loved them. For our entree, we both decided to get the crawfish etouffee and I got a side of corn grits. Well, at first there was a bit of confusion- they brought out the corn grits and two small bowls of the crawfish etouffee. Considering this dish is $12, we were hoping there was a mistake There was, it turned out they had accidentally sent out app portions. They let us keep the app portions and sent out our crawfish etouffee entree.
The crawfish etouffee was delicious! It was a large portion, the crawfish were both fried and sauteed and it was served in a delicious sauce over rice. I like that the sauce was spiced nicely and I didn't have to add any hot sauce to it. The corn grits were perfection and if you have had corn grits at a place like Zea's, they are on the same level as their version.
We didn't have to wait a long time for food or drinks and the staff was really good at keeping up with the crowd. This is a solid stop for food, especially before a game.Went here because someone told us they'd have either an MLB package or at least MLB network. Sat down, ordered apps and asked for MLB network on one of the TVs. Apps came out quickly and were good. They were having trouble locating someone to change the TV. Ordered entrees. Still no TV. Entrees come up, mostly all of them having something minor wrong (no cheese, wrong side, etc.) Of course my entree didn't come out at all. Apparently the 'chef' burned the chicken and has to remake it. Half hour later when everyone else was done mine came out. Once the check came no percent off, no comp, nothing. We would've stayed and argued if we felt like waiting another half hour for one of the countless incompetent employes. Oh - and of course despite being billed as a sportsbar they never ended up having MLB network. This place blows.Good food but horrible and extremely slow service. Literally 30 minutes for a round of drinks with no apologies. I went 3 times and each time the service was shockingly horrible.Only giving it one star because a woman at the front desk assisted me but I go to bar to place an order around the same time as another girl who walked in with me. The bartender asked both of us what we would like. The girl next to me places her order for beer and I wanted to place a to go order. The other girl then was able to luckily get the bartenders attention and order her food. Her food arrived within 15 minutes; my order was still in process. It actually took an hour wait and when my food finally arrives  (I'm assuming it was my food since it was in a to-go container wrapped in a plastic bag) the porno-looking bartender did not even think to just hand it over. I signal her and maybe she didn't hear me but it went unanswered. There were at least three or four bartenders present but somehow she decided to take everyone's order and start a conversation with another bar guest while "my" food waits near the beer taps. By then, I just left. I was reluctant to go to Walk Ons after they closed for Essence fest because of the untimely "renovations" but I guess I should have continued to not invite myself there.The place was packed--the Hornets were playing at the Hive, but I was alone so I went straight to the bar where a seat was open.  The service was very good. I ordered the fried shrimp platter, and it was OK, but, just OK.  I'll go back, but maybe I'll try something different.  Seems like a great place!Stopped in here on our first night in New Orleans. We had an event to attend so didn't have time for a full-on dinner event. This place was a couple of blocks from our hotel in the CBD and an easy walk.
It was a darned good meal. I had the Catfish Acadiana, and it did not disappoint. One of the best catfish dishes I've had. I wished I could have taken it home. The crush was light and delicious and I ordered hushpuppies for my side, which were awesome as well.
It's not fine cuisine, but it's a fun place to stop for dinner in a relaxing atmosphere in the CBD.
If you're looking for a casual stop in for a late dinner or lunch, I recommend it.Good drinks, food and atmosphere. Had the fried lobster tails which were excellent. Also had a burger with a fried egg on top. I can't remember the name of it but it was also superbSuper cool sports bar w gazillions of tv screens and delicious food!!
My husband and I came here because this location is one of the only sports bars in New Orleans that will play a football game that isn't the Saints! Isn't that amazing! 
The environment was totally cool! It was so crowded, but so cool! There was so much football spirit and pandemonium that I was happy just to be there! It didn't take long for us to get a seat, order and receive our food... Oh my gosh let me tell you about the food! 
We ordered Jumbo Boneless Wings  (Grilled Buffalo) and Blackened Chicken Caesar w Shrimp.
The Wings were so good that I wish we would have got a double order! And the Caesar salad with shrimp... Speechless! The best chicken/ shrimp Caesar salad I've ever had in my life!
Aunchelle was a fantastic server! She made sure we had everything we wanted in record time and that is very appreciated, because we were very very hungry!
We will be returning back in the next few months whether to see a football game or just eat, they're going to see our face in the place!Absolute best food for game day or any day. Appetizer always recommend the cheese fries and boudin balls. Entree always get the cajundilla for the win. To finish up grab the Krispy Kreme bread pudding. Drink specials are always great and plenty of beers on tap.Visited twice while I stayed at the Homewood Suites just down the street.  It is a sports bar that has cute girls in shorty shorts serving expensive beer.  Not really my scene.
Reasons to go:
1) Convenience. Outside: It is walking distance from most of the hotels on Poydras St. Inside: taps are right there on the table
2) Planned atmosphere.  Big screen TVs placed well throughout the establishment.  It appears like a maze at first, but then the genius sets in after you begin watching people come and go.  There is a method to the madness.
Reasons to avoid:
1) Pricey.  The value of food and drink is really bad.
2) Service.  You are not paying for service but shorty shorts and flirty waitresses.  You will wait for your food, the order might be wrong, and the ticket might be different from what you ordered.
*Most of the customers are in button-up shirts and ties with work hair.  Just a bar to relax prior to going home or host post-work meetings.Our server was Karion, excellent waitress she was so kind and very sweet. She seemed to really care about her customers (us) and she was able, though crowded and busy, to keep a conversation going with us-- and by us I mean a table of 5, she maintained eye contact with each of us. Great service and she even wrote a thank you with a huge smile on the check!!
We came to watch the game and get a good bite to eat. My parents got the large waffle cheese fries and the devils on horseback. The other couple with us also got the devils on horseback.
Very inexpensive and extremely good food, the hush puppies had jalapeños in them so I did not try them but I was told they were very sweet. 
I got the Uncle B's chicken tenders, so good and they came with waffle fries and I got 2 honey mustard dipping sauces. There was so much food I should have asked for more. It is served with one but I needed two. Along with my tenders I got a side salad with sprite. For dessert I had the salted caramel cheesecake, and it was the best whipped cream I have ever had.
I really recommend this sports bar if you are interested in a great atmosphere to watch the football game, get a good meal, and a beverage whether it is alcoholic or non-alcoholic. We sat in the bar area at a table, and while it was loud, it was not overbearingly loud-- I could still hear our server and the people I sat with. There are many TVs everywhere you look, 5 that are sitting almost in front of me from every perspective, and those are just the ones I can see. There are many more.Such potential but lack of vision in  what sports fans need in a true sports bar. If you want people to engage in the game turn the game ON! The music was blaring, and not with a sports vibe. Food was good, but service was painful. Don't leave used glassware stacking up on the table and check back on customers. Our waitress said she needed to check to see if you carried scotch. Seriously? I so wanted to enjoy watching Blazers vs Pelicans game. But would not recommend this as a good place to watch pro basketball. Such a miss!We were in the mood for burgers and stumbled upon this spot and so glad we did! We came in around 7:30p for dinner time on a Monday and there was no wait. This also could be due to the fact that there was a wrestling event happening that night and it didn't finish until 10:30p-11p (that Sunday night after Wrestlemania there was a 45min to an hour wait). Service was great and there were a ton of tvs to watch a little bit of everything sports related. 
Classic Cheeseburger was super juicy and the bun had this sweet but savory taste that was to die for! We also ordered the mozzarella logs which are literally logs vs. sticks and they were so cheesy with that crispy, crunchy coating. Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding is a MUST. Food for me and sports for the husband equals win win. Enjoy!I ate here for lunch with my daughter. It's a sports bar & grill type of place, but it's not un-inviting for families. Best of both worlds i'd say...during the day at least. It's a short walk from nearby hotels. The food was really good and very reasonably priced. Our waitress Nicole was sooo nice too! If I was here longer I would definitely come back.Sssssslllllllllooooooooowwwwwww! Brought everyone's food but mine. Finally brought it ten minutes later and then it was ice cold. Guess I will eat after the other five people are finished and miss the first twenty minutes of the game.Highlights: Walking distance from the office- can't beat that, especially considering that there aren't too many places in the CBD to go grab a drink.  Free valet, which is awesome since parking downtown is a joke. Personal taps at the tables in the bar- self service, pay by the ounce, overall an awesome concept. The Big Cheesy sandwich- grilled cheese with 4 different types of cheeses. I added bacon to it and was so completely satisfied :)
Downsides: It was really loud inside, but it was probably just due to the LSU game on TV. Plus, it was a Saturday evening so it was a little crowded, which is to be expected. The taps at our table were all mixed up. The Purple Haze poured Blue Moon, Blue Moon poured Mich Ultra, and Mich Ultra poured Purple Haze. Easy to fix, but we still had to pay for the beer that was poured before we realized the taps were wrong. Which brings me to the biggest issue I had: our service was terrible. Yes, it was kinda busy in the bar area. Yes, we were a party of 8 or so and people were arriving at different times. But she was AWFUL. She was slow to bring our drinks, and when she did bring them they were wrong. When I ordered my sandwich, I asked if I could add bacon. She seemed incredibly distraught by this. I don't understand what the confusion was- they have bacon on a lot of other items on their menu, it's America and we put bacon on everything, and it's not like I wasn't willing to pay for it. I felt like I was asking a personal favor or something. She rarely came to check on us- instead, she was more interested in talking to the table next to us, where she appeared to have some friends sitting. I use to wait tables, I get it- it's fun to have your friends come in and sit in your section. But you still have to pay attention to your real tables. When we asked to have our bill, she seemed really annoyed that we needed it split up. What did she expect with a group that size that all arrived at different times? I don't understand why she didn't ask if we needed it split when she started taking our orders. She seemed incredibly stressed out about our table, to which I just have to say this: Maybe she was new. I understand there's a learning curve. But she probably shouldn't have been taking tables on her own during a Saturday night WITH an LSU game on TV if she wasn't ready.
Will I go back? You bet- it's too convenient to the office not to. But I'm more likely to suggest going to Reginelli's across the street first.Excellent sports bar : great service , servers were very nice and the food was excellentI visited this location of walk on's on saturday to catch the lsu game with some friends. I was very pleased with the food and service.
When we arrived, the place was packed so they gave us a beeper and asked for a phone number if we went down the street in case the signal doesn't work. I really appreciated this service because the bar was packed so it was much easier to go down the street to get a drink to wait.
We sat down to order and our waitress was very nice and attentive considering we sat there for a few hours. she kept checking in and didn't seem annoyed at all. The cheese fries were good and I also had the buffalo chicken sandwhich - which i thought was very buffalo-y and the bread was also really good with a slight sweetness. If I'm back in NOLA during an LSU game I'll probably swing by again. But get there early!Staff was friendly and efficient. We were not impressed with the food for the most part. The cajundillaa were not bad,  but the mushroom Swiss burger was average at best.Both the food and the service here were amazing! Don't believe the low star rating! We got the chicken salad with the berries, apples, etc. and it was to die for! We also got the shrimp tortilla wrap, which was unbelievable! The reason we actually went was for the Krispy Kreme bread pudding, which turned out to be only pretty good, but it was still yummy. I do highly recommend this place, though, and will certainly be back next time I'm in town!Everytime passing this location on Poydras I always say to myself  "man, I need to visit looks cool."  Well finally on a Sunday evening (around 7:30ish) I visited.  We were seated quickly, which is a plus in my book. The waitress was friendly and answered all questions as well as gave us opinions on her favorites on the menu.
The entree I wanted to go with....I was excited.....She went away with my order.....Came back "We are out of catfish"....Then out of the next possible entree I would go with. I was very disappointed  that both things I would like to try were unavailable. So I ended up picking something on the menu I didn't fully want. I ended with the Mesquite chicken, which was pretty juicy and good; but still the disappointment was already there.
The best thing about this place was apparently the urinals. My friend told me he went to the bathroom and by either urinal there is a little window they can look out of .... Yep you heard me and people can see your face back as well. He showed me when we walked outside and I found that to be the most hilarious thing and that actually was the highlight of my visit. This is a typical sports bar and good location if you want to be closer to Saints action.
The baked potato was pretty good.
Note: Parking on the street to the right is pretty simple especially after meter hours.The server outfits are really cute. The host was really friendly. The server wasn't the best.  I'm really not sure what happen but our appetizer was late and cold. We had to send the appetizer back. The fried alligator bites  for good. I had a catfish in  shrimp platter which was okay. The server was more into the table behind us. One of my friends received their food late. Food was okay. Nothing to brag about.I am only saying a 4 for I have never had a gator wrap or seen the beer taps at your own table before.  Yes, you read that correct, you can pour your own glass of beer at your own table.  Each table has 3 types of beer to choose from, and according to the waitress, they keep the kegs above the restaurant.  Very clever, and never heard of this coming from the west coast, but I could be wrong.
The gator wraps tasted like the texture of fish, but a little gamey, and was seasoned fairly well.  However, I am only a fan for this place would be ideal to watch sporting events, and with the lift of a lever without having to say one more, makes me a fan!  I will see you again next time I come around.We went to Walk-On's fairly early on a Sunday.  There weren't many customers yet, so we were greeted by a full staff and our waitress provided us some of the best service I've ever had at a restaurant.  We ordered a couple drinks that were pricey but huge, so the value was definitely there.   Same with the food, portions were large.  My wife and I split plates of the fried pickles, catfish atchafalaya, and a buffalo chicken wrap, and we took home leftovers of everything as well.  The atmosphere is that of an American sports bar, although there are Louisiana style menu options.  Big screen TV's everywhere, I would definitely go back, especially for a game!We needed a spot to watch the NFL games on a Sunday morning following brunch.  This was where we ended up.  Lots of beers on tap, ample sizes on the food, and lots of TVs for game viewing.  On the downside the Saints game was on about 80% of the TVs.  That's understandable I guess but there were 12 games going on and only about 4 were visible from any given spot.This place has a lot of great things going for them. Draft beer taps at the table, lots of TVs, large menu, and the very best bread pudding that I have ever tasted. Walk Ons has one very big bad thing going for them, terrible service. I have walked out twice before placing a drink order. Both incidents were one in the same. My wife and I walk in the door to find 4-5 girls at the hostess table and we are promptly seated. We then sit there for way to long watching lots of waitresses stand around and chat with one another and play with their hair (gross, they carry our food and drinks). My wife and I get up and leave expressing our annoyance to the hostess who looks at us like there is a foreign object growing out of our forehead. The absolute worst is that we pay $5 to park for nothing. What a waste.