Breakfast here is phenomenal and the service was equally great! The French toast is a must have :) very close to WWII museum.The food was very good - I got the Cajun eggs Benedict - craw-fish cake with eggs over an amazing biscuit. very good - my boyfriend got a Poe Boy, which was just a regular sub, nothing special. But the reason why I am giving such a low score was the service was TERRIBLE. Awful awful. We waited for about 45 minutes, which was fine, but once we were seated it took the water 15 minutes to great us, then another ten to bring us our waters we ordered. He messed up my boyfriends order and was just awful. No personality or customer services skills at all. 
Food great - service awful.Terrible terrible service. It took forever to get our food. The server did not refill our waters or took dirty plates away. The food was okay at best. We are never coming back here.Half fried shrimp and half fried oyster po boy with onion rings. Great po boy but onion rings were over salted and over breaded.
Service was fine. This seemed to be a local dive bar-esque place, as well as a popular place to go to near the WWII museum, which is great!I decided to drop by this place after a friend told me about it. I received great service. My waitress was nice and attentive. The atmosphere there is great for any outing. Lets not for get the food. And trust me, the food is so good you won't. The BBQ oysters was to die for. I highly recommend everyone visit this place atleast twice a week.Had the chicken and waffles. Chicken was seasoned well and the waffle was tasty. Drinks were a bit watered down. Would recommend this place if you're looking for a wide variety of food.this is one of those unassuming places that you go into for a drink, end up having some food, and leave coming back over and over again. 
I have never had a bad experience here. The food is cheap and amazing. I would recommend the chicken and waffles, the basic breakfast, the BISCUITS!!!, and the burgers and sandwiches. 
The service has always been true New Orleans. Super friendly, attentive, and accommodating. 
This place is true New Orleans for its food, atmosphere, service and drinks.This place was all right. We stopped in here after a day of wandering around doing nothing and I cant say that I was impressed with what I ordered nor was I disappointed. I only ordered the spinach dip and my guy had the burger which he really did enjoy. The burger had  a good flavor he just wished it had more or better quality bacon on it, rather than these two flimsy thin pieces. It also seemed a little pricey for basically a small appetizer that was served with what equaled two medium cut up flour tortillas and a burger. If the spinach dip tasted a little better and less fishy (they put crawfish tails in it) I don't think I would have had a problem with paying the $26 for everything
Now for everything else... It has more of a sports bar feel with lots of seating, huge selection of beers on tap and a large outdoor patio. As soon as we sat down, one of the waitresses ran up to our table and proceed to throw our menus and silverware in front of us with out so much of a "hello" or "how are you?" That was a bit weird but the actual waitress that took care of us, Tiffany, was lovely. All in all not a bad place to stop at, Ill go back when I'm wandering around the Warehouse District again and in need of a burger.The food was great...I had the Cajun Benedict. Our server was so nice, However there was extensive delays, lipstick on a coffee cup, and hair in a plate. The outdoor atmosphere was very chill and nice but I'm not sure if we'll be back.This used to be a rather abysmal Irish
joint with terrible service.  But now it's a delightful, casual spot with a nice big courtyard with romantic lighting and a vast dining area/bar that just feels chill and relaxing.  The food was delish.  The fried pickles are dangerously fantastic and the steak sliders a delicacy.  Isodore was our waiter.  He was a sweetheart, and rather attentive.  I think you should check this spot out if you're in the hood!Today, I had lunch here with my co workers and the food was a major disappointment. Two of my co workers had the lunch special of seafood etoufee with fried shrimp. They both detested their choices. The seafood etoufee was primarily rice and a tomato based roux. The dish had practically no seafood in it and the taste of tomato was overpowering. Another co worker had a salad that she has to return because the salad dressing had clearly went bad and no one checked to verify if the salad dressing was worth serving. She returned the salad and had cold French fries and a meatless gumbo with way too much file. I decided it was better to be safe than sorry; I picked the 10oz burger. The burger was overall a reasonable sandwich but my French fries were ice cold. I have been to the Warehouse innumerable times but I think they have just lost a very loyal patron. I don't work too far away and this place food usually was acceptable in the past. My co workers also have patronized this place regularly. They informed me that they will not be returning. I am giving two stars for 1) the good food they have served in the past 2) prompt service 3) customer friendly prices & 4) a pretty clean restaurant. It sucks to leave a restaurant hungry!Came in here on a Saturday morning for Brunch with some friends when I was visiting New Orleans in April.
It seems like this place struggles at the balance between bar and restaurant and seems a little more bar. What I mean by that is it kind of seems like their food isn't the priority. Once our waitress found out that we weren't going to be ordering bottomless mimosas she seemed uninterested. 
I tried eggs benedict for the first time here and everything was cold and the egg was broken when it came out. Not a great experience. 
Overall, everyone else I was with seemed to enjoy their food and it was reasonably priced. Not bad, but wouldn't necessarily return.The restaurant has a good vibe to it. The music is always on point when I am there. The waitresses are very nice and respectful. The food is great. I had the soup, the da duck and the chicken and waffles over the 5 days I visited. It does take a minute for the food to come out, but if it good don't rush it. The prices are responsible, comparatively.Avoid this place!  Like others, I noticed the dirty floors and sticky tables when we first arrived.  Our server came and took our drink orders, and then............nothing.  After 15 minutes, I walked up to the bar and asked about my beer (since the server had never returned to our table).  The barkeep said she had poured it long ago and it had been sitting at the bar.  After returning to the table with my beer, we continued to wait to place an order.  Still no server, so I paid for the beer and we left.  We headed to another GREAT place, Rebellion, just a few blocks away.  I gave it 5 stars!The service is great just as most of the reviews have already stated. The food came out fast. The fish was good and so was the shrimp. The shrimp was a little salty. I would come back.Breakfast was amazing. Creole Omelet was great. Portions were big and filling. Coffee was great as well. The wife had chicken and waffles and they were really good as well. Cajun Benedict was good and full of flavor. Blake took care of us and did a great job.Food was good, service excellent, and the atmosphere inviting. Came here on Saturday for brunch and bottomless mimosa's. They were extremely busy and we had a short wait but once our service began our server was attentive and eager to please! Definitely recommend for a relaxing, enjoyable meal!Nice atmosphere and good food! It was a short walk from our hotel and had a nice open seating area. Had the Nola Brown to start, first beer from the south and I was not disappointed. We started with the crawfish quesadilla and the filling was about 80% crawfish and 20% cheese/pico. So yummy! We devoured it. Since we both had just flown in, we opted for burgers but they were delicious. Nothing fancy, just a good juicy burger made with what tasted like better quality beef than I've had at similar looking places. One down side was the table was a little sticky but that was the only thing that was remotely unpleasant. Again, great place to grab a bite and a beer!Red beans and rice special today,very bland had to add hot sauce.
Husband had chicken gumbo very watery. The best was the toast offered with the beans and the Amber and red stag on ice.After one visit, I will say that this place does not have a single redeeming quality. We went for a late brunch on a Saturday, knowing it would be relatively busy. As this is New Orleans, we lower our expectation for customer service. We were "greeted" by someone who barely made eye contact and did not smile. A hostess then took us to our seats. She smiled. That was the only positive thing that happened during our entire stay. The waitress came ten minutes later and took our order. Ten minutes after that, the indifferent, scowling greeter brought us  warm - not hot - coffee without enough cream. Fifteen minutes later, the waitress returned. We asked for water, more coffee, and cream. Almost a half hour after we ordered, we still hadn't gotten our food. Meanwhile, people who arrived fifteen minutes after us were already eating. That was it; time to go. We approached the hostess and offered to pay for our coffee. We told her who our waitress was and she went to talk to her. She returned and said not to worry about paying for the coffee. No apology for the slow service. Nothing even resembling remorse. For all I know, the food is great. We just did not have the patience to find out. This place does not deserve our patronage. Simply put, with service like this, they don't deserve anyone's.The food Shrimp & Grits was Delicious, but the "Pancake Shot" really taste like pancakes...overall nice place!!!I absolutely love the food, their brunch on the weekends and the mimosas! Doesn't look like much from the outside but inside they have a energetic atmosphere, a huge beer selection, plenty of TVs for any sporting event and a massive outdoor space. My absolute favorite dish is the 'fish of the day' mahi mahi with caramelized sweet potatoes and grilled asparagus and my boyfriend loves their eggs benedict. Service has always been on point too!  The only disappointment I have ever experienced is when I found out they weren't really open til midnight... So sad, had to opt for something less deliscous!  But that won't keep me from going back as often as possible! Love love love this place!If you want a great burger at a great price, then Warehouse Grille is the place to go. This was my first time visiting there today.  I had the Morning After Burger & it was the BOMB!!! He had the Classic Burger & he stated it was the best burger he has had in a long time. The bread was sooooo soft and the burger soooo juicy. Next time, I will have to try the Shrimp & Grits and Amaretto Cheese Cake.Great place to get a taste of New Orleans traditional seafood. Just a block and a half from the World War II museum. The seafood platter is awesome with generous amounts of fried shrimp, oysters, and catfish. Poboys have fresh French bread that New Orleans is famous for. Try it. You'll like it.wow, this place was ridiculous!! in the best way. we got the crawfish quesadillas, BFBE burger, and white chocolate bread pudding. holy heart attack, but so good. both ladies who were serving us were HILARIOUS and so helpful. we just loved this little placeWe absolutely loved this place! We actually found it by searching Yelp. We had been given the recommendation to go to Ruby Slipper or Mothers, but both had insane long waits on a Sunday morning for brunch. So we wandered a while before finding this place on Yelp and it was also on our way to the WWII museum. Perfect! We had their chicken and waffles and their cajun benedict. Both were delicious! They also have endless mimosas on Sundays for $8, not too bad! The staff were very friendly and attentive.
While we were there, we noticed a sign for crawfish on Sundays, so we decided to come back after the museum. We ended up not getting there until 5:30 and they were already out of crawfish, but it had started at 4pm, so that's mostly our fault. We stuck around for some beer and their quesadillas.Don't eat here.  
Went in for lunch on Saturday and got seated at the bar because the restaurant was so crowded.  Unfortunately, this meant we had to be served by the rude, confrontational, and utterly horrible bartender (the thirty-ish year old guy with a beard) who clearly doesn't enjoy working or serving drinks.  Service was slow, the food wasn't great, and I got disgusted with his bad attitude halfway through my po'boy.  He went out of his way to ignore us and his terrible vibes ruined our lunch.  I'm normally a pretty generous tipper, but not this time.  I didn't leave anything and Jimmy Crack Corn and I don't give a darn.I woke up hungry on a Sunday morning and wanted a yummy brunch.  Brunch is one of my favorite meals of the weekend!
A friend told me that she loved the brunch at Warehouse Grille, so I headed on over.
I really like the atmosphere of Warehouse Grille.  It's open and spacious, and there are plenty of TVs for sports viewing.  There's a big outdoor area that is also perfect for watching some sports when the weather is warmer.
My friend and I seated ourselves and then proceeded to wait...and wait...and wait.  After 15 minutes of not even being acknowledged, I went to the bar and asked the bartender to please send someone to our table.  We waited another 5 minutes and our waitress finally arrived.  Waiting 20 minutes to be acknowledged and get something to drink is unacceptable.
Our waitress was really nice, but when taking our order, she sat at our table with us.  I found that to be kind of odd.
We both decided to go simple and just ordered the classic breakfast of 3 eggs, grits, bacon and toast for $7.  Not a bad deal at all.  The only change I made was to request cheese on my grits.
Our order arrived and my grits didn't have any cheese.  Our waitress said she'd bring me some more.  When the new grits arrived, they didn't have any cheese on them...but they had corn in them.  Weird.  I am thankful that I don't have a corn allergy.
The food, while not bad, just wasn't very good.  NOTHING had ANY seasoning on it...not even salt.  Any self respecting southerner knows grits need salt.  I do have to say though...the bacon was to die for.  But then again, bacon is pretty hard to screw up if you're working with a great product, which this was.
I trust my friend (that highly recommended it) when it comes to her taste in food.  Maybe this was just an off day?  Maybe they do their specialty dishes like the chicken and waffles, or cajun benedict better than they do the classic breakfast.
With the combination of the 20 minute wait to be acknowledged, the waitress sitting at our table while taking our order, never getting the right order of grits, and the food just being mediocre, I have to give it one star.
While I can't recommend it to anyone now, I will give it another try to see if this was just an off day.
NOTE:  For brunch, they offer $8 bottomless mimosas. This is a great deal...and they allow you to sit there and drink them until 3 pm.  This is especially wonderful when the Saints play at noon.I had heard good things prior to going and it didn't disappoint. I ordered the crawfish quesadillas and fried bbq oysters for appetizers and they were delicious. I had the morning after burger for my main entree and it was perfect too. So many draft beers to choose from!Came and got the warehouse rust. Was absolutely amazing and service was great! I was kinda surprised that it wasn't busier, but then again we went a bit early for supper.Great service and incredible food! Gumbo was spot on, the Warehouse Oyster PoBoy was outstanding and the half & half was great!The bottomless mimosa service is very quick. When you sip 1/3 of the glass they will promptly be there for refills. We went on a busy weekend and was seated and waited on quickly. I ordered the chicken and waffles which were good. The homemade syrup made from PBR was quite good and had cinnamon flavors. The food came out quick and I was surprised by the beer selection. I would love to try out the lunch/ dinner.This place is awesome!
Food?
Good!
Bottomless mimosas?
Great!
Bean bag/baggo/cornhole?
Victory!Uninspired burgers and overcook fries is the best way to describe this restaurant. Long story short, I would not recommend this place to any of my friends. Their food is unacceptable by New Orleans standards.
The burger patty's ARE 10oz's but that does not make up for the terrible way that they (along with the other ingredients) are slapped on the oversized, overwhelming and chewy bun.
My fries were so over salted and over cooked that I would barely qualify them as fries.  The beer selection was the only savior.
If you're craving a 2am greasy gut-bomb you don't want to remember that will arrive at your table with the burger patty undercooked and your fries overcooked you would love this place.
If you want a good burger and amazing fries, you're better off walking down a couple blocks to Capdeville.We stopped here for brunch after someone in our group found the place on Yelp. Really, we were there for the bottomless mimosas. The bartenders were great. Even after we got up for our meal, they were still serving us mimosas. 
I ordered the shrimp po-boy. It was good.
The place was also filled with friendly locals, which was a huge plus for us.Jay, the manager, was amazing. He was so customer oriented and really made us feel like we were the only table there when it was truly packed to capacity. The atmosphere was great and more importantly the food was amazing. I've visited several eateries in the city and this is truly a place that will become my regular spot. If you're in the city definitely check it out!!We stopped here after seeing WWII museum.  First of all best service ever!! Gracie was attentive, funny and made the best recommendations.  She really made the meal.  We had the Cajun shrimp po boy, roast beef po boy, warehouse oyster po boy and the da duck sandwich and all of them were delicious!!  Perfect meal with the best device!  Thank you Gracie!!!The food here is fantastic. Try to come for brunch/breakfast on Saturday or Sunday. The eggs Benedict can be done with filet mignon. The potato skillet and the bacon are also great. The servers, host, and staff are all very polite and professional. TVs are all around, including two large projectors. The outside seating is nice and plentiful. Great place for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Game Days too.On our way to the WW2 museum and found this spot.  They have a great selection of beers on tap and decent bar food.  The price was right as well.Decently surprised! Great King Cake cocktail. My husband got the morning after burger and thought it was amazing! I got the chicken and waffles, syrup was very running, but okay. We originally came here for breakfast/brunch based on what Yelp said....not much of a breakfast/brunch place though. Staff was very friendly!Worst place I tried in New Orleans,  including the free breakfast at the hotel (which was far superior). To start with the positive part,  they have a nice beer selection,  so if it were just based on the beer selection it might be a 3. 
Unfortunately,  I ate the food.  In short it was the worst stuff I had in the city.  I started with lamb spring rolls that they burned to a crisp.  See photo below and judge for yourself.  It was shocking to me that they let such an error get through to a customer. I tried one thinking it might be a Cajun seasoned skin,  but it was just burnt. Next, the half and half Po'boy was was virtually inedible because the bread they used was so stale, I literally aspirated some crumbs and am still trying to clear my throat.  Mercifully,  the oysters and shrimp were reasonable.  
Sad to say this is one of the few Yelp misses I have experienced.  After a bad experience giving a bad review in the past,  I told my wife I would refrain from giving reviews below a 3, but the fact that this place is a 4 is simply offensive to me.  I would have gone lower, but the places overall decor and atmosphere were fine.  
In short,  go here for a drink and stay away from the food.Stopped in here for a little hair of the dog and some wings. Beer awesome wings fantastic. Service was excellent, very friendly.First, I must say that this is about the 97th incarnation of this bar spot since Katrina.  Polynesian Joe's, Tuckers, Macguires, and a whole slew of others.  My expectations were not very high at all.  On the bright side, I was wrong.
The bar have moved and shifted and changed and relocated in each incarnation.  It looks like the raised seating area was closed off for private events, which is a good thing given the overall large size of the building.  The seating area and bar itself are well-kept and clean/new.  The patio is sadly no longer sand and volleyball courts, but I supposed that is understandable.  I think it was turned to concrete to few bar iterations ago.  That said, the patio is huge and nice.
The bar was decent, with about thirty beers on tap.  This is by no means the Avenue Pub, so you will not find that hard-to-find-chardonnay-barrel-aged-cask-ale you were searching for.  They have all the local flavors, and Stone on tap.
We checked out this joint on a Wednesday night, and it was pretty empty.  It looked like they had two bartenders and three kitchen staff working.  The bar staff was not overly impressive, and seemed much more engaged with their friends at the end of the bar.  Definitely not a good sign, especially when they had about eight folks in the bar.
Our main reason for the journey to this establishment was to the procurement of delicious foodstuff.  And we nailed it.
We ordered the Fried Pickles, Onion Rings, Chicken Wings, Morning-after Burger, and Crawfish Cakes.  All were excellent.
Fried Pickles - Probably the best I've had in town.  The batter was excellent - light and crispy.  The amazing part was the pickles were not that salty.  They were seasoned perfectly.  Absolutely delicious.
Onion Rings - Beautifully battered and perfectly cooked, these suckers were incredible.
Chicken Wings - As witnessed by my reviews, I have a special spot in my heart for wings.  These wings were big, meaty, and fried to perfection (a touch crispy).  The sauce/rub is a Louisiana Hot Sauce based with was I would guessed is Brown Sugar and Garlic added.  While they tasted great and were cooked perfect, I wish they had the true Buffalo Sauce - Half Butter and Half Frank's Red Hot.  They even served them with Bleu Cheese.
Morning-After Burger - This thing was a gigantic ten ounce wonder.  The burger came with a fried egg, bacon, onion rings, and cheese.  Big and tasty.  I will not be getting this monster again anytime soon - only because it is huge and I tried to eat the whole thing which was not the best idea.
Crawfish Cakes - These were apparently also very tasty, as I never had the chance to have any prior to them disappearing.
Overall, this is a pretty decent place.  Our only concern was the bar staff, which the kitchen staff more than made up for.  It was a great spot to grab a bite to eat.  Rumor has it that it is the new home of the local Buffalo Bills Backers.  Two stars for service, five for the food, and four for the setup.  This will round up to just under Four Stars.A must for any and everyone!
We had the place to ourselves, which was surprising with how cheap, delicious, and friendly it was. Of course, at the time we dined, Aaron said they hadn't even had their grand opening yet.
In the morning we stopped by, seeing an elegant and artistic environment with great jazz music playing. Expecting $12? $20 maybe for each breakfast dish? NOPE! $7 per meal with too many sides to choose from. Anna, our waitress, was very sweat and attentive. The cook as well came out to check on us and we had an easy conversation with him about food and NOLA. We noticed the drink menu and vowed to come back for dinner.
And BAM! Perfect again. During our dinner visit Aaron seemed to be helping out his coworkers at every turn, so we didn't get to converse with him that much, but he made a great and natural effort any time he had the chance, and man does he make a mean mango-jito. And over 30 beers on tap! The St.  Chuck Duck is a must to order. Don't spoil it with condiments, you must accept the burger as is in all of it's saintly chuck duck goodness. HUGE porch area me and my boyfriend were able to dance in all night with the help of their great music.Aside from service being super slow and the servers being confused on who is assigned to our table, our experience here wasn't that bad. The food was actually decent and we loved the countless beers on tap. We had to go to the bar for a drink because no one was serving us. To make matters worse, the restaurant was not even busy so you'd think that there wouldn't be any issues--alas, we were snubbed. We were here to watch some football which did occur but the TVs could be more numerous and bigger. This is one of those places you should only really go to if you're in the area.I mean...bottomless mimosas with brunch? That's important. And it seems like they open an hour earlier for brunch than most places--also good. But the food's a little meh. Good for game day time's if you can position yourself to see a tv.I love this place, not only was I lucky enough to get the best waitress ever (Lisa H) ...the shrimp and grits were outstanding...liked the food so much i asked for the menu back to order food to go...I was staying at the Marriott Residence Inn a block away and couldn't take another day of lining up for the  free hotel food..Really enjoyed this place. Awesome selection of draft beers, and the bloody Marys were fantastic and for only $6 It's hard to beat. We tried the crawfish eggs Benedict which was different but really really good. Fellas behind the bar do a nice job and are very interactive with guests.Brunch food available in business district during normal working hours! The food itself is completely acceptable. It won't send you into a tastegasm for being overly delicious, but it's definitely not bad at all.  I shared onion rings with my co-worker for an appetizer and then we ordered off the brunch menu for our entrees.  I had the chicken & waffle and she ordered the white chocolate chip pancakes.  The waffle was good, with a hint of cinnamon.  The chicken component was an entire skinless, boneless chicken breast pounded thin and battered & fried.  It was good, but a little greasy being fried chicken and all.  The white chocolate chip pancakes were just regular pancakes with a couple of white chocolate chips sprinkled on top for garnish.  They didn't have the whipped cream my co-worker requested to go with them. Portions were large, so the food was a good value for the price.
Service was prompt and friendly.  The dining room was clean, but it had that unfortunate faint smell of dirty mop water that a lot of sports bar/restaurants struggle to overcome.  I'm not sure what's up with that as I've never worked in the service industry.This place used to be great. It was my go-to place for brunch or a quick bite since it was only a block away. Food was excellent and service was friendly. However, the past several times I have been, the experience has been awful. Service is non-existent, food has become greasy and inconsistent, and it's almost like the staff are going out of their way to be rude. A couple of messages to management have been unanswered, so I'm not wasting another meal here.Came for brunch......I do appreciate the bottomless mimosas but this place might be understaffed for brunch. We sat at the bar with Justin. The food was WONDERFUL. Had a filet Benedict with shrimp added and cheese grits. My friend had the French toast on ciabatta bread and it was also wonderful. Service from JUSTIN was wonderful. 
Here comes my slight complaints. 
The servers were struggling to keep up the refilling of mimosa to the rest of the small restaurant. And it happened to be 52 degrees today and one of the staff has decided to prop a door open to the patio area. I didn't choose to sit outside I chose to sit INSIDE. The parking situation is good on the weekends with street and lot parking 
I'll probably come back.....not quite sure at the moment.I eat here a bunch when I'm in Nola... the daily lunch specials are a pretty good deal and the food comes out fairly quickly. My daughter loves the Lamb sliders, I love the Warehouse oysters. Today I had the seafood Etouffee with fried shrimp ($8) and it did not dissapoint. They also do a great chicken and waffles here.Definitely try this place if your near magazine street in New Orleans. The crawfish quesadilla was great.*** 3.5 stars ***
We went on a Sunday afternoon during football season (after the Saints were already out of the playoffs) and they were out of most of the things on the menu (!!!).  It was a bit frustrating that no one warned us about that until we sat down and ordered our Bloody Mary's, but the things that we were able to order were very good: the french toast and the crawfish quesadillas.  And the Mary's were very good as well. We really wanted to get the duck crepes and the chicken and waffles but they were out of both.  I'm knocking them down half a star for being out of what we wanted (and a lot of other things as well), but rounding back up to 4 for the review because we did enjoy what we had.  I'd definitely come again, but I might call ahead to see what they are out of before I come.So fat do good great drinks. Great bartender -Shannon she advised us on local hot spots for NOT AND Hot for the museum district...Wowee have the BBQ Fried Oyster appetizer: amazing. Tender oysters on the half shell with green onions, bbq sauce, green onions and blue cheese. They were really fabulous. Hubby had the 10 oz burger: huge & delicious. Fries good but a little underdone.  Looked like a fun place no matter when. Fabulous service. Many options; a great place near the WWII Museum (a must do.)Nice place with good service and good food. Only odd thing was the TV on the back patio playing some crazy televangelist claiming to save 1000 souls for $1000 instead of football. Bizarre, but otherwise totally worth check out.This place has great specials.  Thursday $3 draft beer night (ALL kinds of great beers on tap).  Weekends $8 bottomless mimosas.  Cheap way to watch the Saints games.  They have other great specials as well.  4 stars because I got fancy with some of the food choices (duck crepes, bacon grilled cheese) and they were not very good.  But their staples like fries, onion rings and grilled sandwiches certainly hit the spot.The best place we went in New Orleans!  We had a party of 11 girls during brunch for a bachelorette party on Saturday, and it was the best service I have ever received in the city.  The food was delicious, the mimosas were truly bottomless (my glass was never empty), and the staff was so friendly and nice.  I will definitely go back whenever I return to NOLA!So this joint was quite surprising more of a bar atmosphere than restaurant but plenty of seating and comfortable but cooking up some of the best food in NOLA!
I ordered the Morning After Burger it was the best one I've had, the jalapeño bun put it over the top, the onion ring was a nice compliment and the bacon was cooked to perfection. Side note the burger was cooked as ordered not the well done standard order.
My wife got the Our Seafood Platter, the oysters had layers of flavor excellent mix of bold flavors, the Asian cole slaw was nice with a hint of toasted sesame oil I think? very good, crawfish quesadilla was good, the dish was awesome
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was the desserts.  The praline cheesecake was over cooked and the bread pudding was okay at best but I will make this part my routine stops while town.Just walked out.  Waited about a half hour while everyone around us was served.  Manager couldn't crack a smile as she brought a crappy coffee over with too little cream (there was no one around to ask for more).  Skip this place.I saw the review from a previous poster about the bottomless mimosas, and it seems them being a new restaurant they are still trying to figure a few things out. This last Sunday my family and I went in for lunch before the game started. They were very accommodating. They even made a special seating area just for us since they had run out of tables. We ordered bottomless mimosas and they were fabulous. The atmosphere was great and the staff was wonderful especially out waitress Tiffany. Will definitely be going back!!!Delicious bottomless $10 mimosas, delicious fairly priced food, great accommodating service, and very spacious and attractive patio area that plays great classic rock. 10/10 would recommend and will come back next time in NOLA. Best brunch locationLove this place! Amazing food, fantastic beer selection, great big (dog friendly) patio! I plan to be a regular!Came here on the first morning of our trip to New Orleans, as we were looking for bottomless brunch and Warehouse Grille delivered! Bottomless mimosas! It wasn't busy at all as we got there around 11am on a Saturday, so our server was really on top of topping off our mimosas. I got the french toast and it was some of the best french toast I've ever had. I loved the addition of the honey and molasses- very sweet but really delicious. Their skillet brown potatoes were ridiculous. SO GOOD. I could've eaten them all day. My other friends got the Cajun Benedict and the Creole omelette and they enjoyed their meals as well! And when we were leaving, our server asked us if we wanted to-go cups which being from NYC threw us off at first haha but even after he gave us the to-go cups, we ended up finishing out mimosas, he came back to fill them up for us to take. Really enjoyed it, easy on the wallet, tasty food, cheap drinks, friendly servers, so it was a great way to start our day!We had a very late meal on the first Friday of Mardi Gras after parades.  Husband was super hungry, had the tomato soup with grilled cheese & bacon & then a beautiful rib.  I had the chicken & waffles which was divine - brought home half the waffle.  The special syrup with infused beer was great - comes out warm in a cute little pitcher.  We'll be back.The best bottomless. Ask for Tom. Food is large portions and consistently yummy, you'll also never see the bottom of your glass.Saturday brunch here with my girlfriends. Everything was on spot. There was no wait, the waitress was kind, bottomless mimosas for $10, and all the food was good. 
I got the Cajun Benedict but got to try the filet Benedict and  omelet  as well.Stopped here at 5 pm on a Tuesday in August. Vacant (and gigantic!) patio area . Looks like a great place for a late night gathering. 
Outdoor decor includes banana trees and a cute little 'Connect 4' game.
Good cocktails - did not dine here .I remember this place once upon a time as the sand volleyball Hotspot, Polynesian Joe's, pre Hurricane Katrina. I came here for the first time in 13 years Sunday. The inside has not changed too much but the volleyball courts have been replaced with a large beautiful courtyard. We planned a trip to the nearby WWII Museum and decided to stop here for Sunday brunch. The brunch menu was a good size and had many good selections. The portions are pretty big. I had the chicken and waffles which were yummy. My tablemate had the French toast. He couldn't even come close to finishing it. Two people could probably split it. They do offer bottomless mimosas for $12. Friendly service and good atmosphere. I'll have to come back on a cooler day and try to extensive beer menu while I enjoy the courtyard.New Orleans is not known for awesome beer selections.  This place has 50 on tap but none are special.  Basically lumped 3 standard bar's and put their selections together.  Local stuff plus Sierra Nevada etc.  Nothing to get excited about.
Food wasnt bad but nothing exciting.  If you are in the area and need food and drink; go ahead and go it.  It is good; it is just not special.Another bad place at this location... Cool band, good draft beer, horrible apps (ordered 3 apps, the duck creeps were awful, sauce was super sweet pie filling from the can straight from Sysco, the lamb spring rolls were in-edible, the crawfish quesadilla was edible, but not great).  As a local, I will not return.  Cool place, but am 100% convinced it is cursed since Joe was shot here.  Best use of the place is a tear down and re-build.  McGuires was a bad knockoff of Tuckers Tavern and Warehouse Grill is just bad....We had a party of seven that each tried something different. Everyone loved their choice. I had shrimp pasta. It was delicious. Fried pickle app was served quickly and was lighter than others I have had. Very good. 
Service was quick, attentive, and friendly. Prices were good too.Great selection of local drafts served by a friendly staff.
I had a king cake shot and my first Abita Andygator. Delish!
Updating my review because the owner is more than hospitable!!! As a couple, we asked for a local's opinion on touring the city and the owner, Donnie, welcomed us INTO HIS TRUCK for a drive down to Magazine St. shops with bar suggestions. THIS DOESN'T HAPPEN ANYWHERE ELSE!!!!!I'm not sure you can really beat the $10 brunch mimosas here. Not only are they served with a good amount of champagne, they flow like no one's business! You can even get a "to-go" cup after you have had all that you can drink. The services is attentive and quick. On our last visit, we sat in the courtyard which is way more fulfilling than eating inside. We arrived at 10am on Sunday and didn't even have to wait, but this place did fill up fast. I am a fan of the standard egg breakfast with a biscuit. My husband had the burger last time, and it was delicious. Also, the chocolate chip pancakes are almost as good as the one's I make! =) 
Definitely give this place a chance! Check out the courtyard and enjoy!The best thing about this place are the bottomless mimosas on weekends. That's it. Food is okay if you're already drunk or if you're having breakfast after a night of heavy drinking. Your taste beds are dull and numb from the alcohol... The service is mediocre at best. There's a lot of chit chatting in front of you between co-workers. I've been here at least 5 times and the experience has been the same. I just wanted to get my guests to see their great patio. But it's not worth all that. There are better places. Now I know.Great service and great food. Can't beat $10 bottomless wine on Tuesday nights! Pretty good wine too. I ordered the "DA Duck" and it was amazing! Take my word for it and order it.Went here on a Sunday in Texans gear and still got great service lol. I had the steak and eggs and it was ok, I really enjoyed the skillet browns(potatoes). I also ordered the corn roasted cheese grits and they were enjoyable. A friend ordered the Cajun Benedict and it was to die for!!! I was continusly eating off her plate. I went to the restroom and was very disappointed when the plate was gone! They also have bottomless mimosas for $10. The mimosas are ok, mostly orange juice with a splash of champagne. Overall it was a good brunch place with good food for a reasonable price.Hands down the worst shrimp and grits I have ever had. The grits tasted instant and the shrimp were in a ketchup-like tomato sauce. Horrible! On the plus side the waiters were friendly and the beer selection was good.This place just opened and is great! lots of beers on tap and an interesting menuWhen we got there there was a long line and waited a while but once we got seated the experience began. Our server was an older high energy lady and  she recommended the chicken and waffles so I decided to go for that. The food was beyond any expectation I had and the service was even better. Would definitely come back!This location has had several bar and grills located inside it and so far the current one is the best.  They provide really good and friendly service along with some decent to good food.  It does seem to draw a mix of tourists and locals from the area and it actually has quite a spacious interior that can accomodate larger groups.We ordered the crawfish quesadilla appetizer and that was excellent. We also ordered the Warehouse burger with the egg on it and that was excellent.  Lastly the fried pickles weren't our favorite only because they were sliced like chips. Our preferred cut are a little thicker with a little more breading. 
FYI their grill closes at 10pm on week nights but yelp doesn't state that information.Great food- white chocolate waffle was bomb! Service was kind of slow,  but what do you expect on Saints game day?  Overall a great new spot!I have used Yelp for years without registering, but signed up just to say how bad this place is. We were attracted by the outdoor courtyard on a sunny day.  A mistake. Undrinkable Bloody Mary's, bland crawfish quesadillas, greasy duck sandwich and a table of screaming drunks next to us. Worst meal in two weeks in NOLA. Stay away.Nice place. Great service. Some confusion as to which appetizers were half price during Happy Hour. I thought she said all, turns out only some. I had the Cajun rice balls as a entree, they really are appetizer portioned. But still very good   My wife had the shrimp and grits also very good and decent portion. I would go back and try something differentService here was friendly, but not attentive or detail oriented. Took a while, and got the pricing on a beer wrong (nice enough to take the entire thing off the bill).
The food is decent, although greasy, which we should've expected. The morning after burger was not really unique, although tasty. The oysters were really good. Also, this place is close to the WWII museum, which is why we went there in the first place.This place is disgusting. They served us a poboy with MOLD on the bread. Then the staff handled it so poorly. When we asked for the manager he was condescending and kept calling us "sugar" and "honey". I've worked in the service industry for 10 years and I've yet to experience such idiocy. This sucks.Not sure why this place isn't written up in any recommendations. Had the lunch special. Not sure what sea food dish it was but it was good. 
And the beer selection? Phenomenal. 17 regional taps. 
The bartender was super nice and friendly and full of recommendations. 
If you're a beer lover and in the warehouse district def come to this place.This is a great spot to visit when taking a break from the World War II Museum. The service was great, food was delicious and the prices are reasonable.
I had the Warehouse Poboy which is a specialty Poboy they make with Oysters, Abita BBQ sauce and blue cheese crumbles. It was pretty good. However, the star of the show was my husbands order, Da Duck. It was basically the best sourdough grilled cheese you could ever have that happened to be stuffed with duck meat and thinly sliced apples. I was very surprised just how much duck meat it had. 
My only complaint is that they are going through a transitional period with their menu so a lot of the items we were interested in they no longer have. It was pretty annoying to play a guessing game as to what they had or did not have. Maybe they should have put tape over the items they were no longer serving. 
My husband and I were not able to finish seeing everything at the WWII Museum, so we will definitely be returning on our next trip to NoLa. If the Warehouse Grill is still serving Da Duck, we know where our lunch break will be.Late night, Don't pass up it will be your "LOST"
Food and Late night service was Very Good to me, no rush at all
Taste was on the Plate!!!!!I ate here for Sunday brunch and it was pretty good. I had the creole Benedict with a side of skillet brown potatoes with creole sauce.. Excellent taste but I think adding a biscuit to the Benedict is a bit too much in addition to the crab cakes and potatoes. Also, I tried the French toast, really good. You have to eat it while it's hot though. Eating in with a lighter syrup like maple will set the taste off. Also I had bottomless mimosas, $12 bucks is not bad for it. I want to try more food from here so I'll be coming back before my trip is over.I've been here previously for drinks and had fun, so I was eager to try this place for brunch. In the end, I was pretty underwhelmed.
Brunch started out awesome. Any brunch place that offers bottomless mimosas immediately has my attention. They weren't stingy on the mimosas either. Every 5 minutes, there was a server topping the glasses off.
Brunch became less awesome shortly after. I ordered the filet benedict. I didn't notice when I ordered (heyyyyyy bottomless mimosas) but my server never asked my meat temperature and I never specified. The result was a black, chewy well done piece of meat. The poached eggs on top of the steak weren't runny enough. I couldn't even finish it.
Overall, I didn't find brunch anything to write home about. It wasn't very expensive, and service was all right. The food was just disappointing.Brunch is amazing. The outdoor seating area is huge and they allow you to bring you pets. Love visiting on a Sunday morning with bottomless mimosas.My friends and I went for lunch at Warehouse Grille Sat. Oct. 12, 2013. We were attending the New Orleans Film Festival activities at the Contemporary Arts Center so we just walked over to the Warehouse Grille because it was convenient. Upon first walking in I noticed the art work was nice but the LSU game was on and they had it blaring. My friends and I had to scream at each other just to have a conversation. We ordered our food, a cheeseburger and fries for me, one of my friends ordered the duck crepes and the other the crawfish quesadilla. Our food arrived in a timely manner but we were sorely disappointed. My cheeseburger was great but the fries looked like they had been fried in old grease. They were black, greasy and hard in the middle. My friends duck crepes had bones in them and the other friend had to send her quesadilla back because she said it tasted like rotten fish. I ended up sharing my burger and fries with her. Even though my burger was very big and delicious, it wasn't worth the price I had to pay for it. I probably will never visit that place again unless I am craving a very big burger!Amazing food! I loved the fried green tomatoes especially. However, the service was extremely slow. Our server rarely stopped by our table. It took a solid forty minutes to even have our order taken. It was difficult to even get refills on water or silverware. Come here if you have time to spare, but I would recommend bringing your own drinks.I wanted to love this place. They have $10 bottomless mimosas for Sunday brunch. And our waiter was super attentive!
However the food was not great. The cheesy grits which I was super excited about were bland an lumpy! I even sent them back because they were not cheesy at all. Came back even worse. I'm not sure how you mess up grits but they managed it. 
The blueberry pancakes were...ok. But on the burnt side. And it took forever to get butter. 
I will probably try this place again though....the mimosas were good!Went with my family, we ordered a variety of items. All were so good!! The portions were very generous and food was very fresh.The have great burgers and bar food made from fresh ingredients.  The folks are quite welcoming.  A great place to watch a ball game or listen to live local music on Fri and Sun!This place blows.  And they lie.
Friday on way home from work, I stop in for a beer.  Sign out front says "Happy Hour - 1/2 price beers."  How could I resist that?!?  I go inside and have a beer.  $8.  Bartender says they don't do happy hour on Fridays.  I say the sign out front disagrees.  Nope.  $8.   I tell the manager on the way out, and well...nope.  $8.  She said the GM (someone named Jeff) made happy hour super confusing and no one understood.  
Funny enough, the wife and I ate dinner there a week ago and they were still talking about how confused happy hour was.  Food was very very blah.  Nothing was particularly good.  Nothing was a particular value.  It's bar food (at best) and uninspired.  From the prices, they certainly think its the bees knees...but it isnt.  And have I mentioned, they are full of it.  Bait and switch operation.
Absurd beer prices...ABSURD.  $8 for an ABITA!  And what other bar in New Orleans kills Happy Hour on Friday.  Monday - Thursday only?  What a joke.   There are a million other bars in the neighborhood that has better food, cheaper drinks, and better ambiance.  Certainly, never going back.  And yeah, sure, its harsh to ban a place over a $4 discount, but these ditzy bartenders are just too dumb to understand what one experience can do to a new business.  
To be honest, this is just as bad as McGuire's (at the same location)...maybe worse.
Lucy's is similar and has better food...and well Lucy's isn't particularly good.  I will say Lucy's doesnt charge $8 for a beer after saying 1/2 off.  And isn't that what life is really all about.Good food  Nice Patio service. Fried chicken and waffle were yummy. Best of all was our server EBONY who was very nice, informative and friendly and brought us a sample of crawfish to those of us who had never had them.
She would be the reason I would go back.I've been here twice for dinner with groups of four since it opened.  
Other reviews detail the layout.  The only thing I would add is both times I've been here (late afternoon), the bar has been empty and dark.  I was happy there was a bright patio to sit on.  The patio is enormous.  Nice furniture.  Maybe half a dozen tables filled on either occasion.  
Interesting menu, large beer selection.   Everything I have tried has been excellent.  Morning after burger, lamb sliders, St. Chuck Duck, duck crepes......
Parking was a problem during mardi gras -  $20 to park across the street.  Kind of annoying.  I was tempted to park in the patio.  However, if you go during a normal time, street parking is available and the lots are more reasonable.
Service has been great.  It is a long haul from the far end of the patio to the bar, but if the servers minded making the trip, they had a sense of humor about it.   
I'll be back.We probably wouldn't have found our way into Warehouse Grille otherwise, but I happened to park right beside the patio on our way to a parade. When we got back to the car, the patio and our hunger pangs made us decide to stop.
We were seated quickly and our server was polite and pleasant. It seemed like they were a little short staffed, but she stopped by our table often and our food came out quickly (with three children and a 2 pm lunch, I'm well aware of any delays in the kitchen). 
The patio is spacious and open - maybe not particularly charming, but it seemed like a good place for a big group (or small children). We sat right beside a large connect 4 game which kept the kids occupied - big win. 
Food:
-original burger - it was good, nothing exceptional, but I ate every bite. It's on the thinner and wider side of things, rather than smaller and tall. 
-my husband had some sort of burger special which seemed to be topped with everything in the kitchen. He ate the whole thing, but I'm not sure it was such a good idea.
-chicken and french fries for the kids. Some places they can share, but these kids meals were on the smaller side and they each easily ate their own.
If we lived in the neighborhood, I think we'd frequent this place often. As it is, it was a good meal and good atmosphere right when we needed it. Solid.So, this morning, my partner in crime (my puppy Yukon) and I decided to take a long walk to the find some breakfast.  Used Yelp to find the nearest place to me that had outside seating, and Warehouse Grille popped up.  Best decision I have made all day (granted it still is morning, but you get the idea).  
Upon first glance, it didn't look like the kind of place that would be good for breakfast, but boy was I wrong.  They have a nice big outdoor seating area with about 10-12 tables.  Yukon and I were the only ones out there.  The waitress was prompt and very friendly.  She even brought out some water for my pup.  The food was good and the vibe was nice and relaxing.  
This will defiantly be one of my "spots" when I am out walking with my partner in crime.Quite pleased with a newly discovered lunch spot in the CBS. Dropped in on the Warehouse Grille on Magazine Street in the former location of McGuire's (and a variety of other places before that). It's very close to the World War II Museum, so is a worthwhile option if visiting there. This is definitely a bar with food - one wall is filled with beer taps. It also has a very big outdoor patio area and a good-sized private room.
The menu is limited, but it has a couple of burgers, a couple of sliders and a couple of sandwiches, as well as a handful of salads. An interesting aspect of the place is that they serve breakfast each day until 3 p.m. I think I'll have to make a trip back to check out the omelets. I went for the Warehouse Club which is chicken, bacon and Canadian bacon on jalapeno bread. Anyone who knows me, knows that the way to get a good rating from me is to put a sandwich on good bread. And this bread was excellent. Plus the chicken and bacon was solid. And they had homestyle french fries. I've also tried the lamb and steak sliders and they're solid as well. The burgers are giant, and once again, great bread. Overall, very good lunch food - and it appears they serve food all the way until close, which is a good bonus in the CBD as a lot of places stop serving. Out of 50 points, I'm giving this a 40 on food (that's a recent boost, really liking the place, and the hours).
The atmosphere was also very good. We may have been there on a perfect day - it's nice and cool with a breeze today, so the front doors were wide open giving it a good airy feel. It would have even been a good day to sit on the patio (which isn't common to say after April in NOLA). For atmosphere, I'm giving it a 23 out of 30.
The service was also good. Plenty of wait staff on hand to take care of the lunch crowd (most inside tables were full). No wait for anything and everyone very attentive without being over-bearing. The one interesting aspect is that with quite a few visits here, I don't think I've ever seen the same servers. Lots of turnover; we've had outstanding service and quite shaky service, but overall, they do a good job. I'll give it a 16 out of 20.
Final score = 79 (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).Bottomless mimosas were great. We had a large party and service was still great! I had the steak sliders...simple but delicious,  the meat was cooked to what I ordered and was extremely tender. My boyfriend had lamb sliders and they were even better! Would never have thought the food would be so good. I can't wait to go back and try brunch. Lovely outdoor area and they even have outdoor games!Delicious brunch food, and even better service. The French Toast is soaked overnight, and the potatoes come with some kind of delicious cheesy sauce. 
We came here on a Friday for brunch, so the place was pretty empty. Only a few tables had filled by the time we left. 
If you are heading to the WWII museum and looking for great service, good food and reasonable prices, give it a shot!This place use to be my favorite! We would go for Sunday Brunch and have bottomless memosias. It was the Best! Until we went on a game day. 
After ordering and finishing our first glass and asked for another. The server said "not on game day are they bottomless". I asked for a manager that never came. 
The service was bad but the food is really good......but they will never get my money again.The food is heavy and blah. It feels like the place doesn't know what it is - an out of place college bar. The service was also slow and not very attentive.there are two very special chefs in this kitchen, one is known for "st chuck duck"  and the other?  is a well known female chef, now residing here, instead of frenchman street.   both have delightful attitudes, and much to bring to the table.
this is a newly reopened spot, that has a great location, and lots of room, and outdoor area.   its lookin good y'all.
the menu?  you got breakfast, lunch, dinner, and small plates for munching.   great combo all the way round.
I settled in for lunch.    Everyone seemed a bit new, and they are, some more on top of the game?  than others.   The bartender was definately distracted.   but the server?  came to me at the bar?  and made things right for me.   Thank you darlin for checkin on me.   Not terribly busy yet, but enough new stuff for the bartender, that she really didn't even acknowledge I was there.  I forgave her tho, cept one big thing.   NEVER take a glass that someone has drank out of, and put it in your ice bin to refill the glass.   use the scoop.   needless to say?  I didn't finish my coke on that note.   
the st chuck duck?  fabulous.   thank you for bringing that back to new orleans craig.   a much needed yummy sandwich.
pay attention caitlyn, because people are watching.
however, everything else?  was stellar.    I'll be back.Food was fantastic. Would suggest the French toast. Over an inch thick with 4 pieces.  All you can drink mimosa's with one to go.  Service was great also.I always hoped i would never have to write a review like this but unfortunately the time has come. My brother in law, sister and I came here this past friday afternoon 3/20/15 hoping to get a meal before we headed to the airport for our flight home. It was close to where we were, and decent reviews  so we decided to try it out. We waited patiently for a hostess to greet us and she did. I had told her we had 3, she looked around for tables and after struggling to chose one,  she finally replied "you guys can sit right there and I'll grab someone for you". This was odd because she hesitated on choosing a table  even though the place was like 95% EMPTY!  We sat down, 5 MINS PASSED, 10 MINS PASSED NO MENUS or the slightest bit of acknowledgement was given. Then I saw an older couple walk in, they were immediately seated, with menus and waters. 15 MINS PASSED, and I notice another couple get thier check, pay and leave! Then a man at the table next to us comes up to our table and gives us a bottle of ketchup and states "sorry I took this from your table earlier"  That man noticed he had taken our ketchup and actually acknowledged us, because I swear WE WERE INVISIBLE till then!. It was closing in on 20 mins and I told my guests that in about 2 mins we have to leave this is UNNACCEPTABLE. Finally the hostess who told us to sit at the table came up to the table next to us and asked them is everything going ok? That was the last straw. WE WALKED OUT! No one stopped us, or asked what was wrong but at that point it didn't matter. 
      Let me just give you the facts. This is a large place, and there were only 4 tables of guests here. Now I understand understaffing could be a issue, although one waitress was conversing with a table for a extended period of time, another was wiping tables around us, and even the hostess who seated us noticed we had NO MENUS OR WATER but did nothing about it? I don't know, take what you want from this. But looking at Elite yelper reviews service seems to be a problem. It sucks my Nola trip ended on this note, because the food and service everywhere else was amazing :( Maybe this was a misunderstanding or miscommunication, or maybe a racist act (we were the only non caucasian people int he building)  just hope its not the last one :(Perfect place to watch a game! Indoor and outdoor TVs allow you a great spot to watch the game, no matter the weather. 
$2 mimosas all weekend. The duck sandwich is delicious, but pass on the shrimp and grits.Must try the crawfish quesadillas!  I got the fish platter but only wanted the quesadilla! Wasn't a fan of the tuna or crawfish cakes. Hurricanes were awesome!the chicken and waffles with PBR syrup were awesome.Great grub, great service and an amazing selection of beers on tap. What's not to love? We thought the crawfish quesedillas were amazing.  Everything was tasty though we thought the duck crepes were bland and a bit of a letdown compared to everything else we had.We went around 7 pm on a Wednesday. Not super busy. Waitress was super friendly and helpful about things to try. The food was served quickly and very fresh. Tasted delicious! Sandwiches were big and really juicy. About $10-$15 for dinner per person.Quick summary: the food is nothing special and a bit pricey. 
I was with a party of 6 for Sunday brunch. I ordered a shrimp poboy w/ French fries and my girlfriend ordered the bacon and cheese quesadilla w/ a side of cheese grits. 
Our food took 45 minutes to get to us and ended up being room temperature almost cold. The shrimp had good flavor, but the poboy was very small and the fries were soggy and over salted. The quesadilla did not have much bacon or cheese and the quality of ingredients was lacking. However, the cheese grits on the side were a highlight even though they were not hot. It seemed as though our food sat a while. 
The waitstaff was decent, but not attentive enough. Our overall experience was not great. The place was somewhat busy at the time, but I expect better food and slightly bigger portions for the prices they are charging.Great selection of beers on tap, as well as a variety of food choices to pick from. The service was pleasant but the food was unbelievable. We had the BFBE burger that was excellent as well as the quasadillas. Love this place & def like to come back again!Just went here yesterday for brunch with a girlfriend...the $8.00 bottomless mimosas were what pulled us in, and we are very glad that we went. 
The mimosas really are bottomless-and pale. We loved that. 
Both of us got the 3 egg breakfast and it was solid, (they even accommodated my friend's request for "almost burnt" bacon), and we split the French toast. Loved the biscuit that came with the breakfast plate, and the French toast was nice too-just do not expect your normal custardy French toast, it's dry, but it is GOOD.
We ate and then went outside with our mimosas and hung out in the courtyard for several hours while the courtyard server kept out drinks full. 
Staff was very friendly and attentive, even though they were slammed for the WWE crowd. 
We had a really nice time and we will be back!Good food with reasonable portions. Large selection of craft beers and food options that portray great culinary skills. If you choose to come here, have patience as the service is quite slow.I came to the Warehouse to try something new in NOLA. The menu had a great variety of items, but I ordered the bowl of gumbo for around $10. The gumbo came, and had a  height of 0.5 inches, very small portion. I was very disappointed in spending so much for a small BOWL of soup, more like a cup in a shallow bowl. The flavors weren't authentic but was not satisfying.We can give this place two stars only because of the service. Because of the rave reviews from a culinary magazine in our hotel, we decided to give it a try. Maybe we didn't order the right thing... Not sure, but the food was mediocre at best.  Overly salted gumbo that needed more than just salt, a dry po-Boy bun for the grilled two small sized catfish filets, and one small cup of salad dressing for a washtub of salad= a big NO for a return visit.  No working restrooms -- not good either.  Not impressedWow, great burger called the Morning After Burger!!! 10 oz. burger with bacon, onion rings, cheese of your choice, sunny side up egg, on a Jalapeno Cheddar bun.
Side of o-rings, definitely cured the appetite. Girlfriend got the Pork steak with an orange-cranberry glaze, delicous!!!! Sides were stuffing and asparagus, she loved it !! Another two thumbs up!!I visited Warehouse Grille for the first time during the Red Dress Run. The brunch was excellent - they offered bottomless mimosas and a unique bloody mary. We returned recently after visiting the World War II Museum and I'm not even sure what to say. Uninspired? Disappointed? Overpriced? I ordered "Da Duck" sandwich with the cheeses on the side because I felt like the sandwich would have been overwhelmed with cheese. The duck was alright but the sandwich lacked any excitement to it - even when I added some cheese to it. This place feels like a bar that happens to serve food. The waitstaff was not very friendly. My rating is an average of my first four star visit for brunch and my second one star visit for a late lunch. I'll come back for the bottomless mimosas and brunch. Maybe if I'm convinced, I'll return for lunch or dinner. However, before you decide on dining here, check out some of the other places in the area first.My boyfriend and I were walking here tonight and discussed how we couldn't understand why this place didn't have better reviews. We'd been here multiple times before and had no complaints. Well....the sign out front "crawfish Friday-Sunday 4pm-til". Guess what?! That doesn't include Saturday. Odd! Ok...no worries. The OTHER sign..."happy hour. 4-7pm. $3 draft". Imagine my surprise when my 2 draft beers ordered in this time frame ran me $6...each! Was their advertising honored? As if!! My advice? Skip it! Check out America Sector a few blocks down. Excellent happy hour and they honor what they advertise!Was perfect lunch stop after the WWII museum. Gumbo was good, oyster po boy very good and craw fish quesadillas also yummy. Balsamic dressing is a bit too sweet if we had to lodge a criticism but this is made up by 40 taps, bottomless mimosa's and a great waitress,,, Sheri.
Don't expect white gloves and fine linens,,, just an honest good place to grab a comfortable meal. Enjoy.It was awesome. Good food and one of the better beer selections in New Orleans. Plus they have bags!! Also very cool art and outside patioWe ate here twice while in New Orleans and I can say that the Fried Shrimp PoBoy and French toast were excellent.This is my first time having French toast with molasses made out of ciabatta bread. We also had great service both on a Saturday morning and Thursday early evening.I've been here twice with a group of friends. Prices are okay. Nice place to hang out... but the food wasn't so great. The portion sizes are decent, but just not that tasty. Waiters are personable. Outdoor seating is available. It was okay, but just not that great.Misleading, overpriced, underwhelming.
Came here for a Saints game. The only thing worse than losing to the Seahawks AGAIN, was how long it took to get our overpriced pint beers.Horrible!!! We went for New Years. Made a reservation and they said they were booked until 8. We got here at 7:45 and it was only 60% full. Out of 50% of the menu.  Total joke!   Took s chance and list. Probably good for a getto happy hour but never for dinner.Awesome brunch experience at this place! I am only sad that it took me so long to find this gem.
The food- delicious, good selection and reasonably priced.The eggs benedict was solid, others in the group got burgers and crawfish benedict which also looked bomb. 8$ all you can drink mimosas that they are not stingy about at all. I think there is also a bloody mary bar, but we stuck to mimosas. 
The service- super nice, quick and accommodating. They gave us full go cups without asking and split our checks even though it was a big group. 
Lagniappe- They have games on the huge patio out back! Large connect 4, beer pong and cornholeSuper low key restaurant that takes cash only with a great outdoor seating area. The fried pickles are a must to start with. The Bloody Mary is pretty tasty as well. I ordered the creole Benedict which I thought was very delicious! My friend ordered the chicken and waffles and the best thing about that was the PBR maple syrup! Very tasty. Service was a little slow because there was only one bartender/waitress for the outdoor seating area. Definitely a great way to spend a few hours enjoying the outdoor weather.Friendly staff and delicious food! The Morning After Burger is killer....massive, but soooo delicious!Great food and great service. Thomas is the best bartender! The morning after burger and chicken and waffles is to die for!!!Poached eggs should be runny and delicious when you cut into them. That's the point of eggs Benedict, right?  Besides the hollandaise. 
Someone should learn how to poach some eggs in that kitchen. It's a damn shame.Yesterday, I went to warehouse grille for brunch to celebrate a friends birthday.  There were 8 of us total. From my previous experience at warehouse grille, I knew that the food left a lot to be desired so I only came for the brunch mimosas.
Nonetheless, what really made this experience horrific was the service that we received. Our server, this older curmudgeon woman, was initially just odd, but as time passed she became increasingly worse. 1st: the birthday girl asked if she could order a poinsettia (cran and champagne) and the server was like we are low on cran juice. Next thing we know we see pitchers of poinsettias being carried around by multiple servers. 2nd: bottomless mimosas are supposed to last until 3 pm, but the server told us that it ended at 2:30!!!! When we spoke with the bar, they confirmed it was until 3 and gave us a bottle of champagne. But when our server saw the champagne on our table, without asking she just came and snatched it off the table!!! Ridiculous!!!! She tried to explain she hadn't worked brunch in a really long time.  But two of the other servers told us as we were leaving that she works brunch every weekend.  Then I asked for some BBQ sauce to dip my fries in: she charged me 25¢!!! How tacky!!! I could go on but this is already too long...
Avoid this place...wish I could give it negative stars.I love onion rings and these are some of the best I've had in the city.  Service was great, prices reasonable and everything we ate tasted fresh and yummy. I'll be back...This would have been a 4 star but I withheld one due to service.  
2nd time I've been, first time dining there.  Well, almost.  They did a nice job with the space on the interior, and I can't wait to try the patio during nicer weather.  Really nice looking.  
While they have many beers on tap I think the selection could be more varied.  (Do you really need every beer that Abita makes on tap?  Or was it NOLA? I can't remember.)  Most are priced $6-$7 a pint.   I don't remember seeing if there is a happy hour.  
I was solo and the LSU/Tulane baseball game was on the TV so why not belly up to the bar and grab a few beers and a burger while watching what turned out to be a very good game!   Sipping on the beer and burger ordered when, what I assume to be the manager, decides to change the channel on the TV.  I say, "Whoa!  I was watching that!"  The bar was pretty empty and there was another couple watching also.  I think we were the only 3 watching TV at the time.  He goes on to tell me something about the IT guy not being able to get the TVs to operate independently and the NBA game takes precedence.  Please, this is New Orleans.   Most locals barely care about the Hornets, much less other NBA teams.  Well, no convincing him.  It's all the IT guy's fault.  Even the nice bartender tried to convince him to no avail.  (I'm guessing he had money on the game!)  So, I politely asked the bartender if she could make my order to go.  She was very accommodating.  I poured my beer into a go cup and walked back home to watch the rest of the game.   That guy just cost his owner and the bartender some money.
Now the food.  It was only a burger and fries but it was a very impressive burger and fries.  Quite a large patty (10oz, I think) that seemed a bit smashed.  It was cooked perfectly and had a beefy taste.  If I would change one thing with it, I would have seasoned the meat a little more.  The fries seemed hand cut and, while not crispy (probably due to sitting in the go container on the walk home) they were delicious.  
A sign advertised free crawfish on Fridays and Sundays.  
I will be back, but I hope management realizes their mistake.  I am one that doesn't believe that the customer is always right, but we were right on this occasion.Went for brunch on Sunday and had a wonderful time. Our table got everything from specialty poboys to soups to brunch! It was really busy and we where told there would be a wait which was expected. Service was friendly and fun! I will definitely be coming back for their weekly lunch specials. Oh, and did I mention bottomless mimosas!Cain eggs benedict were so amazing also are the homemade biscuits  they are worth ordering as a side. We came here for breakfast before a cruise. It was so good that we came again once our cruise was over. 
This is the best eggs Benedict I ever had. I could eat it everyday, but I would get fat if I did.Had the seafood platter.  Holy fuck that was good! The tuna rare was excellent and perfectly cooked, crayfish quesadillas were mainly crayfish and herbs with a nice complimentary sauce.  The oysters were lightly fried to perfection.This place was great when we stopped in (3 random times). no stops were planned except for the crawfish, which was delicious, even if it could have had more of a kick! Other times were just for drinks to go while we were in the area, but the happy hour was great $2 well drinks! And when we actually sat down to eat the crawfish, Johnny was our waiter and was great. Offering advice for great beer and dessert, and he was knowledgeable about the crawfish boil. He also was free with advice about the city and places to go. Would highly recommend this place to all, especially after the WWII museum!!Great Food!  Came in for a late lunch with my family and we were starving. The service was excellent and the bartenders even gave samples and recommendations for the beer. We had the BFBE burger and it was delicious and enough for two. One of our kids had the chicken and waffles which he loved and the other had the classic burger and he devoured it!!  First time in NOLA and will definitely come back and eat here again.Went for bottomless mimosas and fell in love! Great environment and service and even better food! The side of potatoes on the breakfast/brunch menu are totally to die for! Will most definitely be a return customer!As other reviewers have said, the wait staff is terrible. We sat for almost 20 minutes and never had a single waitress stop to even get us drinks. We almost left. My entree came out after about 40 minutes, but the other entree didn't come out till almost 10 minutes later. The appetizer came out last....? The manager noticed and came over and comped our meal. I think she comped the table next to us as well. The manager was the only one who was on top of things, and she was in and out of the kitchen. She was super helpful and professional. She deserves a raise for dealing with the messes of the wait staff. 
The food was really good though. I had Chicken and Waffles (skip the bear syrup it's like water) and my father had a Hamburger, which both tasted awesome. 
Convient location next to the WWII museum.40 beers on draft? Got us in the door for sure! My husband had the duck sandwich and fries, swears by the deliciousness. I'm having the tomato/red pepper soup and a bacon and grilled cheese sandwich, yum! Just enough kick in the soup and the sandwich is a cheesy gooey delight. Good service and a nice vibe. :)I found this place on accident. The food was OK but nothing to write home about. I would be willing to go back and give it another chance though.We went in for lunch while visiting the WWII museum. Great food and great service. The Po Boy was delicious as well as the chicken and waffles. I would definitely recommend.Arrived 3.45pm on a Sat 
Sat at a sticky / filthy bar that was 1/2 cleaned after we sat down 
Bar staff poorly presented and needed a change of shirts and a wash and keep their hands clean and off their mouths and greasy faces 
Slow service including a free beer for the 2nd beer that never came 
Food - quesadillas were 11/10 great  -house burger was simple and great - the cold fries didn't complement the burger well ..
Fried oysters .... well ....tasted like fried batter and were soggy 
Management could do well to have a leader on the floor/bar and keep the place cleanGreat beers and food! Massive patio area and daily specials.
Pros
30+ draft beers
Good food
Great specials
Massive patio
Cons 
Seem to constantly run out of itemsWe sat outside in the great patio but were practically the only people there. Good tunes, good food.Nothing fancy... Good ass kicking shrimp n cheesy grits!!! Unlimited mimosas & great hot coffee! Even the chicken & waffle looks amazing!! The waiter is extra sweet & very attentive. It's true... You can't beat southern hospitality! I plan on jarring it & throwing it at some peeps in NY who can use a dose of Charm Schoolin' 
Make it a point to stop by here & on your way stop at the farmers market on Saturdays for your fresh produce & organic juices cuz all this heavy food may need a little flushing!The morning after burger is the bomb!  All the food is good, as is the service.  Highly recommendedI've been here twice.  The first time, I was with a group from work and had to leave early so didn't have time to eat but the food smelt soooooooooooo good that I kept thinking of going back.  Went back a few weeks later with a friend for lunch.  The portion sizes are nice and worth the price.  I also had the crawfish bread and etouffee which was pretty good too.  Didn't do drinks..just food.  Waitstaff have always been really personable.  I'll be going back again tomorrow.One of the best breakfasts I have ever had. The skillet browns were the best tasting thing I had in New Orleans.This is a good restaurant and more people should give it a shot. It is not very fancy but the food is good and the quantities are large. The wings are tasty and the fries are amazing. I ordered the Rusty and the sandwich is huge. The bread was not that good. I did not care for the toppings. It was basically a large fried chicken sandwich. The service is ok.Stopped in for a quick drink on our walk downtown. Bloody Mary was  super peppery, so much so that it was almost undrinkable. We asked for something to dilute it with to make it better.  Pimms needs to be sweeter for me to say I liked it. Bartender was less than friendly, on a slow afternoon it was not easy to get service. Neither of were really impressed with so many other options in the area.This place was perfect for our slightly hungover group of six looking for bloody mary's and greasy local food! They managed to have lots of delicious traditional local eats and your basic bar bites on the menu. The bar vibe going on was just what our rough looking crew needed and they didn't bat an eye when most of us ordered multiple fluids (waters, sodas and mimosas please!). Our server was really sweet and and friendly and helped us make up our minds. We had some great fried oysters, creole eggs benedict and fried pickles, and that's just what I tried. They make a mean bloody mary, too!I have mixed feelings about this place...it was rated so highly and it was close to the WWII museum (and it was raining), so we ducked in here for brunch. Even though the restaurant wasn't so busy, it took awhile for us to get served. My coffee was borderline warm/room temp. I had to drink it fast to make sure it didn't get any colder. I ordered the chicken and waffles and the beer-infused syrup was the best part. Next was the waffle- thick, not too sweet, great texture. The chicken breading just fell off, so I didn't eat it. But the chicken was tender. My husband got the morning after burger, which was gigantic. But bigger doesn't always mean better. So-so experience. Glad the TVs were on to entertain us during the meal, at least.Dined at the Warehouse Grille based on the good Yelp reviews, but was ultimately a bit disappointed. Service was good. Our waitress was brand new, but did her best to get answers to our questions and even brought my friend a sample of the Chicken and Waffle syrup. Here's the low down on the dishes we sampled:
Creole Rice Balls: I ordered this as my entree and was very disappointed in the portion size. Four balls of rice does not an entree make. The sauce was very tasty and the balls crispy, but they appeared not to have any shrimp at all in them. This would have been less troubling if there had been a side item or two, but no dice. 
Chicken and Waffles: my friend was fairly happy with this dish. The chicken was very nicely cooked (crispy and juicy), & she enjoyed the syrup.
Roast Beef Po-Boy: I think this was easily the best dish of the night. It was a huge portion; giant sandwich and pile of fries. My friend enjoyed the sandwich and luckily shared her fries with me (since the rice balls certainly didn't fill me up). 
Bottom line: Good service, pretty tasty food, but be sure to ask about the portion size of what you're ordering. And if a main component is missing (like shrimp!), don't be a pushover like me - send it back and get something else!Wonderful service, none of our group were locals so the waitress was happy to explain what things were and give recommendations. Great happy hour deals too and relaxed friendly vibe. If I'm ever back in New Orleans, I'll be sure to returnWent here for breakfast this morning and it definitely exceeded my expectations; though my expectations were not low to begin with as this is the new home of Chef Craig (Janita's). Craig was not cooking this Easter morning but Chef Don delivered with an amazing brunch. I had the Filet Benedict. The filet was cooked perfectly and the hollandaise sauce was great.  The sage biscuits were a delicious base but I'd eat them all by themselves too. My friend had the "basic breakfast" which is the bang for your buck...2 eggs, cheese and corn grits, 2 pieces of bacon and a sage biscuit for only $7!! This is the spot for breakfast in the downtown/cbd/warehouse area... where else can you get a full breakfast menu until 3pm 7 days a week?!? The service was fast, friendly, and frequent. With three beverages each, our glasses were never empty.  We also sat outside on their huge patio which will be perfect for drinks this summer and Saints games this fall. Can't wait to come back!first time here for my friend's birthday dinner!!!! lover the ambiance!!! food is awesome!! please do yourself a huge favor and check out warehouse grill!!I've really been disappointed with this place. Its unfortunate because i had such high hopes. It has all the elements of being a knock-out bar in a kick-ass location! Huge patio, live music, big draft beer selection, well regarded chef, and even the service is pretty good. 
What puts me off time and again though is what we've all seen but hate to admit; the touristification. We see this in the quarter all the time and most recently its begun on Freret street. 
Starting with the menu, its done up bar food. Nothing too special you wouldnt see one block over. The onion rings are something that initially taste good because they're pretty different than the standard batter stuff, but then you realize its over-spiced to the point it physically makes your stomach turn. I will say that the one item i'll come back for is the morning after burger. It is intended exactly for its name and i really like coming in here with a hangover, order a decent beer, and chow down on that mega pile of calories until the grease drips soak into the bar. 
The beer selection is good at first glance but here's the kicker; if you know anything about beer then you'll notice that about 30% of what they have comes from one brewery owned by AnBusch, and about 60% of everything is owned by ImBev (the parent company of Budweiser). Its all commercialized with no taste. which i get actually, its a vicious cycle of sales reps pushing their product on the suppliers so there's limited option to what bars can cheaply purchase in town. I expect better from Warehouse grill because they advertise to be competition to Bulldog or Bayou Beer Garden. Those other bars may not be any better by opinion, but at least open up a bar that has something different to offer. 
In summary; this place is good, but its still old news. If a patio bar is your thing, Rusty Nail around the corner is way better. If you want classic American bar food, try Capdeville.Amazing food, especially for the price! And, the sweet potato fries are to die for :-)really liked the place. we stopped in after a visit to the WWII museum and had a late lunch. 40 beers on tap and a very large (about the size of a tennis court) outdoor patio what  possibly could go wrong. nothing. it was a monday afternoon and we were the only patrons there. a place like this in philly would of been packed (we like to drink up here). we started with a local micro brew - excellent and the quesidilla - excellent (but only 4 slices) and followed that with the classic burger and many beers. if you want to go somewhere away from the dregs of society on bourbon street then this is the place to escape. (i don't know about you but watching pregnant teenagers sitting on the sidewalk with a emaciated dog and a sign saying 'i'm homeless and pregnant, please give me a dollar' is pretty unsettling)One of the things I hate about traveling, is discovering sandwiches like "Da" Duck. I thought I knew a few great duck sandwiches, I was wrong. Also, our waitress had that great southern hospitality. I didn't love the fries, but the chicken gumbo was also delicious. Eat "Da" Duck, dammit!This place is really great and so much better than the horrible MsGuires that used to be located here. Our waitress was really fantastic. Her name is Stephanie and she was so very attentive to our needs. She even let us take one of the unlmited bloody mary's to go :) I ordered the crawfish quesadillas, which I will admit were not very good mainly because they were too fishy and i dont think the crawfish were cooked right. But my friend has the lamb sliders and they were awesome! Love the ambience and courtyard here. Perfect place for happy hour after work during the nice weather months,If you come on a Sunday, be prepared to wait. I recommend sitting at the bar; your service will be better (quicker). 
1. The drinks are great. Start with an Irish Breakfast Shot. You will not be disappointed. Then transition to the bottomless mimosas. 
2. Good luck deciding on breakfast. If you get the frenchtoast, you can share it. It's amazing. The bacon is amazing. 
Can't wait to go back!The food here is three stars but the weekend bottomless mimosa brunch is def four stars. They keep your glasses full and it is only ten dollars for the bottomless. Plus they have a lot of tv screens so you can come here to watch a football game while enjoying your bottomless mimosas!Terrific! Great staff and food was really good. My wife almost licked her plate after shrimp salad. I had chicken and waffles.  Mmmm mmmm good. Great place.Decided to stop by for a quick drink and a small bite to eat. The place is a sports bar and a football game was on...it was noisy. But that's a sports bar! :) We were seated immediately. Place is not the cleanest. Floors and table were sticky. I was afraid to go to the bathroom so I avoided it. We ordered a mint julep, an old fashioned and the warehouse oysters to start us off. We literally started coughing the minute we took sips out of our drinks. Powerful, overpowering drinks that were not consumable...for us. And we're not light drinkers but we couldn't handle this. Yes, we could've asked for different drinks but I felt bad as we already canceled my friend's order. To send back 2 drinks would seem like a pain. I also figured the ice could break the alcohol. Maybe the oysters would go well with it? Nothing worked. On a positive, the oysters melted in my mouth but I wasn't to keen on the BBQ sauce. I would order the buffalo ones if I had to go again because they were cooked so well...and maybe a beer? Prices are quite reasonable.My family is from Charlotte, NC. We heard great things, made plans to come for bottomless mimosas and good food. However we came and sat for 22 minutes with no service or bussing. Other tables around us got up and left and no tables were bussed in a 10-minute time period. About 5 minutes before we decided to leave, a group of 6 people came and sat at a dirty table nearby. Within a moment, their server greeted them and they had a cleaned table and menus. During our wait, we politely asked two servers AND the manager, if we could order food or drink from someone... the servers both said they would 'send someone over'... the manager said "we have 52 tables and we're doing the best we can". We let him know the other table was just helped and we continued to be ignored. At that point the manager repeated they are doing the best they can and walked away. The only difference between my party and the party helped was the racial make up of our group. We were very disappointed in our treatment at this establishment. We left a few minutes after the manager walked away and we still were not greeted, approached, given menus, anything. We will not return. It should be noted that the restaurant seemed well-staffed, as at least 5 servers walked by us several times in the time we were there, as well as the (empty-handed) manager.Love love love this place!!  Gracie was excellent.. Paired our drinks with food and desert perfectly! Great finish to our day at the WWII museum! Happy birthday to Gracie.. Hope to visit again soon!!!  Be sure to order the oysters with blue cheese and sauce.... WONDERFUL!Hidden gem. Went for breakfast/brunch. Great courtyard. Cool music. Loved the Chicken and Waffles with PBR syrup. The shrimp and grits were yummy too. They had bottomless mimosas on Sunday... very Brut. Games in the courtyard. I'd go again.Close to the WWII museum so we stopped by since we were starving. 
Its as good as bar food gets! 
I had the shrimp and oyster po-boy and was exactly what i expected. Nothing mind blowing but it was delicious!This place is fantastic! I've gone here several times and each time the staff is fantastic. Bottomless mimosa brunch here is great. We always like the food. The staff is great and it really is bottomless. I will keep going here cause it's great.This is a great option for before or after a trip to the World War II Museum. Just a short walk away from the museum, The Warehouse Grill is a relaxed restaurant serving New Orleans classics like the Shrimp Creole Po'Boy (AMAZING!), the Morning After Burger (served on jalapeño bread), and an Alligator Sausage Combo. The fantastic, filling food and large variety of beers on tap was just what my friends and I needed after touring the WWII Museum.
Great for groups! They easily accommodated my 9 person party!Good place for brunch or lunch, it's a bit small for a large group though. I recommend going in a group of 4 or less. Food wise I recommend the baby spinach salad or shrimp and grits, both were very good.We've walked past this place a hundred times and finally went in today.  Why did we wait so long?!?!!!  The food is GREAT!  Had a beautiful spinach salad with fried oysters and roasted tomato soup for lunch, and the hubby got a roast beef poboy which was great.  We came back later in the day for snacks: the hot wings are really unique and very good, and the spinach and artichoke dip with crawfish tails was pretty fabulous.  Plus 40 beers on tap and great bartenders.  A killer neighborhood find.On a recent trip to NOLA my boyfriend and I discoverd Warehouse Grille.  We each wanted an authentic New Orleans Po'Boy during our stay.  Our order was shared so we could each have some of the Shirmp Creole and Fried Shrimp Po'Boy.  Each was delicious and neither skimped on the shrimp or the fries that accompany it.  
The Beer selection was solid, food was great and service from Casey was stellar.  He even provided written suggestions of places to visit while we were in town.
Put this on your list and if you go to the WWII Musuem, the Warehouse is just down the street!I went to Warehouse Grille twice during my trip to NOLA. Twice in a city full of restaurants and delicious food is quite the compliment! Both times we were served by the lovely Gracie. Gracie was not your average waitress. She made you feel like you've known her for years. Her menu suggestions were spot on. There is only breakfast/brunch on the weekends, and it is quite amazing. Shrimp and grits, as well as chicken and waffles are on the menu all the time. The bar has some good drink specials, and I had two Irish breakfast shots (Jameson, butterscotch, and amaretto with an OJ chaser). Again, two of the same shots in this city is saying something. There is nothing at this place I wouldn't try. The Creole sauce and Cajun sauce are excellent. The warehouse oysters were the best oysters I have ever had! If you go here, get the shrimp and grits, chicken and waffles, and the warehouse oysters. You will thank me later when you're polishing off those leftovers after you've enjoyed more of the city. Warehouse Grille is a definite must eat in my NOLA trip planner.Went here for a Sunday brunch with a friend. AWFUL EXPERIENCE. Of course it was super busy as to be expected. But once we got seated that's when it all went  to crap. I ordered a benedict and my friend ordered an omelet due to them being sold out somehow of whatever it was that he originally wanted. Each of us got a bloody mary which were really good. 
Then it came to the food.  We both received our food and start to eat. My food was COLD! And I mean very cold. And somehow my friend's was hot. WHAT THE HELL? How does that happen? So I politely let the server know it was cold and he immediately took it to get another plate made. All in all my friend ate his food while I just sat there. And in between the time I sat down to eat and then actually got a second plate of WARM food it had been an HOUR. I almost seriously got up and walked out before the second plate came out.
I would never go back here. Of course there was a game on so what? The staff is just watching football instead of actually serving the hoards of people in their establishment? Worst brunch experience I've ever had. Would give zero stars if I could.Had breakfast here on our last morning in New Orleans.  Would give it a 5, but the waitress never really refilled our waters or anything.  Only maybe 3 tables of people...got our food and that was about it.
The food was perfect for breakfast - and a lot of it.  Husband and I could have shared.
Great place to eat if you are staying in the Warehouse District!I would have given this a five star review after being here three different times, but the last time here really turned me off to ever going again! I will start with the good: 
1st time: Went here the night of my brothers 21st birthday and the bartender Will? (Short brown hair) was super friendly and made sure my brother had extra birthday love! 
2nd time: Went for lunch and had decent food. Oyster po-boy was really good, their desserts are really good, hot wings are ok, lamb sliders were ok but the plum glaze added a funky cinnamon flavor that did NOT compliment the lamb flavor. Server was friendly and kept our drinks full. 
3rd time: Went to start a night of drinking here after having great previous experiences. The bartender (male with extremely long, thick hair) didn't want to seem to have anything to do with our just slightly obnoxious group, but preferred to pay attention to the other two gentleman (only other people in the bar). My cousin had got there first and used the women's restroom and came out stating there was no more toilet paper and not to use it. She then informed this bartender that there was no toilet paper and he replied with an "ok", folded his arms, and was going to do nothing about it. Lost the bar several rounds of drinks because I needed to use the restroom and I was not going to go in empty handed. Also, the attitude of the bartender about the whole situation turned us all off, so we left... Customer service is EVERYTHING sunshine!Super slow service.  Food went south since last time.  My morning after burger arrived lukewarm and tasted a bit off.  Beers are still good so there is that.This place is pretty unassuming, I walked by it several times without going in. Once I did I was glad I have it a shot and have been back several times. The long and short:
1. Outdoor seating. Great large outdoor area, perfect for brunch and/or tailgating. Dogs are welcome (wait staff will bring out water bowls if asked).
2. Breakfast/Brunch. I like their brunch menu more than their lunch/dinner menu (which is not so different from other bar/grills). They make a mean eggs Benedict, the Cajun Be edict being my favorite thing on the menu. Bottomless mimosas are also available.
3. Bottomless mimosas. 1 mimosa will run you $5 and take about 30 seconds to drink while bottomless will run you $10. There's really no point in not getting bit less if you plan on drinking at all.
4. Bar. The bartender was very knowledgeable and was able to turn out some requests that I'm sure most don't hear often (my friends chocolate martini mostly, though she said it was delicious.
5. Lunch/Dinner. Nothing special to see here. Foods not bad, foods not good, foods pretty much grill food. Average drink prices.
In all this is a solid place for brunch or to catch a game, but will only stay relevant to me for those events. Always happy to have a good brunch spot close by :)
Overall Grade: B+One of my favorite places.  Awesome beer selections (on tap!), fabulous bar food (lamb spring rolls are amazing), great sandwiches (love the St. Chuck Duck).  And they have one of the best outdoor patios in New Orleans.  
So why not 5 stars?  Very vegetarian hostile.  I'm NOT a vegetarian, but I have friends that are, and it's just not a place I can recommend we "hang" at.  The "spinach and artichoke" dip has crawfish tails in it, the pecan and spring greens salad has bacon bits.  Yes, sure, you can hold some of these items, but as good as the chef is I'd love to see just a couple "no holds needed" vegetarian-friendly options.  
Otherwise, it would make a great "haunt".Food was good, service was great! Came here after visiting the children's museum, which was also good. My husband had a burger,which was excellent, and I had the chicken sandwich with bacon on it. Both were awesome and homemade cut fries were awesome too! Prices were reasonable and we were able to take our 3 year old there without any issues. Waitress even gave us to go cups of our drinks.  She was fab! It could've been a wee bit cleaner. Table was dirty when we sat down. If it wasn't for that I would've give it 5 stars. Overall, great food, service would definitely come here again next time we are in Nola.Just happen to stroll in wanting breakfast before our WWII museum visit. Found them on Yelp. Had a great reviews. And they were correct. The breakfast was pretty darn good! Waiter was extremely attentive and we got in and out quickly.Shrimp and grits is always a winner in the heart of New Orleans.  The place was comfortable and affordable. A special everyday, Good price point, and friendly service make this a place not to miss.I'd come here for drinks but that's about it. The service was meh. The breakfast food was gross. Their idea of chocolate milk is throwing VERY little chocolate syrup into milk and calling it good. My eggs were WAY undercooked. Bacon was like cardboard. The only nice thing about this place is the GINORMOUS patio out back.I wasn't expecting much from this place. It has a very generic feel to it but we had a great meal on the patio! Our waiter was quick, friendly and didn't hover. I had Da' Duck sandwich - pulled duck, balsamic reduction, red onion & green apple (I opted for no cheese although it is listed on the menu with cheddar & bleu). So savory and delicious on great sourdough bread. Hub got the flat iron steak and we both loved the fresh, handcut fried. Solid choice for a casual lunch!I visit NOLA every few years to visit family. This is my favourite place to spot after flying/road tripping. Found this place accidentally- after a flight me and my family wanted to eat somewhere nice but everything was fully booked... We did not regret wandering in.
 The food is great (the more far out the better- their typical cuisine is just ok.) The service is very laid back (which is typical for NOLA. Can be a turn off to those from other cities.) There's a girl hear that remembers me every time I come- I'm a sucker for things like that.Was in town visiting and thought the menu and location looked interesting.  We sat outside and ordered 3 appetizers, came out pretty quick so made me wondered how fresh they were.  At least the Abita on tap I ordered was cold.  I saw them boiling up crawfish and was told they start serving after 4pm when band starts.  In a nutshell, waitress going off shift cashed me out and I planned on ordering crawfish fom new waiters.  none of the new crew said a word to us but waited on everyone else, finally got waiters attention and told him we wanted an order of crawfish.   he looked at the boil and said it would be awhile and disappeared, never got our order or were spoken to again, while others were served plates of crawfish.  Finally left after 20 mins.  Maybe this was just a  random occurrence but food wasn't that great to recommend overlooking.By far the best chicken wings I have ever eaten. The fried pickles were also great. Next door o the WWII museum.  My husband had the huge Morning After Burger. Sweet tea is SWEET!Excellent, high-value breakfast for the price. The Basic Breakfast is $7, comes with two eggs; bacon or sausage; grits, fruit or potatoes; and choice of bread. The menu did not specify that the potatoes come with a delicious, creamy sauce on top (kind of tasted like pimento), and that the biscuit I selected was a savory herbed biscuit that looked like it was grilled in a little bit of butter before serving. So delicious!! The menu really underplayed this dish, I didn't know it would be above and beyond a basic breakfast plate. The bacon was delicious too, thick cut and crispy! Will definitely return!Excellent spot for lunch or dinner. I hear their breakfast is good too. They have a large menu, daily specials and a good selection of beer and spirits. My only complaint is that they do not use french bread. The menu lists po boys, but it comes out on hoagie bread. The service is always top notch. Sheri took care of us tonight. She knows the the bar list and menu well.