Always great food and a wonderful happy hour.  Really solid drinks and service.Wayfare is so cute! I recently went for a first date and was pleasantly surprised. At first I thought, ok sandwiches for dinner is kinda lame, but Wayfare was a nice, quiet and intimate setting. We went on a weeknight and it wasn't busy, though he did may a reservation. There are icicle lights lining the windows so the mood was slightly romantic, but still casual. 
We made it in time for their happy hour, which ends at 7pm. They had cocktail, beer, and wine specials. And the fries are also on happy hour. They have a fairly large selection of drinks, but I was in the mood for wine and ordered a glass of the Malbec. He got the Moscow mule which came in a cute copper mug, but I didn't get to try it.
We shared the fries and mac and cheese. The fries were thickly cut and came in a basket with an interesting sauce. I think it was sriracha mayo. I thought it tasted strange at first, but it grew on me and ended up complementing the thick fries well. I was really excited about the mac and cheese, but was underwhelmed. It was too dry for my liking. It's baked, with lots of bread crumbs cooked on top. Maybe it was the type of cheese that caught me off guard. I don't know what it was.  
I had the BL(fg)T sandwich, since I had read good reviews. I really liked the flavor. The fried green (fg) tomato is a nice touch. I put the pickles into the sandwich, which balanced out the flavors. The bacon and fried tomato can get a little heavy, it was nice to have the pickles to lighten it up. The sandwiches come with very thin fried potato slices/chips.They may be over fried, but I really liked the texture. 
Previous reviews had complained about service, but we didn't have any problems. Our waitress didn't check in on us much, but we were pretty low maintenance. Overall, average food and nice ambience. I'd definitely come back and would recommend it for a first date.Second time to visit this place while in NOLA. Their happy hour (3-6, 7 days a week) is outstanding. Great deals on bar food, cocktails and beer. Meat pies are the best! You get 3 for $4 during happy hour. Also ordered duck fat fries which were perfectly cooked- crisp on outside and creamy soft on inside. Love this place!Absolutely love this place! They have the best homemade hot sauce I wanted a bottle. I would totally come back here - you can't go wrong.OK, so maybe I'm missing something because I've read all the awesome reviews, and I just don't get it! I wanted to like this place, but can't say I did. Ambience, yes Wayfare had ambience in abundance, from the concrete floors to the wood ceilings, but I was hungry and concrete wasn't going to hit the spot. The food wasn't spectacular actually it was quite mediocre, and pricey for what it was. I wouldn't mind the price had it been as awesome as some reviews lead me to believe. Perhaps I ordered the wrong sandwich and soup choice! However I won't have the chance to find out as in the future I would only return to sit at the bar and have a few drinks. The wine was excellent!!My husband and I came here after an awesome Yelp event to get our nosh on.
We had the three-cheese cheese plate (we went with "chef's choice" rather than choosing ourselves) and I couldn't resist trying the meat pies.
The cheese plate was really, really good.  The chef brought it out and described each cheese.  It was a nice variety: a soft brie, a hard manchego, and an amazing bleu cheese.  All of the cheeses were excellent.  The plate came with candied pecans, pears, dried cranberries, and slices of baguette.
The meat pies were excellent and had a nice spice.
The chardonnay I ordered was fabulous.
I will be back to try the sandwiches, which were huge and looked delicious.
Also, I think they stole my iPod, because the music selection was awesome.I went today, and was very pleased with my meal. I ordered an aperol spritzer as a drink, and then for my entree ordered the Porchetta sandwhich on a pretzel roll rather than the hoagie roll they suggested. The pork belly in the sandwhich was paired amazingly with the salsa verde. I finished with the bread oudding beignets which were fantastic as well. Overall great meal, will defnitely be returning.Amazing. Food, service, and drinks are always good. The Knuckle is a solid go-to, and the Brussel Sprouts are a great appetizer. Love this place!Very good sandwiches. Skip the cheese plate.This is a popular place, with reason. It follows a fail-proof formula: good food at a good price.I really loved Wayfare! It is probably my new favorite place to eat on Freret Street!
You order at the cash register, sit down, and they bring you your order. The servers are very nice and friendly and they refill your drinks when needed.
It is very modern inside of the restaurant.
I have gone two times in the past week.
The first time I went, I got the Frito taco meat pies as an appetizer. They were really good and I liked the cheese dipping sauce it came with. The second time I went, I got the pork and shrimp meat pies. It tasted very similar to a fried dumpling you would get at a dim sum restaurant. I thought these were also delicious. it came with a soy sauce dipping sauce which went nicely with the the pork & shrimp meat pies.
The first time I went, I got the fennel sausage and egg sandwich.... it was AMAZING. I think it was my first time eating anything with fennel in it and I really liked it. The bell peppers and the sunny-side egg complimented the fennel sausage nicely. I also liked the bread that it came on. The second time I went, I got the prochetta sandwich. I was not as amazed by this sandwich as I was with the fennel sausage, that is why I did not give Wayfare 5 stars. The prochetta sandwich wasn't as hot as I expected it to be. I may have to try it hot pressed next time to change my opinion. It also seemed like they drenched the sandwich in some sauce and I was not a big fan of that.
The bread pudding beignet was delicious! It was the best of both worlds. it was fried like a beignet but it still had the amazing and yummy bread pudding taste.
Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for something new on Freret Street.Got the wayfare burger and it was delicious. Staff was very friendly and service was quick. Also located in a neat location to walk around.WORST SERVICE EVER. Maybe not ever, but definitely the worst that I have experienced in a long time. 
A friend and I went for an early dinner on a Friday night because their food looked good and they had a great happy hour special on drinks. We came in and the layout was seat yourself so we sat down at a table in the center of the restaurant, not in a back corner or an area that was hidden in any way. 3 separate servers walked by our table multiple times within a 10 minute period without a word or any attempt to bring us water or menus. I eventually had to get up and ask someone if we order elsewhere because I could not think of a reason for being completely ignored by staff at a restaurant. The woman I asked was rude and dismissive, completely unacceptable in that situation. 
Eventually we tracked down our waitress and got in our drink orders. We waited at least another 15 minutes for our drinks, including water. The restaurant was not packed by any means and she was not the only one working. Eventually we ordered and surprisingly, our food came out in a timely manner. 
I ordered the salmon melt and my friend ordered the chicken dijon sandwich. Her's was definitely the better choice. Our waitress did not come by once during our meal, we again had to track her down to order a second round of drinks. The only time we did not have to seek her out was when she was bringing the check. The one positive thing about this experience was a good, strong margarita. 
The reason I am only giving one star is for the absolutely atrocious service and simply mediocre food. I will definitely not be coming back to Wayfare anytime soon and I would encourage other people to seek out better restaurants in the New Orleans area, there is no shortage of them.I work hard to be absolutely fair about my reviews - I want to find good in NOLA eateries.  Therefore, I will start with the good here - the service was good and helpful an honestly, I love the local food vibe and atmosphere.  However, the review should be about the food... 
We just left and had a very very underwhelming meal.  We started with an order of two 'special sliders' and each had an entree salad (or so I thought).   Mine was the signature Wayfare salad and hers the tuna salad.  
Sliders - when you call something a slider and put two on the plate for 12 bucks, you ought deliver some substance.  Instead they were very messy an almost impossibly to eat stacks of a single slice of fried tomato and some breakfast gravy.  My wife didn't finish hers but I did as I was very hungry an anticipated a salad for my main.  Best part of the slider was the bun - great pretzel bun!
So onto the salad - hers was the tuna salad. It came with four very small slices of tuna and the balance was essentially a green salad. When I asked her what she thought her response was: "meh."  Not nearly the value touted in the menu and it suffered the same problems as mine. 
I had the Wayfare salad.  Meh would have been a compliment.  It was sold as containing tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, orange slices, olives and lettuce with a light orange citrus vinaigrette.  Here is the inventory of the salad (as it was so lacking I counted each piece):
Olive halves (calamata): 6
Tomato halves (grape): 6
Orange slices (mandarin):4
Mozzarella (fresh): 3 balls (this was appropriate)
The it was a bowl of under dressed romaine and that's it.  The server had up sold me on having salami because people sometimes want to add "substance". I did not realize how literal she would be.  Without that it would have been nearly nothing for my lunch. With that the price of the salad went up and I was barely able to get a lunch out of it.  
Again I try to be charitable and only review like this when I have and extremely poor experience. At $54 for lunch after tip it was just way too expensive for not much to eat. I would heavily advise this place is a "form over substance" place and is not worth the money. In so far as the service goes, she was excellent but I don't go to a place for the service alone they have to serve me food I will come back for.Had a great dinner at Wayfare. I had chicken Dijon Sandwich and sub chip for salad. This is one of the best sandwiches I have ever tried in New Orleans. Pretzel bun, arugula, olive, avocado and chicken combination was amazing! Very satisfying, great dish. I enjoyed their Sweet potato hot sauce on the table as well. I don't think I have tried something similar to that before. 
The dinning area as well as the full bar is very eye catchy and nice. Great for friends and date nights! Place has plenty of space to accommodate groups as well. 
Service was great too. The waitress came over multiple times to make sure that we were doing good. Food waiting time was reasonable as well
Can't ask for more from this place. Would definitely come here again. Shame on me for finally finding this place now!!I feel like I don't come to Wayfare often enough.  It's a great restaurant with a really great happy hour every day from 3-6pm.  At happy hour the wine and beer are half off and starters are also half off.  Their best kept secret is that have the best hot sauce around! It's their sweet potato habanero hot sauce. It goes with everything they serve plus they sell jars of it. You should definitely buy a jar, or a few and give them as gifts.  
I've always enjoyed my drinks here and the food. They had an eggplant melanzane sandwich once on special and I swear it's the best sandwich I have ever had. I wish they would make it a regular menu item.  
If you haven't already been to Wayfare give them a try, and I hope you enjoy it there as much as I do!My partner and I were very impressed the first time we went to this place and now we're going back almost every week. We always order off of the specials menu. Whoever is in the kitchen making this up has an awesome pallet and must love inventing new combinations; the specials may have some repeating ingredients but damn, each week we're very impressed! Some favorites off the specials, the sliders, often with pulled pork are amazing. These change up quite a bit and it's insane the flavor combos we've had. The other is a veggie option, the eggplant sandwich. Often you'll see one on the specials menu and they do this right! The meat pies on the specials menu are on point. They're like empanadas, but we don't always have the appetite for an entree. Never make it to desert. The beer draft selection is great and happy hour runs to 7pm. Can't beat that!Awesome food and service. Turkey sandwich was one of the best I've had- used local cheesemongers for 2 yr old white cheddar. This place has awesome beer and wine too. Sandwiches and salads. Good vibe.Had Wine and Brussel Sprouts @happyhour for less than $10! Brussel Sprouts were amazing!!! (The portion is pretty big!)This place just opened and it is quickly becoming one of my favorites. I have eaten there twice in the last week. 
Mac & Cheese: super cheesy, super delicious
Turkey Sandwich: Common sandwich but Wayfare does a great job of making it their own (add avocado). 
Porchetta Sandwich: absolutely delicious and highly recommended. 
The bread is something really remarkable. 
Check out the Bar Fare as well. Cheese and Meat plates looked great!Uptown is not easy to get to from the suburbs but the trip to Wayfare was 200% worth it. First I would like to say that i ate at the bar and the 2 girls there were great conversationalists. I had the Margarita sandwich, added soppressata, plus a side of the pork
Studded Mac n Cheese.  The sandwich was fresh and clean and the Mac was full of flavor.  Plus the house chips were perfect. The great staff suggested the sweet potato- habanero pepper purée was a great compliment to the chips. I work in the BOH and my friends always say that I am picky when it comes to eating out. That's true.  So after the meal, expensive, I have found a great place to bring my visiting friends and it's worth all the pennies!Loved everything about Wayfare!  I ordered the Reuben sandwich on gluten free bread.  Let me tell you this is a rare find to have an awesome gluten free sandwich.  I switched the sauerkraut for coleslaw on top of the sandwich, which was no problem.  I'm not a huge fan of sauerkraut.  I also bought some sweet potato habanero sauce to take home with me.  I'm from IL, but my brother lives in the Garden district.  I don't know if I would have ventured off of Magazine St. if my brother wasn't a local, but local or not, everyone should go visit Wayfare for lunch.Great happy hour. 50% off  bar and appetizers. Cant beat that my drink was yummy.  And my calamari was pretty good i left full.Being a vegan and eating in New Orleans can be challenging. Wayfare was knowledgable, friendly, and accommodating. Not only do they offer a hard-to-find variety of fresh and local healthy foods, but they are simply made and easy to tweak to be vegan. The staff was so helpful and checked-in with me several times to ensure I had exactly what I requested. What a great dining experience. The peanut butter and banana 'Elvis' special was to die for.Andrea is awesome. Ask for her. Best service in town. 
The food rocks. The drinks are yummy.This building looks like it is big, but it doesn't really have that many seats. On a Friday lunch we had to wait about 20 minutes for a seat (which really cuts into the lunch hour) and then service was a tad slow. All three of us ordered iced teas and mom and I opted for the Chicken Parm sliders while the sister got the Fried BLT. Each entree came with a side salad which was a surprise.
I didn't get to sample the friend BLT b/c it had onions on it (ewwwwwwww) but my sister seemed to enjoy it.
We also opted to order the Kurobuta Mac & Cheese to split amongst the three of us and it was delicious!
If the service was a bit quicker, it would be great. I asked for my check once the food came....and the check didn't come until way after I was done eating.
I also thought it was weird that my sister got her sandwich first....then 5 mins later I got my sliders....then 5 mins later mom got her sliders...
Who does that?Had to be one of the best places that I've went to in a while that had great drinks and flavorful food. The service was very nice. Very attentive and helpful with recommendations. I was with a group of friends and we just shared everything to try it. Drinks were cheap since it was happy hour. Food was delicious and we also decided to get dessert as well. The brownie was my favorite. If I give a place 5 stars they had to satisfy me all around. Service, appearance, food, & drinks. This place was up there on my list.I've been sitting on this review for a week and I think that I am going to go with 3.25 stars.
I really like this place. It has a cool atmosphere and the staff is super attentive and friendly. I went in and I was told to just seat myself. It's an "informal" kind of atmosphere; the menus are in a bucket on the table along with the forks and knives, which was oddly off putting.. 
I wasn't super hungry, so I just decided on a bowl of mac and cheese which was $5. It was really good, and if I go back that is probably what I will get. Looking over the menu, the sandwiches just seem kind of expensive to me., I caught a glimpse of other people's and they didn't look like anything overly special. I know I have to actually try one for myself. Maybe I am really missing out, but I was happy with my mac and cheese and that was that.Took my grandparents here when they visited from out of town and it was fantastic. The chef came out and talked to us enthusiastically about the specials and everything sounded very good. The white bean gazpacho special was delicious. And homemade pickles, mmmm. They are also usually an "order at the counter" place, but because we had a larger party and it wasn't super busy, they gave us table service. Very cute inside, great concept, and plenty of veggie options (plus everything is clearly marked!)I've tried:
mac and cheese - delicious and i LOVE mac and cheese. one of the best city and at only four dollars for a decent serving, not bad at all.
meat pies - ok, would order again. i think it's like six dollars for 3
sausage shaped like a burger and fried egg sandwich - good, filling, would rec'd sharing. i will likely order again.
fried green tomato sandwich and bacon? - good but not amazing. wish it was on a different bread that wasn't as thick
pork belly sandwich - good, but wish there was a little bit more meat and not as much bread
some salad that has bbq pork and pickled veggies with a coleslaw type of dressing. pretty good but a little expensive at ten plus dollars for the size. wish there was a little more lettuce. good with mac and cheese.
chips are made in house
they also have a sweet potato hot sauce like butcher. it's good but not as spicy and sweet as butcher's, but i still liked it and it taste good with the chips
fried apple fritters - good, i think it was served with ice cream. wish they had chocolate chip cookies for dessert or something a little smaller after those big sandwiches.
i still want to try a bunch of their small plates too.
It's the Butcher of uptown, not as good but worth going to and i plan to go back againEh, more like a 3.6.
Lunched there and overall, it was a good experience. We ordered the cured meat sandwich and smoked salmon salad. The sandwich did it's job by curing my empty stomach. Smoked salmon salad was also good. The smoked salmon was just okay, but the fresh cucumbers in the salad made it extra refreshing! 
One con: I was so looking forward to the squash soup because I loveeee soup, but was really disappointed when it came out! It was so salty, my throat burned every time I took a spoonful. I'm pretty sure all the cells inside my throat suffered crenation from that salty, hypertonic soup. I hate wasting food and was trying to finish it but HAD to call it quits because it was so salty. If they had just held back on the salt, the soup would have tasted amazing. 
Still, staff was friendly. I'd come again for lunch.The cocktails were delicious. We purchased the $30 flight and the presentation was beautiful. From the taste was refreshing and delightful. BUT the service was absolutely terrible. It took an hour for us to get our food. This is the only complaint that i have. And this is the reason why i gave it 4 stars. If the service was better thy would get a 5Last night at dinner I was thoroughly impressed not only with the food and wine and ambiance created by Wayfare, but also the knowledgeable staff and seamless service. Remarkable for a restaurant that literally just opened its doors. I wouldn't change a thing about my beet salad (bleu cheese had the right amount of zing and the dill was a refreshing addition) and my side dish of marinated yellow and red bell peppers was a mini flavor explosion (equal notes of sweet and sour). My favorite wine was a fruit-forward Spanish red wine by the glass (El seque Monastrell). Part of me doesn't want to spread the word about this amazing little gem - to keep it a secret so that I won't have to fight crowds for my future sandwich and salad needs. But that would be selfish. Go check this spot out. I will be returning very soon with family and friends.Came here based on the advice of some friends. I had to get take out since I couldn't eat there today. Looked at the specials for the day and decided on the beet sliders. On the menu, it was described as: Roasted Beet w/ Vidalia Onion, Goat Cheese, Toasted Walnut, Arugula & Shaved Red Onion, Apple Butter on Pretzel Roll with House-Made Chips and Pickles for $12. Seriously, who can pass that up?
Waitress told me 15-20 mins on the phone so I pulled up exactly 13 mins later. Went inside and paid without a hitch. 
So why only 3 stars? For starters, the sliders were actually cold when I ate them. Tossed haphazardly in the box, it was obvious it wasn't made with a lot of love. For $12 for two small sliders, I was expecting a little more pizzazz to the handling. 
Nonetheless, I bit into the sliders and did enjoy the freshness of the ingredients. Love the way everything tasted together. Since beets are a relatively new ingredient to me, I'm amazed by all the wonderful things people do with them! But the apple butter was kinda congealing on my sandwich which wasn't very appealing. 
Chips were obviously homemade (also cold- read no longer crispy) so that was a disappointment. Pickles were cut up and not the dill flavor I expected. It had a lot of sweetness to them and only consisted of 4 small slices. 
So honestly, my overall rating is 3 stars because of the originality of their dishes. And the flavors were great. But the price is high for the amount you get. (Inhaled my two sliders and chips and I'm still starving.) And who wants cold food when I timed the pick up so it would still be hot?
Maybe I'll go back with friends and dine in to see if this was a one-time thing. But I know I'm never getting takeout from this place again.If you're not good at waiting tables dude, then maybe you should be a bit more pleasant to interact w and not try to sit peoples next to a table with three children when the place is empty. Also dude bartender, if you're a manager, quit yelling at your server to run her food and do it for her. She's away she has food in the window. Be helpful not a douche bag. If the men keep ruining my experience, I'll have to stop coming here. Also, bring back the bar food and starters happy hour!!Wow - this little sandwich shop hits the nail on the head.
On the face of it mixing sandwiches and cocktails is not the most intuitive choice - low and highbrow in one - it really works when done well.
Went for a dinner recently and ordered a few drinks along with the fennel sausage and egg sandwich at the counter.  SO went for the italian meat sandwich. We also got some arancina from the bar snacks menu - fried risotto balls stuffed with mozzarella.  Took our number to the table and food and drinks arrived quickly.  The arancina were nice - although I caught a wiff of some mac & cheese going to another table that made me instantly wish I had ordered that instead.  The sandwiches followed and I was very impressed with both.  The fennel sausage and egg was a little difficult to handle but tasted superb and the italian meats were great - the quality of the house charcuterie exceeds its next door neighbor Ancora.
The cocktails (can't remember the names - 1 was a strawberry punch and the other whiskey based) complimented the food nicely.  Was a little worried about having to go back to the counter to order a second round but our waitress quickly offered to put the order in and bring a check to the table.
Definitely another great addition to the Freret Street restaurant rowThis is another great new spot on Freret Street that adds another restaurant twist to the block. It's an order up at the register place where the friendly staff brings you your food at your table. Great for lunch or dinner and the food is all excellent not to mention it's magnificent bar for a drink or drink and meal. A great new addition to New Orleans.I went there with coworkers for the first time yesterday after work. Great happy hour and great food. Service was wonderful, as well. I highly recommend a trip to Freret if you've never checked it out.This is a solid 3 1/2 stars. It's an order-at-the-counter type of classic deli, but with a bar and gourmet sandwiches. We had the Media Dia and the Porchetta (pork belly and carmelized onions), and the kids had the grilled cheese and chicken tenders. A bottle of wine to share was a decent Spanish blend ($26), bringing the total to $70. The Media Dia is a Cuban sandwich with beautifully seasoned pork shoulder, but the mayo was a bit too spicy for my Miami-trained tongue. It's a nice twist on the traditional, just be prepared for the spice. The kids food was gobbled down quickly, which as a parent is always nice to see your kids actually want to eat the food you've spent money for. The Porchetta was killer, and I would highly recommend it. The only drawback is that the servers and girls at the counter didn't know the menu well, so questions were met with a "well, I don't know, but I can go ask" kind of response. Friendly, but uninformed. Being their first day open, and a soft opening at that, it's hard to hold that against them too much. We'll definitely be back to check out the salads as some of those looked like excellent lunch options.This is my second time eating here and it's quickly becoming my favorite restaurant in New Orleans after living and eating here for 3 years. Michelle our server was absolutely spot on! Couldn't have asked for better service. Everything we've ordered has been amazing, sandwiches, entrees, and starters. Great cocktail menu and beer selection. Make sure to try the sweet potato habenero hot sauce. I've bought a jar both times. Keep up the good work, we'll be back!This was our first time in New Orleans, and we were around Tulane area trying to find a cute lunch spot when we happened upon Wayfare. It's cute inside, pretty casual but trendy, and has great service. I got the BL(fg)T, a BLT with fried green tomato. I never have had fried green tomato before and loved it, but the sandwich itself was just okay. My mom ordered the Wayfare Classic Breakfast, which included cheesy grits. Maybe it's just because we're from the North, but we looooved the cheesy grits. Wish we could find more of them up here! The biscuit was too dry and the jam was just okay, though. Overall, good place.Most in inattentive 2 bartenders I've ever experienced. Good selection of beer though.The Cuban is awesome, especially with the habanero sauce. Service was great, highly recommend.This is my third time coming here and so far, I have only been here for lunch and food are great. I have also noticed that they have a good variety of kids menu, which mean I will bring my kid here next time when I am in the area!
Service is nice and friendly. Quality of food is also good too. Their sandwiches are the best with great quality ingredients. However, it's a little pricey but it's worth the try once a while.This place is in rotation for my regular spots. It is doing all the small things right with delicious flavors to great specials and a very friendly staff.
I've officially tried all their sandwiches and I can recommend all of them but I enjoy the knuckle and the media dia the most.
Do yourself a favor and have a side of Mac it's the best in Nola.*vegetarian review*
Came here with 5 other people and both vegetarians left hungry.  They have a few veggie options but the sandwiches are on the small side, at least the caprese sandwich, and the wayfare salad while it was on a huge plate wasn't very big either.  The waitress was struggling with communicating and she didn't know the beers on tap or available and had to come to the table three times to tell us what we had ordered they were out of.  
I was looking forward to trying their tomato confiit bruschetta but it just tasted like cold canned tomatoes on bread.  Their bloody mary was excellent though.  Overall not the place for vegetarians to try out and with such poor service not sure I would take meat eaters here either.This is a good 3 star vote. They are new, so it's understandable that they have a few bugs to work out. 
On the upside, the food is pretty good. House made meats/pickles/sauces are all great. The meat pies had a distinctive Jamaican feel, their sandwiches are all great, the tomato soup is silky and rich, and the beet salad didn't skimp on the bleu cheese and pecans. Quite the tasty meal.*****
The mac and cheese(which is a big seller according to some of their cooks I talked with at a local bar later in the night) is okay. They were honest in the fact that they weren't expecting such a large rush, so they ran out of the normal cheeses. This lead to it not having a deep, sharp flavor. ***
The other odd thing was the way they have you order isn't so great for people that are used to eating out in NOLA. You're gonna be at a place for a few drinks, so ordering upfront when you walk into the door and then later having table service makes tipping a bit confusing. They have a tip jar at the counter, but I'm not gonna tip until I'm satisfied with my meal/service. I'm sure they'll get things figured out as they have only been open a couple of days. Also, no advertising or facebook page to get back in touch with them/promote them.***
The bad. A Dewar's on the rock is $7 and change. Have you ever tried Dewar's? At most it's worth an Abe Lincoln. They bring it to you in a shot glass as if we don't trust their pour, and then pour it over the rocks. Maybe it's about the idea of not wanting it to be too watered down by the time it get's to the patron. If that's the case I suggest using the large balls/blocks of ice instead of crushed ice. Their hand crafted drinks are good, but purposely unpolished. They ask what type of bourbon you'd like in an old fashioned, and then a second choice incase they don't carry that brand. Maybe it would just be better to have a standard version(maybe made with Maker's/Jim Beam), and let the customer decide to ask about using a more expensive type from your list of bourbons. Also, the odd chunks of pulp didn't do it for my buddy who ordered the drink. I love pulp, but there is a reason most juice is pulp free at the store. People don't like it. *I have been to Wayfare five or six times and I have never regretted any of my choices.
Their specials tend to be thoughtful and delicious.  The regular menu is full of great sandwiches.  The grilled cheese with breaded pork and chipotle tomato sauce with caramelized onions and guava butter on sesame seeded bread was really really great!  I have also really enjoyed the panko breaded risotto pancini appetizer.  My favorite dish ever was the Icebox Lemon Pie which was close-your-eyes good!  I will say though that, having had the Reuben today, I'll still go to Stein's for those.  It was good but Stein's is better.
One side note- their house sweet potato habenero sauce is delicious and you would think it was not really hot until you fill four dessert spoons in a row with it.  It catches up to you.This place is just straight up mediocre. Definitely not worth the price of dinner here. I'd only consider coming back for happy hour. They need to either lower their prices or raise the quality of ingredients they use.This place was wonderful. I wish I could remember her name but our waitress was on her A+ game last Saturday night. They make their own a fresh cut potato chips which is definitely something you need to order, they are delicious!! Our sandwiches and  kebabs were all cooked and made perfectly and were greatly enjoyed. We love everything.Been meaning to hit this place for a while and I finally got the chance for brunch. It's a little pricey, but the food was totally worth it. I got the pain Perdue (French toast). It was light and airy, very different from traditional French toast. The sauce was not too sweet and the stone ground grits were unbelievable. I tried the chicken biscuit as well and it was perfection. Can't wait to go back here again.The "Bacon & Eggs" slider was a real treat. Braised and smoked crispy Kurobuta Pork Belly with a deviled egg salad took this mental image of Bacon & Eggs to new heights. Unfortunately I ate it before I could take a photo. I was there between the rush so the chef was able to come out and chat. He insisted I have the bread pudding dessert to the point of sending one to the table. Boy am I glad he did. It too was a well known dish exceeding expectation!!!Went for tomato soup and grilled cheese. It was excellent. Waitress was attentive but not too pushy and quiet but fun atmosphere.  They did charge me like $10 for the grilled cheese, which is technically not a regular menu item but on the kids menu. They did me a favor and it was really good. I would suggest they have a tomato soup and grilled cheese special, it's an excellent combo.Had their pork belly Gnocchi... it was soo good and felt naughty eating it haha. Finished with bread pudding beignets, I've now died and gone to heaven. R. I. P. To me...Absolutely amazing for brunch, lunch and happy hour! Basically, if Wayfare is open and you're hungry, you should give it a try.Such great food and service. Love the pulled pork giardiniera salad. Nothing I've had has been less than top notch. A must do.This place is AWESOME. I love High Hat but this was WAY better. Can't wait to go back. I wish I could give it more than five stars. 
The menu looked so good the biggest problem we had was trying to figure out what to order. My wife and I ended up getting the pomme frites, Asian brussel sprouts, bacon mac and cheese, and the Knuckle sandwich to split. Tons of food but we couldn't decide. Everything we ate was amazing. We got the chicken tenders for my daughter and they brought out the best breaded chicken cutlets I've ever had. 
Great service, great food.Cheers to the only Cajun meal that I had this weekend. Wayfare is a wine hub, family restaurant, and foodie's mecca all rolled into one spot. It's in this cute historic, upscale, neighborhood and everything about the place from the sweet regulars that make conversation with you, to the natural light and rustic decor make you fall in love with it. I ordered the shrimp pasta and my sweet goodness gracious, it was such an extraordinary delight. The portion is so large that you can finish it over 3 meals (so for $23, that's a major steal) and the flavors from the light spices, peppers, shrimp, pasta, and other meats that are included all make it a hearty and tasty meal. Overall, I was blown away by the great food, people and pleasantly surprised when the manager sent me off with a sweet message and an invitation to come again. There's no doubt about it - I'll definitely be back here and would highly - 10/10 - recommend this place!No more fighting at this boxing gym as Freret Renaissance reclamation has transitioned the building to the next new wave of eateries on this street. However, the primitive aura of this former gym/boxing arena has been converted to a slick, bistro look similar to many these days.  Purple and green walls are topped by a ceiling of traditional floor treatment, polished wood, while the floors are a functional concrete.  The main dining room is overlooked by a towering light bulb sign, bearing the restaurant's name, positioned above the curing room's window.  My only fault with the look is the emphasis on functionality over aesthetics, especially at the entrance lobby plus the main dining room would be substantially enhanced/better served with a banquette along the main wall.  
Chef Kevin Smith, with great credentials, has elevated the sandwich based menu with unusual treatments of standards plus the ambitious addition of the largest number, usually 8-10, of varying daily specials across all menu categories. 
Let's start with the printed menu:
APPETIZERS/Bar Fare -
Arancini (fried, risotto balls) stuffed withj mozzarella and dipping sauce;  Mediterranean Olive medley; Meat pie(three fried crescents with dill dipping); Sliders; Cheese and Charcuterie boards ( I recommended a combo board).  The last four items of which are constantly changing and are exemplified in the daily specials menu later in this article.
SOUPS, another of Chef's pride items, include the overutilized Roasted Tomato & basil with chef's twist, including white wine and a du jour sampled on the specials menu.
Four SALADS are offered: a seared salmon or a gardiniere pork- both of which I have not sampled; signature, Wayfare, featuring a house pulled mozzarella (WOW), kalamatas, tomatoes, and seasonal blood orange fruit and drizzle; and, my favorite, roasted beet with maytag bleu cheese, spiced pecans and dill.
ENTRÉE SANDWICHES - 
The nine printed are paired with varied breads to really distinguish their look/contents.  The most popular, Knuckle, holds cold roast beef, shoestring potato crisps, and pickled red onion between the fab looking/tasting pretzel bun smeared with aioli horseradish.  The next most sold is the Media Dia (Chef's Cuban homage) filled with black forest ham, salami, orange mojo pork, swiss, jalapenos , charred onions, homemade pickles and yellow mustard.  Rolled, roast turkey has white cheddar, oven roasted tomato, red onion, spicy mayo and salsa verde aioli smear, between caraway toast. The remaining six of which I have not yet tried are: cured meats on pistolette; Porchetta (pork belly) on hoagie; pulled chicken Dijon on ciabatta; fennel sausage & egg on ciabatta; BL(fg)T(fried green tomato on 7 grain - note this features Chef's own sweet potato hot sauce to be retailed shortly; and, the Reuben on rye. Also, check out the specialties of the day menu to add two more sandwiches.
DESSERTS - Three on menu and also some on the specialties du jour menu:
Lemon Ice Box pie - a tasty dollop, thank goodness not too sweet; Hot Empanadas style Apple pie with vanilla ice cream; bread pudding beignets sprinkled with rum crème Anglaise and topped with blue berries- looking like a brownie.
As we earlier wrote, the following example from the day of my visit represents the expansive daiy list of specialties to supplement the menu: Apps - Boudin arancini; Coulibiac of Salmon Meat pie; brushettas of maytag bleu cheese & honey, tomato confit, and chick pea & hummus; Soups - gingery squash;  Sandwiches - Pear with apple onion chutney, walnuts bleu, arugula, red onion on focaccia  - sounds like a salad on bread, Mortadella topped by BBQ sauce coleslaw, cheddar on sesame seed Pullman, teriyaki salmon burger on brioche bun, Sliders - chicken Waldorf on pretzel bun; Desserts - goat cheese stuffed,  poached pear w red wine gastrique - a simple, but beautiful presentation and taste.
A good idea to end your sojoun @ WAYFARE!Wife and I went here yesterday.
Atmosphere was pretty cool but the whole order at the counter thing always throws me off a bit at restaurants like this.
Food was solid.  I ordered the Prochetta with a side of mac and cheese.  Sandwich was good and so was the mac and cheese.  Nothing stellar but good.  My wife ordered the Roast Turkey with a side of potato salad.  Again nothing stellar but it was good.  The chips served with the sandwich were gross.
Beer selection was solid.  Nice selection.  The wine selection I could give two craps about.  
The price was in my opinion on the higher side of what I would normally want to pay.  Came out to about $35.
Overall nothing really blew me away here and the price of the food didn't jive with the quality.  
I'm still going to give it a 4 star rating because why punish them because I'm a cheap ass.Had brunch there last Saturday. The chicken biscuit. Chicken was leathery and over cooked. Biscuit was dry. Over all not a very good experience. Will not be going back.Went to Wayfare with my daughter and a friend. Ordered the Cuban and the Vegetarian sandwiches. The Cuban is a hot panini style sandwich that the waiter described as "the best in Nola." It was a filling high quality sandwich but I thought the mustard flavor was overwhelming and dominated the flavor. Did not finish it. Would not order it again.
Had a couple of bites of the Vegetarian and I thought it was good with nice flavor. Preferred it to the Cuban despite the fact I have never ordered a "vegetarian" anything at a restaurant. Felt like the lunch was over priced and I wouldn't go back until I've tried several other places.After reading the reviews of this place I was pretty disappointed with my visit here.  I have celiac, so I was excited to actually get to eat a sandwich in New Orleans for once. We walked in and were seated right away. I asked our server which things on the menu were gluten free. She went to check and then came back and told me the macaroni and cheese was gluten free. I was super excited until another server came over and said that was not true. Then I ordered a sandwich on gluten free bread. When the food came, my sandwich was on raisin bread. I am not a fan. They should definitely specify on the menu that the gf bread is a sweet bread, and not a normal bread. Service was good, minus the false advertising of gf mac and cheese. Probably won't be returning.I had Wayfare cater an event for me this weekend and not only was the food DELICIOUS but the chef, manager and staff were incredibly nice and so helpful. They prepared all the food and had it ready for us during their busy dinner rush without any hesitation. We had the arancini balls,  meat pies and bruschetta and it was all amazing. Can't wait to go back and try their other menu items. Thanks Wayfare!I got the beet salad. It was really yummy. I was disappointed though that their Mac n cheese had meat in it (why do people do that?!) because the photos on here looked so good. #vegetarianptoblems :/
Atmosphere was cool. Not crowded at all on a Sunday afternoon. They had drink specials, but I stuck with water.Awesome Service, Ambiance, Food and Bar!  Perfect place for lunch, after dinner cocktails or a date night.  Mac and Cheese is delish and home made pickles are tasty!The roast turkey and Knuckle sandwiches are very good. A butternut squash grilled cheese sandwich was just okay. It was hard to actually taste the cheese and the bread was not crisp.This experience and food was sooooo disappointing. Saw the wonderful reviews for brunch and wanted to eat here- but was only available to come for dinner.. First off, the place was empty, which was not a good sign. The server couldn't even open a bottle of wine, obviously young and had no experience. My husband had to do the task.  She recommended nachos, which were very salty and had a ton of jalapeños and red onions on them. Hardly any cheese. Had to request extra side of cheese. Would not recommend this dish. My husband ordered a burger which he prefers to eat medium rare- -came out well done +, I ordered tomato basil soup and a margarita sandwich, Sandwich was good. The soup was just ok. College kids came into the bar and were very loud.  Staff drinking off of the tap beer fountain. Football Sunday and they had the Simpsons on TV and not the football game. Only three tables eating on a Sunday night.  When  I finally have a "day off" I want to have a memorable meal. This at best- was "carnival food". Sorry we wasted our time here and will not be back. Would not recommend. As leaving, passed by the High Hat Cafe and they were beyond packed and busy...We would of had a better meal and ambiance if we just stayed at home. I see a lot of good reviews on here- but apparently these people have never come on a Sunday night- stay away....And by the way- there is a post below this one with a picture of nachos- our looked nothing like that picture, it only came with jalapeños, red onions and a little cheese..Great lunch spot, especially if you plan on having a cocktail or two. Menu is amazing at first but gets repetitive if you live in the neighborhood.Awesome food as always! I highly recommend the BLT, which has a fried green tomato on it.Another regular spot I go to...
Next to the food, the other thang I really like about here is the napkins..  They're quality!  Enough to start a list ;)
Lately, it has gotten a little more formal in that you use to be able to order / pay at the counter, take a number and call it a day.. 
Now they sit you down, bring the menus, the whole production.  To be honest I preferred the old procedure.
Albeit, my standard "go to's" are the Knuckle sandwich.  I also enjoy the Cured Meats...
Their "specials" are usually very good also.
This is a solid place to go for lunch.We have been here twice and each time it was good.  The service is friendly and quick and the food is creative and tasty.  What a great find, we will sure be back.  
The Mac and Cheese is creamy and delicious, the sandwiches are flavorful and filling.Incredible food. Specialty cocktails are unique and delicious. Lots of different beers on tap to try.Hands down THE best BLT I've ever laid my lips on...and that my friend is a very long list. The kickers are the fried green tomato and the house-made sweet potato hot sauce - OH MY GOD it's good!! The textures and flavors blend to perfection...even the bread is specially selected. They use Kurobuta bacon which is apparently the Kobe beef of bacon (I think the pig goes to a spa immediately before sacrificing it's life for my sandwich so it dies happy). At any rate, I will die happy if I can score a BL(fg)T  from the Wayfare as my last meal. Oh, the beer selection was great too - I had a nice stout.
We took our bikes on the bus from Canal St. and rode about 1/3 of a mile to the restaurant on  Frerret. After lunch, we rode out to Audubon Park intending to take the bus back and keep our overall ride down to about 5 miles. Well, we were misdirected about where to catch the bus going rhe opposite direction and ended up riding all the way back to the Treme which made for a very long ride - and I would do it all again for this sandwich from heaven.The "old" Freret Boxing Gym has been turned into an open inviting space that to me both preserved the ethos of what that blessed business (service?) once stood as a gateway for and, with its minimal pretense and well-spent decoration dollars refuses the "holier (or whiter) than-thou"-itude of many of its "NF" neighbors.  I brought my dog and sat outside, but inside the interior was clearly designed not only to proudly display the foodstuffs, the pristine and fervent (and surprisingly technical) work buzzing in the open kitchen, but with a wide open bar (big enough to hold plates and drinks but also usable for whatever lagniappe multitasking people and/or slobs like to get into) the whole space invites you to really pay attention to what's on your plate.
The duJour ("Dujour means Friendship."  Full Dis: i've known the Chef for about a decade.) soup was a yellow split pea which, aghast, made my pea-hating compatriot regret ordering the not-to-be-disparaged regular offering of Tomato Basil.  Good portions of great, thick, and fresh soup.
Next to arrive: a pairing of Boudin and Ratatouille Balls, fried with love and as good as any other good fried ball you might think is good.  That last sentence is kind've an insult, honestly, but that's the closest to a negative comment i can make.  Both were  paired with some sort of sauce, but i cannot say that i tasted either before all the balls were in my mouth.
Pies followed.  I believe the chef makes a daily selection variant on the classic nola meat pie, but i'm unsure if the regular menu pie if there is one was served.  The two we sampled displayed quite eloquently many of the things i have over the years discussed as the beneficial traits the Chef here employs.  One pie was filled with the classic pot sticker.  Fresh garlic, ginger, minced pork, some other asian stuff maybe- this was the essential Jowza in mini-pie form.  Like Chess: these flavors are simple to learn to construct, but when a master at such art puts her hands on the bishop...  I don't know where that metaphor was going but NOMNOMNOM.  The other pie illuminated another spectrum of this Chef's capabilities:  A Russian-pallete in origin flavor spectrum, but Frenched up for a taste profile that does't insist you be snowbound or pumping vodka through your bloodpipes.  The natural combo of Dill and Salmon, minced meat pie style with garlic and yummy textured tidbits of garlic and aromatics and tendrils of the fresh herb that masterfully not only bound the pre-maw tastes together but softly contrasted the well-precticed pie crust binding it all. This pie, while not for all in our region, demonstrated not only the blatant technique the Chef made me note him for at first long ago but also a simple thing (as the rest of our feast would prove) that people such as Chang and the fat ginger with the dumb shoes employ to make them greater than the sum of their parts: History.  Knowledge of why the food and not simply that the food exists, and an employment not only of that technique and understanding but the application of a dialogue with the patron they are cooking for...  You might note some yelpers do not understand that they simply do not understand certain cuisines, or certain ingredients, or why there is sometimes a different kind of pepper or pickle instead of that Sysco one they get everywhere else.  To (mis)quote the great PSY:  "Above the running man there is the flying man...  Yeah baby, I'm a man who knows some things..."  I don't even like dill.
The pernt at WAYFARE is sammiches.  Check out their actual website so i don't have to repeat their very honest proclamation emblazoned there.  We had five of them:
   Toasted Reuben:  This is a personal taste note not a criticism, but i like my reubens Carnegie style so i wanted more meat.  It's not like there wasn't enough meat: there was, but I'm an Irish Carnivore so I prefer excess with my corned beef.  The textures, however, even with "appropriate-amounted" flesh, is resonant.
   Prochetta:  Pork belly cubed with all the good parts intact and laced together with caramelized onions.  At the end of the meal one quarter of this sandwich remained.  Still i pulled the yummy cubes of oink tummy off the bread one by one...  Then i ate the bread anyway.  After Desert.
   Cured Meats: In-house cured sausage shavings pressed together with in-house pickled peppers on a pistolette with a salty bottom and a refresh top providing a classic deli-to-mouth succulincia...  This was the second-most perfect sandwich we tried.
   Cuban:  Perfect.  So perfect after all four of us ate some, we still couldn't figure out which one it was because every other Cuban in this town is shit, apparently.  I don't even like pickles.
   Knuckle.  Minced Roast beef (see my Mahoney's review) with a taste of the H-Rad on a Pretzel bun.  This sandwich literally gave me an erection. Murder-good.
Pretty sure God has something to do with what's happening at WAYFARE.My husband and I came to eat and we were WOWed! He got the Ruben and I got the roasted turkey sandwich along with duck fat fries with THE BEST spicy aioli and coolants greens. My husband absolutely loved their special made inn house hot sauce "sweet potato habanero". As we were walking out we noticed they had the hot sauce on display for sale. As I turned around to tell my husband we should buy some the owner Vince walked up, grabbed a bottle and said to me "here it's on the house" I couldn't believe it. It's the small things that count and it was just a small, generous act of kindness like that that will keep me coming back as well as telling everyone I know! Thanks Vince!!!!Great Place in the Garden District to get a great sandwich and a drink. One of the best gastropubs in New Orleans.I've been through Wayfare a few times for lunch or dinner, but their happy hour is what keeps bringing me back. Daily specials on meat pies, $4 draft beer and and $3 off signature cocktails, plus delicious meat pies and arancini (both of which change daily).
Their Reuben is delicious. Try it with an egg. The daily sliders are also ridiculously good.The Roast Turkey sandwich and sweet potatoes were excellent! The food was very filling and worth the price.We just left because we couldn't get anyone to take our order. The waiter was far more interested in chatting up the waitress than he was in working. When he did come by, he looked at us several times as he passed. Then he quickly returned to the waitress. The only person who seemed to work was the bartender and she couldn't do it all by herself.Thoroughly enjoyed our meal here!! Cool atmosphere with a great happy hour from 3-6. All appetizers and drinks are 1/2 price. Get the margarita!! It is amazing!!! Also had the Mac and cheese, cheese plate, risotto balls, meat pies, duck fries, Waldorf salad and gnocchi (not all for me, the table shared!) all were delicious!! For all this and 4 drinks our bill was $87!  Can't beat that in the city. Will definitely be back since they change there menu often.Second time I've been here because I know this place will always be a crowd pleaser with its simple elegant take on salads and sandwiches. 
We had a party of 12 of a rainy weeknight and were easily accommodated, but I still have them a heads up right before we left. We had one server for our whole table, but he did a great job with being attentive and not obtrusive.
I ordered the pork belly old fashioned, which was one of the best new kind of old fashioneds that I've had bc it was really smooth with a hint of smoke and a great balance of citrus and acidity. I also had a Streetcar- I'm assuming it's their version of a Sidecar, which was good, but I didn't care for the nutmeg rim on the glass- but that's a personal preference.
We ordered the tuna cebiche on a tostada and it did not disappoint! Beautifully presented and a great mix of flavors! Also had the duck rillette with mustard on the side- also wonderful. Last app I had was the beef stroganoff empanadas, which were good but a little disappointing because I was intrigued by the stroganoff twist to the traditional empanada, but those flavors never came through.
I then ordered the Kubota Mac and cheese which came out gooey and bubbly with a breadcrumb crust. Yum. Topped with a heavy dousing of their house made habañero sauce, it was perfection!!
My porchetta sandwich was good, but I was so full by that point, I don't think i could really enjoy it and do it justice!I came here visiting from baltimore with a group of 14 ladies.  We had a very bad experience next door so we left and came here. Amazing atmosphere! Amazing food! Accomodating, warm, inviting, friendly! when we came in we were going to sit at the bar but the bartender suggested we sit at the dry bar  so we could face each other. Cody took very good care of us! The manager even came out and introduced himself and made sure we were good! Best $415 we ever spent!! We didn't even realize the wait for the food but it's because they prepare everything fresh! Everyone had a great time.  We are all full and satisfied!I got the charcuterie board and it was one of the most pleasant smoky meaty delights I've had in a long while it's a must eat for someone seeking home smoked meats and other great treatsSchmeh. My tomato basil soup was sickeningly sweet and I did something I never do--sent it back. The waiter didn't offer me anything else and then charged me full price for it. My collard greens were better, but pretty average. My fiance's pulled chicken Dijon sandwich was also very bland. 
This was my 2nd time at Wayfare, and I remembered it being better. Maybe it was just an off night? Disappointing.We just walked out! Was seated, waited for 10 minutes, no server acknowledged us. As we were leaving hostess said "have a good night". Told her no one waited on us. She just laughed. Pitiful.I was blown away with my sandwich! The Media Dia was an absolutely home-run on the gluten-free bread. I dipped my chips in the sweet potato habanero sauce on the table, which was also incredible. To top off an awesome meal, the Pork Belly-Infused Old Fashion went down smooth.
The restaurant cures its own meat and makes its own pickles. This really stood out to me!I recently visited this place on an early Saturday evening for drinks and dinner. There are a lot of options on Freret street and I've dined at most of them and wanted to try a new place. The place was spacious and if you've dined at similar restaurants along this strip, at peak times the noise level can be difficult. The service was very friendly and my dining partner and I had a few of the cocktails. I'm a cocktail fan/snob and I like simple drinks that are well balanced. Many of the cocktails on the menu are vodka cocktails, which for true cocktail fans, this might be a turn off. The Cucumber Cooler had a lot of ingredients and while it was refreshing, it didn't have much overall flavor. The base was Hendrik's gin with club soda, simple syrup and cranberry juice. I chose an Aperol Spritz afterwards which I enjoyed: Aperol, club soda, twist of lemon, perfect! The menu has a lot of great options that are sharable and reasonably priced. The star of the evening was our shared gnocchi with sweet potato puree. It was very good. Overall I had a good experience but with so many similar dining options available in New Orleans and especially along this street, this is hard to stand out as something I would return to.Alright so this was the second time my husband and I have been brought to Wayfare by a friend who is a local. My husband made a great observation while we were there: "Is there anything bad on this menu!?" Doesn't seem that way!! We enjoyed The Knuckle and Media Dia with a side of mac'n'cheese and we were not disappointed. Paired with a gin & tonic and Wayfare margarita, it was a dinner fit for royalty. Love the atmosphere, casual but sophisticated. The servers and bartenders are very friendly. Will definitely be visiting again, and definitely recommend for lunch or dinner.Like many of my fellow yelpers I was excited to try this place and upon walking I was even more excited by the hip-fun interior. The service was excellent which really goes a long way In my book lately after having numerous service issues lately at other random establishments. The food came out very fast which at lunchtime is a perk for those at work on a time crunch. Now onto the food itself. The margarita sandwich was just ok not as good as I expected and partly due to the bread it was served on which was like a spongy subway loaf although the homemade chips were dam good. I figured this place would have a quality bread so that left me a bit disappointed. A friend tried the tomato soup along with the meat pies and was very pleased with both.  So although this place was a soft 4stars it has a lot going for it and I will be back for more.Had the Pulled Chicken Dijon (deep and flavorful chicken salad, but not like any chicken salad I have ever had) and the the Wayfare Salad (delightful salad dressing with fresh basil). Delicious.
Looked very dark inside when we walked up at lunch, and I wondered if it was closed, but it wasn't! My only complaint is how noisy it is! All hard edges and high ceilings made it hard to hear my companion (hence the 4 stars, not 5). Very nice and professional staff. will come back!Great atmosphere in this gem on Freret Street in New Orleans. Really enjoyed, what I would consider, one of the best BLT's I have ever eaten served up to me today at this dynamite spot!The best sandwiches I have ever had in my life, excellent waitstaff, and delicious cocktails. This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Outstanding.Loved this place. Excellent salads and great service. Cocktails were the best we had in Nola... (Pretty strong as well but don't mind that) And great value for money !! Great place!!Good service, fairly priced beer selection, and the sandwiches are quite good. The brussel sprouts were also very good, so I recommend those. Apparently their happy hours have some good specials, so I'll have to come back.ABSOLUTELY SPECTACULAR FOOD! I have never had a bad meal here, the food is incredible!Easy 5 stars. I don't even have to think about it, but I do have this burning need to let on to my fellow yelpers as to why Wayfare warrants such accolades!
Enter the warmly lit double storefront restaurant and order your food at the counter. Generally, I prefer getting full service where a server takes care of you from start to finish. But wait! This is not a criticism of Wayfare, because if every restaurant was able to handle the whole "order at the counter" thing with as much aplomb, I'd be more inclined to like it. They are fucking pros! You walk in, you're greeted. There's no lingering in the doorway, no searching for the hostess, waitress, bartender to lead the way (this actually happened to me a couple years ago in Lawrence, KS at a place where you had to have the bartender give you directions on how to find the counter where you placed your order).
We were asked if it was our first time there and were immediately shown the different menus with daily specials, cocktail menus and the chalkboard with all the regular menu items. While we read the menu items, Chef Kevin came out to talk about the restaurant's concept and also to answer any questions we might have. How awesome is that? I gather that this happened because we were Wayfare newbies, and I think it's a really nice touch. Everything on the menu sounds mouth-watering and vegetarians note that all selections that are for us are marked with a V. I believe I also saw some GF items, but even if that's not the case, they will take care of just about any dietary need, according to the Chef. 
What especially caught my eye is that they make a special arancini daily. If you grew up in an Italian household, you know what these babies are: RICE BALLS!!!  They have a special one every day and last night's came with a slightly sweet marinara sauce. Although the rice balls I'm used to are the size of a baseball, Wayfare's are a more manageable (and delectable) size of a ping pong ball. Perfectly fried, not at all greasy, filled with just the right amount of cheese. I don't use this word ever, but it's kind of justifiable here: amazeballs!
I also had a bruschetta app off the bar menu: one with hummus/chickpeas, one with blue cheese and a slight drizzle of honey and one with tomatoes and basil. This bruschetta blew mah mind, I tell ya!!! In fact, I'm still thinking about it and I may even been drooling on my keyboard as I type. The hummus/chickpeas is a delight, but the bleu cheese, which I've never had on bruschetta before, was the star of the trifecta. I don't know what kind of bleu cheese it was but it was divine-- just the right amount of semi-soft crumbles and the little bit of honey really brought out the tangy taste. 
My guy had a sandwich that I am not going to bother to name, because he made so many changes to it, that it didn't resemble the original. I make mention of it only to note that they will gladly change ingredients for you to allow for you to have the sandwich of your dreams! This one was a take on a cubano, but my guy hates pickles and asked for them to be left out (I know, I know... Travesty). He also asked for Creole mustard instead of yellow (this, of course, makes sense). The sandwich came out and was made to his specifications, and according to him -not to mention his lack of talking for the entire duration of the time it took to eat the thing - it was extremely good. I had a bite of his side of mac and cheese and although M&C ain't my thing, this is as good as you're gonna get anywhere!
Finally, be sure and order yourself a cocktail or three off that creative list. I had a Pear 75 and it's as good as it sounds. I love pears. I love Champagne. Surely a no brainer there. They also have some kind of pork-infused bourbon drink that caught my eye because I have a friend or two that would die over such things.
I love what they did with the space, from the name in lights above meat hanging on hooks (OK that looks cooler than it sounds) to the natural wood accents and Edison bulbs hanging from the ceiling. There are hi tops and low tables alike, which makes the restaurant seem extremely spacious (a rarity in old cities like NOLA and NYC where space is a precious commodity). It's very welcoming and comfortable and I could easily spend hours here over small plates and cocktails. They will tend to your table and see if you need anything so that you don't have to go up to the counter again.
One final shout-out for the homemade habanero sauce!!! You can buy it by the bottle (I can probably consume it by the bucket). I think that almost every single condiment, garnish etc is made in-house. I even got to try some of the housemade pickles (and next time will get them on a sandwich, no doubt). You gotta appreciate all the attention that goes into what comes out of the kitchen. Major, major props to them
How much do I love Wayfare? Looks like I'll be spending a lot more time Uptown again. This place does it all right. Utter PERFECTION!3.75/5 tasty and yes.
i know folks have mixed thoughts on the freret-revolution these days (is that what i should call it?), but i had a great meal at wayfare.
the sandwiches are all crafted in house, which is props to them in itself. they have begun to cure meats in the back area, so you can see exactly where your tasty munchies have started. i ordered the porchetta, and it was really tasty - the salsa verde added a nice cream to the crunch of the hoagie. the meat itself was a little too fatty though, i chomped on a few pieces of straight up fat, so i'd probably opt for another choice next time. my friend got the media dia (read: cochon du lait), and it was pretty tasty and sizable. i also had the quinoa side, which had a kimchee taste (that's my best guess). finally, we rounded out the meal with the apple pies and vanilla ice cream, which to me, sealed the deal. i know, it sounds soooo boring, but trust, after a tasty meal sometimes you need something solid and old fashioned to wrap it up!
the price can be a bit of a drawback, but considering it's all done in-house, i'd pay for it as a treat-meal. the pay when you order option was a little confusing, so i'd say just "keep it open" when they ask in case you choose to grab more once you're at the table (which happened to us). finally, i hope they adjust the lights. the fluorescent from the kitchen, the bright bulbs from the outside, and the huge sign in the back all kinda mess with the light quality in the room, which can just be a little jarring every time you look up from the noms on your plate.
ps. if you're ever in the sf/oakland area, catch the porchetta guys at the ferry building in sf or at the oakland farmers market by lake merritt. THAT is an awesome porchetta ;)this place is excellent. I ordered the Reuben which was superb. the sandwich came with homemade chips that tasted very good. the aesthetic reminds me of some of the local restaurants in Santa Monica, CAThis used to be one of our favorite restaurants uptown, and a "go-to" staple for us since the food was delicious and our kids loved the kids menu options. However, they have recently removed the kids menu and now a plain hamburger with nothing on it (that only includes chips) costs $14!!! If the message is they no longer want families with kids dining there, then message received loud and clear.Highly upset I have not been getting the BL(fg)T all this time. Today was probably my fourth visit and I got the BL(fg)T. It was heavenly. I will only be getting this deliciousness from now on. (Other sandwiches are good too, but this one is my absolute favorite.)
Our server was great. My friend J ordered a lemonade but the server came back and told us that they were out of lemonade. Then later he showed up with a lemonade. What?! I don't know what happened there but J didn't complain.
Hadn't been here in a while and today was a great experience. Wayfare is going back on my list of regular options.Was so impressed by this place! I ordered the Media Dia sandwich and was blown away! The server's name was Cody and was great! He even served me first, as the only woman of the table, which was pretty thoughtful. I also got a side of Mac n Cheese that was freakin' delicious, and the tomato basil soup which was also superb. A great atmosphere too! Modern interior with ample seating and a bar. Will be coming back for sure!Another great New Orleans restaurant. Good here is great. I came here for brunch. And I plan on making their lunch times next time I am in the city. 
Had the bacon Mac and Cheese. It was f@&&ing incredible!!  Afterwards, I ended up getting the grits and that too was amazing. After that, I pretty much blanked out because the deliciousness of everything here became overwhelming. 
Pretty average restaurant vibe, but who cares. The food makes up for it all. The service is great as well. So I can't complain there. Great Food, Great Service, zero complaints. 5 out of 5. Easy.This place is exceptional! Sunday brunch and that fried chicken over biscuits with sausage gravy over it... delightful!Came here the other day for the first time. I really like the place! Tasty salads, sandwiches, and drinks in a comfortable environment. Kind of fancy and a little pricey, but worth it.One of my favorite sandwich place in NOLA and I can't wait to be back.  This is an order-at-the-counter place and the staff are super friendly and point out their latest cocktails and specials. I had the chicken Dijon and my friend had the Porchetta (pork belly). The porchetta is one of their most popular according to the woman who took our order at the counter and I will be getting that the next time. Also, amazing homemade habanero sauce on every table that goes with the chips.  I'm pretty sure you can buy a bottle (I would like a whole crate of it)
In addition, the ambiance here is great. Not like other places in NOLA that have spectacular food but a run down look. Wayfare has fantastic food and a very modern trendy feel.I already loved Wayfare. Just have to say it. Everything's exceeds expectation but the Knuckle sandwich is my favorite. This weekend I tried their Portuguese Man of War poboy at the Oak Street Poboy Fest. Amazing combination of flavors. With hundreds of food options, I went back for a second helping at Wayfare. I hope they add this creation to the menu!Porchetta Sandwich and Lentel soup with fennel sausage was excellent...  
Thanks for the great service; I'll be back!Great lunch or light dinner spot with amazing specials. Order off the daily specials menu, you will not be disappointed.That little stretch of restaurants on Freret has so many good ones and Wayfare is no exception.  I've heard comparisons to Cochon Butcher, which I could see, but Wayfare is still its own animal.  As far as deli sandwiches go, they offer some of the tastier creations in the city.  On this visit, I ordered the knuckle sandwich with a passion fruit ginger ale.  The knuckle sandwich (which is just ripe for puns) contains cold roast beef that has been pulled and mixed with horseradish aioli.  This chicken salad-like consistency was unexpected and I found really interesting by itself, but it was also topped with pickled red onion, shoe string potatoes and arugula on a pretzel bun.  I'm a budding bread connoisseur and this pretzel bun was fantastic; it had no salt but it still retained its pretzel flavor and with a hint of sweetness.  All in all, I couldn't have asked for a better sandwich and I haven't even tried any of the unique cocktails they have a their chill little bar.  Wayfare has a lot to offer and is a solid 4 stars.  However, I have a feeling another lunch of this caliber from here will bump this place up to 5 stars in my book.The happy hour for this place was quite the steal! The half priced cocktails give you an opportunity to taste their special drinks that were specifically put together for Wayfare. I loved the Peach 75! They also had a great selection of craft beers on tap and in the bottle.
We had a few of their changing daily special to start. Bruschetta was the only thing I can't rave about
The porchetta sandwich was fabulous. It was also incredibly filling. I ate half before actually desiring to take the other half to go. It held up well for the ending of the evening drunk feast.
I'll definitely be returning the next time I'm in town.Stopped here for some lunch and got the rueben and my fiancée got the cuban. Both delicious, highly recommend.We were anxious to try out Wayfare.  Very disappointing.  We had the Reuben (very sad looking), Porchetta (add mustard) & Curry Chicken Salad (drippy) sandiwches.  They were out of several breads and had to substitute.  Lighting is too dim in the afternoon.  Service was mediocre at best.  Don't think we'll be back.Another interesting, high quality restaurant on this little oasis on Freret.  
Dinner on Saturday evening, tables were about 2/3 filled.  
Kind of a Dat Dog service model - place an order at the bar when you walk in and everything gets delivered to the table.  The menu is interesting, takes a while to get through, so it feels a little rushed picking out meals, sides and drinks.  However, once you order, find a place to sit and enjoy the ambiance.  
Interesting decor.  High end ceiling more suited to a ball room rather than a restaurant - I'm guessing this was left over from previous occupant.  Kind of stark decor - galvanized HVAC duct work sticking out in the air and bare concrete floors accented by weather board wainscoting.  Nice furniture, very nice bar, effective lighting.  It reminds me a little bit of Ancora next door.  
Drinks came quickly.  Interesting that bottled drinks didn't come with glasses.  Not a problem for us, but a nearby table had young children drinking out of bottles.  Bottles, kids and concrete floors - what's wrong with this picture?
Sandwiches and sides followed shortly after the drinks.  Wow, these are a meal.  We tried the knuckle, roast turkey and the potato salad.  The sandwiches are exceptional, fresh ingredients, lots of them and fantastic bread.  These are really a meal.   I also liked the home made potato chips.  A lot of times they are too greasy and overcooked, these were really good.  The potato salad texture was a little creamy for me, but a good taste, I would order it again.  Not up to Chef's Ron's standard,  but a long way from that takeout salad that is delivered in the 5 gal buckets.   
You can order from the table once you are seated, drink refills were timely.  Lots of help circulating the floor which was nice.  
I will definitely be back.  $40 for two, drinks and tips included.   A little on the expensive side, but worth it.This place is deff one of a kind. The food is absolutely delicious always fresh and tasty. I had the assorted bruschetta which is just great to eat alone or to share, the ahi tuna salad, which is just the right amount of tang. The sliders of the day whether they are the carolina pulled pork, chicken parm, or the gravy breakfast ones are always a smart choice. The mac and cheese side might be my favorite in town! I suggest this place for anyone!Great service! Nice staff. Ordered the Ginger-Acai martini. For those who like ginger, it is a must! 
Mac n cheese for the win! !!! It is a must! Definutely on my list of good mac n cheese.Great spot for brunch and dinner. The croque Madame is amazing and is perfect for a hangover. Their lunch turkey sandwich is not on the brunch menu but you can order it if you ask - it's great and the 7 grain bread is a favorite. Highly recommend this restaurant.Love this place, especially the goose fat fries with that sauce!! Omg!! And they do the best brunch on the weekends. This place will always be a regular go to.Love this place! They always have the best specials, and I particularly love the vegetarian options.This restaurant opened in the former gym on Freret.  If you aren't in the mood for traditional NOLA food and want a sandwich that isn't a po boy then this place might fit the bill.  They have sandwiches, salads, meat pies, cheese plates and a few other items with some daily specials.  You order at the counter and they give you a number and then bring your food to you so not exactly table service.  They have a bar with a weirdly positioned TV that seems more for the benefit of the kitchen than the patrons.  They have a cute crew of ladies working the front of house that are pretty attentive to drink refills.  This place certainly seems to have potential but they still seem to be taking it slow and haven't come close to meeting their full potential yet.  The sandwiches are decent but for the price I would rather have a po boy.  For a sandwich and iced tea you will spend $15-20 that comes with a side of chips.  The best way to describe this place is that its the Uptown version of Cochon Butcher with much better seating.Hubby and I was greeted instantly.Our server Kelly was amazing. She wore many hats today . She was our Hostess , Food Runner , and Server. She was like NASCAR. She gave excellent service with a smile. Thank you , Kelly !!!!Wayfare has a nice interior, and the Margherita sandwich is delicious! I was actually surprised at how much I loved it because I typically enjoy some type of meat on my sandwiches!  I can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu!I'm not giving Wayfare five stars because there are minor details that appear to be getting sorted, but this is one of the strongest openings I've seen in a restaurant. The kitchen is killing it.  There is no "getting up to speed" here.  The menu is inspired and execution is flawless.  It is unusual to find this level of creativity at a price point this low.  The wait staff is very attentive.  They seem to be finding a rhythm and adding some warmth and friendliness.  The beer selection is fairly large and solid with a few selections off the beaten path enough to interest a beer hound.  A nascent cocktail program seems poised to launch.  Everything is either already finely tuned or getting there rather quickly.  It is great to see another restaurant coming onto the Freret scene to turn up the volume on casual dining.I came here after a few cocktails at Publiq House one night, so I was certainly ready for some food.  I ordered a glass of wine, a cheese plate for the table and the salad with salmon.  Some of our table wasn't ordering food, so it makes sense that our waitress wasn't "all the way with us" if that make sense...  nonetheless, it's never a good thing when people sitting down at the table walk to the bar to grab a refill of a drink.  My salad was really good, though a bit overpriced for the portion of salmon I received ($14).  I truly didn't mind though, because I'm a smaller portions kinda girl anyway.  Next time, I may get a sandwich though because they're about the same price and I could probably get two meals out of it.  Overall, a fine experience.Absolutely delicious! This food is addictive. Within 3 hours of leaving there, I wanted to go back and eat more. My family loved it when they came and visited. They make everything fresh and the recipes are extremely creative. You need to check this place out!Went here with my parents for lunch during the weekday, and we all had a great time. I dig this set up, similar to Company Burger and other casual gourmet joints in town. You order and pay at the counter, and take a number so that someone can bring out your order. The staff was really sweet and helpful, with fast service.
My mom and I got the roasted turkey sandwich, and my dad got the Reuben. We all shared a side of mac and cheese. All sandwiches come with the side of home made potato chips that are absolutely divine. 
Judging by the speed that my dad ate his Reuben, I think he liked it. The mac and cheese was great, as was my sandwich, though I may go for a hot sandwich next time. Everything tasted fresh and the flavors meshed well without being boring. They have a pretty extensive beer and wine selection, and I think a full bar, although we didn't drink. 
It is kind of pricey, but when you go to a place like this you pretty much know what you're getting into. I will definitely be back.Truly top notch. Great staff, amazing food and drinks!!Amazing food! First time here and I'm blown away by the fare. I tried the Media Dia Cuban sandwich, and the tangy combination of the hot mustard and jalapeño was deliciously unexpected. My husband had the fennel sausage and egg sandwich on ciabatta, which had a great spicy taste, and the red peppers were a perfect touch. For dessert we had the dulce de leche bread pudding - awesome! 
Really glad we tried this restaurant out tonight. Great food and great service, and very reasonable prices - a win-win all around.Can't speak for the food. Hubby and I just wanted a snack with our drinks but they were out of meat pies. Great drinks good serviceOM NOM NOM NOM! One of the newest additions to the Freret Street food scene. I have some mixed feelings about the changing landscape of Freret - mostly good, although I'm a bit sad that Freret St Boxing Gym got priced out - I think Wayfare is in the old gym. 
Met a friend here for a late lunch on the weekend, and it wasn't crowded. I'm not sure why previous reviews said that the ordering system is confusing - it basically reminded me of Theo's or Company Burger or any number of places around the city where you order at the counter first. It definitely takes a minute to read through all the sandwich options, though. 
Decent beer selection - bottles and drafts. Drafts include a few local and regional selections. Wine list looks good too. 
I got the B(fg)LT sandwich, which comes on 7-grain bread. The (fg) stands for fried green tomato. And there was a regular tomato on this sandwich too, so if you're a fan of tomatoes you'll probably be into this sandwich. It came with the sweet potato habanero sauce (also in bottles on the tables), which is spicy, but very, very good. 
Beware that it's slightly pricey - my final tab for sandwich + draft beer + tip came out to $20.
I would definitely come back here again, particularly during happy hour. It looks like they have some good bar food, plus I could see that the bar has purse hooks. Yeah!!wayfare:
artichoke and oyster soup: broth way too cold, oysters way too hot. too much artichoke. the bread served with the soup was both rock hard and doughy at the same time; something I equate to frozen garlic bread kept in your freezer from a softball team's fundraiser. 
the calamari was heavy on the breading. the aoili was inedible. I'm not pleased with the ratio of rings to zoidberg mouths, and the pickled onions and jalapeños were an afterthought that didn't need to be there. If they were meant to cut the breading, it didn't work. The huge portions were daunting, especially for appetizers; had the food been good, I would have welcomed the mass amount of food, but it... well, it wasn't. 
bartenders and staff leave a lot to be desired. the one girl seemed taken aback when I tried to order from her and the manager/ expeditor was either new, over his head, had new kitchen staff, or just plain needs to get some. (Dude, we can all hear you.) From the look of it, the kitchen is mostly chicks, which is awesome, and these bad ass girls were taking a lot of substitutions, so there is that going for wayfare, which is nice. 
I'm not thrilled with the giant placemat set before me after I ordered. I may have been raised in a farm town, but I was not born in a barn. The exposed wood is beautiful; kitchen is surprisingly small. The music playing over the speakers somehow feels disjointed to whatever the theme of this place is. Same goes for the odd basketball game on ESPN on the two tvs at the bar. 
Unfortunately for me, I won't be coming back. There was too much wrong with the food, the service, and I just didn't feel welcomed.  The first time I tried to come here they had a wine event going on for a sorority, so if any part of that sounds like you might enjoy it, maybe this place is for you. It isn't for me, 2/5.Tried the meat pies (superb!) and mac and cheese (delicious!). The server was super polite and helpful! They have an interesting beer and wine selection that was refreshing to see! The atmosphere was also super trendy and casual. I recommend their pork belly bourbon Old Fashioned!Went to brunch with some friends and were seated quickly. Upon seating, we ordered our drinks and it arrived about 10 minutes later. We ordered the cured meat plate, bacon Mac & cheese, Mediterranean shish kabob and Carolina spicy bbq pork sliders.
It took about 30 minutes for bacon Mac and cheese to arrive and another 15 minutes for the cured meat plate. We finished those two and our entrees wasn't even out yet. Another 20 minutes and the rest of our food comes out. 
Overall, everything was okay. Our server came by every now and then to assured us our food was coming but the wait time was ridiculous. (It was around lunch time but they weren't even pack)
I would not come back.Went to Wayfare for the first time not having heard much about it. Taking a look at their menu online, they have a good list of sandwiches and salads. It's counter service (order & pay and then sit down), which I love. Nothing worse than waiting around for a check!
I ordered the Knuckle Sandwich (roast beef, crispy onion strings, aioli sauce, red onions and arugla on a pretzel bun). It was AMAZING! The sandwich was very large and it also came with their homemade potato chips -- which are to die for! A friend ordered the mac and cheese, and it was out of this world. Someone with us also ordered a salad, and while it looked good it was a bit small. 
Overall: big sandwich servings and very tasty! Able to go for lunch during the work week and was in and out in less than an hour.Serious eats here people! Everything on the menu looks very well conceived and crafted. Tried the Wayfare Salad- romaine, house-pulled mozzarella (they make it every day!), blood oranges, olives, tomatoes-super yummy and really refreshing- and the Media Dia which is like a flavor explosion of porky-goodness. If you like pork you've gotta try that sandwich! Also looks like a great spot to grab a cheese plate and a bottle of wine. Will definitely be going back !When I ate here once, everything was good, but took a little too long. The second time I asked to speak to a manager and he asked me what my real problem was, because he had other customers to attend to. They are always out of a simple beer like Miller Lite, and obnoxious. Won't be back.I've been a few times now and it has been consistently excellent. 
I like that the specials change frequently. 
I really like that there are top-notch vegetable choices on the menu at all times. I love meat - they have plenty of meat and hand cured to boot, but I need veges to accompany, and this place more than satisfies. It is easy to create a well rounded meal and the various options all go together well.
I have ordered a few different drinks off the cocktail menu and all were memorable, consistent one time to the next, and tasted measured and well thought out. 
I love that Chef Kevin is so personable and willing to talk to you about what you're eating, how it was prepared, and make recommendations. Like other reviewers - I recommend the chef's choice cheese plate.
Some other reviewers were complaining about the price. I think the price is perfectly reasonable, because you can order just a couple things and be totally satisfied - like tapas. Also, the quality of the ingredients and the fact that everything is artisanally crafted should command an even higher price. In my opinion it's a screaming deal for the quality of each dish.
The food and ingredients are inventive. There are pleasant surprises with every dish. 
I've taken many picky eaters here, and they always say, "I don't usually like xyz." Only to hear them now have a new favorite way to eat xyz!  
It's great place to expand your palate.
I know I will never be dissatisfied and so I will continue to dine here frequently. I'm hoping it doesn't get too crazy popular - so I can still get a table!
The beignet bread pudding was to die for. No bread pudding will ever be the same again.Yet another New Orleans brunch spot that doesn't understand that their pain perdu needs to be soaked in the eggs/milk for several minutes! Cut open Wayfare's pain perdu and you have regular French bread. That's not the goal, friends! We want something akin to custard inside that crust!
Service was attentive and friendly enough. Prices are reasonable. Nothing exemplary, but nothing terrible (aside from the disappointing pain perdu).The food  is not bad- not great, but not bad. However I found it pretentious and expensive. No  matter how good the food is, this is a losing combination.I was looking to try something new on Freret and am so glad I made the stop at Wayfare.  The Media Dia is a great twist on a Cuban classic (despite the iffy Spanish spelling).   It had so many tasty components, I almost inhaled it.  In particular, the orange mojo pork and house-made pickles and jalapeños really wowed me.  I ordered the coleslaw without much thought, and I'll be damned if it wan't the best slaw I've ever had.  I'll be back - soon!Food is okay. But there were gnats that kept landing in our food. When we notified the waitstaff, she just said, "Yes, we have a bug problem right now. All I can do is give you another plate to cover your food."Wayfare, a sandwhich and salad shop on Freret next door Anchora, is a great addition to the street's burgeoning casual gourmet food and drink scene.
I've been by twice now, once for lunch and dinner, and have been consistently impressed with what their serving. On my first visit, my fiancee and I split a Media Dia sandwhich and an order of vegetable arancini. The Media Dia is, so far, the best thing I've ordered here. 
On our second trip we had a cold roast beef knuckle sandwhich the bruschetta of the day. Everything is fresh, and creative with an international flavors grounded in Italian inspiration. 
The sandwiches are all over $10 but are large enough to share and come with house made potato chips and pickles. 
The sandwiches are much better than offerings at similar prince points at St. James Cheese Company and Tartine, rivaling, though not yet surpassing, those at Cochon Butcher. I haven't had a chance to try a cocktail yet, but probably will on my next trip.I'm pretty addicted to the chicken dijon sandwich here. It is so good. The pork belly gnocchi is the best gnocchi I have ever had, though be warned it is incredibly rich. Good to go halvesies on it with someone else and also split that sammy. Great mac and cheese as well, and yummy pickles. Love everything on the menu though they serve chips with sandwiches which is annoying, they're nothing special.Brussels sprouts were on the specials... And they were outstanding. Went for a late lunch and split the margarita sandwich and a few sides. My aunt got the beet salad, which was also wonderful. The fare is all well executed, and the details of the dishes took it to five stars. Solid lunch spot, and our server, Travis, gave great recommendations... I've got to figure out how to make these Brussels sprouts!A great place for Sunday breakfast. Let's start with the nice people who work there.Niki, Travis & Olivia are so sweet. Our breakfast has always been top notch. We have gone twice for dinner & again amazing food. Here's a few items we have had: eggs, the most delicious grits that you never have to salt or pepper, yummy biscuits, french toast, chicken biscuits, and bacon. Dinner: burger, fries, Brussels sprouts, mac & cheese, shish kabob, the Reuben, and turkey sandwich.I have been here twice and both meals I have had were absolutely amazing! 
The pulled pork sliders and the chicken waldorf salad were both amazing. Although most would say they are on the pricey side ($12 for each mentioned above) I think it is well worth it.
They also have a daily happy hour from 4-7: $6 specialty cocktails and $4 drafts.First time dinning in. Although it was 3pm on a Wednesday afternoon and I was one of 3 tables, staff was great and very attentive. Whatever station they are playing is great, great day time dinning music.
I chose one of the daily special salads- pulled chicken, grapes, some other stuff and a great raspberry dressing (although I thought it was a little too sweet-very good)
I opted to try a side of the quinoa tabouleh. I originally set my sights on the quinoa and kale (viewed this from the menus online and learned that this wasn't avail) not the worst thing in the world because this was great and totally refreshing. I could taste every element- the herbs, cucumber, tomato, great acidic finish. 
Overall, great experience. I would recommend to anyone, especially those into "trendy" goodStopped in for brunch on a Saturday morning and was seated quickly. I ordered the Pain Perdu, which has French toast, fruit, Applewood smoked bacon, and grits. The food came out fast and it was delicious! I will be back.We got the BLT which was very tasty and the beet salad which was great too. I wasn't crazy about the meat pies because they weren't ground beef which is what I was expecting. 
I ordered take out but I liked the ambiance of this place and will likely go there for a dining in experience soon.A great place for Sunday breakfast. Let's start with the nice people who work there Cody, Travis & Olivia are so sweet. Our breakfast has always been top notch. We have gone twice for dinner & again amazing food. Here's a few items we have had: eggs, the most delicious grits that you never have to salt or pepper, yummy biscuits, french toast, chicken biscuits, and bacon. Dinner: burger, fries, Brussels sprouts, mac & cheese, shish kabob, the Reuben, and turkey sandwich.
They have added new items to their delicious brunch items which we have tried today. The omelet and skillet breakfast was delicious. We have never been there when the owner wasn't present in which I think is important in this type of business.Daughter #1 and I came here for a Friday lunch. Was really looking forward to it. The sandwiches  were very good. I got the media dia which the chef calls the best sandwich he has ever made. It is on ciabatta and is placed on a sandwich press which is the way I like sandwiches. It was very good. The meats were all excellent quality especially the orange mojo pork. The jalapenos were a little much for me but did not take away from the sandwich. My daughter got the roast turkey. Again a very good sandwich due to the awesome quality of the turkey. But frankly it was a lillt bit of a downer. I mean, it was a turkey sandwich.  I did not drink but saw the wine list which was nice. The St Bris SB and the Markham merlot stand out. Will def be back.A very nice restaurant. All the dishes we tried were well seasoned and delicious. Our server was also excellent, she recommended two dishes that turned out to be our favorites and was courteous and attentive (without being overly so). They add a flavorful twist to traditional dishes. We ordered only from the daily specials menu. Definitely a unique and enjoyable experience!Had a great experience overall - food was delicious with interesting and complex flavors. The ice box pie was terrific!! Though we didn't get to sample the wide array of beers on tap, we will be back to  try them later! The kitchen got backed up and our meal was long in arriving. However, the owner offered apologies and comped our meal - a generous offer and one that insures we will returnSuch a great deal for happy hour!! Half off of all apps and drinks! Bunch of beers on tap. Will definitely be back!If there's anything you need to get here, it's definitely the Tomato Basil Soup and the Mac n Cheese!  These are items you can't go without!  I don't think I've ever tasted better tomato basil soup!  Wayfare has a variety of sandwiches, salads, and appetizers.  Their sandwiches are the true gems here.  I've had multiple, including the Porchetta, Fennel & Sausage, and Media Dia, and they've all been delicious.  The salads are good, but I definitely don't think it's worth the price tag.  If you're pay $14 for a salad, I expect it to be a big one that's filling, and it definitely was not.  I've also tried their lemon ice-box pie and bread pudding beignets, and they have both been divineeeee.
Wayfare has an industrial decor, which I absolutely loveeee.  I've always been a sucker for industrial-rustic decor.  It's a great place for lunch and even happy hour!  All in all, I will definitely be back to fulfill those tomato basil soup cravings!Food: 4/5
Service: 3/5
Near empty restaurant, getting two cups of coffee took about 10 minutes, two entrees took an additional 30. Server was nice and food was good, just give yourself time.To call this a "Sandwich Shop" would be like calling Secretariat a "Pack-Mule".  This is my first 5-Star review and this place is totally deserving of that rating. 
Know that this place is technically a "Fast-Casual" concept where you order at a counter an the food is brought out to you.  The staff is super-friendly, knowledgable and attentive. The establishment is slick and has a great finish-out.  Even though it is not a full-service restaurant, you will feel like you got better service than most full-service places you have been in your life.
We had the following:
-The Knuckle Sandwich w/Housemade Potato Chips (Ridiculous)
-The Margherita (Extra-Ridiculous)
-The Kurobuta Mac & Cheese (Stupid-Ridiculous)
We told the staff that "we were looking to open up a New Orleans-style sandwich shop in Texas" and she brought out the Chef - Kevin White.  What a high-caliber individual this guy is!!!!  We told him "that we live in Texas (post-Katrina), but keep a home here in NoLa and wanted to open a sandwich shop in Texas worthy of the city we love so much".  This guy took us into the kitchen, gave us advise and tips (that cost him a lot to learn) and even offered to show us how to make some of his stellar creations!  I mean...who does that??? Someone who is on top of their game and loves the city...that's who.  
Do yourself (and everyone you know) a favor and head down to Freret Street to pay Kevin a visit.  I love the great Po-Boy culture that we have in NoLa, but do not go into this place expecting that.  Wayfare will re-define your idea of a sandwich shop.  When you try to figure out what that secret ingredient is in your sandwich......its LOVE.This place has great ambiance and pretty good food (but expensive).  My downfall Is they have 7 high chairs but not one changing station for your baby.  This city is full of Moms who like to luncheon.  Being a newer restaurant in the city, they should have made their bathrooms accommodating for diaper changing purposes.Hey, we loved Wayfare. The three at the table had had a Porchetta Sandwich (Kurobuta pork belly, caramelizes onions, salsa verde and fennel aioli on a hoagie roll / $12), and two specials, the Hadj (lamb on flatbread / $14), and shared an order of the Kurobuta Mac & Cheese ($5). The sandwiches came with house-made sweet pickles and potato chips. We all agreed, a bit on the expensive side, But Worth Every Penny!
We found the restaurant neat and clean, a casual, industrial-ish, relaxed and roomy space. The staff were friendly, helpful and very patient with us as we decided what we wanted. The food came quickly, and was hot and delicious! We recommend Wayfare whole heartedly!I stopped in for lunch with my lady on a Sunday afternoon.  We were seated immediately and ordered two sandwiches and two iced teas.  I ordered the Perro Caliente (a special) and she had a mozerella/tomato/basil pesto sandwich.  Both were very good, and came with homemade chips.  My hot dog was at least as good as one you would get a few blocks down Freret street.  It came on a pretzel bun, had some kind of pineapple/mango salsa and a pickled slaw.  Overall, I was very happy with it.  Previously, I had tried the knuckle sandwich and thought it was OK (the horseradish was very overwhelming).  
Why only three stars?  Firstly, the price.  Two sandwiches and two iced teas cost us $36 with gratuity.  For what you get, that seems like a lot, especially given the places you can eat on Freret now for less than that.  Secondly, the service.  Despite it being slow, it took a while for a server to see us after we sat ourselves.  It took a while to get refills on iced teas also.  No complaints about the food at Wayfare, if you're looking for a unique sandwich and don't mind paying a little extra for it, definitely check it out.What a delightful discovery (yeah, I know we re late to this party, but there is a long list of new places to try in our household).
       We went to Wayfare for a casual, late lunch on a Saturday and were utterly charmed and impressed.
       I chose the seared salmon salad with cherry tomatoes and caper pesto and was pleased as punch, all the elements harmonizing into a perfect dish; sumptuous, perfectly cooked (read not overdone) salmon sauced with that aforementioned tangy pesto and cool, grassy arugula and fruity tomatoes. I added the farro quinoa & greens side that surprised (pleasingly) with a lemony zing to the nutty grain and earthy greens.
     My lovely wife chose the media dia sandwich and loved it; the addition of house made bread & butter pickles and spicy pickled jalepenos elevated this tasty sammy into a new category. She can't resist a good potato salad and Wayfare's is quite good. Her sandwich also came with excellent homemade potato chips-yum!
    The space is spare, but cozier than you expect because of some good paint and lighting choices along with the super friendly staff who aim to please.
    I think Wayfare will be entering heavy rotation in our restaurant playlist.This is a great lunch spot. It's a cute place and the staff is attentive. I got the cubano sandwich, always a favorite of mine. It was the perfect combination of a juicy yet not dripping with sauce kind of sandwich. The appetizer to start was the meat pies. They were good, but nothing spectacular. They were also a little small to my liking. My friend got the salmon salad and was a little disappointed on its portion. Definitely not enough to fill someone up, and more so was just an appetizer portion. I'd go back again if I had to, but it's not necessarily a place you crave.Food: yes! Drinks: meh. Service: hit or miss.
I love the margherita sandwich. So many delicious flavors, and the potato chips that come with it are crispy and awesome. The habanero sweet potato hot sauce on the tables is perfect for dipping. They have a changing arancini special every day, which is usually creative and tasty.
The cocktails I've had have all been way too sweet for me, even when the ingredients listed on the menu don't seem like they should be. For 10ish dollars, I'm not going to bother with something that tastes like it's mostly sugar. 
The service is unpredictable. It seems like they never really figured out how to handle being busy, so wait times can be very long when all the tables are full. On multiple occasions I've had to flag down a passing employee to ask them to send our waiter over because we've lost sight of them for 10 or more minutes. They're always nice about it, and apologetic, but Wayfare has been around long enough now for it to be unacceptable that the management hasn't figured out how to deal with this.
If you don't bother with table service, the take away is usually decently quick, around 15 minutes. But there's a surcharge, which drives me absolutely crazy. What am I paying for here? The cardboard box my food is in? The sandwiches aren't exactly cheap; you'd think the cost would be absorbed by their profit margin. Maybe some people don't tip on take away so they're making up for that? It's not like it's a huge fee, but it bothers me when places charge extra fees when there doesn't seem to be a real reason behind it.
So it says a lot about the food that I still give Wayfare 4 stars despite all my gripes. It's kind of pricey, but it's really, really good.Wow!  So far this has been the best restaurant I've eaten at since I've been in New Orleans. The exterior isn't exactly inviting but that's really the only downfall of my review. 
We entered the restaurant and were greeted warmly and promptly shown to a table. The hostess informed us of the specials and provided us menus. Within a minute the waitress appeared and took our drink orders.  We ordered the mimosa "flight" which was worth the purchase. 
There were three of us and we all ordered a different item just to try them out. I got the Wayfare Benedict (shredded beef with cornbread) topped with an amazing sauce and a poached egg. Hands down - this was the crème de la crème of the three choices. Everything was absolutely perfect and  packed with just the right amount of heat. I couldn't stop eating this. Amazing. 
My friend ordered the chicken biscuits which was also top notch. It's really difficult to pull off a perfect slim chicken cutlet that has the right crunch to survive the gravy yet still remain moist and juicy. The gravy was the real winner of this dish that just overall completed this meal. 
The last dish was Croque Madame which was a baked ham and cheese sandwich with a fried egg. I didn't get to eat this but got two thumbs up from the companion who did. 
Another star was the waitress Jacqueline. She never once let a glass go empty and was all smiles and ensured we were not missing anything from this feast.  Definitely five starts and worth future visits.I feel like this is definitely a place for the adventurous at heart but other than the cheese plate I just couldn't find my dish. Everyone else loved their food and the couple we went with apparently goes often!Great!!!! Great!!!!! Great!!!! Ambience. Fair pricing. Prompt service. Friendly ppl. 
(I ordered take out so I can't comment on the 'counter ordering'... Sooooo yeah, but anyway...)
I finallllllllllllly made my way to this fine dining establishment & not a moment too late. 
Lots of good food & combinations. Gourmet sandwich creations that are beyond measure. Additionally, sandwiches served with 'Zapps style' chips. Ummmmm ummmmmm good. 
And lest we talk about the drink choices out the Wa-Zoo!!!!!!! I mean a FULL BAR... Hellllllo!!!!!!Living right down the street from Wayfare has made it a regular spot for me. I know there are a lot of options on freret street but wayfare always brings me back with their delicious food, unique beers, and fantastic happy hour. 
When you walk into Wayfare the atmosphere feels cool. The washed wood paneling, glossed cement floors, and large chalk board menus all creates a nice vibe. I usually sit at the bar and talk with the bartenders; all the girls that work there are super friendly and always have a smile on their face. 
If you have never been to Wayfare before I recommend that you try the Knuckle and Reuben. Both are so delicious. The knuckle is beautiful and has all the right textures and flavors. Insider hint - if you aren't feel roast beef substitute it for chicken (also called the chuckle) or if you aren't sure about the horseradish aioli substitute it with their 2k dressing (which typically goes on the Reuben. Then the Reuben is probably the closest thing in New Orleans you will get to a real New York Reuben, it is so tasty. Just thinking about these two sandwiches makes me want to go grab one right now. 
I also would not miss out on their arancini and meat pies. They seem to change daily and I feel like this where the chef gets to express his creativeness.  On top of that, if you go during happy hour they are only four dollars!! 
On man -- the happy hour. This is usually the when I come. 6 dollar specialty drinks, four dollar draft beers (where you have a selection of thirty different types), and a dollar off wine. It used to be a little better with half off specialty drinks, but this is still pretty awesome! You can get smashed off top-shelf liquor and fancy beer without having to break the bank. 
All-in-all, I love this neighborhood hot spot. I know sometimes knowing where/when to order food can be confusing and that the managers can look grouchy but it's all just part of the experience. I highly recommend it.I want to like this place but it is overpriced for what it is and the food is just bad. Even my kid who eats everything pushed away the sliders after one bite. 
The tastes are a mosh mosh of the unexplainable and the overuse of vinegar in the potato salad board lines on criminal. Its way too expensive for what it is and at those prices to serve chips and tasteless pickles is not cool.
:(It's sometimes a struggle to find good vegetarian food in New Orleans, but this place hit the spot! I split the Eggplant Bahn Mi with my boyfriend (a meat-eater) and we both loved it! Would definitely come back again next time I'm in town.Delicious brunch. We had the pain perdue, chicken biscuit, mac and cheese, and the wayfare benedict. They were all good, but the benedict was the table fave! $5 mimosas, $7 Pimms co-op, and $8 bloody Mary's also on special for brunch.I ordered the breakfast classic but asked them to replace the grits with hash browns.
Delicious!
The bacon was not oily, the flavor was adjusted perfectly.
I will come back again.By the look of this menu, it seemed like a promising Gastropub. This is our favorite type of restaurant, but we were pretty disappointed. The duck fat fries were soggy; the spicy mayo dip was the best part about these. The Brussels sprouts were also soggy and sopped in oil, not much flavor; again, the spicy mayo saved these. The chicken on the Waldorf salad was just boiled shredded chicken with no flavor. The rest of the salad was alright. The staff were very friendly and the drinks were great. I think they have great intention but don't know how to execute the "Gastro" in Gastropub.I live up the street and love this place. The sandwiches each have a dynamic flavor profile and the draught beer selection is superb. For the price, the sandwiches are the better deal on freret competing in the $10-15 range.  
Keep up the good work!Had the Cuban today; my wife had the pork sliders. Both super. Always have a good dining experience there.Stopped in for a drink before heading to another restaurant for dinner, so this is about service and drinks. Great service and YUM to the drinks. Husband had the Pork Belly Bourbon Old-Fashioned and I had the Monte Fresca with Amaro Montenegro and thyme infused grapefruit juice ++. Both were EXCELLENT! Can't wait to come back and nosh - the menu looks delicious...Duck Fat Pommes FritesAbsolutely the place I bring everyone to. Every single person I have brought can't stop talking about there food. My out of towners love going back and I love taking everyone there. Brunch or lunch, you can't go wrong! The Cuban sandwhich is magic in your mouth! I don't like ordering the same thing but when it comes to the Cuban, I have to get it every time!I'm was conflicted how to rate this place. I'm so obsessed with one of their sandwiches that the idea of giving the food anything other than five stars physically gives me the shakes. Seriously, the eggplant banh mi sounds odd but it is UNREAL. Also, the bread pudding beignets are worth a trip alone. Which explains why I keep going back here, despite the fact that the service is really pretty awful. 
While the server is usually friendly, there is a tendency to disappear immediately after taking your order. Not because they are busy but because they tend to congregate in the back and chat. So if you want more than one drink, you might as well order it at the top of the meal because otherwise you get to play that fun game of desperately trying to make eye contact with ANYONE, until you end up being that awkward person waving your empty glass in the air hoping a staffer will hear the rattle of ice cubes and take pity. And order your check when your entrees come or settle in for the long haul.Casual little spot, the gnocchis and the shrimp pasta are amazing but aside from that everything else is pretty average and i would definitely recommend spending your money elsewhere if you're looking for authentic and unique New Orleans food, but if you want something average tasting and totally american this is the spot!Definitely a great happy hour joint. Nice, comfy,  and cozy place. Great lightning.  Great service.  Maybe because it was happy hour, but the host was so nice and friendly and welcomed me to sit at the bar participate in the hour special or he would find me a seat and I can hurry up and get service! Amazing staff and the host recognized everyone that walked in. My drink was delicious!  I love a great Margarita with sugar on the rim! Lol!  My bartender was really nice and friendly.  She made sure I was doing good and she asked how the margarita taste and everything.  I love when bartenders still stick to the original ingredients of a beverage but still manage to put their own little twist on things! I really have no complaints. I see some appetizers  I'm interested in like this  "MACARONI ,cheese, and bacon casserole" .  Sounds so good. But I really just came for a drink and to get a feel for the place since it is my first time here!  This place didn't disappoint and o will definitely be back. Especially because happy hour is over with at 6Wrapped up our road trip down the Mississippi River from Minneapolis to New Orleans and Wayfare and loved it. Craft cocktails were very good and would highly recommend the pommes frites and BBQ shrimp pasta. What a great way to experience the flavors of New Orleans. And the best part was the restaurant is locally owned which means 2x more of the money we spent we'll recirculate in the local New Orleans economy. Eat local!Our visit to Wayfare was one of those purely spontaneous stops that help make vacationing special  - we were planning to hit nearby Cure for happy hour, but it wasn't open yet, so we walked up and down Freret St. for a bit. We happened upon Wayfare, this low-key-looking place, and saw that they were advertising happy hour.
Initially skeptical, I stood outside and pulled up the Yelp app, as I wanted some assurance that we wouldn't be sucked into a crap-trap. Hmm, good overall rating...cocktails look interesting...but I still wasn't sold until I read Joi B.'s glowing five-star review, particularly her description of the daily arancini. I've become a fan of these glorified rice balls over the past few years, and tend to order them whenever they appear on a menu. On this particular day, it was beet arancini, which I'd never heard of before. In truth, beets in my arancini didn't sound all that appealing, but...In Rice Balls I Trust, so we had to have an order in accompaniment to our cocktails. They were perfect; well-crisped outer covering, moist with a little cheesiness inside. Of course, having been made with beets, the inside was beet-red, and they were detectable in the taste. I wouldn't think to try to make these with beets, but here, it worked. 
Cocktails were also impressive. I had the pork belly Old Fashioned, and it was about on par with the best pork-infused/washed Old Fashioned's I've ever had...even nearly equal to that served by the Ravenous Pig in Orlando, which from me is very high praise. The best part of a porky OF is always the slab of candied bacon used as a garnish, especially after you've had it soaking in the glass for a few minutes as it takes on some of the whiskey flavor. I greedily mauled that piece of bacon...I wish they'd have given me a plateful. 
This was a memorable, unexpected surprise. If I find myself in New Orleans again, I'd likely plan to return for more cocktails and rice balls.We loved it so much for dinner one night that we came back the next day for brunch! For dinner we ordered the cheese plate, salads, and sandwiches, and everything was incredibly enjoyable. My dad ordered the sliders and said that they were the best sliders that he's ever eaten, and they're pretty much his favorite food. For brunch everything was just as delicious, and another bonus is that they accept NOLA Bucks for Tulane students, so broke college kids don't have to feel like they're spending "real" money. I will definitely be coming back here for the sandwiches.I'm pretty newly Celiac, and was more than surprised at Wayfare! They had gluten-free bread, and were able to ensure that my meal was GF.  And my meal was FANTASTIC!! Cheese plate was spectacular, as was mozz salad.  I had a special sandwich on GF bread that blew me away.  Really, it was fantastic. Can't wait to go back next time we're in NOLA!!Totally 5 star here and I don't give out many.  We found this place by accident while in town for Amerivespa. We actually were shooting for the pizza place next door (they were not open yet) so we took a chance a this place. 
Whoah I am glad we took the chance.  
The sliders and sales were superb. The cucumber dressing they doused the veggies on the salad was like crack. I travel all over the US for work and eat at a lot of places and this one will be on my bucket list when I come back to New Orleans.I was so happy to learn that they gluten free bread. I had the Media Dia and it was delicious. Service was prompt and the decor is bohemian and relaxed. Definitely coming back!My roommate and I are new to New Orleans and looked up happy hour spots in uptown. Let me tell you, Wayfare did not disappoint! The drinks are very flavorful. The nachos were my favorite part, all the ingredients were combined perfectly to give a fresh take on nachos that completely hit the spot. The duck fat pomme frites were amazing as well. All in all, check the place out!The wayfare benedict was fantastic! I don't like poached eggs, so got scrambled instead. The sauce was wonderful and the meat was so flavorful! A definite must try,  you'll be wanting more! We also shared the mac and cheese casserole which was also delicious!Came to try their meat pies which were asian inspired and boring. Not worth the trip.It was just average. Nothing too special. The place was clean and the service good. It had a full bar too. I ordered the cured meat sandwhich which had spinach, tomatoes, red onions, olive oil, and banana peppers on it. The entrees come with homemade potato chips. I also ordered sesame noodles. I honestly am a foodie but probably won't run back here to eat again.Wayfare is amazing! It's definitely my favorite spot on Freret. The food is great, it's always a crowd pleaser, they have a beautiful bar, feature interesting (and usually vegetarian!) specials, and their prices are reasonable. Also, it's a good sized place so there is rarely a wait for a table! I recommend the Margherita sandwich, lemon ice box pie, and their house made pickles! So good!Wayfare's just okay in my opinion. 
The sandwich flavors just aren't amazing to me. They're okay. They're good. But not great. 
I had a mushroom soup that was a special there the other day - it was amazing. 
Wayfare is convenient, speedy.This place seriously has the worst service of any restaurant I've ever been to.  Upon sitting at our table we wait 15 minutes before anyone came by. When we flagged down a waiter asking if we had one the guy pretty much glared at us and said he would be over but then had another come by.  We finally ordered and at this point still had no drinks. We ask for water again after told they'd bring some right out and they tell us there's a cup problem and we'll have to get our water in to go cups. Which is fine, we just want water.  The waitress who stopped by asking if we ordered yet and needed drinks stopped by again 5 mins later and asked again if we need to order and want drinks after we already told her we ordered and asked for water, which we finally got. So we got our food one by one and ate.  Food was decent. Meanwhile you hear at the table next to us people complaining to the absent minded waitress that they're starving and of course she forgot to put in their order for a cheese plate. They were not very happy.  Worst. Service. Ever.  So if you want to go to a place with horrible service and obviously no training for their servers, this is the place for you.good sandwhiches and soups. cute restaurant with a nice vibe and ambiance.  lots of different items on the menu. good waitstaff and overall good experienceLove this place! Thanks curry patootey Julia! The calamari is light, tender and fantastic. Cocktails are exciting and well priced.I've liked this place for years until tonight. The staff constantly turned away people for reserved tables that no one ever showed up for. I was seated and the meal took 2 hours. We were offered a free dessert as a consolation but it wasn't anything spectacular. Also, two disabled people came in and the staff put them at the bar and it was difficult for them to sit there. I had to open the door and point out to the hostess to help one of them since he couldn't hold his canes and a drink. At the same time there were plenty of tables marked reserved and no one showed up. The business probably turned away 50 people in the time I was there for the so-called reserved tables. Won't go back again.Great service and brunch!! The pork belly sliders and Wayfare Benedict were delish!!!Stumbled upon this restaurant as we were looking for brunch before we hit the road. Sure glad we found this place because the breakfast was amazing! I ordered the Wayfare Benedict and it was so delicious with juicy flavorful pork and the Roasted Garlic Stone Ground Grits were so so so good. Next time we're in Nola we will definitely be coming back!Nice sandwich. One more place that has gluten free awareness.
Gluten free bread on all the sandwiches.
Pomme frites were a great starter.
Ask for the sweet potato habanero sauce to add to your sandwich.I've been wanting to check out this place for so long and finally had the chance to. Let's just say it's what I expected! Amazing delicious drinks along with food. I had the meat pies of the day which were sausage and egg breakfast meat pies with maple syrup. Awesome and wasn't even craving breakfast for dinner! I also had to try the bacon Mac and cheese and I was not disappointed at all. Super creamy and delicious. It's not on the menu but get the Wayfair margaritaI consider myself a bit of a sandwich connoisseur and the Wayfarer Knuckle is as good as it gets.