I enjoy We Dat's. The wings are tasty... but nothing spectacular. The customer service is completely lacking. I stared at my order being ready for five minutes while the male cashier took a personal call. Come on. If you're going to charge higher than normal prices at least provide above average service. Spent almost $20 for a 10 piece, fries, and drink. That's way too high in my honest opinion..especially since the service standard isn't there.One of the BEST wing places in the city! love coming here on a Tuesday to get their .75 cent wing special. The pineapple lemonade and wuzzam wings play a factor in my reutas well. Love going to a dining establishment with the assurance of never being disappointed AND its black-owned! I could not ask for anything more.I went to We Dat during my Essence Festival 2018 trip. I asked a few locals about a good place to eat and We Dat's Chicken came up several times. The food did not disappoint! I went late at night so there was a line but it was worth it. I got the Wazzum and Lemon Pepper and loved them both. Definitely eating here again next time I'm in NOLA!I follow a lot of people from NOLA on social media and this place kept popping up on my feeds, the food looked great so this place was a must try for us, we tried the storefront location and not the truck. There were a bunch of teens hanging around out front and I won't lie it made us think twice...after they dispersed we walked in, there's a lot of local art/celebs painted on the walls which was cool, there wasn't much seating and it really didn't seem like a sit and eat place but we weren't about to walk out meals back to the hotel so we stuck around, I had the hot wings and fries and my company had the sweet heat wings (which were really good....better than the regular hot wings) the sweet heat wings were a mixture of hot and bbq sauce. The ordering process was something that could use some work, the set up just didn't look "together" but since this was a new business I didn't let that deter me. the cashier got our orders mixed up & forgot my drink but we made it work, we opted to eat in and watch the game, the table area was clean overall, one of the cashiers made it her focus to clean up tables quickly as guests left. the food was pretty good, nothing to write home about but it tasted just as good as it looked on social media, if you need something to curve your hangover from bourbon street or have a late night wing craving this is the place to go.Came here SAT afternoon 10/15 around 1pm. Not crowded. Ordered wings and fries. Everything was excellent. The Lemonade was also very good...not sure how they made it. Decent prices for everything. Not a real big spot.Me and my husband ordered from We Dat's 4 times, and every time, our order was messed up. Like why can't they ever get it right? They're also promoting UberEATS. By the time your food gets to you, it's cold and hard. The people that work there need to pay more attention to the customer's orders. The guy that took my order the very last time was rude! It seemed as though he was high off something because he was moving really slow, just not in tune with the freaking world . It's ridiculous. I don't think I'll be eating there anymore.Good wings...good price...friendly customer service. The owner took my order and was so friendly. I got the wings with Wuzzam sauce and ranch fries. My son considers himself a wing expert and he loved it! I will definitely return when I come back to New Orleans.10 wings with a generous portion of fries that were soo good I couldn't leave any behind.  If I wasn't staying in a hotel I would have kept half of it for the next day.  I was in and out with my bundle of joy in under 20 minutes. The longest part of the wait was the line to place my order.I got the lemon pepper wings and Cajun fries. Both were delicious! Next time we're in NOLA we're definitely going to visit We Dat again!Bad service. They gave me 10 shrimps & a lot of over seasoned fries. I wouldn't recommend this place.I want to start off by saying the food is amazing but as for customer service , i noticed they have this new guy i havent seen him as ive been a loyal customer here. Jonathan is his name and he is very sexist i am very disappointed. Keep in mind this is coming from a woman. He gives free drinks , free ranch , and takes off prices of thing to girls who he thinks are attractive. He flirts with them while other people are in line waiting to order. I personally wouldnt think its fair if i were a guy. I hope the owner gets to this. I love the food but i would prefer someone who doesnt try flirting with me as it makes me feel comfortable, im only here for the food sorry. I mean no harm to the brand. It is just upsetting.Since seeing them on IG and reading the reviews, I was craving this place as soon as I touched down. I ordered the lemon pepper wings at Essence Fest. I also had an opportunity to meet the owner. He was very relational! Great guy! The wings had much flavor. I saw that they had a chicken wrap and I was determined to get it! Finally got over to try the chicken wrap and it didn't disappointment. The pricing was to be expected. I figured there would be a wait. The only disappointment was that they only had 2 people working in the kitchen and one at the register.I visited for the first time on Saturday around 11pm after watching a Broadway show at the Saenger Theatre. We were looking for something close by that was open late! It's located further up Canal than I thought. While the restaurant has nice drawing and pics on the wall, there was a strong urine smell right as we entered.  We decided to order to go. The cashier was very friendly and took his time explaining the different flavored wings. I ordered the bbq and my friend ordered the original. I made the wrong choice! Mine seemed as though the sauce was just poured on the wings and served. I like my sauce to be cooked, marinated on the wings. The flavor of the sauce was pretty good however. Now on to the winner, the original wings!! They are plain with no sauce but have a distinct flavor that is seasoned wonderfully!! I wish I had gotten the original! The one wing that I did have had me licking my fingers and wishing my friend would offer me another one. No such luck!!! If I'm in the area again I would definitely get the original! The price was decent but we had to go back and order ranch dressing because it does not come with that. I believe a 6pc wings and fried was $9.00 and the ranch dressing was 3 for $1.00.I discovered We Dat's on IG. I was visiting Nola and mentioned to my fam that I really wanted to try it. We went during the lunch hour on 03/27/17. I was disappointed in the customer service we received - for me it plays a large role in the full experience. The wings were delicious, the shrimp was good, & the fries were okay.Low key and yummy!!!!! Lol we just stopped here on our roadtrip going west and we were pretty satisfied! Their wings are on point and so are there fries! When I visit again I'm going back!So delicious!!! I recommend the wuzzam wings with loaded fries, it was heaven on earth! Not to mention the music was so good, makes u feel like u are making love to your food! #babymakingmusicChicken tenders were plain tasting and burnt. I have had better tenders from a gas station. I got their "hottest" sauce and it wasn't even mildly hot. The only saving grace was the pineapple lemonade which was delicious. The staff was friendly and courteous, but the food just wasn't good. My co-worker had the wings and said they weren't very good either.My husband and I were both tired of the French Quarter traditional foods so we ventured further down Canal Street to We Dat's and were not disappointed. The wings were sooooooo good. My husband had the Hot Spitta wings and I had Lemon Pepper...no complaints from either of us. The fries were on point too. The pineapple lemonade was pretty good; however the fruit punch had a sugar overload. I could only bare to take one sip. This is the only reason why I've given 4 stars. There's lots to choose from on the menu, so without a doubt on my next visit I'll be coming back to We Dat's. Overall I'd highly recommend to NOLA visitors, especially those who are tired of the French Quarter hype.Bustin' loaded fries & large chicken wings. If you are a moderate eater, 6 will be more than enough.The food was pretty good. I can't deal with too much salt so the seasoning was a little overpowering to me. But I loved the crunchiness of the chicken.I got the lemon pepper wings and Cajun fries. Both were delicious! Next time we're in NOLA we're definitely going to visit We Dat again!Went there was on a recommendation. Got their shrimp dinner. It was over cooked, no taste, and very few shrimp for the price. I wouldn't ever go back there again.  It wasn't the worst shrimp dinner I have had but definitely the worst one I have ever eaten in Louisiana.I came across this place literally by accident, I was hungry and it was directly across the street from my Hotel. after my meal I realized it was FATE! The best wings I ever had Garlic Parmesan Wings with Cheese Fries!! And very reasonably priced I was shocked. Not only that I realized I had also seen this spot promoted on IG by the lovely Supa ( whom I LOVE!) 
  Only 3 or 4 couples were in there with us the wait was about 15 mins and then BAM greatness lol
Also try the drinks!! I had some sexy something drink ( I can't remember the name of it sorry )which as Tasted so good and got me feeling right!If they had a review on the service I would give them 5 stars. The food just wasn't what I thought it would be, the quality of the food was great. I just didn't like the sauces and that ranch that goes on the fries. Everybody can't do the ranch fries like the Wing Snack sorry but nobody can pull that off. Great atmosphere and the owner was so sweet. I just wish there was more to offer with food wise.The person taking my order recommended I try the wuzzam sauce because it is a customer favorite...and I was definitely not disappointed! We ended up ordering through UberEATS I was pleasantly surprised when they followed all the special instructions perfectly. One of my favorite wing places in town!!Great place conveniently located downtown near the interstate. The great thing about this place is that everything is cooked fresh to order. When it's not busy, it's amazing because there is no rush (basically, no undercooking or over cooking the food). 
Your best bet is to order from UberEats but not from their online system. I ordered wings and fries through the website at 12 o'clock on a Sunday when it wasn't too busy. I arrived at 12:30 expecting my order to be waiting for me and it was not. I don't even think the guy at the front checked the online order system until---after about 10 minutes of waiting for my name---I stood in line with every else and explained that I actually ordered online. The guy still had to write out my ticket. Imagine my frustration and impatience waiting for my food to be cooked after already waiting 40 minutes online. I'm pretty patient but it's kind of ridiculous how I watched a good 10 people get their orders before me after ordering in person! Either the guy was not paying attention to the online orders at all (page had to refresh) or I had just missed a huge rush.
Either way, the food is always delicious and the staff is usually friendly. They all aren't as welcome as the owner himself but you can't help but salivate from the wait of it all!!This place was very mediocre and a bit pricey. They ran out of their combo dishes of chicken and sides the day I was there on Sunday May 27th. I decided to order the regular wings and fries, which came seasoned just okay. The food appeared to be made to order, but has a longer than usual wait time and there's no bathroom sign on display to allow you to go unless you ask perhaps, in my case I did not.I've visited we have that in April and had an amazing experience food was tasty wings were well seasoned can't wait to come back!!Our 1st time in New Orleans & our 1st trying that place & the last time too, i asked the lady how big is the fish since it was $14, she says they were nice sized, so I ordered the brow special, now they had 2, one was for 2 pieces of catfish & fries, the other is 2 pieces of catfish & 10 pieces of shrimp w/fries, I ordered the brow special catfish (no shrimp) now maybe I should've clarified with the young lady, but since I just asked her about the catfish she would've thought I wanted the catfish special, it wasn't until my boyfriend notice the receipt that I was charged $22 (catfish & shrimp special,) the young lady never checked w/me if I want the $22, she just assumed, I am allergic to shrimp, can't eat it at all, but I can eat fried fish with no problem even fried in the same grease as the shrimp, I have no problems, I went back to the girl she did fix it & i got refunded the $6, we got our food, went home & guess what I had w/my fish, shrimp , I ate the fish & my boyfriend ate the shrimp, the fish didn't have any seasonings, my boyfriend asked for hot sauce for the fish, they didn't have any, I had nothing to cover up the fact that it was bland, neither one of us could finish the fries b/c they had a burnt taste to it like it was fried in very old oil, on a brighter note, my boyfriend like the chicken, but he said the shrimp didn't have any seasonings to it, so maybe it's the seafood that needs working on & change the oil from time to time, also offer mustard & hot sauce for the fish.We Dat is great! I got the wuzzam wings with cheesy ranch fries! So delicious! The staff is super friendly. The whole business is so New Orleans, complete with murals of the city and a life size SupaCent cut out! It's awesome! Go get you some!!Came Sunday night of Mardi gras. Across from the junge hotel.  Had about a 15 min wait in line. Wait was worth the food at 1230amWas on vaca in NOLA and came across this place on IG and HAD to try it when I got there. Highly recommend!!!First off, im a chicken wing fanatic. I loves me some hot wings. With that being said, this place does decent wings. Dont get me wrong, they are not bad but in my opinion they need to expand their flavors. I got i think a 24 piece, half wazzam and half hot. It was on the expensive side too but they are on Canal so i understand. The wazzam was a mix of lemon pepper and hot i think she told me. I was not impressed with the flavor. And the hot was just ok also. I also ordered the ranch fries and i wasnt impressed with those either.The food was pretty good, I'll give them that! However, the place itself was a turn off. They need to do a major cleaning and renovation. Even the radio speakers were busted and we had to listen to loud terribly staticy music. I probably wouldn't go back unless I was super drunk.We came here from out of town because we seen it on instagram. Once we got here I asked the gentleman at the counter about the sauces he had a bad attitude. He was NOT helpful what so ever. It was not very welcoming. I feel they need a better person at the counter with a better personality.I was here twice in one week and the service was IMPECCABLE both times. The staff is super friendly and positive. The ambiance of the restaurant is WELCOMING and familiar. It's VERY CLEAN and doesn't have the smell that some restaurants do when they specialize in fried foods. 
I ordered the catfish and it was FRESH. Like pulled out of the ocean fresh. FRIED TO PERFECTION. I can tell they use FRESH OIL. 
You MUST come here if you're in NOLA! 
Love from Brooklyn!I went here the other night, it was like 11pm. I got 30 wings. 10 sweet heat and 10 regular. The sweet heat flavor is soooooo good!! It's the perfect combination. Not overly sweet and not hurry and grab a glass of water spicy. The service was good and they do not slack on their proportions. I also had the pineapple lemonade. Yes Lort!!Fried fish was fried good but way over priced. $14 for a fish plate. Ordered a topping for my fries, I went with cheese and i was disappointed it was just shredded cheese sprinkled on top. My friends wings looked and smelled great and her wing sauce was good. Service was friendly.This is a little late but sorry I've been extremely busy. I saw them on Instagram and thought the food looked delicious. When I went it was not very busy. Menu is simplistic once I realized that menu was on the wall in front of me. I placed my order with Stephanie. Let me say she was so nice. Great customer service. Very friendly, really sweet and genuine with my daughter and myself asking us about our trip. She is a rarity in customer service now a days. She was great from start to finish. Stephanie keep up the good work.
Now the food... I ordered the BBQ wings (all drumettes) and added shrimp. Omg those wings were the . That sauce was so good and familiar...that damn sauce tasted like my sauce I make for my wings at home. You know I was in love. I love when a food tastes like my food or better and they were on point. If I lived there I would be there all the time. The wings were cooked perfect; just how I like them. The shrimp was not over cooked and were seasoned to perfection. They are going to be my first go to when and if I ever go back to New Orleans. They will get my money quick. I am very funny about my food and a very picky eater. They will have no trouble getting my to eat there. I wish them so much success. I love seeing great black owned businesses. Please go there and support. First New Orleans next the world!!!I found out about this place on IG. My husband and I traveled to New Orleans and had a great time! We needed a place to grab a quick bite so we could drink after and have a good time on Bourbon St. I got the Wazzam wings with fries covered in ranch dressing and hot sauce. The wings had a tangy spicy kick to it and the fries were delicious. I was pleased !Saw pictures of this spot on Instagram and was excited to try them out. I ordered 6 wuzzam wings, shrimps, and cheese fries. Come to find out they ran out of cheese. First let down. Bill came out to about 15 bucks. A little pricey but not too bad. Took about 10 mins for my order and requested a side of blue cheese. No blue cheese only ranch :-/ as a wing establishment I would suggest having blue cheese. That's pretty standard. 2nd let down. So wings were good. Crispy saucy all that you would want in a wing. Wuzzam sauce was good. Fries were mediocre and the shrimp was disgusting. They tasted like they were fried in old oil or were spoiled shrimp. They had a real foul smell to them. Probably won't come back or suggest this spots. Visiting New Orleans there plenty of places to try with delicious food. This ain't it.We Dat!! I ordered a 6 piece hot with regular fries and ranch on the side. When my order arrived I had a 6 piece hot with ranch fries. The chicken was crispy which I enjoyed. The order wasn't as hot as I thought it would be. I will return to give them another chance.The bomb. Chicken wings and fried catfish... yum. Delicious fries.. just the right thickness and well seasoned. Nice employees. Cool murals abound. Ran out of sweet tea (must be good), but happy with fruit punch. Great, hot food.I had high expectations from their IG page. The food looked delicious. But it was nothing more than fried frozen French fries and shrimp, loaded with ranch dressing, and Tony's sprinkled on top. Disappointing. Over priced. Thought dudes were gonna get in my car.Excellent wing sauce and wings made to order! Lots of flavor! Great customer service and convenient location. I can't wait to go back! Highly recommend the wings with wuzaam sauce. The shrimp were underwhelming and too pricey for the size they were. But the wings! Some of the best I've had. Tastes like Cajun and lemon pepper mixed together. Great price on the wings as well. This will be my first stop next time I'm in NOLAIf I could give 0 stars, I would.  Between the horrible food slathered in sauce, the ear piercing loudness of the music, and the unprofessionalism of the whole presentation and staff, this is one place I definitely wish that I had never come.Had the wuzzam wings and a margarita. Delicious and a bit on the pricey side but worth it to me. I'd go back and try the catfish and the sweet heat wings. They're further down Canal so it's cool for lunch dinner or a late night snack attack. Greg the owner wasnt there and I was looking forward to meeting him. I follow him on Instagram and he's humble, handsome and focused. He loves his community and is always willing to lend a hand where he can. The restaurant was clean, friendly staff and the atmosphere was dope! Nice music and people enjoying themselves without the hangout effect. I didn't feel uncomfortable at all people were balanced with socializing  and patronizing the business. The margarita was not for amateurs it was a nice stiff drink. The wuzzam wings are for spicy lovers. Nice to see a Black owned business in the French Quarter thriving. Greg is young and he's doing it right. He's on his way to opening his second location  far cry from his days on a food truck. I will continue to support him and hope you will too.The food was AMAZING! The owner, Greg, was absolutely AMAZING. I forgot to order toppings on my fries. He immediately added the toppings free of charge. Really great establishment and unmatched customer service! A MUST TRY WHILE IN NOLA!!Okay im being 100% honest. The place was nice looking shop. But #1  You have 3 people taking orders and not clearly writing what customers order.
Example a lady ordered shrimp and catfish fom one person and then the lady behind her ordered the same thing but she wanted the special fries and extra catfish. They both gave there names and when the food came up since the orders looked almost the same if the first lady [said if i wasnt honest girl i would had all yo free food] customers shouldn't be figure out orders. Thats your front counters job.Also they are the face of your company and the first impressions that people get about you. Not instagram,not Facebook and Twitter. Those just inspire people to come and hold they're opinion untill after they are served. 
#2 The prices your charging for what you serve doesnt equal. 19$ for a plate full of fries and 5 measly shrimp and 2 thin pieces of catfish.(yes i counted the shrimp) i ask the guy behind the counter will this feed 2 people he said (you can) i should have took that as a NO. I could have went anywhere and feed my family for the same price and had way more food. Broad and Banks for example.
#3 You have courted off areas for gaming and i guess small event's. But you barely have anywhere else  for people to sit. Unless you really just want to be a togo place.
#4 Why do you just have a random household garbage can that i have to lift the lid like im putting the trash out at my own house.(Also why is the lid broken)
Please get a professional one with a swing door like at McDonald's)you want people to start just leaving empty trash plates at the table. Like i started too before this nice older lady and her grandson ask if i was done at my table.
#5 Napkin boxes at each table please,you dont know how annoying it is to have to ask for more than the 3 thin ass napkins your giving out.
#6 Props to the owner i think it was him. You were coming around asking if everything was okay. I said it was but that was before had the chance to determine what my situation was with the food. But by the time i was in the middle you were gone with i think was your family. So this was one of the reason i gave you the second  star because i see you are at least trying to find the kinks. The first star was a combo of the food was actually good and you have peach sodas.Started following We Dats on instagram & knew I had to visit. Came in, ordered shrimp & fries. Food was prepared hot and fresh. Customer service was friendly & efficient. DH ordered a Long Island iced tea & said it was good & strong-not weak or for the weak! Generous portions, good food, do yourself a favor a stop by.Terrible. One star because I love that the owner gives back to the black community. The prices are way too high for what they are serving, plus the food quality is poor. I ordered a shrimp wrap and the presentation was not whay they portray on social media. It was cold, it only had 4 shrimp (seriously only 4), it was DROWNED in hot sauce, and there were BBQ finger prints all over my greasy box. I tried to get over it but the taste was 10x worst, so I brought it back to the counter. The worker told me that I could not get anything else to replace my sloppy meal. After the agitating bicker between me and the cashier, they agreed to "remake" the meal (they just replaced the cold shrimp and dumped the drenched toppings from the old plate to the new. At least they gave me 5 shrimps this time around. There is a huge outside (before Katrina) trash can in the middle of the restaurant, and barely any place to sit. Plus there was caution tape blocking the way to the bathroom. Very disappointed in this place. Don't believe the hype.I was very excited to go to this place after seeing the progress on IG, but 33$ later the wings weren't cooked well the skin was soft and the sauce was basic, it made me sick to my stomach. I don't think this is a regular thing just maybe a bad batch but I won't be back. I'll stick to the seafood we have great wings in Birmingham.Theeeee complete TRUTH !!!!!!!!
Service great 
Food HOT and GOOD 
This is all I require when I'm spending my money at a establishment. 
I WILL BE BACKFood is good I won't lie but the price for the portions and the wait times are a tourist trap. The owner and his brother are usually at the front when we go and they are very nice and check up on you. Now finding parking is hell of a challenge. Good luck. Only bottled drinks and some expensive alcohol drinks (just go to bourbon). I'll keep coming but NOLA has such good food places with more portions and half the price.Not only were the wings flame, we dropped our wallet here and didn't notice for hours. We called and they had it in their register. Thank you guys.Big wings bomb sauce GREAT customer service! A bit pricey but totally worth it! You'll be very satisfied!Nice atmosphere, love the murals! I tried the Wuzzam Wings and Ranch fries. They charged $1 to add ranch on your fries, but will give you ranch if requested for your wings...i could've saved that dollar and just added the ranch myself lol the fries tasted a little old and the wings were ok. It was basically lemon pepper hot. And the punch was nasty and hot.I got wings and fries and asked for sauce on the side to go. My wings were still tossed in sauce. Wings had no flavor/seasoning. Cheese fries had sad sprinkles of shredded cheese (disappointing) . Ended up throwing it away. Don't believe the hype, food is trash.My son dragged me to this place and I was happy he did. I had the lemon pepper wings and he had the BBQ wings and it was DELICIOUS. The service was great. I love how the owner engage with his customers. I also had something called pineapple lemonade and it was good also. Alright planning another trip back.I ordered Wuzzam wings which were too salty to eat and  shrimp horrible, over cooked. Ordered through UberEATS and instructions wasn't followed to put ranch on the side.I had been craving these wings since before my son was born so I stopped there after visiting family in the hospital.  The line was not long at the time.  Had about a typical 10-15 min wait.  They were so delicious!  Not much parking but it was worth it.  I also had my son with me and the owner, Greg, waited for me to get the stroller, baby, and myself into the car before he went in the shop.  What a sweetheart!!!Great Food and nice People. Came in late after a Pelicans game. Fresh food and great customer service.Well, I'm not sure what all the hype is about but I wasn't impressed at all.  It was a nice twist on chicken wings but I left hungry.  I had the lemon pepper wings with drizzled ranch was well let's say the wings at wing stop are better.  The fries were pretty imaginative but I think because it was late my fries didn't seem fresh.  My better half had the shrimp wrap and she wasn't impressed either.  It's pretty sad when we both looked at each other and said we should have went toWas able to visit this restaurant this past weekend and had a few of their wings. In all service was topnotch and the food was amazing. A bit costly but I enjoyed spending money with them. If you are in New Orleans and have a craving for wings check them out!Delicious big juicy chicken wings! I had the Parmesan and Lemon pepper. I also ordered a side of cheese fries...now for the fries I expected cheese fries to have nacho cheese on them...it was shredded. They were still good, just think the shredded cheese should've been nuked for a minute in order to melt it. Had a slice of pound cake with praline sauce on it. OMG so moist and rich. 
The reason I only gave 3 stars is due to the poor customer service and the music being so loud in there it gave us headaches. Our cashier was not friendly at all. Oh and we ordered some kinda alcoholic punch that was a total let down. Tasted like cherry kool-aid.BEST FRIES EVER!!!  I've never had fries sooo good.  We Datz drenched your fries in whatever toppings you chose anything from ranch dressing, hot sauce and cheese or you can have a combination of all three. The wings are also really good they have a cool selection of flavors even lemon pepper and buffalo mixed!  Staff is nice and helpful. Pineapple lemonade is to die for!We are in from Houston and of course we had to stop by. The wuzzam wings are spicy but good and the seasoned fries are good too. I loved the fresh fried shrimp. The margarita was a bit tart but we had an overall good experience.I was not impressed with this place. There was a little bit of a line when we got there, but moved up eventually. The service was ok. I ordered the 6pc ranch wings with ranch fries. There were no seasonings on the wings, the ranch dressing tasted like a no name brand bottled flavor sauce. It was nothing original. The cost was too pricey for what I had. I tried to order the pineapple lemonade and was told that they didn't have anymore, when clearly they had some left in the fountain. I asked if they were going to make some more and was told they didn't make it in the restaurant, but it was brought in from an outside source. My daughters ordered the apple pie and soon realized it too was something not made in the restaurant, but shipped in from an outside source that carried SaraLee desserts. My BFF ordered the 6pc BBQ wings and said it tasted like Hunts Hickory Smoke BBQ sauce.  Again nothing original.  Maybe it's just me, but if I'm going to spend that kind of money, let it be worth it on something original. If you like stopping by cousin junior's house for his chicken wing masterpieces where the bottled sauces are just poured all over everthing, then this is the place for you. If I am ever in the neighborhood again, I may just stop in to  try some of that pineapple lemonade. Then again...not!!The online order system is very pointless. I ordered and paid for my food online and received a message stating allow 20 minutes for it be received. Only to find out that when I arrived my order had not even put into the system. I ordered and PAID for my food at 10:21p I did not get my food until 11:46p, which is very ridiculous. Along with the lack of workers to fulfill the crowd during a holiday weekend. They had one lady taking order and giving them out. The wings are ok but the customer service is badWas on vaca in NOLA and came across this place on IG and HAD to try it when I got there. Highly recommend!!!Clean your damn bathroom! The bathroom was so disgusting that I couldn't even eat the food at this place. It's hot, no air conditioner on. It smells like fried chicken grease which can be expected but the entire shop shouldn't smell and be smoky. They had no bottled water and didn't have cups to give tap water. The fries are made with bacon bits and shredded cheese, not real bacon and cheese sauce. I'm not impressed.I stopped yesterday and enjoyed the food and the atmosphere! The server was very nice and held great conversation. The food was good. The Wuzzam wings were delicious . The BBQ wings were ok. Its more of a quick meal/have it with a alcoholic beverage meal. I'd go back!Food was okay, nothing worth going out of my way for to be honest. We got the food late night via UberEats. I got the wuzzam chicken wings, lemon pepper wings, and the ranch fries. The ranch fries were delicious!! The wuzzam wings were average. The lemon pepper wings were good, I'm usually not a fan of dry rub but i was really surprised. They're more on the lemony side and very zesty. Overall it was an okay place to visit - it's nice that it's open so late.I was recently in New Orleans I knew I had to try this place because of my favorite Instagram person Supa! My wings were amazing! I had the ranch wings it was so much flavor and they were cooked very well! I am going back in September and will be eating here againExcellent food & service!! Wings are delicious!! Will keep coming back!!! Excellent decor on the inside as well.Very good wings!!! Very good ranch fries!!! The owner and employees are very polite and courteous. Will definitely return.They are slow as hell in here. No real system of how to keep track of orders. A 10 piece meal with sauce was prepared before a 6 piece no sauce meal. The shrimp are tiny so don't bother if you were expecting a few bigger ones. They're expensive too - 6 wings run you $9 and 10 are $15. They're shrimp and fries is dry and lacks cohesion. The fries are just sad and limp with no seasoning. Their "wuzzo" sauce which is hot lemon pepper wings barely has lemon pepper seasoning. I had to ask for extra seasoning on the side. Don't let the few celebrities that have been by there fool you this is NOT the place to be. There are better food places where you can get a better bang for your buck (or at least comparable quality for your buck) than this place.I've been checking this place out from Home for quite a while now, like back when it was just a food truck, so once I got to NOLA I had to try it and I was not disappointed. (Shoutout to Supa!)
I came in for some Togo food as some of my friends were back at the AirBnB. 
I ordered a couple orders of the wings which was a task within itself because of all the good flavor choices. We settled on the Wuzzam and sweet heat wings and they were both pretty bomb. They both came with an order of fries. Everything was fried to perfection and the wings were a nice size too. I also ordered another side of loaded fries, topped with cheese, bacon, jalapeños and ranch...soo good!
The prices were reasonable. Definitely not the cheapest but not expensive either (somewhere in the middle). One thing that did blow me a little was the charging for f'ing ranch! Lol I mean it was only 50 cents a cup but it should be FREE! 
Sounds like I had a great experience right?! So why only 4 stars???
One word...RANCH! Lol
Overall solid establishment with really good wings. Whenever I'm in NOLA I'm there!All I want to know is, how can you have the word "shrimp" in the name of your establishment yet serve obviously frozen shrimp? The shrimp wrap was terrible, messily put together and had about 4 shrimp in total on it. The ranch fries and wings are just a knock off from the wing shack, nothing unique. Customer service was non existent and the place was unorganized. we dat, you gotta do better!Loved this place! I was attending the Shriners convention and was told about this place. What I found was, it was the real deal! the food was good, fresh and hot. The owner gives free meals to any homeless person that comes in. Giving back to the community and helping others.Hands down the best wing spot in Nola. I bought the wings on Monday night, drove back to Atlanta, and ate them Wednesday. They still were delicious. I can only imagine what they taste like fresh. It's a long wait and they need more staff but that's any good place in New Orleans."$40 for wings, fries, and a shrimp wrap. The food was tasty but it wasn't worth $40. Customer service was awesome."  That shrimp wrap though!!!  I bit my fingers enjoying that.I know it wouldn't make much of a difference but if I could give 3.5 stars, I would. This little place delivered a little better than I expected from reading a bunch of reviews. I ordered wings (lemon pepper & hot mixed sauces) & the ranch fries. These weren't the most amazing wings I've had but the flavor was decent (wish the hot was a little hotter) and the wings were a great size. The fries were good but I'm more of a 'crispy fry' girl myself so they were a little soft for my taste. Wouldn't recommend a tourist order this over the loads of places to choose from in a short period of time but if you live/work in the quarter like me it's a decent place to get lunch every once in a while. Will most likely be ordering from here again.Just had the lemon pepper wings and fries. It is great next time I'm back in New Orleans I'm truly coming by.I heard about the restaurant and really wanted to support them. Food was just okay...we had wings, fish, shrimp. The prices were kinda high too! The cashier at the front was rude & not helpful at all. Plus the music playing was really loud. In the middle of our meal, a Christian rap group filmed their music video in front of the mural. Overall the experience wasn't worth the money. I won't go back.Typical New Orleans. Can't read a ticket. Wrong order. Lazy service. Leaves things out. Don't care they got it wrong.It was ok food (if you're in the area with no other choice)... But too expensive for the amount of food you receive. I ordered 2 plates... shrimp and ranch fries and shrimp and fries.. $26. Only 9 regular sized shrimp on each plate. Not worth it. I like supporting small businesses but I need to at least be satisfied after I eat... I was still hungry. The girl taking my order was very polite so I did have a great experience other than that.The Fried Chicken here is the best and the owner of this place is a Class Act helping the homeless stay warm and fed during this crazy cold, we as customers should be supporting a place like this at ev
ery chance we get!I've been coming to We Dats for several months now and it's always a great experience. I always get the wuzzam wings with fries and sometimes I add shrimp or get the shrimp wrap. I love the wuzzam sauce! I always get extra for dipping. Everyone who works there is super cool and nice! You can order online for pick up. It's a nice atmosphere inside with  murals, TVs, and good music.Drove all the way from North Carolina to get these wings. The line to order was long, but worth the wait. Seating was very limited. Tables were dirty because only one person was taking orders and there seemed to be no more help available. The bathrooms were terrible, one out of service. The other had no toilet paper nor paper towels. The food got this place the three stars, because it was delicious, hot, seasoned to perfection, & fresh. You may not be able to eat an entire plate, but it's worth trying! Prices are a bit steep for a chicken spot (30 bucks for 2 people)This place is less than Okay The wuzzam wings not Wuzzam I can tell you that they was beaucoup salty The wing stop in gentilly better and they poo My ranch fries was supposedly supposed to be drizzled in but it was more frowned on this place is all hype and propaganda cause they def not datLocation was easy to find, thanks to GPS. Plenty of parking was available on the side street near the restaurant. Also noticed parking for $5 behind the restaurant.  Once inside, the decor was nice. It was crowded but somewhat organized when it came to order/pick up line (during Essence Festival). I appreciated the cashier picking the better deal for me, since it was lunch. The wings and fries were fresh. The rum punch was great. The only thing I would change is move the soda fountain. It was too high for my 13 yr old daughter and in awkward place (near the register where the line is fir placing orders). Overall, it's a nice place to grab wings and fries on the go.Very good food and drink. Seasoned very well and Long Island tea is mixed very great.The place was clean and inviting. The shrimp plate fish was over priced 22.00 for two pieces of fish and ten shrimp. I ordered cheeses fries and of course they come out with shredded cheese just ruined my plate. I was charged extra for peppers and cheese to add to the fries that should have came with the plate. Now I try and support my black businesses but enough is enough!I stopped here yesterday. The food is rather tasty. I ordered the Wuzzam wings and the Sweet Heat wings with fries with ranch and cheese. Those fries were outstanding. I also ordered the pineapple lemonade, which was rather tasty. The Wuzzam wings had a tangy, spicy kick - I was told they are the number 1 pick. The sweet heat was a little bit sweet for my taste, but were good nonetheless. I am a big believer in supporting small business, so I definitely would be back. I heard the owner tell almost everyone leaving the place: "Thank you for coming." In my eyes, that's a big deal.We Dat is great! I got the wuzzam wings with cheesy ranch fries! So delicious! The staff is super friendly. The whole business is so New Orleans, complete with murals of the city and a life size SupaCent cut out! It's awesome! Go get you some!!The sauces were decent, but the chicken tenders were hard to eat. They were chewy and the fries were really soggy. We also had the wazzam wings that were amazing. Def would go back for wings but that's about itI had been following this place in Instagram and had it bookmarked as one of the spots I wanted to visit when I went I New Orleans. After touring the city we were hungry she was on Canal Street. Saw the sign and instantly recognized it as being on my to do list. 
Walked in there were a few people here but it wasn't crowded  That was a big plus because Omega Psi Phi fraternity was in town and they were everywhere. We ordered our food. Dude at the counter was super helpful and patient as we did not know what we wanted. He was nice enough to make some suggestions and even gave us some samples of this drink they had. The wings and ranch fries are bomb!!! I have not one complaint. I could only eat 3 wings because the ranch fries are a meal all by themselves. If you ever in town go check them out.Waited an hour, all they did was take their time. Walked around on their phones. Staff not only slow but rude. Zero customer service skills.Let me just say three things before I start this review in case you don't want to read it in it's entirety:  1) My first thought after tasting the food was this is the drunk person coming off Bourbon trap. It reminded me of my college days where you went to pretty much any place that was open, regardless to how the food tasted to "soak up" the alcohol. The only difference is We Dat's isn't a cheap post clubbing meal, 2) If you go during a holiday or an event, be prepared for a long line and to stalk tables and chairs like a hawk, and 3) Ultimately, my husband and I ended up sharing 10 wings and all of us left hungry. 
Now for my review...I hate to be so harsh on a small/local business. But, when people are spending their hard earned money to please their belly's, especially here in south Louisiana where we're known for flavorful Foods, they deserve to know the truth. 
My cousins from Houston visited We Dat's on a previous trip to Nola. So it came highly recommended from a reputable source. When we arrived, the line was backed up just short of the front door's entrance. The line moved pretty fast to say how long it was, and the wait was about 15 minutes to get to the cashier to order our food. We received our food about another 15 minutes later. Finally, after about a 30 minute wait, it was time to eat! My husband ordered the sweet heat wings and I ordered the fried shrimp plate. My cousins ordered some wings and one ordered the fried fish plate. 
Sweet heat wings: When I say the sauce was the best thing about the WHOLE meal, please believe me. The sauce is what made the wings edible! Other than that, the wings had absolutely no flavor. Probably because they were pulled straight out of the fridge and into the grease. However, the wings were a decent size. 
Fried shrimp plate: I beg of you to PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY on this meal! The shrimp tasted like fried grease! It was so bad, I tasted one shrimp and immediately knew I was giving my plate to a homeless person. I felt bad about giving the meal to a homeless man, but I didn't feel right just throwing it away. 
French fries: What's up with the fake tomato packets? Can we at least get Heinz for the price we pay? Once again, they tasted like fried grease. I'm not sure how often they change their grease, but that pretty much was the dominant flavor of the night. I'm sure they were Sysco fries because like the wings, they were pored out of a bag and straight into the grease they went. 
Fried fish: I tried some of my cousins, and all I'm going to say about the fish is I've had better at Captain D's smh
I really want to give We Dat's one star, but because they're a local small business, I would give them a 3 star rating. So, I'm taking an average of the two. Go support them and see for yourself because it seems like they have goods days and bad days. Unfortunately, we got the later.I had high expectations from their IG page. The food looked delicious. But it was nothing more than fried frozen French fries and shrimp, loaded with ranch dressing, and Tony's sprinkled on top. Disappointing. Over priced.Damn that was some damn good food! It was so good I had to buy a T-shirt just for the culture. I make this my spot now, if they say anything negative about this spot, they are just hating. They are the real MVP!~ Shrimp Wrap is off the chain and the chicken is delicious! Ranch fries are the best thing going! Give it 6 stars!Food was very good and flavorful... had the wuzzam wings shrimp and fries... Lussen!!! Delicious every drop.. I had leftovers and it was even better the next dayFuck this place. Waited half an hour for some dry ass chicken without the ranch I paid for. Do yourself a favor and go to one of the hundred willies locations nearby for a way better experience and better chickenEXPENSIVE AF ...Everytime a black owned business get some hype they wanna price gouge ,this is not the right way to conduct business ...if you had good food and good prices I would be a consistent costumer but unfortunately this will be my first and last time coming here...I even had to pay for my ranch to go with the wings ....seriously!?!I found this place on instagram a while back and when I was here in New Orleans and my and my friend were looking for somewhere to eat I remembered this was the place. We looked it up and came on over! 
The place was easy to find if was on canal.
We parked in the front had to pay for parking not a problem.
Food of course it's chicken and shrimp. I ordered the 6 lemon pepper wing with fries and on the fries I added bacon ranch and cheese. Wings were SALTY like SALTY I'm not use to that so I was only able to eat 3 of the 6. The fries were sooooooooooo I ate them all! And I had the pineapple and sweet tea it was different but it was good. They ran out of sweet tea.
Customer service was good we walked in the guy greeted us took our order made sure we were good and thanked us for coming. 
Would I come back? Yes
Would I recommend? YesDisappointed. Way overpriced for what I received. My wings were terribly dry. I am being generous with two stars.It's okay! Not horrible. This place is worth trying out. My hubby and I visited this place on Wed, 03/08/2017 during the evening hours. We ordered two 10 pcs wings and two beverages and our tab was $40.00. I don't mind paying for great food. But this was great food, it was mediocre at best.  A 10 pcs wing with fries is a bit pricey considering the Ranch used is not that good. It tasted very cheap. I love WingStop wings and was really hoping this place would be just as good or even better, but its not.  Please consider make a house ranch sauce or purchasing a better quality type of ranch.  Yes, I'm complaining about the ranch sauce! It wasn't good at all.The taste is great, however, the portion size relative to price needs work. I ordered the shrimp and fries, which should be called fries and shrimp. Not what I  expected. For the price i paid I was expecting jumbo shrimp not medium sized shrimp. I'm all for supporting Black local businesses, however, you may need more training on food cost, product, and pricing.  
Like I said seasoned well, however, not worth the price!  Not sure that I would be a returning customer!Decided to try this place since we were at the daiquiri place. Wings were great. The atmosphere was nice and the owner and he explained the paintings of whose who on the wallThe food was delicious and the service was great. Highly recommend this place when you come to New Orleans. Good food and good people.Food is always great. Taste as good as it looks in pictures. The owner is awesome and makes you feel beyond welcome and appreciated for visitingWe came in late last night and were looking for wings and fish. Omg the fish was so fresh tasting and piping hot, the fries have the best seasoning. And the Pineapple Lemonade was delish!! It is a little pricey but the food is very good! I would recommend this place to anyone!!!So I hear about this place a lot on Instagram, and my opportunity was during Essence fest that weekend. I had the chicken tenders plate with fries, while the old man had the chicken wrap. His friend had the wuzzam wings. I might get that next time.  My food was fresh. I took a bite out of old man's wrap, and it tasted so good. Looked like they put some Bell peppers. Maybe it's me, but I found the prices a bit steep, but what can I expect with such a buzzing place? I would have expected the place to be really packed considering that weekend, but thankfully not. I would recommend going here againOMG!!!! My name is Dr. Tasmin Plater, and I'm from Los Angeles, CA. My experience at We Dat's Chicken and Shrimp was so great, I decided to write a review at this current moment! The owner, Greg was so amazing and accommodating!! I screwed up my own order, but Greg and staff ensured that my order was correct and that I received exactly what I wanted in a timely manner! It is so amazing to see customer service at this level! I've always seen the great dishes online, and always wanted to come to the restaurant, I can honestly say, I will come back again not only for the food but for the excellent service!! Great job!!!! I recommend this restaurant to anyone who would want to experience excellent customer service and great food!!!!!!From out of town and the service was horrible. The girl at the register is super rude and very impatient. When you work in customer service you have to treat people right not matter what.I was in New Orleans for four days, and literally ate here once a day. There are so many different options that were available, but I still ordered from here. Each time I ordered a different flavored of wings and fries with ranch. Each flavor was great. I wish they had this place everywhereZUNSEASONED AS HELL!!!!!!!!!! Do not waste your time.  Naked wings are literally naked. No seasoning.  Long wait and shrimp are the size of popcorn. I don't like to leave negative reviews but i wouldn't recommend unless you get your wings saucesd. Extremely hyped.  Sprinkles sal on type of wings.Wings POPPIN! Ranch fries POPPIN! Everything is good. Hands down best wings in the city for real.Ordered a 6 piece wing meal, half Wazzam (lemon pepper & buffalo) sauce & half Sweet Heat sauce. The service was great. The wings were great. They also play good music. It was a mix of Old School & Present R&B. People were singing along in the restaurant!
Next time I'm in town, I'll definitely be back.Cleanliness is somewhat an issue. The quality food is good! This would not be the first place I would recommend in New Orleans but the food was good xAlways order through Postmates wings are great! When it was 20 degrees owner gave homeless free food. Black owned and supports people in need will always get my money!Great food that was FULL of flavor!! Extensive menu, with chicken shrimp and catfish, what more could you ask for. Love the atmosphere and reliant staff. We'll be back for another round, this time for the fried fish.Great food, and great service. This place will soon become a staple in NO , much like Roscoe's is in LA, and Juniors is in NYC. The wings were cooked to perfection, with just the right amount of sauce. The inside decor makes you feel like you're getting a true, authentic New Orleans experience. Will definitely be back.I've been hearing about this place from following Supa on IG, so when I was in the N.O--I had to give it a try! Unfortunately, I was greatly disappointed. The food was subpar and the establishment wasn't clean.  I'll stick to the wing shack when I'm in town.First time in N.O., arrived late in the evening. Found this gem while walking down Canal St. Family and I ordered 3pc chicken and fries. Daughter and I got tenders in Wazzam sauce. Just the right amount of spice without burning your tongue off. Wife and son got the garlic Parmesan sauce. Wife really enjoyed them, but said you really need to be a fan of garlic if you order them. Large tenders and seasoned fries was plenty to fill us all. Thanks for making our first night in town delicious.All I have is love love love for this place! Customer service was awesome and the food is amazing! We ordered ranch and cheese fries with shrimp and catfish! It was perfectly seasoned and SO freaking good! When we visit NOLA again we'll definitely be back! No doubt about it; the place is the truth!The first night my girlfriend and I got into New Orleans, we were driving around looking for some late night food (about 11pm). After I remembered seeing We Dat's on a few different social media accounts I follow, we decided to give it a try. 
We parked right out front (street parking right out front...that was awesome), walked in, ordered and had our food in 10mins. 
The young woman who took our order was extremely nice and helpful with her suggestions. 
My girlfriend and I ended up getting a fried shrimp basket and a chicken wing basket (asked the lady working the register her favorite sauce for the wings and she didn't let us down!!! "Shazum" and "hot n spicy(?)" were bomb.com!)
Great southern hospitality & service!
Great music!
Great food!Ate here after flying in from Houston for week-end.  We stopped here en route to hotel. I like the kind of hole in the wall atmosphere.
For $72 we got 35 wings, 2 shrimp plates and 1 chicken strip plate and a pineapple lemonade.
The staff were very nice and friendly.  I only ate the fries and wings.  The wings were a mix of honey mustard, medium, sweet heat & wuzzam.  Fries were not that good to start off, the meat was dry and over cooked.  Wuzzam was ok. I don't care for medium but that mixed with Lemon Pepper wasn't bad.  Honey mustard was just that, wings tossed in what appeared to be honey mustard dressing. Not bad but also didn't blow my skirt up.  The sweet heat is where I was looking for the good stuff.  1st of all there was no heat to the sauce but it was like a wannabe spicy bbq.  Again not bad but for what I payed I expected more.   The fries were just average.  I would try them again but I'll know now to keep my expectations low.My friends and I stopped here at a late hour after drinking on Bourbon Street. We really needed some food and really wanted some shrimp or po' boys, but nothing seemed to be open! We finally found We Dat's and felt like giving it a shot.
My friends ordered the shrimp and fries with cajun seasoning, and wings and fries; I ordered the shrimp wrap. The shrimp and fries my friend got looked/tasted pretty solid! The shrimp they put in his shrimp and fries, and in my shrimp wrap tasted pretty fresh and good quality. The wings, however, looked kinda meh. My friend said they "tasted exactly how they looked" which was sad to hear. 
I would go to We Dat's again for sure, but not to get any chicken. The shrimp is worth the money, and it is a decent option if it is late and you are starving.Food-5
Ambience-5
We Dat's is a little pricey, but it is worth it in my opinion. Their wings are really good, and do NOT skip out on getting cajun ranch on your fries. I also love how We Dat's is good for the community. There was actually a period when they were giving out free meals to kids with a certain GPA. Honestly, that's how I discovered We Dat's because who doesn't love a free meal lol? The fact that I came back for more after the free meals were done shows that the food is actually good. I saw another review talking about the "loud music", but they've actually played some good tunes when I'm there and it makes the experience a little more fun.I finally got the chance to try We Dat's and it's really good. Now I would come here on holidays and the lines were always to long so I would eat elsewhere. But this time it was meant to be lol. I tried the fried shrimp and Parmesan chicken tenders. The sauce had hella flavor the chicken was juicy and the crust was crunchy.We visited New Orleans during New Years, and here I am two months later... still thinking about this place. This chicken is amazing. I will DEFINITELY be back. We came here three times while in New Orleans. The food was so good. The fries are a highlight. I wish they had this up north.The wings here are AHHMAZINGGGG!!! My Family & I Love their wings!!! Don't waste your time anywhere else, come here!!! I promise you might even bite your own finger of how good the wings are! Haha!!If you want to experience terrible service, mediocre food and 30+ Min wait for "fast food", you have a winner! Avoid this place at all costs. We waited so long and by the time we finally got to the front, more than half of the menu items were unavailable. Disappointing is an understatement.I just got in town and was starving! This place was across the street from my hotel and I've seen the popularity of it on social media so I thought I'd give it a try. The price point wasn't bad and the service was fairly quick. I thought it would be super crowded based on other reviews but that wasn't the case. I waited about 10 minutes for fresh church and it was great. I got the 6 piece sweet heat.The wings were great and had a lot of flavor!! The delivery was very quick and Hot (that's what the 3stars is for) because I don't shredded cheese on cheese fries or Any kind of fries. They were hella dry and super soft from the delivery.The place is ok, it has lots of New Orleans decor and a fair amount of seating. The young lady behind the counter was friendly and helpful with any questions. Now to the food, mediocre at best and that's being nice. It's on the high end on pricing for chicken wings and fries (FYI they charge extra or separately for anything on fries). Hate to say it but they have places with much better wings and prices in the area and definitely in the city.Ok I'm originally from California and I was told to try this place while in New Orleans. I'm not sure what these people are bashing this place about but I ordered from here twice. Holy little 8 lbs 6 oz baby Jesus this place is good! Loaded fries and delicious wings! Yelpers give this place a lower star due to wait times but...it's 2018!...Use Uber Eats!! Great job guysWas at a conference in local area so needed something quick and in the area but wanted to eat local cuisine. Really enjoyed the food here. Got the chicken strips and French fries and it was amazing. The sauces were also great!!! Nice hole in the wall place to go. Felt like it was a locals place. People from all walks of life were in there and that's when you know it's good. The person taking g our order was also very kind!I am not typically a wing person but had been waiting to come here and support the business after seeing it on Instagram. I can honestly say, it did not disappoint. The service was friendly snd quick. The food took about 15 minutes to come out. The parmesan and hot wings were delicious. I probably should've studied the menu a bit more to add some variety to my meal but I was so ready to eat. The only other thing I would change is add ranch to my fries. I only choose bacon and cheese, which made them a little dry but that's on me. We were stuffed after our meal and so happy we came. Too bad we don't live here, otherwise I'd probably be here at least once a week.I am not typically a wing person but had been waiting to come here and support the business after seeing it on Instagram. I can honestly say, it did not disappoint. The service was friendly snd quick. The food took about 15 minutes to come out. The parmesan and hot wings were delicious. I probably should've studied the menu a bit more to add some variety to my meal but I was so ready to eat. The only other thing I would change is add ranch to my fries. I only choose bacon and cheese, which made them a little dry but that's on me. We were stuffed after our meal and so happy we came. Too bad we don't live here, otherwise I'd probably be here at least once a week.I love We Dat. Wuzzam wings with ranch fries are so good and filling. Everything is always fresh and the owner greets each customer.We went to this little Dive Restaurant and Had Chicken wings and Fried Shrimp both were very Good, but The had alot of Fries. Everything was. The Staff were Nice enough not overly Friendly like the Bourbon Heat Restaurant. This place was kind of expensive for what You Get, that's why I gave three Stars.My only complaint is I didn't order more wuzzam wings. Those wings were so flavorful. They also  have great customer service. This is a good spot for a quick bite or late night snack/meal.The absolute worst experience I have ever had!! From the terrible customer service, to the over priced food that was mediocre at best! I placed two orders online and when I arrived there was a terrible representative (fat bald headed bright skin guy with a beard) argued with me for 5 minutes because my order was not in his faulty system, that I would have to pay for another order (50$ order) even though I was presenting my receipt right in front of him,  just because he doesn't have the order in his system!! Finally he decided to actually apply some effort into looking into this dilemma, he decides to redo my orfer. After waiting another 20 minutes for my food, my first half of the order was cold and disgusting! There was nothing offered for my time and trouble. Completely disrespectful staff! I am the most easy going customer you can ask for, and I haven't left a review for an establishment in years, so this review im leaving should speak volumes. I swear to jesus allah and budah that I will never return to this place, and be sure to spread the word to whomever decides to eat there.I've seen this place so many times riding and walking past it so I decided to go with my uncle. The prices are reasonable and the food is worth it. The wazzam and sweet heat wings are so damn goodLast night in New Orleans and this place didn't disappoint. Wings were perfect and so were the fries. My strawberry shortcake was also amazing.the wazzum sauce is very tasty on the wings.  can't beat the Tuesday 75 center wing special.My wait time to begin with was over 22 mins. When you may only have 30 for lunch that's unacceptable.   I and sweet heat chicken wings they were cool to the touch not hot as if they just came out the fryer for which the reasoning for me waiting that long should have been. They were drownded in the sauce the sauce mix togethers and therefore there was no difference in the taste it all tasted one and again prices are high at these chicken wing places.Great food, great establishment great people. I stop everytime I go to New Orleans. The owner is very friendly and on top of business. Food fresh and displayed very nice. Food is not just thrown out they actually push it out with a care. Keep up the great work We DatI live down the street from this place, and there's always a line... which I took as a good sign. So at 10:00 on a rainy Monday I walked half a block with Buffalo style chicken wings on my mind. Now, I know I'm not going to get what's served up at the world famous Anchor Bar in Buffalo...  but here in New Orleans I expected something decent.  
The first thing I noticed was a garbage pail overflowing, dirty floors and a poor reception when placing my order. A simple question about soda was handled as if I asked for free food. I ordered six wings with fries, a small soda and praline pound cake... for 20 bucks. 
I don't mind the price, but it better be good. After a fifteen minute wait the same woman who took my order called my number, and I opened my bag to check it... and two out of the three things I ordered were missing. She couldn't be bothered as she was focused on talking on her smartphone. 
I asked for utensils to eat, and after getting some more attitude was handed a single cheap plastic fork.
We're doing great so far right, and it actually gets worse. Soggy french fries smothered in out of the bottle ranch, mediocre wings and the praline pound cake was the size of a donut... 6 bucks and worth half that amount. At least that tasted really good. 
I wanted this place to be good. This is a family owned business. Maybe I got an, off night. There's no excuse for the woman they had running the register and taking the orders. She was flat out bad at her job. 
What I learned is that long lines are no indication of quality or service. There are more satisfying choices at that price.Wow this place was good. When we arrived the line was short and the lobby was filled with some people eating. 
The inside of restaurant is definitely a vibe. They play hip hop and R&B music from the late 80 to 2010. 
We came here because we had seen it on IG. The food was good however the seating area was dirty until one of the workers came out to clean the whole area. 
It took a while for the food to come out as it's made to order but the wait was worth it. We order the platters , 6pcs wings (sweet heat) with fries. and 8 pcs wings (lemon pepper and Wazzum) with fries. Wazzum flavor is pretty much lemon pepper with hot sauce on it lol. Didn't really care for the lemon pepper. The sweet heat flavor was good. 
Also tried the banana pudding. Not a big pudding fan but this was good to try. 
this place is definitely popular, while we were eating we noticed that the line does get long. But the wait was worth it cuz the food was good.For a chicken place I expect the chicken to be especially good. I was very disappointed. The chicken had no flavor,the fries were underwhelming. I wouldn't recommend this place based on the chicken.I would've loved to try the wings since I came from out of town and have been following for quite some time. We went into the store and were standing in front of the cashier for at least 15 mins and no one behind the counter acknowledged us. One of the girls even took the menu we were looking at and put it back into the menu pile....still not acknowledging us ‍. It's hard to spend money somewhere and no one can even say "hello". Gave them one start bc.....at least they were open! Nice artwork.I've visited New Orleans several times but this was the first time I tried We Dat's and it was amazing!!! I got the lunch special which included 6 wings, fries and a drink and I added on an order of fried shrimp for $6 more. This new hit the spot. My friends got the lemon pepper and hot and they loved theirs too. This will be a regular foodie stop!!My friends and I came to this establishment our first day arriving to New Orleans at 5pm, & our last visit was last night at 945pm. The service and food were great and we from Cali so we gone tell da truth bout food cuz we can be very picky on taste. Thanks We Dat for keep n us fed!!!Just average.  The line wasn't long, maybe 3 people ahead of me, but it took forever to take their orders.  It also took over 20 minutes to get my food after I ordered.  The chicken was dry.  The fries tasted like they were warmed up from the day before, definitely not fresh.  I wouldn't go back, at least not this location.Wings were very good. The WAZZUM sauce was very good. The garlic Parmesan was very good it was not a  dry seasoning, it was wet and that made the wings EVEN BETTER! The shrimp are large and tasty!! The wings at This place are as good as Wingstop!5 other people who ordered the same thing as me were served before me. Why that happened.... I will not rush to judgement but it did not make for an enjoyable experienceWhile we were on a tour I asked some the locals where the best wings are and this is where they told me to go. The wings and fries were great. Lots of different options. Really cheap also. The only thing that threw us off was there soda machine kept getting dirt in our soda cupThere definitely is a lot of hype around this place, many people telling me to check it out when I went to NOLA, but sadly when I got there, it was just OK. I will say the service was great. The person behind the counter was really helpful and nice. They were joking with, I really liked them. The food and especially were just ok. The food definitely on the pricey side kinda, but you do get a lot for what you pay for. The wings were really saucy and could've been a little more tender. And the margarita, omg, sooo strong but not in a good way. And it was warm ... Not the best. I might come here again when I'm in a pinch, but not my go-to place in NOLA.I am giving this place a 5 star because the way the owner treats you when walking into this facility is superb. He treated my gf and I like he knew us his entire life. That's how I want to be treated when walking into a restaurant.It was amazing ! I'm from Texas and i heard about it through social media so i had to try it ! I got the sweet heat and garlic Parmesan flavored wings with shrimp and it was hot and fresh! Service kind of took a minute but the employee who helped me was very nice and also  informed me on the culture of New Orleans and the French quartersThis place was worth the walk. We got their cheese fries and Wazzum wings. Everything was packed with flavor. If you're wondering what the Wazzum sauce is, it's buffalo and lemon pepper. Not my favorite combination but it something different to try.stop turning off your phone line before you close!!!!  
It's not even like it was last minute...I couldn't even order at 11:30!!! UghhhCame to the city during essence fest but left early in order to come here and try it before heading back home. Loved everything about it...the food , the service , the pineapple juice!?! And his mothers BANANA PUDDING....OMG ‍ it's a MUST! The guy at the register was dope too, I believe he's a skater & I flew in from LA so we had a lot to talk about! He was very helpful & overall good attitude !The food is awesome! The prices are high! The experience is decent. 
We Dat's has two options. You can order from the food truck right outside the building or you can order inside the building. Seating is very limited. Napkins are kept behind the counter & depending on what you order, you will need them.
The line is long so I see why there are two options of purchase. If you go with a family, you better watch what you order. I paid $80 for 4 meals. They charge for dressings--ranch or blue cheese. They do give ketchup, cocktail sauce & tarter for free.
The wings & shrimp were delicious. Not one person complained about the food!! I would go back but not during peek hours (late at night).Used to love We Dat. But it has since gone down especially in regards to customer service. Once had to put in an order in Uber Eats three times just for it to be delivered very late due to some event they were having at the restaurant. But if you can't do both at once, then you should have closed for the event. Second and last time at We Dat: put in an order online on the restaurant's website (ordered a 25 piece wing plate with fries with a bread pudding and plus tip = $40). Got to the place and they said the website was wrong and that was the price for 20 wings and not 25. How is that my fault? Fix your site! And to top it off, the order wasn't ready anyway about an hour later. Guy at the counter told us that "everybody has to wait." What do you call the hour we gave y'all? No apology ever uttered. So, ended up getting a refund for the plate. They lost a $40 order over 5 wings and awful time management and customer service. Was looking forward to the Gentilly store, but will no longer be patronizing the business. 
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.This place has gone downhill. Worst chicken wings last couple times. It seems they precook them and then sauce them after you order. Wings taste old and bad... so disappointing. Worst chicken wings I've ever boughtAfter some friends of mine hyping this place up so much I was poorly let down. Wait took a while which in most cases would be just fine if the food is out of this world. In this case the chicken wings were generic to me other than the loaded fries (ranch, jalapeños, and bacon). 
Guy taking order seemed distracted at times with the cooks and would also find time to take a phone call while taking orders...
The atmosphere is cool, I get why people like coming here. I may have just landed on a bad night. I will give it another shot in the future in hopes of a better experience.My little cousin couldn't stop talking about this place so I decided to give it a try.  Well, if you are getting the chicken wings, oh Y-E-S!!  However don't bother with the shrimp platter.  I think I got 9 or 10 medium sized shrimp and lots of fairly good (not great) fries.  I bought two shrimp platters and two bottled Barq's that came out to over $32.00 (and if you pay by debit card, the point-of-sale terminal asks for a tip -- and you do NOT get table service, btw).  Additionally, it took 20 minutes for the food to be ready!  
If you want shrimp and fries, there are much better places, that offer way more for way less.  
However to be fair, the wings are worth it.We Dat is definitely at late night move! It's a good price and you get a good amount of food. The party I was with tried the hot and wazzam wings. I also tried one of the punches. The staff was nice and helped us order. I wanted to try the shrimp but will have to come back. This isn't fine dining but it was a nice experience and good music.I'm being generous with the 2 stars. I can't even explain how underwhelming this was. Of course like most people I went because of the IG pictures and the "popularity" surrounding them but honey it was ALL HYPE. 
First, the prices are ridiculous compared to the portions you get.  I ordered the catfish plate and on top of a bed of fries lied what looked like the fried corpses of Dory and Nemo. Had to be the smallest pieces of fish ever. 
   I took them back and showed them my plate compared to my friends and they remade it.... so that was a plus. 
Now I'm thinking, cool we on to something. I sit down and start to eat and realize that all the seasoning I see in the pics is just for decoration!!! It wasn't bland but there damn sure was nothing spectacular about the taste. 
Cheap Ketchup in damn near empty packets. (Can we please get Hienz or even Hunts.) Also, if you provide  seating, the condiments and napkins should be on the tables. Nope.... had to ask for everything.
The ONE positive is that the staff at the Gentilly location were both friendly and professional. I won't be going back... but, you should still try it!!! ‍‍While visiting the beautiful city of NOLA one of my friends found this spot on instagram. It was getting late and truly one of the only spots we wanted to try left opened. There was a line but nothing too crazy. Now for the wings...AMAZING!  They were cooked and seasoned so well. Just the right amount of sauce (Wuzzam flavor) and no soggy skin #Amen. Loved them and will definitley be back during Nola visits. Note...I'm only taking away one star due to the rude chick we encountered towards the end of our meal. If you're going to let customers in close to your closing time be prepared to give them time to eat their food.  Or even better lock the door if you're not going to give them time or another option is to tell them they have to get it to go. However everyone else on the staff was really nice and asked us how our visit was.  Luckily the food was great and she didnt ruin the experience.I live in Houston and I heard about the food truck so I was surprised to see a physical location so close to my hotel on Canal Street. I ordered my food online and walked over to pick it up. 
I ordered the shrimp wrap and it was sooo good. Well seasoned and full of delicious veggies! The service was good the cashier was very nice and explained the menu well. I ordered online picked it up and went back to my hotel in less that 30 mins. How can you complain about that !? It's a decent size place with seating available.
One thing that stood out to me was the prices seem a little high for some items. Other than that I like the place and plan on coming back.
If your in New Orleans I recommend coming here.This is a great spot for me for lunch between class at Tulane social work school. wings and fries are on point if you like wet wings they also have a mean margarita which I will say it is delightful very friendly and a nice atmosphere insideThe wings were really good. Even though we had to wait a little bit for them. I also loved the Pineapple Lemonade they have as wellOne of the BEST wing places in the city! love coming here on a Tuesday to get their .75 cent wing special. The pineapple lemonade and wuzzam wings play a factor in my return as well. Love going to a dining establishment with the assurance of never being disappointed AND its black-owned! I could not ask for anything more.Service is kind of slow, but it was so close to our hotel I had to try it! 
The parmesan chicken wings are deeelicious, 'nuff said!
They have specials for lunch, I believe 11a-3p.  For wings and fries was only $7.99!Went to We Dat in New Orleans Convention Center during Essence Fest and the wings were very very small. $10 .00 for 6 wings that looked like they killed the birds in City Park. I have brought wings from We Dat several times and never that small. They are wrong for treating visitors like that and only serving wings no fries or bread. I will not purchase from them again. What a rip off. Shame Shame ShameI've heard about the WeDatFood Truck via social media, so while visiting from Atlanta I was looking forward to it. Granted, I had a certain expectation for wings due to living in Atlanta where you can get a good chicken wing anytime.
Well I must say I was highly dissapointed. I got the 6 piece (ranch wings extra crispy) and they were not good. The wings were not seasoned (not even a little), they were just fried hard and ranch dressing was poured over them (which is not what I consider ranch wings to be) there's dry ranch seasoning that I'm used to but hey. I also got an order or ranch cheese fries, which were fries with shredded cheese and ranch dressing poured on top. (I'll admit I'm used to cheese fries having queso or melted cheese on top not cold shredded cheese sprinkled on top.) The prices were high $9 for a 6 piece and $15 for a 10 piece with no fry or drink included. Fyi they only have ranch dressing as a dipping sauce, so don't ask for bleu cheese (which is always my choice).  The pineapple lemonade was good but everything else eh.
I'll admit I had an expectation and maybe that was my fault. But hey people rant and rave about this place and the N.O. is known for its food (mostly seafood) but food, so I assumed (and you know the saying about assuming) that it would be on point and it was not. Trust me you've had better wings and have made better wings at home.I went in to  We Dat's Chicken and Shrimp yesterday and my I say that was the most disgusting place I have walked into in a long time 
the place was actually smelly disgracefully 
and dirty there was stuff all over the floor like it had not been cleaned in months the walls looked like customers rubbed there hands with grease a cross the walls I walked further up were you order there was no one there to take your order  
The board you order from looked like a greased frying pan also and nothing to choose from maybe you just yell out your order then I turned to leave and saw the worst yet the trash can they have stuff was spilling out of it and it stunk I think this place needs help do not eat here  there were a couple people eating there but they looked like Zombies no I am not kidding 
I think this is the worst The French Quarter of  New Orleans Louisiana has which is a dirty chicken coup No Not Eat Here I would be so scared of salmonella poisoning I don't what to say  
THIS PLACE WAS JUST AWFULMy fav spot! I always make it a point to stop in for wings when I'm in town!!!! Great atmosphere and AMAZING food!!!!Let me start off by saying I ALWAYS root for the home team, but sadly in this case I simply can't. A friend and I ordered a 10 piece and 6 piece wings and fries, waited 20 minutes only for the order to come out incorrect. Gave them the order back and waited 20 more minutes for extremely overcooked wings and deathly salty fries. Dared not send the food back again. $30 I spent on a very bad experience, can't say I will be taking anymore out of town friends there anytime soon, was rather embarrassed! Definitely ease up on the wing cook times and the amount of season salt on the fries, we ended up tossing the food in disappointment. Please home team, get this TOGETHER A.S.A.P.....I used uber eats to order from here. I ordered 2 orders of ranch fries with bacon and cheese with our catfish meals. Neither came with ranch. Which was the whole point I ordered here since I had been told about their ranch fries. There wasn't any seasoning on them as well so very bland. To top it off I added 10 extra shrimp to our order and there were only 8.  I guess they thought maybe we wouldn't count. The catfish was good just wish there was more seasoning. And I wish the rest of my order would of been correctly sent.The loaded fries are a meal by themselves. The cheese,  ranch, and bacon were a perfect blend for these loaded fries. The pineapple lemonade is good as well. They have great customer service and great atmosphere. I would definitely recommend people to get this!Favorite place to eat at. I hate that they no longer take call ins, and instead you have to go through their app or another app. It gets a little confusing sometime. But I can always say my food is always ready for pick up when I arrive and if ordering it's worth the wait. Just ask them not to put your potato salad in the same container as your main dish. They don't put your online order in a warmer so it sits out with your food. I always afraid I might get sick from it so I throw it out.I've been in New Orleans since July 2018. Been frustrated with the quality of food at many restaurants and even more frustrated that at most stores the employees seem extremely inconvenienced to do their jobs and offended that you bother to disturb them while they are chatting with friends or doing nothing at all.   Then I came to We Dat and damn, this place is beyond amazing. I've tried a few different meals at We Dat and every meal exceeds my expectations. Definitely the best chicken in New Orleans.  To top it all off, the employees are friendly, helpful and absolutely great.  Between quality and service, five stars is not high enough, they deserve a higher rating.Came here on recommendation from a friend.
Line was short when I got there, but got longer while I was sitting waiting on my order. I was there on a weekday afternoon. 
Ordered wuzzam wings and ranch fries. Both were really good. Also had a margarita & Long Island. Both were strong, although I didn't like the Long Island as much.  
Good music playing during the wait, wait wasn't very long. 
Would come back when I'm in the area.I've heard so many awesome things via social media and word of mouth and they all we're true! The place is so beautiful on the inside and the walls are decorated with art and everything was clean. The employees we're very friendly, patient, and energetic. I ordered the "Wuzzam" wings the first visit and "BBQ" the 2nd visit. Both were awesome! The owner was also onsite and made sure everyone was satisfied. Every bite was extremely delicious and satisfying.We dats has officially lost my business. It's a shame because I love the wings but unfortunately my order has been incorrect multiple times. First few times they refused to give me a side of ranch to go, just ignored my request altogether. The next time I ordered, they gave me a side of ranch with a top that didn't fit and ranch got all over the to go bag. Then TWICE in a row, they incorrectly SLATHERED my fries in ranch when I clearly selected cheese fries only. Which pisses me off because not only did I not get my side of ranch for the wings but they also ruined my fries (it was a delivery so the fries were cold and soggy once they arrived). I'm sorry but the food is way too expensive to be dealing with mistakes like this. $30 down the drainIf you love chicken wings and you go to New Orleans and you don't try this place with very easy access to plenty of parking the staff is friendly and the food is fresh I don't know what to think about youMy first stop after checking into my hotel! Food was amazing might take some back to philly. The guy who took our order was awesome! Sad I didn't get to see the fine ass owner or danrue & his beard but great experience great food and great staffWas In NOLA visiting from South Carolina ..we enjoyed the wings and fries..the customer service was great..we definitely return the next time I'm in town..great late night spot !Arrived place packed , they were producing a video, kids and adults everywhere. Looked for a place to sit cashier stated the space we eyed was being used for video and that those people purchased over 50 orders of wings WTH does that have to do with me , the lies he told , they never shot in corner. Some people left and we where able to sit ourselves. Food sat on counter because he was proccupied with the video . Wings and fries room temperature, hell I've had better wings at corner store Brothers, but we wanted to support a local New Orleans business, we walked in lighting and thunder to get there , I think it was a sign to stay away .But overall we enjoyed the video because the kids danced. And a few in group had upset stomachsThe food is good, the service is too! Most wings are very spicy! Their fries and their fried chicken are good as well! The place is always clean and a bit loud! I'd recommend it  if you're in NOLA and would like to go somewhere super casual and chill!Was so excited to visit this restaurant it was our first stop from the plane, I order a catfish plate with fries. The food and service was greatOur second night out in New Orleans and one of my friends that have previously visited suggested that we stop by to try their wings. We waited at least twenty minutes in line for the server to take my party's order. I figured that if we waited this long to get our order taken that the food would be delicious and I was excited to find out. I waited order after order seeing individual's in my party get their order called then I noticed that they started calling orders that had been placed after I ordered. At this point I had been I had been patiently waiting for my order for over 45 minutes and when I asked about my order, one of the servers told me that he didn't when my order would be ready. Eventually another server took my receipt and got my order served to me. It took over an hour for my order to be served to me. My order of A 6pc Wings tossed in Wuzzam sauce wasn't worth the wait. Terrible customer service & lackluster foI was in town for a class & I took my mother and sister along with me. We were looking for something to eat but didn't feel like going to a restaurant to physically sit. We were staying at the TownePlace suites (which I HIGHLY recommend)
and We Dats happened to pop up as a nearby restaurant & they didn't lie when they said NEARBY.  
It was literally down the street so we walked. 
When you walk in you're greeted by good music and beautiful artwork! many famous people or significant NOLA figures were painted on the wall which i though was different and amazing. 
The staff was SUPER friendly! They took time to explain whatever menu items we had questions about despite a line and and gave us HONEST recommendations. 
We purchased the WAZZUM wings + shrimp & fries. The food came out quickly and usually does so in the order it's ordered. 
My only complaint would be that the shrimp isn't well seasoned but my wings were GREAT and even tasted great the next day! The buffalo & lemon pepper flavor combo was one I'm all too familiar with and their mix was great! If I'm ever looking for something quick in NOLA I'll definitely be returningThis is my third time coming here since moving to New Orleans in August...not once have I been amazed by the food. I ordered 10 wings & fries, banana pudding & a Fanta. The only thing I finished was the Fanta. The banana pudding tasted old. The wings were so salty I could only eat 2 of the wings & I struggled to do that. I've had enough sodium chloride for the rest of my life in those 2 wings I ate. 
A complete waste of money because I could've gone to Target & got a bigger bottle of Fanta for cheaper since the Fanta ended up being my dinner anyway.
Since I only give three chances to anything I do, I won't be returning.
I'm always going to support a Black/family owned business before I take my money anywhere else but I won't have someone driving a nice car or living in a nice home on my dime & you can't even get wings right. Not on my watch. On God this place is 1000% overrated.