This place had one of the best salads I've had in a while. Wife had the shrimp salad. The dressing was awesome. Only thing is that they didn't devein the shrimp. Also tasted the French dip sandwich & curry chicken salad sandwich. Both were delicious.I was hungry for a really good salad but not the run of the mill Cobb or Ceaser but something different and filling . I did a yelp search and I'm glad I did . The 4.5 stars for this deli should be 5 ! The restaurant was clean and comfortable and the service was above average. The salads are made to order and I ordered the curry chicken salad salad and it was ready even before I went and sat down ! This was probably one of the best salads I have ever experienced and I can't wait to come back and try a different salad or maybe the curry chicken salad again . I did not have a sandwich but looking at the other patrons sandwiches told me that I would not be disappointed! If you are hungry for sandwiches and or salad this is a must try !Very friendly restaurant close to my hotel.  They were closing soon after I arrived so I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich and soup.  The service was quick and the meal was tasty.The prices are a little high but the quality of food as well as quantity is excellent. Their daily specials could be your lunch for 2 days so really just split the price in half and you are basically makin groceries. They always have a great selection of daily sugar free tea flavors.Delicious but not as cheap as I was hoping. Relatively good prices for the CBD. Service was great and very friendly.Good stuff! This my new fave sandwich spot, so many options and you get to dress your food yourself at the EXTENSIVE condiments bar! Also great staffWelty's Deli catered a small staff party we had at the Saenger Theatre today.  We've used them before and the food is always fresh and delicious!  Great pulled pork, mac, caesar salad and yummy desserts.  I recommend this place to cater events and just for a nice lunch.  Thanks Welty's!Very charming. Proprietor and staff were very friendly and engaging with customers. I had a sausage, egg, cheese on wheat that was very good. My husband had a salmon bagel that he said was fresh and tasty. They had good portions and a bar of condiments and veggies. Not being a big fan of the more barky proprietors you find in big cities, it was nice to find such a charming place to eat. I highly recommend it.The food was good. But Tina the "owner" (as she told me) was very rude. Customer service is not her forte. Maybe she was having a bad day, but it truly left a bad taste in my mouth. Her employees though are very sweet and helpful. If not for them I would have left.Great lunch spot. A little pricey but the plates are huge. Would definitely come back next time I'm in town.A slight walk from our hotel, but thank you Yelp! A local deli with a huge variety of salads, sandwiches and soups with local New Orleans flare. Off to the airport we got our sandwiches to go.  Colleague got the traditional muffuletta and I got the veggie.  Huge sandwiches, fresh ingredient - her muffuletta had salami, mortadella ham provolone olive salad fresh vegs.  My veggie was on sourdough with fresh tomatoes marinaded artichokes olive salad eggplant mushrooms mixed with a delish pesto. This place is great, a dozen different fresh salads from chef, smoked salmon, shrimp remulode, curry chicken. Their sandwich selections are tremendous; choice of over a dozen breads or croissant, pretzel or other onion rolls, traditional deli meats or local concoctions.  Place is packed, but friendly service.  Get your sandwiches here!  Everything is delish and fresh.I was told to try the Muffuletta while visiting New Orleans.... it was amazing.  The hospitality was better.  Great little deli in the busy part of town.  I will definitely recommend this to friends traveling to NO!The food was fantastic. Service was great also. Worth the expense, Will definitely eat here againWent here yesterday and has the Napa Salad. It was delish! I was watching all the amazing looking salads go by... Now I have to try every one they have! We will be back! Only downfall is parking but we just parked and fed the meter then walked three blocks! Totally worth it!I was too late for breakfast, served until 10:00 am,  but close enough to lunch at 11:00 so I had the Seafood Chowder and half a Roast Beef sandwich. The chowder was excellent, lots of shrimp and fish in a thick soup. It was very tasty. The sandwich had very tender rare roast beef and enough for a whole sandwich, not just a half. They have a self service bar with any condiment you would want. There must have been 20 different sauces you could try, from mayonnaises, mustards, BBQ, and hot sauces, to lettuce, onions, peppers, pickles, etc. By the time I left, the lunch crowd was beginning to show up.  The staff is friendly and attentive. They called some of the customers by name, which is a good sign that they would come back. It's behind the Intercontinental on Camp Street near Poydros. They are worth a try. My tastes are fairly simple and I like  this place.Stopped in here for a quick lunch on the way back to the hotel. Friendly staff, owner gave us great suggestions. Large sandwiches- nice selection of condiments: peppers, sauces, etc. husband had a huge delicious muffuletta. Breakfast menu looked yummy as well.Welty's is fantastic! Came here today for lunch and ordered the Muffaletta and the Welty's House Salad. Both had huge portions and were very tasty! Customer service was great all around from the person who took our order to the person who cleared our plates. I'll probably be back in on my last day in NoLA to order a sandwich to go!We braved the weather...torrential rain and flash flood warnings based on other yelp reviewers assessment of the muffaletta.   We were not disappointed.   The muffaletta was huge.  The sesame seed bun was fresh and soft. The olive tempanad was so tasty.  We also had a side of cole slaw which was crispy and just the right amount of sweetness.   
The service was super friendly....a great break place in NOLA!!This was my first time here. I had a rare 1 hour lunch break, so I wanted something that took a little more effort than a cheeseburger, but I didn't want to go sit down in a restaurant either. I came across this place as I was walking to another restaurant and I decided to stop in here because it looked cooler.
That lady that assisted me was really nice. I guess I came in during their lunch rush (12:00-ish) but the woman did make a little conversation with me, while still efficiently moving the line. I ordered the 1/2 soup and 1/2 salad combo. I got their soup of the day, which was loaded baked potatoe soup and the Welty salad. I was given a ticket and it took less than 10 minutes to give me my food and I was out the door. On my way out, I stopped at their "laniappe bar", which has various condiments that you may need with your meal. I got banana peppers, pickles and honey mustard dressing to go with my salad, along with napkins
I got my meal to go and ate it at my job. The soup was very good. This was my first time having this type of soup and it was a very good first impression. When I opened the salad, it had come with a side cup of balsamic vinigarette dressing so I used that instead of the honey mustard. The salad was also very delicious. It had mixed greens, chopped olives, shredded carrots, a tomatoe wedge and two quarters of a hard boiled egg. It also had some stringy stuff on top which i cant identify off the top of my head but maybe you can if you look at the picture I've included.
The entire meal ran me $10.08. I was very pleased and I will definitely go there again, possibly to try their sandwiches :-DGreat food and choice- healthy choices too- friendly service (what else in the Crescent City!) would definitely recommendWe were drawn in by the scent of good food as we passed by - we had excellent salads - Asian chicken, Caesar salad, and a few others. All were great and freshly prepared. Be sure and get some of the fresh fruit/lemonade combinations. Think it fills up quickly with the local business district lunch crowd so there may be a wait. Owners work the counter and were great to talk to. Full menu of New Orleans sandwiches too. Definitely a place to return to a little off the tourist path.Muffuletta was one of the best (and definitely the biggest) I've ever had. It was fantastic! The staff is very friendly and the restaurant is very clean and nice.A friendlier place you will not find in NOLA. Big crowd there at lunch and we arrive with 10 people. No problem, come right up to order and we will find you a place to sit. Need help ordering? No problem, we will find something you like. Good food. fast and well priced. Lots of choices.  Did I say they were friendly?Welty's, I love you.
It's a sandwich shop. Just a little downtown, CBD,  open for lunch only, type of sandwich shop. The kind of sandwich shop with a basic menu, simple meats, the usual cheeses and a couple of salad choices- type of sandwich shop. Nothing special, right? WRONG! 
Welty's is awesome. Let's start with the service. They are open for lunch and they are always very busy. However, the people that work here are so damn pleasant and will  never rush you through your order without asking how your day is... And are actually interested in your reply.
The food. Oh my, the food. Who knew a turkey sandwich could be so good? Where do they get their roast beef from? Heaven? Or the au jus for the french dip? God, I am drooling just thinking about it. Let me just make one thing clear; Welty's piles the meat on those sandwiches. You will not go hungry, you can split just about everything, and most likely will meet your protein goal for the week in one fell swoop. Their daily specials should not be overlooked (baked potato soup is excellent) nor should you pass up the salads. The chicken curry salad is one of the better salads that I have ever had.
Oh and that lagniappe bar off to the side with a gazillion different types of mayos and mustards and pickled onions? My kind of place.So welcoming to us!!
All suggestions were perfect for us. Loved the muffuletta and Welty's salad - HUGE portions!!!I just had a salad that changed my life.  As a self-proclaimed salad snob the salad I had here was life-altering.  Romaine salad with cajun jumbo shrimp with a cilantro vinaigrette dressing.  Large portion, was stuffed.  Great staff, quick service.  Wish there were places like this in DC...Just in town for a visit.  I decided I really needed a muffaletta.  You have to try this new orleans original.  Large enough for four people and the bread, quality of ingredients as well as the olive salad is to die for.  All of the workers were wonderful and fully accommodating.  I'm coming back to this eatery.First time visiting Welty's and I'm sincerely hoping it won't be my last. We were spotted by the staff immediately as "newbies" and taken in with open arms and a friendly atmosphere. The selection is wonderful, and the food is great. Fresh and flavorful, and brought out fast. Definitely setting the standard for nearby delis high. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a good lunch!I had the Ruben Sandwich and was the best I have ever had. The portions are quite generous and the service is quick. Such a great place for lunch, I will be back.After eating all the rich food of NOLA on our visit, this place was a nice break to get some really yummy deli sandwiches!
My husband and I both had a traditional turkey sandwich with the kettle chips and potato salad. The staff there was EXTREMELY friendly. 
The chips were homemade and there was a condiment bar to pile on anything you needed! They had tons of spreads with lettuce, tomato, onions pickles, peppers and more. Potato salad was delicious! 
We came at the tail end of when they were about to close and noticed they didn't rush their customers out the door even when 2pm hit. This is always much appreciated.Outstanding food and friendly service.  I highly recommend this as a great local deli that seems to draw a local business clientele.  You will not be disappointed.Excellent sandwiches! I had the New Orleans AK and I it was a massive sammy delivered on a toasted muffuletta roll piled high with ham, turkey, pastrami, and corned beef! 2 cheeses melted on a toasted roll accompanied by a side of tasty slaw. Waded it down with an unsweetened ice tea.Walked in randomly, doesn't seem like that much at first except for the blast of cool air coming in from the heat. The smoked salmon salad is amazing!! Also the homemade pomegranate lemonade. Great service as well. Great place overallMy husband and I were vacationing from New York and wanted a quick bagel.  Not only did we get charged $6 for bagels but then we had to toast and butter them ourselves.  A bagel with butter is a $1.50 in New York fully prepped.  There was even a roach in the pastry fridge crawling all over the place.  We told the people behind the counter and they removed the dish with pastries but 5 minutes later the pastries were back in the fridge.  That roach should've been our cue to walk out of there.I work nearby and this is one of my favorite places for lunch. The soups are amazing, the salads are delicious and have high-quality ingredients, and the portions are HUGE. They offer a regular menu of sandwiches & salads, but feature a special soup, sandwich, salad, and plate lunch everyday. The plate lunches are big enough that I have always split them with my coworker and we always left stuffed (and I eat alot...). They make their own salad dressings, which is a big plus for me. They have one of the best cesar dressings ever, and their broccoli and cheese soup is my favorite.Was visiting NOLA on business and found this awesome little spot via the magic of Yelp.  This place is a bit off the beaten path but the short walk there is completely worth the trip.  On a hot, steamy NOLA day it was a treat to seek refuge with the fantastic salads and very friendly owners at this place.  We ordered the Shrimp Remoulade and Chicken salads and they were outstanding.  Fresh shrimp and housemade remoulade were impressive and the quality of the greens was fresh.  The chicken salad was flavorful and not overly salty which was appreciated. We had refreshing house made blueberry/mint ice tea that was also out of this world. We noticed that a lot of folks that work in the area seemed to regulars at this place so it seemed that this little deli has a strong local following as well.  Don't miss this place and make sure to say hello to the nice owner at the front of the house!We stopped in here for breakfast during a recent conference and the owners were the nicest people in town!  We're from up north and my friend asked to have her bagel hollowed out to cut down on carbs. She got a funny look, a laugh and then a "we don't do that."  That sounds bad, but it was hilarious and I don't think anyone is hollowing out their bagels in the Big Easy.  After that we sat down to a nice breakfast.  I got the salmon that usually goes on a bagel in a wrap... I know, I know, I'm just as bad.  But it was really good and what made it better was one of the sauces over on the shelf.  They have at least a dozen of them and the one I had was perfect with the salmon.  My friend enjoyed her (unhollowed) bagel and we were ready to start our day in the Big Easy.  Thanks to the folks at Welty's for the nice, warm welcome!This sandwich place makes amazing food.  Really fresh with high quality ingredients.  Bf loved the egg salad sandwich and my asian chicken salad we so good.  Chicken on top was so flavorful! Great condiment bar so you can dress your own sandwich, tons of sauces to choose from too.  Neat little place, I got it to go, they were fast and really nice.  Going back again today for lunch!This is my go-to lunch spot downtown. They have a large selection of sandwhiches, salads and lunch plates. There are also daily specials which I recommend trying (usually include a sandwich, salad, soup and a plate special like red beans).
I tend to order the curry chicken salad which is really good. I order it on pumpernickel and it comes with chips or a fruit cocktail cup and a pickle. 
You can tell that the food is fresh and that the place is clean and well managed. The owners work the front counter and are always there -- a sign that a place is well-run and cared for.
Only thing to improve it would be to replace the fruit cocktail side with real, fresh fruit.Wonderful! Friendly people. Generous portions. Good variety. Really neat decor. Food was wonderful. Try the chicken tortilla soup.I come here every once in a while for lunch (I work across the street).  I almost always get the Asian Chicken Salad.  It's just SOOO good...
Baby greens topped w/Roasted chicken, carrots, red 
cabbage, Mandarin Orange segments, Fried Rice 
Noodles, Sliced toasted almonds & tossed in our 
Ginger Soy Dressing
My only issue here is the prices.  Just a little high for me.Food was excellent, owner can spot a tourist from the moment we walked in the door and she was very nice as well. Very good spot for lunch, highly recommend!We went to Welty's on Halloween to grab a sandwich and salad for take out. The staff was great fun and the food was amazing. Great mufflaleta (lots of olives) and salad. If you are in the NOLA business district and want a great, filling, deli lunch check this place out.Humongous delicious muffulettas! Son got 1/2 muffuletta and shrimp gumbo soup combo and it was delicious and a great value...a taste of local flavor lightened up. Tapenade in sandwich was amazing and made it along w the usual sliced Italian muffuletta meats (but thinner and not heavy). Light on salami if that makes a difference but the ham was especially excellent !
Counter orders and pickup but the place was comfortable, cool, clean, bright and friendly!
Highly recommend!I hadn't been here in at least 10 years since I don't work in the CBD anymore.  I felt like eating a fresh sandwich and decided to venture to the CBD.  It was definitely worth it!  The service and food is fantastic. I lucked out and got a parking spot right in front - yes I had to pay for parking, but not complaining.  I had the California Club. Delicious!  You can't find a sandwich like this everywhere. Guess I'll be driving to the CBD again more often. One note - my sandwich wasn't cut.  No big deal.Eat here quite often as it's close to my office.  The food is sooo good!  I usually get whatever is a special that day....the salads are huge and never disappoint.  Plus the waitstaff is so friendly and the food is reasonably priced.  
Go there!This place is awesome!! Walked by and saw a happy crowd and wanted to join in!  Family owned and operated. Mrs. Welty was super approachable, accommodating, and amazing beautiful!!!  Being from out of state the hospitality was truly great! The Cochon (breakfast bowl) was on point.I enjoyed Welty's. I got the California Club on a ciabatta, and when I first got the sandwich, it looked too big to finish, but I somehow managed to eat all of it. I also enjoyed the fruit cocktail that is available as a side. Great spot for lunch. It's nice to have it so close to work.So legit, this was AMAZING! The owner, or who I hope was the owner was so passionate and welcoming to tourists. The food is beyond phenomenal and fresh. She found out it was my birthday and brought a brownie with candles to our table and sang. Should be a #BucketList for anyone visiting.If you arrive at 11:50 a.m. and they're already out of entrées, I guess that's a good sign. It's busy, but places free up fast, so don't be that douche who puts a coat at a table while you're waiting in line to order. I had a perfectly respectable Reuben sandwich and a mango lemonade. I liked the food here more than the nearby Majoria's Commerce restaurant.Quick service, great prices, Iced Tea and WOW, what a great wrap.  Just delicious.  Hit the spot for me while attending a conference.  Conference food is always awful, so I skipped out and found this place.  YUM.Now this is what I'm talking about.  Excellent lunch, fresh and local ingredients, friendly counter staff, good sized portions.  By good I guess I mean large. 
Their salads are always wonderful, their soup delicious.  I highly recommend the flavored lemonade.  The mango is my favorite.
You can check out the menu online and order over the phone. 
Otherwise, as previous reviewers have mentioned, it gets packed in there.  My office mate and I go around 11:15.  We find this a good time to go anywhere for lunch. 
Convenient to CBD people, worth the walk over from the 1/4.Great roast beef sandwich! Friendly staff. A little pricey....almost five stars but for price.The Napa salad with chicken was beautiful: fresh avocado, delicious crostini, tender chicken. Fast service, nice atmosphere, well-sized portions. Perfect place for a quick lunch.I am in Nola for a week for a work meeting and found this little gem right on he first day. It was so good that I went here for lunch for the rest of the week. It's delicious, fast, staff is very friendly and compared to other places affordable!Best Lunch in the CBD, I wish they had a dinner spot too.  The daily specials are the best, Friday seafood specials are usually too hard to resist.The employees were extremely rude and degrading...and their sandwiches are nothing specialGreat local place! Sandwiches, soup and  salad.  I had the turkey on pretzel bun.... yummy! Price  is reasonable and service was good.Wonderful gem!  Delicious food and a wonderful staff!  I suspect the lady who took our order was the owner.  She was a riot and super sweet.  I recommend this place for a break from all of the heavy Louisiana cuisine.  Definitely be back before our departure.If you work downtown, this is a great little sandwich and salad shop.  It's very popular and often crowded.  I go here at least once a week.
PROs:  Great, friendly staff.  Good selection of sandwiches and salads, which are tasty.  Daily specials for variety.
CONs:  Their dishes are not universally appealing, though they are consistent.  What I mean by that is, some people like their chef's salad, for example, but others will hate it.
I (and some of my girlfriends) could eat the chicken caesar salad every day, though.
Portions are huge.  Bread in sandwiches are on the thick side.  (CON for me, but PRO for others)Love love loooove Welty's! Used to eat lunch here all the time and everything was always bursting with flavor. Never had any complaints, always busy, but never left waiting too long!This place is great! First and foremost, the business owner is a delight. She really engaged with her customers, has a great sense of humor, and you can tell she really cares about the people who walk in the door. Even if the food was terrible I would still like this place. 
But the food is great! Big portions, you can add your own toppings, and they have a variety of sauces to choose from. I'm coming from NYC so I'm used to delis (good and bad!) - I'd love to have this be my neighborhood deli.Amazing food, super friendly, great experience wait staff was polite and professional well worth the money.Owner is very nice.  Wife loved her turkey on pumpernickel. I had Ruben which was good. Potato chips were great. They have a nice condiment bar with pickles.  Deserts looked great but we resisted.Try the muffaletta. It is enormous...bigger than my head. Definitely enough for two also the gumbo was fantastic. A little busy during lunch but we'll worth the wait.Two days in  a row - great sandwiches and service. If I lived here this would be my go to lunch spot!What a fantastic place. These guys define what I've always said restaurants -- whatever food you intend to make, do the best job possible. These guys have decided to be the best lunch spot possible, and they've succeeded. I don't even look at the menu when we come in - I just ask for the special, and it always is drop-dead good. Nice people, hyper-attentive, and an great vibe. 
If you are visiting NOLA, take the time to walk over and have a great lunch away from the tourist restaurants and treat yourself to the best $15 meal you will every have.Tina and the whole Welty's team catered a large event I hosted at the Port of New Orleans.  They did a fantastic job and were active members of my team in the lead up and day of the event.  I can't speak more highly of them!  Thanks so much!Delicious breakfast. The Belgian waffle is fluffy and covered in powdered sugar. Perfect start to my day.I am enamored w/ their vege sandwich - I get it on multi grain bread w/ provolone cheese & it is quite YUMMY!!!! mmmmMMM!!! Roasted veges - so nice!!! Comes w/ chips. I have had their salads & other (wheat) pasta (chicken-something) for a business luncheon & loved them as well!! 
The staff are very friendly & helpful!Really enjoyed the seafood patty sandwich and the grilled veggie sandwich.  The line is long and worth the wait.Tina the owner recc. The new orleans AK. The sandwich is huge and delicious. I'm ordering another one for the airport. Don't go to the tourist trap, Mothers. Instead walk around the corner and go to Weltys. Super delicious and a local spot. I hope tourists don't ruin gems like this one. 
Ps. Tina is super friendly, nice, welcoming ... place is also very clean and classy.I definitely recommend eating here day or night. The French dip was the best I have ever had with a nice crisp bread and the prime rib was very flavorful! The Au Jus is very tasty as well and maybe my favorite part of my experience besides the very friendly and helpful staff that give suggestions and opinions that are very much appreciated! Also had the lemonade, it was very good and the selection of condiments was unbelievable!!I love sandwiches. So I'm always on the hunt whenever I'm visiting a new city for a great sandwich shop. I discovered this place on yelp and am now having my very first muffaletta.   I LOVE it. The cold cuts are fresh and thinly sliced. The bread is delicious and toasted.  They have a couple little tables and chairs outside with umbrellas and today's a beautiful day to sit outside. I made the perfect choice.  I almost ate all my food before remembering to get a photo.  :/my cheese melty (grilled chesse sandwich) was very good.  the chips are pretty salty.
atmosphere is nice.  there's a busy lunch crowd.BRILLIANT curried chicken salad sandwich. Not spicy at all and FULL of flavors!! Yummmmm .. Has walnuts too :) also tried the veggie sandwich which was delish too. If you have a fav sandwich, they will make it even better. BEST place to have a delicious lunch/breakfast at a good price point of $10 per person. Highly recommend this place. Ohh and fabulous Lagniappe bar. LOTS of sauces and topping options. Go wild! :)Great service. Everyone was so accommodating with my big stroller while I was alone and and friendly.  The sandwich was extremely fresh, hearty and large. Loved finding this place!We were visiting from out of town and another colleague found this gem, it was absolutely wonderful! The food was delicious, the owner was incredibly sweet and cheerful, and had a great atmosphere. I highly recommend stopping by if you are ever in the area and, it has one of the best lemon bars I've ever eaten. So dang good!Had delicious chicken curry salad. Big dish of fresh greens with a fresh tasting chicken curry. Great deli staff. Colorful interior.  Will return. Menu lists a great number of sandwiches and salads.Tried this place for lunch with my wife. The place was fabulous! The owner and/or managers there were incredibly friendly. They had a great menu with very healthy portions. I got a pastrami sandwich with Cole slaw and my wife got a French dip. Both sandwiches were Awesome. The only thing I'm disappointed in is that we discovered this place on the last day of our vacation. 
Highly recommended!I came here about a year ago for lunch and it was pretty good, but the fact that I've never thought much about it or bothered to return may speak for itself. I walked by this morning so I thought I'd give it a quick review. 
If you're craving fresh salads and sandwiches, this is a good choice. I imagine it's a great option for tourists overloaded on salty, Southern cuisine. I enjoyed my very large caesar salad. I think my partner ordered a reuben, and was pleased with it as well. Service is pretty quick for New Orleans, and friendly. One thing of note that seemed a little odd - as we paid at the register, we were told to please Yelp if we enjoyed our meal (of course!), but if we didn't to keep our opinions to ourselves. I think it was meant to be sassy but didn't quite hit the mark.
But this place gets high marks on Yelp and has great reviews, and is a refreshing option in the CBD.My husband got the special of the day, the Italian roast beef sandwich and loved it. I got the 1/2 salad 1/2 sandwich. The food was great and came out quickly. Definitely a local spot!AMAZING!  I am really critical of authentic deli's usually. I think this is hands-down the best one I have ever been too.  The service is genuine and real.  High quality, caring people there that went above and beyond for our group and provided recommendations about things to do in the area, etc.  Everything they did, was with a big smile on their faces and you could because they were happy too, not because they had too.  Food is outstanding.  HUGE portions.  Black cherry tea was the best tea I have ever had.  They made up a dish of deserts for our group with several different ones to try.   Each one was amazing.  You will not be sorry at this place.This place was awesome. Fantastic local mom and pop deli with fantastic food and service.We decided to come back to try their Monday special of red beans and rice. However, today was white beans and rice which was good but we kinda prefer the red beans over the white (perhaps next monday). It was a big bowl served with a boudin sausage and a homemade biscuit. We also ordered the roast brisket of beef sandwich which came with a side of coleslaw. It was tasty, juicy and well dressed. 
It did get busy during prime lunchtime but Tina and her staff managed to keep the line moving we while still being efficient and friendly. The place seems well organized and very clean.I got the muffaletta and it was delicious and huge!! My friend is a vegetarian and was thrilled to finally find a spot in New Orleans where he could get a tasty veggie sandwich. The staff was super friendly and pleasant as well!this is a winner, portions are huge and flavors are good!  This is what a deli is suppose to be like.......To keep with my diet preference of eating plant-based whole foods, I asked the lady at the counter about vegan options. She offered that any of the salads could be made vegan by holding non-vegan ingredients. Alternatively, The Veggie sandwich could be made vegan by a) holding the pesto; and b) choosing a multi-grain or pumpernickel bread. None of the soups were vegan when I went, but I'd ask about the soup du jour every time I go. I opted for The Veggie sans pesto and asked it to-go. All sandwiches come with a choice of Kettle cooked potato chips (made by a local company), Cole Slaw, or Fruit Cocktail. I opted for the chips. I asked for my order to be prepared to-go.
There was a large-ish lunch crowd, but the line moved fairly quickly. Food orders were being completed expeditiously as well. The process is to stand in the ordering line. 10-people back from the counter, there's a file pocket on the wall with menus that you can peruse while waiting in line. At the counter, the ladies take your order, and give you a food ticket number. After paying for the order, you wait for the food preparers to call the last 2-digits of your ticket number when the food is ready. My sandwich came in a container with two toasted slices of bread and the roasted veggies in a separate bowl, with the expectation that I'd assemble the sandwhich when I was ready to eat it. The condiments bar has several sauces/ spreads; all of the mustards are vegan. There's also a selection of lettuce, onion, tomatoes, pickled slices of cucumbers, banana peppers, jalapenos, and sweet peppers, and horseradish and relish. There are small plastic containers with lids for the condiments. I got the creole mustard, all of the pickled vegetables, and relish.
When I get back to the office, I assembled my sandwhich. There was a very generous serving of roasted vegetables. I had some leftoever even after assembling my sandwich. The pumpernickel slices were thickly sliced. The sandwhich was very tasty, and I enjoyed the left-over vegetables as a side.
The potato chips were very crisp, but very oily. I'd do without them in the future.
Overall, the sandwhich was tasty, and very filling. I would highly recommend it. I'm curious to try a salad next time.The red beans with catfish is exceptional. Probably too much food for one person (or one meal). Good thing I like leftovers! The place was rather busy and hectic so I don't think i'd want to go there again during peak lunch time but otherwise I am sure i'll be back.Great soups and sandwiches!  Definitely a place to stop for lunch.  Quick and friendly service.Super friendly staff, the owner was working the register and helped us choose our lunch. Seafood chowder was awesome, curry chicken salad was pretty good, and really tasty mango lemonade.Great lunch spot with fantastic muffuletta. They did a great job accommodating my 3 year old.The staff was friendly and informative.  We got the mufullato sandwich and split it.  It was so large.  The taste is great.  I also got the mango lemonade.  I loved that also.  My husband enjoyed his half of the sandwich, chicken corn chowder with black beans soup and a strawberry tea.  I must go to if you are in the area.Great little deli with very good food. Just recently opened on weekends. Great food with good prices. Definitely worth a visit.My kids and I walked by this place while walking down to Canal Street, and after checking the yelp reviews, decided to get some food to go. Best decision on the first day of vacay!! 
First off, service is worth ten stars if I must say; it was like walking into your own family deli, where they've known you forever. They were super sweet to my kids, offered to watch my 3 yr old when she decided not to accompany me and my son to the restroom, and just genuinely kind people. They recommended me on what to eat and what tribe the kids. 
The food was awesome too. We ordered the New Orleans AK, which was a huge sandwich full of delicious meat and cheeses. Their salad was fresh too. So glad I found a yummy place to eat, and would definitely come back sometime during the week we are here, after we have some jambalaya and po boys!!Great place to get breakfast sandwiches; definitely recommend. Came here with a bunch of guys in NOLA for a bachelor party, and had some great breakfast sandwiches. The owner is a sweetheart and the entire staff was extremely nice and made sure we enjoyed our food. The sandwiches were exactly what we needed after a night of drinking, and there is a huge selection of condiments/sauces.My office orders from delis all the time and I am actually eating one of your sandwiches right now.  We have a sampler type tray and there's two sandwiches in particular that I really like.  One is chicken with an orangy sauce and the other is turkey on pumpernickel (my favorite bread).  Sorry I can't be more descriptive and don't know the names but these sandwiches are soooooo good!  I'll definitely be making an effort next week to visit the actual restaurant.If I lived/worked near here, I'd come all the time! Fantastic food and friendly service!I have a theory about office workers and lunch. Namely, I think that cubicles warp the brains of workers so they'll do anything to get out of the office for lunch...even eat crap food at bad prices. 
But really. Why eat crap when you can eat seriously delicious stuff at Welty's? Not being office drones ourselves, the lady and I were next door to see our lawyer; and the smell of yum lured us to Welty's Deli. We were absolutely in the minority next to all the clerks, feds, and general office personal. The staff at the deli verges on brisk, but they get things done and move people through. Which is great, because people tend to cluster around the counter waiting for their food to appear. 
The daily special looked good, but the crisp salads and veggie sandwich drew us in. How lucky! Most delis don't have a good veggie sandwich and resort to layering cheese with wilted lettuce and canned pickles. Bleh. Welty's was heavy on the veg, light on the cheese, much with the tasty. And really, I just like salads. 
Were I to recommend anything, I would recommend the strawberry lemonade. For the same price as a latte or some other frou-frou coffee thing, you can sip your way through a fresh-squeezed, fruit-filled cup of delight. And happy things. 
Accessibility notes: Loud at peak times. Low counter. Table service available upon request. Fully accessible for mobility devices.I loved this place and the owner was so sweet - she really made us feel welcome. I had the french dip and it was so good but so big! Half a sandwich is more than enough. Next time I'm in New Orleans I will definitely be back.The best EVER ham and cheese panini (panini of the day) meshed perfectly with the accompanying large portion of potato salad and my strawberry lemonade.  I ate half and took the rest to the office for lunch tomorrow.  Nice, cool, clean surroundings, and friendly staff.  
I peeked at other diners' meatloaf - the special of the day - and it looked huge and wonderful as well.  I will be back to try that sometime soon.
One thing to remember though - it is a bit pricey.  My selections (described above) came in just under $15.  But it's two meals for me, so okay!Great family owned Mom & Pop breakfast and lunch joint. The staff is very helpful and friendly and go out of their way to make sure your meal is enjoyable. The portions are very generous and the service is fast. The food was well seasoned and delicious. Tina made us all feel welcomed and we will definitely return to try lunch.Great food and great service.  I had half a muffuletta with a cup of gumbo and my husband had the etouffee.  We could have easily split the muffuletta.  The read was very fresh with the right combination of crispy crust and soft inside.  Very generous portion of meat. I'm not sure which I enjoyed more the sandwich or the gumbo. My husband also enjoyed the etouffee. It came with a little crawfish meat pie that was to die for and the biscuits were light and fluffy.  Would highly recommend and will definitely add it to our list for a return visit.Dee-lite-full. Not fancy. Clearly, local professionals hit this place a lot. I ordered smoked salmon salad. The cashier asked "Honey, you been here before?" I said no. She replied "You're going to like that salad." She was right. The strawberry lemonade was delicious. 
Ordering and paying is a well-oiled process. The atmosphere was noisy, active and vibrant.Delicious deli sandwiches. Soup of the day today was roasted potatoes and cauliflower. So good! Got their roast beef sandwich with Swiss. They have a separate condiments bar so you can add anything you want, from any kind of dressing to pickles to lettuce and tomatoes and everything in between. Can't go wrong here for lunch! 
Staff is extremely friendly and accommodating. They won't rush you when you're trying to decide between choices. Will ask if you need help or a tray balancing your plates. They don't rush you out when it's 2pm and you're still eating. 
I'm still tasting that delicious cauliflower soup! YumHad the half rare roast beef sandwich and a bowl of the gumbo. Delicious. Very friendly staff, clean place. Will definitely go back.If I could give this place less than 1 star I would. THEY HAVE THE ABSOLUTE WORST FUCKING SERVICE AND THEIR SANDWICHES AREN'T FRESH. Not only was I constantly disrespected by the workers but I had such a negative and unpleasant experience when I came in. Please save yourself the trouble and your stomach from this shit hole deli.Hands down the best food and service we received while vacationing in New Orleans! The food was wonderful and the environment very pleasant.Fantastic Lunch spot, sandwiches are great. Today had the special sandwich of peppered roast beef, bleu cheese and bacon along with au jus for dipping....haven't tried any of the salads/soups yet but from what I saw of other diners they looked equally as good. Prices aren't bad either, and it's a great change of pace from the usual po'boy.My husband and myself visited New Orleans last week and we where looking to visit a local deli.  We found Welty's Deli and boy are we glad we did.  My husband had a Muffuletta only half as we where advised it was HUGE. For half a sandwich it was VERY large, but OH SO TASTY!!  I ordered a club sandwich and it was tasty as well, the ham in in house cooked, SO good! Besides the food the people that work their have that good ole fashion southern charm.  Great Place!! Looking forward to visiting this place again on our next trip to New Orleans!!!!Mediocre sandwich with limited flexibility in changing the ingredients. I would prefer to get a better sandwich at Subway evenAwesome little deli! Had breakfast & a variety of different sandwiches. Such a cute atmosphere and the employees were so sweet & nice!! Would go back!Wish I could give more stars. Very easy to get parking at a lot on Poydras and Camp. 
Order takers are friendly and will tell you as much or a little as you need to make your choices. I got the AK Muffalatta which has four meats and four cheeses. It come out hot and very fresh. I am a big boy and all I coul eat was half. My wife and daughter each got 1/2 Muffalotta and Salad and they loved them as well. 
Way better than any other downtown spot we have tried. Muffs were best ever. Go give them your business they deserve it.Really friendly staff and really good food. Vegetarian sandwiches that are tasty and filling are hard to come by, but Welty's does it right! Plus they have a great variety of mustards and mayos to top your sandwich. It was definitely a good find. If I lived/worked in this area I would be a regular.Don't miss Welty's!  First time visitor, Tina at the counter was awesome with suggestions!  Got the muffuletta sandwich, huge! And enough for 2!
Looking forward to enjoying it later.  1/2 sandwich offers for lighter appetite.
Delicious, definitely a "go-to" whenever here.Great lunch place.  The lunch specials are usually very good.
You can get in and out quickly - and feel free to ask to sit at a free place at someone else's table - you might make a new friend.This lunch place can not be beat. Excellent deli-shop staples with stellar daily specials. The staff behind the counter could not possibly be any friendlier: every time I go, I feel like I'm right at home.Great sandwiches, friendly staff! The woman at the counter was cracking me up. My duck sandwich was amazing - it was the special for the day, but they should definitely add it to the regular menu. My boyfriend's chicken salad sandwich was also really good.Fantastic! Had 1/2 Mufaletta & 1/2 Tortilla soup. Both were great. No way I could eat a whole sandwich. Got here at 12:30ish and place was packed with what seemed like a long line. Still Line moved fast, order at counter, short wait, then easily found a seat. Friendly staff too.The only thing that makes me angry is that I didn't find this place sooner. I had the roast beef sandwich combo with the gumbo and it was excellent. The roast beef is perfect and the gumbo is nice and spicy, didn't have to add any seasoning. The staff is so friendly and nice. Speaking with the cashier, who I assume is the owner, was a pleasure and her suggestions were spot on. Then Casey was delightful too. She greeted us with a huge smile and went over the daily special board and menu with us. Casey also helped clear the table and got us set to take half of the delicious AK sandwich home. My wife gave the AK sandwich all she could but couldn't even finish half of it. So I'm the winner because I get the rest of it for dinner. Winner Winner AK sandwich dinner  
Seriously though, if you are downtown and looking for a great place to get lunch, go to Welty's.My wife and I tried this place based on the recommendations of others on Yelp.  We split the Muffelata sandwich and it was great.  The service was fast and the lady who was clearing the tables and greeting customers was very nice and helpful.  We are planning to go back one more time before going back home.We were really hungry after flying in to NOLA on a too-early-for-breakfast flight out of Providence. Our hotel concierge and a bellman on the street both attempted to send us to Bourbon Street tourist traps (that might have great food~maybe). We trusted yelp instead and took a quick 5 minute walk over to Welty's. What a great call. Awesome lunch, if I lived here I'd eat lunch here everyday. I had the California Club - excellent. Co-worker had the special - sort of a twist on an Italian. He's a picky eater/borderline food critic - loved it. Whole staff went out of their way to greet us and make us feel welcome. We're here for a few days and will probably see you for lunch tomorrow. Thanks!!Little hole in the wall but great food and really friendly people.Absolutely amazing. Muffuletta was great, special alligator sauce soup was equally great. Add an iced coffee, and all for $18? Yes please.The food here is outstanding... not real healthy though.  I have been eating here for years.  There were times almost every day.  Since it had been a while, I met a friend there for lunch today.
Everything is made fresh.  I got the soup/salad combo.  Of course, it hit the spot.  My friend got the egg salad sandwich.  You are get a lot of food for the money.  They are quick and friendly.  Make sure to check out their daily specials which you can do online.  
If you're in the CDB for lunch time, this is a fabulous place to come!
The owners are super cool.  Always helpful and service with a giant southern smile!Great place! Had the soup and french dip - both really good. Chicken tortilla soup was the soup of the day, very tasty with a little bit of a kick. Lots of local business men and women eating here, so you know it's good.  Really friendly staff and cute interior!Great food, great portions, awesome and friendly staff.  Definitely worth the visit if you're in Nawlins on either business or pleasure.  Had the Reuben and had to get a box for half of it.We stumbled on to welty's by accident today. It was a wonderful accident! We were greeted like family and it was all uphill from there..  I ordered the trio salad. Tuna, chicken, and curry chicken salad on a bed of romaine with eggs and tomatoes. It was a huge portion , and I didn't do it justice.. curry chicken is my new favorite! My husband got the reuben and it looked amazing. And since there was no sandwich left I'm gonna assume that it was indeed amazing! Sometimes when you order soup and salad you leave a place hungry.. not here you don't.. the tortilla soup looks great! 
All in all it was a wonderful experience and the next time I'm in the neighborhood we will certainly be back!! 
Thanks, from slidell.You're buying fast, fresh food with a smile and a huuuge variety. Very friendly and willing to serve staff and a comfortable room can't be topped when youre wolfing down that filling Cali club or one of their many daily specials. Average prices, but their lemonade is worth the 3 buxxFantastic fresh food, great prices and customer service!  Wish we found this place sooner. We will definitely go back every time we're in the area. The husband/wife owners work there. We asked them for great places to eat. She not only told us, she took her time to write it down for us!  Thank you to the owners and staff!!!  ;)I used to work in New Orleans, and Welty's was a regular lunch spot for me.  This is hands down one of the best lunch spots in the city.  I always looked forward to their stuffed bell pepper special and their enormous muffaletta is delicious.  Most of all, I miss their warm and gracious staff who always made me feel like I was having lunch at an old friend's house.  On my last day in Nola, I bought a painting (on a reconstruction-era wood plank) that was hanging in the restaurant and now hangs in my bedroom, so now every morning when I wake up, I have something to remind me of my old friends at Welty's.Was in New Orleans for work and tried this place for a quick lunch.  Seemed like a local favorite, and it was pretty busy.  The staff was nice and the sandwich I had was very good.  Prices were reasonable and I'd recommend it for a quick (and filling) lunch.First time here. The woman behind the counter was very friendly and made my visit pleasant. I ordered the Reuben and it did not dissapoint. It was stacked high and the bread was toasted just enough. I will definitely return.If I could give this place more than 5 stars, I would. AWESOME food and such a friendly atmosphere. Not to mention, there is so much to choose from. The menu has variety, but there is a lagniappe bar with different types of mayos, mustards, spicy pickles, pickled onions, and much much more.  I had to make a second trip to grab another roast beef sandwich before I hit the road back to Shreveport. You won't be disappointed when you have Weltys Deli, it's a definite must have when visiting New Orleans.We had friends staying with us for the night and wanted to wAlk somewhere for breakfast. We thought Welty's opened at 7 however they opened at 8 and we were lucky because they typically are closed on Sunday. Thanks to the saints game we enjoyed a fantastic breakfast. 
We were waiting when the doors were open and were greeted as soon as we walked in and told where the menus were and how to order. 
Tina Welty was so friendly and made us feel like we were in her home having breakfast. #feltathomeinweltys
#weltysdeli
What to order........
I ordered a homemade fluffy huge biscuit with country Tasso gravy. There was plenty of Tasso and the gravy was perfectly seasoned. I could not finish this and had to take half home. 
One of us ordered an egg and sausage croissant. This was large as well and he left happy and full 
The next order was a special that was full of goodness. I can't remember what it was called but there were hash browns, eggs, pulled pork, and country Tasso gravy all in a bowl and served with a biscuit. This was huge and half had to be taken home. 
The last order was a waffle and hash browns. When it was brought to the table there were smiles because it was covered with confectioners sugar.  So if you don't want it covered make sure you let them know!  
The food was fabulous but the service and conversation was what added to the experience.  #happyfoodcoma
We will come back for lunch soon because there are many different sauces and mayos readily available to try. You can dress your own sandwich with lettuce
Tomatoes etc and then choose from many sauces. I included a picture of the list of sauces. 
Over all a great experience and we will be back very soon. 
Thanks again Tina. #takeaselfiewithtinaAfter four beautiful days in NOLA, I realized with horror that I had still not tried one of the city's famed Muffaletta sandwiches. FOR SHAME! While we didn't get a chance to make it to Central Grocery before our flight, Welty's stood in beautifully and was close to the Q&C Hotel where we stayed on Camp Street.
I kid you not when I say that it was so delicious that I completely forgot to take a photo. Stuffed with fresh meats and olive salad. As a New Yorker, I didn't even know olive salad was a thing, and all I can say is "where have you been all my life?" I had a half sandwich with a side of lentil/Italian sausage soup -- which was pretty good but played second fiddle to the amazing Muffaletta. My SO had a turkey sandwich which he also thoroughly enjoyed, but I would say that if you come here, you must try the Muffaletta. 
Pro Tip: The abundant condiments and the pickled veggies on the side are a great touch. This may horrify some authentic NOLA foodies, but I loved stacking my sandwich high with dill pickles, pickled hot peppers and onions.  However, if you dare deface this sacred sandwich with mayo or hot sauce, I might have to smack you. Jussayin'. 
Will certainly return -- and hopefully soon!Business trip to New Orleans and ate lunch here. Awesome!
Highly recommended, good prices and portions were more than generous.I am here now on Saturday 11:29a. This place is closed when the business hours state that it's open. Waste of walking in the humid heat and time.Great atmosphere.  Nice little sidewalk dining area for nice days.  Broad menu will please almost everybody.  All of the employees were super friendly. I ordered a 1/2 muffaletta and cup of gumbo and it was amazing.  Prices were reasonable and service was fast!  I would certainly return.Came all the way from NY and stumbled upon this spot. Got the muffuletta and it was incredible! The portions are huge so I split one with my boyfriend and we still had leftovers for 2 days. Nice staff and a great lunch spot.Really great Rueben and staff were excellent! Would definitely eat here again if I lived in New Orleans.Wow what a low average rating for a place that only negative comments are the lines and the wait.  These comments are true, the line can be bad and on bad days it might take 35 mins from entering to getting your food.  I say the pros easily overcome the need to go early or later or order via phone.
Welty's makes constantly standout food.  Some of the things are good, some are excellent, and it depends on your taste which one is which.  I personally love the chicken curry salad.  If you have a favorite sandwich, they will make the sandwich better then most.   Its a lunch place no doubt about it, but also clearly the best lunch place around.
The staff is also extremely friendly and know lots of the regulars.  I suggested you become one.Came here for lunch one day while I was in town for a conference. They have a warm welcoming atmosphere, the best homemade strawberry lemonade that tastes like the pink starburst, and very tasty sandwiches. I would definitely recommend stopping by!A real find not far from The French Quarter, a couple of blocks of of Canal. Had the Veggie on rye.  The mix of vegetables was a nice combination and they were plentiful. The rye was thick cut and toasted (no butter added).  The service was efficient and friendly.  The atmosphere is bright and welcoming. If you are visiting the city and are looking for a break from po' boys, jambalaya, etc. This classic deli is just the place.French dip sandwich was AWESOME (add the horseradish mayo). All employees were SO sweet- definitely made it a good experience.
The salad was mediocre, as was the pecan bar. But I would come back for sandwiches!This place was amazing! Even at lunch time food was good, came out fast, and everyone was super friendly! If I ever come back to NoLa I will for sure be eating here...All I can say about the food is "Oh My Gosh!!!"  This was our first time here but it definitely will not be the last.  Left the place talking about going for lunch tomorow.  The staff is out of their friendly, had a great time interacting with the staff and the owner.As evidenced by the line at lunch time, it's good. 
I usually stick with soup and salad--I don't really do deli meat.  I go for the feta vinaigrette. I would love to try other dressings, but I can't bring myself to order any other. 
Husband had some lunch meeting leftovers from a catering order and had to come have Welty's in person. His sandwich was huge--he said it was one of the best roast beefs he'd had, and he was super happy they weren't stingy with the meat. He'd previously had the panninis I brought home. He was impressed with those, as well. 
I order from here for work meetings--Tina and her staff are always helpful and a delight to work with. 
The only con is that I wish the Greek salad was on the regular menu and not just the catering menu. The feta dressing is best when one has a Greek salad to eat it with!Delicious food and very large portions.  It can get very busy at lunch time, but the process is fast and all the servers and staff are quite friendly and helpful.  Our table all ordered a variety of things and no one was disappointed.Recently my family and I had gone to New Orleans to see a football game. Before the game we went to Welty's deli for a quick breakfast. To start the customer service was great, she welcomed us in even though we weren't saints fans. We sat down and received our food shortly. The portions were a great size to tip you off to the brim. Everything was delicious and the atmosphere was great. Can't wait to come back!In town for a work conference and needed a lunch spot each day that was walking distance. We chose this based off yelp reviews. It DID NOT disappoint. The owner took our large owner and was spicy and kind at the same time! We had a variety of food (turkey sandwich, roast beef sandwich, 1/2 sandwich with potato soup, and salad and spinach and artichoke soup). The portion sides are HUGE! You can share one plate with two people. Make sure to stop in for a quick lunch if your town!!!Such a personable laid back experience. I loved the service and the food came out fast and delicious. I liked how you could put your own toppings on your sandwich. The next time I am in town I am definitely coming back.My chicken salad sandwich is amazing! I took off a couple of stars because my fruit salad is from a can! I mean really is it that hard to get some fresh fruit? I try making a healthy choice instead of fries or chips, and there are probably more calories from the sugar in the syrup coating the fruit, not healthy at all. The place was turning out a lot of food, think they could spend a little extra on fresh fruit. I mean the chicken salad was fresh, why not the fruit salad???!!!Heard good things about this place so decided  at last minute to stop in for a late lunch. Got there 15mins to closing (on a Friday) but Tina said it was fine. She and Donald (the owners) are real nice and friendly. She took time to explain the menu and suggested recommendations. We both decided on the daily specials...I had the grilled salmon with creamed spinach&artichoke and roasted curried red potatoes while she enjoyed her Italian sandwich with many different slices of sandwich meats with a side of couscous. Both were very fresh and tasty. By the time we finished our delicious lunch, we were the only ones there (Welty's closes at 2pm M-F) but we did not feel rushed...we even got to talk to Donald for a few minutes because he finished cooking in the kitchen and complemented him on the entrees...have a safe trip to Baton Rouge and enjoy the ballgame! Welty's is friendly, comfortable and clean with a variety of fresh and tasty food dishes.Best curry chicken salad I've ever had! Everyone is very friendly and the menu is all-around amazing!Delicious Rueben and French dip we had.  Local feel, authentic and not like a traditional "big box" or "franchise".  Visited twice on a weekend trip to NO from Quebec .  5 stars.Today was our first visit to Welty's.  The owners made us feel at home and chatted with us about New Orleans.  It is great neighborhood place for breakfast.This was my favorite luncheon place of our visit.  The staff was very helpful from the moment we walked in the door. The food was absolutely awesome and the portions are large. Very clean and decor was well done. The owner stopped by our table to check on everything and offered us advice on other places to try during our visit. I'm planning on stopping back here again.I got the CBD club sandwich and it was delicious! I'm from Rhode Island and had never been here before. When my friend and I walked in, both of the ladies behind the counter were extremely nice and helpful. Which seems to be a rear find in New Orleans. I love that you put your own lettuce, tomatoes, onions etc on yourself. The deli was only 2 blocks from my hotel and I wish I had found out about it sooner, and not on my last day in the city. Keep up the great work and excellent service guys!!!Fantastic muffuletta. And huge. Fast, friendly service. I wish every place could do it like this. 
Now if I can just stay awake after eating almost half of it...Friendly and delicious spot for lunch. Large selections of sandwiches, salads, and specials. Generous portions (you may be able to take half your sandwich to go). The owner herself took our order. She was super accommodating and made us feel right at home. I would definitely recommend and definitely go back.Great food and friendly service.  The specials are always original and good!  We also used them to cater a couple parties.  You can spend more money to eat in New Orleans but you won't get better food.After having heavy food and drinking all weekend, I came here for a salad. Amazing! I got the Asian chicken and it was perfect. Light, crispy, absolutely perfect for a quick and refreshing bite.Finally got around to geating lunch here.  
For people who work in the Central Business District it is perfect. Just walk up to the counter and place your order. Pay.  Cash or Credit/Debit.  They will in turn give you a ticket stub with some numbers on them.  If you are with someone, ask that person to find a table while you wait for the food.  
I say this because this little spot fills up pretty quickly so make sure you either go after 1 PM or go super early to insure an available table if you are dining in.
On this occasion, I went with a co-worker.  I was able to coax her out of the office, so we walked on over.  NO LINE since we left the office close to 1pm.  She has a veggie sandwich on grain bun with chips and I have a soup and salad combo.  Let me tell ya, that salad was damn good.
Fresh romaine and spinach mix, stuffed olive salad, avocados, carrots, and alfalfa sprouts. It was great with my heavy creamed broccoli soup, which by the way, was good also.
Overall, pretty good and affordable lunch.
If you are thinking about doing lunch here while staying downtown, you should be able to walk over from any hotel, if you are in the quarters, you can walk, but depends on how far.
Also, for all you people who love to have your lunch catered, this is the place to order from.  They do - do the catering BUT you may have to go and pick up.  I dont mind since Im always up for walking and it aint far, but some people dont like to walk so that may be a problem.  Overall, this is THE place to go for catering.  Great catering menu, stuffed sandwiches and salads that are huge.  What's not to like about it?
There are no special parking lots as this is a location in the CBD, you can walk on over from your work place, or find a parking spot and pay, or park in a lot.
A wide variety of sandwiches and salads.  They do have hot food daily so make sure you check out the menu or ask the cashier.  There are pastries as well.  Havent gone for breakfast yet, but let me know if any of you yelpers have gone...i'd like to try it out one day.This place is delicious!!!! Everything on the menu is amazing! The daily specials are more than enough for two to split and the service is excellent!!!Great find in the central business district. We enjoyed sandwiches, salads and desserts. It was MOSTLY locals eating here, and it was reasonably priced and delicious. It was a family  run restaurant, and well worth a visit or two. we will be there on our next New Orleans visit.Very friendly service and quiet nice atmosphere! Have to try the muffalatta, the local NOLA favorite! Thanks Welty's! Coming here againDelicious, fast, friendly staff, complementary side table with condiments and dressings. Desserts available as well. Great deli sandwiches and salads with generous portions. I usually take half of a sandwich home for later. They know your name.Welty's is an amazing lunch spot. The combination of the staff's friendliness (think classic Southern hospitality), variety of food/dessert/drinks, the portions, and the exciting daily specials simply cannot be beat! I am absolutely in love with the pickled onions (can be found in their Lagniappe bar). Now if only they had outdoor seating.  
Tips: 
- Their AC is usually blasting extreme cold, so be prepared! 
- Lagniappe bar!!!! 
- If you're a light eater, be sure to ask for a to-go box ahead of time. Their portions are out of this world!Such a delicious sandwich. 
I love you cajun honey mustard.Welty's, your Veggie Sandwich is awesome.  Even veganized without the marinated pesto tomato, it's still one of the best veggie sandwiches in New Orleans!  So here's what it consists of - roasted portobella, eggplant, red peppers marinated in some yummy vinaigrette sandwiched between your choice of bread.  Then you can go crazy at the condiment bar.  I piled on the lettuce, tomatoes, onions, Creole mustard, pickles, banana peppers . . . I love overdressing my sandwiches, it's true.  This is no frail Subway sandwich - it's huuuuuuge!  Both times I've had it, I was able to make nearly three meals out of it.  And again, it is VERY delicious, although very juicy (from the marinating liquids) - so watch out for some bread sogging action. 
Also it comes with plain kettle chips - both times, it was holy moly - mountain of chips that I snacked on for two days.  My friends received similarly monstrous sandwiches and chip servings - we were all pleased.  
I've never had a Welty's salad, but they do appear to be very very crisp and fresh and teeming with the specialty components.  No skimping!
So yeah, sorry Royal Street Deli and Subway.  Welty's = FTW!
It gets pretty busy and crowded during lunch time so get there early or late in order to secure seating.I go to weltys often for lunch. Its one of those restaurants which makes you remember home cooked meals. Sandwiches are awesome and the special ingredients are what makes them awesome, the sandwiches aren't dressed which makes the service during the lunch hour super-fast. They have a "fully-equipped bar" with 
They have the best veggie sandwich I have tried around the neighborhood. 
Must try: Special of the day!Best lunch spot around the CBD.  Great sandwiches and daily specials.  I check out their website almost daily to see what the specials are--chicken parm, lasagna, and meatloaf are my favorites.This place is amazing!
The food is top notch and the staff were amazing with my wild and crazy kiddo!
THANK YOU!!!!Excellent find. Everything I saw while waiting looked amazing. I ordered the chicken cordon bleu sandwich. It was delicious and large. I also ordered a side of potato salad which was a generous portion as well, not to mention the best potato salad I have found. They have daily specials in which you can view online. Tip: If you're going on your lunch break you may want to call ahead as they do stay pretty busy.Excellent food, even better sweet tea, and wonderful service! Tried the French dip, and it was wonderful, as was the egg potato salad!!  Also sampled the shrimp salad and the remoulade dressing was the best ever!Lovely little lunch deli.  I had naan turkey cheese melts thing.  Yummy and big. The rest had salads that were huge and fresh. And one French dip with real pink roast beef on this huge roll.  She ate it all.  Owner was helpful and it was quick and easy.  Would recommend for sandwiches and salads.Amazing sandwiches, fast service, reasonable prices. Walked up on this spot randomly when I had a friend in town and we loved it. I had the California club on pumpernickel bread and cole slaw. It was delicious. I didn't even dress it up anymore than it already was. The mint tea is vey good too. Great little lunch spot. Definitely coming back!!!I was out of town attending a conference, and wanted a non chain restaurant for lunch. Nothing too greasy, and this was the spot! 
This place, hands down, was amazing. Awesome sliced roasted chicken sandwich on a pretzel bun. 
Busy lunch crowd, but AMAZING southern hospitality! Great service! Felt very much like a New Orleans spot. So good!Stumbled upon this place after flying into town. Friendly service from what seems to be a family owned place. The pastrami sandwich I had was great and they even have a lagniappe bar with some amazing mustards/mayos. Specials daily. Will go back if in town!Great food and very fast and convenient. Short walk from Sheraton. Will eat there again.Welty's Deli is one of my favorite lunch spot in the CBD ! They salads are HUGE and always fresh. The sandwiches are great as well. I eat here at least once a week. My favorites are the Traditional Chef Salad or the California Club Sandwich. If you get a sandwich, be sure to check out the 'Lagniappe Bar', which has TONS of different kind of toppings and mayos and mustard. They also do catering. My job orders from them occasionally, and Ms. Tina always makes it an easy pleasant experience (and they deliver !). 
I highly recommend checking out this deli. The staff here is amazing. Always very friendly and delivers excellent customer service.Came here on my wife's bday that is also ST. Patrick's day. We were greeted immediately by the nicest woman who made recommendations and seemed genuinely interested where we were from and made us feel welcome. The food was the best we had that entire weekend. All I heard before visiting New Orleans was that there was amazing food. I finally found it in this place after three days. I will absolutely be back and recommend this place as an absolute must for any one I know that is visiting there.Really nice people! Lots to choose from on the regular menu and awesome daily specialsNicest people own this place and the menu is fresh and varied. I had the remoulade shrimp salad and an iced green tea. The dressing was the perfect level of spice. I will go back here again - nice to have the option of a huge tasty salad to balance out all the fried treats in the city - your body will thank you. :-)This place is a little off the touristy path but definitely worth it. (It's really not that far off Canal St.) I got the sense that this as a locals spot during lunch time as everyone seemed to know the drill, but the staff was very welcoming, telling us about the specials and their own recommendations. 
The food was delicious. Plenty of self-serve condiments available, too, which was a nice touch.
Friendly, fast service with great food.If you're looking for excellent food, HUGE portions, and quick turnaround then this is the place to eat when you're in the CBD.  The quality of the food is in direct proportion to the price.  You get what you pay for here!  I never turn down a request to go here for lunch.  
People who list a "con" about this place fills up fast really mean it's a "pro".  I find a place that is wall to wall busy indicative of a good place to eat.  If it's completely dead, it's usually a tell that the place sucks.  That's not the case here.Welty's has officially won me over. I go through phases with my favorite CBD lunch spot, and Welty's is my current fav. With the onset of warmer temps, nothing is more appealing than a salad at Welty's. If salads aren't your thing, no problem, their sandwiches are equally good. In fact, everything I've tried here is delicious. The thing I love and appreciate most about Welty's is their use of fresh, quality ingredients. A little pricey, sure, but definitely worth it. Some other added bonuses are that the staff is always friendly and helpful and they have daily specials if you're ever up for trying something new.
Personal fan of:
- Curry chicken salad (sandwich or salad) 
- Marbled rye
- Ginger soy dressing
Meat lovers, try the Muffaletta, New Orleans AK, or the Reuben. They're all really good and the sandwiches are huge. You won't leave hungry, I promise.I ordered the California club on ciabatta bread. I was impressed by the selection of breads available. Portions were generous. The sandwich was very filling and packed with ingredients. In retrospect, I would have added some condiments (mayo or dressing) to my sandwich.  The sandwich was a tiny bit bland which may, in part, be a reflection of just how much turkey they could cram into a single sandwich! Service was quite fast. A definite plus if you have a shorter lunch break (like myself).In town for a work conference and was looking for a quick sandwich for lunch and found this place on yelp. The reviews are spot on as the sandwiches are great! Not only that but the owner came by our table knowing we are tourists and gave us a quick run down of NOLA. She was very sweet and if you like supporting local family owned places over national franchises then you should definitely try this place out.True hidden gem!   
Grabbed quick breakfast on our way to the Saints game from our hotel in the French Quarter.  No line (compared to the 2 hour wait at Ruby Slippers just a block away) and super friendly staff.  My egg scramble was to-die for and huge portion. Husband enjoyed his waffles as well.  Huge selection of condiments on the back wall.  Prices very reasonable, especially for the location.
Wish this existed back home in NY!It doesn't look like much, but they sure deliver.  Very friendly service and as sandwiches go, you won't leave hungry.  I came in looking for a Reuben, but the local sandwich was recommended and I was warned it was big.  I went with the recommendation, and I have to say the warning was not accurate.  The sandwich wasn't "big".  It was GIGANTIC.  There was no other way to see it, but as two meals, or even as many as four for slightly smaller appetites.  And they are not shy with the meat either.  The sandwich was called a Muffaletta, and it was a huge pile of meat on an extremely large round bread.  Just WOW!  And it was tasty too.  Yes, I would go back there all day long.BEST LUNCH PLACE IN THE CBD ! A definite must-go. The owners are so friendly and care so much about making excellent foodWent to Welty's last Friday for lunch.  Again, food was great, service was quick and friendly.
I had the soup of the day - oyster, spinach, and artichoke - and a French dip sandwich.
The soup was creamy, flavorful, and had plenty of oysters.  The sandwich had a good amount of meat, and the meat was well seasoned and medium rare, as it should be.  And the au jus was, well, au jus.  Very good but not overwhelming.  
The only problem was, once again, the price.  I did get my fill of food, but I still find the prices a bit too high to come here regularly, but I do enjoy the occasional lunch.Great place. Delicious food. Quick service, even when busy. Owner is friendly, funny, and helpful. Fun!Excellent sandwich and deli spot in New Orleans. Close to the Convention Centre, this was a great spot for a quick lunch. Although there was no waiter services, the food came out reasonably quickly. The tuna sandwich was nicely prepared and thick. The ingredients were fresh and tasted good. The ambiance is a bit noisy during the noon hour, but it shows how popular this place really is.
Enjoy!Food is amazing. Ordered my sandwich on a pretzel bun. Can't go wrong there! Good sized place to eat inside or out and service was great.Can't say enough about this little gem!!  Delicious food!!  Owners are the sweetest people and are there on a daily basis. Awesome service!!This is one of our favorites for lunch.  They have a daily soup, sandwich, and salad special.  The portions are HUGE, so huge you could easily split almost anything on the menu, but so good you never do.  The only bad things I could say about Weltys are the same complaints you'd have about any place downtown during lunch: crowds, wait and price.  But the food and the service are more than worth it here.This place isn't the main "muffalata" store in town but they are soooo good. We came here twice on our trip because it was so good. The 1/2 muffalata and 1/2 salad hit the spot and we shared it. Very large portions and local joint for sure. This is a great find and make sure you stop in here. Very nice staff and the food outstanding....