With some of the best pastries in the area, this is one of those must see coffee shops. Want good cupcakes without going to a cupcake shop, this is your place. 
They take credit cards, and are more polished than some of the other coffee shops I go to. 
Need a mail box? 
A meeting place for a group? It won't be private or formal, but groups can come chill on the front or back patio, on the couch in the back, or in the dining room up one step. 
They now have a full kitchen / restaurant open a few days a week, but its never open when I am there (later in the day) I wish they still had some basic food available anytime other than bagels and pastries.I've been to this place three times this year, and it keeps getting better and better.  The first time I happened upon it, we stopped in for water and to use the restroom on Mardi Gras Day, during the magical St. Ann Parade.  It was relatively quiet, just us and a few other revelers in full costume, all there for the same reason.  
It was convenient, it was cute, we were there for 10 minutes and went on our merry way.  Never thought about it again.  
The second time I ended up here was last week and, again, convenience is what drew me back.  It's two blocks away from the house I'm staying in this summer, so when a friend wanted coffee this seemed like the obvious choice.  Again, we stopped in, got coffee, walked out.  
Cute place, average coffee, quick walk.  No big deal, right?  Au contraire, ma cherie!  
In this instance, the third time truly was the charm.  On my third visit I discovered what an amazing place this coffee shop is, and it is now firmly on my radar.  Again, I had a visitor, and we decided to go get coffee before doing some work, so Who Dat Coffee Cafe is where we ended up.  I thought we'd just get drinks to go, but while waiting for our order, trays of cupcakes caught our eye.  Was that bacon on top of that chocolate cupcake?  Indeed it was.
We ordered a chocolate bacon cupcake and a coconut one, both of which were absolutely delicious.  The table we chose had bouncy trampoline chairs, which are hard to explain but totally changed my life.  (It's the little things...)  The staff is super-friendly, and the entire experience was charmingly sweet.  I can't wait to go back, and even when I'm not living in the Marigny, this place is worth a journey across town.  
My only minor complaint is that they don't take credit cards, so be sure to bring some cash.  And don't leave without trying a cupcake.  They are seriously the best cupcakes I've ever had.  
One other thing worth noting, their tagline is: "Wake up and smell da Who Dat."  How awesome is that?Delicious pastries (I quite enjoyed the giant chocolate chunk cookie). Relaxed, nice atmosphere. Quiet. Great loose leaf tea selection. Decent wifi. Plenty of outdoor seating and some indoor seating, including a very comfortable couch. Overall, I'd highly recommend it. Great study spot.Who Dat has a close-knit neighborhood feel. I can only imagine the people that come here tend to all be regulars. Friendly people (both staff and customers), nice outdoor sidewalk seating, and pretty tasty food. I shared the corn cakes with a friend and had a cappuccino. The food was good, the coffee was below average, and the service was pretty much below average as well. It seems like when the place gets busy the staff gets deep in the weeds and that's pretty much what we experienced. However, we still had a good time, were comfortable, and the food was nice so on the strength of the food I'm giving 3 stars but the coffee wasn't worth the trouble.Best King Cake in the city! I also had their baked granola for breakfast the other day which was amazing, and clearly baked with love. 
Clean, quaint, friendly neighborhood service. Love it.This place is amazing! We are from Texas and my cousin brought us here. We were greeted with smiles, served delicious hot coffee, and seated right away. The staff was so friendly it made me wish I worked there. I tried the "not your mamas corn cakes" and they were something I have never tried before but now I feel like I am hooked. Truly this is a local treasure in a beautiful part of town. I highly recommend this place for its food and atmosphere.We stumbled upon this neighborhood cafe while visiting Nee Orleans. It is not fancy but the food was above and beyond amazing!!   We had pancakes, salad, heuvos rancheros, and Not Yo Mamas Cornbread.   Everything was incredible!!   The neighborhood is authentic NO style, quiet with great character.  Service, food, and character - all 5 stars!!Very cute, fun and unique atmosphere. I loved the bar with a wide selections of coffees and teas. Great bartender. Great hostess. However after being seated we waited a half hour to be greeted then another ten minutes until our order was taken. Service was incredibly slow. But the food was very good! I had a build your own omelet, biscuits and gravy and a whole grain pancake! Nice if you have a lot of time to relax and spend, bad if you are trying to eat and go.Awesome breakfast!   Everything done superbly and large portions.  Wish we weren't too full to eat more.You MUST eat here! HolyWOW... I had the quiche dish breakfast called DA St.Phillip quiche with crabmeat and shrimp and OMG. It was so much better than I could have imagined. Very clean, nice staff, and prompt service with a killer menu! Right in the heart of the Marigny.The place is so cool in terms of interiors.. Servers are super cool too !! The food is amazingly fresh. We had cream of mushroom soup .. Which was one of the best soups we have had in long time. Also tried veggie pattie which was so fresh and yummy. The have a lounge area with comfortable couches where you can sit and enjoy the free wifi. Cool little place!Absolutely delicious!  Everyone ordered something different and each dish was tasty.  I would definitely recommend.  I'm glad we stopped here before leaving NOLA.Not your mothers cornbread was delicious. Coffee was good. Service was great. Atmosphere was fun and funky. Liked the coffee shop bakery with bar!  Turkey BLT was with roast turkey not deli sliced turkey and tasted real good. Picked up a scone for later.Perfect cafe that was right in the neighborhood for our stay in New Orleans. I had an amazingly fresh muffin and delicious coffee, while my boyfriend had a big breakfast to hold him over for the morning. Must be nice to have a place like this where you live!Found this place on a rainy Sunday morning. Such a cute little cafe, brightly colored and friendly staff! We were a little confused at first because it's right in the middle of a residential neighborhood. I feel like that adds to its charm. The food was good. I had the breakfast special which was just two eggs, bacon, toast and fruit, but everything sounded really yummy! The house made jam was delicious, I think the one I had was peach mango, but they have a few other flavors as well. Would definitely be a repeat customer if I lived in New Orleans!Yep, the other reviewers are right on it. It's cute and cozy with good coffee and very friendly guy behind the counter the night we were there.Who Dat is a Nice coffee shop. I could see why people like to come here. Wi-Fi / Internet A chill place area in the back of the shop. The Cookie are soooo damn good.Last haul before the airport. Great neighborhood breakfast place in Marigny! They also serve drinks! I would've given them 5 stars but my steak took too long. Other than that, it's a cute place with very friendly staff. Prices are great and locals come here. They also have outdoor seating.Amazing fresh foods. Over the top in flavored. Service great!!  I love the crisp fresh salad with fantastic red pepper vinaigrette. The pancakes were grainy and fresh.OH EM GEE. The corn cakes are amazing!!!Eat here if you're looking for breakfast. Good food, great service and vibe. My kinda place, frequented by locals, and outside the hustle of the Quarter. I wish I knew of more places like this in town.Great neighborhood coffee shop! Super friendly staff, great coffee. The breakfast sandwiches are a must.A friend on facebook suggested we try Who Dat and so glad that I did.  Loved the atmosphere, staff was very friendly, and great selection of drinks.  My friend ordered the wedge bleu cheese salad.  It was the biggest I have ever seen.  Dressing was house made.  Will definitely be returning with my family.We had a great breakfast on Valentines day, the best tasting hollandaise sauce I have ever had! Very friendly staff and great coffee, will definitely return on our next trip.Came here for the first time about a year ago, and loved everything about this coffee shop. The decor is intriguing and unique to New Orleans, and the options are plentiful. Exactly one year later, and I'm back in town for another service trip and HAD to return as this place had stuck out to me to that extent (others who returned for the trip for a second year agreed), and the new group was just as in awe. Walking in with a group of 12-16 people could easily be intimidating, but the worker handled it with grace. Love the differing rooms with different seating options and the outdoor patio, extremely guest friendly. Can we relocate to Cleveland by the Bourbon Street Ballroom? :)Sometimes when I need to study, I will go out of my way and drive from Ponchatoula to go here. Super friendly atmosphere, Bohemian enough to be perfect for the city, and amazing food and beverages.
Huge advantages: cold drip iced coffee, great location with good parking, endless array of pastries, excellently prepared savoury dishes. A great spot for people and dog watching.
When it comes to dining, I really only have one thing to say: corn cakes! Make sure you go hungry. They are... I can't even describe how incredible they are.
Seriously, the corn cakes are out of this world.
The people that work there are pleasant, genuine, very personable, professional, but with just the perfect amount of laissez-faire.
Another bonus: good Wi-Fi.
You should go.I'm so glad I discovered Who Dat Café! It's become my favorite Marigny coffeehouse! Nearly all of the wide assortment of baked items are made in-house. Everything I've tried is so delicious! The outside seating is on a comfortable corner and the inside seating is especially cozy. To top it off, they have a full assortment of liquor so you can turn your coffee, tea, juice or soda into a cocktail!Coffee/chai 2 stars, service and atmosphere 4 stars = 3 star balance. Who Dat is such a cute shop tucked on the street corner. You immediately feel welcomed by the staff and decor upon entering. To your right, up a few steps, is an area with a few tables and chairs. To the left, there's a hallway with a bathroom and some seating in back. The bar area, where drinks are made and baked goods are sold, takes up the majority of the space inside. 
Wish I ate gluten, cuz there were tons of baked options. All kinds of muffins, coffee cakes, and cookies! Bf was sad when he scanned the vast pastry selection - and asked about any gluten free options, but was met with the answer: "We are not allowed to carry anything because it might be cross contaminated." Sounds like they got beaten down by someone before. Too bad. 
Sounds like the food here is quite good, so perhaps we'll have to come back and try another time. For now, the drinks were a bit of a disappointment on our first visit here.Overpriced, mediocre coffee. Baked goods are very good. I'd go here more often, but I could save $2 on a cup of coffee down the street. 
When I do go, I enjoy the outdoor seating and friendly people.Delicious Reuben sandwich and impressive side salad for lunch today.  Service was fast and super friendly.  More tables needed.  Haha.  Love this Marigny place.Great little neighborhood spot. Food is good if a little pricey and the coffee is spot on. The employees just seem like they're all having fun which is a good sign. 
I had to come work here for a few hours one night and Kenny was so nice and we ended up talking for a long time, plus he served me a mean capoccino. Will be coming back for sureLovely place. Enjoy the relaxed but very nice atmosphere. Outdoor tables available to enjoy people watching and good conversations. I highly recommend!My wife and I were stranded in NOLA for a day and this coffee shop was right down the street from our hotel. The ambiance is really cool and has a great indie coffee shop vibe. The barista was friendly and helpful. I reserve one star for the cappuccino I ordered. I'm beginning to think it's a southern thing, but the foam I've been getting on my caps has been really thick and bubbly; not the microfoam you tend to see in specialty shops. It tends to really separate the milk from the foam. All in all a pretty cool place to take a load off and recharge.I have spent a lot of time studying and hanging out in this cafe. I do like the coffee, chi, muffins blah blah blah. But what really makes it for me is how pretty and peaceful it is in here. It's very light and airy, there are lots of places and different chairs and couches to sit on, there are tons of books   to read as well as art on the wall to look at, and there is a little patio! It just feels so comfortable, I could and have spent many hours enjoying this place.Everything here, from the friendly staff to the stellar food and drink offerings is all top notch.  There's certainly a reason we make this our daily stop on every visit to New Orleans.Best bloody of all.  I love this place.  Jams are absolutely great.  It's consistent and well worth the trip.  I come every time.The Who Dat is my favorite neighborhood coffee shop. They make their own spiced chai fresh every day and they have an excellent selection of locally made pastries- plus they usually have sausage egg and cheese biscuits made in house for about $3.  There is often fresh lemonade with seasonal fruit that is really killer over ice mixed with black tea. If you're hungry for more than a giant cookie or a muffin, the restaurant in the back has a full menu. The beverages are on the pricier side compared to some other area shops but they have a buy ten, get one free punch card that's a favorite for regulars. 
I ADORE the baristas.They're always friendly and often funny- just what I need before caffeinating. They do take plastic and don't charge a fee or a minimum.I love sitting outside, inside in the front, in the back on the couches. I like doing work here. I always meet interesting people at Who Dat. It's clean, inviting and the staff are all awesomely friendly and helpful. I've only had coffee and a Morning Glory muffin (super delicious) but I look forward to eating a meal soon. Love love LOVE this place :)We loved this place. It was busy when we arrived but they had a comfortable waiting area and were able to get us to a table rather quickly. The food was yummy. We had the corn cakes with the creamy egg sauce. My husband practically licked the plate as it was so good. We also had the catfish benedict. The catfish was cooked perfectly and it was delicious. They also have $5 mimosas and great coffee. This was a great find for us on our trip to New Orleans and I would absolutely return next time we are in the area.Strawberry cookie, what kind of unicorn magic is this??After cycling past for years & seeing outdoor tables filled with cheerful patrons, we decided to drop in for Saturday brunch.  Lali chose cornbread casserole, which was surprisingly tasty, while I went for the shrimp remoulade stuffed red tomato, which was excellent.  Looks like a sorta "full bar", yuppie drinks, casual atmosphere.  
We'll be back !Great service from Collin! Excellent food, portions and price. Quiet atmosphere and dog friendly. Will be back!The coffee is good but they don't know how to make a latte with almond milk. One day they tell me they do not make lattes that way and the next they can't froth the milk. But any other coffee shop can an I can do it at home. The Service is great. Food is blah. I've gotten breakfast there twice an have been disappointed both times. The food is not seasoned and very bland. I couldn't eat my grits because they were just gross. Felt like hospital food. The jams are the only thing I enjoyed. I will only go out of desperation I'd rather walk to fair grinds on st. ClaudeWound up eating breakfast here, only because Birdie's was closed... but it turned out to be one of the best meals we had while in NOLA. 
Really quickly - let me say that Birdie's sounds so cool with the ceramics studio, but it was still closed after their posted hours said it was open. After a few minutes of waiting, the woman who runs the studio (Birdie?) showed up on her bike, sent some texts to the guy who runs the restaurant and then told us she had no idea where he was. Bummer.
But it all worked out fine. We had seen Who Dat written up on Yelp, but the name makes it sound like a sports bar for Saints fans or something. I was way wrong. This is a great neighborhood cafe, on par with one of my favorite places in WeHo, called La Conversation. We sat outside on the tree-lined sidewalk and savored every bite and sip.
Delicious food and coffee, friendly service, quiet street, friendly diners (one of them had a shih tzu died magenta) who all seemed to know each other. I wish I lived there!This is ABSOLUTELY my favorite breakfast and coffee shop in New Orleans! You cannot go wrong eating here! This is one of the many old converted homes into a wonderful neighborhood place! Having the crabby bene, tea, and lots of other great foods!decent coffee, better breakfast egg sandwich. cute neighborhood spotI popped in here while talking a walk around the neighborhood with my friend and her dog. Why this place over all the other neighborhood coffee shops? They had lots of seating and it looked cute inside--- and smelled great! I definitely made a good choice.
The menu is extensive, so whatever you want, they're sure to have. Tons of drinks, tons of baked goods. Service was friendly and generally awesome. The shop itself has tons of seating indoors and out, with lots of folks just hanging out, some working on their laptops. Definitely a great hang out spot.
I got a mocha with non fat milk, which was phenomenal. Easily one of the best I've ever had. We also got a banana bread (great) and a pumpkin bread (AMAZING).Exceptional service. Excellent brunch available every day. Truly a neighborhood hangout.Who Dat Coffee Cafe was an enjoyable place to study for a few hours (free wifi), especially at the shady outdoor tables. The coffee was good, and I very much enjoyed my strawberry cookie.What a great experience!  Humza was our waiter and he was fantastic. Craig (the owner) -- what a guy!! Everyone was very warm and friendly. This was definitely worth the wait time (if its busy) and we will be back again before we go! Who dat Cafe - you rock! PS. Didn't get the not yo mommas but the crab cakes Benedict and by water bene are so so so good too! And those bloody Marys! Mmm Mmm mmmmmmThis was another local spot that we found on my last trip to New Orleans.  The service was great, as per the usual New Orleans hospitality!  The food was pretty good too.  Both dishes could have been warmer, but it still tasted good.  I had the vegetable quiche and my husband had the scramble.  We left feeling satisfied and ready for a big day ahead of us.What a great little place just off frenchmen street! Breakfast and coffee- so worth the walk!Oh yeah! That's the place to go for breakfast! We walked about a mile to get there (you can take Uber) and it was worth every step. Very nice place, well decorated, very friendly welcoming staff and waiters. We got the corn cakes which were out of this world. LOVE them. We also got a biscuit with their home make jams and they were so generous they gave us a second with a variety of jams. All so good. In this order:
1. Pineapple mango
2. Mixed berry 
3. Strawberry 
4. Peach 
The coffee was delicious too.THE CORNCAKES ROCKED MY WORLD! Oh my gosh, I promise I will come and eat breakfast here at least once every time I return to New Orleans because it was so delicious, filling, and savory that I could have stuffed myself until I popped! My coffee was great and the server was awesome. 
A neat place with DELICIOUS food that you should definitely check out if you're in New Orleans.After visiting here several more times it obviously bringing me back for more so time to adjust my 3 star rating to a 4star. The people here are very nice and although service can be a bit inconsistent they do a nice job. After previously only visiting for breakfast or lunch I decided to give it a try on a Friday night for dinner.  It was a great retreat from the hustle and bustle of some of the more mainstream restaurants packed for jazz fest. The food was fresh, service was great and they actually have drinkable wine and affordable prices. It delivered exactly what I hoped for good food, not overly crowded and affordability in a nice setting. They offer some nice daily specials and they even serve their breakfast menu at nite. I believe they are only open for dinner (Fri-Sun) but breakfast and lunch 7 days a week. Defiantly a great local option anytime they're open!Decent amount of places to sit compared to some of the other local spots.  I ordered the St. Peters quiche topped with shrimp and crab meat.  Scrumptious tasty and hit the spot for sure.  They don't invest much in their fruit but maybe it's the season?  The quiche was a bit pricey at $16 but definitely worth it.  Not too crowded for a Sunday either.Wow! Great breakfast and Yes those weren't my mamas cornbread! They were better!!! Loved the food and service. Great meal..We went for brunch on a Sunday, and the food was absolutely delicious!  Great, very friendly service with a laid back vibe.  Awesome little place to grab an affordable bite!Gotta say, the food here is yummy! I had the 'Mandeville Omelette'... Very rich and delicious... Wait staff are attentive and friendly. Great atmosphere... Really chill restaurant compared with the hectic energy of eateries on Bourbon St and in the French Quarter ...  (In the Marigny). 5-Stars for successful local coffee shop with great brunch!thank you craig for cafe nero.  We finally stopped in and got FOOD.  I'm just watching this place get better every time.  We have been eyeing the menu, and decided to stop with our dog, and try the reuben.  we LOVE reubens, and today?  I had one here that was FAB YOU LUSSS!  we split it, and it was perfect for two.  lots of yummy meat, and sauerkraut, and crispy rye bread, with I believe?  remolaude?  YUMMY!
new favorite guilty pleasure in my neighborhood.
BTW?  this is My spot for coffee, and mocha's on a regular basis.  Thanks Craig, and Thanks Josh for being so wonderful today!I love this place. I used to live around the corner but had to move and I came back for a visit this morning. Everybody here is so sweet all the time and the vanilla latte & food were perfect. Thanks y'all!As I write this review, I have been here 3 times in 2 days. If all goes well, I'll be here again tomorrow morning. It's that good.
Locals eat here. I was the only tourist. People are really genuinely friendly. They like one another's company and even just overhearing their friendly conversations made me feel like one of their friends.. They will most likely even like you.
At night, it's a good and quiet place for an adult beverage.Well damn, Who Dat, you have come a long way.
This place is like literally a block from my house, and I haven't gone there in probably over a year because I was never a huge fan.  It was cash only, and I wasn't wild about the coffee or the styrofoam cups.  But I stopped by there today because it was too late for Rose Nicaud, and WOW, it looks really nice!  And they take cards now (they have this weird system where they turned an ipad into a credit-card-taker, make sure you tip before you sign or else you can't and then you look like a tool).  
I think the guy said they bake everything in-house now, (no Sysco bullshit)?
I got a big-ass hot mocha.  I didn't see anything wrong with this place besides the styrofoam cups.  That's just a personal issue; I have sort of a styrofoam phobia and I hate the way it feels and sounds.  But yeah, the hot mocha was good, the guy behind the counter was cool (he's that guy who's been making coffee at various coffee shops around town for years now, the one who looks like some kind of model/heartthrob and probably singlehandedly attracts the entire gay male clientele from within a 3 mile radius) and the place was impressive.  I would give it 5 stars, but I want to wait till I can try the little breakfast-and-lunch cafe they set up next door.
I still think they should have named it Brew Dat, though.  Then they could have a seasonal coffee called Brew Dees (like Drew Brees / Deez Nutz, get it??).  People should pay me to name their businesses for them, I am full of great ideas.Food and coffee are great here, and the ambiance is homey and great for both socializing and getting work done. What really makes this place for me is the lovely staff, who are friendly in a genuine way and never seem to mind my camping out and working on my laptop for hours.now called hallowed ground, still a fabulous hangout for the locals in the neighborhood.  great art, good brews, and good people.  nice spot to hang out and bring your computer, utilize the wifi.  after the storm this place was a staple for the surrounding digs.  had to chase off the red cross, simply because, they were giving away free food, and this place actually was serving food.  they even provided mail slots, books to read and more.  when it was sold?  an employee purchased it, and the place never skipped a beat.NOLA - all things gentrified in a slightly shabby chic way. We stayed in Marigny and wanted a place for breakfast. Walked to Who Dat and this place is very nicely detailed, the food is good and the service was good. Seems like a good number of local residents come here. I would visit again.Amazing food and great service.  Collin the gm is so kind and well mannered. The food is well prepared and fresh.Wasn't so pleased with my last visit on 10/3/14. I purchased banana bread. As I was eating it, I discovered hair in it along with pieces of  paper in the bread. Can't say I will return.Amazing egg and sausage biscuit. Perfectly complimented with a chocolate banana pound cake slice and large cappuccino with Donald : 11/13/2016Huge fan of this place, but be warned it's cash only. At least they are nice enough to put an ATM in the back. I grabbed an iced chai that was delicious. I grabbed a fruity tea for my bud that was also great. 
This place had a cute feel, breakfast food, cookies, and a check-in special! You should go in there. Better than the Orange Couch. Or as my buddy Ezra calls it " the place where you walk inside and feel like an ipod."Who Dat Coffee is my go-to spot in the Marigny. Their establishment is quirky yet welcoming and their baristas are friendly. 
If you've been searching for a good spot to set up shop and work or study, you have found your place. There's always plenty of room to sit both inside and outside, and their wifi is free/pretty strong! 
Their coffee is pretty good although I do feel like it may be a tad more expensive than other shops in the area. Their Red Velvet Cookies are TO DIE FOR. I have to restrain myself from eating like six every time I'm there. I'm also a huge fan of their grab and go breakfast sandwiches. 
Who Dat Coffee also has some lovely alcoholic concoctions that you can delight in if that's your jam (it's mine). They offer a smaller selection of wine/beer but their liquor/cocktail selection is quite impressive. Every now and then, I'll ask the barista/bartender to surprise me with a cocktail and I've yet to be disappointed!I loved the almond latte. Rich not too sweet, just what the cafeine doctor ordered after lunch.sooo good!!!   I stumbled upon this  place when riding on my Confederacy of Cruisers Bike Tour.  I was desperate for food and veered off the tour for a bite to eat here.  I returned a couple days later to walk the cool neighborhood and enjoy a sit down meal meal.  I had the catfish bene and it is seriously one of the best breakfast meals I ever had.   I'll be a repeat customer for sure.  Thanks!!!Great place for lunch. The Nero salad is a big local creole tomato stuffed with yummy, spicy shrimp remoulade. Have it. 
Nice pleasant airy place, friendly attentive staff. Delightful.I love love love this place!  The coffee is good, the teas are great, they have pastries that are pretty good, probably the best in the neighborhood, and they vary pretty often.  I like the breakfast too, but what truly makes this place are the friendly baristas!  Seriously, it is very hard to have a bad day when everyone is so friendly!   There have been a few times when I was just not feeling that great, and then I would leave with a smile on my face. I'm a regular, they know my name and greet me when they see me. They make me happy to be there and put me in a good mood! It's what keeps me coming back.  Love them, love this place!One of the best dining experiences I've had in New Orleans. Very friendly service in a unique café atmosphere, with outdoor seating. Honestly, you can't go wrong with any of the dishes here. The coffee is great, too (they actually know the difference between a latte and a cappuccino). Try the crabby benedict or the corn cakes. So good & so filling.Order: Cappuccino
Price: Free (normally $3)
Pros: Friendly staff, HUGE sizes
Cons: Not the best coffee ever but pretty good cappuccino
Thoughts: We met up with some friends here to chat for a while during out trip and it turned out to be an awesome place to do that. Who Dat Cafe sits on a street corner and while they have plenty of indoor seating, they also have a ton of outdoor seating around umbrella covers tables that remind me so much of the cafe's you'll find in Europe.
We had ordered a cappuccino right as we walked in but shortly after that the barista let us know that the machine was acting up and it could take a while. It ended up taking almost 15 minutes and so the drink was on the house for the day. It was also freakin huge...this wasn't a cup of coffee, it was a bowl of coffee. Interestingly it wasn't watered down with milk as expected, meaning they definitely put plenty of espresso in the drink to keep the strong coffee flavor despite serving such a large amount.
Who Dat was a great place to sit and meet with new people; the seating was fantastic, and even though it took them a while to get the coffee out, it was still an enjoyable experience.I love this coffee. Who Dat has the best coffee around. HANDS DOWN. I've never been dissatisfied with anything I've gotten there. From iced coffee, to chicken salad. Everything has been delightful. I only wish that it would be open before I go to work. (I go to work at an ungodly hour :-) 5am.... sheesh!)This isn't my first time here but I needed to leave this review. It may be a little cramped, but It's a perfect breakfast/brunch spot. It's conveniently on the corner and has a very pleasant ambiance. Every time I go in for tea or coffee I'm greeted with a friendly smile. I have not had the food just yet, but I will be back soon. No off street parking, but that's what comes along with spots in the quarters. Great place and I can't wait to come back.this place never ever disappoints  . . . . . always excellent food & rock star serviceI ate hear after running the crescent city classic. Eating after a race makes everything you can shove in your mouth taste like food porn. I'm still pretty sure Who Dat cafe is killer, even when you're not starving. They have a great brunch and tons of space, so there's usually not a wait, even during peak brunching hours. They make a slammin' huevoes rancheros and a pretty killer shrimp egg thing. They have a diverse brunch menu and everything on it is great. 
Brunching outside in the marigny in the early spring is one of life's finer points. It's a reminder of why New Orleans is one of the greatest cities in the world to visit and live in. Who Dat is a prime location to experience the magic of sipping coffee in a colorful neighborhood on a lazy day in the big easy.I was in New Orleans visiting last week and we ate breakfast here because it was down the street from our Airbnb  
It was absolutely delicious and the service was fantastic. I highly recommend having breakfast here or stopping by for a quick coffee or tea!this place is a real gem in Marigny. Our hosts recommended it it is absolutely  wonderful. The ambience, laid back yet friendly staff make you feel at home in an instant. Food is great and reasonably priced. Wifi is also available. Indoor outdoor seating as well as some comfortable couches in the back if you are just there for a coffee/cocktail and not eating. Watermelon Lemonade is to die for. Don't miss this fantastic spot. Well worth the jaunt from the FQ. Breakfast and Lunch menu's available all day. 7-3. Closes at 10 pm.I tried to understand the phase of southern life. But 30 minutes passed. We still don't get our breakfast. They are not even busy. Really? Take more the 30 minutes to make 2 over easy eggs , sausage and pancake???? No one even care if we got anything to Start with. Food is good,but service suck.So I happened upon this place during a day of whirlwind apartment hunting, desperately in need of an afternoon pick me up. Not only did I find that pick me up, I found penises (completely unrelated, I swear).
In addition to offering your usual cafe beverages and snacks, the Who Dat Cafe has a nice selection of local handicrafts. By far, the highlight of this trip was the "anatomically correct" sock monsters for sale, complete with erect penises. I could just end my review here, because really, what more does a cafe need? I'd say nothing.
But I will say that the guy that runs the cafe was super friendly and more than happy to offer his input on my apartment search, which was much appreciated. 
This is a cute little place. They switch out the art every month with art from local artists and there is a nice seating area outside. The cupcakes looked really good. Though I did not try one, the chocolate bacon cupcake is on my list of things to try on my next visit.I'm a huge sucker for brunch, but I've never given a brunch place 5 stars before. This is a big deal for me-- this place is PHENOMENAL.
The AirBnB we stayed out during our recent trip to New Orleans happened to be right across the street from Who Dat, and boy were we lucky to be so close. We went in for brunch close to 2pm the day after a very late night (as one tends to have in NOLA) and loved the quirky, casual ambience of the place. The servers were very friendly and cheerful, and gladly answered all of our questions.
I ordered the Bywater Bené with a fried green tomato (extra $2 but you won't regret it!!!) and it was THE. MOST. AMAZING. EGGS. BENEDICT. EVER. The eggs were perfectly poached, the ciabatta was perfectly toasted, and the hollandaise-- I don't know what they put in there, but the hollandaise has an amazing kick to it. Lots of fresh fruits on the side (to make us feel a bit less guilty about all the other things we would later consume in NOLA, I suppose) and a large, very filling portion size.
I don't often return to the same restaurant twice while traveling because I want to explore new places... But it's very telling that I came back to Who Dat the following day for brunch again and ordered the same dish again. Yeah, it was that good. The coffee cocktails are also excellent here and worth checking out. We happened to be conveniently located, but in the future I would trek across the entire city for that hollandaise again. Can't wait to come back to NOLA just for this place!!good coffee with outside seating, wifi, and super-nice folks. haven't done much snacking yet, but it's a good spot to get out of the house, get caffeinated, and (try to) get some work done!Cool New Orleans coffee shop.  They have fresh baked pastries and homemade jellies and a full breakfast and lunch menu.  Great atmosphere, better food.Highly recommend!   Awesome food and friendly service.  I had the cornbread cakes with cheesy egg sauce- may sound weird but its crazy delicious!  My friend had the quiche and it was outstanding as well.  
Loved the decor and ambiance.   Great locale for breakfast.Great sweets and drinks. But I saw a mouse twice while I was seated in the cafe. I notified the barrista, who just said "ok." I'm not sure he could have done anything else in that moment. But the establishment needs to address the rodent issue. Seems pretty concerning for mice to be running across the open floor in broad daylight.This place brings with it a very special and magical charm about it, that lifts your spirits and touches your heart. It feels like coming home after being away for awhile and your family is so happy to see you. Thats the feel of this place. The food is fresh and flavored with so much taste it tingles your soul. The staff (THE FAMILY) that works there is incredible, they pretty much keep the same staff, so feel free to fall in love with your favorite, they'll be there. If you want to experience the realness of a true local NOLA cafe that you see in movies and hear about on TV shoes, check this place out. Locals will discover a new favorite,  and tourist will find another reason to visit .I love love love this place! 
I recently was working a contract job in the french quarter and every morning drove down to the upper ninth to pick up my friend. Getting up early without coffee is something we both don't do so she suggested grabbing some caffeine at the Who Dat Cafe. 
The place is clean and cozy and quiet (at least around 8am). The espresso machine is unlike what I've seen used at other places and made my friend and I want to learn to pull our own shots on theirs. Being that it was soooo early in the morning I ordered a double shot of espresso-iced. When the barista asked if I would like cream I realized my mistake. "Oh my gosh, I meant a double shot iced latte! I'm sorry--I'm obviously not awake yet." He added a whole bunch of milk and the flavored syrup that I like and when I took that first sip....Mmmmmmmmm! NOW THAT'S how espresso should taste! I had to make a point by telling him I've had latte's all over the city and they are usually bitter and even with simple syrup don't make much of a change. I was super impressed. My friend ordered a hot cup of their coffee of the day which she also loved. (She went to a coffee convention last year so she knows her stuff.)
We made it a point to stop their everyday during that job and everytime--delish! The second morning the same barista gave us one of those "buy 10 cups get a cup free cards" and gave us hole punches for our drinks the previous morning. On the third day, a different barista tried to run a credit card on his ipad but when that didn't work we luckily had cash. (Got an EXTRA hole punch for our troubles.)
Sure wish I lived closer to this place, I would be there every morning. 
Did I mention they have fresh pastries and muffins too? That would be a whole 'nother review!I've never had a bad experience here!  In the earlier days of the Who Dat, I was there almost everyday.  The past year has me in a million directions so I don't get to frequent it as much as I used to.  BUT, every time I stop by the experience is the same: wonderful staff, lovely customers, and comforting food.  I find the time slip away somehow and yes, I've been late to work because of the relaxing (and hilarious) conversations floating around the shop.  What better way to enjoy a cup of coffee, a pastry, a meal, or hell, even just a glass of water!  
Cafe Nero (the cute little add-on restaurant next door): Try The Marigny.  If you like crab and shrimp, you won't be disappointed.  The bacon is awesome and yes, it usually keeps me away from my vegetarian ways.  Mawmaw's Quiche......yes, please!  I also highly recommend the chicken n dumplings if it's a special.  
If you find yourself strolling along in the Marigny one beautiful day, stop by the Who Dat Coffee Cafe!!After visiting here several more times it obviously bringing me back for more so time to adjust my 3 star rating to a 4star. The people here are very nice and although service can be a bit inconsistent they do a nice job. After previously only visiting for breakfast or lunch I decided to give it a try on a Friday night for dinner.  It was a great retreat from the hustle and bustle of some of the more mainstream restaurants packed for jazz fest. The food was fresh, service was great and they actually have drinkable wine and affordable prices. It delivered exactly what I hoped for good food, not overly crowded and affordability in a nice setting. They offer some nice daily specials and they even serve their breakfast menu at nite. I believe they are only open for dinner (Fri-Sun) but breakfast and lunch 7 days a week. Defiantly a great local option anytime they're open!3.5 stars
It's hard for me to instantly become "a fan" of a business after just one visit.  However it can, and has happened to me before.  However, my recent visit to Who Dat Coffee was less than 5 minutes in length as even though I was not working, I was in a hurry to be somewhere. (Kind of colloquial huh Marielle?)  
I'd say it again just by their nature that coffee shops are not kid friendly.  Just like The Orange Couch, this place had a double door out front in which most customer simply used the right side door.  However, I attempted to push my son's stroller through the door and promptly wedged it in place.  Now I had the entire entrance barricaded.  The barista told me to pull the left door from the bottom (as it sticks) and after 2 tugs, we were free again.  However, we did have the glaring attention of everyone inside.  I was hoping someone would say something so I could slam them with a witty remark, but it was not meant to be.
Once inside, I was taken back at how cool this place looked.  Everything was neat, clean and there were several tables in which to sit , aside from the few tables outside (if al fresca is your thing).   There was even a small room in the back with some plush chairs and a sofa (or love seat).  From reading a few of the other reviews, it seems that there is yet another room I have yet to discover.
Being in a hurry, and having just gorged myself at my in-laws, I got a tried and true iced coffee.  I was a little disappointed that the barista could not tell me exactly what brand of coffee I was drinking, but he stated it was a NOLA roasted coffee and the flavor was called Marigny somethingwhatever.   Still, he was polite and friendly and I would definitely go back.
Hopefully next time I will not be in such a hurry so I can explore all the rooms, and possibly even get a refill for once.
Bonus points for my grandmother living within 1 block of this place.  I think I'll tell her to meet me there for my next visit, as there is no better way to spend time than having a cup of coffee with your grandma!Ok...I'm at a lost for words. 
Which we know is to be next to impossible. Normally I know exactly what to say, but this place is special.
The staff is exceptional, very interpersonal, professional, and knowledgeable. 
The Cafe itself feels like it has taken your living room and dining room from your house and turned into a cafe. 
It has outside seating that is in direct sun but the tables have umbrellas. There is also a section outdoor seating that is in the shade provided by the trees and building.
The inside seating is sparse upfront due to the enormous amount of counter space showcasing all the baked goodies. The back area has its own area that has two love seats and two seating chairs. With a who dat coffee table. It also has 5 outlets for plugging in technology. 
The Cafe area which is a wait to be seated area has its own section tucked off to The side.
Need a mailbox...they have a miniature free standing p.o. box yep a mailbox in a cafe! So the atm next to it makes perfect sense. 
The food, coffee, and liquor options is extensive and needs a separate review all together, but if your hungry you will find everything you need here.
 Just on the pastries I counted over a dozen ranging from Apple Fritters to Double Chocolate Sour Cream Banana Bread!
Say waaaat!Absolutely fantastic experience there this morning. I had the best crab cake Benedict I've ever had; the staff were friendly and obviously enjoyed being there; and the wait was minimal. Can't wait to go back!The best coffee, staff, and neighborhood hangout, hands down!
I can't say enough about this place.  It puts other coffe houses in the neighborhood to shame, for various reasons from the coffee to the food, staff, the patrons, and the general ambiance.  It's not that I don't like the others, they just don't have it all in one place.  But the WHO DAT DOES!!!  
There is no better place to while away the day the in the Marigny and get caffeinated or fed.  And they are kid friendly, unlike some places, yay!
And let's talk about the food.  The Not Yo Mama's Cornbread is so good you might want to slap your mama for not makin it that way since you was a wee bebe.  And the Eggs Benedict, mmmmmmMMM!  The only thing I have had that I don't love is the sausage gravy and biscuits, but I seem to be the only one.  Maybe it's because I really am a vegetarian most of the time.  The egg casserole is faaabbbbulous.  I am workin ma way down that menu.  I'll make it some day.  So jazzed that dinner is now being added.  
Oh and that pesky little credit card issue is no longer a problem, y'all!
WHO DAT!DELICIOUS espresso, very friendly staff, beautiful pastry counter. I was tempted by the coffee cocktails what with it being Friday after work, but I stuck to my guns for a pleasant study session outside on the sidewalk patio. Definitely coming back.We ate there for the first time this afternoon. I ordered the eggs and hash, and she ordered one of the bacon, turkey sandwiches. Her sandwich was awesome, my hash was not. It looked like that dog food kind that comes out of a can, which I like if cooked till almost black and not runny. This was runny and just not super appetizing, the eggs were cooked perfectly and lucky for me there was some hot sauce. 
The place is awesome and really clean, well lit, designed nicely, the coffee great. But don't order the eggs and hash unless you like the kind that comes in a can, that has those little square potatoes in it.This review is two parts, one for my first visit (to the coffee bar side), and the other for my second visit (to the table-service cafe in the back).
The coffee drinks here are delicious, fresh, and created by professionals. The prices are reasonable. The seating in the downstairs area is limited, but comfy. There are also some seats outside. This place is off the beaten path, but definitely a great way to start your day. If you are one of those folks who likes to sample the "authentic" side of a city or neighborhood, you won't get much more "authentic" coffee house experience anywhere else in the Marigny. Try a pastry while you're there, if it's breakfast.
Or if you're coming later (brunch/lunch), walk upstairs to the cafe. As the sign says, "grab a menu and have a seat". Someone from the friendly wait staff will be with you shortly. The seating is even more limited upstairs than down (I counted seven tables and about 25 seats), but as long as nobody is waiting you are encouraged to remain after your meal as long as you like. The food is the best reason to visit - and I highly recommend it. The menu isn't especially long, but take it from me - a place doesn't have to offer you dozens and dozens of choices if what they do is all done exactly right. Add in a coffee drink from downstairs and you've got a great midday dining experience.
It's usually quiet there, and if it's quiet or steady, I think you'll have a great time.Randomly found this place searching for a coffee shop to do my homework. I was informed I had to sit in the back. Completely understandable because it was busy. I had a coffee cocktail which included Jameson I believe it was pretty tasty. I had to mix it a bit more to get the mocha blended better to my liking. My food was really goodExcellent service!  Eggs crab bend is excellent had house side salad loved the dressing.if you go for breakfast on weekend be prepared to chill a bit.  The kitchen is a bit slow,  husband had omelet and it was good with one pancake.  Pancake was cold but huge.  Coffee is good! Custumer service is the best though.Service 5. Fast and friendly.
Fare 5. Excellent coffee and nosh. I drooled over the cupcakes.
Atmosphere 5. Comfy, welcoming. 
There was a fresh fruit truck pulled up outside. Awesome!Well first, the coffee here is so good and carefully made. The food is delicious and their scones/desserts are out of this world. A great environment and even better staff.If you're in NOLA, give this place a visit. The restaurant is trendy and well-decorated without being gaudy or ostentatious. The barista's are always nice, and they're very informative of the menu! They have some of the best White Russians in NOLA, and their selection of tea is incredible! Don't miss it here!My kind of joint... good product (I only had coffee so can't speak to their other offerings), friendly service, great location and ambiance, reasonable prices.I came for breakfast on a Tuesday; it was one of the best meals I had during my 3 days in New Orleans. 
My friend got the quiche, which is actually a frittata with too much cheddar cheese, but it was good, and the potatoes were delicious. I got an omelette, which was actually scrambled eggs, and it was DELICIOUS. Came with fruit salad, fruit was fresh and awesome.
Coffee was pretty alright; perfectly passable for milky coffee with breakfast.
Would come back here to do work alone or to brunch w buds.This cute place ended up being the first and last stop during my stay in the Marigny. I was too early to check into the b&b, so I stopped in to waste a little time and enjoy a yummy treat. I tried the bacon chocolate cupcake I had first read about here on Yelp. It was everything I had hoped it would be, sweet, salty, and delicious! I washed it down with a lovely flavored iced tea. This was a great place to sit and relax and see all that this great neighborhood has to offer. Fabulous art on the walls for sale, all done by local artists. So many people coming and going as I sat at the window seat. Brought my sister back on our way to the airport. We had more tasty muffins and hot tea. We sat outside to say our goodbyes to NOLA and this great neighborhood we fell in love with.  Cannot wait until next time!This is one of my absoulute favorite spots in the entire city of New Orleans! The coffee is great! The atmosphere is pleasing and the neighborhood historic and beautiful. The food is fresh and cooked to order. All staff super friendly and baristas are amazing. Go here and you won't regret.We decided to give Who Dat Coffee a try for our recent Valentine visit to Nola for an afternoon brunch. The food was good and the service was excellent. The only downside was that the we discovered this cafe on the taleend of our trip or we would've been hanging out here a bit more.Fantastic place!  Service was great, Bloody Mary just right, food was very tasty.  I had the corncake with egg sauce out of this world.  Second trip for breakfast also, of course a Bloody Mary and country fried steak with home fries and a couple of eggs over - fantastic!Always like to visit Who Dat and have breakfast/brunch (which they serve until 3pm every day!) and sit out on the sidewalk tables and just chill to start my day.  Great Bloody Mary's and best cafe in the Marigny (thought: call them "Bloody Marignys"!).Nice coffee/breakfast cafe, with friendly staff who are a little slow at times, but if you're not in a rush, it's no big deal. The breakfast menu isn't the most comprehensive, and a couple of times the food has come out a little cold, BUT, it's incredibly tasty (jalapeno corn bread especially) and the outdoor seats are lovely in the sun. I go back once a month or so.This place seems nice with lots of choices. Nestled in a sweet neighborhood with lots of AirBnBs. Everything was great except the snarky barista from New York.I discovered this place right before I moved away from New Orleans for good about 7 years ago, and paid some intermittent visits since. Friendly, neighborhoody, and baked goods I would eat even if I had to take insulin for them. Most recently this white chocolate peanut butter bar. Who Dat I miss you from 1500 miles away!!I walked over here to grab some lunch just before noon on a summer Tuesday. The service here is super slow and basically inattentive. I waited about 10mins before getting a menu or my table cleaned. 
The entire staff seem like the slacker hipster type. Once I got served it got a little better. The waiter was kinda spacey but nice enough.
I had Da' Marigny salad. The shrimp and crab with remoulade was fresh and spicy. The salad hadn't really been prepped well. The lettuce and kale were garden fresh but the leaves were huge and the stems still attached. Not the worst thing on the world but just a little annoying.
I've had excellent service in this city but this one doesn't cut it.I just had the catfish special for lunch. The catfish was sublime as always.
Homemade blue cheese dressing on the salad was superb. And the homemade tartar sauce for the catfish special was super also. I call the salad a VIP salad, as it's made for a king :-) Delightful lunch.Iced coffee was amazing and the quiche was even better. Add some homemade jam and a perfect slice of toast and you have one happy ME. :)Went for impromptu breakfast and was beyond satisfied. Food was great and coffee cocktails for the win!Great establishment, just a little bummed the kitchen closes at 3 pm. So we ended up getting a piece of lemon cake.Phenomenal. I'm a very picky eater and I've never had corn cakes before... I tried my girlfriend's. Delicious. And god, the scrambled eggs were fluffy and delicious. Even the damn toast was the best toast I've ever had. Not to mention the service was wonderful. We will definitely be back!Great vibe (chill and yet "alive"); great staff (everyone is authentically nice); great coffee; excellent food. So glad I stumbled into here. I might return for their awesome sounding Happy Hour.Friendly, fast service without a long wait. Crispy bacon and hash browns. Quiche was crustless which was a plus for me. Cappuccino was yummy, too. Very enjoyable experience!This is ABSOLUTELY my favorite breakfast and coffee shop in New Orleans! You cannot go wrong eating here! This is one of the many old converted homes into a wonderful neighborhood place!I can't go anywhere else for coffee, Who Dat has ruined me for any other coffee shop. I wouldn't have it any other way! This is the perfect little neighborhood spot because there is always a nice mix of locals. It's not stuffy or snooty and the staff is very warm and friendly.
There is plenty of seating at small tables in the front and a cozy area in the back with comfy chairs and a couch. When the weather is nice, NOTHING beats sitting outside day or night. Everything has always been extremely clean and tidy from the counter, food displays, tables and bathroom. Plus there is free wifi, 2 community message boards and they have a mail box service is well. 
Breakfast, brunch and lunch are served every day until 3 p.m. if you're in the mood for something more substantial. Or if you prefer a pastry or sweet they also have you covered. The giant cookies are made in house, the loafs are made fresh, and numerous organic cakes are made from scratch within walking distance every day. You can't ask for anything fresher!!!sympathique café de quartier, simple, agréable. Le café est juste ok, mais c'est plus pour l'ambiance ou le plaisir de chiller dans un café qu'on se rend au who dat.Came here for the first time yesterday and so far I am impressed. I was happy to find that one of the friendlier, more attentive baristas from a different coffee shop I used to frequent now works here. Good sign that the coffee and counter service are up to par. I only had tea when I went in (they offer Mighty Leaf, which is a good tea company, though a nice selection of loose teas is always preferable) so I cannot speak to the quality of the beverages just yet. But the brioche I ordered from amongst a wide array of tantalizing pastries was delicious. (Until I dropped it in the street on my way out. And even then, I had to think it over for ten minutes before deciding not to pick off the gravel and eat it anyway.) I look forward to trying more of their offerings. The space itself is comfy, clean and aesthetically pleasing, with pleasant sidewalk space. This definitely looks like it may be my new favorite coffee shop.Breakfast and lunch food are good. Good also for wifi. Parking is off street and decent.Friendliest place, with great food offerings and truly adorable waitstaff!   Lots of dog walkers in the area, and outside seating makes it the perfect place to enjoy your coffee.Best breakfast and brunch place we've found in NOLA.  All their benedicts are amazing and their fried green tomatoes are the bomb!  Great customer service and consistently amazing food!  As an added bonus, the place was very clean.  Will continue to come back every time we are back in town.  Keep up the great work!Everything on the menu sounds delicious. The st Phillip quiche was amazing. And my friends and I tried 3 of the coffee cocktails which were all super tasty.Cute lil spot in a trendy neighborhood. Loved the food and atmosphere. It was a great last place to stop in NOLA as we began our journey back home.Nice little breakfast/brunch café with a very 'ma and pop' feel. Seems like you're eating at someone's house and you're a welcomed guest from start to finish. 
They close pretty early so don't sleep in too much.Good breakfast; good flavorful food!  Nice vibe.  Friendly serviceBest place to eat in Nawlins! Ask for Donna!With a name like "Who Dat" it's gotta be good, right?
This is a neat little Marigny coffee shop and cafe. When I pulled up to this place, I didn't expect much. It looked SUPER small and nothing really special on the outside. When I went inside, I was pleasantly surprised to find a super cozy set up. First of all, it was a rainy day, so that added to the cozy atmosphere. Second of all, I liked that there were small tables and a little "dining" area in the back and on the other side there was a room complete with sofas. It felt like I was at someone's house.
I ordered an ice coffee, which was delicious and I decided to sit outside with a friend and talk and watch the rain. Really nice. I didn't get to try the food but looking over the menu, they offer what sounds like super yummy sandwiches that I will definitely have to go back and try. I also want to try their breakfast selections.
Extra points for super easy street parking. I got a spot right in front and there were plenty to spare!Yummy breakfast options, especially the cornmeal cakes. Nice atmosphere outside.  Service very friendly, if a little spacey.  Has a nice NOLA vibe and most importantly the food is delicious.Who Dat is a Nice coffee shop. I could see why people like to come here. Wi-Fi / Internet A chill place area in the back of the shop. The Cookie are soooo damn good.Love this little place! The guys who work the counter are always super sweet and welcoming when you come in. The baked cookies are always great and always a wide variety to choose from. 
I've had the grab and go chicken salad sandwich and it was wonderful. 
I also love to bring my grand baby in the evening for a chocolate chip cookie and chocolate milk. Perfect place to sit outside and enjoy the evening.
They even offer alcoholic coffees.. Can't beat that!Food was very good service was NOT. The young waiter was very slow and inefficient. Had to ask for things numerous times and he would disappear. The quiche was something I will be back for!Sweet, quiet place to enjoy a fine cup of coffee and get some work, offline or online done. Bonus points for the old-school espresso machine and the great comfy chairs in back. Service was quick and friendly. I was surprised they serve coffee in Styrofoam, since the take such care with their coffee. I'll have to try brunch sometime soon!I love sitting outside and doing work here. The lemon ginger iced tea is delicious, and right now I can hear a jazz band practicing nearby. The baristas are really friendly, and all of the baked goods look delicious. Plus it's open late, which is great for getting work done.Absolutely love this café! Tucked away just beyond the craziness that is the French Quarter lies a little gem of a café. I visited here New Year's day, and it was a great start to a new year! 
I wanted to sit inside and eat because it was chilly out, but they do have a nice amount of outdoor seating available. While I was waiting I had the barista explain to me the different coffee drinks because I'm not a big coffee drinker and didn't know the difference of some of the fancier drinks. I ended up ordering a latte and it was so good I wished I had ordered a larger size. I drank my coffee while I waited for a table to come available, and soon enough it was ready. I'd been looking forward to my lunch here because a friend of mine recommended the food here. I ate the Not Ya Mama's corn cakes minus the bacon. I can attest, it's life changing! Order it! This dish is two cornbread pancakes with melted cheddar cheese in the middle and covered in some sort of cheese sauce. You basically can't go wrong ordering this.
I definitely can't wait to go back to get some more of the fabulous coffee and to try more of the food. Everything I saw while I was there looks delicious. I've also been recommending this café to anyone within earshot who will listen to me. Maybe I should stop doing that because then all the tables will be full when I want to go back for more! I'll also say that the service is excellent. Everyone I encountered was in a good mood and helpful in every way. I LOVE Who Dat Coffee Café and I can't wait to go back for more!I'm picky about the price of food at places and I typically find coffee shops over charge food for the amount you get. However, I found Who Dat Coffee Cafe gave a reasonable amount for the price. Along with free refills of coffee, I thought the chicken fried steak I had to be awesome and satisfying.My family and I come here every week. The WhoDat is the place that you would NEVER imagine has the kitchen that it does. Its great for embarrassing your pretentious friends. For one, the burger here COMPLETELY craps all over ANY burger in the area (yes, including Junction).  Its true. Try it. I get it with blue cheese and the bread is this amazingly delicious soft jalepeno bread. Its crazy. I will confess only to you, dear yelpers (and if you repeat this I will deny it) that one week while I was going through some mid life crisis, I ate that burger EVERY DAY. No joke and the whodat staff did not even judge me. 
The granola and yogurt may sound ho hum to order, but the granola is homemade and it is freaking OUTSTANDING- and I am a girl who makes my own granola and yogurt. I have tried multiple times to duplicate it but I cant. Its that good. The fruit is always fresh. Even the multigrain pancakes are the bomb.com. The service is always friendly, and the owner is local.  OH and you can get liquor put in your coffee. WHAT?!?!I love this place! Have been going since before the restaurant opened. The coffee is great, the food is awesome. Always get the special! But I also recommend their multigrain pancakes & the not yo mamas cornbread. The iced coffee is yummy and strong. The owner is there most days and so hospitable. A local hotspot I highly recommend!We came here for our last morning in Nola based only on the one review on Yelp here that said, "corn cakes, bitches!" So glad...I can't even put into words how incredible this dish was! The dude got a spicy Bloody Mary and I got a tall latte; side of smoked sausage and breakfast potatoes: perfection. The service was incredible--all staff members greeted all of us with love and smile. It was seriously the perfect experience and it filled our tanks with gratitude!!!! Also the outside area is dog friendly. Added bonus. Everyone visiting town needs to come here!Sometimes when I need to study, I will go out of my way and drive from Ponchatoula to go here. Super friendly atmosphere, Bohemian enough to be perfect for the city, and amazing food and beverages.
Huge advantages: cold drip iced coffee, great location with good parking, endless array of pastries, excellently prepared savoury dishes. A great spot for people and dog watching.
When it comes to dining, I really only have one thing to say: corn cakes! Make sure you go hungry. They are... I can't even describe how incredible they are.
Seriously, the corn cakes are out of this world.
The people that work there are pleasant, genuine, very personable, professional, but with just the perfect amount of laissez-faire.
Another bonus: good Wi-Fi.
You should go.Definitely my personal favorite coffee  shop. Staff is always friendly, coffee is amazing and best price you'll get for a normal cup of medium roast. Great place to hang out and do homework for a few hours at a time  
For the restaurant aspect the kitchen is amazing: I've had most of the menu, my favorite would have to be the "Da Marigny" salad.  My only complaint would be the inside seating (wish there was more of it)Great place, loved the vibe and the decorations and the food of course :) Our waiter Humza was a gracious host and all in all it was a great experience for brunch. I'll definitely be coming back, especially since there's also a cozy coffee shop area where I'd love to hang out and write.While visiting New Orleans, Who Day Coffee Cafe adopted my friends and I as regulars. We regularly returned 1-2 times a day for the duration of our trip and were always given excellent service & coffee. Charming, unique, and yummy, what more could you ask for?Lovely atmosphere! Service was prompt and courteous. The coffee was full-flavored and nicely prepared. The baked goods were tasty.Great food. Great coffee. Ample seating outdoors and indoors. Neat vibe. Great neighborhood. 
I love to stop in here with ole walking my dog. We sit in te sidewalk and enjoy giant iced teas on a warm day. They have mouth watering muffins!
If you're looking for a place to study/work then you'll find lots of company here. They have a cozy library area in the back too.
Great neighborhood. Great vibe.It is very hard to find a cafe with such a friendly staff as Who Dat. I was going to The Orange Couch around the corner but I couldn't take the rude and indifferent baristas there. Everyone at Who Dat is genuinely friendly and engaging and the food and drinks are very good as well!My husband and I live in the Marigny/Bywater, and make our way over to Who Dat once every couple weeks.  The service is great, staff is always friendly.  Their standard breakfast (eggs, grits, toast) is pretty good, but the corn cakes are aaaamazing.  Huevos rancheros is one of their specials... corn cakes topped with eggs, black beans, salsa, cheese, and a dollop of sour cream.  It's one of my favorite breakfasts in New Orleans, and it's huge- big enough for my husband and I to split.  We'll continue to frequent Who Dat!Shhhhh don't tell anyone!! Although with the hotel finishing up across the street soon, I fear this wonderful place will soon be as packed as the rest of the neighborhood. My one complaint out of the way first - although they open at 7, no food until 8. I kinda understand this but I hate it anyway as I forget every couple months and show up too early to partake in THE best chicken fried steak and eggs. The place is immaculate, adorable and truly locally New Orleans. Great crawfish boils in season, too!Best King Cake in the city! I also had their baked granola for breakfast the other day which was amazing, and clearly baked with love. 
Clean, quaint, friendly neighborhood service. Love it.Yo! The breakfast here was fire! We called in a huge order for 14 people and it was 100% correct, delicious, and on time. I would highly recommend.Great breakfast, home made preserves, best coffee, great place, nice people.This is my favorite bfast/brunch place in New Orleans! The food is crazy good and the service is fantastic. Everyone is so kind and welcoming. Favs on the menu are the "Not Yo Momma's Corn Cakes" and the Bywater Bené. Great coffee, too. I've been here probably 20 times and it's consistently wonderful! Usually not a wait, even on weekend mornings (which is rare for great brunch in the city). Great for working quietly in in the afternoon and evening. Love this place!!!If you get here before 10am you can save a few bucks on the classic breakfast! Food, service and ambiance is all great. Don't forget to check out the pastries as they all look freshly made, just add a coffee and it's the perfect match! I would definitely come back.The coffee was fine, the atmosphere pleasant and interesting, and the staff outstanding, but the restaurant allows customers to smoke at their outside tables, which are by the front doors, so cigarette smoke wafts throughout the entire restaurant. Even if cigarette smoke could be prevented from entering the restaurant, customers still must run a gauntlet through cigarette smoke when entering or leaving. Allowing customers to smoke at their tables, inside or outside, is unacceptable. Not recommended for non-smokers.Wonderful atmosphere and service here.  I walked in just before the kitchen closed at three pm so I grabbed some chicken salad out of the fridge which was very tasty.  
The staff was very friendly and made my short lunch trip in very memorable.  I had a big iced coffee for the road and it was a great coffee. 
Worth a visit for a nice relaxing coffee, snack or drink.This little hidden treasure is on a quiet residential street in the Marigny. I stopped in to pick up some iced coffees and baked goods-- all delicious! The ambiance and service were great too. Highly recommended if you're looking for a less touristy spot.The odd name suggests depths of funkiness that are left largely unexplored. Very few vegan options and even fewer gluten free. The colorful decor inside and plenteous outside seating are definitely the highlights. Haven't tasted anything bad yet, but haven't been wowed either.This place is wonderful. Talked to a nice lady named Sheila while I drank coffee. They do have a full menu. Just ask.  They don't bite ;)As a coffee shop I would rate it as a four, as the baristas are all super sweet, I love their coffee, and they probably get major bonus points for their adorableness during the holidays by covering their entire outside with little twinkle lights and seasonal boughs.  I've always gotten their iced coffee and it's the cold drip kind without the bitterness that doesn't burn a whole through your tummy.  I'm always suckered into getting the different baked goods that are displayed in little glass cake dishes at the front.  I got their red velvet cookie with my coffee because it looked too good to pass up and I snaked on it all afternoon as it was as big as my face!  It always smells like fresh ground coffee and baked goods.  I should have just left my Who Dat experience at this and never ventured into Cafe Nero.
Cafe Nero is nothing spectacular and I'll give it a low three.  I had been wanting to try their food for a while and was a little disappointed.  Nothing was bad, and the service was great.  I like the inside of the place, but I was not impressed.  I ordered the crepe special and it was just a boring crepe with blueberries and some brandy cream cheese sauce.  I also got the sausage and gravy biscuits since it's always a breakfast favorite of mine, and I was kind of glad, because I got one little crepe with some sad fruit on the side.  I cant find anything to really say about my sausage biscuit and gravy because it was so boring.  I also tried their grits and grillades that someone else at my table ordered, another special and it was a little on the salty side.  Other menu items looked okay, but were lackluster.  I couldn't stand the over-glorification of the menu either, they need to have someone re-write it and get rid of all the "special sauce" and "famous" headlines.  There are so many other great brunch and breakfast places in the Marigny/ Bywater.Came here during Essence Festival. Staff was soooo nice and the food was good and reasonably priced. Enjoyed sitting outside for breakfast. Breakfast here was one of the highlights of our trip.As much as this coffee shop brings back weird memories for me, they still offer a great menu and service. The outdoor seating is nice on those brutal days and the staff is friendly and great to talk to.  The only problem I ever had with Marigny Perks was the advertisements they had on the wall. "Come for the Java, leave with Joe" is a tiny bit lame. If statements like that weren't plastered all around there, I would probably raise the star count.Super cute cafe style ambience. Offering delicious southern interpretation of breakfast in high quality. Lovely place and the service was above and beyond! Go and check it out!Head's up: I review the coffee and experience, not meals here.
I like to refer to this cafe at Who-ville. Because that's fun. And sometimes the way these guys gush at the little old ladies who frequent the place makes me feel like I've stepped into another dimension--a dimension of cheery, cartoonish Nola-themed decor before the Grinch arrives with his paraphernalia wagon. 
So the atmosphere is cheery.
As noted by other reviewers, Who Dat Cafe is clean (including the restrooms), pleasant, and serves quality pumpkin muffins (well, that last was maybe not noted before. But they do.) 
You can easily work here (I encourage my fellow poor freelancers to buy something every 1-2 hours, of course) and the french press, though served in a lopsided, janky contraption the barista reported "broke in the mail" on the way to the cafe, was good and strong and an affordable way to spend a couple hours plugging away at the old MacBook.
Twice now a barista has miscalculated my charge (in the store's favor) so I'm growing weary of that. When I corrected him the first time, he added additional charge (awkward) before we sorted out the extra 2$ he applied to my tab. Hey-I'm a regular $1-2 tip jar dropper; I just don't like it added to my tab nonsensically. Sometimes the waiters get distracted discussing their plans for a birthday pub crawl or how they sprained their leg last weekend, and the barista asks a guy who looks like a regular (or an owner?) to deliver a menu or two, and everyone treats regulars and first-timers with warmth and friendliness. 
Also, the 10-15 times I've been there, everyone is male. Maybe that adds to the Who-ville feel. That made no sense. I dunno. One barista looks like a Jonas Brother and is often really tired. Other baristas are switched on and happy to provide plenty of tap water with your order. :)
It's a nice establishment in the neighborhood, which benefits from spaces where old timers and newbies can mingle, and though they run out of beer more often than I'd like (twice) their late closing time (10) is comforting and keeps them as a go-to place for this lady to chill out.what some patrons praise as a plus, turned out to be a negative for us.. obviously not locals and accompanied by two children, the wait staff ignored us for as long as they could.. the wait for drinks was excruciating.. the food took longer and certainly did not offer any consolation.. there are many many better options.. the attitude here was unbearable...They had us pay $15 (without tip) for 2 coffees and 1 piece of banana bread this morning. Seriously?There is always a warm and comfy atmosphere when I come here. The neighborhood is always quiet to sit outside. The staff is always friendly and quick.Good
Coffee
And the space
To chat, linger,
Or type furiously away on macbooks.This is my coffee joint for my New Orleans trip. I come here in the morning to get work done and their wifi is fast. I've had a couple different types of lattes and all of them have been delicious. The crab Benedict is on point. The staff is very friendly and attentive to customers. My only complaint is the price. I think the cheapest breakfast starts at $12. It's very good though and obviously I would keep coming if it wasn't worth it.My happy place!!!!! Employees are friendly and make you feel right at home, the coffee and teas are organic and fair trade . The food is mouth watering and the pastry and vienne selection is to die for. Not to mention you get to hear and read when you in, "wake up and smell da who dat"!!!!!!Delicious, freshly made coffee with expertise and southern hospitality. Joe made my coffee fast and efficient with the most contagiously happy and upbeat attitude- Great start to an early morning. 
The atmosphere is visually appealing and relaxing with choice of outside patio or inside seating. Great music playing in the background and worth the visit. You will not be disappointed.I recommend no yo momma"s cornbread, it has a nice balance of sweet and savory flavors...Also recommend the cajun scramble egss! I will definitely come back here again!Great food, cozy atmosphere. Really "sympa" feel at Café Nero/WhoDat. Like eating with friends. I like their catfish Po-boy on Fridays, and their Shrimp Remoulade.  Tasty, fresh and local specialties-- Cajun and Creole. They have a note-worthy Ruben too. Try red beans and rice on Mondays.  Chicken & Sausage Jambalaya every Thursday. It's all good!A hidden gem in the Marigny.  If I lived in New Orleans, this would be my spot.  Not too loud where you can't study or read, but enough distraction to keep you entertained.  Will definitely visit again on next trip.I love the burgers here! I come regularly and am always satisfied with the food. 
The service, not so much. When I do come, I have to allow plenty of time to wait to be waited on, and with the expectation of drinks going empty and the check taking forever to arrive (on the rare occasion I am given a check and don't just go back to the front to pay). All the people are nice, but maybe the business is understaffed.Wait, you can make my café au lait with almond milk and still make it taste amazing? Well, thank you, friendly barista, for making my work time that much more durable and feasible. 
Coming back soon soon soon.Turns out a high school classmate is one of the partners in this cafe.  She was out of town when my husband and I visited NOLA.  She emailed a recommendation to try the Not Ya Momma's Cornbread dish.  I ordered it and it was very tasty.  It is also rich and filling and I couldn't finish it.  It was an adventure getting to the cafe because of all the road construction going on in the city creating closed streets and detours.  Once we got there, we were glad we tried it.  Will definitely go back.Really good coffee. Great brunch, too. Waited a bit long for service, but they were very apologetic. I got the maw maw's quiche, which was the best quiche I've ever had. The steak and eggs were great too.Stopped for breakfast with group of friends and it was a wonderful experience. Everyone was very pleased and satisfied with their selections. Awesome biscuits and fantastic homemade jams. Hope to return for another meal!What an awesome place! Full Service Coffee House and so much more! The food is fantastic! 
Indoor and outdoor seating. The place is so clean you can eat off the floor. The staff is so attentive and efficient they seem to know what you want before they ask. 
I had the Not Yo Mama Cornbread, and it was off the chain. Generous portions that even allow a take home portion. Plenty of people were also ordering the most beautiful fresh fruit.
Well priced and fair and did I mention clean and friendly. 
Alcoholic beverages available along with  specialty teas. This place has it all, it takes a lot to impress me and this place totally does.Wow! Best little cafe in New Orleans! The brunch menu is Food Network worthy it was so good. W all tried something different and we spilt an order of French toast! The Bloody Mary with cucumbers and the coffee are even spot on! Oh and they make their own jams to die for!I had the not yo mamma's corn cakes and loved it. But the other 3 people I was with didn't like their food.This has always been one of my favorite places in New Orleans. Who Dat Coffee Cafe is set on a quaint street corner in the historic Marigny neighborhood of the city, nestled among 19th-century bungalows, towering trees, and friendly neighbors smiling as they go about their days.
The daily brews include my favorite chicory blend coffee (a must in NOLA), a savory medium brew, and a robust French noir. Espresso is offered too, each shot pulled and ground freshly from an impressive Italian espresso machine. Pastries, cupcakes and baked goods line the counter and generally include a red velvet cupcake that can easily right any bad day.
Cafe Nero is the in-house restaurant and the menu is inclusive of breakfast, brunch, and lunch. The French toast and Not Yo Mama's Cornbread are favorites for brunch, followed closely by The Marigny (shrimp and crab template heaped upon freshly grilled ciabatta) and Turkey Bacon Bleu sandwich for lunch. It's really difficult to go wrong with any selection -- trust me!
All in all, I can't think of a friendlier and more gratifying spot in New Orleans for a lazy Saturday, busy study day, or intense lunch break with coworkers. Give Who Dat a try and abandon everything you think you know of New Orleans coffee shops.Wow. Completely blown away by this Yelp find (thank goodness for Yelp!)...My family and I were heading out of NoLa after a few days celebrating my birthday and I wanted something away from the Bourbon St antics. This cafe popped up and we thought "why not", as the reviews were amazing.
I got the crabby bene, because anytime I see a seafood bene I have to get it. The eggs were poached well, sauce we divine, and a large amount of crab. So much food I couldn't finish it. My sister got the French toast which was spiced well; I didn't get to try it because she happily (and quickly) ate all of it. Her boyfriend got the corn cakes; they were just "ok" to me. I say that but know that the sauce on top is excellent, I just felt the corn bread was a tad bland. All personal preference, though! 
We had iced mochas to go and the coffee was great, not bitter at all. The wait staff here were all so happy and helpful. I will definitely return during my next visit.Me and my family of four had breakfast there 3days in a row and had different choices every day. The food was outstanding and service is great. Great value local restaurant.I didn't realized Who Dat is a term that is used to refer to New Orleans's football team Saints fans until I came to this restaurant.  They have both indoor and outdoor seating. The "dirty" items on the menu means that it has liquor in it, like the Dirty Chai Tea. The biscuit and gravy was pretty good. The gravy was savory and the biscuits were fluffy.  You can get a side of them for $4.  A small chai tea is $4.  The $12 Not Yo Mama's Cornbread lived up to its hype.  The corn bread was covered in gravy, cheese, corn, bacon and green onions.
Free street parking.
....| \      _  , , , - - , ,  _  ,      
.../  , ` . - ' ` '             . _   \ -  ;  ;  ;  , _    
..| ,  a  -   )   ) _         . ; .  (   ` - ` -  ' - '   
'  - - - ' ' ( _ / . _ ) - ' ( _ \ _ )Breakfast was great! The "da Cajun scramble" was definitely worthwhile. Coffee was excellent! Nice ambiance, local folks that knew the staff, etc.  The only thing I can ding them on was service took a little longer than what I expected, considering how busy they were. Just bringing out coffee took quite a while. They could've been making a fresh batch though. That is the only thing I can ding them on. I'd definitely go back.This place is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! I had the " Not yo momma corn cakes" and my fiancee ate the Turkey Ruben. The egg sauce from my meal we shared! Delish!!!!! I highly recommend this place! Coffee was impeccable.Had breakfast at this awesome place during the duration of my stay in Nola. Staff are great. Very polite and just amazing group of people. Definitely felt the souther charm and hospitality. 
The food was amazing! I had pancakes, french toast and a mandeville omelette. Absolutely delicious. For all you visiting Nola, check this place out.Great little hidden gem! My iced white mocha with soy milk was delicious and creamy. I sat outside and enjoyed the calm breeze as the sun was setting. Quiet street with decent parking. Worker was very friendly! Would love to come back to try one of the alcoholic coffee choices!This is great for coffee and brunch! Service is incredible, we're visiting from out of town and they recognized us on our second visit. Business is family run and it's very cool to be able to meet everyone. Corn cakes are a must have, and the French toast was delicious. Overall had a lovely experience and would 10/10 recommend!I've been there 3 times. I got the early bird bfast twice, 2 eggs, bacon, a biscuit and homemade pineapple mango jam. I've had the cafe au late and their bestseller, jalapeño cornbread with egg sauce topped with bacon and scallions. This was simply amazing. Everything else was excellent. And the staff are wonderful, very friendly and helpful.