Came into New Orleans for a convention with some peers and we asked our hotel doorman where we could get some good homemade fried chicken...and of course he says, "...Willie Mae's." We then remembered seeing the place on FoodNetwork's 'Diners Drive-In and Dives'.  My oh my, they weren't kidding when they named it "America's Best Fried Chicken"!
I had the Fried Chicken Salad and Homemade Lemonade.....BEST FC indeed! Of course it was boneless in the salad, it had a soft as butter feel when bitting into it and the spice had a small kick to it. The crust was so flaky yet not crumbly, and was not at all chewy like I find others to be. The greens were a nice complement to the chicken. All together it was a perfect meal for a considerably warm N.O. day. Oh and the Lemonade! A little sweet for my pallet, but nothing a little water couldn't fix. Once I poured a bit into it, it was God made goodness in liquid form! You could really taste the lemons in it which I really appreciated.
Two of my peers had the FC with Mac n' Cheese & Peas, and they could simply explain it as love on a plate. The third had the Catfish and she devoured it faster then we could get to half our plates. Now, I'm not a fish-eater so I didn't care for the texture though the meat was really good. It seemed to have the same spice as the FC and it didn't taste fishy at all. 
We also had a couple of Corn Bread muffins...(Which I'm normally not a fan of either)...They were so soft and fluffy and not at all mushy or dry which always seems to be a turnoff with other corn breads. And the very last thing we all shared (it was a pretty big plate) was Butter Beans. I've never before had them and can only describe them as beans in its own gravy. Though that might not seem very appetizing it really was amazing!
The service was very pleasant and the wait wasn't very long at all. It had a almost homey feel to it even though there isn't much of a theme to the place. And the workers were super kind and sweet. Once we all had something in our belies we started having friendly conversation with our waitress who turned out to be the owners sister.Make the trip, the food & experience are so worth it! Fried chicken as good as it gets, and the butter beans,and mac & cheese are wonderful... you can wait in line, so we went early (10:15) and walked right in and sat down...
As good as it gets!Well where to start. Firstly there are 2 locations. This one is located is a residential area. Me and my wife went on a Sunday, in hopes that is would be a little less crowded. Boy, was we wrong. Lol. Be prepared to line up for at least 45mins to an hour. Although the wait time seems excessive for this little historical gem it's oh so worth it. 
The chicken was better than anticipated. Well breaded, wasn't greasy, great flavour. Hands down the best fried chicken in N.O. Customer service was pleasant.Amazing!! I too saw the hype about this world famous fried chicken on a few TV best of shows so I figured I had to try it on my next visit to NOLA. So glad I did!! The staff is so super sweet and friendly. The food is spectacular and the restaurant itself is quaint and charming. The fried chicken was great but it was the butter beans that blew me away!! Haven't had anything that tasty since my sweet grandma passed 14 years ago. Southern comfort food the way grandma made it. No frills, just good food made from scratch with heart and soul. My husband and I walked there from the Crown Plaza on Canal Street and it took us about 40 minutes. Not all people would be comfortable making the walk and about half way there we questioned our decision but at that point it was like, oh well!! So needless to say next time (because once you go once there WILL be a next time) we will take a cab. It is worth the 45 minute wait outside in the sun!! Yummy!! Be sure to try the butter beans and the red beans!! Both were a real treat!BEST FRIED CHICKEN EVER! side of red beans and rice was good, but oh man, the fried chicken.
we were a party of 2 and arrived before mad lunch rush. i wouldn't recommend coming here with a big group, as the waiting around thing seems to be a little inefficient. being here made me glad I don't live in new orleans because I would have a food-related heart attack within the year. worth the trek out of touristy areasThis is my second review from our visit on October 2, 2012.  I had one posted, but it mysteriously disappeared.  Here it is again:
I had heard and read a lot about this place and I was SO disappointed.  The chicken is batter fried and I found it to be thickly coated, greasy, and salty.  Once you get to the chicken, it is moist and tasty.  The vegetables were canned.  We had green beans and the people at the next table also had canned peas.  The rice and gravy was cold and bland.  The cornbread was sent out early and came with no butter.  It was cold and dry.  We ordered a side salad to split.  It was described as crisp greens with grape/cherry tomatoes.  We asked for raspberry vinaigrette on the side.  Our salad greens were crisp and fresh, it had one cherry tomato sliced in half and the salad dressing was like syrup.  In general, the food was so-so.  My major concern was the cleanliness of the place.  On the surface it appeared to be clean, but it was not.  The menus had food on them, the walls were dirty, and the general appearance was not attractive.  I would not recommend Willie Mae's Scotch House, nor will I return.This is still my all time favorite Fried Chicken. I enjoyed the butter beans so much, that I ordered a second helping.Willie Mae's was awesome! Omg the best fried chicken ever! The chicken was moist and juicy and crunchy with a little spice to it. If you never had wet batter chicken then you are missing out hunty!!! The mashed potatoes were amazing and so was the Mac and cheese. I literally was having a foodgasm with every bite. I found this place on yelp and I was not disappointed! Best meal I had while visiting New Orleans! Make sure you get there when they first open to beat the line wrapped down the street! This is great soul food! It will be my first and last stop next time I come to New Orleans!Fried chicken is clearly the star here.  As for the sides, go with butter beans or the red beans and rice.  All other sides were extremely average which was a disappointment.  The cornbread was OK as well.  Would I go back? Definitely, but I would set my expectations of anything but the chicken accordingly.THIS IS THE FRIED CHICKEN THAT GOD WOULD EAT.
Seriously. So good. 
I was there on a Monday for a late breakfast/early lunch and there wasn't any wait. Since Willie Mae's won the James Beard "American Classic" award for their outstanding fried chicken and has been featured on numerous food/travel shows, this was definitely an anomaly as the place can get packed pretty darn quick on weekends or peak hours (at least according to other reviews). If you can come in at or before 11, you should be able to avoid the long lines. I was pretty happy with myself as a food tourist for choosing to come when I did.
The place is a somewhat unimpressive when you first get there and if you simply happened upon the storefront, you'd have no idea that the best fried chicken ever is waiting for you inside.
The food is fantastic and relatively inexpensive. The batter on the chicken is crispy and the chicken itself is moist and creamy. The flavor, the texture... so good. The sweet potato fries were a nice touch too. That would probably be the side I recommend. That or the butter beans.
Service is friendly and prompt. They don't waste any time in getting you served and fed, which is probably a good thing for when the restaurant gets super busy.
That being said, this is a must visit if you're an out of town visitor. It could make you consider moving to New Orleans just so you could eat here on the regular. You won't ever look at fried chicken the same!This is a warning. Once you have the fried chicken the euphoria that it brings fourth will cause wild hysteria once you realize you can only get this good here and not back home. 
If you live close to this place I envy you more than any I have envied. 
The waitress was also great. Very friendly and helpful. I absolutely love this place. I am pretty sure they use unicorn dust and never land chicken which is why the food is magical.This was my first time here. ESSENCE Weekend,  so the lines are everywhere. Fried chicken was good, but they ran out of yams.  My cousin enjoyed her fried chicken and red beans and rice.  I'll try again on my next trip to NOLA for sureWe arrived in the POURING rain, torrential downpour and flooding , water was up to our calves -- we were left waiting outside in the rain... the burning question of... was it worth it?
Can I get a YES? Hell yes! As my sister says " I'll never forget that first bite into the chicken.." 
It was so good. Flavorful, crunchy, crispy skin with such juicy succulent chicken .. I drool and cry as I type this since I already miss this so much
Worth squeezing in on your trip if you're into fried chicken, also getting gravy on the side is a game changer -- dip everything in there
Would definitely come back on my next visit !Chicken is so crispy, meat just falls off the bone. Very tasty. Went there around 5pm and got lucky that I didn't have to wait as long as last time.Wait in line for 1.5 hours would have been worth it if they had any food. No Mac and cheese, fried fish, or okra! Whuuut!?
Very poor service which they blamed on shift change but the waitress was horrible and didn't tend to us at all. Had to beg for hot sauce, refills, and finally I was done with it. The fish which they said they didn't have was fried too hard and tasted like nothing. The bread pudding wasn't even tasty. This place is highly overrated. I will not go back there ever again.The best fried chicken around. Funky place and filled with customers! Well worth the visit. Been around since 1957WHAT A LET DOWN!!!!!!  I am a HUGE fried chicken fiend.  It's my guilty pleasure.  I tried to not have high expectations, but wow.  I was very disheartened.
The chicken coating was over-cooked and tasted burned.  It's not a good crunch, but a powdery crisp like all of the burnt-ness was just like a powdery bad, bad.... something.  Can't even explain it.
Then.  Instead of being a nice homestyle chicken place, it was $10 for my two bad pieces and a lot more for the sides.
Don't ever want to go back.  It is overrated.  I would rather eat the gas station fried chicken!Heard about this famous chicken place, so we figured let's try it out. It is definitely a different taste. Not rating on the taste of the food but rather the overall experience. We had a party of seven and where at the back of fairly short line. The hostess came out and asked how many in our group. 7, she seated us immediately, we skipped the whole line. Thought it was bad for others that where in line before us. Took the waiter about 10 mins to ask what drinks, and another 15 mins to bring the drinks out. After ordering and getting our food, 2 people's orders were totally messed up and waiter never rectified the order. We felt as though we got what they had and that was it. No need to go back as I really didn't dig the food.YOU NEED TO HAVE THEIR CHICKEN AND MAC AND CHEESE! Literally heaven in my mouth! Loved everything about this place. It is packed almost all the time so I suggest u go early if not expect to wait but let me tell u its worth it. I would wait 6 hours in line for this chicken!I get it. Tourist don't know the difference. But those red beans and rice where blue runner...come on add sausage at least. Over hyped place but decent food. Be better if it was marketed differently.First let me say that we didn't have to wait in a line because we got there before 11. I was so happy. The service was wonderful, everyone was so friendly. I had a coffee and my friend had the lemonade as drinks. Coffee was so strong, so good. The lemonade was fresh and homemade. Oh my god, it was like drinking crack. I'm pretty sure there was crack in their gravy. We all ordered the fried chicken and me and my sister got the side of green beans and rice with gravy. Literally the best gravy I've ever had. With regular fried chicken, you could easily eat the skin separate from the chicken but at Melba's that's not acceptable. They intertwine so perfectly. You got to eat the chicken with the skin. I tried just nibbling on the skin, it didn't feel right. The fried okra I ordered was okay. I didn't give 5 stars because I'm not a huge fan of friend chicken in general and it didn't blow my mind entirely but it was delicious nonetheless. Especially that gravy.I used to take all my friends to Coop's when they visited me in New Orleans, but now I think it's gotta be Ms. Willie Mae's Scotch House.  Hands down the best fried chicken in the city.  Fantastic sides as well--but only open for lunch.
People will complain that it's in a bad neighborhood.  Well, I live on the opposite corner of the block, it can't be all bad.  When the chicken starts frying in the morning, my dog goes outside in the back yard and sticks her nose up in the air, pausing to catch every whiff that comes by.  She's never been inside, but if she did go she would see what I think is the thickest fry-breading on a chicken I've ever seen, cooked to perfection.  I would recommend sharing an order of chicken and getting sides to split. You will leave a hot fat happy mess no matter what you do, so do whatcha wanna!
Eat! Stuff yourself! TIP WELL!Food is great, quick and atmosphere. I would recommend this eatery for anyone visiting or locals to the city.ok it looks like im in the minority here when it comes to willie maes.im not going to write a bad review but i do think this place is a bit overated. chicken was good. really juicy and a nice crispy crust. it was a bit salty for me. i love spicey and it did have a nice kick but a lil salty. it also was a bit greasier than i like. again good but not the best ive ever had.  the red beans were excellent. nice flavor and god portion considering it was a side.
corn bread was hot and ok. i came in around 3 and had no wait at all. all of the staff that i spoke to were friendly. i sat at the bar and the guy who served me was quick and personable. service was good enough for me to tell him to keep the change of a 20 on a 12 dollar tab. so t sum it up, "good eats, not great. not worth the hype or a long wait, but worth a try if you are in the neighorhood"Best red beans and rice was the best I ever had ***** 5 stars. Chicken crust was crispy as apple pie crust best chicken I ever had and I'm from the south!!!!!!!We want to Willie Mae's as the Uber driver suggested it was the best fried chicken in whole of America! Being chicken lovers, we decided to check out the place at once and were excited to see what it was all about. 
After waiting in line for 1:15 hours, we were finally seated. The fried chicken and tenders was good but I wouldn't say we were mind blown! I don't think it was worth all the wait and hype. The chicken was quite oily and was like any other fried chicken I've had before. We got 3 pieces of chicken for 15 dollars with a side. 
I would recommend this place as there is such a long wait line and the place wasn't worth it in the end.I'm giving 1 star for the Diet Coke. Maybe my expectations were to high, but this is by far the worst food I've ever eaten.I can't believe I am giving a New Orleans restaurant such a bad rating but here I go.  I have lived in this wonderful city with all of its wonderful cusine my entire life and I have wondered why this restaurant has escaped me, after reading the reviews and seeing the good pictures of the food on the Spike Lee Documentary I made a special trip AGAIN to this location and waiting again for what so many call Americas best fried chicken.  America and Yelp your wrong, Dooky Chase, Manchus, Mchardy's, Mckenzies on gentilly road, popeyes and My mothers cooks better chicken then this place.  I was very disappointed at the crust of the chicken and the pork chop and the taste of old grease made me sick.  Im not sure if this was a bad batch of food but I was very disappointed and took my friends to dooky chase which is right around the corner for some better food.  I now understand why I lived here my entire life and have not known about this place, the answer is simple, LOCALS probably don't eat here and most of these reviews came from the food network and tourists.  Maybe if I try this place again it will be better but  I doubt it.  I will update this review in July and see if this was just a bad experience or they were just slipping.The fried chicken was good but I still like some of the places in Houston better. Overall, the portions were enormous, service was good and the food was better than average but not worth the hike to eat it. :X Their cornbread was pretty awesome though if you like that kind of thing. Also, this place is the epitome of the saying "Hole in the wall in a crack-house neighborhood."The server was ok, tacking in account that you are in New Orleans and most of the waitress are ride. The chicken is highly overrated, served in a pool of burned frying oil. The corn muffins had nothing special. Really this is a place to avoid if you don't want to have heartburn for the rest of your trip.Definitely worth the wait! So we got lucky. We arrived around 1:30 on a Thursday afternoon and only waited in line for 15 minutes. 
The inside was quaint and the wait staff was very efficient. I recommend ordering the fresh squeezed lemonade. Although there's no free refills on the lemonade, it comes in a very large glass and had just the right level of sweetness.
My husband and I both ordered the three piece mixed fried chicken. It was amazing. Perfectly crispy on the outside and juicy in the center. Excellent breading to chicken ratio. I also highly recommend the mac and cheese. I don't like very creamy and running mac and cheese so this was perfect. We also split an order of fried okra and that was what we expected it to be. 
Take the trip over to Willie Mae's if you want an authentic, local New Orleans meal.This food is life changing. After reading the reviews about the line we decided to come early, we got here at 10:30 and there was already a line but not long at all. We waited about 30 min to get seated, the service was very good and we didn't feel rushed at all even with a line of people out the door. The fried chicken is amazing and the red beans and rice was beyond delicious. This was seriously some of the best food I've had. This place is definitely worth the wait!This place lives up to its name of best fried chicken! The establishment is nothing fancy but creates a homey vibe with very nice staff. The sides that come with the chicken (tried mac and cheese, mashed potatoes, rolls and the garden salad) do a great job of supporting the chicken itself. White meat comes with corn and dark meat comes with peas. 
I would not recommend walking here at night, definitely catch an uber or lyft. The walk during the day is not scenic and for awhile we thought we were going the wrong way. But once found, the experience was totally worth it!!Before anyone rushes to conclusion on why I gave this place 4 stars let me say that it wasn't because of the chicken.
What I liked about coming here was that it had really great service. It had a great environment...it was authentic and I appreciated the open kitchen. 
In addition, unlike many restaurants that have been featured on Travel Channel; the prices remained fair and just. 
Now for the claim to fame of having "the best fried chicken", well I would disagree slightly. It has a distinct,thick, airy batter. Unfortunately, it was salty..too salty at times. Probably a kitchen mistake and am aware that this happens. I ordered as side the butter beans which were really good but they had ranout of corn bread. :(   The waiter politely offered bread buns but I declined after I enquired if iy was store bought or baked on the premises. (Even Popeyes make their own biscuits)
Overall, it was good but not "the best".
I will comeback and bring more people to try it.
As a foot note, I visited once "Silvia's Restaurant" in Harlem; where they also claim to have the best chicken ever. Sallie Mae's is better. Pricing has a lot to do with it; I remember leaving Silvia's ripped off because I paid $17 about 5 years ago. Sallie Mae's was salty.
In the name of fairness, there is no such thing as "the best fried chicken".I have to start by saying this is the best fried chicken I have ever had. Being a chef and a foodie I do not say that about many places. This place is a must try. The sides did leave something to be desired. It did not match up with the chicken. The okra was ok. Mac and cheese ok... the corn muffins where cold and not good. Next time I will just stick with the chicken alone and be happy. This will be a must try when in NOLA. In the meantime I will be trying to duplicate that chicken ... the crispy and fluffy outside with the juicy and flavorful inside.... the breast was the best.THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN EVER!!!!  Yes, I ordered the friend chicken, its what this place is about.  It really has the best fried chicken I've ever had in my life.  Tender, perfect seasoning, and just piping hot.  The red beans and rice, were just flat out amazing.  The mac and cheese, will make you want to smack ya motha, OR the person eating to your left.  
This place is just awesome, the people that work there are willing to answer all your questions about the city.  
As far as the location, catch a cab, get out and walk into the restaurant if you plan on going in the evening.  Not in the best of neighborhoods for everyone, but well worth the travel.  
If you think these food chains are delicious, Popeyes, etc.  Here's the real thing, no doubt in my mind, you'll think those places are just a plain joke.  I've almost refused to eat fried chicken for the last month and a half...yea, its that good!!!Great food, the chicken it's cunchy and juicy!!!!! The cornbread, red beans and butter beans are delicious.Visited Dec 14. Pretty good fried chicken (and yes, you can go very wrong with fried chicken). There was a line but moved fairly quickly. Everything was good, but very.. standard? Like expected, nothing more, nothing less. There wasn't much of a personal touch, from entering the restaurant to ordering food to eating to paying the bill, but then again, it's a fried chicken restaurant. Nothing to complain though, so 4 stars.I am so glad that we were able to stop by Willie Mae's for their famous fried chicken.  We went on a Thursday shortly after they opened at 10:00 a.m.  We were able to walk right in and be seated.  The service was great and the chicken was EVEN BETTER.  
If you get a chance, while in NOLA, make sure you stop by to have their chicken, it was amazing.  BUT my advise is to go early, preferably when they are opening if you don't want to battle the long lines.best fried chicken you'll eat. a little spicy. great flavor. very good red beans and rice. 
the area is a lot worse than i thought it would be. think bludsos x 10. take a cab both ways. wait inside for your cab. we walked to the corner to try and wait for our cab. mistake. 
"drug free" zone signs everywhere. while walking to the corner, we were notified by a very interesting resident of the area that it in fact was not a drug free zone. we returned to the restaurant to wait for the cab.You may think you've had southern-style fried chicken before, but, unless you've been to Willie Mae's, you are sadly, sadly mistaken. The only advice I can give you is to not be intimidated by the less than picturesque restaurant and location; don't be deterred by the difficulty in finding a place to park; go inside, ignore everything else on the menu, and have yourself some fried chicken (preferably with mac and cheese on the side). You won't regret it AND you will definitely go back again (once you recovered from food coma).
Pro tip: If you are going to want to split the check with a few people,  you should probably bring cash or it turns into a hassle.  (This would be my only criticism.)Best chicken in the world..nuff said..my boys should have came out as chicken breast it's one of the only thing I ate when I was pregnant..just get hungry thinking about it..love love love this placeReally really good chicken. Was disapointed with the sides though! Canned green beans??? Come on really? Red beans and rice were pretty good, not the best but it was good! I didn't think a place like this would be serving canned anything! The cornbread was AWESOME! Service was kind of slow and I knocked off a star for that. Other than that, I think next time If I go back I'd only get chicken and cornbread and leave off the sides. Also knocked off another star because online it says they take credit but the day we went they had a sign on the door that said no credit today! I saw other reviews online that mentioned this too! This easily could of been a 4 star review if it wasn't for those few things.The best fried chicken I ever had, no doubt about that. The chicken was crispy, but not oily, outside and moist inside. It was well marinated and had the right amount of spices. Their red bean side was delicious and so was the potato salad side. The service was excellent.
We got lucky because we had a party of two. Due to limited seating, it takes longer for larger groups. I will go there again when I am in NOLA.I have never given a five star review before, but this one is well deserved. To put it simply, the best fried chicken I have EVER eaten in my life. Believe me, I have had my share of fried chicken and then some. The crispy crust, the seasonings, the juiciness of the chicken, it's perfect. I got there about ten minutes after they opened and there was already about eight tables full. I was by myself and sat at the bar. This restaurant is an old building, may have been a house at one time. It's very basic no bells and whistles, no frills. I parked on the street across from the restaurant. I didn't see a parking lot. It's all about the food here. Three pieces of chicken and a side for $11. I had butter beans and rice. Butter beans is something I had a lot growing up. My mom cooked them, and man, she could cook! These butter beans were the best I've ever eaten. They were perfectly cooked and seasoned. The corn bread that came with the meal was also a home run. It was light and fluffy and sweet, just right. I almost came back here for supper. I now wish I had come back. They're food was much better than what I ate down at the French Quarter! I think this simple meal of fried chicken, butter beans, and cornbread, was one of the best meals I've ever had in my life. If you are ever in New Orleans and if you like fried chicken, you will love this place.Super delicious fried chicken! We also had the bread pudding which was bomb. The Lima beans were surprisingly flavorful and delicious. Looks like a hole in the wall easy to miss; you have to know where you are going. Be ready to loaf around in bed all day after eating here it's a doozyThe service was good.
The chicken was really greasy and slimy. I didn't eat it at all.. I was a little disappointed. The food network really hyped this place up. However my red beans and rice was excellent. (The best part of the meal)My gram was a sweet southern lady that could cook like a beast. one of my favorite meals was fried chicken.  Crispy moist cooked all the way through (it happens)  Willie Mays Scotch house is cooking that chicken. I don't eat fried chicken often but when I do Willie Mays will be making itBy far the best fried chicken I've ever had.  Ever.  I was lucky to arrive there with some colleagues well after normal lunch time so we got seated and served pretty quickly.  The crust has this wavy aspect to it like a lava flow and is very light and crispy.  The chicken meat itself is perfectly cooked and very moist.  The fried okra is not whole pieces but sliced in a rather heavy corn meal based batter.  The red beans and rice are really good but not spicy.  I had a bite of the fried shrimp that went with the catfish and it had a totally different corn meal batter and was slightly spiced.
I'll have to go again.  Can't believe I've waited this long to go there.Known for their fried chicken they did not disappoint.  It's fresh, crispy and oh so tasty!  A New Orleans institute and a Must Do for travelers and locals.  I recommend going on a weekday because the line on Saturday is long.Reviewed in magazines as the best fried chicken in the country. I can't argue that claim since it was absolutely fantastic. I'd go back on every trip to NO I'm the future. 
My only gripe would be that the place is filthy. I'm fine with hole in the wall places, but you can still keep it decent and wipe the place down. But not worth avoiding it on your next trip.Excellent and worth the wait.  The best fried chicken I've ever had. A must if you're visiting New Orleans.I can't get enough of this place. I crave Willie Mae's fried chicken every minute of every day, and I always make sure to stop by when I'm traveling through New Orleans.Our lives were incomplete, we were destitute and our unquenched desires were filled with an absolute void. Who knew the only thing that was missing was Willie Mae's fried chicken and red beans and rice.The fried chicken is excellent - worth the hype.  The chicken had a very crispy skin and was hot out of the fryer.  The inside was moist with a subtle reddish tint from the spices and buttermilk in the marinade (my guess).  The chicken wasn't overly spicy - just had a nice kick.  I had a side order of red beans and rice, which were quite satisfactory.  The meal was rounded up by some hot off the oven cornbread and lemonade.  I was very full after this lunch.
I decided to walk over from the French Qtr on a Tuesday morning, on Esplanade, to get a feel for the city. Nice walk through neighborhoods with beautiful houses - restored and otherwise.  Please be careful of aggressive panhandlers though, if walking.  I am glad I did walked back - needed to burn those calories.  A single seat at the bar was available, and since I was alone, it worked fine for me.  Service was ok, and since I did not have any special requests (and no lemonade refills), didn't see much of the server till the bill came.  Not sure of tip expectations the servers have, but I got  a glum face after a 20% tip on OK bar service!  Maybe the out-of-towners have raised expectations to sky high levels.My family just HAD to try this place because we had heard and seen so much about it on TV and from others.  Unfortunately I don't think I can rave about this place like so many other people have.  :( 
The first thing you should know is that this restaurant is located in a pretty rough neighborhood.  And this is coming from someone who lives in Berkeley.  I was actually pretty scared walking around the area in the daytime, even with a group of six people.  Once you get there though, the inside is really cozy and nice.  
Our server was really friendly, but they ran out of the green beans when choosing sides.  Also, I was looking forward to eating some fresh vegetables as the sides, but they're all fried, creamed, or canned.   :( My sister got fried okra and ended up having to pick off the fried batter because it was just too much.  
My dad and I got the baked chicken to try to be healthier (Southern food... X__X) but it was extremely salty.  So salty to the point that it was barely enjoyable/edible without drinking insane amounts of water.  I feel like I had a puffy face for the rest of the day from all of the salt, haha.  I tried parts of the fried chicken, and while better, was still pretty salty and greasy.  
Maybe I'm just not used to fried, greasy, salty, and rich Southern food, but we all didn't think that this place was super good or anything!We had a WIDE variety of food on our NOLA trip, but this topped the list.  I don't know what they do to that fried chicken, but WOW!  I've never had chicken that moist and flavorful.  This place definitely lives up to the hype... and then some!  Our butter beans and rice and cornbread were just as good as the chicken.  I'm sure this will be out #1 stop when we come back to the city.Staff was super nice and the restaurant was quaint and had that old New Orleans feel. It's southern comfort food that doesn't disappoint. To be honest I wasn't blown away but then again I find comfort food to be relaxing and give you that home feel which this place delivers on. Nothing fancy but it was fun and yummy.Omg this fried chicken makes all other fried chicken in the world feel sad and pitiful by comparison. The Mac and cheese is not to be missed, and my friend swears that the butter beans are divine. Add this to your must try list!!Their claim to fame is "America's Best Fried Chicken". I haven't had all of America's fried chicken but if any of them taste close to this, then they can call themselves that as well. It was pretty amazing. We came for lunch on a regular ol' Thursday and there was no line, no wait for a table. Our fried chicken came out within 7-10 minutes of us sitting down. I think it took us longer to get there and back from our hotel than to eat there. 
Naturally, the fried chicken was awesome. I can't think of another place better.
Their red beans and rice and mac n cheese were just okay though. I didn't enjoy those much.Amazingly delicious and memorable fried chicken!! As a southerner I've had some great fried chicken but this rivals my all-time favorite, Gus's in Memphis.Fried chicken and white beans! Can't go wrong!! Would have given 5 stars but after that just went up on their prices, you are paying too much for what you get.The best fried chicken I've ever had. The mac and cheese was also great. Even the peas were good! Worth the wait.The best chicken I've ever had!  Also the green beans were surprising good too. Despite the fact that our party of four had to wait 3 hours for a table (we went during the Essence festival), we all walked out saying the food was worth the wait!  Believe me, this would be a VERY different review had it not. LolThe fried chicken was excellent!  All the reviews were well deserved.  The chicken was moist while the skin was nice and crispy.  Some items are not on the menu (eg sweet potato fries) so be sure to ask.  The service is friendly and the servings are large.  The only downside is the neighborhood is a little scary and thre are too many taxis around for people without cars.Every time I come to NOLA we stop by here for the chicken, but a few days ago it was good just not as good as it normally is.  The Mac and cheese was cold, but I didn't send it back. The sweet tea was watered down. Overall I usually give them 5 stars, but they were definitely not on their game that day. I'm still a fan of the fried chicken, best fried chicken period.Worth every bit of hype. A true american marvel. Best fried chicken ever.Willie Mae's is some damn good fried chicken. Everyone else says it's the best ever... and, I did love it, but I'm not sold on the best ever just yet. I will say that the fried chicken skin was the best ever, and the meat was extremely juicy. It does come with a nice cajun kick, so if you're sensitive to the spice, beware. 
Here are some tips (since this food is tried and true): 
Prepare to wait, but I did find that being a party of two gets you seated a bit faster. Also, choose your dining partner carefully because you can't really choose your meat (I am exclusively a dark-meat person). So, you're best choosing someone who likes the opposite of what you like. Or, at least loves you enough to let you get the first picks. I chose someone who fit in the former category, but I'm pretty sure would do the latter if the former wasn't true. ;) 
Lastly, I would definitely suggest chatting it up with your server - he's probably the great-grandson, or some other relative of the famous Willie Mae's. They've truly kept to the family-run business tradition and model. The day I went the great-granddaughter was working the fryer, her fiance was working the rest of the kitchen, the son was doing dishes, and both my servers were great-grandsons. They are all very proud of the establishment.I'm a fried chicken expert I'd like to say and since I'm searching the world for the best fried chicken... my opinion is that this is best bone in fried chicken I've had this far. Though I'm not including Nashville hot chicken in my conclusion. We did have to wait quite a while and there not anyway to really hang in this neighborhood except for the line itself but it was amazing! Also all the sides were great though I would recommend getting there morning so they don't run out of stuff by the time you're there!This is the best place for fried chicken. The only problem was the way customers weren't seated as first come first served. The food was delicious and the service was GreatTouching backstory on Willie Mae's at NPR -
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=93025471
BEST FRIED CHICKEN ANYWHERE.Meh. The chicken was good once I got past the SUPER greasy batter. It took forever and the sides were cold. Mom said it best: "well we did it". That might be the only reason to come here for chicken, to say you've done it. Go to Crabby Jack's ot Jaques I Mos. Their chicken is better and the sides are too.The peas and macaroni were good,but I was disappointed in the chicken. The crumbling of the skin/breading of the chicken was a mess. Over hyped in my opinion.I waited to come here for years.  Every time we came to town we never seemed to fit it in.  This year we finally made it and it was amazing!  I had the white meat 3 piece and brussel sprouts.  Can't wait to come back and try the dark meat.  Food was hot, flavorful, and the chicken was the best I've ever eaten.This has the best fried chicken and food ever.   The pictures make it look like a bad place but we felt completely safe.  The staff was great.   We had fried chicken, Mac and cheese, fried okra and the white beans.   All the food was delicious.     We will definitely be back.   The kids are chicken nuggets that were great.  No processed foods here.Legit hole in the wall restaurant located in a slightly shady/questionable part of town. Shown on Food Network/Travel Channel (can't remember which maybe even both as I watch both for food recommendations), this place is known to have some darn good fried chicken. Damn, did it not disappoint! 
I ordered a plate of the fried chicken with a side of mac and cheese (which also came with peas), while my boyfriend ordered his with a side of the seasoned green beans. You can even ask for all white meat for an additional $3 charge. I love dark meat more so I was glad my plate came with a drumstick, thigh, and wing. The chicken was absolutely delicious. Moist, crispy, and all the things you look for in a good fried chicken. You could definitely taste the spices in the batter. I was in heaven and definitely didn't stop eating my plate until it was clean. 
As for the sides, I didn't think there was anything special about either of them as they were good, but nothing spectacular. However the seasoned green beans came on a plate of it's own, and definitely could have been it's own meal for me. Also, I've never liked peas (usually tend to stay away), but Willie Mae's had me eating all the ones off my plate. Parents might be able to convince their kids to clear their plate if they could cook their peas like Willie Mae's. Just saying! We also ordered some of the cornbread muffin, which was good as well. 
I would definitely suggest coming here if you're in town for some fried chicken. So worth the trip especially since it gets you away from the crowd on Bourbon.This is good fried chicken, not OMG great fried chicken.  Think to yourself, "assuming I already had fried chicken, as crispy as can be, what makes it better?"  Not much, except maybe more crispiness, and some subtle flavor differences.  Regardless, Willie Mae's stands as a strong landmark for good fried chicken, but don't expect any teardrops or fond fond fond fond fond memories.
The trick to experiencing great food is to set aside the hype.  How do YOU honestly feel about great food?  For me, at Willie Mae's, the lemonade.  I was thirsty, and normally water is my thirst quencher, but oh my goodness, the lemonade hits the spot without tasting like a sparkling lemon rip off.  The macaroni, according to my friend, is some of the best macaroni and cheese he has EVER had.  I thought it was really good but not holy cow amazing.  I ordered the green beans as well but do yourself a favor, if you are looking to not eat anything fried, go for beans instead of the green beans.
In essence, be prepared before your arrival.  The wait outside is in the sun so DO have sunscreen or an umbrella.  Is what you expect inside worth the wait?  I say for the price and the fun service, yes.  Again, it's good fried chicken.The most amazing comfort food, I've ever had! 
You can call me a connoisseur of rice, I am a true rice enthusiast and believe when I tell that the Rice and Butter Beans here are pure heaven. I also had the fried shrimps that were seasoned and cooked to perfection. There is something in that seasoning that I just can't pin point but man it's umm, umm, good! 
Oh, and don't forget the cornbread, you cannot leave without trying the cornbread, it would make you want to slap your mama and grandmamma. This place is a must try! you cannot leave New Orleans without eating here!Everything was to die for. Chicken came out piping hot and crispy. Mac n cheese was delicious and the mashed sweet potatoes were amazing!!Awesome ....just plain awesome, the food is fantastic but be prepared for a line...its just that good!OMG SO Good. 
We came here on the last day of our visit and was it a great last meal. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and crisp but still juicy! All the sides were amazing. A order of chicken was more than plentiful for one but great for the wait at the airport.
I never had buttered beans before but it a must get! I still don't care for fried okra though.Well-seasoned chicken awaits you...if you don't mind the wait. I couldn't even finished the delicious bird I was served. By the time we finished, there was a line wrapped around the corner. There isn't a large dining area, so we were politely asked to abandon our table so that more guests could come in.Best best best fried chicken of my life 
Worth the 1.5 hour wait 
Worth driving to this place 
Worth going if you're in New Orleans 
Worth it 
Worth it 
Worth it
Their chicken is tender and flavorful 
Their mashed potatoes are amazing
They won't let you take pictures of the kitchen but I get it that's where the magic happens 
Can't wait to go backThe wait is loooong, but once you're inside, no one rushes you, and the dining room, while full on the day we went for lunch, nevertheless didn't feel overly crowded. Service was personable and acceptable-to-good. The chicken was pretty great, as were the beans and other accompaniments. Down sides: 11 bucks for three pieces of chicken is more than a little bit ridiculous and, if you pay three dollars more for "white meat only," they give you one breast and two wings. Those are some expensive wings, y'all. Overall, I wouldn't say this the best fried chicken in the world (or the U.S.) - it's a little greasy, to tell the truth  - but it does taste like home cooking. And it's an experience to be here and to see the people arriving in the cabs and their Ubers (because a lot of white folks still seem to be convinced this is a scary neighborhood - it isn't) and just people-watch while you wait and while you eat. A good NOLA experience for the visitor, all in all. I don't think I'd come here often if I lived in the city, but there did seem to be a lot of regulars.It's as good as people say. They're open only Monday to Friday. It will cost you ~$20 for the taxi round-trip from and back to the French Quarter. 
Food:
3 pieces of fried chicken with a side (we got butter beans): $10
Cornbread: $1.50 each
They accept credit cards, but ask you to tip in cash.I paid the extra $3.00 over the $11.00 for a 3pc white meat only chicken dinner with red beans. They served me 2 TINY wings plus a chicken breast. Complete ripoff! 
After talking with the manager I returned the chicken and paid the $7.00 for the 3/4 cup of mediocre red beans that I ate.One of the most amazing fried chicken I ever tried in my life, if it's not even the best to me. Friendly staff, amazing food, great environment. U can't ask for better basically. I was in town for 3 days, and probably the sad part about it is that probably I won't be back to this town to try this great food. Thumbs up to this place :)Yes, it is the best fried chicken I've ever tasted. No words. Tip: head to busy bee's down the road and grab a drink for the wait.Bless your soul, oh great Yelp. For if it wasn't for you, I would have left New Orleans without experiencing THE best fried chicken of New Orleans, of Lousiana, of the U.S., of MY LIFE, I say with full confidence.
Any first timer-- no need to venture away from the fried chicken. I'd recommend ordering a 3 piece (HUGE pieces) and any side-- although less generous-- mac n cheese is a must!Heard about it , went there, and will never forget it. The best  fried chicken I've ever had. Go early to grab parking and a table. Butter, Lima beans were fantastic. Mashed potatoes and peas were good but I came for the CHICKEN!  Amen.The Uber driver was right. This fried chicken really is "so good it makes your shoulders dance without music."This was the meal I was waiting for in New Orleans and it did not disappoint .food ga at its finest .best fried chicken ever,good cornbread , good okra great time , very long wait thoughBE PREPARED TO WAIT! That line is no joke.
The food is decent not worth waiting honestly but the fried chicken was good. I'm not a fried chicken person really so if you love you some fried chicken you'd be satisfied! I've hand better Mac n cheese it's more saucy then baked but again if that's your jam you'll enjoy it. All in all I had a good experience and I left full and with leftovers which is always a beautiful thing.Good lord, this place has RUINED ME for any other fried chicken. We waited for 30 minutes in the rain without umbrellas and it was absolutely worth it. Our party all agreed this was the best fried chicken any of us had ever had. The mac & cheese and peas were yummy too. The service wasn't the quickest but the food makes up for it. Bring beers for the wait. If you're in New Orleans, put this on your "must eat" list.This is a place has to be at the top of your list of "go to" spots if you want a good southern meal. The fried chicken is definitely on point! Each and every side is perfect. Yes it's a small restaurant. Yes you must get there early to beat the rush. HOWEVER the food is worth the wait. Ya heard me!Hands down the best fried chicken I have ever had. The skin wasn't too thick and was on the lighter side but still had enough crunch to it. The meat was incredibly tender and juicy and flavored perfectly. Also, the macncheese / peas are unreal. Def try this place if you can!This place quite possibly does the best fried chicken IN THE WORLD!  I can't really speak about the sides because once I started munching on the chicken I didn't stop until I was too uncomfortable to appreciate anything else.  I went with eleven co-workers when we were in New Orleans for a conference and one savvy foodie scoped out Willie Mae's.  We had to wait in line for quite a while and they simply did not have the space to accommodate all 12 of us at one table (which, really is fine, because when you're in a group that large you only talk to those immediately surrounding your seat).  Nobody ordered anything but the fried chicken.  We pretty much covered all of the sides though and I had a taste of many.  They were good, but the chicken was the real star of the show.  I can't wait to bring my family back here!It really is the best fried chicken in the world --or at least the best I have eaten. Pan-fried in a skillet, not deep fried. The batter is perfectly spiced and cooked to crispy perfection. The flesh is fully cooked but still juicy --not at all dried out like most fried chicken. The real surprise to me was the fried catfish --also the best I have ever had and I have eaten a lot of catfish. I usually prefer whole fish, because all the fillets I have seen have been near razor thin and always get overcooked in a deep fryer.  Not the catfish fillets at Willie Mae's. Thick, meaty, moist, fried perfectly with a fabulous thin batter. Not the thick, hard batter that makes most southern fried food indistinguishable in flavor. If you love fried chicken or fried catfish do not miss Willie Mae's.All of the food I tried there was delicious. Service was a bit slow at 430pm but then again I showed up 30 min before closing. Staff was amazingly friendly and outgoing. I'm not particularly fond of wet battered fried foods since this batter typically feels more oily then your typically dry flower fried chickens unless they re-fried my chicken than that explains it. But none the less the food still tasted amazing. I absolutely loved their fried catfish. The batter was great and nicely seasoned. Green beans were yummy, cornbread was yummy. Wish they were in Chicago, loved the experience overall.A colleague  recommended  Willie Mae and  so glad  we did. Great  place!  Short  trip from  hotel (french quarter ) to destination. No line, we were ushered  in right away. Great seating, server polite  friendly  efficient taking our order.  All had  fried  chicken: piping hot,  juicy  inside,  huge  pieces, overall  seasoning was spot  on. The kidney beans and butter beans  creamy  tasteful . Corn  bread  muffin was hearty,  full  corn  flavor.  Our  server  checked on us at appropriate  intervals.  All the diners were happy  and really enjoyed their  food.  Get here, you won't  regret it.This place is highly rated however the service is poor... waited an hour outside to be seated and then another 15 minutes before we had to signal to one of the many staff who where quietly folding napkins before taking customers orders. The menu isn't very long you get essentially  two options fried chicken or baked... the chicken isn't bad but make sure you get there early because they run out of sides. Bottom line: you wait long for poor service and not so world renowned chicken....Lives up to the hype, period. Worth the wait (luckily ours was only an hour), and Chris Rock was in the building when we were! Pretty cool to see him there enjoying the same meal as everyone else. Staff is super friendly (our hostess Latasha was awesome) and low-key. Love love love the food at Willie Mae's - 5/5 on the chicken, cornbread, fried okra, and butter beans and rice. Huge portions and great price... doesn't get better than this in NOLA! We will be back ;)Visiting from California with the fam, boy oh boy. This place will forever have our hearts with the BEST fried chicken ever! Their fried catfish is also delicious! I have to admit, when we first pulled up, we were a little thrown off because it's location is a little weird coming from California. Then I saw the line out the door and ...it all made sense. I'm a huge foodie, so seeing a line made me feel at ease. We in the right spot! - I said. Parking was hard and tbh, I didn't know if we parked legally but totally worth it.
I can't even explain how good their food is. You just have to try it. My brother that lives in Houston drove 6 hours to eat here again. TRUST!!!Now, this is the only fried chicken I had in the South, but that does not mean it was not the best fried chicken I've ever had of ever. I was not even hungry when I ordered their famous large portion of fried chicken, and it was still ridiculous. I dream of this dish still, and will come back to New Orleans, and this must be the first meal I eat. 
If you want the perfect dish, thats their fried chicken, peas and BUTTER BEANS as the sides. What are butter beans? Well you can find out, but they are out of this world beans. I'm obsessed with it. Not to mention the customer service here is superb. Everyone there was oh so sweet, talk about southern hospitality, this place is on point.What a GEM of a find in New Orleans.
If you like local fried chicken, and who doesn't and you want to be a little adventurous, then give this place a try, but be prepared to wait in line.
We took an Uber ride there and stood in line for 30-45 mins (seemed crazy at the time) and finally got inside.
Ordered the fried chicken of course and it was as good as expected. Probably one of the best fried chickens I have had. The dessert was even spectacular as it was a bread pudding and was awesome.
I really love these local finds and bravo to Willie Mae for her dedication to the craft of fine southern cooking.Like everyone says, great fried chicken! Fried chicken isn't necessarily my thing so I had the tenders they were great, my husband loved the fried chicken and the mac and cheese was great! Biscuits and butter beans weren't our favorite, but that could definitely just be our personal taste not anything wrong with the food itself. Overall I consider this a must try!Willie Mae's was featured on Anthony Bourdain's TV show several years ago.  Fried chicken was their specialty.  Finally the day has come I went with some friends from UNO.  They've been here before many times.  I ordered 'America's Best Fried Chicken' with a side of red beans & rice.  I'm going to cut to the chase and say it was an experience I'll never forget.  I normally don't eat the skin but I savored everything on the bone.  Now I can't eat at KFC forever.I visited this place during my trip to Mardi Gras. It was everything I could have hoped for. I like the atmosphere, the waiters, and the food. Naturally I had the fried chicken, and as the hype would suggest, it was great. I must eat if you end up in the NO.Seen on TV  and as ALMOST advertised.
Staff is nice and friendly.
Location not in the greatest area.
Parking is off street
Food it's OK.
I was there in Aug. no lines but it was hot and humid.
A lot of hype. It's truly an OK down south cuisine. My chicken was not as greasy as I've read in other reviews.
The corn bread... ehhhh.
Mac n cheese was good.
Okra was ok.
Ok why 3 Stars?
For a true down south joint or true chicken joint, I need gizzards and hearts. Where is this? I must say the chicken was OK.
I've had better. I was looking more for a umami flavor which it did not have. That's what it's like you can compare this to Gus Chicken vs Willies.
You only have a 2 options. White meat and dark. I got white. But also the wings was not wings.
For that, chicken game needs to be step up. 
But in a review I saw that Popeyes was better(stop it!) you can get that anywhere. 
Price wise it's little more. 
ProTip: Get the Lima/buttery beans. I would just go back just for that. 
Overall. I can say been there done that.  If I got back to NOLa I'll hit the chicken shacks up. 
Solid 3 starsHands down the BEST fried chicken  !!! Waited at most 10 minutes. We got lucky! However, I do recommend going at a non-peak time if you do not like waiting  The skin is perfection!It was my first time in NOLA and I had to stop in at the famous Willie Mae's for their amazing Fried Chicken! We've waited an hour outside on a Monday around 2pm but it was totally worth it. The most tender and juicest chicken I've ever eaten. My favorite was the probably green beens.  Definitely have to come here if you're ever in NOLA!Like you I read the reviews and I figured I would try it out, needless to say some of the best fried chicken and pork chops I have ever had!!Authentic soul food!! The fried chicken was so juicy and flavorful. Food was cooked to order so it came out hot and fresh. Mac and cheese had a little bit of the New Orleans spice which was different but still yummy. I would recommend all tourist to eat here but beware of the wait. Fortunately we skipped breakfast and arrived when they first opened. Don't miss out on trying the "World's Best Fried Chicken"!!!The fried chicken was so tender it could melt in your mouth! Slightly salty for my taste, but the skin was just the right crispiness. Side dishes were big portion. Our waiter was very friendly. Would definitely recommend to friends!Decided to go here when original plans were thwarted due to the place being closed. And we are SO GLAD WE DID. The line went out the front door and around the side of the building but after standing in line for literally 2 minutes, an angel descended and took us inside where we were sat promptly. We got the fried chicken tri-plate, chicken tenders, green beans and rice with gravy, fried okra and Mac and cheese. They were out of the mashed potatoes :( everything was amazing. Best fried chicken I've ever had. The fresh lemonade was also delicious and paired well with the saltiness of the fried chicken. Hope we have time to go back!Simple but sticks out in my mind as a very flavorful fried chicken. Traditional sides and walls filled with awards, mention in local and national periodicals and pictures of famous people who've visited. Service was excellent, and prompt due to the high demand for tables in this hot we'll know New Orleans stapleHoly Cow this place is Amaaaazing!!! 
We waited in line for what seemed forever in hot humid heat but it was sooooo worth it. 
While we were in line they turned away a couple people behind us because they said they said they were done fore the day, how sad! So make sure you get there before 3 pm to not be turned away and they aren't opened Sundays! 
Came with a party of six and we all ordered different things such as the fried chicken, catfish, chicken nuggets, peas, potato salad, corn bread muffins. 
Seriously this is the most amazing chicken I have ever had and the catfish OMG also the corn bread muffins were Amaaazing. Try the sweet tea it's not overly sweet it's just right! 
I wish New Orleans was closer to me I would go just to eat all the tasty food at this place. Also our waiter was so cute and attentive I think his name was Devon.The neighborhood is very sketchy. But I can say the chicken was the most unique tasting chicken I have every had. It was tasty but I have had better. The Mac and Cheese was spicy and I loved it. The Cornbread was awesome. Once you get over the neighborhood it is a must stop place in New Orleans.will NEVER go back, place was CLOSED on a scheduled business day w/NO reason on the door...  all sorts of folks showing up to have lunch only to be turned away by the locked doors!!!"America's Best Fried Chicken" - Food Network and Travel Channel "Legendary" - Anthony Bourdain. Need I say more? Best fried chicken I've had; crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Very flavorful too! Warm neighborhood restaurant atmosphere and customer service was great. Located by 6th ward in NOLA; they actually closed down when hurricane Katrina hit. But so glad they reopened and we had the chance to try them! I heard Willie Mae passes away a few days ago..I hope this restaurant remains legendary and that they get to keep their delicious fried chicken!I'm from California and visited NOLA for my birthday this year. I had previously heard of Willie Mae's and their famous fried chicken. I have to say the best fried chicken ever! Nice and crunchy on the outside, juicy and tender on the inside. We tried the corn bread, butter beans and rice, fried okra, Mac n cheese, mashed potatoes and gravy and everything was delicious. Even their freshly squeezed limonade was to die for. Finished off w a slice of chocolate moose cake that was spectacular. It's a must when you visit New Orleans!!I got here super early because I heard the line for this place gets CRAZY. I arrived ten mins before the doors open and there was a little line. 
The service was great and my waiter really made me feel at home while there. Now I came to try the Fried chicken everyone says is the BEST. Now I'm not fried chicken expert, but it was very very good. I loved the crunchiness of and the little kick of Cajun Seasoning. 
I say if you can get there early and avoid the line then make sure to check it out. Ps. The butter beans are AMAZING Never tried it till the waiter suggested it and I'm glad he did.Be prepared for a wait! We arrived at 4:15, didn't get into the restaurant until after 5, and weren't served until 6. Some folks even got Popeyes delivered in line! That said, the wait was SO WORTH IT! This was easily the crispiest and tastiest fried chicken I've ever had, and it was also my first time eating fried okra. I would highly recommend the sweet peas. Come with patience and an appetite!Glorious fried chicken. 
I have had my fair share of fried chicken recently (in Bangkok when everyone else got fruit after lunch I got myself some fried chicken street food style), but this place is the real deal. A thin and crispy exterior that cracks and crunches delectably when you bit into it, unbelievably soft and juicy chicken meat all seasoned to perfection. Okay, the skin got a tad bit salty toward the end but that's like really splitting hairs. 
The butter bean was also a glorious choice of sides--swimming in some delicious soupiness with a tiny bit of heat. Yum yum yum. 
The fried okra was good but breaded a bit heavily. The mashed potatoes were solid. 
10/10 would go again. 
Also, we went around 2:30 and waited for 20ish minutes. By 3/3:30 there was no wait.before heading to new orleans, i decided that i absolutely needed to visit Willie Mae's. it seemed to be the general consensus that they had the best fried chicken in the area. and the chicken was pretty tasty. the french fries weren't too bad either. 
the one star rating comes from the food poisoning that soon followed this chicken. trust me when i say that this chicken was not so good that it was worth the pain that it caused. 
even if we didn't get sick from the chicken i think it would still have only gotten 3 stars.It's off the beaten path but well worth it! It IS the best chicken in the world! Crispity chicken it LOOKS like it's fried hard but that's deception - it's flakey and then super juicy!
We wanted everything we saw - had the chicken with green beans (comes with rice and yummy gravy), Mac n cheese - had kick, mashed potatoes and gravy came with peas - ate like a pig...They have ruined me for other chicken #SadYetHappy!
Ps: get there early and bring cash! Their CC machine was broken when we went.On a recent trip to New Orleans I had the chance to visit Willie Mae's.  Well, they were actually closed on first attempt and for the ten minutes I sat there, I watch a bevy of people come and go, strike one.  Let me add that Willie Mae's is known for the "best fried chicken in the world."  The day before I was scheduled to leave I managed to make back over to the restaurant.  The restaurant was relatively clean, service was fast (pre-cooked chicken - strike two) and the portions were abundant.  I order fried chicken with red beans and rice for $10; $3 extra for white meat and a lemonade.  The lemonade was good, the chicken was not "the world's best."  strike three...Although good, I would put on par with Popeye's chicken; nothing special.  Would I return?  Probably not... 2 stars for good red beans and rice...The best fried chicken and white beans...EVER!
The crust on the chicken is light and flaky and truly the best I've ever had.Just so damn good. First time I came to NOLA I arrived an hour before opening to a line around the block. Most recently when I swung through town in May I got right in with no wait whatsoever. The chicken is delicious, all the sides lovely, Crystal's hot sauce endlessly provided. Just go. So good!u know KFC. Popeyes & church's? i think they use DRY batter. Well they use a WET here and it's light! Flips the usual script!
which is unusual but they do it RIGHT and i had a 1st batch on a tue morning!Loved this place. It's located in a place you would never go unless you were headed to this joint (run down, and the best of "urban ghetto").  Having said that, the fried chicken and is simply one of the best food experiences I have had in a long while.  Do get the fried chicken and red beans and rice.  Do NOT get the macaroni and cheese.  What they do (friend chicken) they do extremely well.  Don't forget that and order accordingly.  The macaroni and cheese (comes with bland, tired "canned" quality green peas) was a very disappointing option. SKIP IT!!! Get the fried chicken and remember this... they will allow you to bring in alcohol!  I was in New Orleans to do the hedonism/bachelor party experience and knowing there is a liquor store a block away helped set the mood.  Good and helpful wait staff. Excellent and unforgettable fried chicken. Sides were hit or miss. Order accordingly!A reputation well deserved! Myself and 3 friends enjoyed a wonderful meal of awesome fried chicken and chicken fried pork chops. The wait staff was friendly and attentive and did I mention that the fried chicken was awesome?  In my opinion  a trip to Willie Maes is a must.Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.
Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.  Walked in after a storm  puddles all around , probably why we found a parking space close by . Lots of empty tables . Went by the kitchen ,  spotted dark chicken  sitting in baskets  over the fryers .  Ordered  , anticipated the best .... . Well , the chicken was over cooked and very greasy . A crunchy skin with spicy , lard fried texture was the saving feature . The rice and beans weren't much better than Zaterains . Not exactly the " Bourdain " experience .This was the BEST fried chicken I've ever had! The macaroni & cheese and peas were so delicious too! I will definitely be telling anyone I know to go here whenever they go to NOLA! I will definitely be stopping here whenever I'm in town too! Great staff too!Delicious fried chicken and green beans and rice 
Ate everything on the plate.  Highly recommendOnce a year our family packs our bags and travel across this great country and we make sure we pull over in New Orleans . this place is really small but don't let that fool you .the line is long and the wait may wrestle with you in wanting to turn away but trust me .........IT IS WORTH IT!! i personally love the cat fish and sauce ...I want to hug this woman!  Thank you Willie May for creating such a stellar restaurant.  I felt like I was at home here.  I ate there on Thursday during jazz fest, and it is now almost 1 week later and I have not stopped thinking about the fried chicken.  Why is it so good? Maybe I don't want to know!  
Seriously do yourself a favor and go here! It's worth the wait if there is one! You can meet new people while you wait ;)  
Seriously I am in awe, I can't say much else except WOW and I wish we had this in San Francisco.  
Until I come back to NOLA, I will probably be thinking about the fried chicken everyday.  OH and the CORNBREAD MUFFINS---- OH HAAAAAAY! 
Here's an awesome video to give you an idea of this place. 
http://youtu.be/3uVUNpkvAiAWow! I totally get why this place was recognized with a James Beard award. The fried chicken was amazing. It was definitely worth the cab ride. And I couldn't have asked for better service. 
Since this is located in a somewhat remote and largely residential area, I suggest you make sure you have the number for a cab to come pick you up because there are none to be found outside. The waiter was nice and called one for us. It's also weird that a lot of drivers don't seem to know where this place is.Went first time at 3 p.m., line too long. Went second time at 10:40 a.m., first in line for 11 a.m. opening. Worth the wait! 
Fried chicken was world-class, can;t say it was best ever, but can't say if I've ever had better. Corn bread was perfect, butter beans and rice were meaty and hearty. Wasn't impressed with the spicy green beans. Solid fries.
Line was long by the time we left, gotta say, it's worth whatever time you have to wait.We were told this was the best fried chicken spot in New Orleans.......sadly the chicken did not live up to the hype. If you want to experience waiting outside in along line in the New Orleans heat and humidity go for the experience. I've had better chicken, there was a strong old fryer oil taste to the food.Surprisingly (or not), the best meal I had this trip to Nawlin's. Having caught a glimpse of Willie Mae's on a Food TV or Travel show, I jotted down the name for my next trip to the culinary mecca that is NOLA. 
Please note, that getting to Willie Mae's can be challenging, but my GF and found it easy enough to get there by public transit (e.g., Canal street car), if you don't mind walking through a rather desolate part of town. And when I say desolate, I mean lacking people and eerily quiet. If you aren't looking for an adventure, and can afford it, you might want to take a cab. You should also get there when they open at 11am, or you can expect to wait 45 minutes - 1 hour before you are seated.
Drinks - My partner had the lemonade, and thought it was quite good. I had the sweet tea. Loved it! 
Mains - The 3 piece Chicken & Sweet Potato plate is pretty hardy. It also comes with many, many mini corn bread muffins. A couple can easily fill up on the 3-piece Chicken & Sweet Potato plate and one side. We choose the Red Beans & Rice for the added side. My bubbly partner thought this was the best Fried Chicken she has ever eaten. It helped her get over waking up early on Saturday morning. I'd have to agree...it was damn good!!!
I also have to mention that the service was very good; the epitome of southern hospitality. I would expect that Grandma Willie Mae would expect no less. This is still a family owned, small business, and a New Orleans gem. If you make it to Nawlins, Willie Mae's needs to be #1 on your list of restaurants to visit.Best fried chicken in the world!
Get the lima beans.Deana took great care of us.  The chicken here was wonderful, served hot with a breast and two wings.  Mashed potatoes with gravy and peas along with a little cornbread.  We enjoyed every bite!Willie Mae's is hands down one of the best!! They're red beans and rice are the real deal. Popeyes red beans and rice are a joke. The fried chicken is everything, cooked and seasoned just right with  crunchy skin.There is not much to say besides this is the best chicken I have ever had.    
We went with the butter beans which were amazing and the red beans were great too.   
But the chicken......it ruined us for all other chickenWait was long, like an hour... have to wait outside. Not impressed with the chicken, it looked and tasted like it was sitting out and re-heated, not crispy. I didn't taste any special seasoning on the chicken, quite average. The fries were cold they brought more but looked like it was put in the grease a little longer to re-heat, so they were burnt. Brussel sprouts were good. I imagine there are a lot of other places in this city that would be better. I really didn't enjoy it, wasn't worth the calories even with me taking the skin off after determining parts of the chicken skin was soft in some places too hard in other parts. But seems like a lot of people really like the place though...First impress, the restaurant has a warming feeling. Customer service was terrific, the chicken was moist and the side was okay. But be ware, everything is SALTY and I mean really SALTY!!!! So if you like salt then this the place.Don't worry. This place isn't just hype. This is honestly the BEST fried chicken I've ever had. We heard the line can get long, so we got there 10 minutes before they opened and were seated once the doors opened. No other stores or restaurants are around it, so I suggest doing the same otherwise waiting for a table would probably be really boring.Absolutely delicious!! You have to try it. I took an Uber to get here and it was worth it. I had the three piece fried chicken meal. The chicken was perfectly crisp.  I loved that the batter was light. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and juicy. The mashed potatoes and buttered beans were awesome. My friend had the chicken with red beans and rice. She said it was the best chicken and red beans she has ever had.This was definitely my favorite meal of my trip to New Orleans. I got the tenders with a side of macaroni and cheese. The chicken was amazing! Our server, Derek, was great, personable and attentive. The only downfall is that it is so far away from me.Visited New Orleans for a weekend and made it is point to go to Willie Mae's because fried chicken is one of my favorite things in the world.
It was the best fried chicken I've ever had...and I've had a lot of fried chicken because, did I say that I love fried chicken?
The delicious fried coating was perfectly seasoned and melted in your mouth, with no greasy residue...just elation! I inhaled a hefty wing, drumstick, and thigh in a matter of minutes...and wanted more. It was ridiculous -- and a testament to the perfection of the recipe and frying method.
Thank you Willie Mae's Scotch House!This is the best fried chicken I have ever had. The side portions are huge - we did two orders of mixed fried chicken one with red beans one with butter beans. The chicken! The batter was perfectly crispy and fried to a golden brown perfection it was light and not too heavy.  The chicken meat was so moist and juicy not dried out like I've had elsewhere.  Our 8 month old daughter was a huge fan of it all too.The best food ever! A must try while in New Orleans! The chicken was divine! Very crispy but juicy inside. The sides were delicious as well! So worth the long wait in line!Fried chicken so good, makes you wanna slap yo momma!The BEST fried chicken I've ever had. The waitress was very attentive even though she was also very busy. I will definitely go any time I am in New Orleans!The wait is extremely long and some of the staff was kind of rude too so Im removing a star for the bad apple staff. They close at 5pm so it was difficult to squeeze it into our trip but we managed to do it twice! 
We got it to-go the first time and then dined in the next day.  The restaurant is a converted house to restaurant and the kitchen is pretty small.  Fried chicken was crispy and meat was moist.  The corn bread is one of the best I've ever had and I'm not usually a fan of it. 
Don't get the nuggets , those were not good and was extremely dry. Can't go wrong with any sides as they were all amazing.  Despite having a bad experience with a couple of wait staffs, food is good and this is on my list whenever I go to NOLA.willie mae's
a group of four of us visited willie maes on a lazy saturday afternoon of strolling the french quarter. we arrived at 215 and there was a 20 minute wait for a table, or we could split in to two tables of two and be seated immediately.  we opted for the latter and were greeted by a friendly male server with an easy smile and so not so offputting tattoos on his foreamrms
my companion, dear mama (raised on southern cooking)  ordered tea, and i ordered a fresh squeezed lemonade, (which they were out of.)  
on the suggestion of the other yelpers i suggested to mommy dearest to get the buttered beans first or the red beans as a second choice.  he went with an order of the fried chicken  dark meat with buttered beans, i ordered fried chicken- mixed ( was promptly but politely told they did not accommodate such requests, and settled on white meats. 
it was late in the afternoon and while still full they weren't particularly busy with new customers so while my GIANT chicken breast took about 25 minutes to arrive,our companion table who both ordered dark meat chicken, we chomping away contentedly within 10-15 minutes. 
i don't mind waiting for good food, as long as i'm in good company.  all the food arrived at once, a plate of beans for each of us a cornbread muffin for mom and a plate that had the chicken for our table was set in betwixt us. 
the chicken was cooked to order and the skin had that impossibly crispy texture that every aspiring chef strives to create , and spiced perfectly. inside the chicken was lightly sweet, SO juicy and HOT.   
i tried the buttered beans and immediately lamented my choice of red beans, they were good, but they didn't hardly compare to those of the buttered beans. 
mom's muffin was cold but still delicious.
service was casual and friendly, and it all felt sort of like sunday dinner at your inlaws (the kind you love)   they're warm and just as friendly as your own family but they're willing to step out and show you the hand of hospitality without making you feel like a guest in their home. 
note: the other 2 in our group: he is from new orleans and had never been nor even heard of this place, but took togo menus and cards with him remarking "best believe i be back in herrre".
total came to $26 + tip for two fried chicken plates (3 pieces of chicken and a side  white meat comes with a breast and two wings, dark with 2 thighs and a drum) and 2 sodas
... we were 10 minutes too late for bread pudding for dessert. guess i'll have to go back.  ;)Fried chicken was very good, but I hesitate to say the best ever or best in the US.  The spices in the batter were delicious.  Sides were very good also.  The thing I liked best is that the portions were perfect.  I left satisfied, but not miserable.  Eating myself into a food coma over a plate of fried chicken is something I have a propensity for.  What I liked about the meal was that at my table we had myself (WY) and a coworker from Ohio, at the table behind me there was a couple from California, at another table was a group from Wisconsin, and at another table was a group from Kansas.  Obviously this is a tourist destination and does a good business, but instead of trying to find a a bigger venue in a trendier part of town, opening a bunch of satellite stores, or spending a bunch of money to renovate the current location, they've stayed true to who they are.  They know what they are about, and they aren't going to abandon it.  Hats off for that.Super over hyped. And super expensive. Nearly $5 for a piece of chicken.  Their chicken platter is $15 for 3 piece and 1 side.  It's good but salty for my taste. Had their butter lama beans which was actually good.  Can tell by customers that it's mainly tourists who are suckered just like our group to try this place.  Won't go back and recommend.  We actually liked the chicken we bought inside a gas station called krispy krunch chicken or brothers?? Don't remember the name more than willieGet out of the tourist trap, and visit Willie Mae's for some tasty chicken. The potato salad and corn bread sides are the perfect complement to America's Finest Fried Chicken. Recommended you drive or taxi there.The fried chicken is as advertised. It's moist and juicy on the inside, and the outside is crisped to perfection. If this review was based on that alone, it would be 5 stars! I also highly recommend the bread pudding for dessert! It came with a wonderful sauce and was a perfect way to end the meal. 
Unfortunately the fried okra was disappointing. I've had way better, I wouldn't bother getting any unless you're just craving some on the side. The soft roll was also just ok, maybe the cornbread is better!
Finally, a word of caution: I arrived around 2:45 pm on a Saturday, and the wait in line was about an hour. When we got seated, we were informed that they were out of both macaroni and cheese AND mashed potatoes. Considering that I'd planned on ordering both, I was very disappointed. About halfway through my meal, we saw our waiter walk by with a bowl of macaroni and cheese, so of course I immediately flagged him down and was informed that earlier he'd been mistaken and that there was more! It was some of the most unique mac and cheese I've ever had. It had some nice herbaceous notes and a little hint of heat. I highly recommend it, and I advise you to get there earlier than I did if you want to ensure that you're able to try all the sides!Amazing chicken! Be sure to get there early since some of the sides run out. The kitchen may also end up closing a little bit early if you Cut it too close to five. Highly recommend.I went to Willie Maes when I got to New Orleans--there was rain and I went around 3 pm so no line. I ordered and in like six minutes I got Mac and cheese, cornbread, three piece chicken and peas. I took a picture and sent it to my boyfriend and he was like "That looks not impressive--you say the chicken is good there???" (He is also veg so he doesn't know about meats)
So never judge a book by its cover because days before I had fried chicken in another city that was a James Beard winner, but I'd take Willie Maes over that chicken any day. So crisp, flavorful, not heavily battered, not manufactured and this will sound corny, but it tastes like someone's gram cooked it. It has depth, it has warmth--you need this in your life ASAP. 
I'm kind of sad I didn't eat the butter beans but I am 
happy that peas came with the dish. Again the peas look like they wouldn't taste good like they were sitting in a can for a decade--but holy  they were amazing. 
The chicken and the peas will haunt my memory for years to come.As the reviewer before me has stated - I also do not eat chicken. Call me crazy but I actually rather dislike it - never ordering it when there's anything else available. Of course I was intrigued by all the glowing reviews and I figured that if any place had the power to make me a chicken-loving convert, this was it.
Well, a chicken convert I am not, but I'll be damned if I didn't come close after eating this! The skin is so perfectly crunchy and amazing that I could probably eat a bucket of it - obesity and cholesterol issues not mattering in the least. The meat was juicy and it just...worked.
If you get the chance, GO! You will not be disappointed. My only regret is not coming back for seconds before I left NOLA.Although the chicken is great, the sides are just ok and the place needs an uplift.  The floors and bathrooms are dirty.  The line goes by fairly quick but service is very inefficient.  After you order it takes a while to get your food.   It's almost like they need to take your order when you are in the front of the line so that when you sit down it's ready.  I will try the place on St Charles next time.This place is absolutely amazing. When I was here it was pouring down rain and people were still waiting in a line that was out the door and down the street. Its in an out of the way neighborhood, but worth the trek. The fried chicken was some of the best I have ever had. Crispy and delicious. The skin almost melts in your mouth. The sides are also killer. The mac and cheese was awesome. I highly recommend checking this place out. Its one of those unique spots that will make you think New Orleans.Came for lunch. Chicken very crispy and moist. Just enough salt. Glad I tried it. Sides were nothing much to get excited about.Chicken is so good here it'll make you slap yo mama!   Arrived at 10:15 after reading recommendations to arrive early or be prepared to wait in the punishment line.   I chose life and came early.   Ppl started to trickle in and by the time we left around 11:30 it was rockin in there.  I'd say to get there before noon to guarantee being seated.   You get 3 pieces of chicken and one side.   Extra charge for white meat.  Bump that!  We like it dark.   Also got the fried okra and sweet potato fries.  So...after slapping my mama I had extra chicken left over mc they give you so much food for $11.   Make sure you order a glass of their fresh squeezed lemonade.  It's liquid crack.Finally made it to Willie Mae's after many attempts (long lines don't due much for us) and was worth the wait.  Great chicken and we loved the Mac and cheese.  Service was prompt and friendly.Overrated.  We tried it because we saw it on the Food Channel.  It's overpriced fried chicken. The flavor of the chicken wasn't anything special.  The red beans & rice was good.  The atmosphere was satisfactory....didn't expect much because we knew the place was a historic venue and very small.  Not bad, but not great.There method for working line is atrocious, unorganized, and resulted in a 30 minute wait and our small party of 7 being seated at 3 different tables. Thankfully they are not the only place that serves good Chicken in Nola. Never again u just lost another oneThey say this is among the best if not the best fried chicken in the country.    It certainly was the best I've ever had.  The chicken was cook thoroughly throughout while being nice and juicy with the perfect batter.     No shame in my game, admittedly I finished the fried chicken platter (3 pieces and a side) and then ordered another 3 piece basket.   Plus enjoyed the sweet tea.  This is not a fancy place but they make one thing and do it extremely well.So amazing food here. The fried chicken is worth coming here. Came here because this place is a well known local and tourist spot. And pricing is good. Me and my friend both got the three piece friend chicken with two sides and cornbread and it was $41. That is not bad. Southern food steeped in a lot of history. It's even been featured on the travel channel delicious destinations. If you come to New Orleans make the trip hereSaw this restaurant featured on the food channel and decided to check it out. I'm not sure if I'm qualified to say whether or not it's the best fried chicken in america. But it's probably the best fried chicken I've ever eaten. 
The most important thing when it comes to fried chicken is the SKIN. It's the component that holds the seasoning and most times is the part that connects to the most fat (read:flavor). The skin at Willie Mae's has a crumbly consistency. When you first pick up the chicken and feel particles of the skin crumble in between your fingers you then realize that each bite will be filled with crunch and moisture. I literally did not want to pause to breath in between bites. I used Crystal hot sauce mostly out of tradition as this chicken does not need any additional sauce or seasoning to complete it. 
PROS:
crispy yet juicy skin 
price is sub $12 for the most part
wait is not too long 
CONS:
the excellent chicken is not available as soon as you walk in the door!!!
the seating is kind of tight, this can be embarrassing as you exclaim GOT DAMN after every bite
the location is kind of in the middle of no where (for non natives)Great chicken. I love the soft but crispy skin. It's some of the best chicken that I have ever eaten. Can't really decide which is better, Frenchys or Willie Mae's. If I ever make another 6hr drive from Texas to the Nolia I will defiantly make another stop at Willie Mae's. But till then, Frenchys here I comeOk ok...
The I'll give the fried chicken it's credit. Can't lie, I'm currently craving as I type
this review. It's more out of curiousity cause I had it with the sides, but they failed
to mention that the sides were spicy and I don't do spicy food so my next visit will
attack only the chicken. I must say though that it's good regardless and the set up
inside is pretty cozy, small, but with the vibe that everyone is there to throw down.
The prices are slightly above scale but it's not a chain and they do their job well, so
I'm good with that.
The parking is a lil iffy but it's a block away from the main street too so it's cool as well.
Overall, it's labeled a must go to spot, so I'll leave the reputation alone and just say support the business and enjoy the intentions of making a belly good.
Bon ApetitThe best fried chicken you will ever have.  Get the white beans as a side.  Frikkin incredible.  There might be a long line but it is worth the wait.Man oh man! This Yankee dreams of the day she can move South and have good cookin of this caliber on a regular basis! The fried chicken and fried okra were just on point! Would definitely be a regular customer if I lived in New Orleans! God bless your soul, Ms. Willie Mae!The best darned chicken in New Orleans. Do not get there after 5, you will not be seated. They mean it when they say they close at 5:00. Don't expect a cold beer on a hot day, no booze allowed. You are there for the chicken and great country cookin.This place should be called Willie Amazing because that's exactly what it is.  I ate here 5 years ago and loved it, and had it again this past week and loved it even more.  It's by far the best fried chicken I've ever had.  
I ordered the fried chicken with green beans, rice and gravy, cornbread, and a lemonade.  I cleared my entire plate.  The chicken is juicy and has a ton of flavor with a hint of spice.  I have no idea what they put in that chicken to make it taste like that but whatever it is, it works.  It was my favorite meal that I had during my 5 day trip to New Orleans this past week. 
The inside is nothing fancy but not many places are in New Orleans.  It almost feels like you're eating in someone's home which is a nice touch.  We went on a Monday afternoon so there was no wait for a table.  Service was good.  Would highly recommend to anyone who lives in the area or is visiting the big easy.I temporarily died and went to fried chicken heaven while I was here!! This chicken kind of reminds me of Pioneer Fried Chicken back in the day, but Willie Mae's is so much better. The light crispy batter and spicy seasoning.. Mmmm I'm craving it while I'm typing this! I'm a huge fan of fried chicken and before Willie Mae, there was a place in Georgia that was my favorite fried chicken. 
Fianc and I were the first ones here on a Tuesday morning, afraid there would be a line. No line! Super friendly staff members. Got a Groupon for $8 for $20 worth of food. Ordered the 3 pieces of fried chicken, Mac n cheese, butter beans, & corn bread. Huge portions of fried chicken, more than enough food for 1. Mac n cheese and butter beans were bomb. Corn bread I could care less for. Go here to get your fried chicken on! Well deserve title of America's best fried chicken! I can't wait to go back!!Everything was pretty good! We waited in line for an hour and a half. I feel like if I wasn't suffering from low-key heat exhaustion I would give it 5 stars.  
Try the mac-n-cheese, butter beans, collard greens....pretty much all the sides. Fried Chicken was good, but not AMAZING as some have postes. Great spot, good food.Awesome place!  Fried chicken, butter beans, and sweet tea.  Doesn't get any better.  It might be the best I've ever had.  Worth the wait and worth every penny!!Somewhat of a local legend for their fried chicken, Willie Mae's must be a love it or leave it sorta place in New Orleans. While a few locals waxed poetically about how this was THE place for fried chicken (and I even overhead a conversation among local bohemians in Jackson Square where they engaged in a heavy debate on Popeye's VS Willie Mae's), most of the others we spoke to had reservations. 
They'd shrug their shoulders and say that it was all hype. Unfortunately, I'd have to agree.
Located a bit out of the way in a bad part of town (at leaast according to a couple of cab drivers), Willie Mae's is a very small and homey restaurant. And do I mean homey. It feels as if you've stepped into a house-turned-restaurant ripped from the pages of 'To Kill a Mockingbird.' Not helping matters much is the suburban backdrop, but this could definetly be a plus if this kitsch is your kind of thing. It's like a theme restaurant, except for real.
It certainly is the real deal though, and you can see the water damage from Hurricane Katrina. Willie Mae's wears her scars proudly, and with a rich and ancient heritage like it has, it really does have a quaint sort of charm about it.
As for the menu, it is... somewhat limited. If you're not here for the chicken or the sides (green beans, fries, mashed potatoes), then there's always the soda. Or the fish. But that's about it.
Of course we just had to have the chicken!
To be honest, I'd say that the chicken is a bit overpriced, and perhaps aimed more at the tourist crowd than the local populace. Nevertheless, chicken it was! 
Now, I've read quite a bit on how the recipe of Willie Mae's is a closely guarded secret. It's been passed from Grandma Willie to her daughter, but I'm not sure that's what I had the day we stopped by for a bite. Because it that was the secret recipe, I'm not really that impressed.
Granted, everyone does have their own opinion, and mine tends towards the over-flavored, but what was brought to our table was a disappointement to me anyway.
The tender meat was juicy, and had a fair amount of spice, but what killed it for me was the coup de grace of any fried chicken meal... The skin. Here, it was more of a fried shell, akin to banana fritters. Ultra-crispy, and unfortunately not my thing.
We left disappointed, but the service can't be faulted. As with most of New Orleans, Southern hospitality makes even the most drab of places sparkle, and here we had it in droves.
Too bad we never returned to Jackson Square to help settle that debate. It's Popeye's for me all the way.We had the chance to visit this place last November and simply loved it, I couldn't believe how juicy the fried chicken was, my favorite were the butter beans soo sooo good. Definitely a MUST visit place if you are in New Orleans.Whoa Nelly!
So somebody tells me that New Orleans has a restaurant that sells the "Best Fried Chicken" . Not only that,  Food Network also said this is THE spot to eat Fried Chicken! Game Over! Sorry restaurant August, all the fancy winin' and dinin' can wait til next time!
So we only had a few hours left before we had to go the airport, and my crew decided as our final restaurant would head to Willie Mays. I was so stoked to try this place that I forgot to call Augst to cancel our lunch reservation.  It's alright, we passed by it later and there was still plenty of seating in the restaurant. 
So i know you all are waiting...was it the best Fried Chicken I ever had?
The answer is....yes...to an extent. I am no fried chicken connosour, but I have to say it was finger lickin delicious. Although I felt the skin was a bit too salty for my palatte, I know personally that I like things on the blander side so this may not be their fault. Nonetheless, the skin was crispy and delicious while everything inside remained juicy and tender. 
The sides were also a home-run as well.  I had the greens and rice  all smothered in gravy; the gravy was tasty but definitely not salty to ruin the sides.  Overall this place is awsome. The service is friendly and efficient, and the food is frikkin delicious. If  you're ever in  New Orleans, definitely take the time to take a quick cab ride and enjoy some delicous Fried Chicken at Willie May'sI went to Willie Mae's on vacation and unfortunately this chicken has ruined the fried chicken restaurant that I like where I live.  This could very well be the best fried chicken that I've ever had and I can't think of a bad thing to say about it.  If you're ever in New Orleans or are lucky enough to live there you owe it to yourself to get some of this amazing fried chicken.This place was so disappointing, to start it's in the middle of nowhere. I stood on line for about 40mins in the hot sun, only to get Chicken that had wayyyyy to much batter.  You get three pieces of  chicken with your order, and it looks really good until you pull it apart. Then you see, it's mostly batter. The red beans and rice is also overrated, not much seasoning.  The corn bread taste like jiffy corn bread. So I ask myself how the heck did this place get on the travel channel and why does everyone talk about this place WHY?????????
So no I'm sorry I don't recommend. I've had so much better, not worth the wait.Yuuummm!
I must say the 1.5 walk from the French Quarter to this Treme joint was not completely enjoyable in the 80 degree heat, but New Orleans lovely disregard for open container laws made the walk much more tolerable. What was more tolerable and completely worth the walk was the fried chicken. I grew up in Ohio and have not spent much time in the south, but that having been said this was not like any other fried chicken I've ever had. The breading was crispy and noticeably and pleasantly seasoned and best of all the chicken was so juicy. I devoured my three pieces and had just enough room to finish my delicious corn bread muffin, but not before dipping it in my red beans. The obvious star of the meal was the chicken, but if I had to pick a second favorite it was definitely the cornbread. You can't miss out on it. 
All and all great experience. It's worth the trek out of the touristy district and you will be happy you went.Excellence on a plate. Just can't do it too often. LOL, Consistent to a tee. Same quality you expect. Crispy crust and great sides. Old school but it's worth the line. Took my folks here and they enjoyed it as well.Told I had to go by a close friend. Random location. Line to get in. Super old building, avoid sitting at bar area in back (stank). Friendly staff. Food took ages to come out, despite warning everything was made to order. Fried chicken, mac n cheese and corn bread did not disappoint. Liked it so much I wanted to go back a second time on our last day in town. Was that worthy.Definitely worth the uber ride out of the quarter!  Juicey Fried chicken,  butter beans cornbread and tea just took me back to a little girl at my grandmas house in Alabama.  It even smelled exactly as a remembered it.This is supposed to be a great "locals" fried chicken joint? 
Ha, not at these prices in this 'hood.
I should have known with guys like Emeril, Fieri, Bourdain and other Food Network types hyping it up, the owners would jack up their prices....and they have. 
$15 for three pieces of fried chicken (that was a little better than Popeyes) and mashed potatoes, $10 for a "house" salad and $7.50 for a kid's peanut butter and jelly sandwich? 
And they also tried to charge me $4 simply for a plate to put a drumstick on for my son? Talk about lousy customer service!
Total bill was almost $40 BEFORE tip.
Fool me once, it's on you. 
Fool me twice it's on me (and that ain't gonna happen).Must go!! I can't get this fried chicken out of my dreams. 
I kept hearing about Willie Mae's from friends and had to stop by on my trip to New Orleans. There wasn't a wait when we went in on a Tuesday for lunch. 
Ordered the 3 piece chicken with Mac and cheese and also some corn bread. The food took awhile to get to our table but once it got in front of us I was ready. Took my first bite and time stopped for a second. The skin was so crispy and flaky while the meat inside was juicy and tender. It was everything you'd ever hope for in fried chicken. The Mac and cheese was delicious but not the best I have ever had. 
My only complaint was the service. Everyone from the waiters and cooks were so welcoming and made you feel so comfortable. The only problem was we had to wait and ask for refills longer than we should have and had to keep reminding the waiter for sauces or sides we asked for. But all in all, would definitely go back if given the opportunity.This place is a true gem! Fried chicken and peas are the bomb! Highly recommend!!! Nice little place. Very quiet. Great atmosphere and friendly staff.The fried chicken was nothing short of amazing. I had the seasoned green beans and rice with gravy as my side. Both were really good. The green beans had great flavor and the gravy over the rice had a kick of spice to it. We also ordered the fried okra (reccomended) and the corn bread muffins which were sweet and fluffy. Here's the drawback: we arrived at 11:30 am to beat the lunch time crowd and we're seated right away. We did not receive our food for a little over one hour. The waitress was kind and gave us a complimentary order of corn bread muffins for the inconvenience. After 45 minutes, I walked outside to stretch my legs and there was a line outside of about 15 people. 
I reccomended you get there before noon and don't get upset if it takes an hour or more to get your food. The fried chichen was so good, really crispy, but was pretty salty.Amazing! The food is simply amazing. I had the 3 piece and asked for wings instead of dark meat. It came with one side so I got the mashed potatoes with gravy. The meal also came with green peas. The best part of the meal was the chicken hands down. It's different as it tastes like similar to panko breaking so it's not heavy at all. Next, the lemonade. It is fresh squeezed and homemade. And after waiting outside for thirty minutes for a table, it was very refreshing. The sides were tasty as well. Don't be deterred by the line outside the door. It is worth it!!After trying on three separate occasions to get in the door my brother and I finally got in! We arrived early and walked right in. The service was excellent. Our waiter was very friendly and courteous. I ordered the three piece chicken with mac n cheese, and sweet peas. The chicken was superb! It tasted as though it had been in a brine bathe. It was very tender, crispy, juicy, and seasoned to perfection. It was not your ordinary fried chicken. This chicken is definitely a cut above the rest!Yeah it's worth the wait. My wife and I got there at 11am already line out the door with 20+ waiting. There is no waiting list. Waitress comes out and yells "ok I got a table for (?) ". Got the fried chicken single 3pc. Came out fresh smoking hot cripsy and seasoned just right.  I wouldn't say it's the best ever but it's damn good chicken. Mashed potatoes are good but the gravy is going on. Our waitress was nice, polite and husled her ass off.  They do turn the tables quick but they don't rush you to leave. Come early or else expect to wait over an hour.The chicken here was worth the wait. The only bad part is that I will have to wait until next time I come to New Orleans to have it again. My only big suggestion is Get here before they open. I would get there approx 15 mins or so on a weekday. We got here about 30 mins before they opened and We was not feeling the neighbor hood as we had got dropped off by the lyft driver and we were the first ones there.' The area started to be  very questionable as we started to walk around it. I actually started to feel safer as more patrons started to show up.