Long wait but definitely worth it. Biscuits are on point!
If you're looking for good chicken, biscuits and honey look no further!
Bonus, they are everywhere.The red beans and rice was good. The chicken was good. They would probably make more money if they let a person substitute and I'm not saying it has to be difficult. If I get a 2 piece white, why can't I get two wings? Instead of breast and wing, just so simple and your customer is happy!!I also heard they are running a special menu during Essence Fest to make life more difficult!!Had the tenders and chicken mix, and both were great. The tenders were not processed, but pulled chicken breast. Fries were perfect (crispy and slightly thicker than your average fry) and the honey biscuit was really great. Their daquries are good and large as well (apple, mango, pina colada, hurricane, hypnotic, margarita and more). I had the mango hurricane mix. Definitely good drunk or not.Meh.
Ever been to Rosarito/TJ in Mexico? I'm from Los Angeles, so it's a thing.
Anyway, this place was good for the "hey, i'm in the mood for an alcoholic refreshment" occasions but we got fried chicken from here as a quick bite and I wasn't impressed by it.
Grilled chicken you can get anywhere really. The sauces were pretty good though, so that was good.
BUT, not bad for a quick spot.
That and they're EVERYWHERE around the French Quarter.Man.... The chicken here was so freaking hot and fresh!!!!!!!!!!! 
THEM BISCUITS THO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The red beans and rice.... Man. Flavor, flavor everywhere! I went here at 10 a.m. before we left for our cruise; everything was HOT AND FRESH. I was a bit annoyed because people who came in after me got their food before me, but when I got my food, man.... it made up for the wait. The signature sauces they provided were not all that, the young lady who work there even said she didn't like them, so I stuck with some regular ol ranch for my tenders. Definitely a must have when you're in the N.O. On Canal Street. I ate my food so fast I couldn't even take a pic. And yall know that ain't like me to not take a pic of my food!!!!!!!!Numbers 
Service 7.5 out of 10
Food  7.5 out of 10
Cost 6 out of 10.
This place is conveniently on canal street and it's a good fix if you want something quick, but the cost is something I would be leery of the cost. For 2 people 3 or 5 piece tender combos with biscuits and drinks run up about $35 bucks. I'm not sure if I've ever had chicken that good. Would I stop there again? I don't know, but for $35 I can eat at a decent restaurant.Came here after a Bachelorette party. The place was filled with Sugar bowl Auburn football players getting their fix before curfew and a bunch of weirdos hitting on the customers. It seemed like everyone was fighting over the biscuits. Now these biscuits are covered in butter that looks like glue, but they were a hit, especially if you don't mind clogging your arteries. I know there was nothing healthy in here to eat, but that by far had to be the biggest killer. Hot wings are very saucy and better than the other wings. So, if you want to be entertained or feeling depressed on a late drunken night, try it out. You'll definitely have a good laugh.Great place for fried chicken! Prices are good and the size of the chicken pieces are quite large.  My absolute favorite item on the menu? The biscuits. The biscuits are the best I've ever tasted. Soaked in honey and butter it literally melts in your mouth and it's got just the right amount of sweetness you need after enjoying salty fried chicken. A must try here in NOLA!Another chicken place, reminded me of Popeyes. 
Nothing special. 
Counter chick was not happy on day we went. Idkw? #rude #poorcustomerserviceWhere do I start... The prices were outrageous! But I guess it's expected if you're on Canal. The fish had more skin and than meat. Too much batter... Fries tasted as if they were sitting under a heated all day. The chicken was average. Popeyes chicken has more season and quality chicken. The bartender was cool! We ordered 2 meals and 2 drinks.Let's just say it wasn't worth $45.00.It was delicious.  Going back today. The chicken is rhe best. The frozen daiquiri was delicious!!!!!Fried chicken.
Fried chicken.
Fried chicken.
That's pretty much all I heard one morning was, "Fried chicken." So, we got fried chicken.
Willie's Chicken Shack is basically a fast food joint. But, it wasn't so fast. It could have been because everyone just got out of the Saints vs. Cubs game. When friends and I arrived, the line was almost at the door. Ordering was slow going. There was only 1 cashier taking food orders. The other cashier, closest to the entrance, was strictly for drinks. 
After waiting a good 15 minutes, it was my time to order. I got the 2 piece mix w/ biscuit and side. But, side choices are limited to only fries, jambalaya and red beans & rice. I was told that they didn't have mashed potatoes, even though it was on the menu. It could have been that they just run out. The impatient cashier just made it sound like they no longer served it. I ended up picking the jambalaya.
Besides the 2 cashiers, there was one person to plate the food and another person to deliver the meals. I'm also going to assume that there's one person in the back doing all the cooking. Quite frankly, it's not enough people to deal with such a big rush. 
Tables were dirty and it took a while for someone to clean them off. We pretty much cleaned our own, as we waited for our food to arrive. Surprisingly, the our food order didn't take that long. So, that was a plus. The chicken was pretty good and juicy. My side of jambalaya was merely okay. Biscuit was good, but I've had better. 
Willie's would be an A-OK stop, if you want fried chicken. Just not when a football game has been let out or when it's a meal rush.These customer service representatives rude as hell.  First Bridget felt it was okay to yell across the restaurant and embarass a young woman who left her credit card after paying.  She was yelling her name then while holding up the card repeatedly said "really...just really, get it together."
We ordered a two piece white meat meal.  It costs more but we were sharing.  It was a wing and a breast.  Apparently they consider a wing white meat.  I went up to ask about it and she began with the "baby a wing is white meat you should know that."  Not at any deli, KFC or Popeye's I have been to.  Then for the next 10 minutes she went on to every customer and worker in the restaurant, loud enough for us to hear across the room about how she doesn't understand how people can draw attention to themselves that way.  REALLY???? You spent the entire time drawing attention to yourself and embarrassing customers.   FIRE THIS WOMAN!!!  Wouldn't recommend this location to ANYONE.  There are multiple locations in a small area, do not visit this location. 
The food was decent, the service, far from it.Bomb ass fried chicken, red beans and rice pretty solid. Willie's cocktail daiquiri on point! And they were playing the jams! For a fast food joint its a good place to get your food fix. You don't feel like you're wasting your money.The chicken is fresh! You can taste the difference. Great atmosphere, lots of drinks to chose from too. One of my favorite chicken eateries. I wish they open one in SCV, CA where I'm from. Oh and the biscuits are so tasty you don't need honey, they infuse the honey in the biscuit......mmmmmmmm.Who can't go wrong with Louisiana fry's chicken 
They taste great ! The place has a bar too which u wait for your food grabs drink insteadWillie's is alright.  It's definitely drunk food lol. The chicken strips are large and pretty good when they're crispy. The biscuit was too doughy for me but maybe that was just mine.  The shrimp are fried in the chicken batter and they're alright.  I'm not disappointed just not blown away either.  It's a. Good enough place to drop by when everything else is closed.This place is a Getto playground. Rude service, filthy tables , sauce bottles are sticky and disgusting. Grab some of them rude ass employees and put a wet soapy rag in their hand . Biscuits were hard as a rock and burnt. No honey for the biscuits ? Chicken was good but had no flavor. Popeyes at least has spice and is half the price . We had a 2 piece and a 3 piece strip and 1 dessert, came out to $30 bucks , that's crazy. I guess you need to pay for the armed guards protecting the bathrooms somehowGot the 8 piece, 4 biscuits and fries...the best fried food I've had in New Orleans. Forget about Popeyes, Willie's has similar, fresher and better seasoned meals. Great StuffPretty good fried chicken joint. Open super late well past 2am. I had the 8pc chicken meal, Cajun fries, and rice and beans. They give you several sauces like BBQ, ranch, and hot sauce. Service can be a little better but overall I enjoyed it.This was chosen because it started raining and it was near, lol. But turned out they sure know how to fry chicken and make delicious food! We shared a chicken tender basket and I funny think I'll soon forget the honey butter biscuits.  *drool*.  They have several sauces that we tried and all were tasty. Note, you seem to have to have a code to access the restroom, so stalk someone when they enter, so you can catch the door.Sooo goood. How do they get their fries to shine? Fast service, nice servers, convenient location.The chicken here is soooo good!  The biscuits are even better.  If you want an awesome chicken dinner at a reasonable price, this is the place.  We will be going back.We have waited over one hour for our chicken. We ordered a 16 piece and I feel that yes, it's a large order but my friends have received their food in a timely manner. They have definitely served over 16 pieces within the time period that we waited and when we asked what the wait was about, they would just say "it's coming". Unacceptable.They know how to cook chicken.  It was juicy and tasty. I didn't get the Cajun spice, but it was good.  
The beans and rice had a heavy pork flavor. 
The biscuits small and flat.  
Service was quick.  High turn over chain, in and out.  
No vegan options.Wonderful food the chicken is out of this world. Everyone should try this place. Would highly recommend.Over priced for poor service and HAIR in red beans n rice. Employees and management present acted as if serving my family cold wings and fries was too bothersome. Had to go back to counter to get my daughters meal only to be asked was I sure ... could understanding they were busy, but there was only one other person at the counter.
707 Canal St locationThey serve the absolute best biscuits!! They are buttery, crisp and sweet on the outside and soft on the inside.. the food is also excellent, I had the red beans and rice along with chicken tenders, which were hot and juicy. Everything was cooked up fresh when we ordered and we got our food fast! The Willie's location on canal is open really late if you are out partying, you can stop here after for a perfect late night meal. They also serve up daiquiris, beer, and other drinks so it's a one-stop shop! The location was really good too, within walking distance to everything, including bourbon street. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!!Extremely overpriced, service was beyond inadequate, and the chicken was mediocre at best. Go to a Popeyes instead!Service was fast but unpleasant, chicken was decent but not the greatest thing in the world. Overall it was just okay. I would've rather went somewhere else.Can I have an order of fried everything please? Only time I'd opt for literally everything fried is here in the south. Willie's is a famous chain fast food so I was skeptical at first. My gfs swore this was a good place so I decided to give it a shot. 
You order at the counter and have the option of dining in or taking it to go. I ordered the seafood platter for myself and it was HUGE. For around $14 you get jumbo shrimps, huge pieces of fried fish, fries, and the best biscuit I've ever had. The shrimps were cooked perfectly and the fish was super filling since they were such a big portion. The biscuit literally melted in your mouth and was drizzled with honey. I'm still dreaming of this biscuit!! The housemade sauce was bommmb!! I'm not a big sauce kinda gal but I couldn't get enough of this. Had a bit of a tang with a hint of sweetness. Can I bottle this stuff up and take it with me to LA? SO FREAKIN GOOD. Had a taste of my gf's fried chicken and jambalaya. Both delish but nothing that totally wow'd me. 
Now for dessert... CHOCOLATE OOEY GOOEY CAKE!! *heart eye emoji times a million* I have the biggest sweet tooth AND DAMN this cake seriously hit the spot. It was sweet, decadent, and a real treat. I'm so glad I listened to the suggestion of getting this dessert from the workers at Willies. The locals always be knowing!! I know if I'm ever back in NOLA, I'm heading straight here for some fried goodies and THIS CAKE!Coming to NOLA- a rival chicken spot is a must, but on the suggestion of our lyft driver, we decided that we needed to hit this spot. This is your standard Louisiana style fried chicken spot. They have all the great sides you see everywhere from Red Beans to Jambalaya. My wife had a 2 piece mixed and I decided on the 3 piece all white. This chicken came out super hot that we had to let it sit for a second. Even after letting it sit we bite into the chicken and it was super Moist and Juicy the perfect combo for Fried Chicken. We order some red beans and rice- it was just ok. My wife said she wished she would have ordered some fries instead. They also provided 5 different sauces to put on your chicken. My wife loved the House Special sauce- I told it was average. The one item that stole the show was the Honey Butter Biscuit. You need to order several when go- some darn good biscuits.The biscuits. Honey biscuits changed my life. 
Eat them.
Order more.
Eat those.
Never stop.
The service was amazing. The staff was all really fun, friendly, helpful. It expected your standard fair. It was not standard anything. Freshly made everything. Generous portions. Unlimited sodas. What more could you want? 
More biscuits. 
Good places to sit. Good music to listen to. It was a bit loud, but I like quiet everything. My travel mates were not bothered.They have some great fried chicken here!  Slightly high in salt, but not too overdone.  The crunch is outstanding and the chicken was nice and meaty.  Side dishes such as red beans and rice and gumbo were tasty, but not as good as another famous/local fried chicken place.  They were also very high in salt.
Overall, the chicken was great.... Would definitely eat chicken here again!Cool local chain, serving chicken, frys and biscuits. Stumbled in while looking for a quick lunch with the family after leaving the aquarium. Good chicken, good frys, good biscuits. Hey Willie, open one in Houston we would come.If I could put 0 stars, I would. We waited 40 minutes for our order because they didn't even put it on file. They saw us standing there and people who came after us got their orders before us. I work customer service and we didn't even get compensated for it. Asians beware!Tried Willie's because I saw a couple and it caught my attention. Went last night on a Tuesday. Staff was nice. Got the chicken tenders. They were good! A little pricey but enjoyed my meal. I really like how the sauce for the chicken is in bottles on tables and not in little packets. Great vibe.This place taste so good!!! The fish, chicken, shrimp and the fries OMG!!! There drinks, HELL YES! The manafer was awesome as well!!I am a lover of Bloody Mary's. I have tried many Bloody Mary's on Bourbon St and elsewhere in New Orleans. You would never believe at Willie's Chicken Shack would you find the most amazing Bloody Mary's ever. I make my own and I make them perfect to my liking with the right amount of spice and flavor. Never have I bought one that could compare to mine. And I'm not bragging about my Bloody Mary but I'm saying that is my benchmark. You MUST have Andre make you one of these magical creations. I find most stuff in this town to be all hype and fail on delivery. This is not one of them. Had I found these at the beginning of my trip, I'd probably have several everyday. This is a MUST HAVE for Bloody Mary connoisseurs. Oh and the food is great too lol.Went to this spot to check whats the hype about.. but it all turn out soo bad! Waited for 45 mins for our order!! Wr are wondering how come other people's order were ready tho we ordered before them! This place suck didnt even asked us whats our order, got pushed on the side told us our orders were ready but it turns out ot wasnt even placed!!! Our food shouldve been free!! Blah! I suggest to just go to popeyes! Atleast that wouldve been worth it!!!Didn't live up to the hype. It was good. Came out fast. When I FINALLY got my order taken.Everyone looked high!
First of all, this is coming from a tourist, Popeye's chicken tastes way better. Their chicken and red beans and rice have flavor whereas Willies lacks seasoning. I tried their chicken tenders and they were bland. Secondly, the drinks are way overpriced without the alcohol content to make it worth paying nearly $10 (or more) for them. But wait, there's more. 
Unfortunately, the same night that we had our bad food experience with Willies, my husband and I found ourselves hungry after staying out too late at the casino on a Monday night. No other decent place was open, so we had no choice but to try Willies again. We ordered something different. The place was closing, but they still were taking customers. The cashier lady (the brunette) was RUDE AS HELL! For no reason at all. Mind you, earlier we had a strange encounter with another older lady who worked there who was rude as well but she sensed my husband's unamused demeanor after she refused to answer his friendly question, and corrected her bad attitude. But this girl was downright nasty to us and was not willing to reciprocate our friendliness. Then, she didn't communicate the fact that they were in fact closing and our food would be to go. After ordering and trying to seat ourselves (which was quite a task because there were roaches and ants at every table we tried) I decided to get our food to go. (In retrospect I should've gotten a refund). So my husband kindly asks the cashier if we can get our food to go and she says with a matter of fact attitude "oh we ordered everyone's food to go."
Thanks for telling us. Also, here's a tip for whoever owns Willies, you might want to drug test your staff. Like, all of them. But then again, the only people who would enjoy eating at an establishment like that have to be drunk or high. I mean, it's the only way you can get away with eating at a roach infested hole in the wall without flinching. 
If you are sober minded and enjoy spending your money on well-prepared food and great service PLEASE DO NOT EAT HERE!Worst place ever! The service sucked and the chicken wasn't all that it was cracked up to be. They took our order, didn't give us a receipt, and forgot about us. Save yourself the trouble and go to Popeyes instead!Cooked chicken in burnt grease and when I complained manager said it's too busy and I'm not changing my oil and went to get the cops!!! Really? Paying customer with legitimate complaint and you go get the cops? I'll never go to this establishment again! Grease is black!  Cook even agreed it was burnt but said he can't change! Manager should be fired!Not a bad place if you want to binge on junk food. Daughter loved the fries. The $5 Jambalaya was expensive for about 6 or 7 spoons of rice with 3 small pieces of Chicken in it. Its on Canal street and convenient to walk from a lot of hotels nearby. Lots of tables to sit inside.We stopped in to pick up lunch and left a shopping bag at the table when we left. To our surprise, when we returned to see if anyone turned it in, one of the employees advised it was returned and placed at the counter. When she went to retrieve it for us, it was nowhere to be found. The on duty manager, who was also there when we left the shopping bag, stated she had no idea what we were talking about. What a shame- good, honest people return a lost item to the store for lost and found, but somehow gets lost again in the hands of the store employees!Willies Chicken is everywhere and for a good reason. The chicken is great. Sauces are good. And the frozen drinks are awesome. Must go.Saw people come in after us and get their food before us. The worst. When we asked about our food, they said there were only a few orders before us. Mind you, these were people that came in way after us. Bullshit and not cool. I normally don't write bad reviews but you guys deserve this for a 40 minute wait and pushing us to the side. Keep up the crummy work guys. I was so angry, (it takes me a lot to get me mad) I left without any sauces. Even if your food is good, this won't get the bad taste out of my mouth for you. . I even tipped you guys when I ordered. Never again.I made my first ever stop at a Willie's Chicken Shack and let me say, it absolutely blew me away. I came here around noon yesterday and it was absolutely packed (for good reason). I spent about 20 mins in line to order (which is absolutely not a problem) and when the time finally came, I ordered some fried chicken with some French fries on the side (side note, the cashier was super friendly). How was the fried chicken? Well, I think the word to describe it would be "GLORIOUS". The chicken was so juicy, hot, tender, and was absolutely amazing. I swear, which each bite the chicken got even better. On top having amazing chicken, the fries were also delicious! Overall, this is definitely I place I would return to when I come back to New Orleans, amazing place!Placed an order, waited 30 minutes, no food. Despite there bring plenty of chicken sitting in the ready window, they simply were not serving it. Ridiculous waste of time.When I first arrived in NOLA, I couldn't wait to try out the authentic southern food from the local restaurants. So when I saw this apparent fast food joint, I thought to myself, "Nahhhh, I didn't come all the way here for fried fast food." That was until I had 1 singular fry from my friends plate... I ended up tearing it up! I ended up coming back the very next day to get the Seafood Platter. I have yet to try the chicken but I'm so in love with the Seafood platter, so why ruin a good thing? LOL I Wish we had a Willies Chicken Shack in Cali sooooo bad! Even the biscuits are delicious! This place reminds me of Popeyes, but SO much better!!
Staff could be nicer though..We only had an hour for lunch during the meetings, so we needed a quick bite. Willie's was a great pick. Their chicken was crispy outside and soft inside. Combo came with biscuit and one side. Honey based biscuit was sweet and crunch. For a choice of sides, I chose jambalaya which was just okay. Overall we enjoyed it very much. I would come back but pick other side dishes.I had a great meal here. The food was fresh and crisp. The service was friendly and fast. My tenders were plump and juicy. The thighs had a wonderful crisp skin and the right amount of grease. This fried chicken is better than KFC back in New York. They menu is limited, which might not be a bad thing. I was disappointed that I couldn't order single pieces of chicken. All of the menu items are combo platters.After a night out on Bourbon Street, my friends and I stumbled upon Willie's at 1:00am on a weekend. The restaurant was crowded with folks trying to get their fix of comfort food before retiring for the night. The food took over 20 minutes to come out, which is quite long for a fast food joint, but slightly more understandable given how packed the place was. 
8 Pieces Just Chicken - 3 stars
Each table has a variety of 5 sauces that you can dip your chicken into - secret sauce (thousand island?), BBQ, honey mustard, hot sauce, and ketchup. The meat was juicy and the skin was crispy. I'd rate it around the same caliber as Popeye's.
Biscuit - 4 stars
Fresh out of the oven! These biscuits were super soft and chewy. I actually enjoyed them more than the chicken.I eat chicken tenders everywhere I go. I am a high class chicken tender connoisseur and these are the best chicken tenders I've ever had. I fear for my life in saying this, but they beat willie maes. And get a biscuit.Not greasy, and big pieces. I would rather have walked to Popeyes or Brothers.
Red Beans were flavorless.Willie's chicken has several locations in French Quarter and downtown, and it was a minute away from my hotel so I decided to try some soul food in NOLA.  
The staffs were really nice and quick to help me.  The interior was very colorful and fun, and they serve daiquiris with their chickens!
I did a takeout for 3pc chicken strips with cajun fries and biscuit.  Chicken had some chewy parts.  Cajun fries were good but bit too mushy.  I wantd a packet of honey for my biscuit but one emoloyee just decided to put honey on it for me....so that made it bit soggy too. 
I feel Popoye's chicken is better but I had the rest of the meal 5-6hrs later too, so maybe it didn't do it justice.  Next time in NOLA, I will nake sure to try their fried chicken fresh!This restaurant is a great quick casual place to eat. The fried chicken is juicy and tender. Be sure to use Willie's special sauce! The staff was very friendly and there was not a long wait once food was ordered. There are also alcoholic slushies available that you can sample and order.The chicken was seasoned better than popeyes. The buttermilk honey biscuits were the highlight on top of the great customer service the shack gave. This was a wkend visit and all i wanted was fried chicken other than popeyes and they did not let me down. Most definitely going back when i get a chance to visit willies shack and to the same exact location.  Great food and great drinks .Rude behavior is never acceptable. Don't open a register and not tell patrons you're closing it whom were already in the line before you made this decision. This is Mardi Gras, it should be all hands on deck.Soooo where do I start. You get Amazing Fried Chicken & Fish with Cajun style sides not to mention hot fresh biscuits. While your getting great food and decide you want a drink there is a Full Margarita Bar with a variety of flavors. I HAVE NEVER SEEN Chicken and Margaritas at the same counter! This MUST BE a NOLA thing!! The food was beyond good and the owner must have OCD because the public restrooms have a code from your receipt that you must utilize to accessthe rest room! Never seen that either but I appreciate a clean public bathroom. So I really had to go.... had to use the men's and it was SUPER CLEAN that was a first!This place is full of fuckery serious fuckery and delicious chicken.  There will be drunk folks stealing tips jars, assfucks trying to skip you in the queue , when the number 69 is called out people will holla but the chicken is delicious the biscuits are tasty you can skip the fries and get yourself a gooey cakeChicken was good, other food was just ok. Everything is over priced. Daiquiris are good and they have a good selection. Employees were very nice and the place was clean.First time here! Great place to eat a regular meal or for the late night after drinking! The voodoo slushy was strong and the Cajun tenders with red beans and rice was delicious! Highly recommend the Willie's special sauce. Would definitely eat here again.Good food for what it is (the In N Out of New Orleans), but incredibly rude and hostile workers. Not welcoming and tense environment. Go to a nicer place if you care about atmosphere or being treated nice.Food was fab, music was great and service was fast. Highly recommend. I'll come back to this spot for a quick and comfy bite.I'm not going to understate it...this could have been the best fried chicken I've ever had.  Breading was fantastic and the meat was tender.  Three nice sized pieces of chicken.  Amazing flavor.  My side of red beans and rice was average at best, but stop for the fried chicken.
We did eat at this location because it was close to our hotel but there are multiple locations on Bourbon Street as well.  As the sign says, food so good you will slap yo mama!Good was really hot and tasty, went there before Bourbon street to get something in our stomach and it was a great fast stop, I was very satisfied not only by the portions but also the service. The gentleman behind the register was very friendly and offered free info on where to go have a drink.Guess the Chicken shack does not use Yelp. First time-it was an extremely clean establishment. Staff was friendly, and chicken was tasty. Im not big on fried chicken, but this was pretty good. They offer a selection of beer or frozen alcoholic beverages. Ambiance is loud,music blaring...just an overall cool spot.A must stop on the Canal St. Not sure what time they close, I remember going around 3 am, so maybe all night. They have amazing jalapenos and alcoholic beverages. Beer on tap and margaritas as well. Super good chicken, mild, spicy, or in between. My favorite there was the jambalaya.You will find more than one of these restaurants within close proximity of each other so take your pick! We just so happened to patronize this one as a family of four around 10pm on a Tuesday night. The seating is plentiful, the prices are moderate but this location was lacking in customer service. The staff wasn't friendly at all. 
This was our first time trying the brand and I will say I enjoyed my chicken strips and fries. However, the best part of my meal and is what we keep me coming back is their honey biscuits. They are like nothing I have tasted anywhere else. GET THE BISCUITS! I also tasted my husbands red beans and rice. It was just okay to me. It wasn't an authentic New Orleans red beans and rice, more of a commercial red beans and rice, similar to Popeye's.
For it to be so late at night, I feel it is an appropriate atmosphere for children. They had a security guard there on duty. The place got crowded really quick.
They keep track of orders by giving you a number to place on your table after you order your meal. They were rather fast with getting people serviced.
There is NO Parking, its conveniently located for walking if you are staying on Canal Street or within the French Quarter.My boyfriend and I were coming from VA, we've had a bunch of fast food fried chicken places but have yet to try Willie's.
We opted for 3 piece Chicken Tenders meal comes with a biscuit and a side $9. We chose jambalaya (rice) as our side I think the chicken wings are alright the strong points here are the tenders and biscuits. I could eat those biscuits all day. I never had a biscuit so moist and sweet in my life. I can't stand when they're dry nooo these are def the opposite. Don't forget to try the sauces on the table. I think out of all the locations we passed on Bourbon this one is a lot more nicer and roomier.
I had no problem with the service at all, for it was slow when we arrived about 5 pm on a Monday. Will come back just to order the 3 pc tenders and biscuits.This was some really good chicken. Good late night bite. It came out super hot. The staff was really friendly. Love the biscuit. And the drinks was strong. That Hurricane snuck up on me. Lol. Definitely will be going again before my trip ends.I must say I came here after being on a binge of eating New Orleans amazing seafood. I wanted to eat something simple and quick so I decided to come to Willie's Chicken Shack. It was quick but nonetheless it was not simply. I got the 3 pcs fried chicken meal and it was amazing. The chicken was fried crispy and was very moist. The chicken is seasoned very well and made me want to eat every piece. The fries are crispy just like I like them and have a nice flavor. I actually ate here twice and the first time I had the shrimp basket. The shrimp was fried crispy and to perfection. While waiting I decided to get a frozen daiquiri with my meal. I settled on the pina colada made with Bacardi rum. I must say that the drinks are very strong but they taste really good. The bartender recommended that I mix the strawberry daiquiris and and the pina colada daiquiris together to tone down the alcohol. Her recommendation was accurate and very appreciated. I definitely got a nice buzz from their daiquiris. I can not remember her name but she was definitely a very nice and friendly young lady. Overall, I would definitely visit this spot again. Even if I was not purchasing food, I would stop in just to get one of their amazing drinks.Amazing Louisiana comfort food.
Great taste and super crispy.
Chicken was delicious, slecially the chicken tenders. If you need a great place to try new Orleans fried chicken this is the place.Totally left the bar after a holiday party thinking I'm going to go to McDonald's or Taco Bell or some run-of-the-mill generic fast food joint stop at Willie's Chicken Shack on Canal Street great experience management staff is on point food is amazing TVs playing current news and sports daiquiri shop is clean and crisp no complaints excellent experienceI swear Willie's is like a liquor store in New Orleans. One in every corner.. Served chicken with all the fixings. And even have all the strong drinks and beer. Almost one stop shop. You can also come back later when you're pretty tipsy and feel a little hungry. 
I tried the chicken. I'm ok with it. I have tasted better. Nothing significant to it.. a good cure when you need something to suck up all your liquor in your system. 
I love how it's convenient it is.. So many available, Has all the strong drinks, served beers and other things. You can start your night here or end it here!Best chicken in town!! It's seasoned well, the skin is crispy, and the meat is juicy. This chicken had me eating the skin and I don't even eat the skin!Ok so I was kind of hesitant to go in because it was empty. But we were on our way to the Whitney Plantation tour and it was about an hour drive so we wanted to get something quick. Checked out the reviews one more time and we went in. Honestly the chicken was pretty good tasted fresh and it was seasoned. The biscuits were soft and yummy especially with the honey. They also have the daiquiri machines and they had some great flavors we end up getting souvenir cups. Oh and it did get crowded not too long after we ordered. the vibe is really cool they play r&b music and  they have a decent amount of seats if you want to dine in. Ok so we actually went here three times during our stay lol mostly for the drinks we can chicken anywhere. The customer service was awesome. The cashier let us sample as may flavors as we wanted and then did a cute swirl mix that was really good. The cashier also recommended this gooey dessert thing and chiiiiiild let me tell you thang was shhhhweeet you need one gallon of water per bite lol. Im glad we went there it sucks some people didnt have good experiences but my experience was pretty cool folks. Check it outLord where do I began ‍ okay so I came here right after the OTRII concert with Beyoncé and Jay Z and the line was out the door because it was on a Thursday and everything else on canal was closed. This was my first time trying this place So after waiting in line for about 10 minutes I decided I was going to dine in since it took so long to place my order (this was at 1 am). The girl that placed my order was really nice and friendly. So once's they gave me a number and sat down I had two ladies sit down at the table beside me that was behind me in the line. While I was waiting I noticed that other people had been waiting close to an hour for food so I was gearing up to wait even longer for food. After about 30 minutes I saw that people that placed there order after me had gotten there food and me and the other two ladies sitting across from me both noticed it and got confused af! So we decided that if it got to an hour and no one brought our food then we would go find a manager. So of course one hour passed and me and the other ladies found the manger running around like a crazy person & scrambling to help his staff. When we finally got his attention about our food he told us that they had lost all of the tickets and people was just taking random food as they were being passed out! So at this point is 2 am and I'm like okay so can we get our food and he took our receipts (thank God we kept them) and started to get our food prepared. So by the time my food was being plated I asked the other cashier who was a short Hispanic/black looking female if I could have a extra biscuit for my wait and she told me no and throw my food into the bag which really pissed me off. Once she walked away I asked one of the cooks if I could have one and they gave me one. Once the cashier returned I asked if they had any of the special sauce to-go and she once again responded with a attitude and told me no so at they point I was anger and hungry so I take my food and sit down and she told me that after all that time I waited that I couldn't eat my food there because there because they had just closed! Wtf! So me and several other customers was beyond pissed and luckily the cashier that placed my order decided to do damage control (because the manger wasn't) and offered us a free bottled drink and some desert. Once I finally got to my hotel room to eat at 4 am the two biscuits were not cooked completely and the jambalaya looked like wet dog food, the only thing that saved the meal was the chicken tenders. This was a waste of time and I won't be returning!How I wish I could take this place back with me to Atlanta. The food was piping hot and fresh and I just loved the special sauce and hot sauce. So glad I stopped in here. My friend had the wings and said they were just okay. The chicken tenders were so well flavored and delicious!Love me some Willies. Was in New Orleans for 3 days and ate there 3 times!!! lol The food was always consistently delicious and service was fast and friendly. Let's talk about those biscuits tho...!!!!I'd rather be in st charles towne centre. Waldorf MD. I now hate new orleans because of this place. I walked to the counter and asked for chicken and they said fu*k you we dont have anymoreY'all were pretty good but I don't think I'll be coming back to the one on bourbon st. The chicken was a little over done but that BISCUT OOOOOOOO BABY WAS IT GOOD! 
Maybe a different location would have been better but all over our Lyft drivers said willies chicken and we went but it good, not great.Must have been a very off day for this place. The music was so loud I had to keep asking the cashier to repeat herself. The chicken and biscuits looked like they were coming off a warmer and weren't fresh and it SHOWED. The chicken was so-so (I've had better at an grocery store tbh) and the biscuits were bone dry. The  jambalaya and red beans and rice were not bad. Turned my husband and I off trying another willies. So disappointed because a lot of friends and family have raved about it.I visited this establishment and received very poor service. The line was extremely long and I expected to have a wait. What I didn't expect was to wait nearly two hours only to have to request my money back due to NOT receiving my order. The staff completely stop taking orders, cleaned the entire facility and upon taking orders began from the back of the line. I will NEVER visit this establishment againThis place was great for a quick bite. We ordered the three piece meal and the two piece meal with jambalaya. Everything was delicious. The chicken was fried crispy and fresh, the jambalaya was so flavorful and the biscuits only were worth going back for more. This place was right next to our hotel and we would definitely come back here.  
DeliciousI enjoyed the hell out of this chicken. I was bringing carryout back to the hotel and placed and order for 3 strips and a side. Some guy came running through hollering about it's his favorite chicken in the world. So I added to my order a 2 piece dark meat with sides. Man oh man it was great. I enjoyed the jambalaya and red bean rice side and found the biscuits 'good', apparently they are a huge hit with some but not my fave. Solid chicken and sides.Yum! We grabbed a quick lunch here on our last day in New Orleans. The fried chicken is better than your average KFC or fast food chicken. And OMG the honey biscuit is ridiculous. It's basically butter and honey and it melts in your mouth. And don't forget to try all of the sauces.Mom said her gumbo was good, but only ate half of a very small portion. What does that tell you?Beer on tap was so overpriced I couldn't believe it. $8 for a plastic cup of Bud Light! The place has chicken in their name so I ordered that.  I was so DISAPPOINTED! The tenders were dry and tough and tasteless. I tried every sauce on the table and none were worth writing home about. The French Fries were good, though. That's the only reason they got two stars instead of one star. 
Over priced and blasé food. Fuggedaboudit.Amazing chicken hands down! I know it's a franchise, but the chicken was so good. We had the two piece white meat just to have a taste. Only negative is, we should have ordered more!Soooo where do I start. You get Amazing Fried Chicken & Fish with Cajun style sides not to mention hot fresh biscuits. While your getting great food and decide you want a drink there is a Full Margarita Bar with a variety of flavors. I HAVE NEVER SEEN Chicken and Margaritas at the same counter! This MUST BE a NOLA thing!! The food was beyond good and the owner must have OCD because the public restrooms have a code from your receipt that you must utilize to access the rest room! Never seen that either, but I appreciate a clean public bathroom. So I really had to go.... had to use the men's and it was SUPER CLEAN that was a first!Saw the advertisements and it looked good.  One server was great the rest were awful.  One was smoking a black and mild.  The chicken was not made to order.  I ordered the tenders and it was cold.  The hurricane was outstanding.  I will go back, but this was average.Fried chicken and fries totally hit the spot! Biscuit had a hint of sweetness that was delicious.Much easier to get in out at this location when you just want to get some food and miss out on the Bourbon Street crowds. Food great and fresh as alwaysThis place is amazing. Recommended to me by a buddy of mine. I love chicken and this is their specialty. Their menu is very diverse and they offer a lot of side dish options. If you are in a hurry and looking for a quick snack, in between seeing the New Orleans sites I recommend this spot! 3.4/5I didn't like the food here at all, although my friend did enjoy it. It just tasted ok, but I've had better at KFC & Popeyes. There's two locations right on bourbon street & my friend &  I went into both & I can't recall if this is the location I was at with my friend, or where I was getting my order...however...I was going to get a order, just to grab something quick. Once I placed my order & was about to hand my money to the cashier she jumped, screamed & ran while looking at the floor because it was a mouse running around 8( as I put my money back into my wallet, I RAN OUT THIS PLACE! Regardless of what location, I tasted my friends food & I would never go back into either. F.Y.I my friend got her food from the non-mouse location.Great service. ..hot food and and it also delicious. ..the shrimp and frozen drinks were awesomeWe had such bad experience with this location . We came in at 1.30pm and placed an order of 3 piece chicken mix. After half an hour, all those people who ordered behind us all got their chicken and left. I became the last waiting and the guy who fried the chicken literally gave my chicken to his "brother" and said I wanted to wait. I tried to taIk to him and he gave me so much bad attitude. I did not say shit about waiting and he was just being racist because we are Asian. I don't know how this location still stands on canal and if I can give no star, that was it. This location needs to be shut down soon!The chicken is pretty good but they "don't do cups of water." That shouldn't even be legal.Need a quick bite? Willie's is your spot! There's plenty of them scattered throughout NOLA. Get the chicken tenders as they are made fresh. The fried chicken isn't. You gotta be there at the right time for that. Combos don't come w/ a drink, so you're gonna be spending about $15. They also offer frozen drinks. 
Due to this being so close to Bourbon street, you get homeless and drunks stumbling in.We finally stopped by on our way back to our AirBnB. We ordered the Cajun chicken tenders. They were not lying, this chicken was delicious!!! It was hot, crunchy and perfectly seasoned. I couldn't get enough. If we were in town longer, I would've been back for sure.It was a rainy day in NOLA and we were on foot. We'd just gotten off the St Charles trolley at the Bourbon St at Canal stop. We ran to the first place we could find to seek dryness and to eat some food. We ended up here on that Thursday at noonish. 
There was plenty of available seating as there was only one other couple dining. The gal at the register was super nice. She took our order, gave us a table number and we had a seat. We didn't wait super long. There's more seating way in the back, which is where we sat to keep warmer (the front of the shop is opened up to the street). 
When the food came, it was piping hot! Too hot to eat but I'd rather it hot than cold so, bonus. The chicken fingers were ok, a little grisly and chewy. The red beans and rice, as per my husband, were also "ok"; he said they were a lot like Popeyes. The kid had the cheese fries because there's no kids' meals. She didn't eat many; they were too cheesy (like a strong cheddar) even for her... and she's a cheese hound. 
At the table, there are three sauces for chicken; hot sauce, honey mustard and Willie's Special sauce. It had a nice kick to it. It tasted like a mix of the other two sauces. 
We did think it was a tad over priced for what you get. We were just over $30 for our order. 
So, we weren't super impressed but it was food and that's what we were looking for. It gave us a nice, dry spot to sit and eat before we headed back out into the storm on foot.Definitely a great place to go when you are partying on bourbon street. Delicious chicken, fries and biscuits. Even the cat fish is great. Quick, easy chain fast food.Absolutely loved the fried chicken.  The flavor and crunch were undeniably Louisiana.  Great chain chicken spot for a quick bite.  We loved it!Excellent chicken and best biscuits around! Cashier isn't the greatest, but the food and drinks are great! Definitely a stop anytime I'm in New Orleans with time to kill and a bit of an appetite!This chicken was some of the best I had while in NOLA. On a late night or anytime you want a little snack this place fulfills your needs. Not only do they have good chicken but the frozen daiquiri machine drinks are great too. There are several tasty flavors that they let you mix & match & you can get it in a cute little container to keep. The fries are just ok & greasy but perfect after a night of partying. The chicken is very well seasoned & I didn't even need sauce for my chicken fingers. I'll definitely come again.I wouldn't have normally eaten here, but was with a family member who wanted to give it a try. I finally decided to go in and see what it was about. First, the prices are crazy expensive. $11 for a 2 piece meal?!? Plus, they won't let you buy additional pieces of chicken a la carte. With that said, the food came out very hot. I personally thought my chicken could have been fried longer AND it was too greasy. The biscuits are amazing though. I doubt I'll ever return because the chicken is soooo much better at Gus's Fried Chicken.Food was ok. We came around 9:30pm it was a little busy but we visited the Canal St location and got a 4 piece meal with fries, the fries were OK & the chicken was seasoned well but nothing I would crave unless I had a really drunk night. The biscuits were good. The best part were the 2 mice running across the back kitchen area and that was enough to toss my food in the trash can.Awesome, love their biscuit and chicken! Staff are friendly, they do have some good variety of drinks too!Was in NOLA last week when 'Barry' shut it down.  I commend the outfits that braved the weather and stayed open for our sustenance and amusement but I was very disappointed in what I got from here.  
Maybe it's because you have to take it to go and by the time it arrived at my hotel the chicken was soggy and the French fries were limp.  As for the taste, I gotten better chicken from Popeyes and I didn't want the fries; tried to substitute for red beans and rice.  No go so I had to pay for a side.  The red beans are the only reason for the two stars. 
I understand there are several locations, maybe next time I'll try a different one.Customer service was excellent!   The 3 piece chicken tenders were amazing.  The chicken is moist and the fried crispy outer layer was flaky.   The seasonings ate perfect. My biscuit was delicious and honey flavored.  The side was also delicious.  
The restaurant is clean and inviting.  I enjoyed the huge WillieSuper understaff and SLOW at night after 10pm. If you can't handle the customers just close the store earlier.Willie's Chicken Shack is a place for the best fried chicken in New Orleans and their specially made sauce is oh so good.  The chicken and sides are very tasty, and they are cooked up fresh. Willie's serves  a variety of drinks with local appeal that many travelers drink in or take out, with or without the chicken.The location is on Canal right in the middle of everything.  If you are coming in from a fun night on Bourbon then make a stop at Willies to finish off your night right.Willies is a winner.
Anyone looking for great chicken (fresh) not frozen eat here. It is definitely the "big easy". Walk in the huge open store front and find a seat on the hightop tables or small picnic tables. No rush to leave, enjoy thehuge TV screens, beer, chicken tenders, 5 sauces, great biscuits. We finished our meal and sat for 30 minutes and,watched a game on TV no pressure to give up table. Locals and tourists alike.  Willie does it right.Loved willies. Our flight was delayed and was the only quick bite to eat that was close to our condo. I was not disappointed, I ordered the two piece white. This cake with fries, biscuit and drink. The food was smoking hot and had to wait a second to eat. This is important to me when rating restaurants. If the food is cold that is a no no for me. The food was great and the staff was so pleasant to all of us. Would go back for sure.I mean, if you're hungry and don't mind the high volume of people and music, it's a great place to stop while browsing the city.Straight legit chicken spot. I had the chicken tenders with fries and a side of red beans and rice! So yummy. Late night bar food or quick afternoon snack or lunch.  Highly recommend...chicken tenders are better than Popeyes. Just my opinion!Great place to have a midnight meal! It's right in New Orleans and after a day or night of drinking it's a great meal with a drunk atmosphere.
Had the chicken tender meal and let me just say the chicken is FRESH made to order!
    I must say though, the fresh honey biscuit is something to die for, and I don't even care to sweet items. Oh, be sure to try their home made sauces, too.The homemade chicken and fried shrimp are wonderful at Willie's.  My lady loved their Bloody Mary.  Come hungry leave happy at Willie's Chicken.  I highly recommend you try Willie's Special sauce on your chicken.  It is tangy and good.  We visited again on the second day of our stay and we're disappointed they do not serve fried shrimp on weekends.  We had to go to another fish place where the shrimp was expensive and not tasty.I just want to write a review for this Willie's. Thank you for hosting us Willie's!! Your service to our group of 41 was greatly appreciated!! We chose you because of the ambiance and atmosphere in your resto but most of all because of the food and your team! Shoutouts to the Manager Mamie Lee and her great team who cooked for us some fresh great fried chicken and let us have a nice time with our party of 41!! Mamie Lee's team and crew members - Simone White, Deshonte Johnson, Orlando Berthlong and Jermert Williams took care of us so well with their professionalism and cooked everything fresh while serving us all so quickly !! I thought Mamie Lee was the owner and the rest of her staff came to our tables individually and served us!! They all deserve to be managers!! Thank you guys once again!! We will come back some day!!Wasn't anything special. I only had the drinks since they're so heavily advertised. It was good but nothing to write home aboutHeard about this place and was super disappointed. First off my wife and I walk in and wanted to order,but they had rap music playing so loud you could barely talk over it! Service was okay. Chicken was okay. But I'm pretty sure I could get better chicken at my local grocery store deli. Overall not impressed and won't be back.Some of the best fast food fried chicken. Their red beans and rice are also very yummy. As with any fried chicken, make sure to request chicken that is fresh out of the fryer. It is key, especially at a fast food joint.Stopped by Willie's on my last morning in NOLA. My friend kept on recommending this place so I just had to see what the fuss was all about.
I had never heard of it until she mentioned the place to me. This might be a dumb comment for people who know Willie's but I genuinely am not sure... Is this place related to Wet Willie's? ha ha I'm not even sure if they have a Wet Willie's in Louisiana but the daiquiris are making me think they're somehow connected...
Anywho, I ordered the fried chicken, biscuits and jambalaya meal. Everything was good especially the biscuits! Damn! Is that better than KFC biscuits or what?!
It was early morning when I came here but they were playing club music LOL I liked it though.Out here in New Orleans on business and got away for a few so took advantage of the opportunity and went downtown. Been wanting to check out Willie's for awhile but it always got trumped by pizza (I'm a pizza fanatic) but this day we hit the one on Canal St.  no pizza to compete with. It was ok not nasty not brag-worthy either. I feel they were a bit overpriced. I would try them again if convenient but wouldn't make a special trip for it.I have to admit that I was just walking by and when I saw the fried chicken inside, I just had to walk-in and place an order.
To my surprise and great sanctification, the fried chicken was wonderful. In fact, the sign outside said it is so good, you will slap your mama, so I took a pic of that sign and sent it to my mother (she laughed).This is the type of place you have to go at least once when in NOLA. It is pretty much fried chicken and they have a bunch of daiquiris to choose from. The chicken is pretty yummy, but if you don't like spice food it might be too spice for you even if you get the regular non spicy chicken.
The daiquiris are great and strong so if you are not much of a drinker like me you should get the small size. 
Overall the experience was good as always but I feel they are overpriced for the type of food served.If I could give this place a no star I would. They never brought me my food then I went and asked where the fuck is my food so they said they would make me another meal then they give that shit away too. Bad service. Stay clear.Best chicken   I have ever had in my life. My husband got the 3 piece mix and I got the 2 piece mix. All I can say is WOW. The meat was coming right off the bone . All white meat chicken and the breading the perfectly crisp. It was out of this world delish. We both got it with their French fries and they were pretty good too. Topped both the chicken and fries with Willie's Special Sauce- that was amazing and went great with the meal. For drinks we both ordered Willie's Cocktail slurpee drink. AMAZING! For something that had everclear vodka and barcardi 151 rum in it we didn't feel too messed up over them. They were very refreshing actually. It had like a mango fruit punch flavoring. We truly enjoyed this lunch.Disclaimer, I live in Nashville we have great chicken so I truly don't want it away from the ville. So this is a clean resturant on canal st as you enter the staff is very friendly,  ordered the breast quarter the chicken is very crispy and seasoned well. It was good . Thats allWe wanted something close to the hotel tonight so we stopped by Willie's Chicken Shack - we both ordered chicken tenders w/ fries. For some reason our order took forever to come out (about 4 people ordered after us received food first) but no big deal we're in NOLA and it's busy I understand. Once we got the food I asked for sauces on the side, we got ranch, honey mustard and the secret sauce - all were great! I will be coming back here when I'm back in town. Great spot on Canal.Willies chicken shack was a place me and my mom visited out of curiosity! I must say, I'm thoroughly impressed with the food, service and drinks! I'm from San Antonio, so the chicken joint sure as hell made a lasting impression on us! We are going to be back Willie's!Fantastic chicken - better than KFC or Popeye's...crispy and delicious...the highlight was the biscuit = super tasty!!! 
Don't forget to get yourself one of the flavorful cocksReminded me of a chicken place in Dallas TX! Staff was friendly. Chicken was crispy and had good flavor! Biscuits are so delicious sweet and soft like I like them! Frozen drinks are just ok not  enough liquor taste more like 7 eleven slushy to me. Other than that food is good a little expensive but good flavor! Would recommend!good chicken especially with their choices of sauce. wait time was a bit long and service was blah but chicken was good.The chicken is really good but it takes forever. Late at night it can take 45 minutes to get your food. They fresh make the chicken but the wait is just ridiculous.YEP YELP!!!!!!!
I was walking and came across this place that said, "Chicken so good, you will slap ya mama." Well, I didn't want to fly back home to do that (and I love my life), so I kept walking UNTIL I saw the daiquiris !!!!!! Welp, that's where they got me. Now I'm a sucker for a good daiquiri and I figured it was time to live a little on vacay. So, the bartender came over and I started sampling the flavors. I have to be honest....I'm a Wet Willie's girl and Fat Tuesday's flavors aren't long enough for my taste buds nor flavorful. However, I think this place has surpassed my favorite (pouring out a little daiquiri for my old love).....
I ended up purchasing the Piña Colada mixed drink with Hurricane Willie. I told the bartender to stack the flavors like the rainbow, cause' I'm extra like that. Needless to say, she got a tip for a job well done and customer service. 
I say, THIS PLACE IS A GO TO if you're into daiquiris, mixed drinks, vodka and white rums. They made me turn on Wet Willie's; they're probably family...so, they'll make up later after this review lol 
Next time, I may try the chicken. I'll apologize to my mother in advance if it's really as good as the drinks and what they say. Just hope I'm able to continue to write reviews, if she breaks my hand.
Signing off,
Until my next Junkie fix...Better jambalaya than I thought and fun souvenir cups. These are sprinkled all over New Orleans and it's my favorite fast food joint in the areaHeard it's famous and love the decoration.
Chicken is made to order, still super hot when served. 
Several kinds of sauce to choose from.
Taser is not bad, but not super impressive. It's nice to try, and some pieces are huge.If you're looking for some good fried chicken eats, def try Willie's.  Super quick, cheap, and delicious.  I got a 2-piece dark meal and it was so good.  The breading was just the right amount and the seasoning wasn't over powering.  The honey biscuit was the bonus Jonas.
Best part, Willie's is everywhere downtown so you won't miss an opportunity to stop at one.This place really sucked ordered a 2 pieces combo,it came with a leg & thigh of chicken. I wanted 2 thighs.they told me they can't sell it that way, nor just let me  pay an up charge or buy an extra piece that I wanted.  How is it that they sell chicken? but won't allow you to buy the pieces that you want Or maybe substitute one piece. even if you offer to pay extra kind of ridiculous ,guess I'll have to settle for POPEYE'S or KFC. On top of that they had one person taking order and it took 20mins to place my order.SMH !!!This was probably one of the tastiest fries chicken i had in a while! They honey biscuits were really good! They alcoholic slushees were also one my favorite! This little spot is nice and clean. The service was pretty good and the food came out pretty quick. They had little sample cups if you wanted to try any of the slushies.The fried chicken was juicy and delicious, and I got a MASSIVE breast. I was honestly surprised​ at how good​ it was! My friend got the fried​ catfish and that was also amazing. I got jambalaya for my side and it wasn't bad. The honey biscuit​ in there was SO GOOD, I would definitely recommend this place.Had passed by this place a few times when visiting and finally decided to stop and give it a try. The chicken is pretty much al a Carte besides a biscuit and the sides are extremely overpriced for the portion size. Overall the experience was and the chicken wings were good as well as the red beans and rice.A great chicken joint with lots of beer and frozen drinks. Ate here while visiting NOLA. Turns out it's a bit of a chain but doesn't have that feel. Great music and vibe. The food was amazing and the sauces on the table were great. Quick bite worth the price. We had the tenders and fried chicken both were hot and tasty.This review is only for the frozen daiquiris. We've been to Willies before and had their chicken but that was the location on Bourbon. This time we just stopped in for the daiquiris. I completely forgot they had froze daiquiris. They have a few different flavors to choose from. They come in a tall slender container. My husband and I usually get one and share. We are pretty basic and get common flavors! Lol! We got the Strawberry and Pina Colada. It was good and of course fruity. The alcohol content seems reasonable. It might give you a slight buzz depending on your tolerance. I don't think it's enough to make you drunk. Overall, it's a nice size frozen Daiquiri and the flavors are good.I came to this place in April during a conference. This place was close to my hotel and I ended up coming here the day I left because I tried another one on Bourbon Street (after a nice night of drinks) and it was delicious!
The biscuit is hot and delicate, the fries are nice and seasoned and the fried chicken was the juicy and greasy it's supposed to be! The skin was crunchy, but not hard and soft, but not soggy.
I still have cravings now that I'm back home.. anyone know of a comparable fried chicken spot?? Lol
It can be pricey for what it is and meals don't come with drinks. I can't speak about the tenders, but the 2 times from the 2 different locations and 2 different times of day I had the fried chicken, it was yummy, fresh and too hot to eat right away. I recommend trying it at least once if you're in NOLA!You can't miss Willies ! There is about three or four of them in the quarter alone and the one on canal street is so open you can smell the good food from the sidewalk. Willies was the first place we tried on our first trip to NOLA and we were hooked!! The chicken is fried to perfection, there are so many amazing sauce options for their chicken, the biscuits are TO DIE FOR. Literally. The fries, chicken wings and daiquiris are also great! 
We had to go back to Willie's the next day because the food was that great!Blah chicken, spiked with juice and spices but it's still dry....asked for no salt on my fries but the gal didn't tell me that the fries are already cover with spices...couldnt eat them...would have ordered a different side then.   Sure not the best fried chicken I've ever had.   I ordered 3 strips got mixed...maybe they could hear if they the turned down the music.The fried chicken was good, but this place loses a star from me because it is very overpriced for what it is. I was a bit disappointed by the lack of a signature sauce that is the norm for chicken places. But it's a nice atmosphere, and a good place to go if you're craving some fried chicken. All chicken is made to order, fresh, and good quality. The biscuits are unique and very good! I didn't feel particularly safe in terms of health and sanitation, COVID-wise. The employees were not wearing masks or gloves as far as I saw.We ordered the chicken tenders with Willie sauce, a spicy mayo and hot sauce based sauce, I think, it was spicy and delicious. The restaurant plays good/ratchet rap music. Nice atmosphere.The fried chicken was good and big pieces. Gumbo was awesome also. First time but not last. Will returnGreat fried chicken and even better biscuits. It took a little while to get the order ready, but it was worth it.I really enjoyed the chicken finger basket! The strips were seasoned! The fries were crisp!! And the biscuit was amazing!!! Skip the signature sauce because everything has a unique and distinct flavor worth savoring!Went in to get a slushee and left with a pina colada slushee and fried chicken. The chicken was super tasty and sooo good. Batter was crispy, lots of flavor with the spices used and chicken was moist (FF were good too). I'm so glad I didn't discover this gem when i arrived or else i would have just had Willies everyday; ok, maybe every other day. 
Highly recommend trying out Willies, wish they had them in CA!Had a craving for fried chicken at Willie's.  I heard many good things about chicken so I dropped by late at night and purchase 8 pieces of mixed fried chicken for $21.99 plus taxes. BTW, $21.99 was pricey for 8 pieces of fast food chicken only.  Normally, you'll get 2 drumsticks, 2 thighs, 2 breasts and 2 wings. What I got for the 8 pieces takeout was 3 drumsticks, 3 wings and 2 thighs and zero breast. I was told they ran out of chicken breast while I was waiting for my order.
People there were very friendly.  The chicken pieces were juicy and crunchy. Cooked golden brown.  Very good chicken.  Unfortunately, the price was much higher than one would expect from a fast food fried chicken place.  
Worth at least a taste if you enjoy good fried chicken.Place is small.   Service was so-so.  Chicken was absolutely EXCELLENT.  I'm a fan of Popeyes Chicken, and this place beat them out of the gate.  Portion size was good too.The best chicken I've had in a long time! Fresh af! Music set the vibe! So glad we stopped by!It was okay. You can see them flouring and seasoning the chicken right there which is great. The chicken was delicious and fresh. I regret that I couldn't eat the skin. The chicken was fried in such a way that the skin was a little tough and the chicken there became stringy and seemed as if it could get stuck in one's teeth. We ordered it with seasoned French fries which were also good. I didn't like the biscuit. Appreciation for fast food fried chicken depends on the palate, so to give context to mine I like Popeyes chicken and biscuits, but not KFC.Some of the BEST chicken and honey butter glazed biscuits my girls and I have ever had while on vacation!!! When you get a moment and you had too many grenades and fish bowl DRANKS, stop by Willie's and grab some good ol country, finger licking, SEASONED chicken.Can you believe there is a Chicken restaurant that won't sell you a piece of chicken?   You must buy the full combo meal including fries and this nasty biscuit.  As a diabetic, I wanted to treat myself to one single chicken breast, but they won't sell it that way.  You have to buy with combo carb overload including fries and biscuit.   F-Absolutely fantastic! We're visiting from DC and this is the best fried chicken I've ever had. The daiquiri was fantastic as well!Is this the best fried chicken ever? Nope. But is it better than KFC and Popeyes. For me it's a yes. 
If you craving fried chicken and wanna quick meal, definitely give it a shot. The honey biscuits are real good too.Stumbled upon this one after the boat tour. It was raining so we were literally trying to find the closest appealing food spot.
Very expensive for the menu... probably due to the location.
Menu was limited.. not all of the limited items were available to order. Food was just ok.
Decor was cute though. Uhm restroom situation was interesting...see pics.
No repeat for us.Nasty!!  We ordered the chicken tenders with fries and red beans and rice. The red beans were ok but the chicken tenders were gross. They had a fishy taste and was pretty much inedible and had to throw 8 tenders away. The biscuits that came with the meal were burnt. I heard great things about this place but from our experience it did not meet expectations nor will we be back.You can't go to New Orleans and not try willies It's the crunch for me! Popeyes doesn't even exist there! This is a 6 piece fried chicken wing meal with a honey butter biscuit so soft  and not dry making you choke like PopeyesThe music is to loud. There was no soap in the bathroom either. Was not impressed with the food. Tasted more like Popeyes. Too much breading.This spot is quick and easy if you're in the area!
Just as an FYI to other people, they are checking proof of vaccination here; if you don't have it, I don't think you can get service here. I'm not sure what they do if you're not. 
We came here just for the drinks - the cups were hilarious so we figured why not? It was our first night in NOLA and we were just walking around when we decided to try the Cocktail - the stiffest drink. LOL. Definitely worth a try if you're nearby! It's fun how many places are doing the novelty cups right now. 
Service was quick, but for two drinks it was like $30. A little on the pricier side.This location was super busy. Stood in line longer thank I wanted to but it was with the wait. $15.00 for margaritas with 151 rum. Flavorful, tasty and yummy. Well worth it... I will returnTerrible terrible terrible !!! Waited 50 minutes after them ensuring us they hadn't forgotten about us only to find out 10 minutes later they actually HAD forgotten about us. Only one guy cooking while the other once danced around the lobby like he was tweaking on meth!! Girl taking orders clearly in another world too.Fast food basic dump. Unless you're wasted avoid this bad food and mediocre chicken. Just being real.We could not help ourselves and ordered one of each. Lol Service is pretty fast and it's affordable and everything is good.Price $
Customer Service - Staff was friendly 
Parking - Did not see parking, we walked here from our hotel at Harrahs about 1 block away.
First time visiting New Orleans, and glad to say this Chicken was the bomb. Ordered the 2 piece Dark (Thigh & Drumstick) and the chicken was fresh out of the fryer.
Loved the crispy skin and taste.  The 2 piece is a bargain and enough to fill you up and comes with fries.  Sauces available: Louisana Hot, barbeque & Honey Mustard.
Would I come here again? Hell Yeah....
I love Fried Chicken!Extremely disappointed in service as well as quality of food. Rude personnel. Food was poor quality.Just fresh and delicious. The staff was polite and very careful. Enjoyed my meal. The fries were very fresh and nicely seasoned. The fish was correct Now the Honey, butter biscuit was everything. The drinks were on point.My husband and I really enjoyed this restaurant. This is our first time in New Orleans and want be our last time. It was raining but it didn't stop us from trying this restaurant. WE WILL BE BACService was supeer  fast and friendly. The food was delicious. Stop by if looking for some  good chicken   and fries.I came here after a disappointing dinner at Cornet. I was not disappointed here. Great chicken. Great biscuit. Good fries. Service was extremely fast and friendly. They had my order out to me before I even put away my change after paying.Perfect meal after a night out in NOLA! Chicken strips were good, fries had great seasoning. Biscuit was a little thick but still good. Open late and right across from our Hotel!So, to be honest... this was my first time visiting a Willie's Chicken Shack sober. I've eaten Willie's a dozen times, but it was always after wild nights in the French Quarter. This location is really clean. It's really close to the Canal/Bourbon intersection and actually pretty close to the Popeyes on Canal. The employees were wearing masks and enforcing the mask mandate. They are taking dine-in customers, and it seems as if all of the tables are at least 6 feet a part. There is hand sanitizer everywhere. So overall, it seems super safe. The frozen daiquiri machines were off, but I went there for the food only. I wish they had more sides, but I don't think they have their full menu available right now. The manager made me fresh chicken. He told me that it'd be 15 minutes. I didn't have anywhere to go, so it was fine. The chicken, Lawd, was absolutely amazing. Fresh, crispy, tasty. The biscuit, BOMB! I almost bit my fingers off biting at that biscuit. The fries, well, they were just fries. Chicken, 5 stars. The biscuit, 5 stars. The fries, "thanks for your participation" certificate. The staff, 5 stars. Cleanliness... 5... Stars.A really wonderful fast food joint which is a rarity nowadays  This place really surprised me and the food was absolutely delicious as well it's worth a visit if you're in New OrleansGood times good chicken. We enjoyed trying this place and having it delivered to our hotel after a long day of walking around.This chicken and biscuit is delicious. Better than Popeyes in my opinion. This will definitely be a stop on my list the next time I come to New Orleans. They also have daiquiris, but I didn't get one.Overpriced 
I'm not sure if it is worth it for  only 8 pieces of regular chicken tenders for $18.99. Too expensive. I would not comeback here.The young lady working the register was SO nice. We asked questions and she was able to answer them and super nice about it. The other workers were nice as well. I got the 2 piece white and the wing was great but the breast was just too much breading for me. Fries and biscuit were delicious as well, really liked this location. Oh and don't forget to get a frozen drink, treat yourself!!!Amazing chicken, fries, and biscuits.  The orange sauce is amazing.  Tina the manager was very attentive and sweet.Everytime I'm in NOLA having Willies is a must.. it's good for a snack or just simply hangover food .. so tasty and flavorful. Make sure you check them out while your here! All locations are amazing!Our first time here and the lady who took our order was awful she was rude and unhelpful. However the food was absolutely delicious.I suggest the food!I had been drinking the slushy's at this carry out all week long and finally tried the chicken and it was really good and crispy. It smelled good but a New Orleans native told me it wasn't the best.  But I beg to differ. Even the fries and the biscuits are good. It tastes just as good as it smell and looks. Trust your own smell and taste buds.  People will attempt to ruin a good experience if you let them.Updating my review as I came back last night for a snack, and I decided to get their cocktail after all. The employee was sweet enough to allow me to sample 2 of her favorites. She suggested the 190 Willie's (orange) and the Willie's Hypnosis (blue). I was on the fence between the 2 Tito's Vodka options as I am a big fan of Tito's -- she said the cocktail and lemonade wasn't really worth my time and she'd rather cut to the chase and show me her top 2. I am so glad she did, and I ended up loving the Willie's Hypnosis. I wanted the souvenir really badly which is the plastic Willie's cocktail cup that I can take to go, and it was a lot of frozen daiquiri to commit to if you don't love it. I'd say it was worth the $15, and I had a buzz going. It reminded me of the drinks they had when I was in Vegas. Today, I tried their pizza and to be honest, it's not that good. It reminds of a cheaper version of New York Style pizza. The pepperoni is good, the crust is crispy, but I've had better pizza.If you are going to be in NOLA...its like an exhibit you must go to but I didn't find it to be any better than most chicken places. The prices...well...I'd argue they are high and I don't like that you can't switch the sides since they are the same price. Not to mention...where is the kids menu...I was trying to limit my portion size and just try the chicken. Anyway...it is seasoned well and very crispy. The breading was dark so I'm not sure how often they change grease. The red beans and rice was extremely watered down and had no flavor. Fries were soggy but that honestly could.have been because I got a to go order and they close it in bag which traps the moisture(so I'm not blaming). I know there are several locations so maybe some are better than others. I'll check back another time.Late night and quick eats. We stumbled upon his place, saw fried chicken and said why not?! Nothing beats southern fried chicken. You order at the counter and they call out your number when it's ready. We snagged a table; place was pretty busy.
I ordered the chicken tenders, biscuit, and jambalaya. The chicken was crispy with a tasty batter. The biscuit was glazed with some sweetness, best biscuits I have ever had. 
The service was good and the food was delicious. They offered quite a variety of pre mixed drinks too. If you're in the area and want quick and delicious fried food, check this place out. I know they have a few locations throughout the city so it's pretty popular and affordable. The only downfall, you will leave there smelling like fried foods lol.My chicken breast was huge but I love that they give honey mustard sauce w the chicken.Was waiting over 30 min for my food because they "lost" my ticket after I placed an order, smh. How do you lose someone's ticket? Anyways, the food was decent - just very greasy....but then again it is a chicken joint. I got the fried catfish and it was pretty good actually! I could definitely taste the cajun seasoning. And the biscuits were sooo sooo good! The biscuits stole the show in my option. I could eat a whole tray of those biscuits. The fries were okay, just greasy. They were one of the only places open that looked good and it didn't disappoint too much except for them losing my ticket.My husband was passing by Willie's while searching for a po boy for dinner, while he wasn't able to find a po boy at night. We decided to check out Willie's since they have several locations in the area, and they pride themselves for being famous for fried chicken in New Orleans. We had to see what the hype was all about. The skin was really crispy, the meat is tender, however my only critique is the amount of oil that soaked through the bed of fries, which made my fries soggy and into the piece of parchment paper. We are staying literally right up the street, it's a 2 minute walk here, and it was already like that by the time he brought it back. I'd say you'd have to dine in here if you don't want soggy fries. The biscuit is is made perfectly, buttery and flaky -- however, I didn't like how sweet the bread was. I guess it really comes down to your palette preferences, but the chicken is really good hands down. The fries and biscuit is something that I can personally take it or leave it. They also sell their food in combo meals, so you can't buy the chicken by itself or a la carte. I'd recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for some delicious fried chicken, and I plan on coming back before I leave this weekend to try their COCKtails (no pun intended).The best place for quick meal on bourbon street & other various places in NOLA! Their chicken, fries, and cornbread are addictive. We went once a day when we went haha. It gets packed but it's worth the wait, trust me! Best chicken tenders I've ever had.One of my favorite NOLA chicken chains. I have to grab some wings whenever I'm in the agency Quarter. This new location on Canal has easy access and the food is great! The drinks are great! You can't go wrong with Willie's!People alway want to make reference to Popeyes but I'm sorry to tell them that this place is way better every time I go to Nola Willies is a must I literally ate here every no lie lol the chicken is hands down the best well seasoned always hot and fresh fries Lort only thing is I need some honey but that's just me because I put honey on everything but it's definitely not needThe reason of the three stars chicken looks,smells,and is price pretty cheap down fall is the drinks are kool aid only they are not strong even with them saying it has 151 in it meaning a very strong rum they are very weak stick to the chicken don't waste your 12 dollars on a drink went there twice in New Orleans thought maybe if I go to a different location it would be better not at allWe ordered the buffalo chicken wings. The buffalo sauce was really good but the wings were so over cooked and dry. They were the worst wings I ever had. Probably will never go back. For such a good location in N.O I expected better.Ordered the chicken tenders basket that came with fries and a biscuit.   Man this place was good! Chicken was a mixture of crunchy, juicy tender goodness.  Biscuit was sweet and moist so it added a nice balance. My favorite part of it all was the amazing dipping sauces and I loved all of them from bbq to honey mustard.  I kinda wish they had one out here in the east bay, but if they did I could see myself getting addicted to it and getting my arteries clogged.My experience with Willies was good. I attempted to enjoy Willies on two separate occasions. My initial attempt was stifled by a baggage defect in which the sheer juiciness of the wings made the bag bust open. My juicy buffalo wings were strewn upon the street and I was devastated. I stared down onto the beautiful red color of the shack chicken and knew that bourbon street was now the owner of the chicken. I had to walk myself home wearing my new buffalo chicken disaster on my pants. On my second attempt, I absolutely slayed the buffalo wings. Absolutely savage next day effects though. 4 stars for the bag being crappy.This place absolutely has the best biscuits ever. It is a MUST try! The drinks are great, be careful, they are strong. I recommend the Willie's voodoo cocktail or Bloody Mary.I'm so sad they got rid of their biscuits but I still think this place is great for what you're paying for. Late night junk food fried chicken tenders and yummy sauce. It's not anything compared to Willie Mae's but why compare a fast food spot to a real fried chicken joint. It's open till 2am or later and it's gonna hit the spot, believe me.Greasy fried chicken!!! Great place if you have a hangover! They're all over Bourbon street. Chain restaurant but they have pretty decent chicken.If you are looking for greasy, southern-fried foods, this is the place.  We stopped in here because it was late, few places were open, and we wanted some french fries.  We just happened to sit right in front of the deep fryers, and got to watch the entire process.  
The fries were decent, and, for Bourbon Street, the price was fair.  The service was pretty good, and the cook seemed to be pretty conscientious.  Just know that nothing you order here is likely cooked to order.  Most stuff just sits there, already cooked, waiting for people to eat it.  The cook "times" his cooks.  That's not a bad thing, and it's not unusual.  I just thought it was worth mentioning.  
Oh, by the way, since the establishment is on Bourbon Street, they want you to buy something before you used the bathrooms.  Fair enough.  The code to get into the bathroom will be on your food receipt.  
This place is pretty typical New Orleans fast food - nothing really healthy.  The service was, however, better than at most places.A friend wanted us to try the chicken she said was good. I ordered the Cajun chicken strips with fries. It was ok. Nothing fancy. They do have some boom boom sauce on the table that goes great with the strips. If you want chicken when here try this place.All i can say is the food is average at best!!!! This place is quick, the service sucks and the people are lazy and customer service does not exist at all. Lastly the prices are high and its a waste of money. Keep walkingGreat chicken - rather pricey. Friendly staff. Fun and poplar spot. Drinks are "ok".  I'd recommend this place.Let me begin by saying that the one I want to review is the one on the other side of Bourbon Street, but that is not an option on Yelp! That being said, this is a chain restaurant and so the food must be very similar as is the customer service.
The customer service was pretty good, there were very nice people working there. Now the food, not so good at all. I'm surprised I didn't get diarrhea from eating here. I had jambalaya and it was a sloppy mess of stale chicken and who knows what else was in the rice. The redeeming quality and I strongly recommend this place for this one reason: THE BISCUITS!!!!!! The biscuits they have here are down right amazing and like nothing I have ever tasted in my life. They are slightly sweet on the outside and baked to perfection. I tasted a bite of my husband's (haha!) and it was so good I bought my own. The lady could tell that we were newbies to New Orleans and she hooked us up with 2 additional ones free of charge.
So don't bother eating here. Just GET THE BISCUITS!Who wants some hot, crispy, delicious, juicy chicken????  Me!  Me!  After an unsatisfying dinner at Kingfish I was left wandering Bourbon Street hungry so we popped in here to grab something to fill my tummy.  The chicken was served burn your fingers hot, along side with some fries, and a buttery biscuit.  Thank you so much for filling my tummy with your delish fried chicken.  Writing this review makes me want a piece of fried chicken right now!Yasssssss nuthin better than willies shack. my quick to go places when I'm here on a busy weekend n jus wanna get a quick delicious bite somewhere. Also there Bloody Mary is sooo good with that fried chicken thoughyes there is better chicken in new orleans, but late at night, when you're starving and tired, this place is heaven. always hot and crispy, i'd never say no.The staff were very rude. Asked me "why are you here on bourbon st. When there are people dying in Houston"... how could
One ruin my vacation like that. Did not enjoy. My friend ordered I didn't.The owner is very rude! I order a two pieces mixed & 3 pieces mixed.. I asked for a breast on 3 piece.. when I got my order it was cold.. I asked for hot chicken & fries never got it.. I asked the cook when was the last time the grease was changed he said '2 weeks ago'.. I asked for a refund & owner said grease was still fresh!!!! Seriously your on Burbon! Never again! Ai was sick the next day! Don't do it!!It was late, and we were strolling down Bourbon St. with grumbling stomachs. We stumbled upon Willie's and were excited for a quick bite of some fried chicken. 
We ordered their wings, and it came out very shortly afterwards. Quick and friendly service! Wings were crispy and good-sized. A simple yet satisfying meal. 
Not much else to say about this place. It's a good place to grab a quick bite, and they also serve drinks. Come in when you're hungry and drunk late at night, and I'm sure the fried chicken will taste like the best thing ever.I got to create my own alcoholic beverage! It was awesome!Biscuit was delicious!!! Everything on menu is deep fried.  Music was loud.  Chicken tenders were good.  The fries ..don't bother.Decided to stop by last night wanted some chicken but too tired today open for lunch. Ordered 2 piece white.  The fries are season fries taste like Popeyes fries the chicken was different nice flavors.  Chicken was tender very good.. lastly they give you a honey biscuit like Church chicken. 
With the exception of the fries. Everything was above averageThis chicken is to spicy the hypnotic daiquiri was okay there are different dipping sauces available I was scared of the customersWe popped in here soon after arriving in the Big Easy. It wasn't my first choice, but my wife was hungry after the long ride. I was very pleasantly surprised. Great chicken, amazing biscuits. I had jambalaya which was very good, wife had seasoned fries. Staff was friendly and attentive. Bonus, Miller Lites were 2 for 1. For a hole in the wall, I was impressed. Was pricey though.The fried chicken is just okay, the rolls with honey were amazing. The thing I didn't like about this place is you have to wait in one line to place your order and pay, but they don't pass that order onto the kitchen. You then have to wait in another line and you give them your receipt and that's when they begin to put your order together. I ended up waiting 30 minutes for something I should have had in 5 minThis place has the worst daiquiri in new orleans. I brought one with my girl last night and right away noticed that there is no alcohol in the drinks. After 30 mins of walking down the strip we noticed that our stomachs were acting up. My girl ended up throwing everything out and I been up all night with stomach pain which I can't get rid from my stomach. This place sells poison.Monique is the best, but no bathrooms. Awesome chicken and daiquiris. Honey mustard is good too!!You bastards really got me hooked on the delicious crispy and oh so good chicken. The biscuit was awesome, god just thinking about it I'm already salivating. I guess appearance isn't everything because when I walked in, it was nothing but ghetto ass booty bumping music and lack of enthusiasm from the employees. One bite out of the chicken I thought to myself "Them nola's really know their chicken" to bad I was only at the french quarters for 1 night, I didn't just go there 1 time that same night but 2 times and had another 3 piece to go. I will most definitely be back but seriously chill out with the music tune it down a bit. Also you guys got Willie Mae's beat which is a surprise since they had more stars and reviews than Willie's chicken shack.So good! Food was hot and fresh, fries were just moments out of the fryer. 4 different sauces on your table, all were great. Frozen drinks were quite pricy for the size, but the chicken is a decent value due to the high quality.Really bad Fried chicken.  IT was SUPER greasy and tasted like they had not changed the oil in weeks.  This is a place to avoid... Better off going to Popeye's then this place.This is a great place to get a fruity frozen drink and fried things after walking around all day.
Do yourself a favor and get a 6 pack of the honey butter biscuits. 
We get the chicken tenders. If you stay in the store, there is this spicy mayo dipping sauce. If you take your food togo, that sauce will cost you a dollar. 
Cheap. Drunk food. And more booze.Really good drunk food.  Very very limited seating though so if Bourbon St. is crowded be prepared to eat standing up.  Throw some honey and hot sauce on your chicken!CHICKEN IS HOT AND FRESH, super crispy and definitely the spot to go on bourbon after a long night of drunchies!! Recommend this place to anyone coming out of town, I ate this everyday for three days and have no complaints!Food is good if you want a quick meal. Haven't tried their daiquiris yet though. 3 locations on Bourbon Street.Eat this chicken and rice after a night of drinking and you will feel great in the morning. The chicken was fresh and those beans and rice were very hearty. I loved it so much that I had to visit each night.There are probably better fried chicken places than this somewhat commercialized local chain.  My cajun tenders were undercooked, although the fries and biscuit were pretty good.  Very slow service for a place that has everything prepared and waiting.  If you go sober, you'll definitely be an odd ball.Willie's, in my opinion, is a staple on Bourbon street. It opens late and serves food that is great after a night or even during a night of drinking.
I came and ordered the fried cajun chicken tenders, which were kinda expensive, but so delicious. The chicken was cooked well and it just felt like a refined Popeye's.
I think of Willie's as my go to memory of Bourbon street.As for as food on bourbon st.  this place was not so bad.  As for as the service  not so good.   It started out ok.   We are locals and went in for the first time to grab a bite to eat.  I had a friend that I knew needed to sit for a min and try to get some food down.  This is not a norm for my friend  but, we have all been there every now and then.   She wound up getting sick,  I felt horriable about it  I even tiped the guy that had to clean it up ten bucks.   The girl working the counter then was very rude,  Saying I needed to get her out that this was ridiculous.  Have some compassion,  its bourbon st for goodness sake.   What do you expect.  I work in the quarter as well it comes with the territory.   I know sometimes you have to be a little forceful in the quarter with people but you also need to look at it case by case some times its best to deal with problems a little better.   As for me and my friends we will deff never be back to willie's .  I know that wont mean much to the owners and staff of the place  they have plenty of buisness without us.I'm currently here. I order the wings, catfish, and jambalaya. The chicken and fish was cooked perfectly. The jambalaya and biscuits were the worst that I have ever tasted. The rice was mushy and the biscuits were fought. I spoke with the manager that was definitely education challenged and seemed to not worried that he is selling food that is not good. Next time I come back it will not be here.Always very hot food with a great taste! A must when drinking on Bourbon. Prices aren't too high either.Walked around bourbon street and kept seeing these chicken shacks just about every block do I knew I had to try this after a night out.  Got the 2 piece meal and walked it to our hotel. The chicken was amazing. I loved the crispy crunchy skin I wish I had gotten a few more. Fries were good and didn't get a chance to eat the rolls that came with the meal.This chicken was freakin delicious!  I like to think i've had my fair amount of fried chicken.  I spent like... 11 bucks.  And i had 5 chicken wings and like a quarter chicken and fries...  Value for dollar is on point. oh man and the biscuit...  i stole one from the drunk girl next to me just to have another....  ;)  sorry but i was on one!
Taste:  Awesome.  Perfect for the drunk and disorderly at 4am!
good times.  If you get a chance to stop by you wont be dissapointed!The chicken wings are very tasty. You really so get your money's worth here. Right on Canal Street is a great location.OMG. Delicious warm fluffy biscuits and the juiciest chicken tenders I've ever had. We stopped by here after our adventures on bourbon street, the smells lured us in. My friend ended up buying extra biscuits to go because they are just that good.I visited New Orleans for the first time this past weekend and I really had a good time. I went to this place after I had a few too many drinks and I needed something on my stomach. I honestly don't remember placing the order (or looking at the menu) but I paid and was handed this nice plate of food. The chicken was HOT, JUICY & FLAVORFUL. I ate it all with no hesitation. I don't remember eating the fries but I'm sure they were good since my group of friends say I refused to share. I do remember talking to the lady at the register and she was super sweet and friendly. They have a Willies on almost every block so you can't miss it!After a long day of hand grenades and exploring the "big easy", I decided to endulge into some delicious fried chicken. I had the Cajun chicken strips and loved it. It definitely hit the spot. I shall come back for more before I leave.Not even going to lie, when you get the chicken and fresh out of the fryer it is absolutely delicious and wonderful. Great selection of sauces, crisp on the outside juicy and tender on the inside - absolutely loved it and the employees are friendly to boot. Great spot.Customer service was OK. Food was OK, not great and definitely not the best chicken I've ever had! The honey biscuits are good! I order 3 piece tenders and they were greasy. Fries were seasoned and average! No need to try again....Great place to go to after a day of walking around town and/or bar hopping. Get the chicken! LOL
By the way, don't go to Krystal.On the cab ride from Amtrak to the hotel, the driver asked us if we had ever had Poppies chicken, we said yes, we were from Chicago and they had stores there.  He drove us by the first Poppies and said you have to try it here.  He said Willies was his second choice. We tried both.  
I thought Willies was the best fried chicken I have ever had! The fries were well seasoned, crisp on the out side and pillow soft on the inside.  We went in the early afternoon so there was no crowd, I don't like go to a fry joint when there is a  crowd and the grease isn't up the temperature. The pieces were large and well seasoned.  The out side was crisp and the meat was very juicyService was good.  The chicken was super crispy and moist.  Definitely hit the spot!  The fries were good but could have been bit more crispy.  The biscuit was awesome!  Very buttery with just enough honey taste.  
It was $7.99 plus tax for 2-piece meal (breast, wing, fries, and biscuit).Friday, 1:00 PM.
Take-out. 
Second lunch.
Quickie:
+  Good food
*  Menu variety
+  Friendly staff
-  Turnaround
-  Cleanliness
And then...?
Greasy fried chicken = dangerous quick snack. 
**********
Stuffed my face in:
1. Chicken strips
     +  Large, juicy pieces of pollllo
Constructive comments:
*Focus on quality of dipping sauces
*Clear recycling
*Option for compost
*Sustainable sourcing and practicesYes! Just got back from NOLA. Willie's Chicken Shack is ZZZZ Best fried chicken, batter crunchy yet light, juicy pieces of chicken. Biscuit with the honey butter baked in hits your tongue with a heavenly calling. Don't miss the seasoned french fries. We picked up Hurricanes and dined inside Willie's. A must do. Don't return home without going to Willie's Chicken Shack. The food servers served Southern hospitality as usual. Thank you Willie's!Located in the French Quarter, this restaurant is great for good ol' Fried Chicken.......I had the chicken strips with fries , which were out of this world.....one must order at the counter and then find a seat...or visa versa......of course the sounds of Bourbon Street are just outside the door.....Quick snack of two pieces of chicken, and wanting more!
Loved the crispy skin and not at all dry.  Right amount of salt.
Hurricane drink: some slushy drink which tasted like fruit punch. Very sweet.  I wanted some water and apparently I'd have to buy some :(
Service was quick and tables were cleanBright. Good music. Clean places to sit super friendly staff. Good chicken (juicy, crispy, a little kick of spice) and different condiments. $10.90 for 3 strips. Had other stuff on menu (red beans and rice, jambalaya, etc) but didn't see or taste it.For all the times I have come to New Orleans and passed the many Willie's Chickens, which I usually bypassed in favor of more typical Cajun fare, I finally stopped to check it out since I was here for a week this visit and went on the last day. It was so delicious and cooked perfect, the crust extra crispy, definitely tasted marinated because the meat was seasoned all the way through, and the pieces were a size you would not complain about. We got 3 pieces, a huge breast, wing, and a drumstick, plenty of tasty hot fries, and a biscuit, and all there was left were bones. It is probably the best fried chicken I ever ate, and Willie's is going to be one of my first meals next time in Nola.HO-MAH-GAH.  Best wings EVER in life. And the honey biscuits will haunt my most blissful cooking dreams forever.  From now on, if anyone ever says they are going to NOLA, I'm going to tell them they need to visit Cafe Du Monde and a Willie's Chicken Shack.Hands down the best fried chicken I have ever had. Ridiculous good....I guess they want a longer review.  A++++++This place was awesome!! I had catfish and shrimp combo... The fish was perfect!!! My hubby had the chicken, not too greasy & great flavor!! The biscuits melt in your
Mouth!!!REALLY GOOD CHICKEN WINGS!  Not sure if it was because my friends and I had been drinking and partying all night and stopped by here inebriated but the fried chicken wings were really good.  They were hot and fresh.  They were a little greasy (I mean it IS fried chicken) but it wasn't so greasy that you felt gross afterwards.  I love the hot sauce they have to eat with the wings.  Very tasty by itself too.  Just wish I was able to try other items here.No, I'm not recommending Willie's for dinner.  That being said, if you're in need of solid eats 'late night' on Bourbon Street, hop in line at Willie's and grab a 2-piece (3 if you have company)!  The lines can seem to take forever, but the food seemed to be worth the wait.  And when you consider a slice of pizza is nearly $5, $8 for a meal is a steal.We didn't have the food but the drinks are amazing! The slushies are perfect for walking around in 100 degree weather! We had the Voodoo Punch and the Hypnotiq. We loved them so much we got them twice!We stopped here because we passed by the place like 3 or 4 times on Bourbon street and the smell kept calling me.... It smelled amazing so my husband and I decided to try it .
The food was not as good as I had hoped . It was pretty blah to be honest , yet pricey for fast food . 
We got the seafood platter , 3 pieces chicken strips and red beans and rice the total came to about $33.00 .  Shocking right especially considering it's fast food .We were on bourbon and stopped at this spot. Honestly this was the best chicken spot I've been to. There was a sauce that we dipped the chicken and fries in. Literally if you're drunk and need a great spot to eat and sober up or just to have t late night chicken. It's a great spot! I would definitely go back. Although this spot to me was a bit expensive for a little chicken spot I realize we are paying for the tourist area. Overall it was great and I would def go back.When  I went to New Orleans I was so hyped to have Popeyes, it was supposed to be better than anywhere else. Long story short, big dissapointment, but let met tell you.  Wille's is how I imagined Popeyes in New Orleans would taste. Perfectly seasoned, cooked...man this chicken was the BEST I ever had. The chicken breast was so juicy and the batter excellent. Do yourself a favor and make sure you get some of this. Skip PopeyeslThe biscuits are the bomb-diggity! Good fried shrimp and decent margaritas. The service was great and it's a very convenient location. Good stuff!Small Daquiris for $10. I guess. But I got 2 large for $24 and man I was disappointed. After drinking half the cup I couldn't feel a thing. I'm a light weight. I should be tipsy. My mother didn't feel anything either. More alcohol pls!!!!Incredible food, it's a game changer. The chicken, the fries, the biscuits, the special sauce....it's a must try. Would probably eat this place 18 times a dayThe owner straight up stole my beers! Seriously, almost caught a case. Do not come here!!!!The drinks are good and tasty. The chicken is good but lawd Jesus the biscuit is AMAZING!!!!!Chicken was not that tasty. Also seemed to have been sitting too long. Popeyes was better. Service just ok.I ate here after many.....many shots. So take this as you will. However, there is almost nothing more satisfying than a greasy meal after hitting the bars! I thought the portions were definitely reasonable, the chicken was crunchy and (at the time) seemed flavorful! Loved... Loved.... The pink sauce at the table, but have no idea what it was. The biscuits were super rich, but amazing (at the time). Not sure if this would be a place I would go normally without a side of liquor, however, it is PERFECT for Bourbon St. madness.Good for what I got.  Went it to get a tall glass of fruity daiquiri and that's what I got.  Pricey yes, $12 for the drink.  Tasted good, gave me enough of a buzz, but that is all I wanted.  Fried chicken smelled like fried heaven.  Didn't have any even after passing three different Willie's locations, but am craving it now back in the hotel.  Will update the review tomorrow after eating some.  The drink however was very good. Technically in a high tourist area, it really wasn't all that expensive.Quick affordable delicious Jambalaya. The service was friendly, fast and efficient and the food was amazing.Awesome fried chicken. This is way better than Popeyes or KFC. They cook everything in front of you so you know it's made fresh.Really good Fried chicken, for a late night stop, love the sauces to choose from, quick food service. Had it two times in three days!Frozen drinks always available. Great flavors, a bit sweet though.  The chicken, OMG. Great sober, even better drunk. We ate here almost everyday. Can't go wrong with the two or three pieces or the tenders. YummmmmWell, I don't really remember it, but wifey said it was goooooood. And she know fried chicken!I tried out Willie's Chicken Shack on Bourbon Street. It was loud and very busy, which I already expected. My order took forever because the cashier/server forgot to give the order to the cook. Once we realized that was the problem, the cook took care of it and even went and got my drinks since the cashier didn't do that either.
The guy that cleans pointed out an available seat to me and cleaned the table as soon as I sat down. 
The chicken was good, well-seasoned, crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. The honey biscuits were delicious.I normally don't write reviews but have to in this case. Bourbon street is dirty and I had incredibly low expectations of this place. I was wrong. The food was AMAZING. I was completely sober and can truthfully say the catfish and fries were the best I've ever had. I will definitely be back tomorrow night!Brah when you're pounding beers back and drinking hand grenades nothing in the world matters more than the question "Where's the food at?" Well you found it damn it! With over several locations on Bourbon street, there's no reason you should be waiting in line at any other place. Order your food, high five your brahs, fist pump, eat food, REPEAT.Their fried chicken is delicious and reasonably priced. I recommend trying their chicken tenders.First time trying it and had to say it was very delicious. The sauce I got for my wings were great. Sweet and spicy! And the biscuits reminded me of the honey flavored biscuits from church's except these were better lol. Good job! Totally will come back whenever I'm in NOLA.Willie's chicken is the perfect meal after a long night of drinks and fun! What's great is that it was still open even at 2am/3am (despite what Yelp says).
I ordered the 3-piece Mix which came with fries and a biscuit (~$12). The meal was ready almost instantly. I think they have certain meals ready to go. That was a bit concerning because I'm not sure how long my meal was sitting out before I got it.
The fried chicken was great! I don't know if that's because I was super hungry at this time of night or if it was just that good. The fries and biscuit were also good. The food was warm and honestly, I pretty much inhaled it.
Willie's is almost everywhere I went in NOLA. It's pretty hard to NOT try it while you're here. It's definitely a solid fast food chain spot out here.Good food, fresh, friendly staff. I really like the gumbo it had a lot of spice and it was cooked perfectly.Horrible! Horrible! Horrible! The service at this place is a disgrace to New Orleans...... And I love New Orleans. Dean. Dean was his name. I promised him I'd write a review about his service and here I am. It was about 3am and I wanted to get some food with my friends. We were in line and our order was going through and I'm like "we should get water!" So I'm like:"Excise me can I get 4 waters ?" He's like "You b**ch I'm with another customer!" Ohhhhhhhh my god! I was shocked with disrespectful attitude. The people around me were shocked too. This type of behavior is very unacceptable. So I talked to the security gaurd and told him I'd write a Yelp review and hope Dean gets fired. Customers deserve to be respected. Don't go to this place. I'd rather eat at McDonalds.SOOOOOO GOOD!t this was the best place in the french quarter. the one we went to was a bar and had yummy good. such a cool atmosphere and cool people. biscuits are the BEST!!!!Well, hands down the best fried chicken I ever had. Super small, not Gast at all, but if we talk only about the quality of food, then Cajun chicken was phenomenal,  as well as English muffin. Would recommend.Really good chicken  I have good experience yesterday and today is my second thay tastings this delicious chicken.It was 2 am, and I was badly in need of food after a long night out on Bourbon Street. I happened on Willie's Chicken on Bourbon, and it hit the spot. In fact, I'm not sure that there is any fast food in the Quarter that can equal Willie's -- and I'd go there for a casual lunch as well. The biscuit with honey -- just insanely good and addictive. But the crispy chicken was among the best I've had -- and I'd had chicken from Willie Mae's that morning. Don't underestimate this little dive shack on Bourbon -- they are serving some great food at a great price.Just OK! Chicken.. Nothing to boast and brag about. Ordered 6pc wings & fries $8.99 & $2.50 for a 16oz coke in the bottle ...Not worth $$$$ & got no roll that suppose to come with the meal.  It's three locations in the area. This place is not good for groups it's actually only five tables with limited seating. The staff looked pissed at the world and was not the friendliest.3 PC Chicken Tender and a Hurricane! 
I asked two locals where is a good place to get fried chicken and they both said Willie's. So I had to try it. Did not regret it. 
I got it to go and ate it at my hotel and it was still amazing. The chicken is so juicy and tender while the fried coating is crispy and wonderfully seasoned. It came with a biscuit that was fluffy, and covered in butter and honey. Fries were also fried perfectly. 
Even though it's fast food is very delicious and if you want to get quality fried chicken while in the south, come here!Cool... Chicken wings were hot beyond belief.  Unbelievable... Ate 1/10 and cried blood for 20 mins.  Tried to return them and apparently a big no-no.  Waitress even advised against the wings.  Another girl in the restaurant is currently yelling because her wings are too spicy also.  Amazing.  Hope this place changes their "magic formula" very soon. Not sure how they're in business...maybe cause the water is $2.75 though?  Awful.Just went this weekend and it was so good I was licking my fingers. Went here for my boyfriend birthday weekend and he was loving it. 
Drinks were so strong they numb my tongue . Please make sure you stop and eat and drink. Best weekend ever.  
Drank party and drank some moreDear Mr. Willie,
Thank you for sobering up my drunk ass. I was pleasantly surprised that your fried chicken was really good given that it's in the middle of this dump called Bourbon Street.  Definitely beats eating from one of those hot dog carts!Good food but worst service ever!! I'm visiting from out of town and we came here to eat and ordered two items off the menu. The lady at the bar overcharged us, I corrected her and she fixed it and I thought everything was fine. We went to sit down to eat and she just kept staring at me. When we got our food, I asked for some lemon with my catfish and the man replies, "No we don't and that's not what you paid for". At this point I'm just like really ? I'm a paying customer you'd think they'd treat me with some respect and save the attitude. I didn't have an attitude with them at all but apparently they were so offended at the fact that I corrected THEIR MISTAKE. Due to the waitresses staring problem, we went to sit somewhere else and the next thing u know the man comes and tells us he's shutting that side of the restaurant down. We looked around and there was nobody there but us so we felt like they were just kicking us out. A couple days later my boyfriend looks in his account and they INTENTIONALLY STILL OVERCHARGED US!!! When we were there we thought the problem was fixed but obviously not. I've never been to a restaurant where staff was just so petty and rude. Wouldn't go there ever again!!This place is horrible. My food wasn't done. They took it and didn't replace it and didn't give me my money back. Stay away from herebWe got the chicken and fish, it was great and would be back again. The bartender was great and customized my daiquiri for me :-)Was here Monday afternoon and had the tenders and red beans and rice. Best chicken ever. My wife's idea to stop and glad we did. Crunchiest and juiciest tenders and sides were delicious also. Lady that took order was a little preoccupied but very nice and helpfulThis place only does small plates, you have to go to their other locations for family style orders.  The service was meh and the chicken was ok but I ended up getting sick on the way back to the hotel.  Even my mom had a queasy stomach so maybe it was the oil?  I can see this place being a hit for the drunk partying people haha.Hey it was great!  I was walking by at 2 am and the smell of fried chicken got me and I gave it a try.  It was piping hot and very juicy.  Not overly breaded at all and had great flavors without being greasy. Only downside it was packed at 2 am and you have to share tablesWoohoo!  I'm a little tipsy from the plastic cup deal, however, 7 eleven does not compete.  Do not slurp unless you can consume alcohol.  I thought it was a brain freeze drink.  I'm I high or does my stomach hurt?
The chicken laced with Cajun Sweet & Sour Sauce is an unforgettable experience that makes mental cravings call you back to New Orleans for more.  I waited almost two years before I could taste what was already programmed to my neurons.  Almost like wearing stockings for your favorite man.  It makes you savor the thought of the stockings tearing down your legs as the chicken slides down your pipes into your stomache.
Bravo Willie!  And thanks for expanding next to Harrah's.....I'm not that far!Disgusting! Absolutley the worst fried chicken I've ever had. It is definitely no Popeyes. KFC is better than this place.If you value your safety, RUN AWAY FROM THIS RACIST PLACE ASAP! The employees are DANGEROUS and VIOLENT.
I went in with my friends for a quick bite, ordered a beer & bowl of jambalaya.  First off, the girl behind the counter mockingly corrected my pronunciation of the food, and I'm from New Orleans! Is that seriously her version of southern hospitality? What if I were a tourist? Is that h way of rolling out the welcome wagon to potential visitors to the Crescent City? Although I strongly disapproved, I said nothing. Several minutes passed while I waited patiently for my food. Eventually I became  restless and inquired after its status & she rudely squawked that it was further down the counter  at 'the kitchen' area. When I approached, those gentlemen, the cooks, said they'd already given her the order. I reproached to find she still had no such order.  When I complained about the miscommunication & delay, both she & another disgruntled employee threatened to spit in my food. I was shocked & upon asking for an immediate refund, the African-American one of the two out of NOWHERE took it to a racist place, saying, "SLAVERY'S OVER, BITCH," raising her clenched fist menacingly as if to beg me to say just one more word so she could have a reason to physically assault me. it was TERRIFYING. 
all i can say is WTF?! I'm still so confused and mortified. Race had nothing to do with my mere complaint over the untimely delay & miscommunication regarding my original order. Furthermore, the cashier with whom I was chiefly dealing was not even Black, so I don't see why this second employee felt the need to step in in the first place. It is a sad state of affairs that we live in a world where a chicken shack is plagued by such RACIST animosity. 
FOR SHAME.Willies is open rather early. Great place to go for an early drink or a slushy version almost like a wet willies in Miami. I definitely plan on returning.Go to Brothers three blocks up the street. you will get more chicken for less. Brothers is $2.99 for a two piece. I remember this place being like $7.99 for two pieces. this chicken looked as if had been there all day. i actually watched in being made at Brothers. Just my humble opinion. 1starffor the location.I was drunk. Really drunk. 
And hungry. Really hungry.
My review is coming from that mindset...and in THAT mindset, this chicken was out of this world delicious.
So if you're ever really drunk and really hungry on Bourbon St, you'll thoroughly enjoy this place.This chicken was pretty good...very flavorful..it actually had a little kick to it..and the biscuit was tasty too..loved that honey biscuit! Now it is a bit pricey but it was worth itThis is another random spot we ate to eat Cajun food. We needed something quick before our night tour started. Staff was great. The place did not have many seats but we got lucky. The chicken and fish were very moist and cooked well. The catfish had the spicy kick to it. The buttery cinnamon tasting biscuit was very good, too. I really liked it here. They offered four bottled sauces. One was a cajun mayo for your catfish. There was buffalo sauce for the chicken. They had bbq sauce, ketchup and a yellow sauce, I did not try. The fries were crispy and good. We drank here, too. I tried their Apple and strawberry. There was not much alcohol though but this rating is more for the food. You should definitely try the food here for fast food or snacks!Went to the location on Decatur. .laughed at slap yo mama good sign! I mean who does such an awful thing? Ordered 3 piece box..comes with Cajun fries..they were good. Chicken tenders..they were pretty good as well..A HONEY BUTTER BISCUIT..Drenched in honey butter..a whole layer soaked in....i didn't know that biting into it would trigger the slap reflex...my poor husband was sitting there..he didn't know what hit him..i quickly put a piece of biscuit in his mouth..before he realized he had just been a victim of honey biscuit slap.. i ducked out way before  his slap reflex kicked in..he just slapped in mid air...I just wished someone had warned me that it was that good before I bit it..Im ashamed of my actions...im sorry honey. (;Great fried chicken 
Fantastic and very moist chicken strips 
The red beans and rice were to die for 
Their jambalaya rice was great 
Biscuits were yummy 
Overall a great fast food and enjoyed the chickenJust good plain ole fried chicken. I can name many better places to eat and I can also name some worse, but Willie's gets the job done when your hungry.  It's convenient because it's on the strip, and they have 3-4 available.  The only thing negative is the price of the drinks, which are a little high for Bourbon St.Rude staff, slow service,  greasy fried shrimp, fries & chicken- all I can think is we were too sober to enjoy what the rest of the Yelping world sees in this place....maybe we should have ordered something with a biscuit...the plus side is they are open late...very, very late so they get a star for that & the food was good enough (per my hubby)  to earn a star too...I think it was an ok place for a "I need food now & nothing else is open" late night snackI stopped here during a business trip in October of 2015.  I have had fried chicken at many places, but Willie's Chicken Shack was the best I've ever had.  I'm am very excited that I will get to stop there again on another business trip in April this year.  This is a must try for all fried chicken lovers!Waited in line for 20 min placed order, limited seeting, waited for bout another 15min for food , lady gave 2 napkins when I asked for some, ate the seafood platter  added hot sauce which was watered dowj the fish was ok seemed like a lot of oil was fried it ot leaving my stomach weighed down , the soda fountain pushed out flat soda so all in all it was ok but wouldnt rush to come backWe stopped in here while visiting bourbon street because we wanted something fried... This place was good and packed! So we wanted about 15 minutes to get our food but it was great and fresh out the grease... I ordered a fish plate with fries and my boyfriend ordered wings... They didn't have public restrooms, which was the only thing i didn't like..Couldn't give it zero stars, Yelp won't let me... but AVOID this place. The chicken was average at best. The employees were AWFUL. I literally ordered meals for my entire family (4 of us) and the cashier never said a single word. I apologize if she was a mute, but I don't think it was the case.  She didn't even bother to get our drinks... and did so after she questioned my wife and asked for the receipt to validate. There was no one else in the place. Absolutely TERRIBLE experience... management should be ashamed of their establishment. To top it all off... had to listen to an employees drama... screaming curse words on her phone inside the restaurant as my 3 yr old listened on... completely out of line! STAY AWAY!Hats off to these people who have to cater to our drunken debauchery!! 
**DISCLAIMER**
This review is based on me eating the fried chicken while drunk....and it was amazing. Got the three piece tenders, yum. fries, yum. biscuit, yum.
Had I been sober, this review might not get 5 stars....It's really A-OK. The biscuit is probably the best biscuit I have ever had- they were moist, and the right amount fluffy and came with a generous dose of butter/buttery+sweet syrup. The fried fish is good. The fried chicken is good too but nothing to write home about. The servers are super friendly and one of them was so nice that she replaced the tall drink (the name escapes my mind at this moment) with a different flavor for me because I didn't like the flavor I ordered. So five stars to her for her niceness :DDinner with a kid on bourbon street. Chicken was good with choice of sauces. Frozen adult beverages were good. Almost as good as raising caines.Had this late night after a night on the town. Great red beans and rice and friend catfish.Great drinks! Lots of alcohol used lol. Nice little place if you're looking to get buzzed! They serve food I was only interested in the famous hurricane. It was really good! Small place staff is pretty friendly. Reasonable price for an alcoholic beverage.To be honest that chicken ain't have NO business being that good. Imagine Popeye's times 2, that's what it was. Fried chicken, fish, honey biscuits, gumbo, red beans & rice, and of course liquor. They had about 5 different sauces on the table. I liked the creamy spicy one, I think it was a sriracha mayo, it didn't have a label. The chicken was very crunchy, flavorful, and had plenty of spice. The honey biscuit didn't do anything for me though because it was a little wet on the bottom. They had music playing inside, so they kept the party going just like every other bar out there. There's very little seating and I didn't see any restrooms, so pack your hand sanitized if you're sober enough to even remember to eat with clean hands.Was down on Canal Street and stopped in here....didn't eat anything, but had a frozen concoction (Willie's 190) that was strong asf !!...yea got my day started right off of itIn all honesty, part of me wishes we *hadn't* gone in to Willie's that Sunday night a month ago... Because we left *stuffed*!
This place has really good fried chicken - we started w/the 2 piece combo that came with dark and light meat, as well as tasty fries. And I of course had to get red beans n rice, as I had ordered it many times on our trip, only to be disappointed by 1. a strange flavor, 2. pulled pork in it (what?!)
The red beans n rice were watery but tasted awesome! They didn't have sausage, alas, but were dang good - so good we got another order... and another combo - this time of 3 piece chicken!
You can also have whole picked jalapenos on the side - what's not to love?
We both left with our guts bursting, and feeling more than a little glutenous and guilty!Just here over the weekend, and I can NOT stop thinking about it!!!!!!!! The best food ever!!!!!!! Chicken tenders, biscuits and red beans & rice were to die for! I am totally baffled by the negative reviews. A must try, and I will be back on my next trip!Fried chicken is nothing special, but their biscuits are divine! They're soft and crumbly and sweet and savory; wouldn't mind eating more of those. Fries were good too.I stopped here because of a recommendation from a friend. I was not disappointed. When I entered, there was 90's pop music playing and I was greeted by the friendly staff. I ordered the Buffalo Wings with Jambalaya as the side. Food came out quick and was very delicious. I would also recommend this place to others as well.Pretty good spot to grab something to eat, especially if you don't want to wait an hour in line at the other restaurants. I had the seafood platter which consists of catfish fillets, fries, shrimp and a biscuit. The shrimp could've been seasoned better and the biscuits really didn't have too much flavor. The meal itself was OK...the 3 catfish fillets was a bit much so I didn't finish the entire meal. Environment was cool....it was a little early at night for it to be busy so there were plenty of places to sit and relax. If they work on the flavor of the food..they will get higher stars!The biscuits are to die for!! Definitely a place to stop for a quick bite to eat - sober or intoxicated.It's just a chicken shack with blaring beats and a 1950s diner feel.  The biscuits are beyond and certaintly worth the stop.  Baked-in honey never tasted so good.  Straws are too skinny and too short for the frozen drinks they sell, so push on to the next Bourbon St. seller for a hurricane-red tongue.Wow this place is so effing good. We ate here 3 times and while we were drunk the food was the best ever.  Chicken wings are super crispy and the catfish is the best. Better than catfish Charlie's.    The red beans and rice are the best anywhere in New Orleans.   The food is a little expensive for the environment but you can't beat the taste.  Go there when you get to bourbon.Delicious and cheap. It was great!!! Also make sure you try their house sauce. :)This fake extra crispy/crunchy Popeyes chicken almost broke my tooth. It was nice and hot fresh out the grease. The service was average but the space was like a house party atmosphere. I was almost grinding on the man ordering behind me. I ate my food in the corner like a hostage. It was small they have to leave the doors open. Check your straw they were nasty. They need to offer a smaller beans and rice it was to high.Probably the best chicken strips I've ever tasted. Very fast service and neat atmosphere!If you like grease, go for it.  Looks good, all of the taste is in the crust, fries similar to Popeye's.   For me I will go to Popeye's next time.This chicken right here was yummy! Tasted like grandma's chicken! Full of flavor and cooked to order! The music is live so you can dance while you wait!I would definitely consider this place a "tourist trap" and I was lured right in! It looked very intriguing! However, the food is overpriced. I found the chicken very greasy and there was not a lot of chicken on it :/ I'm disappointed by this place, but at least I tried it !Bomb chicken... wish I could have skipped all the fancy eating and just had this place the whole time... good fried food for sureStopped here after 12AM and got six wings and fries which cost $14 . Chicken was not good at all, too much breading, too oily. Avoid this place and just get a slice of pizza.Those biscuits tho!!!!'   Yaaaaaas. The best ever in life. The biscuit was perfectly cooked, honey on top and the middle was nice and soft.  All I have to say is PLEASE get the biscuitsI was here back in October.  My friend and I popped in and grabbed a bite.  Split the chicken and catfish.  Pretty damn good!
Next night, lost my friend but he found me eating at the Chicken Shack.  
If you lose your buddy on Bourbon St. and never pay attention to your phone,  just make a plan to meet at the Chicken Shack.  If you get there first, sit down and eat.  The chicken and catfish are really good, cheapest eats you'll find.  It was home base.Friendly staff and great chicken. The biscuits are to die for. Margaritas on tap--I mean c'mon.The chicken is mesmerizing! Double dipped in specially seasoned flour and egg  batter and then perfectly fried to a crisp! The homemade  biscuits are fluffy and buttery, melts in your mouth! Watch out Popeyes!!Came here during the super bowl. It was some of the best fried chicken I have ever had. It's a small dining area. They bread and cook the chicken in front of you. So everything appears to be fresh!Although the food was decent, pay with cash...A group of us went there and they charged a few of our credit cards for the meals that day and again for some random amounts a few months later.  The food was not worth the hassle of canceling the card.Clean restaurant. Drinks by the yard available. Chicken was good. Gumbo was good. Nice, friendly staff. However no rest rooms :(.this needs to be a chain.
one of the best fried chicken i've ever had. was only in NOLA for two nights and picked up chicken wings both nights. inhaled it. great flavor (you don't even need hot sauce/ketchup). really crispy and moist at the same time.
we need one in new york!Considering it's on Bourbon St., it's clean! The chicken is fresh and delicious and an added bonus is the Daiquiri bar they have! You will not be disappointed!!Nothing special. Chicken was ok. Fries weren't fresh and biscuit was mooshy. Not sure what people expect from it, but it was decent.  Nothing to write home about though.Pretty much the only food place that I saw open on Bourbon after 2am. Wings, shrimp, fries, and biscuits were all good. My shrimp basket came out like 15 min late (I think they accidentally gave my order to the wrong person) but they gave me more food so I can't complain.The food here was pretty good for our first meal in NOLA while visiting. The gumbo is a must as is the cajun tenders. Both were delicious. However, the girl at the register is rather rude for no reason but I've noticed its a thing here to be rude to other females but kiss ass towards male patrons. Just shrug the bitch off, and eat some good food. Its delish!Surprisingly good gumbo. Perfect food for carrying around bourbon st. Fast and tasty. Admit the frozen drink was super sweet and water was $2.50/btl but seems common.It was late, I was hungry and tired of paying high prices for food in the French Quarter. There are several Willie's Chicken Shacks around, so I entered one.
While higher priced than, say, KFC, they do offer several options. I went with a three piece dinner with fries. They gave me a thigh, a wing and a leg. I found the coating flavorless, but very crisp. Fortunately, they have a few kinds of hot sauces at the table to add flavor.
Certainly not the best fried chicken I've ever had, but not the worst. At 10PM, it did do the trick.Hungry after a night of drinking on Bourbon st?  The fried chicken will hit the spot for you.  We walked around a bit to find something to eat but all we saw was pizza and this.  So we opted for this.  Not bad for the price.
Wouldn't go here unless it was super late and I was slightly intoxicated and need food asap!Those biscuits!!!  Amazing!   I'm pretty sure I wasn't that drunk (but who knows...I was on Bourbon St. after all) when I tasted those delicious biscuits with a hint of honey and a whole lotta butter.  Those things melt in your mouth!  The chicken strips were delicious, too.  Friend decided to get a side of honey to dip his chicken into...it actually turned out pretty yummy.  Will have to try that again next time I get fried chicken!
Um...on another note...maybe you should try this place when you've had a few drinks in your system.  My memory of New Orleans kinda fails as I was drinking non-stop everyday that I was there.The fried chicken at Willie's was so delicious that I  still think about it!! We stumbled upon Willie's since the wonderful smell of fried chicken is enough to pull you out of the not-so-pleasant-smelling Bourbon Street and into the small shop. It's a fast-food type restaurant with a seat-in area that was pretty crowded at 4am.
Willie's is not limited to only fried chicken as there's jambalaya, gumbo, and rice & beans among other items. We stuck to the fried chicken and ordered the chicken strip combo and some wings.
Our order came out piping hot. Within the first few bites of the fried chicken, we just knew stopping into Willie's was the best decision of the night! The chicken was tender with good seasoning and crispy skin. There are lots of different sauces at the table if you prefer more of a spicy kick to the wings. So drink to your heart's content, eat at Willie's and repeat :)This is possibly the best fried chicken I have ever had in my life.  I ate here 6 times during a seven day trip to NOLA.  Be friendly and the staff will treat your right!  Side items are great too, but damn, the "dark meat" is quite amazing.  Wish I could get this at home!!!If you're going to Willie's, you have likely been on or are on your way to Bourbon and looking for a quick bite. Can't go wrong here....chicken strips are always bomb, and the biscuits are soooooo good. Yes the lines are ambiguous and the service from the actual servers is terrible, but again, this is where pre or post-drunken people eat LOL Anyone expecting a ton more should be eating elsewhere.Popeyes would be way better...I'm sure the only reason these folks are in business is because they are embedded on Bourbon street where details don't matter so much. Definitely would take the walk up to Canal St. and get some Krystal or Popeyes.LOVIN' Willie's Chicken Shack! Great drink....Mixed Hurricane, Willie's Cocktail, Hypnotique, and Green Apple in one AMAZING blended drink! BOOM!!!  Fried chicken Is so crispy and good, tasty red beans and rice, and Yummy Honey Biscuit is a perfect supplement to my Frozen Cocktail too!Yummy chicken strips!!! Yummy red beans and rice!!! Yummy jambalaya!!!!
Unfortunately the drinks need improving.
But the staff is niceStopped by Willies on our way back from bar hopping. We were pleasantly surprised by the flavorful chicken and extra special biscuits (they melted in our mouths!), especially given that the price wasn't overboard. Service was great and food was great, couldn't ask for more. Will definitely come back.This is a shoutout to the 409 store!!! Maggie is the best ever. Meet here and get a work of art from her daquris!!! She's excellent. Get some chicken while you're at it.Hot, crispy and juicy chicken- great for after a night of drinking.  But if you are sober, it is on the salty side... and quite pricey: $10 for 3 piece chicken, biscuit and fries.  You can get cheaper at Popeye's but they are not open as late.As far as fried chicken goes, old Willie knows what's up. This place is a great stop at anytime. Was in new Orleans for 5 days ended up eating here a couple times at 2 locations and no difference at all. Definitely worth a try if you like fried chicken.The chicken is .... Nasty , maybe because I was not drunk it was not good . You would do better at one of the Popeyes . Over breaded , greasy , not cooked all the way through on the thick pieces . The staff is rude and you can tell that they don't want to be there . 
I would give them 0 stars but I ate the biscuit ! After 15 years of marriage my husband now knows I really do love him as I shared the one tiny biscuit with him . ( I didn't want to but I was making way to much yummy noise for him not to walk over to me and see what the fuss is about ) 
Dear Lawd .... The biscuit was made by glittery unicorns while standing under rainbow holding the winning lottery ticket ! It was that goodChicken just tastes like KFC used to back in the bone-in days. Good, but nothing spectacular. My wife ordered the Hurricane daiquiri. Was far too seedy and too frozen. We just threw it out (which we would usually never do!) Bourbon Street crowd around the place is just shady and keeps you on edge.There are so many Willie's in the French Quarters that I decided I had to try it one night. Went in late, after midnight, and ordered the 3 piece meal and left with it. The food was just okay. Really nothing special. Popeyes is way better if you are looking for a quick fry chicken fix. I also didn't really care for their biscuits. But, I had to try it and now I know. They also sell big frozen drinks.Nothing like chicken fingers and fries to satiate a late night drink fest. 
You can find several of these throughout the Quarter. And you won't be disappointed. 
Chicken perfectly canjun seasoned, hot, juicy and tender. The fries? Not too greasy, not to soft, not to crispy....perfect. 
Go and have a good time.  Stop by a Willie's on the way back to wherever you're staying and enjoy.I've heard New Orleans has a drug problem and I suspect Willie's might be to blame.  Wandering around on a rainy All Hallow's Eve with over an hour before our dinner reservation, we stumbled upon Willie's.  The hypnotic twirl of the boozey sugar bomb machines might tempt you in that direction (and if you're into that - cool - only a small amount of judgement) but the food is real star.  Fried chicken nirvana is here.  There's a sign painted on the wall that says it's "Slap yo momma good."  If necessary, I'd dig up my female ancestors and slap 'em all.  Juicy, crispy, delicious and quite possibly full of chicken crack.  It was tempting to cancel our dinner reservation and order another basket.  The sauces on the table include a remoulade that has the potential to right all of the wrongs in the world.  If there is a higher power, there WILL be a Willie's in the airport this afternoon.For the type of food it is (chicken and fries) 
FRIES ARE GREAT CHICKEN JUICY AND THAT BISCUIT IS BUTTERED to perfection!! 
Holds up great for the next day breakfast (not the fries) so if you ordered too much with the drunchies then have it for breakfast or lunch lol 
Lowkey a little expensive with the wings but the 3 piece of chicken or tenders is pretty good price
THEIR SAUCES!!! FLAMES!!! Idk what that creamy tobacco Siracha sauce thing was but that's what it tasted like!!! 
And apparently the honey mustard is snatchable! Based off the fact that my friend wanted to snatch a bottle and take it back to California lmaooo! I'm talking about you JulesCheep dive on Bourbon to get some fried chicken.  Basically a fast food joint.  They got beer and frozen daqeries as well.The best chicken New Orleans has to offer! Every time I come to the NO I must have this chicken especially after a night of drinking. The chicken is always fresh and hot. Service is always quick as well. They have several dipping sauces which are amazing considering I love to dip. What made this place the apple of my eye was the chicken breast. Usually I DO NOT eat the breast of the chicken because its dry but the breast from this place is amazing....Please don't leave NO without trying this place.best place ever
very good chicken but the biscuits were ok for me.but my family loved them and the chicken was hot even an hour later.
good place to go late at nightIf you plan to come here for some good Louisiana fried chicken, run like hell over to Popeye's! It's not just the food that's not that great, the restaurant itself is horrible! It's starts with horrible service. Not the usual, "Hi, may I take your order." I got, "Hey.... wat chyoo want?" That doesn't bother me too much, but the woman couldn't even get the order right. I wanted 3 legs and a thigh and my mom the 10 shrimp combo. I got 2 legs and a thigh on one plate, a thigh on another, and my mom paid for a 10 shrimp combo, but got a 3 shrimp combo. I told the guy I wanted 3 legs and a thigh not 2 of each. Instead of taking the plate with only a thigh and replace it with a leg, he took the plate with the 2 legs and a thigh. He didn't throw them out either, and I think I might've sneezed on them a little. He put them right back on the tray. Now we had our food, we thought the bad part was over. We thought we'd wash our hands and eat. They don't have a working bathroom. We had to come around back and use the kitchen sink. Again, now we thought it was just eating the food and getting out. We couldn't do it. The horrible techno crap music was louder than all the rest of Bourbon St. It was so annoying we couldn't finish what actually did get.
I should've known it was going to be bad. If a guy dressed as the devil walks in, taps you on the shoulder and gives you the thumbs up, that should be a sign. Not worth the price... not worth any price. Don't ever go here unless you want a drink.Ok so we may be biased as this was our first foray into food in New Orleans but this fried chicken was excellent!!! The biscuit was divine, it was warm, soft, tinged with a honey flavour and the fries made me want to recommend reconsider my religion. We are only here for 5 days so we might get to try more but this place will always rank high for me.A friend of mine says you want good catfish go to willies I of course looked at them like they had two heads but went anyway. Right off the bat I was happy she offered me the local discount I doubt she actually new If was local or not I placed a 39 dollar order for friends and my self and handed her my credit card she did ask for ID but when I said I left it home she wrung me up anyway Not kool !!! Then we being the only people in the place the cool still got our order compleatly  wrong when I did get my fish it was half cooked. The biscuit could break your teeth but the fries were awesome. Will never order anything but fries from them again.Willie's had good chicken...but the daiquiri are the best......and i did see a big cockroach on the wall.....what can i say...its on bourbon st"that awkward moment when a chicken place is more poppin than the bar..." LOL
This is the most hype chicken place I've ever been to in my life! Who knew you could dance WHILE eating chicken? Apparently I've been missing out...
If I go back to Bourbon St, I wanna visit again :)OMG...the red beans and rice here are the best I've had in life...ever. The biscuits are way better than Popeyes which is hard to do. The hot wings are good but it's kind of hard to mess up wings. The only thing missing was Franks cuz I put that shit on EVERYTHING!!!I seen the reviews and thought it would be really good.  Typical chain chicken joint.  Comparing it to my other favorites Popeyes and Bojangles, its just not up there. Its tasty definitely would be the place to go for those late night eateries.  Service was great.  Too bad there was no restrooms accessible because it was connected to the club next door which was closed.  Bummer.Best drinking food there is in town haha. Had this for dinner one night, chicken tenders and fries were some of the best i've had. Highly recommend.I was skeptical to eat here because it's on Bourbon St. and also sells a bunch of those frozen cocktails but was told by my brother it was a must try.
We ordered the 2 piece, breast and leg, and it was so delicious. The breast was so juicy and tender and not all greasy and nasty. If we were in New Orleans a little longer, we would've eaten here again!I don't go anywhere without Yelping first, and after seeing a 4 start average, I've gotta try it out since it's close to my hotel.  Had their fried chicken, wasn't great.  Jambalaya, I'd say 2 out of 5.  Prices weren't spectacular (I know I know, tourist area), but the biscuit was pretty damn good.  If I had to choose, I would say Coop's Place fried chicken was much better.The food itself is delicious (it may be that I ate it at 1am, after consuming many drinks on Bourbon), but the cleanliness and seating could use some improvement. I got the 3 piece chicken basket & fries. The biscuits were quite possibly the best biscuits I've ever had. IDK what was on it, but it was phenomenal.Oh goodness, when in NOLA I guess you have to get some soul food too right? Well this fried chicken, biscuits, and fries were drenched in some soulful grease and butter. Delicious, but anticipate the stomach pains that will follow for the rest of the night. Funny how these drunk food places are also bars with daquiri and frozen drinks- very tempting...Hats off to the guy on the A&E show "NIGHTWATCH"
Godspeed to you for a quick recovery & next time I am on Bourbon St I will definitely stop by and say " HELLO"
Best of luckEven if you are totally plastered and it's very late, don't come here. Alcohol significantly lowers your food standards but this won't even live up to those. I figured - greasy fried chicken - what the hell, I'm starving, let's do this. I couldn't even eat it - it was that greasy and gross. The biscuit? So greasy that it was practically soggy. The only edible portion of my meal = rice and beans. My drunk friend did eat the chicken though and thought it wasn't great but did the trick. Another hungover friend ate it in the morning - shudder. Just throwing that out there. I'd still avoid it though.
If it's late and you are drunk, walk down Bourbon Street to Clover Grill, a 24-hour diner. Much better.Was craving fried chicken and we heard about this place from a fried. We got a 3 piece mix with biscuit and fries to share and the chicken was beautifully fried with tasty and juicy white meat. The biscuit was so buttery but the fries were mediocre at best. Was craving more fried chicken afterwards and I wish they gave us more. Unfortunately the smallest amount of chicken they sell is 6 pieces for $8.99. Wish they sold 3 pieces! Overall, this is a great place but aside from the fried chicken, the environment and other food was just alright.We went back multiple days for the red beans and rice. We just couldn't get enough. Also tried the chicken tenders and they were rockin. Good location for your drunk butt. Millions of times better than any Popeyes I've ever had.I found myself sober at this chicken shack around 3am on Bourbon St, and the food was excellent. They use real white meat chicken breasts, bread and fry them in front of you. Fries were good. This place was packed and still the quality of the food was exceptional. They were also blasting dance club music and some people were breaking it down while they waited for there chicken. Huge basket $8. Go there!Willie's Chicken Shack is POPPIN! I love trying new places and of course with being in New Orleans for the first time I wanted to try out al of the recommended "hot spots" for both food and drinks. With only visiting for such a short period of time of course it was impossible to get to every one of the recommended spots but I made time for this place. 
If you are in the mood for perfectly fried chicken OR fish then this place is just for you. My friends ranted and raved about this place so we stopped in on a Saturday night and it was packed! They offer a pretty simple menu with decent pricing. No chicken for me as I am a pescatarian so that fried catfish basket was my choice for the night. Now everybody doesn't fry fish the same so I was a bit apprehensive to try but in the back of my mind I was like "wait I'm down south, they master this stuff". Boy was I right! 
Customer service was awesome and our cashier was super friendly and even reassured me that my choice was good so.. I ordered.. got my number and after about maybe 15 minutes I picked up my perfectly fried catfish basket! Seafood always tastes amazing when it's made fresh and I loved the fact that I could actually watch them prepare my food. While waiting, my friends and I enjoyed people watching and listening to some great music. The overall vibe here is great and it was nice to just see everybody laughing, dancing and enjoying their food. I most definitely will be paying them another visit on my next trip to New Orleans.After party snack.  In San Diego this would be a taco shop.  Bit in NOLA you do what NOLA does.  Had some Cajun style chicken tenders.  Oooohh they were tender and fresh out of the oil pan.  May have to go again and try the spicy chicken.A bit pricey for fast food - I assume it is due to the central location. 
We shared the chicken tenders with fries.
The tenders were really juicy and the fries were crisp, seasoned with cajon spices.My friends and I went to Willie's Chicken Shack last night.  The sign clearly stated that we would each get three chicken tenders, fries, and a biscuit for $8.99.  Three of us ordered this but then only received the chicken tenders and fries - but no biscuits.
When we asked about the biscuits, the staff said (very rudely) that they didn't have any and therefore couldn't give us any. I asked multiple times for our biscuits because I really wanted the biscuits for my friends and I because that's what we paid for and the biscuits looked really, really great. 
Instead of apologizing, the Willie's Chicken Shack "service" staff began laughing at me like asking for an item I had paid for was somehow comical. I found this very rude and hurtful. But also frustrating because by this point my friends had also agreed to give me their biscuits if I was able to convince these people to give us our biscuits.  So now it wasn't just about eating my one biscuit -- but my friends biscuits as well.    
If you don't care about getting your biscuits or actually really about some basic respect for a contract or about being treated with dignity and respect by service employees, then I'd highly recommend Willie's Chicken Shack because the fried chicken is superb, it is open late, and it is located in a very central and accessible area.
All I really wanted was some biscuits with my chicken tenders and fries. I felt cheated and hurt and it was just a terrible way to end an otherwise wonderful night.My husband and I have tried to go to recommended spots for food all week... But willies (which started as a late night snack) has become a regular spot for us.... Willies chicken tenders was the best fried food we had all week (and we were eating at $$ or $$$ places!).Excellent fried catfish, chicken and shrimp!! We have eaten there 3 times out f the five days in New OrleansHeard mixed reviews about this place. We went not drunk and enjoyed it! The chicken is delish, the biscuits are outstanding, the fries a tad soggy for me. The girl taking our order didn't want to be there for sure. She messed up the order and didn't know the menu. Also make sure you pick up the sauce bottles with a napkin they are really really sticky. 
Definitely worth a try if you love fried chicken!Fried chicken, need I say more?
So greasy, but so good! I stopped at a Willie's on bourbon street for the first time one night because one of my friends was craving chicken. It ended up being pretty good so I came back for more! I tried the two-piece chicken combo as well as the chicken strips and both were good. The sauces that they have on the tables in the restaurant make it even better.
This probably isn't the best fried chicken that you can find in NOLA, but it definitely hit the spot!I created a Yelp account solely for the purpose of commenting on the biscuit,amazing.
2 for 1 beer specials was pretty nice too.We were looking for a meal that wouldn't cost a fortune and would fill us up for our travels. This is the spot. Chicken tenders are large, small fry could feed 2 easily, and the jambalaya was good. Would recommend this place! Fun atmosphere as well.We had dinner here during Mardi Gras. The tenders were some of the best we've had. Red beans and rice were good too. A little more expensive than planned due to the price of a beer and a soda.Saw these all around downtown Nola so I decided to give it a try. Had the 3 piece with french fries. It was pretty good. They have assorted sauces on the table you can try. But the best part were the biscuits! Great alcohol absorbers before for a night of drinking. They also have liquor slushees you can buy!I normally wouldn't give a fast food restaurant four stars, but the guy at the counter, who looked like P Diddy, was super cool and helped a couple of outta towners feel right at home. They had some amazing daqueris if that's your thing, my girlfriend sucked down a green apple one in about 2 minutes. We were looking for a place to grab a quick bite after touring the World War II museum down the street, and we were not disappointed. The sauces they have at the table are super delicious and the chicken was tender and cooked just right. O.M.G. the biscuits. I would order a couple of extras. You won't be disappointed. Say Hi to P Diddy , grab a daqueri and enjoy.My family and I were searching for a quick and affordable place to eat. We decided to come here instead of Popeye's because there aren't any Willie's in Houston. We ordered the dark and mixed chickens as well as the red beans and rice and mango daiquiri. All were good for fast food. The mango daiquiri was legit...I would recommend to drink it hydrated and with food though!The best chicken I've had in a Long Time. The place was very clean and the staff treated us just like family. Thank you for the Happy Drinks.Ok. So I went to the Willies further up Canal street two days ago and the chicken was really good so I decided to try this one today. 
Walked in, ordered my food, sat down. No problem. Food came out fast and hot. Great. As I'm eating at the table next to door to kitchen, I begin to notice serval roaches crawling on the wall and floor. Needless to say I was bothered by the matter. The women next to me noticed it too and demanded their money back. I just threw the reminder of my food away and walked out.
Update: clearly I should have read the reviews before I went. I see another lady had the same experience just 3 day prior to my visit. This doesn't appear to be a one time thing.Holy  the food was amazing. Service was great! Everyone was very friendly. Fast service too. I paid for my food then decided to get another daiquiri. By the time my daiquiri was paid for and made, our food was up. 
I had the shrimp basket. Spicy but amazing. Everything I've had in nola thus far has been spicy, so it was no surprise. Red beans and rice was great. Spicier than I've had elsewhere. 
My hubby had chicken tenders and fries. All wonderful. The biscuits were good too. 
As for the drinks... Willie's Cocktail was nice and strong. The Hipnotiq drink notsomuch. Drank a whole souvenir glass with zero effect. No stars deducted for that because everything else deserves 5. Oh, they also have little sample cups for trying the various frozen drinks. Bonus!Best fried chicken I've ever had! We passed by this place many times before we'd finally stopped, huge regrets!This is the best chicken. I wanted to get some fried chicken while in New Orleans that wasn't Popeyes. I ordered a 5 piece tender meal with fries. I shared with two friends and we devoured it. This meal set me back $12 and was well worth it. The chicken strips were quality meat and good sized strips. They were made to order and piping hot (in fact a bit too hot the first few minutes). They have a full bar here and if you need to use the restroom pay attention to your receipt because the code is on the bottom to type in the keypad. For fried chicken--this is the place!Chicken is fatty and not fried hard. The biscuit was oily. The best I have had yet better then Popeyes. It was sweet like cake and it melted in your mouth like m&m. I would go back for the customer service. I had the red bean and rice they were very good. However it is what I can make at Home, I am convinced that the red beans and rice are over rated or I need to look some more for the flavor that this city is famous for. I had water to drink.The chicken here is really good. The biscuit is so yummy! :-) at first I didn't think this place would be anything special; however, the pleasant smell encouraged me to come in. This definitely a spot you want to visit for great chicken.Willie's made me a new orleans drink and it was wonderful.  For this California girl I was impressed.Why do we not have this chain back at home?! I'm not a fan of super spicy sauces or foods, but the Willie's special sauce had just enough heat to keep me coming back for more. I thought the tenders would be small, so I ordered a five piece meal with fries. I could barely get through three. The tenders were hot and crispy. The biscuit was soft, buttery, and a little sweet. The fries were decent but the tenders and biscuit were the best part for me. The 151 and everclear daiquiri (Voodoo Juice) was sweet and did what it was meant to do. The cashier was super cool and was able to handle the rush with ease. The location was clean and there was plenty of seating. I really wish we had a Willie's back at home...but maybe it's a good thing that they are only here in the south.The best I've ever had. Yum yum yum!  Great midnight snack, lunch. It was pretty cool to see the gal dippin and frying. "Willy, you need to bring this incredible food to California"!  There ain't no chicken like this on the west coast!My boyfriend and I stopped in the check out the famous Willie's Chicken. Someone should call it Willie's biscuits ! Those things are AMAZING!! They literally melt in your mouth!! Hot covered in butter and deliciousness!! My boyfriend and I had 10 piece Cajun sweet and sour wings and a biscuit. It was a great snack that may have us visiting again later tonight!! The fried chicken looked pretty awesome too!! If you ever in NOLA, give this place a try! You won't be disappointed!I can't speak to the food, although it smells wonderful.  But the daiquiris are amazing!  The $10 cup lasts me awhile and gets me pretty blitzed and is perfect to walk around with on a cool day.  Several flavors to choose from.It's simple- epic chicken and biscuits. 2 for 1 beers, and your receipt has a code to unlock the bathroom.
THIS IS NOLA!!!!!While the food is very good, the portion size for a small side item is ridiculously small and the service is horrid!!!
We entered the restaurant and stood for 2-3 minutes watching employees chat and wipe things off and we wondered if they were even still serving food because no one even acknowledged us...even after we walked down to the middle of the counter where the employees were all congregated...NO one even spoke!
We eventually managed to get someone's attention and asked if they were open, the server named Rebecca (according to my receipt) said, "yeah, there's a register right there" while she pointed to the end of the counter, and then I can only guess she remembered she was actually AT WORK AND BEING PAID proceeded to take our order in the rudest fashion I have ever experienced. She said, " What do you want?" WITH AN ATTITUDE that would knock apples out of a tree! I suppose I should count myself lucky that I managed to order a drink before she dismissed us.
I have NEVER EVER experienced such disrespect and just-don't-give-a-crap in my 48 years of life.This place has hip hop music which I enjoyed. The chicken is just ok if you're hungry. But my  "Daiquiris" we're on point.... I'll be backBad service and this place does not understand their own credit card agreement. They are refusing magnetic stripe only cards in violation of the credit agreement. Someone there does not understand the new agreement which says that if a chip is present use it to protect themselves if there is a fraud. But if there is only a magnetic stripe it may be used and fraud protections remain in place. No reason to give business to a company that treats customers poorly nor empowers their employees to think for themselves.For a more "fast food" chicken option, this was not bad at all. My friend and I decided that Willie's was somewhere a step above KFC on the fast food fried chicken ladder.
We were a little worried about our choice on our way there. On our first night in NOLA, we had asked our Lyft driver for some late night food recommendations. She mentioned Willie's and said that their special sauce was amazing and that people went to Willie's just for the special sauce. So for our last meal in NOLA (which had to be a fast one), we decided to check out Willie's. However, on our way there, we asked a different Lyft driver about Willie's, and he said that he'd never been there and that maybe we were confusing WIllie's Chicken Shack for WIllie Mae's Scotch House, which is a more legit restaurant known for its chicken.
But nonetheless, we went to Willie's Chicken Shack to check out the chicken.
Maybe it was because we had tempered our expectations, but this was not bad at all. The chicken was flavorful and the biscuit was soft and fluffy. I had a side of red beans and rice, which was ok-- not my favorite.
The staff here could have been a little more friendly-- at least take your order with a smile on your face. I went up to ask if they had to-go containers for sauce and the girl at the register gave me a really disgruntled look like I had just interrupted a really important conversation and in kind of a huff asked "what kind of sauce do you want?" I told her "the special sauce?" to which she responded with a look that said "Uhh. Are you kidding me? Don't be stupid." So I amended my request to ask for "hot sauce?" and was then handed a handful of Louisiana hot sauce packets. So I guess that answers my question of whether or not they make their own hot sauce...
Because the special sauce had been so hyped up for me, I wanted to try it, but the container of sauces at our table didn't have any labels on any of the bottles. The sauce that I thought might have been the special sauce ended up just being regular hot sauce. I had to go to another table to look at their labels to figure out what was what. The special sauce tastes a little bit like thousand island dressing mixed with something else. Don't get me wrong... it was good, but after trying it, I decided to just stick with hot sauce.
tl;dr: A pretty decent option for a quick meal! The chicken was surprisingly tasty!Great place to stop in and grab a daquiri. The voo doo juice was my favorite. One of the cheaper places to get a daquiri and there is one on almost every block.Legit got food poisoning from this location.  So did my wife.  Would give 1 star but the fries and their sauces are so damn good.I am more then convinced that this is the Popeyes of New Orleans. This place beats any fast food chicken spot I have ever had. Cooked to order and great drinks!!Food
I will be focusing purely on the chicken here as this is a chicken shop. We'd ordered mixed assortment of Willie's original chicken which included chicken breasts, wings, thighs, and drumsticks. Food was brought over to our table in a nice cardboard housing containing steaming hot pieces of freshly fried chicken with a nice crunchy exterior. The batter itself had abundant nooks of crannies and you could easily see the generous peppering within it. Breaking pieces off would yield hints of cajun seasoning and spices inside, evidenced by the bright orange hue. The meat was so hot that I had trouble picking at the breast meat underneath the wet batter, so I could tell this wasn't chicken that was just sitting under a heat lamp for hours. Breading was seasoned well, though at times a bit uneven as I thought the breast pieces were a bit saltier than the thigh (which did have a thinner layer of skin and batter). The quality of the chicken meat was nothing special, just the standard variety (don't think many fast food places sell freshly butchered chicken) but there were no demerits to this. All in all, a solid piece of chicken. I wish I had tried the cajun chicken tenders but I'd argue that the original recipe has an edge over KFCs, and slightly better quality of chicken over my fast food favorite, Popeyes (though Popeye's spicy chicken seasoning is still my favorite)
Price
Prices were reasonable for the upgraded quality of chicken. 8 pieces were 16.99 and 16 pieces were 26.99. Cajun tenders were slightly cheaper at 14.99 for 8 pieces.
Service
This is a self service fast food restaurant but there are people who will bring your chicken over once you grab your number and place it at a table. Seating is self-service. If you want water, you'll have to ask for it at the bar as the soda machines doesn't dispense water.
Overall
A solid fast food fried chicken joint with reasonable prices. Seasoning isn't anything special, and if anything, a tad bit salty, but if you're craving warm fried chicken that's better than the stuff you can find at a convenience store and don't wish to fry up your own, Willie's is open late for some late night munchies until 1 AM.Found this down the street from the hotel.   The chicken came out hot and fresh. The drink I had was good. I wish there was one close to me.  This is also a good spot to people watch.  I will definitely stop here before I go back home.Pretty much you feel sick after you eat it. Feels like everything is fried in wicked old grease and death. I feel like it's a popeyes knock off. I won't be back. D ratingSeriously listened to this dude cuss for 30 minutes while we waited for our food. Have some respect for customers. Talking about customers saying damn shorty you got a fat ass. Or she fine than a mother fucker come on man have some respect, bitch ass youngster!!!Drinks were good. Bartender Iris was amazing, pure southern hospitality. Her way of making you "feel at home". Go visit Iris! We didn't have the chicken but it must have been good bc the lines were long.The chicken is over priced and tasted like it was warmed in the microwave which didn't help because it is over breaded and fried. The French fries were good. I would not recommend this place to friends and family.The people working here were all very friendly and attentive. I ordered the chicken tenders and thought it took a while for them to get it ready, but when I tasted one I could tell why - the three tenders were huge and fresh and delicious. These chicken tenders are the best I've ever had. The mashed potatoes were nothing special and were reminiscent of a fast food chain and that might drag my rating down. However, the quality chicken and friendly service alone get 5 stars from me.I'll put this in my top 10 for fried chicken. Maybe top 5 on a good day. Since I am not a daiquiri person a good portion of what they have to offer was lost on me. But if you love the slushie concoction then this place is for you. They have a lot to choose from. I took advantage of the two for one beer and was quite pleased. 
The sides didn't blow my mind but the chicken was good. And that is really why you go. Place looked clean and the service was friendly and fun. Seems like a good place to fill up before hitting the Bourbon Street craziness.quite possibly the best fried chicken I have ever had.  the daiquiri bar looked interesting and the place looked a bit touristy but we were hungry, after a long flight, no breakfast etc.  the biscuit was a sweet surprise and the chicken was amazing.  they told us they were open till 2 or three am and I can say I bet this is one of the best hangover prevention cures... first meal in NOLA and was pleasantly suprised...  only problem was a slow order line...  other than that great service!
Regarding my edit... three days in NOLA, THREE days here.first night was busy. .. the sauce is amAzing....I ate a lot of chicken here. Mary is amazing. She elevated my dining experience beyond what I thought possible for a chicken shack. The pinnacle of hospitality has a name, and that name is "Mary."Visiting NOLA and checked out Willie's. The chicken is really fresh and tasty. The jambalaya is satisfying for most tourists probably. I did not enjoy my Frozen Willie's Cocktail and gladly gave it to a friend before ordering a Bloody Mary to hit the spot.The food was good until I saw a huge rat (or two) scary across the floor where the cooks were. Hell no!No..no..no..I have eaten at a New Orleans POPEYE's that tasted better. Plus they acted like the cash register couldn't ring up the chicken in the combination of pieces you wanted...if you eat here, don't ask for two thighs and wing...That is too hard a request for them. Plus it's pricey for plain ole fast food...mehMy son and I finally ate at a Willie's. The lady that waited in us was very helpful in helping us chose what to order. I liked the chicken strips with red beans and rice. Everything was seasoned well. The chicken was hot and cooked just right for me. My son said the fries we so so. He thought the chicken was better than Chic Fil A. Which was surprising since he loves Chic Fil A. I would recommend going.Way overrated and way to expensive for some chicken. The drinks are very good, the chicken was below average to me and the skin had a nice crunch but very little flavor on the actual meat.I'd like to have half a star only for the fact that the chicken is delicious. The staff is untrained up front. The manager is not good at customerservice . The cooks are amazing and they take great pride in their food and they try to get a good product out however the support staff doesn't leave much room for that to happen. this is our first time in New Orleans. I'm sure there are many other places we could go and tourists can go to have a good fried chicken and better service.Had some fried chicken and a mango daiquiri to go. Both were just ok. The chicken was crispy and juicy but I wasn't sure what I was expecting. It wasn't flavorful enough to make me dance but it was good. The daiquiri was a pleasant surprise as it was strong but it did not have real mango in it whatsoever. Don't expect that. Just expect to get a little tipsy.The food was gooooooodddd!!!! I had the chicken fingers meal and hubby had the catfish meal. Plus they have great slushy drinks just like fat Tuesday's. The price was great too!Stopped by late evening for a bite given the close proximity to my hotel. Chicken wings were just okay, nothing to write home about. Flavorful, but not unique in any way. The biscuit was my favorite part of the meal!I know this is a chain restaurant , but it has some pretty good fried chicken the service was very fast and friendly if your looking for something quick and good this is your placeThe ambience was the best this about Willie's. As a New Orleans native I expected much better chicken. Popeye's is better, not to mention cheaper. The tourist prices are ridiculous-$12 for a 2 piece chicken with a side and fountain drink. I would not recommend Willie's.Had a taste of the fried chicken, Mac n cheese at the second annual fried chicken festival. It was fresh and hot! Delicious!sooooo if your drunk for a late night snack willies chicken is the place you want to come to .. So delicious and well worth every bit and the chicken is pipping hot.. the biscuit has honey butter on it and is very fresh although it was a little doughy it was still delicious. The jambalaya rice was good as well and was very flavorful.. I recommend the one on canal street as it is much cleaner to me then the ones on bourbon streetWas really craving fried chicken.  And after day (and night lol) drinking,  we were hungry.   I got the 2 piece meal with mashed potatoes.  The chicken was crispy, juicy inside and delicious.  I am a sucker for fried chicken and this place did not disappoint! We had stopped at another Willies somewhere around Bourbon St and got slushies. The chicken was the perfect way to end the night.After visiting the Audubon Butterfly Garden, we were ready to eat. First we thought we'd try out the Red Slipper but the wait was over an hour and with two grandkids under six, that's just too long. So right across Canal Street was this hole in the wall place called Willie's Chicken Shack. So we decided to give them a try, how could you go wrong with fried chicken? We were not disappointed, prices were reasonable for New Orleans but the chicken was delicious. My wife stated it tasted just like her mom use to make! So if you like fried chicken, try Willie's Chicken Shack. Plus there were no waiting except the cooking time!Long story short, this some good food. Chicken is crispy and far from dry. Fries are bomb oh and don't even get me started with them biscuits! I'm not even exaggerating when I say that the biscuits literally MELT in your mouth. They also have several sauces set out on the table, and all I gotta say is, 10/10. 
Bottom line, the only way to describe Willie's Chicken Shack is by using the words "heaven sent". I've only been once, but as you can tell I'm pretty passionate about this chicken. Also mind you, I'm going all the way to NOLA at the moment from Houston, Tx predominantly for the reason of a second round of chicken. 348 miles ain't nothing right?!for a fast food slash daiquiri bar it is ok. they are all over new orleans and in the quarter. it's like if KFC and Wet Willies got together to make a baby!! I didn't drink but just had the food. I say the chicken was fried very well, crispy out side and juicy inside. hot sauce just makes it better. I had a side of jambalaya. This is great for quick late night food...i have to put food in this drunk lol..or you just was something simple.  Will definitely recommend to my group to check them out for late night meals...Good food, but the cashier came and asked for money for jambalaya 10 minutes from a buddy after we sat down to eat. What if we had it to go? Normally I don't care about something for 5 bucks, but when does a customer pay for a food establishment's mistake? I just feel like I've never heard of that before. #ChristinaI was pleasantly surprised. The chicken and frozen drinks(sour apple) were tasty. I will visit again when I am in New Orleans.Although the service was a little lazy and rude, the chicken and drinks make up for it. This is the BEST fast-food fried chicken ever, and possibly some of the best fried chicken period. I don't know if I like how the menu changes though...the first time I went, I found a combo I really liked, but the next time, it was gone. So I had to figure out what to get all over again. Oh well. Another great thing is their infused vodka -- not only does it look pretty in the glass container full of bright-colored peppers and vegetables, but it sure tastes good in their bloody Mary's. Willie's is da spot. I wish I lived in NOLA. :-)I had a great time,  with EXCELLENT customer service!  This was my first time here and in NOLA they were very patient and gave me awesome recommendations.  The frozen Cock tail was the bomb.  I had the all flavors in one talI cup,  I could not finish.  I also ordered the 3 strips with red beans and rice and a biscuit .  The biscuit was to die for.  The biscuit was buttery and sweet and melts in your mouth.  I read some of the reviews,  i did not see any roaches,  I guess I was not looking for them.  The shack was on time and will definitely return.The chicken here is very good.  But these things are popping up all over Canal Street and the Quarter like boils.  While everyone who works here is super nice, it was clean, the food was good, the daiquiris were good I can't help but feel like this is a weird Vegasification of New Orleans.If you're going to Willie's, you have likely been on or are on your way to Bourbon and looking for a quick bite. Can't go wrong here....chicken strips are always bomb, and the biscuits are soooooo good. Yes the lines are ambiguous and the service from the actual servers is terrible, but again, this is where pre or post-drunken people eat LOL Anyone expecting a ton more should be eating elsewhere.If you're looking for a fast food, fried chicken joint and headed out for the night on Bourbon, this is it. 
I'm not the biggest fan of the sides, but fried chicken and a liquor slushee. Whats to complain about? Definitely mix and match the slushes too. I usually get the chicken, red beans and rice, bread and a slushy to sip it all down.YUM and FUN!!!
Seriously, what's not to love about a place that has excellent fried chicken, delicious sides,  drinks/daiquiris on tap, friendly service,  big screen TV's, and killer music?!?!?!
So, at first, I wasn't sure if Willie's Chicken Shack was all that  or a tourist trap but when I walked in and caught me a whiff of their perfectly seasoned freshly fried chicken aromas I just knew, beyond any doubt, that Willie's is the REAL DEAL!!!
We were warmly greeted by the counter staff, awesome music, the latest game playing on their TV's, and a spinning drink machine. My goodness! I just wanted to call Airbnb and ask if I could stay here for a week! HOLLA!!!
Unlike Brother's, Willie's Chicken Shack ain't super cheap, but they is SUPER GOOD! Prolly my favorite take-out chicken thus far in fact. It's super light, crispy, JUICY, not oily, and not especially spicy, which I prefer, and is most likely the reason why they give you packets of Tabasco on the side. Personally, this West Coast boy likes to control how spicy hot his chicken is, rather than having to extinguish the flames later!
As for their sides, I LOVED their mashed potatoes and their biscuits were feather light and deeeeelicous!!! Next, I just gotta try their fish!!!
Awesome fried food + booze + entertainment = Willie's Chicken Shack WINNER!!!While the chicken here is pretty good, the quality does not warrant the price. 2 mixed pieces, 1 side and a biscuit will set you back $10, not including a drink or a breast. For an extra $1 for each combo you can make your chicken white meat. The red beans and rice were not my favorite as it was mostly just rice, and I believe it tasted like Popeyes beans. The jambalaya was not bad, but did not have sausage or shrimp, so for $5+ for a 3 oz ish serving, i would not order it alone as a side. o be honest, you're just paying for the location on Canal St and Bourbon, but you don't get horrible Bourbon taste and quality. The staff are as friendly as can be expected and quite helpful, especially to their drunk patrons. 
I have yet to try their daiquiris, but on each machine's flavor it lists which non rail alcohol is mixed in such as Bacardi, Jose Cuervo, Tito's and Everclear. Since the daiquiri prices are not listed anywhere in the restaurant I've been hesitant to purchase a cup fearing it would north of $7, but maybe next time I visit I'll try a daiquiri.Service was marginal. But the food was SO good. My husband claims these were the best chicken tenders he's ever had. Perfectly fried and juicy. The fries were great too! Biscuit fresh, fluffy on the inside and crisp on the outside.Chicken is straight fye! I truly loved this place! The music out here is awesome as well. I will definitely return for Mary, she was extremely nice and informative about the surrounding area. I'll make sure to stop by again for a quick bite before my flight.Delicious chicken and amazing, speedy customer service. I repeat, best fried chicken I've ever had.This Willie's is a good location because it's right outside the French Quarter so everything is a dollar cheaper.
The chicken is better and meatier than popeyes. The biscuits and fries are a little better too.We were looking for something that was a little less food.    This place has the best chicken strips and we will go backDisclaimer: This review is only for my experience ordering daquiris, not food!
I walked into Willie's looking for a daquiri, having walked by a few times during our stay in New Orleans. We saw a few flavors we weren't familiar with, so asked the woman at the cashier if we could taste them (it was pretty standard to offer samples in all the other bars we went to), and she said shortly "only two". So we both chose two flavors to taste, and then she said they were out of sample cups. She made no effort to come up with another solution (letting us taste it in a spoon or water cup seemed like easy solutions to me), which was irritating to me, but we paid and went on our way. Later, I noticed that the styrofoam cup I had received had red liquid on the outside. I chalked it up to leakage from the cap and wiped it off, but a short time later, I saw that the liquid was back, and realized that the drink was leaking through the styrofoam!
Don't bother coming here for daquiris! There are better places with more friendly staff and sturdier cups!We heard that this place had some of the "best chicken in America", so of course we had to go check it out to see the hype. Went there last night. Love the fact that it closes at 1 AM so you can go in case other restaurants close. Atmosphere was decent. Customer service was average, didn't really have high expectations for it honestly. 
Prices was a bit high too. We bought a five piece tender combo with fries and it cost around $14. Sheesh. Could have fed a Family of four with that much bread at Popeyes. We ordered takeout and left, walking distance from downtown hotels.
Food was actually overall, pretty good though! Very fresh taste and the tenders were big and juicy. Fries were decent though. If you're familiar with the great value seasoned fries at Walmart (Not to add as an insult cause those are surprisingly delicious), that's how they taste. So overall a pleasant meal.The ambiance is great but the chicken is tolerable. I went to the one on Decatur. Maybe the other locations are better but I will not be back for the chicken. The daiquiris are the bomb though.I have been to several Willies and I love love love them all. When I came here I tried the honey biscuits and they were better than I expected. The chicken is always good at each location. The reason why I gave them 4 stars is because the clerk was very rude. The location closed in 30 minutes and He let us know we had to eat what was already prepared :( Very Rude.Nothing to special about the chicken. The biscuits though are very good though with the honey drizzled on them. Overall still a good place to eat.The worse experience ever ....... no flavored wings at 9:00 on a Saturday night!  Fried chicken only ..... paid $5.00 for what appeared to be a half order of canjun fries .  They whisper your number and get an attitude when you don't hear them.  Most of the folks in there were drunk.... they should call it Willie's Get Drunk Shack! Don't waste your time or money.Terrible food and expensive. We got an order of chicken wings (6) which was $10. It didnt come with a drink or fries. I was thinking ok well maybe they are decent size wings with good sauce. Nope. Definetly not the case at all. Our other platter was the fried shrimp combo. Shrimp was ok nothing to talk about. Lunch turned out to be $30. The Staff was ghetto and rude. Better off going to McDonalds.Chicken was flavorful and crispy, red beans and rice have a little kick . Jambalaya was dry and tasteless , gumbo was alright I've had better . But 5 stars for the best chicken . It was clean , but restroom has a digital code to enter .Walked by and was looking for a fast casual place to eat and stumbled upon this place. It looks like it might not look good at all but it is the best fried chicken tenders I have ever had. They also had sauces that were in the tables rather than having to fight for sauce. 
The only down side is they would not give a water cup but do serve bottled water for 2.50Pretty good fast food but the service makes this a place to stop. Ashante was an awesome bartender and the whole staff was very friendly.Their frozen margaritas that come from the icee type machine is amazing!! Skip the yard stick and just get the large styrofoam cup that's the same price and I swear double the actual drink.We got the fried chicken with biscuits since we were pressed for time and had to eat before a tour. The chicken was cooked nicely and was seasoned heavily, so it was on the salty side from my point of view. The biscuit was a good pair for the chicken. Nothing stood out for us.COME EAT AT WILLIES AND SEE MS.MARY!!! She is so polite and friendly! She even came by our table to check up on us and ask us how we were and if we were enjoying our food. 
We ordered two 3 piece chicken tenders with fries and a biscuit and it was absolutely amazing! Best chicken, fries and biscuit I've ever had!Hot and fresh chicken strips. If you want to get a taste of NOLA you gotta stop and get a STRONG adult beverage and some chicken. You will wait awhile for your order but worth it. Go for the red beans and rice they have some real good flavor.It was good, the cashiers could be a little more friendly knowing tourist don't know the menu and have to ask questions. I know is typical chicken but still you can sense an IDC attitude. Just sayin'Wow, we couldn't stay out of here.. went 4 times within three days... We tried the chicken it was different than what we have in Chicago and the drinks were on point. We were gonna check out some of the other locations but they didn't have a full service bar, they only made hurricanes/from machines.  The last night in town my boyfriend wanted to get a quick drink but the bartender stated he didn't or couldn't make the drink 8/9.. sour note but we still give them props bcs the young lady who was there on Sunday 8/7 behind the bar knew what she was doing... We will visit again.I must say I came here after being on a binge of eating New Orleans amazing seafood. I wanted to eat something simple and quick so I decided to come to Willie's Chicken Shack. It was quick but nonetheless it was not simply. I got the 3 pcs fried chicken meal and it was amazing. The chicken was fried crispy and was very moist. The chicken is seasoned very well and made me want to eat every piece. The fries are crispy just like I like them and have a nice flavor. I actually ate here twice and the first time I had the shrimp basket. The shrimp was fried crispy and to perfection. While waiting I decided to get a frozen daiquiri with my meal. I settled on the pina colada made with Bacardi rum. I must say that the drinks are very strong but they taste really good. The bartender recommended that I mix the strawberry daiquiris and and the pina colada daiquiris together to tone down the alcohol. Her recommendation was accurate and very appreciated. I definitely got a nice buzz from their daiquiris. I can not remember her name but she was definitely a very nice and friendly young lady. Overall, I would definitely visit this spot again. Even if I was not purchasing food, I would stop in just to get one of their amazing drinks.Not too bad. Lunch was 2 chicken strips with Jambalaya. The sides menu is a bit confusing. Gumbo is on the sides menus but when you order the combo's, it's not one of the sides. 
Boo.
Anywho, if you like daiquiris, you can get that with your chicken.  Nice spin to the meal. The take home cup should have free or 1/2 prince refills. Would have to do the math to see how many ounces it is for the cost because it seemed so small. I'm not able to tell you how they taste because I didn't get one. Not a lot of flavors to choose from. 
The cashier must have been training because it took 10 minuets to place an order. No lie. Also, the music was overbearingly loud. Very loud. It was hard to hear just to ask questions. It's not too bad. 
Each visit is different so let's see how the next is if there is a next time.Hands Down The Best Chicken Spot Out Here. Wish They Would Franchise To Texas. Chicken Was Amazing, All Sauces Were Fire, && Those Biscuits Were AMAZING!!!!! Go There!This chicken is just ok.  The price may have changed my taste and that they don't offer anything other than a three piece.  Long story short after spending $40 for 6 pieces of chicken and a bowl of red beans and rice WILLIE SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF HIMSELF.Visited New Orleans with four teenagers and we had take out from Willie's on two occasions.  Food is fresh, biscuits are excellent and the food is hot and made before your eyes.  I wish they had slushy drinks without alcohol for the under 21 crowd, but then they did have a big selection of sodas and soft drinks.I was undecided between Popeyes and Willie's Chicken I'm so pissed off right now I didn't follow my mind and go with Popeye's Chicken. I normally read reviews before deciding but figured I'll give it a shot. If you're reading this review please DO NOT I repeat DO NOT eat at this place. The chicken is overpriced and over rated however I must say the read beans and rice was everything....My girlfriends and I stopped by Willie's on our way to Bourbon Street to get a quick bite before partaking in more drinking. I decided not to purchase anything because I wanted something more authentic but one of my friends ordered the Seafood Platter. All the meals come with a side and biscuit. I got one taste of my friend's food and I was straight HOOKED. We pre partied before heading out so it could've been the drunchies but it just hit the spot! The Seafood Platter comes with shrimp, catfish, and a bunch of fries. Everything is delishhhh but the biscuit takes the cake. It's infused with honey and it's extremely moist inside. It was so good we decided to go back the next day and it didn't disappoint. I ended up ordering the 2 piece chicken meal and the meat was tender on the inside and the skin was super crispy. Oh, and their choices of sauces are legit, there's 4 to choose from. 
Once I'm back in town, this will definitely be my guilty pleasure.We arrived late to stay at the French Quarter and after walking and walking we stop to eat here. Great food great staff great place!!!!The place was clean, the server was very nice, clean bathrooms, and cool decor.  Sadly the food was horrible.  The chicken was cold, meat was hard, had been sitting there a long time it tasted like.  There was almost no one inside and they could have fried some chicken up fresh if they cared.  The biscuit and the special sauce was good.   The chicken was some of the worse I've ever had.  Highly disappointed, especially at the price.  I've always heard this place was legendary.They were fast and great at helping you with the menu. I had the tender chicken meal and it came out hot and just cooked. The fries and biscuit were real good too. 
I can't see how you could go wrong if you just want some fried chicken that is fresh and maybe a daiquiri. As long as there is not a long line, you can get in quick.We stopped at this place after returning from a cruise. My husband and I got the chicken tenders combo, and the tenders were excellent. They are traditional southern-fried chicken. The honey butter biscuits are like eating a dessert! I wish I could take a whole batch home with me! This place is a little pricey but well worth it!Gal at the counter very friendly. Food was great! Price great! Will definitely be back!This was the best chicken I have tasted in a looong time . The chick was hot and fresh. Crispy and satisfying. The workers were very nice and friendly.Terrible service the girls in the front are rude and too busy acting up and ignoring their clients. I haven't even tried my food yet. Had to yelp on how slow, nasty and quite shameful the service was.Fresh fish, seasoned perfectly with yummy sauces! Very tasty plus they have big COCK Tails......We came here on vacation to Louisiana. It had high prices, and the food was terrible. It wasn't filling and tasted disgusting. 2/3 people in the group I was traveling with got heartburn. Definitely will never come back.Fries were super crunchy and yummy.if u like biscuit with honey then this is the place for u .chicken tenders were juicy and hot. Tad bit expensive but what can u expect!!!Chicken fried to order, biscuits loaded with honey, mediocre French fries. The "Willies Special Sauce" is to delicious, spicy and sweet!! We were expecting something similar to Canes Sauce but this is better!So, this food was delicious. It's your neighborhood chicken & biscuit shack  that does not lack in flavor! You can literally find them everywhere in New Orleans within a mile radius. I had cajun fried chicken and honey dipped biscuits, however it just took about 15-20mins to get my food, because they cook all the chicken fresh to order. Which I appreciate for quality, but being on the Canal St Strip, with thousands a people coming in everyday, you got gotta reload that chicken constantly, to keep the flow going. 
When the chicken came, it was fresh out the fryer, crunchy, spicy and golden delicious with some Louisiana Hot Sauce, paired with a fresh cold Arnold Palmer, and red beans and rice.
All were very good, didn't want to wait 20+mins to get my food though. Oh yeah, also, each Willies has different prices, I saw literally a $5.99 2-piece meal and biscuit in the French Quarters down bourbon st. And on Canal it was 7.99, I was like huh? So watch out for that. All in all, it was decent and slightly better than Popeye's!Its decent late night chicken, the red beans and rice are a bit soupy be prepared. Very very crunchy chicken. The atmosphere isnt special, its basically a daiquiri shop that sells fried chicken. Worth a try to say you did everything I guess.Hands down the best chicken tenders I have ever had! If you've never been to NOLA it's a must try and don't fret there is one on every corner on bourbon street so you can't miss it! Honey buttered biscuits are also a must try!Not only is the service probably the worst I have ever experienced - rude, tacky, in one word ghetto but the food is atrocious. I'm the type of person that can eat anything with everything and never get sick. Well apparently not willies... within an hour I felt like Mr Jones from Next Friday after he eats those tacos and his stomach starts rumbling. Never again.This was our  second visit to a Willies Chicken Shack, and I've enjoyed both occasions, they are located all through the French Quarter with this particular one being on Canal St. near the casino and Riverwalk. The atmosphere is lively with music booming with people on Canal St. shuffling by. I enjoyed my first visit (the one on Bourbon street) better than this location, the chicken just seemed to taste better that day. 
But overall it's decent fried chicken, I had the 2 piece dark with jambalaya and my wife had the same with red beans and rice, I liked the jambalaya but she didn't care for the red beans and rice, one person in our party was upset because she was told that she couldn't request a certain piece of chicken but had to take what they gave her (i.e. she couldn't ask for wing instead of a breast) even though she'd offered to pay the difference. Overall it was ok, I'd go again, it's in a tourist trap so expect to pay.OUU CHILLLEEEE this
The MOST NASTY ASS SHIT IN HISTORY! Yes I said it they should be giving that shit away for FREEE!!! Do you hear me FREE !!! They need to add some slap ya
Maw season on this chicken and the Jambalaya lord like it taste BURT ! Awful not even worth a
Dollar. ! Don't eat here you'll dieBad experience, the quality does not match the price. I do not recommend the buffalo wings, I repeat I do not recommend the buffalo wings.I was disappointed in the 6 piece Krispy Wings at $9.99 an order. The batter was not what I expected it to be.  The chicken was not tasty and not crispy as advertised.I saw a number of these places throughout the French Quarter. I stopped at this location on the walk back from The Riverwalk to order some frozen Hurricanes because we were hot from the walk from The French Market to the Riverwalk and a number of stops in between. 
Never in a million years did I think I would find a stronger drink on this end of Canal Street versus Bourbon Street. This was one of the strongest drinks that I ordered while in New Orleans. I noticed that this location listed Bacardi Rum 151 on the machine. Though I have never had Bacardi Rum 151, I remember hearing stories about when I was teen. I recall it being described as one of the stronger rums. Most of the Hurricanes that I had in New Orleans were not frozen and almost tasted like juice until that moment hit when I realized that it was stronger than it tasted. 
From the first sip of the frozen Hurricane from this place, I was like whoa.     By the time I got to my hotel, which was only about two blocks away, I had to sit down in the lobby for awhile. The next thing I knew I had to run across the street and pick up a Jimmy John's sandwich to buffer the drink. Thereafter, I had to sleep off the feeling from just that drink alone or maybe it had just been a long five days compounded by the heat that finally caught up with me. It was a good drink though and quite refreshing on that hot afternoon.Roaches roaches roaches climbing the wall and n the seats. Ppl were still there eating and darging the bugs.Fried chicken was excellent, but I usually love most fried chicken fast food joints anyway (Popeyes, kfc, etc). Inside the chicken was some layer of a spicy sauce or something that must have been injected into it. Kind of interesting. 
The chicken was placed on top of their fries, which made the fries super soggy, unfortunately. We ate at the restaurant too. Texture is super important to me, so the fries were not great in my opinion.
On top of that, no free water and no high chairs here. :( ... a bit hard when traveling with babies.Tried Willie's for the first time, on my second trip to NOLA. I ordered their chicken tenders. All I can say is they are better than Popeye's...and I love Popeye's. I just wish they had small orders of sides. I don't need a large size everything. The wait for chicken can be a little long because it's made to order. However, I'm not crazy about their famous dpping sauce. I prefer their bbq sauce, instead. Because they only serve large sides, I had to walk a few doors down to Popeyes anyway, for a small order of red beans and rice. I'll return when I'm in town.Great place for lunch, will definitely go back! Right on Canal St. looks small and like it might be hit because it's open but no it's goes further back and it air conditioned so it feels great and the food is fast, hot and good. Great atmosphere!Went here during Mardi gras with my friends. They had a set menu with three choices. It was pretty good fried chicken: crispy skin, good flavor, juicy chicken. The fried fish was fine, nothing to write home about. The sauces are probably the best part. They had four or five sauces at the table, so you just mix and match. It's a good on the go fast food.I came here to get some food for lunch,  they only had the mardi gras menu available, so I was only able to get the chicken tenders, jambalaya, and fries. 
I really wanted to try their boned chicken and biscuit.  The chicken tenders were pretty tender, but the jambalaya was too salty.  It didn't have that much flavor to me except for salt. 
Prices were pretty affordable. 
I would come here again, to try their fried chicken.There are several of these around Bourbon Street area and they stay open until 1am. On my visit I decided to go with the chicken tender meal with fries. The food came out fairly quickly and it was hot and fresh. We dined in and there were several sauces to choose from which were are tasty, the chicken was seasoned well and the biscuit was very good. Before leaving I also decided to grab a frozen daiquiri, for the price I could've done without. Overall good experience, the employees were friendly!Excited to see a place open and needed something to eat after being out and about. Came in here as it has the perfect combo...chicken and slushees. Well the pictures on the menu show saucy wings and when I got my wings, they were regular chicken wings, no sauce. The biscuit wasn't cooked all the way through but if it would've been cook right, it had potential to be really good. The service was okay. When we did mention our concerns to a worker, they were apologetic and listened well. This place has a great atmosphere but I won't be running back to visit.Went for the Essence festival and the chicken was really good.. The place stays open longer.. I would have given 5 stars but the ladies attitude was really stank.. And too expensive I'm pretty sure it was because of the essence festival that a 2 piece with 1 side was 10.00 - well I pray soThis nice and the food is good. I will come back here again next time I'm in New OrleansNice spot to pop in for chicken. Limited menu & sometimes crowded but the food is fresh.I really prefer Willies chicken over Brother's. I find Willies chicken tenders to be a lot more crispier and juicier.One of the best chicken we've had. The chicken was not oily and the fries and biscuit was very good. The best part is the sauce. They have a bottle of 'Special' sauce on their table that was so good. Willie's Chicken Shack is like Starbucks in the French Quarter. They have restaurant on every other street.  This was the only location we visited during our stay in NOLA but it was great visit. Customer Service was great and food was great.  The only thing we didn't like was the mash potato. That's okay. With their chicken, fries and biscuit, it's all you need. 
On their 'Special' sauce, I think it's the same sauce they use for their buffalo wings. If you're not sure about buffalo wings, you can always order their regular fried wings and use their special sauce on the table.Terrible Management & Service!  Being a 1st Time visitor, and after waiting in a ridiculously long line we were told that they weren't taking any more food orders...the food was in hold!  That was just Absolutely RIDICULOUS!!!  They put food on hold because they didn't have the staff to accommodate the orders!!!Ordered the chicken tenders and biscuit. The chicken was good but the biscuit was not fully cooked. After taking only one small bite from the biscuit, I asked for one that was fully cooked. The cashier told me absolutely not, the biscuits are cooked using a timer and they don't replace if they aren't fully cooked. A biscuit is really cheap so why not replace and if you're having issues with them coming out right why not increase the time by another 2 minutes? The frozen drink was amazing.We got the fish basket, delicious!! The fish was cooked so good, tasted amazing and with Willies special sauce it tasted even better. On Mardi Gras, food came out so fast, and so fresh!Best fried chicken I ever had.  Ambiance was dope.  People were nice. Music was nice.It was a quick bite that did the trick. The red beans and rice was good and the chicken was extra crispy.This place was pretty good. We sat in the back of the place because it had air versus in the front it was a littler warmer with the open doors. The slushy drinks were alright but my husband and I didn't taste the alcohol in them which was disappointing.  The chicken did not taste bad the only thing was I ordered 2 piece dark and got 1 dark and 1 white but I ate it anyways because the breast was juicy not dry. Things to consider when going to this place the floors are a little slippery (from the chicken and fish grease) and apparently you have to use a code to get into the restrooms (awkward). So everyone who walked to the back, had to go all the way back to the front of the restaurant to get the code off of their receipt unless they met nice folks like us to tell them the code because we assume they were paying customers.This Willie's location is like all the rest.  Bright and very, very loud.  We were tired and just felt like vegging in our hotel room, so we ordered an 8 piece to go.  This chicken was really, really, tasty!.  The breading was crispy and flavorful. Seasoned well without being overly spicy and not greasy in the least !  Wish we would have tried some sides.Oh yeah!  HOT, TENDER, TASTY CHICKEN. Made to order. Good anytime, but particularly at midnight.  Made the fatal error of adding a slushy after being out earlier drinking - which I DID NOT NEED, but not their fault. :)  The staff were nice, sent the order out to our table steaming hot and the busser told us "don't worry about it" ... picking up our crumbs when we were through. Next time we're in town, we're def. going to Willie's Chicken Shack again. Not fancy, but hits the spot. Nice way to end an evening in the quarter. Wish they had that kinda chicken in this LA - but it never tastes the same away from NOLA any way.   A   (Last visit:  Nov. 2019)Waited over an hour and fifteen minutes, food never came. Stood in line again to get a refund.  The chicken smelled good. I actually sat in there so long I still smell like fried chicken and I'm back in my hotel room. 
Some customers had their number pushed on the glass showing the cook begging to find their ticket. Pitiful.Wow the food here is phenomenal. Ordered the 5-piece tenders which comes with fries and a biscuit. In addition my husband ordered Chicken along with a side order of grits. We ordered this meal on Monday, July 1, 2019 and it was nothing short of delicious. Located near the voo-doo mart. Definitely recommend this place. Did i forget to mention they have Daiquiris!! 
They have multiple locations within walking distance however this one was great.Berry ( or the woman singing at the counter ) was very nice!! I loved her. 
The food... Well, if you are a tourist, please do not think this worst than fast food is anything New Orleans. It is pretty bad. The shrimp plate at 9.95 for 6 pieces of terrible frozen shrimp and fries that were both frozen at greasy were not worth more than about 4.95. The chicken was ok. But right around the corner at Brothers you pay half the price and get more food. Better food. This is basically just bad fast food at 9.95 plus a plate. Go across to Popeye's, you would be better off.We are at a very expensive restaurant, and can honestly this place is a 100 times better. Skeet skeet!The food was ok but the daiquiri are pretty good. I enjoyed the atmosphere especially the music.Came into town on a Friday night for my bachelorette party weekend. Our hotel was near this particular Willie's Chicken shack so we decided to stop in. I have been to other Willie's on Bourbon and the chicken was amazing, however, this Willie's on Canal, not so much! First, we encountered the RUDE lady at the register. We had a large party so all of us fitting in was challenging. She apparently was aggravated, and insisted that we "move out of the way!" When I explained to her that we are all together and it was difficult for us to move since the restaurant is so small, she insisted again "well y'all need to move, we have other registers!" I was appalled to say the least! Now on to the food...so we ordered chicken and side of red beans and rice. The chicken was over cooked, almost burned and the red beans and rice were flavorless and not fresh.  I was very disappointed in the service and the food. Needless to say, I will not be returning nor will I recommend. I gave it 2 stars because the other lady at one of the other registers was very nice and accommodating. I wish I had of looked for the names however I did not.The fish is amazingly good for "fast food". The red beans and rice were a good foundation for a day of touring, imbibing, and shopping.
I had Willie's twice while here, once in person and another via UberEATS. The fish was fresh in both instances.Great for a late night meal! We came after a night out and got a mango daiquiri, chicken wing combo, and cajun chicken combo. The fries, biscuits, and fried chicken were amazing! The flavor and crisp were great. It was quick, they had great music playing, and the staff was friendly. Be sure to use the special sauce- it definitely solidified the 5 star review for us.First time customers and we loved our Willies experience. Fried chicken was excellent and the gumbo was full of flavor. Would definitely return for some chicken!!Ugh. Had a hankering for fried chicken, but I regretted this one. Ordered the 4 piece chicken combo, came with biscuit and fries. They use way too much batter and while you'd expect some grease, I certainly didn't want to wear it--and the floors were slippery. Gave it 3 stars because the size portions were decent and, after all, this is a fried chicken joint. I think I may have better appreciated it had I been drunk...but then again, I wouldn't have been in the state to even post a review.It is what it is: a place for chicken, shrimp, fries and medium (really large) and large (XL) sized strong frozen drinks. Had the drinks on my 1st visit to NOLA and this time I decided to eat and drink. The chicken and fries are seasoned well and their sauces are good. The frozen slushie type drinks (mango, strawberry, hypnotiq, margarita, piña colada, Willie's special) are strong, sweet and good.  Everything about this place is cool and the best part is that you can stay and eat there and then take the drink to go!!This is a popular chain and we saw several on canal street so we decided to go in . 
We got one order of buffalo chicken wings (6) and they were fresh and surprisingly tasty . It comes with a buttermilk biscuit which was one of the best commercial biscuits I've had in a long time . 
They also have about 8 choices of the frozen alcohol concoctions NOLA is known for. My friend got one (mixed) and she said it was potent and delicious. I asked for water. you have to buy a 4 dollar bottle because they don't offer free cups .  
They actually would've gotten 4 stars if not for the curt bordering on rude service and the price (28 bucks for our order)Great chicken tenders for a fast food joint. I loved the red beans and rice as well. Friendly staff and good late night food.Real talk... Mary showed us True southern hospitality- we will be back! Wonderful food, drinks and service Thank you Willie's!Came here on a Sunday night when the Saints were playing and was treated to a show. But first the food. I got a 3 piece combo, which comes with a biscuit and a side. The chicken was fresh out of the frier. The outside was crunchy and the inside was moist. The breading was tasty as well. The jambalaya was actually one of the tastier ones I've had in New Orleans. And the biscuit... Wow that was one really tasty biscuit. It was hot, the inside was moist and they covered it with what I'm guessing is honey. Really delicious.
This location had TVs mounted on the walls with giant speakers so I came in to watch the game. The game itself was great, but the other customers and people passing by to watch the game made it even better. Even the workers joined in on the cheering. The whole experience was exciting and delicious.The fried chicken was delicious! I wasn't expecting much to be honest, but it was probably one of the best fried chickens I have ever eaten. There was something about the skin that just tasted so good. The red beans and rice was also really good. I'm not sure if it was not as fresh, but I wasn't thrilled with the biscuit. Overall though a yummy dinner!EPIC chicken!! Let me say this again, EPIC CHICKEN!! The service was fast, friendly, and wonderful. The chicken was juicy, hot, fresh, and my wife and I could not get enough. It was fairly priced and a wonderful friendly atmosphere.
I will definitely go back during my next trip to New Orleans. Keep up the great work!...I hate the fact that the chicken was delicious. But I will never again pay 18 dollars for 6 buffalo wings and an order of fries. Imma pray for yahll..Group went to try the chicken. Looked the the order takers were new. How many lines were there? One? Two? Three? Hard to say due to lack of input from the cashiers. Here are a few things to get the process going:
"Next!"
"Next in line!"
"Next customer!"
Much better than a bunch of hungry tourists and three indifferent cashiers.This place is a true must go to when u go to new Orleans  I mean u will never view chicken the same this place is the best I have ever ate at forget popeyes  forget chic fila this is new OrleansIf you're looking for some good chicken strips with fries and a biscuit I definitely recommend this place. The food hit the spot for me! The biscuit was sooo delicious I believe there was honey butter infused in itLong line to get in to order, super patient untili started to see  the roaches crawling not only on the floor but the counter next to the frier. 
Immediately asked for a refund.  
One word. DISGUSTING.Great chicken. Fresh and hot fries and chicken biscuit is amazing. Has hint mixed into it. Service was not so great. Was told my total and was expected to give money to the lady. Come on...By far the best biscuits in all of NOLA! The chicken is good and hot, but taste the best when you're intoxicated.  Always get  the Hurricane as drink beside the soda.A late night bite after fasting during the six hour Wrestlemania spectacle. This was just a few blocks from my hotel.
There was a line out the restaurant that I spent about 10 minutes standing in while it was misting. After I ordered, all of us in line found a second register that could have saved us a bunch of time. 
Their system for getting orders to customers was really inefficient. Yes, I spent a little bit of time in line but I ended up waiting nearly 45 minutes just to get my food. It looked as if all the tickets printing near the food stations were collected in a mess as my ticket order wasn't picked up until a few us noticed that four ticket order fell the side, one of them mine... and it turned out many people who ordered behind got their order before me.
I ended up picking up a couple orders of chicken with fries and red beans and rice. All was delicious. The chicken skin was definitely the best part of the meal.
Definitely a four star meal but having to wait 45 minutes for a chicken order as a result of a ordering process mess up lost a star.Great chicken! Biscuits are fantastic! This is a fun place to grab a quick snack while walking around New Orleans. They seem to be on every street.I was looking forward to going here as many people were saying how good the chicken is. I finally decided to go, there was a pretty long line so I figured why not, I had a nice little buzz going and the prices were not outrageous. Shortly after ordering my food, I'm sitting across from the bar and from the fryers where they are cooking this "famous" chicken. As I'm sitting there I see something scurry across the counter, I'm thinking "oh it's a fly, no big deal" until I see a scurry in the opposite direction. At this point, I'm looking around like am I the only one seeing this? So I'm focused on the counter waiting for them to fly away, they never did. Then it was like a scene from Joe's apartment, roaches start running over napkins and straws in this dimly lit restaurant and no one else is seeing them and it's like the twilight zone. People come up to the counter, grab their food and napkins and the roaches are jumping from biscuits and rolls and hiding under food trays. At this point I had enough. I calmly went up to the counter and asked for a refund trying my hardest not to make a scene. I ask for the refund the employee calls the manager who comes over and begins the refund process. She asks what happened and I calmly said you have roaches, while pointing to one hanging out on her register. The employee begins to laugh behind her, and I asked why she was laughing and she just walked away. I said if all you can do it laugh, you know you have roaches and you are serving food to people this is disgusting. If I could give negative stars I would. The health department needs to come and shut this place down.They should call this place heat lamp heaven ( you will see you the pre-cooked food under heat lamps for hours, tourist trap, stay away, absolutely the worst service and manager on duty at Beach Club location on Bourbon street almost had to call the police to get a refund for our order not being correct. Manager was so mad when corporate called her and had her reverse our charge on the credit card she basically told us to get the heck out of here and threw a sign in our face to call this number. We will be following up further with legal.Good food, if you are willing to wait 1h to get it! Not sure what's going on, we could see the counter full of fried ready chicken, but no one was putting any order out. Many customers asked their money back!
Bad, horrible service. Doesn't worth the wait, and it's terrible for families with young children. We're never going back.This restaurant moves like snails, the employees need better management. Coming from a city full of restaurants that are twice as busy as this one there is no excuse. The employees let several tickets and by several i mean over 20 tickets back up before even looking at the orders. I don't know how the food tastes because we still haven't gotten our food after 40 minutes. Wouldn't be back for anything in the world. By the way our cashier was rude and not hospitableFood was good and location is great.  Pull up a chair on the deck and you have a great view of all the craziness burnout street has to offer.This place exceeded my expectations! Given the location I figured it would taste like your typical drunk munchies, but wow the flavor was really good and the breading was light and crispy on the tenders and they were really juicy. The fries were seasoned well and the little honey biscuit was delicious. I loved the selection of dipping sauces on the tables. These are the chicken tenders I will compare all others to from now on.This is the worst chicken I've ever tasted.  Absolutely horrible!  The chicken was cold, greasy, and had no taste.  The biscuit was half done as well.  You literally have to be drunk to eat this crap!This is an amazing place to eat and the service was the greatest I have ever received. Kiera took my order and went above and beyond what is expected and deserves praise and attention for her abilities. she had an influx if customers but treated me like I was the only one she had to take care of.   Her customer centric focus deserves a promotion.I just arrived and It is the first place I decided to try on my trip to New Orleans! The place was very clean and offered a pretty decent variety of dishes. They also had a great selection of Spirits, different flavor Frozen Daquiris and of course, New Orleans signature drink "Voodoo".  It was too early in the afternoon to start drinking so I tried their Traditional style buffalo wings and Cajun Fries. I wasn't very impressed but they weren't the worse. I am not used to eating so much deep fried food and was hoping for some tender chicken under all the layer of batter.  The Cajun Fries weren't bad and had flavor.Great to drop in for drinks while out walking around. The chicken looked good but i couldn't get past the grease smell rolling out of the place. Friendly staff & fast service ( on the beers we had) ... Other folks said the chicken was good so I'll just take their word for it. Way too much grease smell for me to handle.Awesome !!!! We loved it ! 
Late night snack perfection ! 
You can't compare this to any chain in the Midwest .
Churches , Popeyes , Browns , blah .... yuk compared to Willies .
I went back before we left town for another treat ... so good !I was not going to review this place, but this is the second visit of old chicken. The chicken is rubber. Last time, I purchased a chicken meal. This time, I purchased hot wings. Both time, chicken was old. Red beans and rice were better than the chicken.Let's just say I'm sitting at work on 6/16/2016 craving Willie's Chicken Shack on Canal, when I haven't visited since 10/31/2015!
We needed a quick bite to eat before we headed over to the Bourbon Street shenanigans on Halloween night and boy were we not disappointed. It was conveniently located to our hotel and didn't have the crazy lines like you would see on Bourbon St. or Royal.
I ordered the chicken tenders, French fries, and I just had to try the mashed potatoes. Holy Carbs.. I know. 
But everything was perfect. I was expecting the food to be equivalent to a Popeye's but it was so much more flavorful and made to order so piping hot. Not to mention the hot sauce sitting on the table was an absolute win! Perfect pairing.
Now time to start the planning to make it back.Yesss! The go to for a quick hot fried chicken special! I had the chicken tenders with jambalaya. Everything was hot and tasty. The tenders were juicy and hot! I added the Willie's special sauce which had a little kick!! Yessss! Go try...Spend your money elsewhere customer service sucks young people do not value their jobs or care that your hard earned money is paying their salary! And from other reviews they have a roach problem as well, I've visited two other locations this one is the worst.  Just as an update this chicken gave us diarrhea.  Save yourself and don't do it, it's the same chicken as Krispy Krunchy if you are familiar with the chain.  The chicken is good but you'll pay later. Bad customer service, a bug infestation and the shits no thanks.may be good for lunch when there is a lot of turnover.  we opted for the catfish because the chicken looked as though it had been cooked for a while.  catfish was fresh cooked but still not as good as we hoped.  fries were old and not good.  rice and beans were good. biscuit good. expected better quality than popeye's. staff was friendly so the grade is expectation of better food.Walked by this place multiple times while down here and finally had a chance to stop in.  If I hadn't been with a friend, I probably wouldn't have came in at all.  I honestly thought that this was just another bar along the street in New Orleans.
You walk by and you are greeted with a blast of AC and the vibrating bass of music coming from the inside.  When you take a quick glance, you see a bar and you kind on keep moving.  
Came in and looked around, checked out the menu and I decided it wasn't for me.  My friend however decided to partake and enjoyed herself.  As she was ordering I decided to make use of the facilities.
All in all, wasn't a bad experience.Willie's chicken is good. I have been eating it for years, but I will NEVER go back to this place. I stopped in on a very slow night, maybe 5 other people in the place. After waiting for more than 20 minutes I checked on my order and got some BS from the person that I assumed was the manager, after her rude comments I had her give me a refund and I left. Do yourself a favor, walk 3 minutes somewhere else, ANYWHERE  else.  And get something to eat.It was late and we knew we would be hungry once we got back to the hotel. This place was open and you can't go wrong with fried chicken. It seems s lil pricey but the wings and tenders were a pretty decent size so can't really complain. My husband and I don't really drink but we saw everyone on the street with a daiquiri cup so we just grabbed one at one of the other locations.Quick and yummy fried chicken, good sides, and drinks to go. This location is convenient for passers by, located by the tourist info booth. Perfect place to grab a bite and drink.
We came in several times during our stay and experienced on point customer service each time. 
Don't expect to come in here just for the bathroom...you probably won't be able to pass up the food anyway.Got the 4pc Mixed ($19).
Chicken wasnt dry so thats a plus. I do think they oversalt it though. They def do come out hot and fresh. It was so hot I still couldnt eat it after 7 mins of having it lol. Cant really say much else about it. I didnt love it and didnt hate it. It is a lil pricy for fried chicken technically but im not sure if its comparable for other fried chicken spots in Nola.Listen here this chicken is amazing!!!  It was hot, fresh and made to order. It was the most crispiest and juiciest  piece of meat I have ever had in my life. On top of that, it was seasoned to perfection. I just lived the entire experience and I will be back before I leave. It was definitely one of the highlights of my trip.Nice place good food and even better drinks! What more can you Say! It's a must try in NOLA!This place is a vibe, the food was good I hate that I couldn't substitute my fries for another side, that was the only downside. The Hurricane (drink) was great. This was my first time in NOLA, I def recommendCrispiest tastiest chicken in NOLA. It was so amazing to try something local that had drinks , chicken wings , jambalaya , and red beans and rice. The lines can be long but they move pretty fast worth the wait Tbh.I would come back here to eat just for the biscuits!  They were sweet, flakey and melt-in-your-mouth-delicious!  I also tried the chicken strips and red beans and rice.  The chicken strips were ok, but the red beans and rice weren't that impressive.  
We were staying in the Marriott and didn't feel like going out for dinner, so this location was convenient and fast.This place is waaaaaaay overpriced. Had I not had per diem to spend I would never have eaten here. As for the food, it's a mixed bag.
The chicken is good...almost. I appreciate this spot's unique take on fried chicken. This chicken has a very specific and robust flavor profile that I appreciate for its boldness and uniqueness. I've never tasted fried chicken like this before. With that said, for all the uniqueness and boldness of flavor, it wasn't all that good. I don't think it was the seasoning as much as it was the burnt oil the chicken was fried in. However, the honey biscuit was light and fluffy and the fries were well seasoned and crispy. 
I also got a super expensive side of jambalaya that was absolutely forgettable. With all the unexpected bold seasoning on the chicken, I was surprised the jambalaya was so bland. It was a total miss.
I'd never visit this place again. Way too much money spent to not be completely satisfied.I went it with my gf and we spent 20$ for 2 people and got 6 wings with fries for lunch and we were good after! This is a great place for wings because it's quick and easy. There's a menu when you go in and you go to the cashier and they serve the food to you. They have music blasting but it goes with the vibe there. If you want quick delicious wings then go here!!! They are soooo good!!!TOTAL tourist trap trip off. Grossly overpriced,  cold, mediocre chicken and absolutely NOTHING positive to say about it.The best chicken I've ever had in my entire life. I wish I could ship it back to Florida. As a matter of fact I'm looking into that now it's so goodLate night chicken! 
They only had tenders left and Dr Pepper / coke. The later you go the more limited selection of items. But it was hot and delicious at 1am!This is a review strictly for service purposes:
While visiting this location I literally had the nastiest exchange with a Caucasian male employee of this establishment. It was unusually busy due to an event going on in the city. After I ordered my food I asked the gentleman if he could let my tenders fry a little longer because I like them really crispy. This man told me no and when I asked why not he said "I don't feel like it". To which I replied that as a paying customer I have a right to have my food served to me the way I want it. He proceeds to literally throw the food he gave me in the fryer. When I asked to speak to the manager he denied my request and kept restating he was the regional, general, and district manager.
I'm disgusted that this man would think that it's ok to treat paying customers like this and because of this I will never patronize another Willie's Chicken Shack ever again.  I will also make sure to let my friends and family know of this and we will take our support to another local business.As you hang out in the French Quarter you can't avoid walking past one of the multiple Willie's Chicken Shack restaurants. So since we never did make it out to Willie Mae's for the fried chicken we settled for the next best thing. On our last afternoon in New Orleans we stopped in and tried one large piece each of Willie's fried chicken. It was very good with a thick crispy batter coating. The chicken was juicy and moist. However the best was the side of biscuit, so tender it was like a dinner roll and the side of jambalaya was excellent.  The jambalaya was a combination of dirty rice with shredded chicken. Not Cheap $12.30 
We also got one of Willie's mango daiquiri slushy. Its so sweet that, the hang over is coming as soon as you come down from the sugar high. The slushy's must be really popular on hot days since it stays frozen a long time. Lots of different flavors.Chicken tenders so delightful and delicious, the chicken just falls apart and tastes so buttery and chickeny with a light, delicate, non-oily crust. It comes with a sweet savory biscuit that is a beautiful thing I plan to write poetry to:) The drink is a frozen mango concoction that lives up to its promise as "the stiffest drink" and is surprisingly light on the palate. Best meal I've had in New Orleans and nice on the pocketbook as a little bonus.In what turned out to be an unfortunate pattern in quite a few places in the French Quarter, we found another place that provided good food with pretty terrible and apathetic service. Willie's Chicken Shack definitely fit this description to a tee.
Wanted a late night snack and ordered an order of wings to go. There were people sitting down eating, but no one waiting to place an order. Score, we thought. Wrong. Took a few minutes to even find an employee and when we did they seemed to be pretty bothered that we found them.
That being said, when we sampled the wings they were very tasty! Very large and over sized breaded wings! They were thick and dense and the perfect late night (alcohol fueled) snack. Plenty of dipping sauce was provided as well.
So, to summarize: Good food, terrible service.
What a shame.
2 stars.No issues, fast service!! Got the wings and gumbo, it came out fast everyone in our party was happy.Chicken moist, batter bland but crispy, the Jambalaya was dried out brown rice with dried out chicken pieces and sucked. Would not recommend. I think they only plan on serving a customer once, the place was near empty but had folks who could not get in the Shake Shack down the street (we followed them into this place). Run.For cheap dives with food and booze this is a decent spot.  The fried chicken was nice and crispy and the red beans were tasty enough for fast food.  The biscuit....a deee-licious ball of buttery and honey goodness.  Be smart and order two.  The slushy alcohol drinks are pretty good too! The added bonus is that the floors are so greasy one can skate like Hans and Gretel Brinker.Service was crap. Received the wrong order twice and the employees didn't seem to comprehend that we wanted what we ordered and not what was put in the bag. When they finally realized we were not gonna take what they gave us they took an extremely long time to cook a new batch while we saw others getting the same food we had to wait for.  They seem to think that waiting 40 mins for 6 wings isn't anything to worry about. Honestly didn't even want my food anymore but I already paid and knew for sure they were not about to give me a refund when they couldn't even give me my 6 wings. And floor is slippery so if you chose to take ur chance here be careful u don't slip and fall.Not bad for a fast food change. The chicken is nice and crispy and so flavorful. Definitely one of the best friend chicken I ever had as far as fast food chains go.Came here after a few drinks. Great fried chicken. Loved it. It's on the corner by all the bars. Great to grab a quick bite. Music was lit as well lol.Im from California never been to New Orleans wanted a quick bite with a southern flare. We have Popeyes back home, which I like, so I figured Willies Chicken Shack would be equally  tasty. Especially since I saw three of them b within  a few  blocks from each other. I was very disappointed.  So was my dad and husband. Menu items were minimal and No substitutions allowed. Chicken was crunch, just average in taste. THe few fries we got ( with a combo) were limped  and although barely enough for one person, a few were still left. My dad was looki g fwd to the NOLA flare in the gumbo and jambalaya,but...they both were bland. On top of that service was lacking. Staff: waiter and cashier were very unassuming and slighty rude; even after we explained it was our 1st time. Upon leaving my husband told two gentlemen that appeared to be cooks "ya'll need to hire my wife". I replied they dont need me, "I'm sure they know their own wives or girlfriends could probably cook better. 
We left full but definitely not satisfied.Solid fast food joint. Honey biscuits are unique and the chicken is tender and tasty. I'd come back here if I needed something fast!This place was a solid 3 stars for me. It came out fresh and piping hot but it was too greasy and oily for me. The fries got soggy from the chicken grease. The was my belly is set up there was no way I could play myself and eat it. If you're anything like me then go somewhere else. I ate the chicken and with some assistance of hot sauce I ate most of it. 
The biscuit was what helped this place earn 3 stars. That and the frozen drinks.