Love the atmosphere, the food is good and a nice change of pace for the city.  I enjoy sitting at the bar and the staff has always been friendly.  The baked goods look delicious piled up high on the counter as you enter the restaurant.Omg yum! Best brunch we had while in New Orleans! While the hot buttered crab toast looked the best, the biscuits and gravy stole the show. The pastry bar in the front was also a very cute display. I wished I saved enough room to grab some pastries to go! It'll be on our list when we return to New Orleans!First trip to New Orleans and we decided to eat breakfast here.  The biscuits and gravy were outstanding and only cost $9.
Fast service and the wait staff stayed on top of everythingIncredible experience! Tremendous food and service in a trendy, comfy atmosphere.  Wonderful coffee to go (using Intelligentsia beans)!  
The food was phenomenal - avocado toast, crab hollandaise, banana bread, and the fritters.  All to die for.  Order 5 small splits of bubbles for $54.
All in all, and excellent place to brunch.  Highly recommend!!Love the service, food, and hospitality. We ordered the yummy cornbread (highly recommended), the fried chicken, and the avocado tartine.....pleasantly surprised with them combination of foods. 
For dessert we ordered the delicious red velvet cake which was truly amazing. 
Hector was are server - very knowledgable on the items ordered as well as excellent recommendations.This place was welcoming and the staff very friendly.  It was also extremely affordable with high quality food.  It was so close to our hotel that we ended up going twice and me being a sucker for soups I got soup each time!  The first visit I ordered the roasted tomato soup with grilled pimento cheese sandwich. I have a major thing for pimento cheese and since I was in the south I had to try it.  The combo was heavenly.  The second time we went we got a bunch of appetizers including the roasted beet salad, the artichoke dip, and both the salmon and avocado toast.  So I ordered a small main dish and that was the French onion soup...which again absolutely delightful.  If you are looking for some good comforting southern food this is the spot.Great place and great bakery selection. 
The decor makes this place super comfortable.The CBD is always a fertile launching pad for fun, upbeat eateries with a catchy theme and Willa Jean's is my latest discovery in that category  Their breakfast menu is to die for with cheesy shrimp(and lots of them) velvety grits, along with the lightest, flakiest biscuit I 
have ever drooled over Breakfast salads
with salmon toast and desserts too creative
to describe, but all unique and choices of fresh fruit compotes , fresh made ice cream, and salty caramel parfaits.  I could go on for paragraphs .  Best thing is just go try this reasonably priced, easily accessible 
delightful new establishment as soon as you can. Your taste buds will thank you.Great food, great service, usually a minimum of a half an hour wait time because what's good is popular and they don't take reservations. Fried chicken and waffles and the hangover beef are my yummy go tos for brunch. Not the place to go if you're on a diet. Almost every time I visit NOLA I try to go to Willa Jean!Best breakfast I've ever had in NOLA! Wonderful food & staff! Is definitely a favorite & will come back on any future trips back to NOLA.Great cafe pit stop near financial district! Love the frozen cocktails and beer selection... staff was amazing, specifically Jessica behind the bar. Amazing bartender, amazing service. Love this place!In town on business and wandered over to this new spot for some dinner. So glad I did!! This will certainly become a neighborhood favorite! 
Had a lovely waitress named Jenna and a wonderful southern dish with a twist of modern style!  
Don't forget to top off your meal with the peach blackberry cobbler!Bravo! Bravo! Bravo!
I am not a Besh snob, but I do enjoy his restaurants. We had a superb dining experience with great atmosphere. The checkered cotton blend shirts with slim fitting dockers (on guys) was interesting. 
This area is really booming. First Rouses, them WJ! Furniture place across the street brings high end vibe to this CBD area. Also noticed Company Burger and cool pizza place. The pizza place is definitely on my list.
Starters was mac & cheese. Very picky about my cheese. It was good but not great. Moving on to meal. Hubby had meatloaf dish. He had no complaints. I had the grilled fish sandwich. It was really GREAT!! 
I wanted milk & cookies but I absorbed enough calories, including uncorked tasting wine. 
I will be back with my sisters, friends, baby, hubby! Happy Hour, coffee & dessert, dindin! Whoever wants to go back with me.First of all, one of my favorite brunches in the city. Excellent food and atmosphere--chicken biscuit, grits, crab roll not to be missed. But even better, I just walked in here on Mardi Gras day, in a costume, looking absurd, and was told by the friendly hostesses that they would figure out a way to seat my party of five. After running into trouble and attitude (understandably, Mardi Gras is stressful!) at similar places, this was a delightful change of pace. Love the always accommodating staff at Willa Jean! Definitely worth your visit.We called in at 11:30 on a Sunday to make a reservation for 4. Got a 12:15 and when we walked in the wait was already starting. By the time we left the pastry / host counter was chock full of people waiting.
We ordered the Monkey Bread, Yogurt and Granola, Shrimp and grits and Huevos Rancheros. 
The Monkey Bread was plentiful and gone in a flash. I didn't try it but the three little Shinns tried to lick the quarter sheet pan they came on.
The Yogurt (homemade) was very smooth and had a creamy tang that was refreshing in the heat of the day. The oldest Shinn ate all the granola so I don't know personally how good it was but I reckon v good or I woulda got to try it.
The Shrimp and Grits were good, a solid version of this classic. Not the best I've had (Tanya Holland's from Brown Sugar Kitchen take that distinction) but very good.
The Huevos were delicious, with tortilla strips on top like tortilla soup. The corn tortillas were soft and easy to cut, the black beans were smooth, creamy and flavorful and the red sauce was smoky and delightful. Some of the best Huevos Rancheros I've had. 
The people watching was fun, and the space has lots of interesting decor elements to notice if you're into that. It's a big open space that makes acoustics a little reverber-y but not a deal killer.
The service is a little slow to greet tables but was on point throughout the meal.Ehhh
I mean the food is good and the staff is friendly and helpful but this place is just way too overpriced. 
Our order/my rating:
biscuits with jam and butter (5/5)
huevos rancheros (4/5)
kale salad (3/5)
Overall, this place has a New York City vibe which is a lot of fun and slightly uppity and comes with New York City prices.Sat at the bar area and had one of their iced teas and the kale salad with chicken. Food came out quickly and was delicious  plus the ambiance of the place was really nice. Only taking off a star bc I wish the serving of salad was bigger but perhaps I was just really hungry.I've only come for breakfast,  but the food and service great.  Moderately priced.  Expensive OJ.  Expect to pay 15 per person for breakfast.  Coffee was good.I've been brought goodies from here many times and bought goodies for myself. Friends and I all take turn stopping by and finding new yummy stuff to bring each other. Hands down the best chocolate chip cookies.  Lovely breads. Love it.Made it to Willa Jean twice on the trip, although I hated repeating a place on such a short visit. But it was close to the hotel and easy to do a final breakfast before going to the airport. My breakdown of the two meals:
AMBIANCE: Top notch. Warm, open, bright. Lots of space, very well designed, and great service from everyone. 
FOOD:
Best: the griddled meatloaf sandwich. This thing was excellent from start to finish. Perfectly seasoned meat, great onion strings and a nice bun (which ended up being mostly useless for holding the sandwich but was still tasty). This is a can't miss. 
Cornbread with cane syrup was also really nice. Warm, fresh and full of flavor. Hard to stop eating. 
Good: the shrimp and grits I had for breakfast today. Flavors went well together, including the little cheddar biscuits that were included in the skillet. 
Of the cookies, I would say the peanut butter chunk and oatmeal with dried fruit were the two winners. 
So-so: I wasn't impressed with the croissant at all. Lamination didn't look great and flavor wasn't what I was looking for. Chocolate chip cookie, while beautiful, also didn't match expectations. 
Still a great place to eat, but could be hit and miss.We went out of our way to try Willa Jean and were very glad we did; from the decor to the service, to the wonderful food, everything was awesome.I would eat here every day. I was in New Orleans for 5 days and visited this spot 3 different times. First I had the BBQ shrimp for lunch and it was the best sauce I have ever eaten. I finished the meal by sharing the banana pudding in a mason jar with my wife and it hit the spot. 
2nd visit we took a group of 8 for dinner. I had braised lamb with some noodles in a great broth with peas. Tried the pork chop and it was on point. So was the half chicken. Ordered all the appetizers and none of them disappointed. Everyone in our party enjoyed their order. Finished with Blueberries and Bourbon dessert. Perfect finish to my meal. 
3rd visit my wife went to the pastry section in the morning and got a few different things for our trip home. 
I will recommend this restaurant to anyone that tells me they are going to New Orleans. It will be the first place I will tell them to check out.Everything here looks amazing; I mean the pastries!! We came in before the saint game on Sunday it was packed. We had to start grilled banana bread OMG  best banana bread I've ever had!! I had the biscuit sausage gravy and my better half had the fried chicken egg on a biscuit with Tabasco honey drizzle yummy . It's worth a try!! Go when you have time to wait because the service was a bit slow.The service was wonderful as was our overall experience. We split the griddled banana bread (do not miss this!!!) and the avocado toast. Each was a 10/10, and they even split them for us on separate dishes. The lattes were also perfect!In New Orleans for the weekend and we went here twice!  Brunch was delicious. We had a few different dishes but don't ever skip the banana bread!  Literally melts in your mouth! Other than that, get back over and ask for cookies and milk! Literally the best chocolate chip cookies I've ever had!Willa Jean is what I expect a brunch place to be. When I walk in, I'm presented with a pastry bar. Like that's exactly what I want to see and they all look impeccable. While we waited to be seated, I couldn't help but order some baked goods. I really wanted to try the sticky cinnamon bun my cousin recommended but they didn't have any that morning. 
Blueberry ginger muffin - this was so good. The ginger jcame through which gave it a unique taste with the blueberries. I was sharing partly because I wanted to save room for the meal we were about to have but I ended up eating most of it anyways. 
Chocolate chip cookie with sea salt - slightly crispy edges and soft, pulls easily apart center = perfection. Could have gone easy on the salt. 
When got seated, we ordered a lot so let's get right into it. 
Monkey bread - pulled apart very easily and very sweet. Only six pieces? It's good but wish there was more.
Artichoke dip - basically cheese and bread but for the price though? It's just standard. Nothing exciting in my opinion. My cousins did enjoy this.  
Huevos rancheros - this is what I ordered. Corn tortilla, tomatillo, black beans, avocado, cotija cheese, and fried eggs. It's good but made me think that I should have ordered something else. My fried eggs were undercooked so they gave me another set but I still couldn't eat it. A pass for me.  
Hangover bowl - braised short ribs with grits and a poached egg. Can I just have a bowl of just the braised short ribs? I think the dish could have benefitted from some texture. 
Willa Jean shrimp + grits - shrimp, gravy, grits, and a poached egg. It's good but on the heavy side, for me. Again, I think it could have benefitted with some texture. It needed a crunchy element. 
The bakery side of the restaurant easily gets 5 stars from me but the restaurant side gets a 3 from me. It's a really nice brunch place but I can't justify sub par food along with a high price tag.Had the chocolate chip cookie, peanut butter chocolate chip cookie and a praline brownie. The chocolate chip cookie had to much salt on it and the brownie tasted more like fudge than a brownie but the peanut butter cookie was good. I probably won't be returning.Honestly some of the best grits I've ever had! We went in for breakfast twice during our visit to NOLA. Had the Willa Breakfast and the Chicken Biscuit. Highly recommend both!This was sooooo yummy!! I had the grilled cheese and spicy tomato soup and my boyfriend had the avocado toast, to drink I had the rose + orange blossom lemonade and he had an iced latte. We spent $50 after our tip, so I think it was $44. It was the best grilled cheese I've ever had. Just everything about this experience was as I hoped.After missing lunch today, I was looking for a spot for a quick drink and a light snack to hold me over until dinner. The bourbon milk punch and pimento cheese appetizer was a winning combination with a nice surprise of happy hour providing a half off price tag for both items.
The staff took care of me with good recommendations and service. 
Interesting observation: the bar lights looked like light bulbs placed in the middle of a classic whisk.From Dc. Had a Wonderful brunch in here! The restaurant was neat and clean(except for silverware) our waiter was awesome. Had avocado toast ,bbq toast and Kombucha(bayberry) oh and their cookie was super yummy!!!The food we got at Willa Jean was beyond delicious! I could tell their menu was seasonal and every bite was enjoyed. The service was below average, but there was also a very large party at the time, so I figured that affected our experience. I also felt that for the serving sizes the price was a little high - but still pretty worth it!Awesome service. Awesome taste. We went in late on a week night. Was a great experience. Wish there was another one out in WashingtonHad brunch here while in Nola. Ordered the steak n' eggs,  their famous cornbread, and fried chicken biscuit. Will definitely be a main spot and mini-side getaway from French Quarter, when visiting.  
Don't forget to order the Willa Jean Cornbread! Missing out if you didn't.I'm in town (New Orleans) for a few days and Willa Jean was a place I was told I "needed to check out". It was recommended for brunch but unfortunately my mornings were already booked. We stopped in during the early afternoon and to our surprise it was Happy Hour! We were greeted by the sweetest server, Paige. We sat at the bar top and took a look at the beers/wines/desserts that were 1/2 off for the next 45 minutes. I got a "drunk in love" (frozen watermelon+vodka) and it was , just what I wanted after a hot day of walking. I enjoyed a loaded rice krispy treat  (sweet & salty) and got a few cookies to go. All were delicious. 
The service was great, Paige was rad, the vibe was yet upbeat and the food & bev didn't disappoint. Thanks Willa Jean! 
Can't wait to come back, I WILL be brunching here.It gets better & better every time I visit! The pastries are always top notch and the service has really found its groove. No matter when I come by, I never feel rushed (which is perfect because sometimes you just need to sit and sip a Milk Money Latte). I do still find it a little pricy, but in this neighborhood, it's pretty much on par with surrounding businesses.
I highly recommend the avocado toast as well as the yogurt with granola if you want to convince yourself you're having a "healthy" breakfast. For something more comforting, go for the Mac & Cheese. And never leave without a few pastries for the road (I strongly encourage several chocolate chip cookies!)
I'll definitely keep coming back!We always know we will get an awesome meal at any Besh restaurant, but with his newest partnership with Kelly Fields and Lisa White, this is just the twist New Orleans needed.  Decadent pastries, very special coffees, and light to substantial bites.  Breakfast, lunch and dinner served, and we have been lucky enough to eat here for 2 meals in 24 hours!  Yesterday's incredible lunch drew us right back for an amazing breakfast today!This is a great little bakery / breakfast place around the business district of New Orleans. They're open pretty early and have really good food. The shrimp & grits were awesome and so was the fried chicken and biscuits. They even have great coffee too.I've had high expectations for our first meal in NOLA.  I walked away thinking that it was average, but reflecting after our four day trip to NOLA, I've decided that this was one of my least favorite meals in this city.  The only reason I've chose this place is because Cafe Amelie was booked, and Willa Jean had availability for the time frame I wanted.  My first thought after walking into Willa Jean was that the space is modern and sleek.  I've loved a sunny open space with interesting lighting fixtures. 
We ordered:
Fried Chicken Biscuit - this was my favorite dish of the meal.  The biscuit was perfection.  I love how the biscuit was buttery and moist on the inside, while crunchy on the outside.  I've enjoyed peeling off each layer and dip it into the honey that accompanied the dish.  Even though it is suppose to be tobasco honey, I couldn't really taste the tobasco.  The chicken was good as well, but the biscuit was the star of this meal.
Gulf Shrimp Etouffee - it was ok.  The cheddar biscuits were a bit of a let down after trying the amazing biscuit that accompanied the fried chicken.  It felt like a lump of flour instead of an intricately layered biscuit.  The grits were too clumpy for my liking.  I liked the gravy, but I didn't love the flavor of the shrimp.
Crispy Duck Dirty Rice - this was salt overload!  Whomever was in charge of this dish must've slipped and pour a whole bucket of salt on this dish.  I thought it was inedible, but instead of sending it back, my guy was too hungry to wait. His solution was to pour the honey from the fried chicken dish all over this dish in order to overpower the salt.  
Service was a slow as our server seemed a bit overwhelmed.  We didn't see him for awhile after he took our drink order.  To be fair, he wasn't just standing idly by, he was rushing from table to table and putting in orders.  He did make an effort to check on us once during the meal.  I wanted to try dessert, but the duck dirty rice dish threw me off, and I didn't want to risk another over-seasoned dish.  Overall, I was disappointed to have "wasted" a meal here as there are soooo many other amazing restaurants in this great city.Tried it a few times, won't be going back. The dishes are overpriced and quite bare to boot. Ex, the brunch biscuit menu items are priced like
entrees (at a normal cafe; here the entrees are priced like dinners) but lack any sides, just a floating biscuit/meat on a plate. On my last visit I wanted the crab benedict I've seen in pictures but it's not on the menu, so I tried the sausage egg and pimento cheese biscuit. The sausage is way too dense and thick like a burger, and the sunny side up  egg was overcooked so had no runny yolk. 
Companion had the heuvos rancheros and it was very salty, not great. 
Just not worth the Besh price hike for what should be breakfast fare.Yum! After seeing so many good reviews, I chose to add this restaurant as a stop on our NOLA trip- we were not disappointed. We came for the milk and cookies and the chicken biscuit.... we fell in love with the frozen alcoholic honeysuckle lemonade. The service was great. We weren't sure which drink to get so our waiter brought us samples of the three frozen drinks they offered. As soon as we tasted the delicious honeysuckle lemonade, we had to order two. We ordered a chicken biscuit, sausage gravy biscuit, and the milk & cookies to share. The chicken biscuit was HUGE and delicious! The sausage gravy was good but could've used a little bit more spice in my opinion. The cookies were crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside with flecks of sea salt on top and served with a little beater of cookie dough and vanilla bean infused cold milk. When I am in NOLA again, I would definitely make it a point to come back.Very good food, Courtney my sever was very friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, one of the best servers I've had in a long timeThis place is fantastic!!!! Everything you can think of to order is delicious in a way you could never imagine because it has some unexpected twist with it.The meatloaf sandwich was fantastic and fairly priced. However, fairly disappointed in alcohol pricing. Well whiskey was $8 each, jack Daniels was $10.50. Might as well bring a flask at those prices.Willa Jean has the perfect environment, delicious food, and incredible drinks. Next time I am visiting New Orleans, I will be sure to visit Willa Jean again!Had the Hot Oyster Po Boy pretty hot but delicious.  Also Bloody Mary was spicy but tastyDelicious breakfast!  Perfect over easy eggs and the pimento cheese biscuit was fabulous!  Seriously the best bacon ever!We can't wait to go back!This place was good. We went for a couple dishes we saw on yelp but none of them were available anymore. Had I looked at the current menu I probably wouldn't have come. No more blackberry peach cobbler and no more eggs purgatory, among other things. The staff was very nice and informed me that the menu changes regularly, so if you are stuck on something you saw on yelp call ahead. We ate anyway since there was an hour wait and we were hungry when we finally got seated. We ordered chicken on a biscuit with the Tabasco honey and got gravy on the side. Glad we got gravy on the side because honestly the biscuits are pretty dry. Chicken was flavorful with a nice batter. The meat itself could use an extra touch, maybe a brine? The chicken and biscuit is just as good as whataburgers. We also had the milk money macchiato, the little cute drink with the heart. It was good but if you are a coffee drinker, keep it mind it is small. The atmosphere is nice and even though it was slammed the staff were attentive and food was delivered quickly. Overall nothing special, just ok. Probably won't be back considering New Orleans has so much flavor to be offered elsewhere.Our favorite place of our whole NOLA trip!
The banana bread ohmygahd. Must get. 
Ice coffee so good
The biscuit was amazing
-the sausage wasn't my favorite - it was like a big ol' hockey puck of meat. I could barely finish.
Really good salads. 
Wish they were in SF!Amazing! Been there innumerable times and besides having to wait there is nothing I don't love about this place. Everyone who works there is amazingly nice and happy too. I would try more on the menu but the crab Benedict, The griddled banana bread and the breakfast sandwiches are too good!Had a breakfast meeting here during the week and came back on Saturday - had breakfast and coffee at the counter.  The food is always excellent - great variety and always filling.  The only slight is it can be a little pricey for breakfast - but worth it.  Highly recommended!I wanted it all!! Settled for short ribs, grits, crispy garlic, and onions in a bowl. Attention from server great and portions were ginormous!! Of course I had to take banana bread with me for a later snackI've been to Willa Jean twice for dinner and absolutely loved it. The food all tastes so fresh. I highly recommend the smoked salmon. It's the best salmon I've ever had. The hanger steak is also really nicely done. And the service was extremely friendly and attentive.I have now been here twice and am hooked!  While the prices seem a little high, the quality is great and I always end up getting something from the bakery to go.  The French onion soup is wonderful as is the corn bread.  In fact, the first time my friend and I tried the cornbread, we thought we had died and gone to heaven.  Service is good and everyone there is very friendly.  This is one of this places I will continue to go back to and try something different everytime.  not a huge menu, but I like everything I see!Yum! Great coffee and food. While I didn't partake the full bar looked great. Enjoyed BBQ shrimp toast and some pastries. Sat at the bar and enjoyed the trendy atmosphere.Super good. Love the decor. Reminds me of Legacy Kitchen. The happy hour chicken thighs were the bomb.The food is good. The service is good. Everything about this restaurant was good, a reasonably priced breakfast with fine service and good food. But for this visit I was disappointed. It seems that the prices for the dishes have gone up astronomically. All brunch plates are over $16, a chicken biscuit which used to be $8 is now $10, cheese grits $6, you get the idea. At these prices I might as well be going to Jazz Brunch at Commander's Palace, whose environment and quality of service justifies the high price for food.Everything was phenomenal and presented so well! Great vibe inside and very pleasant staff!Just had a super yummy lunch there. SUPER YUMMY. Please do yourself a favor and get the cornbread--so tasty that I don't even care that there must be a whole stick of butter in there. We also got the crab roll which is even better with some hot sauce. The kale salad is a solid respite from all of that buttery goodness. Service is friendly and prompt.
GO.9 times out of 10, you will not catch me waiting 45 minutes for breakfast. Willa Jean is the 1 time that you will, the wait is WORTH IT. They have a togo bar where you can get some pastries, coffee, or a frosé while you wait- which helps make the time go by. Once you finally snag a seat, the food is FANTASTIC. No matter what you order, you will be impressed. The staff is fun and friendly, and again the food is perfect. It's not a traditional bacon and two eggs kind of place. And the Dirty Water drink is great as well!Finally made it to WJ's. We ordered several sandwiches: a meat loaf, wahoo, fried chicken, womanich, and burger. The meat loaf was the best of the bunch. All came with chips except the burger which had fries. IMO the items are overpriced by about $2 each and should have the option of fries without an upcharge.  The meat loaf sandwich has unbelievable flavor with a balance of sweet and spicey.  The wahoo was a little overcooked leaving it a little dry. The fried chicken sandwich was also very tasty. The burger was disappointing.  (High Hat offers a much better burger and is less expensive.) What really adds to the meal are the excellent desserts from the in house bakery. Hot cookies and cakes and cobblers and nuttella rolls--all soooo good. Staff were also exceptional. We plan to go back for brunch.Shrimp etouffe biscuits grits and a perfect poached egg... To die for!! Great space good people watching service a bit unrushed but attentive.Long wait at lunch but well worth it! Had the oyster po boy and fried chicken sandwich and cocktails. Wonderful start to our trip and will be back for dessert!Went for lunch and the place was packed. Waited approximately 20 or 30 minutes for our table. The hostess kept us updated on out table and soon as we sat down brought out complimentary appetizers because of the wait. I got the crab roll and it was awesome. Our waiter was a little slow but it was only the second day open. 
The sea salt chocolate cookies were awesome. Looking forward to coming back and trying other items in the menuAte here for lunch and it was fantastic. I had the meatloaf sandwich and it was delicious with tomato jam and fried onion strings on a toasted onion roll. My friend had the Bentons bacon salad with roast chicken. She said hers was great too. The decor and atmosphere was great too. And you can just pop in for a coffee or bakery item (all looked delish)It's been a while since my first ( and so far, only ) visit to NOLA but I wanted to weigh in on my first morning experience and the fantastic breakfast I had at Willa Jean. We ordered a coffee while waiting about 10 minutes for a table to open up then were seated inside, with views onto the street all around the space. Tables are closely spaced but still provide enough sense of privacy that it feels more open. Service was quick and very friendly, informative when we asked for recommendations on what to try. The vibe was lively and relaxing at the same time. 
The menu seems distinctly New Orleans. I chose the BBQ Shrimp Toast, which consisted of grilled sourdough, burrata, big gulf shrimp, and NOLA style BBQ sauce. HOLY SH#T! What a treat. Definitely give this a try. I really can't describe it other than to say the taste is sublime. The gulf shrimp was perfectly done and just delicious. One thing you can NOT pass up is the Bloody Mary. I'm a recent convert to the Bloody Mary for about a year or so now and I have to say, to date- this is THE best-tasting damned Bloody Mary I've ever had. Do yourself a favor and give this a try when you stop in, you will definitely not regret it. Wow. 
If I'm ever fortunate enough to visit New Orleans again, this will be a definite stop on my list. Might even be a regular spot depending on how long I am there. Willa Jean is a winner.Walked over from the Hyatt for breakfast before my morning session. I yelped this place prior to making a reservation and liked that it was close to where I was staying. As mentioned, I had made a reservation, but upon walking in, I gave up my table for the couple behind me and sat at the bar (I was dining solo and there was a wait for a table).
The bartenders were attentive and friendly and the food recommendation given was exactly what I was looking for. I had Willa Jean Crawfish & Grits and their Frozen Rose. DELICIOUS!!! Light, flavorful, and just perfect! My bill came to $25 and some change.I have been following their Instagram for awhile now. I was so excited about the grand opening day and I knew it would be wise to make reservations. We were greeted right away. The place was crowded! 
The restaurant looked nice. The fixtures along the bar are whisks! Cute! The big windows give the restaurant a feeling of openness. 
The menu items drew me in! I think I "oohed and ahhed" a lot of the items. Thanks to having company, I knew I would get to try multiple items. We ordered the pimento and ham plate, pigs in a blanket, Mac n cheese, smoked salmon tartine, figs and goat cheese tartine, and roasted yardbird. Everything was pretty good. My favorite was the figs and goat cheese tartine. My least was the Mac n cheese lacking in flavor and was bland. Overall, a nice new place to try but none of the food stayed on my mind. Also, don't come here if you are the type to look for "bang for your buck". The tartines are approximately $10. You will be hungry if you don't order anything with that. Choose the sandwiches or entrees instead.Awesome place, the atmosphere and ambience is great. A popular spot for locals and tourist! Super fresh ingredients. I had the crawfish and grits, it was a bit bland for my liking. I also had the beet salad which was really refreshing, but too many beets for my liking. I also had the cornbread which is a restaurant favorite. The bread was warm and light, the honey butter was a nice added sweetness. I definitely recommend this place for brunch. The location is great and scenic views with the large windows.Really, surprisingly disappointed in this new restaurant from Besh - as I usually love everything he graces (hello, yes Luke and Borgne). I came for lunch at noon last week with two friends, which apparently is when everyone else in the city decided to come in during a rainy Wednesday afternoon. It was packed, and we had no reservation---- yes for lunch. Alright, alright, shame on us for not knowing! But we were given menus and told me could "order to go" and still eat at a bar that lined the front window - score!
Jump to the ordering. The chick behind the counter clearly was still learning her bearings, which was fine, except that she was VERY rude, and for no reason - quite uncalled for. She also gave my friends attitude when they ordered their meals apparently. I tried asking if I waited for my drinks first before the food and she had no answers for me, just a grimace. So, we went and sat and waited.
Fun fact: if you order at the counter, your food will be packaged up to go, drinks and all. No big deal, though we did say we would be eating at the counter. Overtime, we each received our clunky bags with our go-boxes and plastic-ware (you ever try cutting a half chicken with a plastic knife? NOPE). I also got an espresso, which, hilariously, was put into a go coffee cup. A disgusting waste. Just give me a damn espresso cup. Save some waste. And all the while they were still pretty rude and/or very confused with calling our names or bringing us the drinks and later the food.
Anyway, whatever, the service wasn't amazing. But the place was packed so we were excited.
One friend got the caesar salad and added chicken to it - something like $16? It was quite minuscule, and she was very unimpressed for what she paid. I didn't bother trying it. Other friend got the friend chicken slider thing--- he was indifferent. I got the chicken.. the uh "roasted yardbird" (a whopping $20 for lunch) and the tomato and feta salad ("marinated tomato salad"? for $10). I was very impressed with the salad, loaded up with fresh tomatoes and a great flavor with the feta - $10 was a lot for one person, but the size was easily for two people or as a stand alone  meal for one (if you added meat or something, I don't know what you like in your salad). The chicken.... TWENTY BUCKS for the equivalent of half a rotisserie  that you could easily buy at Rouses or Whole Foods. Terribly unimpressed for the price. The chicken was good, but I don't know who in their right minds would spend that much.... but maybe that's the crowd that Willa Jean is looking to cater to...
Though my salad was great, the chicken wasn't remotely memorable for the price as with my friends and their respective meals, and to top it all off, the staff was clueless and rude. I'm sure the pastries are amazing, but I doubt I'll find myself walking in there again to find out. Nope.
Those boojie, reservation-lunch crowds can have it all. End rant.YES. Place is da bomb. Beautiful atmosphere, friendly service, excellent food. Pimento cheese was delicious, as was the sausage gravy biscuit. Got the cookies and milk for dessert, and couldn't be happier. We will be back :)!!!Excellent and different biscuits.  The biscuits had a pastelitos type flakey outside texture and the dough was soft and buttery,  yummm. 
My avocado toast was beautiful (flowers and vibrant colors) and seem to contain red pepper flakes along with pistachios.  Wow what a delight.Located just outside the French Quarter, this is a gem.  We were introduced to Pour Over coffee. Delicious.   We enjoyed a crawfish over grits dish and a shrimp toast with a poached egg.  Both were fit for a photo shoot and had the flavor to go with it. 
The atmosphere was great with a relaxed and William our waiter very helpful.Have been to Willa Jean several times but never sat down to write a review. Last week my wife and I took the grand kids there for dessert after having had an early dinner that day.  I had the banana pudding and my wife had the blueberry pavlova. Could be the best banana pudding I have ever had and the pavlova was fantastic.Cookies and bread!!!!!!!!! Nola needed this, and I couldn't be happier. The peanut butter/chocolate chip and the chocolate espresso cookies are PERFECT. I can't wait to try everything. Brava, ladies!!!This 1 star rating isn't about the food nor the establishment. It's about the two hostess today, Friday, 05/26/2017 manning the front between 9:30-10:30AM. My husband and I wanted a tasty meal before heading to the airport after our 6 day stay. We walked the several blocks from the JW Marriott because of the reviews and pictures we enjoyed on Yelp. Upon entering we did see that they were busy, it was a full house. Actually a plus, means reviews are correct and it's a good place. The gentleman who took my husband's info asked if we had a reservation, of course we didn't as we figured it was a Friday morning and don't think most tourists make reservations especially not for breakfast. The host took our name and cell # and said he'd text us as soon as something came up. We waited approximately 45 minutes and other parties would come in and they'd be seated. I'm sure some of them had reservations (locals most likely) but several 2 people groups came in and were asked to wait to the side. Well a couple of them were told about the bars if they didn't want to wait for a table which they NEVER asked us if we didn't mind sitting at the bars in lieu of waiting! Later these 2 girls who came in waaaay after we did were seated to a table before us. That's all I could take before going to inquire about us. The girl didn't seem to acknowledge that we'd been standing there for 45 min but then the guy chimes in and says "babble, babble, babble, I sat them down first, but you're next." Well that was it, my husband and I both looked at each other and decided this wasn't the place that cared for some tourists. Seems they lean more towards whom they think are regular customers and sit them first! This popular establishment should train their hostess better or teach them to treat everyone equally and not show favoritism! Well I'm kinda bummed that I didn't get to try any of the items I read about on Yelp but we had a happy ending after all before heading to the airport. Since it was now past breakfast time we opted to go back to Bon Ton Cafe which we tried earlier in the week! The server Matt remembered us from before and was happy we came back! Enjoyed their house specialty drink "Rum Ramsey" and the most amazing bread pudding with Whiskey sauce! Guess there was a reason we were "SNUBBED" at Willa Jean's! Bon Ton Cafe will  be getting my 5 star reviews!Fantastic banana cake. I have been travelling to different cities in North America in the last 4 years and this place is one of my favorites for breakfast. The baked goods are definitely what makes this place special. Service is good too.Top notch. My breakfast was delicious. The thick cut bacon yummy. Eggs cooked perfect. The coffee! Loved it. Had the house blend. I wanted to try so many items on the menu so I will be back!This place is amazingly good.  Artichoke dip is definitely the best I have ever had anywhere.  We also had the fritters and pimento which I would recommend but If you only have room for one appetizer I would get the artichoke.  
We got the savory hand pies and crab roll it was very good!  
HIGHLY recommend this place.Holy cow. What an amazing lunch!  I had the fried shrimp sandwich and the shrimp were the best I've ever had. My daughter had the crawfish bread and it was amazing too. We followed it with the warm cookies and vanilla milk... Yummy!  The restaurant was beautiful and the service was great. We will be back!This place was bustling with energy. Although there was over an hour wait for a table (2 hours before a Saints game), we found a spot at the bar within 5 minutes. The staff is attentive, crisp and knowledgeable about the menu. They truly make this place stand out if the food didn't already. 
I had the sausage gravy and biscuits which were very good. Our morning cocktails were fantastic! Even met some wonderful folks from Baton Rouge who made our stop that much more memorable!Love the atmosphere. Food is good. A little overpriced. Definitely better places to try to encompass what the point of this place is.I have visited Willa Jean about 10 times for lunch and Sunday brunch before the Saints game and every time was fantastic!  Best bets are corn and crab fritters, meatloaf sandwich, chicken salad on croissant, poached farm egg with blue crab and hollandaise, pimento cheese, pancake of the day (we had caramelized banana) and all of the cocktails are hand-crafted and very tasty.  Coffee is excellent, my favorite is "Milk Money"  But, for dessert, you must have the "Milk and Cookies"!!  Highly recommend for breakfast, brunch and lunch!We tried the pimento cheese plate, corn bites, and fried green tomatoes...each was better than the last.  Great food, fun atmosphere, and enjoyed the "dirty water".Awesome brunch. Had a fried oyster benedict and it was so tasty. The environment is nice and refreshing too.This was a nice place to try! I'd found this place accidentally, but I'm really glad I did! The staff is really friendly. The hostess was extremely welcoming, and our waiter (cant remember his name {cute little white guy with blonde hair} was AWESOME and he even gave us, tourists, a few recommendations for things to get into in town! 
When I do get back to New Orleans, I'm definitely coming back to you guys!!Love everything about this charming place. Great for breakfast & lunch. Coffee is awesome, too!Decent upscale brunch place. Service was a little spotty and we felt rushed because we were a larger party and were taking up two tables. We kept the drinks coming but I guess the line on a Saturday was more important. My grits and grill axes was good though. We had a picky eater in our group so I wish they would offer at least one "normal" breakfast option.food was great as usual, nice clean eating,service was good as well, however my friend and i observed a guy walking around asking guest was everything alright,etc..,,,,he failed to come to our table as he walked pass us several times which made it obvious to us,to him we seemed not to exist. as i do frequent this establishment often,i'll be certain to get his name.I really enjoyed my crawfish sandwich for lunch. The staff was really friendly, the restaurant had great ambiance, and the food was delicious. I had the banana pudding for dessert and did not regret it one bit! Every bite was amazing.The food was amazing! The customer service, well...... all I can say is I saw Patrick the waiter go to his other tables 5 times before he acknowledged me.  I asked for raw sugar and I guess I asked for too much because he brought me a weeks worth of raw sugar.  He made zero eye contact and it must of been hard for him to acknowledge us when we were calling for him.  I dislike writing negative posts, and the food is worth another visit.  I just hope I get someone else who actually wants to take care of me while I dine.Decided to go to Willa Jean one random Saturday morning on a whim.  I had seen many people I follow on Instagram post food from there so I figured it must be decent.
The atmosphere is very bright and welcoming.  All the wait staff and bartenders are dressed in button downs and jeans which goes well with the relaxed atmosphere.
I ended up sitting at the bar since I was by myself so I didn't have a wait at all.  There was a short wait for those who were wanting a table.  It was 11:30 on a Saturday morning so it could be expected.  The bar tender who served me was very nice and welcoming.
I ended up ordering the Eggs in Purgatory... and first let me warn you to LET IT COOL DOWN!  I didn't listen to the bar tender when he told me it was very hot and I burned my tongue when I bit into it.  It was very good, at least I think it was after burning my tongue.  It was the perfect size for a brunch portion so I wasn't overly full.  And the bread that came with it served as a good tool to sop up all of the juices.
I will definitely be going back to Willa Jean again to try more of what they have to offer.This place is outstanding.  We got numerous things from the cornbread (which they drizzle with cane syrup), and the biscuit appetizer.  I don't think I've ever had a flaky biscuit that is that dense, it was terrific.  For brunch, I got the poached eggs with blue crab meat.  It sits on top of two of the biscuits with hollandaise sauce.  It was out among the best breakfasts I have had in a while.  My wife got the hash which was outstanding as well.  Also, if you are in the mood, give the spiked coffee's a try, they are all quite good.Hands down the best breakfast I've ever had. The avocado toast, while simple, is just so delicious. And you have to try the milk honey latte. It tastes just like you're sipping melted vanilla ice cream. I had it hot and cold and liked it both ways. Also, just the regular coffee is so good, nice and bold. The atmosphere is so cute and everyone was very nice. If I lived in this town, I would love to frequent Willa Jean's as often as possible. Go now!We needed a place for coffee and dessert within walking distance of our hotel so a couple of the hotel staff suggested Willa Jean, and we are so glad they did. We came in for the Milk and Cookies dessert, 3 chocolate chip cookies, vanilla infused milk and a beater filled with cookie dough. It was delicious!! Cookies were hot, cruchy and moist with just the right amout of salt on top. The milk was just about the best thing ever! Sweet, cold and delicious. Yumm! We wish we would've gone here for dinner.What a fantastic find. We were staying at the Hyatt on business / pleasure for a few days and got tired of the hotels breakfast buffet. Using Yelp we came across Willa Jean which I would describe as a contemporary New York style café, the place is sleek, hip and very busy. We had several appetizers over the 3 days we went. Most notable were the crawfish boil hushpuppies which were full of Andouille, Crawfish, and Corn. They came with the most yummy dipping sauce. We also enjoyed the artichoke dip, delicious!  Main courses included The crawfish roll, similar to the lobster roll you would get in Maine and the Hot Oyster Po-boy which was definitely "hot" and very much like Nashville Hot Chicken if you have ever had that. Looking around at the food on other tables we saw amazing looking loaves of corn bread, burgers, and "toasts" I would also like to note that our server was the best we had in all of NOLA, her name is Dallas. If you are in the area and even if you are not I would suggest you stop in. BTW yes I said breakfast and everything I mentioned is lunch that is because I could not get my lazy arse out of bed and over to Willa Jean before 10:30 when breakfast ends but if breakfast is like lunch you will be in for a treat.Excellent Food (Hangover Bowl is everything) and bodacious-friendly staff.  Pony up to the counter if you want to have a great conversation with locals, travelers and transplants.  Gets busy-go early.In from out of town and stalked this place for about a week before hand.  The ambiance was really cute and the food was tasty.  We went during brunch and I was still able to order from the regular menu.  Loved the artichoke dip, shrimp and grits, and the hangover bowl.  Overall a great brunch experience.Crab Roll NOM NOM NOM NOM.  Can't give a real reason I am not rating it 5 stars. This will become a favorite and crowded New Orleans brunch location soon enough.I had the fried chicken sandwich and the corn bread. Both were excellent, with the fried chicken sandwich having some heat to it, as well as the sweetness of the Hawaiian bread. Beer price is a bit steep for just being handed a can, but otherwise a great experience.First meal I had in New Orleans and was a great choice. The food was delicious and the service was great. For a basic white girl, any place with frose, is a great placeSaw the reviews and have been wanting to try this place out for a while. Brought some out of town friends for dinner and the menu was underwhelming so I got a burger which was good but not the best burger I've ever had. Ended up getting some desserts to go. I did have the apple cider bourbon frozen drink which was delish but maybe not $12 delish. A little steep for a small glass of it. Came back the next morning for some pastries and coffee. The barista was not friendly and was rude when I asked if they had a particular item that morning. Needless to say I'll just be here for their desserts & pastries in the future.Willa Jean occupies one corner of a block-sized brick building located between O'Keefe and Rampart Streets.  It's a fairly nondescript building.  It's most prominent attribute is just how new it is.  Willa Jean operates in a very large space.  As you enter, you come in facing the bakery counter.  That's not by accident.  The bakery is the foundation of this restaurant - Besh's Executive Pastry Chef Kelly Fields and pastry chef Lisa White hold the reins here and it's quite a showcase for their talents.  Back in my former life I was a baker, so I'm always appreciative of quality baked goods. The hardest part with their bakery counter is narrowing your choices.  From the loaves of bread lined up on the shelves on the wall to the cookies, brownies, quick breads, sticky buns and various croissants that inhabit the counter top, they all looked fantastic!
As I was led to my table my mind was going back and forth on what to order and that was going on before I even had a chance to peruse the menu.  As I sipped my very nice coffee and cream, I came to my final decision; a chocolate/pistachio croissant and a fried chicken biscuit sandwich.  My waitress offered to eat the croissant up, but I declined. Reheating pastries mushes those delicate layers together and while that's negotiable with lesser baked goods, it  seems like a crime when you do it to fine pastries. And what a beautiful pastry it was! The layers were distinct, providing a tender and light interior and a flaky, crisp and golden brown exterior.  It was a home run!  The biscuit was also nicely done.  It had a great texture and just the right texture, neither too dense nor to light and the slight tang of the buttermilk was welcome.  The fried chicken, while cooked perfectly, was a bit under-seasoned.  It was particularly under-salted, but I think that was just an oversight.  Overall, I liked Willa Jean very much and see myself coming back on future trips and eating my way through their bakery counter!We had to take a cable car ride over as it's a little out of the way from where we were staying but it was well worth it! 
We went for their Happy Hour when they offer all their small bites, desserts and cocktails half off. Unfortunately when we arrived they were out of their famous F'rose, frozen rose wine but we made out just fine with the Blackberry Mint Julep and a Drunk In Love frozen drinks. . Both were just boozy enough and super tasty. 
Then we received the wild mushroom mushroom flatbread, Ah-mazing! Followed by the Pimento Cheese with ham and fried crackers. Pimento cheese has never had it so good as on this platter. Ask for extra crackers folks ad you'll want to scrape every last smear of this deliscoiusness from the lovely board it comes served on. 
The perfect mid day snack.Meatloaf sandwich melts in your mouth! Go
For happy hour because they have great drink and small plate specials. Try the frozé swirled with the frozen lemonade.. Refreshing! The pimento cheese and fried crackers are yummy!Great atmosphere and great, fresh food. I had the fried chicken and biscuit w honey, it was probably the best biscuit I've ever had and the chicken was cooked so well! We also had the banana bread as a starter and it was seriously delicious!Since we had a long flight home from New Orleans, we decided to try Willa Jean for a hearty breakfast which was only a couple of blocks from our hotel.  
The menu had a variety breakfast options from granola to egg dishes. We chose the fried chicken biscuit and sausage gravy biscuit. The fried chicken was drizzled with maple syrup and pickle relish - giving it that sweet/savory combo like chicken and waffles. The sausage gravy was thick with lots of crumbled sausage and just the right amount of pepper. 
Probably the best thing on the menu was the pour over coffee - individually brewed cups of coffee. Too bad this was our last day in New Orleans or we would be here every morning for the coffee. 
This place is gorgeous on the inside. High ceilings, lots of glass and beautiful wooden tables. There is also a take out counter with sweet breakfast treats and coffee.Willa Jean was my first stop in New Orleans and it didn't disappoint. We came in on a Sunday around 12:30 and only had to wait around 15 minutes. We split a blueberry ginger muffin while we waited and it was delicious. I also loved the unique cylinder shape. 
We got a nice table by the window and started with a mimosa, a bloody mary, and the pimento cheese plate. Points to the mimosa since it was mostly bubbly and just a splash of OJ (how it should be). The pimento cheese platter was a great serving size. The crackers that came with it were almost deep fried in the best way possible, and we loved the pickled veggies. I had the short rib hangover bowl and my husband had the fried chicken biscuit. This hangover bowl was one of the most perfect bowls I've ever had. The short rib was tender and flavorful, and it was a huge portion. The grits were cooked perfectly and the sauce/onions/garnishes were spot on. I felt like I was going to keel over but I ate as much as I could since it was so delicious. The chicken biscuit was also fantastic. The chicken was super crispy. The biscuit was almost more of a pie crust flavor, but I liked it. Not only was our meal great, but the service was fast and friendly.I think this must be a new restaurant - and has a few kinks to work out.  I will have to come back to give a better review of Willa Jean.  I dined at the Bar and the staff that brought the food out did not deliver it to the right spot.  My French Onion soup was cold, but once reheated was very tasty, a nice bit of cheese and crouton on soup.  The Cesar Salad was a bit heavy on the anchovy but otherwise fresh and tasty.  I really liked the croutons in the salad.  I added the roasted chicken to my salad.The space and vibe is really nice. They seat a good amount of people without it getting too loud. Well staffed, however our server was a bit out of sorts as it took 5 minutes to get water and 15 minutes to get a coffee. I can forgive that as it just recently opened. 
Entrees vary in price from 10-24 dollars. Pancakes were good and light with fresh blueberries but pricey at $10. The summer scramble was similarly priced but was not very good. Mushrooms, carrots, and cheese work well together, but not when served lukewarm and the carrots undercooked. Cheese grits are fantastic but also expensive at $5. My real issue is with the coffee. So dining in myself and another each ordered a plain coffee. As I previously said this took forever to produce, but they are also $3 each. Pulp and grind, revelator, and haro all charge at most $2.25 for an equivalent amount. On top of that we each asked for a little bit more to go and were charged ANOTHER $3 per coffee. So of my bill almost a third of it ($12) went to getting maybe 20 ounces of black coffee. Had to wait another 15 minutes for those to-go coffees. Plus reasonable tip and a breakfast came out to $51. I have been to countless other places (cake cafe, elizabeth's, legacy, surrey's, Gott's gourmet, broken egg, etc) in this city for breakfast and I don't think I have spent that much for a comparable meal. I will go back for pastries to go as there isn't anything that compares in the area, however I won't return to dine in.2016: best breakfast in town. 
Exec chef made her signature espresso cookies for Domenica for years... Long time fan.Great atmosphere. Food was delicious. Willa Jean Breakfast was just the right amount of food to start my first day of sightseeing in New Orleans and it was my first time having grits! The Eggs in Purgatory come hot in a cast iron skillet and have just the right amount of heat to give you that morning kickstart! Eat at Willa Jean's  when in New Orleans!No words for how good this place is!! Great casual ambiance, incredible desserts and fresh croissants! Service was perfect and overall love it. I hope they expand their dinner menu a little.Apparently I have a penchant for pickled peaches and pork (and alliteration).
Stopped in on a rainy Monday before the lunch rush. Was hoping to catch the breakfast menu, but I just missed it. No worries, lunch is spectacular too!  Roasted pork sandwich with pickled peaches and shredded kale and yummy aioli on griddled focaccia.... a revelation.  The chips were meh, so don't fill upon them. Stick to the sammy and coffees.Went here for an early dinner before a concert and the food was amazing! Great happy hour too :) half priced apps, wine & beer, and well cocktails. We chose this restaurant because it was in walking distance to the concert, but I will definitely be coming back :)Oh my!! We went there for breakfast and it was delicious. They location is great and the interior design is very hip with concrete floors, brick and wood. I had the huevos ranchero which is not too heavy but full of flavor. My wife had the Willie Jean's breakfast. The grits were perfect, and the smoked bacon was the best we had ever had. On top of all of that it came with a biscuit and that was to die for. Definitely will be back!!Absolute must for casual home style brunch with modern style. We are visiting New Yorkers who stayed close by at the Ace Hotel. This restaurant is conveniently located within the more hip and creative Warehouse District and away from the touristy French Quarter. (BTW - the food is infinitely better outside of the quarter). If you want a cool and laid back dining experience, this is an essential. 
Great service, hearty food, southern style goodness. Must haves are the Fried Oyster Benedict, Toffee and Cinammon Monkey Bread and the homemade chocolate chip cookies and milk for dessert. Don't forget to pick up a caramel praline brownie to-go.Delicious food made with quality ingredients. Excellent baked goodies. Yummy coffee. A hip and vibrant setting. Responsive staff and management.We had lunch we ordered fried chicken sandwich On biscuit & Angus burger. Very minimal options on menu.
Our waitress couldn't smile even if someone pinched her.  All wait staff seemed overworked.  1 star for service.  Food was fair, but nothing memorable, to make me return again when I'm in Nola.The best places to get delicious pastries! We got the mixed berry scones, chocolate chip cookies, butterscotch cookies, & chocolate scones. They all are delicious! Will definitely come back!Man, what a disappointing experience with the Willa Jean restaurant. (Though don't mistake this with the fantastic bakery at the entrance of the restaurant - whose rice krispy treats and chocolate chip cookies are worth the trip alone.)
First, I get the sense that this is just a badly managed restaurant. Our party of three arrived on a Tuesday afternoon for food, and were told we'd wait about a half-hour for a table. Not ideal, especially given it was an off-peak hour, but fine. After about 15 minutes, people started leaving and one, two, and three tables started opening up, yet we had to wait another 10 minutes before the tables were bussed and set (and only after we'd asked, "Any idea if those tables are available?"). We were getting ready to leave before the hostess said she'd show us to our table. (I've never worked in the restaurant business, but I'm willing to bet it's a first principle to keep tables occupied.)
We started off with the pimento cheese board which is pretty unexciting and which came with an unappetizing "shaved country ham" that was tough with tendons, seemed old, and proved to be rather un-eatable. The cheese came with four saltines, which meant we had to ask for more, which we had to wait for about 10 minutes, only for a plate of saltines to arrive well after our main dishes had been brought out. Not ideal.
Our party ordered the salmon tartine (decent), the BLT (pretty bland), and the fried chicken sandwich. Now, I love any fried chicken, and this sandwich looks handsome, but bite into it and you get.. nothing. You have to pour on salt to get any kind of reasonable taste out of this. Same goes for the chips - golden fried and crispy, but really not a lot going on. Now I'd let the taste slide some if prices were lower, but $13 for a small, mediocre sandwich seems unreasonable in this city.
It's a beautiful space with a great ambiance, but the lackluster management, high prices, bland food, and other great options in the area make Willa Jean a hard pass for me. (But I have to shout out the bakery again because its pastries are really exceptional.)Great atmosphere and surroundings. I had the Cornbread, Fruit Bowl, and Crawfish Grits. The cornbread was amazing and I'm sure I'll have dreams about it in my sleep. However, the crawfish grits lacked flavored. Major disappointment especially since I've never had crawfish grits. I hate to season food after it's cooked. Customer service was amazing though, and the staff was courteous and friendly. Wouldn't mind going again. I'll just try something new.Honestly i've never been so disappointed with a restaurant. I had heard many great things about this place, but my experience was terrible. Terrible service, awful menu & very limited options! In nola, go to any place else!Another fantastic John Besh restaurant. My girlfriend had been there before and wanted to go back. Great food at reasonable prices. Will definitely go back. I had the chicken sandwich with Serrano slaw on a Hawaiian roll. It was fan-bloody-tastic. Highly suggested.Ate here last night with three friends and the husband and for the most part really enjoyed it. 
Pimento cheese spread with house made pickles and little buttery crackers (also house made) was delicious and served with country ham. Always a plus in my book.
The other appetizers were corn and crab fritters (um....could we have some crab please? The crab was just a whiff) and pigs in a blanket. The problem with those was there was too much blanket (very tasty) and not enough pig. Seems pretty simple.
The main courses we had were pork chop with collards and black eyed peas (which my friend liked), lamb pot pie, which was delicious but could've used a little more seasoning....the crust, however was fantastic. 
Finally the odd man out of the entrees. It was listed as "roast chicken." In my book that usually means a few pieces of chicken roasted with crispy skin on...or some variation on that.  This was listed as "Roast Chicken rice + pan gravy + mushrooms + buttered white bread." It had all of those things, but it was actually shredded chicken in what amounted to a risotto. That's not roast chicken in my book. It was tasty (if again under seasoned) but really not what was advertised.
I'd definitely go back for the baked goods, the sesame crusted bread served with the pot pie was really nice as were the house made crackers.I was so excited to try their brunch for the first time! We began with a milky, most perfectly-balanced iced latte I've ever had. Their Milk Money Latte's name speaks for itself. It's milky and latte-y, but the sweetness is just perfect! I'd put my money on this for sure! We started with a their warm Willa Jean cornbread. The honey + butter really topped it. The portion was nice also! I'd say it's great for about three people. For my entree I ordered the grits with the crawfish gravy. I wasn't as a big of a fan of it. The flavor was a little flat and more on the sweet side. My girlfriends each ordered the braised brisket hash, which was much more flavorful than the grits. The cookies and milk were delicious even at 9 in the morning! I liked the little salt sprinkled on top. Three warm cookies and a cup of cold milk was perfect! Honestly, I would come back just to have me some more of their delicious Milk Money Latte. Can I get a gallon of that, please??Food is AMAZING! We had the griddles meatloaf and buttered crab roll and both were fantastic! Great atmosphere as well!2016: best breakfast in town. 
Exec chef made her signature espresso cookies for Domenica for years... Long time fan.Visiting NOLA this week and stopped in here never expecting the food to be SO amazing! I had the Sausage+Fried Egg+ Pimento cheese biscuit. The biscuit was amazing and the Sausage had a hint of spice but  it wasn't too spicy. I also ordered the peanut butter hot chocolate. It's a MUST HAVE for chocolate lovers. Think liquid  peanut butter cup... but better!I had already eaten breakfast when my coworkers asked me to go to Willa Jean. I wasn't planning on eating anything, maybe I would just get a cappuccino?
We entered the place. I fit in perfectly because I was wearing the same gingham shirt as their servers and staff. Score! Maybe I could get a job?
The place was big, open, and had a nice modern Louisiana charm. I felt at home again even though I'm not from Louisiana. Is that weird?
I ordered said cappuccino and then started perusing the menu. 
Tobasco Honey Fried Chicken Biscuit. Shit. What was I gonna do?! I wasn't even hungry!
If you know me, you know what I did. I ordered that and my mouth watered for the next 15 minutes until it arrived. 
It looked simple. Sitting on a white plate. Just a 'lil chicken and biscuit. I knew it was nothing but simple based on what had been happening to my salivary glands as I thought about it. I carefully cut the specimen up into pieces. I usually eat a chicken biscuit with my bear paw but this was a different beast. 
As I took my first bite I closed my eyes to really appreciate the flavors. Hot. Sweet. Crunchy. Spicy. Buttery. I'll let your mind figure out the rest. 
I ate the whole thing and was stuffed to the brim. 
To summarize: you can eat well here even if you are not hungry, and the cappuccinos aren't bad either. 
Do it.My friend and I came in at 10:30am, and we were notified that the wait would be about 45 minutes for a table. We got a delicious chai latte and walked around until we got a text saying our table was ready. I didn't realize that they switched over to the lunch menu at 11am, which ended up being fine, but it would have been helpful for the host at the front to give us a heads up since we initially came in during breakfast. Be aware if you sit next to one of the south facing windows, you will need to wear your sunglasses because the sun is glaring right at you and there aren't any blinds / shades for cover.
We started off by splitting an order of the avocado toast as an appetizer, which took about 30 minutes to come out. We ordered our main meals before the avocado toast even came to the table, and our mail meals still ended up taking 1 hour to come out. The avocado toast was really tasty. They even split it in half for us. For the main meal, my friend got the meatloaf sandwich, and I got the crawfish roll. I tried a bite of her meatloaf and it was really good and the portion was huge. My crawfish roll was delicious, but it was pretty runny and I bit into shells twice. I would order it again though and just know what to expect.
Overall, the food was fantastic, but the service was very slow. We were there for an hour and 45 minutes total once we sat down. Our waiter did give us some cookies to apologize for the wait on the food. If you have the time, I'd recommend going for the food. If you're in a rush or only have a set amount of time for a lunch break, forget it.Perfect lunch spot! Must try's: pimento cheese appetizer, brussel sprout salad, griddled meatloaf sandwich, and esp. cookies and milk for dessert. Try the coffee and tea and chai and pastries and homemade crackers and everything at the bar/bakery counter! Warm and welcoming staff, beautiful location and decor.Great brunch spot outside the tourist area.Off the airplane needed a drink! Bloody Mary's were superb! Place was packed! Sat up at the window seats looking out and had a fabulous shrimp breakfast/brunch . Server was slow, but with the great view and looking how busy it was, it didnt matter. We split the meal, and glad we did because it was very filling. Awesome place to go to eat, very high ceilings and lots of windows which lead to very uplifting atmosphere. Lots of smiling faces and friendly crowd. A must stop place to go!Everything was deeelish but the crab roll was both exceptional and memorable!! I'm crushing big time!!Willa Jean will undoubtedly become a hot spot for brunch in the CBD. Our group of 8 arrived on a Saturday morning (with reservations) to check out this new chic restaurant in New Orleans. Besides table service they also have a counter to order any of their delicious coffee drinks and freshly baked bread for those looking to get in and out quickly.
The quick and dirty is that the food and beverages were all fantastic. The iced coffee and lattes were clearly all made from quality beans. The 'Dirty Water' cocktail was delicious (I asked for less syrup in mine to lessen the sweetness and it was perfect).
I ordered the eggs hollandaise with crab and the gf got the steak and eggs. Both met our expectations based on how good the banana bread and corn bread were.  Cheesy grits were rich... I think everyone could have ordered another bowl. I believe everyone in our group was completely satisfied with their orders. 
The four star review was based on service, which had several hiccups (forgotten drink, slow service at times, and mistakes on the check). I know most brand new restaurants deal with similar issues so I'll give this a pass and instead focus on what we'll try the next time we visit!Awesome new addition to the CBD. Interesting coffee themed cocktails. We tried numerous things from the menu and everyone was delicious. Favorites are the buttered crab roll, skillet cornbread, hanger steak, lamb sandwich, and the corn and crab fritters. Really can't go wrong with anything at this place. 
Good noisy but not too loud environment. Friendly staff and good service. Can't wait to try for breakfast!This was our second visit to Willa Jean! This time we started with the monkey bread, which was delicious! I ordered the fried chicken biscuit. It was so good! My husband ordered the avocado that and was disappointed because it was guacamole with onions in it. We both hate onions and the menu did not mention onions in the description. We always know guacamole has onions, but the menu said avocado, not guacamole. The menu should be edited to include the onions in the description. We sent it back. The food we ate was excellent and the service was good. We will come back on another visit to New Orleans!Drink was way over priced. Hazelnut Latte with Almond Coconut milk cost almost $7.00. The add in's were over priced and the taste flat. Won't be returning.Good food nice atmosphere, great lunch and afternoon spot for me  . Burger is ok nothing fancy, 
 company burger around the corner shouldn't be chose here for you .  
Chicken sandwich is I can highly recommend to everyone 
Tomato soup , cheese business are my other favorites 
Manager Ceyda has A great personality , she was helpful with the menu I will comeback again ...Everything we had was exceptional. Chocolate croissant the best!  Lemon raspberry muffin superb, they had this thick rice Krispy treat which taste like salted caramel, mini chocolate chips and maybe coconut it was really really good. Next time I will try the salmon tartine.  The atmosphere is really nice, brings something fresh to that area.  Service is great although I felt like I was speaking Spanish or another foreign language when I asked the staff about the Yurgicheffe they just looked at me as if it wasn't written big as cuff on their board but perhaps the employee wasn't sure. Nevertheless I will be backAvocado toast was simply amazing.  Quaint decor. Good service.  Soft napkins.  Highly recommend.(9.15.18) 11am
We made a reservation and got seated right away. Service was very good; they are attentive to their guests. We ordered the sausage biscuits and gravy and shrimp & grits. The biscuits and gravy did look strange in appearance, but it was really tasty! The gravy had lots of flavor, and the biscuit had a good balance with soft and crunchy. The shrimp and grits are really good, I don't know how to make delicious grits and this makes me want to attempt it.My go to place for pastries in New Orleans. I usually just go straight to the counter to pick up a biscuit or scone and a coffee. The space is industrial meets rustic, super trendy. Reminiscent  of Common Bond in Houston.
When I'm feeling like I can afford to splurge, I'll sit down for lunch. Their swordfish sandwich on a sweet Hawaiian role is the ultimate fish sandwich. The meaty and tender swordfish is complemented by a crisp, spicy slaw. Sandwiches are in the $12-13 range, not the most inexpensive, but thankfully come in substantial portions.I kept hearing about this place. Now that I finally got to try, I was not disappointed. It was a Sunday brunch and they were quite busy, we were told it would be a 30 to 40 min wait which we were seated 40 min later. The wait staff also gave us a complementary orange juice mimosas while we were waiting which was really nice. Okay now onto the food, the wait was long but the entree came out pretty quickly. I ordered the egg benedict with the blue crab and wow that was delicious. I savored every bite. The combination of the milk biscuit will the hollandaise sauce was just perfect! For dessert we ordered the red velvet cake which was delicious. I wished it just had more of the cheese ice cream. Overall great experience, the server was attentive and the atmosphere was great! I'll add this place to my regular brunch list!Absolutely outstanding! Had a group of 6 that was seated immediately. Service, food and atmosphere are outstanding. A must go for anyone!Only went here for breakfast drinks and pastries but it was great. The peanut butter hot chocolate tastes like melted peanut butter. Chai tea was also great and the staff was friendlyBest biscuit ever. Best cornbread ever. I wish the place was bigger. Was worth the carry out. The cinnamon scones offered a surprise of golden raisins- GENIUS.I love the atmosphere! I have to admit though the cornbread wasn't as spectacular as I was hoping and the cookies were a little salty.Such a cute spot with delicious food and great service! I went for brunch and they had great options but not overwhelming.Willa Jean has convinced me what I didn't want to accept, but had been suspecting for awhile. John Besh restaurants are overrated and "gimmicky." Today server was the same guy that served us soon after they opened. Rather clueless, talking to the hostess every chance he had, no attention to the customer or detail. Forgot that we had asked to view the lunch menu even though we had asked for it as the restaurant was serving the brunch menu, I suppose because it is a holiday. No sign of any management on the floor. My husband's brisket hash (resembled chunks of tender stew beef was tasteless) had little to no potato, no onion, despite the fact that the description included those ingredients. Worse yet, the dish was served cold.  I suspect that is because my skillet of eggs, soupy tomato bisque (what??) and veggies with breakfast sausage was served piping hot. His dish was apparently waiting on mine. My toast came with no butter or jam. That seems like a no brainer. In summary, John is trying to get off going cheap here. Way overpriced for what should be great food, coming off no more than fair to good.  But, please, I still want  my husband to have his hash and eggs served hot! Foodies will soon come to realize that he is trying to pull something over on us. I don't mind spending $18 for a hash breakfast (only on egg by the way), but it should be delicious and hot; this dish was neither. The crab fritters were very good though the presence of crab was hard to detect. The Irish coffee, $12, had curdled cream on top!Love the chocolate espresso cookies.... they are scrumptious. Dunk them in some hot coffee and call it a good deed done! The biscuits are awesome with the butter and perfectly warmed to melt it but able to still keep its shape. Milk money latte with the infused milk = delicious. I appreciate the process it takes to make the product! Can't go wrong with breakfast.I dont get thr hype for this place went here for breakfast not impressed service was ok not the greatest for the prices of the meals. Food was so salty the cornbread was which was 10 bucks by the way didnt even taste like cornbread. Im from the south and that is not cornbread. I got the shrimp and grits over salted and got the huevos rancheros was ehh nothing special. Btw the meals were so small so if ur starving i dont suggest u come here.I've been to Willa Jean a couple times--once for brunch at the end of 2015 and once for dinner during Mardi Gras 2017. My brunch experience was great, but the recent dinner experience was disappointing in comparison. (It's been quite a while since brunch, so I'll focus this review on dinner.) 
We started with the artichoke/cheese spread, which was gooey underneath and with a broiled crust on top. It was pretty good but not particularly memorable, and the baguette chips that accompanied if were both too dry and too oily to be enjoyable. 
I had the fried chicken sandwich, which was delicious: the inside of the chicken was moist and juicy, while the breaking was light and crispy. The slaw and bread were paired well with the chicken to make a great (but MASSIVE) sandwich. 
My boyfriend was excited to order the chicken pot pie, but it was almost inedibly salty. He finished about 1/3 of the dish before giving up. 
I definitely DO NOT recommend the banana pudding dessert. Served in a small mason jar, it was cute but just not good. The warm chocolate chip cookies and milk were awesome, and the side of cookie dough was a nice touch. 
Staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating despite having to work on Mardi Gras. Our glasses of soda and water were refreshed without needing to ask, and we otherwise felt very welcome. I'm sad the food was so hit-and-miss.We went on a Sunday morning around 9:30 and were able to seat ourselves at the bar area without a wait which was nice! The atmosphere and decor are really unique and pleasant.  We ordered the griddled banana bread as a starter and it was incredibly delicious. We topped it off with the crab eggs benedict and the "eggs in purgatory." My husband and I both agreed the eggs benedict took the win :)   The service was also pretty darn good. Will be returning for sure!I was excited to pick up breakfast from Will Jean on the way to a conference. The restaurant itself is super cute and hipstery.  I ordered the fried chicken biscuit (a decent deal at 10$) and a super fancy vanilla iced coffee drink that cost around 6$. The food was.... Good.... But not great. My main issue was that the breading all fell off the chicken as I ate it. The bottom of the chicken was a bit soggy. The biscuit was decent and the flavor of the chicken was also decent but overall not good enough to warrant a return trip.Took an out of town friend for Saturday brunch at 8.30 am. He had the quinoa bowl and said it was good. I had ratatouille and eggs. The veggies were grilled, a bit underdone for me. I was really unhappy with the poached eggs. They were cold. I guess they cook a bunch and hold them. Nice doneness but coolness detracted from the whole dish. There are better biscuits in town. These are greasy and tough. Service was good. Lots of better places for brunch.Great service. Friendly staff. The artichoke dip was great.
I also had a hamburger as I was desperate for a good burger. It was good, but I had better.  
Now the red velvet cake and ice cream was delicious.We were looking for a great breakfast spot with decent portions and we found it! Ordered the shrimp n Grits and thought it was just the right amount of shrimp too! The Tabasco chicken and biscuit is probably the best thing on their menu! My daughter ordered Huevos Rancheros. The flavors were perfection! The sausage pimento and egg biscuit was my hubby's. I couldn't believe how big the sausage patty was! And I'm not a pimento Cheese fan, but I actually thought this was tasty!Great food and amazing customer service. We had avocado toast, biscuit, corn bread, fried chicken sandwich and sea salt chocolate chip cookie. We loved everything but you have to try their biscuit and sea salt chocolate chip cookie. Overall great place to go for lunch but little over pricy for some items.Absolutely amazing brunch with all of my friends. We were from out of town and our waiter was excellent w/ suggestions on what else to do in NOLA. Their cup made muffins were awesome as well I'll be posting pics!Great atmosphere. So cute and trendy. Great lattes. Reasonable price on brunch-lunch. Ordered the Smoked salmon on rye bread, loved it. Great bakery goods. Public parking lot for $12 for two hours around the corner, if all the parking spots are filled around the front entrance. Would go again for the dinner menu.Make a reservation and get ready to have the BEST DAMN BRUNCH of your life. From the froze to the griddled banana bread, every taste from this place was an absolute delight. I expected this place to be pretentious and it absolutely wasn't. Insanely good customer service. Period. I'm so glad I did my research and checked out this place while I was in town. Will 110% recommend this place to everyone I know coming to NOLA.We had no idea what to expect before going to Willa Jean, but loved everything about this place. You can order coffee and pastries to go/eat at their bar. Or, you can dine in. We started with some of the best coffee drinks we have had a in a while - iced coffee and an iced vanilla latte. A friend told us to order a biscuit no matter what - this recommendation did not disappoint. The biscuit was flaky and buttery and the perfect temperature. They serve the biscuit with butter and jam (or you can order other variations, including gravy or other proteins).Our waiter recommended the Crab Benedict, which was by far one of the best egg Benedict dishes I have ever tasted (this was one of the more expensive dishes on the menu but the crab was plentiful!). We also ordered the breakfast burrito, which was excellent, the tortilla's consistency was spot on a perfectly crisp. Can't wait to come back again!We tried Willa Jean yesterday for the very first time.  We waited about 6 weeks to get a reservation for 2 people on Saturday morning, so we were very much looking forward to this meal.  
We got there a little early and were seated at our reservation time.  We were seated by the window in the blazing sun and there was much squinting and sweating, but I suppose someone had to sit there, right?  The ice didn't stay frozen in our drinks for more than a minute or two it was so hot.  The atmosphere is very modern and hipster.  Lots of wood, glass and very aloof hosts at the check in desk.  Tables are so close together that you might as well share one big table.  
We were presented with the brunch menu.  I ordered the chicken biscuit with honey.  My husband ordered the chicken biscuit with tobasco honey.  We also shared cheese grits and bacon.  I drank water, the husband had iced tea.
My chicken biscuit was ordered without spicy honey.  I felt that they used too much honey.  The chicken was also a bit over-fried.  Parts of the biscuit were so hard that I couldn't cut it with a knife.  The cheese grits were great, but would have been better without the chives on top.  The bacon was perfect.  The chicken on my husband's biscuit was chewy and gummy in the middle.  Maybe it was just a weird piece of breast?  He liked the spicy honey.  The iced tea was flavored with some weird taste that we couldn't place.  Would NOT order this again.
We also had the milk and cookies for dessert.  We were served three enormous cookies, a beater of cookie dough and a cup of vanilla-infused milk.  The chocolate chip cookies were great, but they had been salted?!?  I'm not sure what's up with the new trend of using salt on dessert, but I'm not a fan.  The vanilla-milk was SOOOOO good.  I would have ordered it by the gallon if I could.  The cookie dough was also really good.
For the above mentioned items, our check was $59.  Fair for this section of NoLa yet overpriced in general.
The ladies room was smelly and there was dirty glasses on the counter by the sink.  
We also ordered 2 key lime pop tarts to go.  They were really good, although probably not worth the $4 each.
Parking for 90 minutes was $11. 
Our final thoughts: we probably won't be back.Enjoyable visit to Willa Jean. It was much more modern and industrial then I was expecting, very trendy! I hate the biscuits and sausage gravy, it was great! Lots of interesting things on the menu to try for the next visit.On recent visit to New Orleans, a couple of local contacts rec'd this restaurant. We went for breakfast on a Saturday, found the menu ok, observed long lines for table (we sat at a window bar). The quinoa/farrow salad was excellent. Service was ok. Prices were very high, compared to many other menus we saw over our stay. For that reason I'm not as enthusiastic as those who recommended it.I stayed at Hyatt Regency for a conference and really wanted a meal outside of the hotel. This was quick 5 minute walk from the hotel. We got the shrimp open faced sandwich. Really delicious and generous portion. The wine selection is pretty good too.Amazing food! Staff was great! Went to NOLA for the weekend and during that time me and friend came back here 3 times ! LolWe took a nice walk from our hotel in the central business district to Willa Jean for dinner. You know those walks in a new neighborhood that all of sudden have you thinking of how your life would be if you lived there? I was thinking "hm.. would I like walking my dog around here? Would the dog even like it here?" I don't have a dog by the way. Needless to say, You can almost tell the restaurant is going to be good on your way there.
I could probably eat here everyday.
I did make a reservation just in case, but I don't know if it's typically necessary. We were immediately seated when we got there and sat by a window. The decor is very nice and simple. Oh, and the bathroom is cute too! They even have a nice looking changing table in there if anyone out there reading this has babies.
We started with the cornbread the waiter really hyped us up for (and for good reason). It tasted like a pound cake spin on corn bread. It was delicious and warm and tasted great with the sweet butter on the side.
My husband ordered the hanger steak that came with potatoes and okra and paired it with a beer that he thoroughly enjoyed. For my meal, I wanted something simple because I feel like I ate enough fried foods that day. I ended up getting the spicy creole tomato soup with the block of pimento cheese in it. First, I love that every restaurant in Nola puts their spicy twist on "classic" meals. Second, it was EXACTLY what I needed and actually tasted good with the corn bread. I also had to try the frozé of course which was delicious.
We didn't have room afterwards for dessert or that bakery section you first walk into, but the next time we come to NOLA we will definitely stop at Willa Jean for breakfast or brunch and partake in that. Also, I heard Beyoncé ate here so that's a plus.Definitely Cali hipster style and very very nice menus for each time of the day. Will come back next time to try lunch because brunch was awesome. Unfortunately they were out of the short rib for the Hangover plate but I got the fried chicken in a biscuit with a side of gravy and it was the perfect portion and not even pricey given how nice it is insideI'm the first person to criticize a restaurant whose prices exceed its value. I can say that every item we ordered from Willa Jean's was top notch. And well worth the money. Whoever created these dishes was an artist and a crafts person. We tried the pimento cheese plate and it was great. The meat loaf sandwich was above and beyond. Can't even say enough about it. The Bloody Marys were as good as any bar I've ever been to. But the corn and crab fritters were like angels singing. Do NOT miss this place !!!!Great place for breakfast.   I had the huevos rancheros, super tasty, just he right amount of spice.    My wife had the quinoa salad with poached eggs.    The cappuccino was an 8 out of ten.   I would definitely recommend for breakfast when staying downtown.Thank you, Yelp. 
Here for a conference, looked for a lunch spot close by the Hyatt,  and this spot popped up. Perfect!
I had the signature fried chicken and slaw sandwich, which I loved. Slaw could have been a touch spicier for my taste, but still great! House made Hawaiian roll was a nice touch. So was the Bloody Mary (w pickled okra. Yup.)
Mrs D was ecstatic over her avocado toast w burrata, salad greens, and poached egg. I mean, ECSTATIC!! I tried it , and she was right. Great combination of textures and flavors. 
We were stuffed (we thought) but decided to "just look" at the dessert options. Well...ended up w cookies and milk, as per servers recommendation. Insanely good chocolate chip cookies w sea salt, and vanilla milk. Oh...and a mixer beater w cookie dough in it. No lie. THEN...the woman behind the counter we had been chatting with brought us a double chocolate chocolate chip cookie. So we had to finish that too, right? To be polite?  Turns out she's the owner. Thank you, Kelly!
Loved the food and the vibe. It gets crowded, but sit at the bar or the common table. Totally worth it 
PS: they open for breakfast at 7, and I think we're gonna go back!Two favorite must have dishes at Willa Jean: 1) BBQ fried shrimp on toast. An excellent modern and less messy take on the traditional New Orleans BBQ shrimp dish.  Very flavorful.  2) fried chicken with serrano slaw on Hawaiian roll.  It has some heat, but the slaw makes the flavors pop.  Pair with a nice IPA.My friend and I went on vacation 6 months back. We hit up the usual touristy food spots but wanted a more local vibe and found Willa Jean by chance. It was busy in there but you could tell that everyone was really enjoying their meal so we thought why not. It's been months since I had it, but I'm still dreaming of their dirty rice, which I think was a special that day. The service was on point too. If I didn't live so far away I would probably eat brunch here most weekends.I just visited this place for the first time today with high expectations. After reading the reviews and reading about the biscuits, I was even more excited to try this place. Biscuits are one of my favorite things in the world (I'm serious about biscuits!), so that was my main focus. Well, I got there and didn't have a reservation, however the young lady at the front desk was very nice and accommodating. My wait was about 30 min, which I didn't mind. They have a bar that is first come, first served and is full service, but they didn't have any seats anyway. So, if you don't want to wait, make a reservation. Once I was seated, I checked out the menu. There isn't a wide selection but I'm sure that everyone can find something that they'll like. They also have a pastry shop at the front with a "to-go" option. They have grits ($6), bacon ($6), eggs ($2) a la carte, if worse comes to worse. This place was a little pricey. One biscuit (comes with butter and jam) was $4....that's right, but I'm serious about biscuits, so I wasn't going to let the price separate me from a good biscuit. Well, I ordered the summer berries with granola and white chocolate cream ($9) and the biscuit. The berry dish was tasty and the presentation was nice. Now, this biscuit...this was one of the toughest, heaviest biscuits that I have ever had (and I've had a LOT of biscuits). It wasn't warm either. I was expecting a warm, light, melt-in-your-mouth biscuit...definitely not the case. I was sooooo disappointed. Not to mention feeling rushed out of the place. I could definitely tell that they wanted to turn the tables over quickly and get me out of there. I definitely didn't get the warm, welcoming feeling that I'd become accustomed to at other N. O. restaurants. I'm a Louisiana native and I know good food. I've had much better for cheaper. It was an experience but not one that I think I'll try again. Maybe it was an off day. Try it for yourself though. Hopefully, you'll have a better experience.Amazing awesome customer service and the food is beyond scrumptious the brownies were like a little piece of chocolate heaven yum yum yum! The frozen rose is my cocktail of choice along with the urban modern decor left me wanting to stay in Nola an extra day!We thanked baby Jesus so many times for our Macaroni and cheese and cookies and milk.If I had discovered this on day 1 of my trip, I might have eaten here multiple times. Sadly, I discovered a few hours before I had to leave New Orleans.
My friend and I shared the cornbread to start, and then she had the fried chicken sandwich, and I had the meatloaf sandwich. Everything was absolutely delicious! I had to force myself to stop eating the cornbread so I would have room for my meal. The meatloaf sandwich was perfect. The bread stood up well to a thick slice of meatloaf, but it was overly crusty. The meat on the fried chicken sandwich was juicy and not greasy. The slaw on the sandwich also added some tang and a bit of a kick.
Even though we were stuffed, we still ordered dessert-cookies and milk. The cookies were some of the best chocolate chip cookies I've ever had. Slightly chewy and a little bit salty. The best part is they serve it with an egg beater full of cookie dough. 
I practically needed a wheelbarrow to get out of here!We thoroughly enjoyed our breakfast at Willa Jean. The staff and food were both fantastic. We had the Crawfish and Grits and the Willa Jean breakfast. We also had a Blueberry Ginger Muffin which was delicious.Amazing food and service. What a gem! The biscuits are literally to die for. Don't miss!The place is noisy since it so busy based on popularity.  But I had the best mocha ever (credit they use intelligista coffee ). Also the chocolate espresso cookie was so Delicious. The biscuit was tough to turn down looking nice  and flakey and not sure I could resist on return visit.Found this wonderful coffee shop in my recent visit to New Orleans. Wish we had such GREAT coffee and pastries where I live in Florida. Delicious!!!!This place is full of not-so-healthy goodies. For lunch or snacks, this place can be little expensive but it always taste delicious!This is excellent food. Great combinations. Nice airy decor. Excellent, friendly service. I have two complaints...  1) The price to portion ratio is a little out of line. My Hangar Steak was prepared perfectly and paired well with pesto and a tomato salad...  but I would have liked more of it for the price tag! 2) The menu is limited and in a food town like New Orleans somewhat underwhelming.Staying in New Orleans for a few days and needed a break from the Bourbon St. scene. Willa Jean's was great, I came in around 9 AM and had an immediate seat at the bar. The barback was very welcoming and offered up great suggestions- the whole menu sounds amazing. I went with his #1 pick, the bbq shrimp toast, and it was almost too pretty to eat. It tasted as good as it looked! The latte I had was strong without being bitter, and the atmosphere of the whole place is light and relaxing. Definitely on my list to come back!If you're up late, you need a good place for breakfast. This is it, try the cornbread and Steen Cane Syrup.I had the crab roll -- it was good. Very small but good. Shared an order of Mac and cheese. It was also good. $26 is a little much for a Sammy and a side.Excellent coffee! Beautiful building amazing food and wonderful service. In walking distance to most things in the CBD and in the quarter, you really can't go wrong by starting your day here or stopping in for lunch sometime.I would recommend for lunch but not for dinner. Kale salad and artichoke dip are very good but portions of other items are pretty small and a bit overpriced. Bakery items are very good and the atmosphere is beautiful.First time visiting New Orleans, tried this place on a whim. Great food! Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a delicious meal at a reasonable price. I was very pleased with the chicken sandwich!What a treat! This little spot was a few blocks from our hotel, luckily we stumbled upon it the day before we left because I fear I would have gained 5 pounds just from trying everything in the pastry display case! Here is what we tried:
Chocolate Croissant - Heavenly, best one I've had.
Almond Mini Bundt Cake - This was my favorite thing I tried. Dense and decadent with the perfect almond flavor.
Chocolate Chip Cookie with Vanilla Milk - Husband's pick (I didn't try it) He said it was the best cookie he has had and that the milk was DELICIOUS (he said it with emphasis, so caps it is!). 
Bummed we didn't have a chance to check out the food, but I am pleased we were able to at least try some desserts!What excellent food and service!  Will be back next time we are in New Orleans.The only thing I can say is all I wanted was breakfast but my friends convinced me to come here even though we missed brunch and I'm even more sad I missed breakfast because lunch was INSANE. Grilled cheese + soup was fantastic - burger (add an over easy egg) - coffee is good + cookie too.The was our first stop when we got off the plane. It was soooo good that we had to come back our last day too! The biscuits are to die for. The fried chicken is phenomenal. And you can never go wrong with frosé! The service is just as amazing as the food. Huge shout out to our server Mary for being so great!I came on two separate occasions for different items. In New Orleans, this was the one place where I wanted to try multiple things on the menu because I was greedy and on vacation. 
Anyway, as soon as I get into town and settle in my hotel room, I head to Willa Jean. It's already late in the evening and I get there 10 minutes before closing and order their chocolate chip cookies with vanilla flavored milk to go. I know this isn't a popular opinion but the cookies were meh to me. Way too much chocolate. But the vanilla milk was so delicious. I could see all the vanilla beans seeds in the milk, too. I'll definitely be trying to recreate it at home. The to go packaging was nice. 
Two days later, I'm back and I ordered the pimento grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup. I've never had pimento cheese before and it adds another level of flavor to your normal grilled cheese sandwich. It was so tasty. I also ordered the blueberry-ginger muffin and the sticky bun. I wasn't a fan of the muffin. I think it was the type of flour they used, maybe whole wheat flour? And the blueberries didn't seem fresh. I'm not sure but it was underwhelming. But the sticky bun was amazing! I would go all the way back there just for that. And I plan to whenever I'm back in New Orleans. There were so many other delicious looking things I didn't get to try.Incredible. This is what affordable five stars looks and tastes like. Everything was well done from the service to the value.
This place is popular during rush periods.It really does not matter what you eat while you're there, I promise it will be excellent. The scent of WJ wraps around the entire block and invites you in every single step of the way. I may or may not have had the best adult coffee of my life here...yes, it's that good. My suggestion is: make reservations a day (or a few days) ahead of time so you don't have to worry about a wait, go out in the quarter the night before and get completely tanked, then show up for brunch and order the Hangover Bowl with whatever coffee looks good to you. (I like mine iced and fancy with just a dash or two of alcohol.) You cannot go wrong with this place. Truly a New Orleans gem.I've been coming here a few times already. Before when they first opened was mediocre. The food has gotten a lot better each and every time I go. very clean and modern place for a cute lunch date with friends etc.