Had lunch today at their Grill restaurant.
Started with a bowl of cold mushy gumbo.
From there I was served a salad of hard/raw beets.
Ended with a cold steak.
My guest was served raw butternut squash and roast chicken with a long black human hair.
Very disappointingSpecial shout-out to the staff for being so cool and welcoming during the Nyx parade. You put the other hotels to shame. And I never knew cold chicken went so well with rosemary on a pita. Thank you and Happy Mardi Gras!This review is for the bar are only.  The ambiance and live music were the perfect touch for early evening cocktails but the rude waitress and terribly slow service ruined it for us.  There was only one waitress for the entire cocktail area, at least 80 people.  There was also only 1 bartender to make the drinks.  It took us over 35 minutes to get the waitress's attention, another 30 minutes to get our cocktails and another 25 minutes to get a glass of water.  We had dinner reservations to get to and were only planning to spend 30 minutes total there, but due to the lack of service staff it threw our whole night off.  The hotel itself look lovely."True Southern Service and Elegance"
A Four night stay at Windsor court revealed for us very attentive and friendly service. The Deluxe Suite room was spacious, quiet and tastefully decorated with a very comfortable bed and bedding. While the main bar was undergoing renovation, the temporary one set up in the lobby was capable, making excellent cocktails served with generous complimentary snacks. 
Location is ideal, as it is a short walk to the French Quarter, but equally important is its convenience to the up and coming Warehouse district. We walked to every dinner and lunch save for Commanders Palace
All in all, a very special property, one we recommend to friends. 
The only knock we would point out is that there appears the need for a freshening across the hotel. Minor examples of paint peeling in the bathroom, bathroom fixtures a bit tired and most obvious is the threadbare carpeting in the halls and lifts. None of these nitpicks are items that made our stay any less comfortable, but do separate a four point rating from a five.Windsor Court, Renaisance, W, Monteleone.  These are the best high-end hotels in New Orleans.  There are other places cheaper, but if you want quality you've found it.The polo lounge is a little piece of heaven! The service, atmosphere, and cocktails are out of this world!I feel as though there aren't enough adjectives to describe my positive experience this past weekend. My husband surprised me with reservations for the weekend at The Windsor Court. It was in celebration of my birthday. We had our two children 7 & 10 in tow. We only live about 90 miles from New Orleans so we are very familiar with the area. We had not stayed here before but now I can't imagine staying anywhere else. From start to finish it was a perfect treat. Everyone was so kind and at your full attention. It was a very slow weekend so the sweet bartenders allowed our children to sit at the bar with us. We had cocktails and they enjoyed sparkling grape juice. We had supper at The Grill Room our first night there. We really enjoyed the music and atmosphere. The suite was spacious and very accommodating for a family. We also really enjoyed the balcony overlooking the city! Thanks WC for a fabulous birthday celebration and I hope to be back soon!This hotel makes you feel like you are the prince of Monaco. The lobby alone is enough to let you know that you have arrived at a hotel that takes class serious. The service here is impeccable. The rooms are gorgeous. The entire experience of the hotel is of class and luxury. They have a spa located in the hotel that is five star. There is a good gym on the fourth floor. I don't quite agree with the layout however. The fact that there is good free weights and elliptical machines makes the gym very usable. It's in the heart of downtown but three blocks away from the French quarter. If you've got the money spend it at this hotel you will not be disappointed.What a beautiful, classic, old school hotel. Located in the biz district, it is the perfect distance to the quarter...just a short stroll. The staff has the most incredible southern charm and remembered my name each time I entered the hotel. The pool is small but perfect for a dip. The rooms are large with a separate sitting room and balcony. I wish they had coffee makers in the room but there's coffee in the lobby or the little shop has excellent cafe Auds last! The daily turn down service was a treat...a little praline each night!Located on the very edge of the historic French Quarter, near the Riverwalk Marketplace on the banks of the Mississippi, the Windsor Court is just a few minutes walk from Harrah's Casino, the aquarium, the Convention Center, and the Warehouse Arts District. Its spectacular public spaces and renowned European art collection - the largest in the American South, it includes original works by Reynolds and Gainsborough - have rightfully earned it recognition as one of "The Leading Hotels of the World." The unusually spacious accommodations, decorated with soothing pastels and original artwork, combine traditional English decor with modern amenities, and all have either a private balcony or bay window overlooking the river or the city skyline. They include three telephones, each with two incoming lines equipped with data port capabilities, high speed Internet access, a fully-stocked mini-bar, Italian linens made of 100% Egyptian cotton, a choice of feather, goosedown, or non-allergenic foam pillows, cable TV and VCR, marble bathrooms with top-of-the-line toiletries, thick terry robes, lighted makeup mirror, and hair dryer, an iron and ironing board, and a safe. Junior suites have a spacious seating area; full suites have a separate parlor and bedroom divided by French doors, a kitchenette or wet bar, and a dressing room. The property has a fully-equipped health club, with saunas, showers, and steam room, and an outdoor swimming pool, Jacuzzi whirlpool, and sundeck. The award-winning New Orleans Grill, featuring European cuisine that incorporates Louisiana products, is recognized as one of the country's top restaurants. Deluxe guest rooms range from $195 - 450.00, junior suites from $225 - 475.00, and full suites from $275 - 525.00.i've only stayed here once and it was longer ago than i care to admit but it was a lovely oasis in the middle of the quarter.  i remember  being speechless thanks to their phenomenal art collection -- not exactly what you expect in a boutique hotel.
our room was gorgeous:  large, nicely appointed, huge bathroom with all the trimmings and a truly phenomenal mattress.
i'm not sure you can do better in n.o.  i don't know that i'd want to try anything else.I just love this boutique hotel!  I stayed at the Windsor Court for 4 nights and have never slept so well!  The suite was beautiful and extremely spacious.  The staff was wonderful and provided superior customer service.  While I enjoyed my suite, the balcony and the bed, my favorite part of my stay was the turn down service and the delicious pralines they left for me and my family!
While I didn't dine at the restaurant due to my schedule, room service was fast and the food was delicious.  I was surprised to see that they offered afternoon tea onsite!!
Seriously, if you are looking for exceptional customer service on all levels, this is the place to be.  I can't say enough about this place.Great hotel a little away from quarter but in the perfect area if you like magazine st area. Right in between. Every thing is good about this place. Food, rooms, service. Will continue going to this place.The Windsor Court is a fine hotel but it feels like you are staying at your wealthy grandmothers house. The service level is very high but I don't think the overall experience matches the Ritz. The color palate of the rooms is a beige-blue with taupe trim and the curtains at are all flowery. Rooms are large and you often get upgraded to a suite when they aren't busy -- which is a plus. You can tell they updated he bathrooms and put in more contemporary stand up showers but closet space is sorely lacking -- which you might expect with a suite. 
Another particular nuisance is the speed of the complimentary internet. If you are going to offer it for free, it should be able to work consistently. It's painfully slow. Emails take forever to send and webpages crawl to existence. Forget watching Netflix. Proof of painfully slow speeds. http://www.speedtest.net/my-result/i/2232276872
The plumbing in the hotel is frustrating too. Showers will drop in water pressure when a toilet near you flushes. Hot water can be spotty at times. Our shower drain was clogged. I can imagine things like this are a challenge with older hotels but I would expect more from a hotel at this price point. 
The staff at the hotel is a bright spot. They seem very loyal and well trained. They do little things like add flowers to your suite (which were clearly leftover from an arrangement) but it's a smart touch. 
The bar is very good and the staff in the Polo Lounge is knowledgeable about cocktails and things to do in the city. You can tell they are passionate about New Orleans and it's exudes into their suggestions as they give you ideas of things to do in the city. 
Valet parking is $44-50 a day. Park elsewhere as this is ridiculous. 
Beds at the hotel are large and comfortable. The pillows are down and a favorite for the picky traveler.I would give this hotel 10 stars if I could...there is no hotel in New Orleans that comes close in comparison.  We were booking a last minute road trip with our 2 kids, ages 11 and 8 and found out there was a convention in the city, so most hotels were  sold out.  I was lucky enough to stumble upon this hotel on orbitz and they were having their 30th anniversary sale, with 30% off.  So, this actually made it one of the cheapest hotels available for weekend.  From the minute you pull into courtyard, you know you are somewhere special.  Every single staff member we encountered were more than accommodating and helpful.  We walked into our room (full suite) and it was bigger than some condos I've been in.  Large living room, wet bar with mini fridge, large balcony, huge bedroom, bathroom and vanity area.  Fresh pralines at night, amazing  pool area and nice fitness center just put this hotel over the top.  Would return in a heart beat and it will be hard to come to New Orleans and stay anywhere else. Running into Paul Mccartney at the fitness center and also leaving for his concert make this an unforgettable trip.  An amazing oasis of a hotel, just steps outside the madness of the Quarter.I've stayed in a lot of places in New Orleans and none of them stand out. This one does - a little. 
It is very elegant and well appointed. It has a happening bar. It is an old hotel that has been redone well. The beds are comfortable. The room accomodations are a little Spartan. Pool looks nice and workout facility is just okay.  The staff is nice, accomodating and well trained. I liked that they had a bidet in the room. Hated that it didn't work. The housekeeping service was poor. They didn't clean well and they didn't re-stock well but at least they were nice. 
Smiley face but I don't know that I liked it enough to make it my hotel of choice for New Orleans. Then again, I haven't found one better.I came here with a friend on Friday for lunch.  I ordered a glass of the Daou wine.  $17.00/glass.  Whew I thought that was a wee bit much.  I ordered the 4 course meal I started with the butternut squash soup.  It really was delicious.  I had the redfish almondine which was pretty good.  Cauliflower was more spicy than I thought with their chili glaze.  I also had the Brussels sprouts.  They were good.  I really wish the food came out hot.  Mine was just warm.We stayed at the Windsor Court around Thanksgiving last year, celebrating a special occasion. Chose it mainly because it's a luxury hotel in a great location. We loved every second of it. From arriving and getting out of the car, through check-in, room service...everything, staff were attentive and friendly.
All rooms are suites so you'll have no complaints about size, if size matters that is. The bed is enormous and was incredibly comfortable. The placement of the TV was a bit strange but given the doors to the lounge area, I'm not sure how it could have been done differently. The bathroom was pretty big too and well stocked. The shower was great, tall enough to fit my height and with a bench area to relax on too. Our view was down over the pool, across Harrah's toward the Mississippi, nice to people watch while you're cocooned in the room. 
As I said, we had booked for a special occasion and the hotel didn't disappoint. They provided a bottle of champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries for us to enjoy, which was a nice surprise.
We had one issue with breakfast the next morning when they were unable to meet a drink request but apart from that, it's certainly five stars from me. It would be my first choice if we need a downtown NOLA hotel.Exceptional hotel. Clean, spacious, friendly staff and wow what a view from the concierge floor!I think my main issue is the fact that I was evacuated from the hotel during a false fire alarm at 2AM. Then, the alarm test continued for about 2 hours. The service was marginal at best from the very moment I stepped in the door. I called in for a couple simple items, such as a tooth brush and a robe that never came. Never during my entire 2 night stay was anything prompt, besides the Grill Room which was good, if extraordinarily expensive. They left stuff in the room, alcohol, etc that was half consumed. They charged me for 2 capacinos that I never received then took 30 minutes to adjust my bill while I waited. Then, when I asked them to comp me some coffee for the upstairs lounge, they looked at me as if I was being unreasonable though they complied with the request. 
My advice: Spend your $400 by going to the Marriott,Hilton, Hyatt, etc... save the cash and have a few night caps as a bonus. 
Sincerely,
Steve M.I attended a conference here last spring - the hotel and the rooms within were gorgeous.   The room was very comfortable, the conference rooms were well appointed and the food we had was delicious.  This is a great location, too, as you can walk to the French Quarter and Riverfront, but it's a little bit quieter than if you were to stay right on Bourbon or Canal street.  I would definitely stay here again if I were traveling to New Orleans.Best hotel I have found in New Orleans. Make sure you stay on the Concierge floor. Breafast every day, drinks throughout the day and then snacks in the evening.This was hands down the best hotel I've ever stayed in. There were over 100 of us here for a company conference for three days and they treated us like royalty. EVERYONE received a suite which was sweet!!! Food was excellent, turn down service was top notch and the staff was wonderful. I couldn't have asked for a better location. The Harrah's Casino is directly across the street, Canal is seconds away and Bourbon isn't far at all. I thought we would need an uber to get around but we never did. The walk to a number of bars and restaurants is super easy. Stay here... you won't regret it!This review is only based on the Catering Department. Went with a large group for a Christmas party, the service was ok but the food was either hot food served cold or cold food served warm.  Cold Foie Gras,over cooked Halibut, undercooked risotto etc. I know it is difficult to serve a group of over 100, but this is the Windsor Court?
the Holiday decerations thru out the Hotel were nice.This place is beautiful.  Been here several times for events and their rooms are very nice and usually overlook the pool.  Fun!This is the premiere hotel that I have stayed in during any trip I've been on. It's nice and tucked away and the staff is extremely accommodating despite the construction that was going on during our stay.
Be sure to have a meal at the Grill Room or the Polo Lounge as well. The only comparable hotels in the city would be the Sonesta or the International House.We held a business meeting here for several attorneys and everyone was very pleased with the guest rooms, meeting space, and food. Volker Dicks and Daniel Leavitt made the process of planning everything very easy. We are already planning another meeting there as well and definitely plan to make Windsor Court our preferred destination for future meetings. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to other businesses and individuals looking for a great New Orleans experience!By far the best place to stay in New Orleans.  The location is great for anything you'd like to do.  You aren't confined to the quarter or garden district, just right in the middle.  Not to mention right across the street from the casino.  But what makes it so great is their appreciation of repeat guests and it shows in their staff.   The valets, concierge and even room service staff know me by name. It truly feels like coming to my home away from home.
They just opened their spa and couldn't fit it into my last trip but really looking forward to it.My kids and I stayed here earlier this month while my aunt was visiting. We needed two rooms which were at the end of the hallway across from each other with the hallway closed off for us. It was a large 2 bedroom 2 bathroom suite with all sorts of views. Each room had a vanity area and one had a living room. Both rooms were huge and luxurious. The beds were comfortable and we all slept well. 
We visited the pool area but didn't get in the water because it had been raining. But we ordered food at the pool. It was much too expensive. $9 for a hot dog. Just a regular hot dog. Nothing fancy about it. And $17 for a quesadilla with too many onions and peppers and what seemed to be liquid cheese. We didn't eat anything else at the hotel. 
The service we received while staying at the Windsor Court was exceptional. My aunt requested feather free bedding and it was delivered within 10 minutes. There were little chocolates left for us each night and the kids looked forward to that. Since it rained most of the time and we didn't have umbrellas we were able to borrow nice sturdy ones from the concierge. The hotel must have a million umbrellas because it seemed as if a million people were also borrowing them too. It was quite convenient because it was really raining hard. 
Parking is rather expensive at the hotel but it was not difficult to find street parking right outside or within a block. We stayed out most of the day and parked in the evening when it was free and just walked around to local restaurants or wherever we needed to go.
The hotel is located near the french quarter, Harrah's casino, the CBD, the streetcar, the river, museums, restaurants, and many other things.This is truly an elegant hotel in NOLA.  It is conveniently located to downtown, the French Quarter and a short drive to Uptown. We were upgraded to a very nice suite on the 17th floor overlooking the Mississippi River.  The service was incredible.  We enjoyed drinks before dinner and the breakfasts are incredible.  We didn't get a chance to eat at the hotel's restaurant but it is supposed to be great.  We'll check it out next time.  If you are visiting NOLA with a car, this is a great hotel to stay at.  The parking is a bit expensive, but the valet service is quick and the hotel is very easy to get in and out of to your destination by car. This will definitely be a go to hotel for us in NOLA.tree lighting this year surpassed my.expectations  service is impeccable  many epicurean delights  in a casual sandwich assemblage. sharing in the thirty year anniversary celebration will be memorable. the many dignitaries welcomed all
this year tree lightings are scheduled to make the season abundant with opportunities. tonight is roosevelt tree lighting
most importantly  these events include holiday cheer from local musicians. last night a small band. 
roosevelt offers a lively jazz pianist bringing holiday favorites often unexpected classicsRoom is tiny and filthy dirty. Service and food in restaurant on second floor is absolutely terrible. Almost two hours for breakfast. This is a third or fourth rate hotel at best.  Only one positive is staff in concierge floor is exceptional.What a fantastic hotel. Feels quaint and has a lot of southern charm and class. I was upgraded to a deluxe room and the room is terrific. Comfy beds, tons of space and the view from the 18th floor is wonderful. Friendly staff and a great location. You're close enough to bourbon st that you can walk but far enough away that you can escape the chaos. Having Harrahs next door isn't awful either.As always a great upscale hotel in a good location.  Service was wonderful!  Family loved it and will stay again.Consistently awesome. From the bellmen at the front door to the staff in the club lounge, this place is the finest hotel in the USA. Sheets, beds, towels, maids, food and drinks  are all wonderful. 
Don't skimp and stay somewhere else. Not a fluke, I've been staying here for 15 years.The Windsor Court is truly a gem, providing a luxurious and inexpensive five-day vacation. We stayed at the club level, which was undoubtedly worth the price. The morning, afternoon and evening spreads in the club were plentiful and delicious. The space was well-designed and comfortable and the rooftop balconies were especially delightful. Josie the club concierge gave great recommendations and Alyx is a phenomenal club attendant. He was attentive, funny, and remembered our preferences each day. He's also a creative bartender -- ask for a Manhattan with an Alyx and he'll surprise you with a great cocktail. 
Housekeeping service was excellent and adjusted cleaning and turndown times to our daily schedule. They seemed to know when our spa appointments were and came to clean our room while we were gone. The concierge was also responsive and even preemptive, which was appreciated. 
One downside is they don't provide outdoor furniture for the balcony, so bring your own if you can or drag the suite furniture out if it's not raining. 
The spa wasn't bad but probably the least impressive thing about the hotel. The service was inconsistent and the space was cluttered with products for sale. It would be fine for a run-of-the-mill corner spa but didn't live up to the expectation (or the price) of a five-star hotel spa. 
The room was well-lit and immaculately decorated. Loved the granite and marble bathroom and remarkably comfortable bed. 
The fitness center is well-stocked and it even has a rowing machine. Poolside was comfortable and the service was attentive. Tyler especially did a great job. 
The location is great, within walking distance of the French Quarter and business district. Parking is expensive but the valet is fast and courteous. No problem with taking and returning the car throughout the day, when several times a day. 
All in all a fantastic vacation at a great price. We'll be back to the Windsor Court!$60M worth or art on display at this 5 start hotel.  Of course i will give it a five star rating here too. Was there on business so didn't get to fully enjoy the deluxe suite.  Want to go back ASAP.While poor service is expected during Mardi Gras, I would have thought the service at the Polo Club Lounge at Windsor Court would have been the exception.  3 bar tenders, at least 5 floor waiters and one very flustered manager appearing person later, no exception.  Horrible service, including going to the bar to order and then only received 2 of the 3 drinks we ordered. Had to go back for that.  After $86.00 including an automatic service charge we left.  Will not go back and by the way, really sad attitude by concierge who told us she had nothing to do with "the people upstairs".  SadBeautiful hotel with a classy old feel.  Rooms are large, styled in a classic southern style.  Staff was super friendly.  Really couldn't have asked for more.I have never been so in love with a hotel before! 
We flew in early, got to the hotel at 10am. I had called ahead and requested an early check in. They were happy to accommodate and had a room available right when we arrived. 
The room was gorgeous and very spacious. We had a double queen room with a nice view of the city. What I enjoyed the most was the extra mirror space for getting ready! 
The service at this hotel is truly incredible. Everyone is so nice, opening doors for you and helping with anything you may need. 
Their gym is great as well. They have it all - treadmill elliptical rower bikes weights and even a power plate! They also have fruit and cold wet towels in there for after your workout. The pool is nice but wasn't heated (February), which was a bummer. They were also doing some work to the area which would explain the lack of heat. 
We were there for a wedding, and they did a great job in that department as well. The wedding was absolutely gorgeous and they treated everyone in the wedding like royalty :). Thank you WC!First stay in New Orleans, this is at the high end for us but we feel it's worth it. Staff was very friendly and professional. Everything was clean and in excellent condition. The location was perfect for walking to eat, riding the trolleys, and stopping back to rest or use the bathroom.The location is very convenient and the suites were very spacious, though dated. We spent a weekend with a group of friends and enjoyed the hotel overall, though found the service to be lacking. (With the exception of valet who were extremely courteous and efficient)
Upon check-in we found trash, bottle caps, and a dental floss pick on the floor/under the bed and twice asked housekeeping to remove them (finally removed on the third day). We had to call down each day for housekeeping to service the room as they did not appear before 5pm on two days (did not change sheets as requested nor replenish amenities in bathroom). The bedroom television did not work upon check-in and also took the hotel two days to address. To add to the general lack of concern, a few days following our stay I discovered an erroneous charge of $111 on my account that the hotel has yet to resolve.We had the pleasure of staying at the WC over Labor Day weekend, and I have to say that it was a wonderful experience- the hotel staff was on top of their game and made our stay very enjoyable- our room was first class and the service was excellent- the Polo Lounge, while legitimately pricey, was what a lounge should be- good drinks, great service, great piano player and very friendly. Would go back in a heartbeat! Thanks to all!Never stayed here but the party is dope!! I had a great time with friends. Drink were strong just perfect for me. The hotel was nicely decorated upscale.An old world 5 star hotel with the charm that has been lost in the modern day hotel chains that now dominate NOLA.  It's an oasis near the craziness of the French Quarter.  We stayed in a large corner suite with views of the water.  The service is excellent.  Really enjoyed the Polo Lounge for martinis and jazz.The nicest staff ever. Better then any place I have ever stayed. I highly recommend the club level. Friendly and professional employees. Our rooms were wonderful. We were celebrating the 50th birthday of a friend with a big group. Everyone may us feel very special. I would never dream of staying anywhere else when in New Orleans.Beautiful hotel, excellent service, everything was top of the line. The staff was amazing and the club level had great food and amazing views. I will be staying here again.We have stayed here multiple times and again the suite that we had was very nice. The location is the best. Check in was a little slow and the room was not ready. You  would think that when we arrived he would have called to get it ready. The front desk staff was not that helpful or friendly. The bellmen were always friendly and ready to assist.Although the hotel was 1/2 empty  I was put in the smallest worse room in the hotel because I had booked with HotelClub. I asked that since they were empty(off-season) for a better room but they were unrelenting. I guess it's back to the Monteleone next trip. I had stayed at Windsor Court the last 4-5 times we were in NO.We stayed at the Windsor court hotelier a family vacation. It was classic and beautiful clean and in a good safe location. Service was very very good and there was a pool , spa , and a fitness center. They were all dry fun and the kids loved it. We had a great time at the Windsor court hotel. We highly recommend to this hotel for your stay.Okay....let me just preface this by saying that I think this place is beautiful and will be a 5 star if they can work out a few kinks!
I'm still a guest here and will be departing tomorrow, I doubt management will address this as they haven't addressed the issues this far! Staying here for a conference, when we checked in, one room out of our 3 was not correct with our check out date--- after about 45 minutes finally figured out!
We have been here 3 mornings .... NO HOT WATER IN THE MORNINGS!!! We've been told that this is due to renovations and "it takes a whole to run through the closed floors....just lett it run about 30-40 minutes" .....I'm sorry but I am not adding an extra hour to my day just to get a hot shower. Now this morning we were informed that there will be watered interruptions from 10 am -12 Am "due to unforeseen water issues".
Issue number three: housekeeping.  The room is clean, but everyday we have had to call for somethingnthatnhasnt been replaced....towels, soap, etc.  Tonight we waited 5 hours for washcloths and toilet paper....not acceptable, even at the Super 8!!!!
Would I stay again???? probably not....I think there are some serious issues with this supposed 5-star Hotel!!!We came here for tea. Lovely place. Peaceful. Superb service. If you really like the tea as much as the food, you will not be disappointed as they have obviously taken care in finding very good teas to serve. For a small additional fee you are fed one toast with caviar and one with salmon in addition to one alcoholic beverage. I could have lived without although a nice champagne. Food as we would have expected. Have had better (in England) but we were happy. And quite full! This is a great experience and a great way to spend time with my wife and daughter.Gorgeous hotel. Very good size suite with extremely comfortable beds and wonderful soft but crisp sheets. Loved my stay including the nightly pralines during turn down serviceGuess what this place is gorgeous, has excellent customer service, concierge and beautiful rooms that are clean with comfy beds. I checked into this hotel on my 30th birthday and guess what we were upgraded from a standard Hotwire mystery room to a deluxe suite on the 19th floor. Happy Birthday to me!! We stayed here 2 nights. 
The staff was helpful, delivered our bags to the room, had turn down service every night and even turned on the tv so we wouldn't come back to a quiet room. You even get a praline each night as a snack. The free slippers are a nice perk and the robes are super comfy. The hotels balcony views left much to be desired as we just saw buildings and not the riverfront. 
I appreciated all the doormen at the front ready and willing to make a customer feel at home. 
The suite was spacious and had an excellent vanity area to get ready. The hotel was quiet but is a 15-20 min walk back to the French quarter . You are quite close to a great place to eat home cooking called Mothers. I did not try room service or any food at the actual hotel. The mini bar prices were a little on the high side as well for standard snacks and you couldn't use the fridge for leftovers without being charged a restocking fee. 
The hotel provides a lot of standard amenities and extras as well -mouthwash, toothpaste, razor, toothbrush, shave gel, cuties, cotton pads, loofah. I have to say that for being such a high end hotel though the shampoo and conditioner were still not up to par. The spa does have Moroccan and Coola products though. 
It was nice to stay in such a beautiful hotel and walk around the grounds because everything is so beautiful and the hotel has a modern yet Victorian charm .The best thing about this hotel is that it was free. The place is very dated. If you think "Scarface" is still cool, then you might enjoy this trip back to the early eighties. We were comped a suite after two horrific experiences at the restaurant in the hotel. The "super cool" old school TV on a lift at the foot of the bed didn't work and maintenance couldn't fix it. Why would anyone pay money for this? We've stayed at many places in New Orleans and would never go back to this dying elephant. Go to the W, go to the JW Marriott, go to the Bourbon Orleans, go anywhere but here!This is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at.  Not only is their food incredible but the employees are way above par. The assistant GM, Ralph, is a pleasure to deal with and personally helped me with a situation that another hotel had lost my luggage including my wallet, car keys, house keys, and computer. The employees here not only calmed me down and accommodated me, but also worked with the GM at the other hotel that had lost my stuff to locate and deliver my lost items to me. Shout out to Tamera at the front desk as well as she really helped me out with this scenario by brainstorming ways for me to get my stuff back. And also Jason at the bar. Anytime I come to New Orleans I will be staying at this hotel. Thank you again to all the employees for going above and beyond.Hotel being remodeled.  The upgraded rooms are fantastic.  Suites are roomy and well appointed.  Good restaurant on site.  Great service staff.I came here for business in the winter (sadly, I cannot afford this kind of luxury on my own). I got upgraded to a junior suite, which was great, and the staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating. The location is within walking distance of CBD and the French Quarter, so I was able to take groups to both Emeril's and a restaurant in the Quarter and was able to wander around when I had a little down time. My room was lovely and had two balconies overlooking hoards of birds that hang out in the trees in the back - what's up with that, by the way? You can tell that this is one of the nicest hotels in the city because in the lobby in the evening, everyone seemed to be clad in tuxes and gowns (I felt pretty out of my league) and I even had an awkward run-in with a celebrity who thought I was an employee...but that's another story. 
I'm only deducting a star because I wouldn't recommend holding a business event here. The contact was difficult to get in touch with, and it was easy to tell that business meetings are not their forte. The space is nice (a gorgeous Victorian room) but they seem to be more set up for social events based on issues with catering, technology setup, etc.  If you can afford to stay here, by all means do so, but think twice before hosting a business meeting here.$200 worth of just-purchased merchandise was snatched from my room. I had to ask to be reimbursed. 5 stars? They would have been more apologetic at the Best Western.
You have been warned.This was a totally solid 4* hotel experience, in a perfect location in NoLa.  
My wife and I visited New Orleans for the first time last week, to celebrate our 8th anniversary and I don't think we could have chosen a better hotel.  The location was perfect for us!  A nice 10 minute walk to the French quarter or the Business District, 5 minutes to Riverwalk or the Canal Shops.  So it's close enough to walk to our dinners and barhopping adventures, and just far enough from Bourbon St. and the French Quarter to be an oasis of good service and peaceful nights' rest.
The service in the lobby was consistently excellent.  Really 5*.  The concierges and valets and bellmen couldn't be any more helpful or pleasant.  They all handled our many daily requests absolutely perfectly.  Our dinner reservations and cancellations and courier handling, and other requests were handled perfectly.  You can really count on them, which I expect from a great hotel but don't always get.
So, where do they lose a *?  A few little things.  
   The housekeeping could be better.  We found the maid's apron on the chair in our room and couldn't imagine an altruistic scenario where that's something that could happen!  And believe me, we tried.  (so, there was a puppy falling from a higher floor and in lunging to save her the maid's apron somehow fell off and with all the excitement and meshugaas of saving the puppy she didn't notice that it had fallen?).  Also the room was never spotless.  For me, great housekeeping not only wipes down the surfaces but actually does a little tidying of my haphazardly strewn clothes.  There was zero tidying.  
   The "Afternoon Tea", oddly offered at 11am or 2pm on weekends was just OK compared with the great tea services I've had - but this is more a review of Le Salon and doesn't really cost them a star.
   You should get a bottle or 2 of water each day.  Failing that, a bottle shown as $4 in the minibar shouldn't be $7.83 upon checkout.  I don't care to read the fine print in the minibar menu.  $4 should not get to almost $8.  That's offensive and a horrible way to end someone's great stay.  And it's also a horrible way to end a great review of a great hotel but this is where I'll leave it, as it seems fair.This hotel TOTALLY made our NOLA trip! The location of this place is PHENOMENAL if you are able to walk a bit. You are within a mile or less of just about anything you'd want to do. My mom and I walked ALL over town, and coming back to this hotel was the perfect place to kick back and rest up for the next day. The turn down service was very cute and nice with complimentary treats. The concierge helped us on multiple occasions, and we enjoyed all the recommendations. We were VERY pleased with Windsor Court.Newly renovated, this beautiful and elegant hotel is perfected located on the edge of the French Quarter. Within easy walking distance to  Bourbon Street and the warehouse district, it provides a quiet respite after a full day of sightseeing and dining. The rooms are spacious and the furnishings are well maintained.  I highly recommend the two bedroom suite which provides a river view and feels more like a private wing than a suite. The concierge was terrific and house keeping was prompt and courteous. Truly a delightful stay.I stayed here during a conference for work and was impressed with the level of service that was received. I don't normally splurge on nice hotels myself and am used to conferences being in mega hotels such as the Gaylord. 
The rooms were nice, but not the absolute nicest I've stayed in.  My room had that old world Victorian vibe with a comfy bed and nice TV. The service; however, is really what stood out. 
The door crew was incredibly nice. While the concierge was helpful and pointed me to touristy restaurants (despite asking for where the locals go), the door crew, especially Byron, pointed me to the real deal. I also met the cleaning lady for my room and she was quite talkative with lots of charm. I've been to very few hotels where the cleaning staff appears happy.  She remembered me as she saw me in the hallway a few times and asked about my stay. 
Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. I got the corporate rate of 200 a night. I would probably pay that again, but not much higher unless the room was upgraded to something nicer.We went during the Christmas season, so the hotel lobby was tastefully decorated with a huge Christmas tree with a train set around it.  A little creepy with a life size Santa next to his sleigh though.
We had a red eye flight, and arrived at around 7 am.  I know that check in is not until 4 pm, but I arrived and asked anyway.  They gave us a room right away.  I was so grateful for that.  The front desk people and the concierge were all helpful and nice people.  The concierge recommended a great plantation tour for us.
The room is huge, it has an area with mirrors for the ladies, that is never heard of.  It has so much room that we can lay out our suitcases.  
This area is a quiet area, but close enough that you can walk to the French Quarters in about 10 mins.  About 20 mins to the WWII museum.  Or 5 mins to the bus on Magazine street. This location is perfect if you don't want to be bothered by the noise on the streets.  It is at a corner so no one really walks pass without a purpose.
If you are going during Christmas, I would recommend you making a reservation for their tea service at 10 am 1 pm or 3 pm.  I didn't know, so I didn't have a chance, but the menu really looked fantastic.  Actually, I told them to put me on the waitlist and they did call me when they had a cancellation.  Too bad it was on the day when I have to leave town, so I couldn't make it. 
The swimming pool is small, so I wouldn't expect to do my exercise in the pool.  However, the gym is quite well equipped.  They offer apples, oranges and sometimes bananas in there.  They have ice cold towels ready as well.   
Each night when they turn down the bed, they offer you a Praline, or piece of chocolate.  We even had Xmas cookies too.
I know this hotel looks a little old, but I feel like it is clean, and that's what matters the most to me.  I had a great time there, so will you.I had a fantastic time at this hotel!
I got an amazing deal at this hotel through Gilt Groupe at $90 a night for a room with a King sized bed, a living room, an amazing bathroom area with a large vanity and other details. We freaking had one of those tv's where it sits in a box at the foot of your bed and you push a button and it elevates! I've never had one of those before! The kitchen does look it's never been touched since the hotel first opened but who the hell is going to use the kitchen if you're such a short walk from the French Quarter, home of the best restaurants in the world? The bathroom is also pretty basic...it did come with a bidet, a butt-washer....me and my boyfriend were too scared to test it and I couldn't really figure out how to turn it on.
This hotel is extravagant and over the top, especially when it comes to the other guests here, the customer service and about 50% of the interior design. The lobby is pretty breathtaking. When I walked in, there were these old grandpas in suits chatting in the lobby...I felt like I was at some swanky country club. The front desk people were so accommodating; I felt like royalty and I was also a little....weirded out by it I guess. I thought to myself "I wonder what this amazing front desk guy with the pseudo English accent thinks of two 21 yr olds checking into this place".
The Windsor Court is a short walk from the French Quarter, The Riverwalk, and across the street from Harrah's for those who like to gamble (very awesome, pirate-y decor...so cool!)
This hotel, to me, epitomized extravagance (even if the decor is starting to get a little outdated)...and the customer service is top of the line. You will feel like royalty here. It's not modern, like the W next door. I give them 5 stars especially because of the service, the comfortable room, etc. I'm not knocking off stars because things are slightly out-dated (at least there weren't bugs or unidentifiable stains on anything!!!) 
I would definitely book with this hotel again if I head back to New Orleans again (*crosses fingers*)Huge rooms, great location, puts you in the middle of anything you could possibly want in New Orleans.  If you plan ahead you can get a three star hotel price for a much nicer hotel.  What is there to complain about?Having received a super deal through their website, hubby and I stayed for a four night stretch in August. We stayed at the Royal Sonesta a year earlier, and while it is nicely situated on Bourbon, we wanted to try something different and a little more high end. 
We checked in very late (1 am or so) after a flight in from the OC and had no problems. Very quick and polite. The room itself was larger than most people's apartments. We had decided to go with the Full Suite and I requested a river view. Everything was all set up perfectly for us. 
I read a few of the reviews by others. I will tell you that this is not the kind of place you stay at if you are looking for a trendy "W" experience (which is right next door BTW). The furnishings are what you might call "classic". Yes, some of them were a little outdated and apparently the hotel is being slowly remodeled. The galley/kitchen should probably be on the tops of their lists for remodeling. The fridge worked fine but looked to be about 25 years old. This is NOT an exaggeration. 
The Polo Lounge was great for drinks and light eats. The pool was clean, big enough and had constant attention by the staff. I think it would have been nice for the pool to have a bar, though apparently you can order food/drinks to be delivered there. 
I would not consider this a family hotel though there were families staying here. I am not a big fan of kids splashing around and screaming in the pool at the top of their lungs and their parents doing nothing to stop it. I don't have a problem with most kids - just the poorly behaved ones and since this is considered a "fancy" hotel, I think it is up to the parents to keep their kids in line with that level of clientele. Okay, diatribe over. 
Part of our package included daily breakfast - this covered either the grill or room service. Since we aren't really morning people, we got room service twice. Overall, very good food. The bill both times was over $80 so it being comped was very welcomed. 
Not a far walk to the Quarter. Taxis are lined up outside the hotel. Short walk to the river front. 
Based on the size and cleanliness of the rooms, excellent service and amenities we would definitely stay here again if we got it for the same price.A beautiful old hotel with memorable pink roses everywhere and elegant southern charm.  The staff was lovely and professional. The classic decor of this hotel was truly special.
A newly renovated gym and infinity pool was a great amenity to have to enjoy the ace-weather of my stay. 
I struggled with this review since I really found this hotel special and comfortable. I caution that if you're expecting modern amenities, this place is not for you. The guestrooms showed their age, somewhat and I really struggled with the hot water in the shower.  The TVs had a limited number of stations.Gorgeous rooms. Great bar and lobby area! Enjoyed the live music on Friday night! 
Incredible service down to the doormen and valet. 
Definitely staying here next visit to Nola!!!I spent three wonderful nights here a few weeks ago.  All rooms are suites, bedroom and a living room.  I was alone, but there were 3 sinks, two in the bathroom and one next to it in a separate area.
When I first walked into the lobby, I was flabbergasted ... it was HUGE with many different sections, bar, concierge desk, check in desk, a small shop, sitting areas... My first thoughts were that this was going to be a confusing place to stay and to get assistance.  Boy, was I WRONG.
The service from everyone I encountered was flawless.  I had to asked a lot of questions during my stay and everyone I spoke with was kind, friendly,  knowledgeable  and very professional.  
My room had a small balcony over looking the city which was an added plus.
I can't say enough about the Windsor Court and I definitely will stay there on a future visit.Fantastic hotel right in the heart of old New Orleans. Impeccable service with highly trained staff. I will recommend to friends! Thanks Ross!Windsor Court is a beautiful hotel in a fantastic location.  It's quaint, unique and our stay was enjoyable with the exceptions below.
Should others choose WC?  Really depends on your expectations regarding service.
Unfortunately, we won't be back.  There were just too many service issues that when collectively considered suggest a high disregard for top of the line service.  For example - we stayed four nights and the guest before us evidently smoked on the balcony and used a beer bottle as an ash tray.  Despite being one foot from the glass balcony door, this bottle was not removed by house keeping over the entire four day stay.  Our minibar and other common items were not completely restocked each night.  Our bathtub needed service.  We ordered room service which took 50 minutes; our order was missing a couple of items but we chose to ignore it instead of the hassle of trying to get the right items.
One afternoon, we asked the concierge for a recommendation.  As a side note, the concierge staff as a group is adequate at best.  Travis sent us on a 10 to 15 minute walk.  When we arrived at the restaurant, the hostess looked at us like we were nuts.  She said they were completely booked at least a week in advance, a fact any knowledgeable concierge would know.
And as a final insult, the housekeeper was going door-to-door at 9:00 a.m. on our final day (one in which we hoped to sleep late) ringing door bells and knocking exclaiming, "housekeeping".  I answered the door and noticed that our door and many of the others had our privacy - do not disturb signs hanging from the handle.
A couple of these mishaps?  No big deal.  As a collection?  It suggests a systemic problem at this hotel.  I'm quite certain that I can find a hotel in NO for $400 a night that has a much clearer understanding of five star service.This was my first stay @ Windsor Court and I have to say, they are now my NOLA go to hotel! I always assumed the room rates would be really high, but they are not much different from other hotels in the area. The whole hotel has been updated, with a new outstanding Spa. My loyalty comes from the unbelievable service!! I needed a DVR in the room, I got it instantly, no charge. I forgot my antiperspirant, housekeeping had some brought to my room in under 10 minutes...free. I ordered room service twice. It arrived both times in under 25 minutes, the food was still HOT and it was delicious! It has been decades since I have had a great room service experience. Polo Club and Lounge...fantastic! Roger and Jason made me feel at home immediately. Every patron I met @ Polo Lounge is fiercely loyal not only to the hotel but to the staff as well. I will never stay anywhere else!J'ai pass 3 jours  la nouvelle orlans pour raisons professionnelles; le windsor court hotel est parfaitement situ pour accder aux points stratgiques de la ville. 
Le personnel de l'hotel est irrprochable et procure un service de qualit; au niveau du logement, certains dtails non apparents d'emble mriteraient d'tre corrigs: prise electrique defectueuse, meuble endommag, impossibilit d'obtenir une fermeture complte des rideaux... tout un tas de petits tracas qui me laissent  penser qu'un 4 diamonds des usa n'est pas encore le nec plus ultra de l'hotellerie. 
Cela tant, c'est encore une des meilleures adresses de la ville o je retournerais volontiersIf you are of the 1 percent this is the hotel for you. First class service and the hotel of Presidents and Kings. Us littles can come and play dress up and enjoy the "High Tea" and biscuits. I was here for a private function and the food was the best I have ever seen. Filet mignon on a buffet? You know you are rolling with the big boys. Hope to come and enjoy the good life, one day my friends, one day.Super swanky place. 
Seriously. 
They now serve bar food. 
Seriously. 
You can act like a local with these tips...
1) Bar Food: 
Go to the Polo Club late night til 2am and order the truffle fries & cheeseburger w/ Talligo cheese inside the patty topped off with foie gras of course!
2) Tea:
A good spot for ladies to have tea and scones on a Sunday afternoon to recover from heavy drinking.
3) Alcohol 101:
The Polo Club Lounge is also now offering monthly classes/tastings of whiskey, scotch, and all that good stuff. Get schooled in liqueur while getting your drink on. So Nawlins'.My boyfriend and I visited NOLA for a weekend. We are young (20's) so we weren't sure if the Windsor Court would suit us well. 
Boy were we wrong:
They were able to honor a good price and upgraded us to a suite because my family (long time Tulanians) has stayed there for the last 30-something years. 
From the moment you set foot on the property the staff treats you like royalty. Everything from the enthusiastic smiles of the bellhops to the smiley concierge to the   helpful towel boys by the pool - this place makes you feel right at home. 
The room was beautifully renovated ... bathrooms were all marble clean and sooooo comfortable. Fluffy pillows and super comfortable sheets and bed. 
It was a PLEASURE staying here despite how young we were. After hopping through the french quarter at night, it was so refreshing and delightful to come back to a cosy clean quiet home. 
We cancelled our reservations at the W french quarter after hearing about their renovations and visited the hotel while we were in town --- cannot tell you how thankful we were we chose to stay at Windsor court!! 
I'm glad I stayed and will DEFINITELY be continuing my families legacy and staying there in my future visit.Extraordinarly good service, even though they still have staffing problems after Katrina.  The club level is the finest I've ever seen.  The bar and restaurant are "old New Orleans".  Truly excellent.I'm truly a big fan of Windsor Court. I spend a lot of time here.  They have the polo lounge, the grill room and seem to always have the best events here. You want a great drink, you definitely need something from the polo lounge. Its awesome and I love the classy setup. Food, The Grill room gives an amazing food experience and the best tea I have ever had in my LIFE. 
I recently visited an awards ceremony in the Gallery. A very nice setup. Great for small to medium scaled events with a sit-down dinner/lunch experience. Great setup and near the pool. Also, a wonderful and friendly staff. This is definitely one of my favorite hotels. Even if you not staying check it out for one of the other great experiences that can be found here.The suites are very spacious, clean, and well-maintained. The rooms are very light with tasteful decor. The drapes are heavy enough to block out most of the midday sun, which allows for a little one to take a nap after a long day. 
One of the few hotel rooms with enough space to actually put away one's clothes from the suitcases!Stay in the odd number rooms if you can.  I have stayed on both sides and the rooms are well appointed either way and the views are better the higher you go (obviously) but you can see the river on the 'odd' side.  Tonight I was in 614 and my fiancee is in 501 and both are terrific in terms of size and comfort.  I have Moulton Brown products and he has another upscale brand in his room.  Complete with loofah sponge, terry monogrammed bathrobes & slippers, illuminated magnified mirrors and great linens and two HD tvs all make for a very luxurious night for those of us for whom a night in a fancy hotel is a real treat.  I love staying at the Windsor Court and it has become a family tradition due to its proximity to the NWW2 Museum.  Walking distance to Saks and the Quarter are a big plus.We just returned from New Orleans and a wonderful stay at the Windsor Court Hotel.  We have stayed at the Windsor Court many times.  It is always a joy to stay there.  The staff is very attentive.  The rooms were very comfortable.  The hotel is conveniently located across from Hurrah's casino, near the waterfront and the  "hot spots" in the French Quarter.  I would not stay anywhere else in New Orleans.Had a great stay here at a reasonable price. All of the staff were friendly and accommodating. The room was clean and spacious (we got a junior suite). The toiletries from their spa were nice quality. Perfect location - close enough to the French Quarter but not in the middle of too much craziness.My recent stay at the Windsor Court was quintessential New Orleans. I've stayed at the Westin, etc. but the Windsor is charming and authentic. Service was fantastic. The Polo Bar was great. And our suite had a wonderful view of the river -- not to mention it was almost as big as our house :-)
I was at a meeting with several locals, and they agree: This is the place to stay, to stop in for a drink, etc. And it's a perfect location, near restaurants, the convention center... I'm ready to go back. (My only quibble is with the kitchenette. There's a full-size refrigerator and a small, old stove, but no pans or utensils. I need to heat some medications, and a microwave would have been helpful.)We are leaving the Windsor court tomorrow and have really enjoyed our stay here.  Mary Wallace has truly made our stay fabulous and we can't say enough about the windsor court and it's staff.  The suite, service and food is the best In new Orleans.  We will be back in september and can hardly wait. Next time we will reserve a suite with a balcony and river view.  Cheers to mary!
If you want to stay at the best hotel in new orleans, look no further..What a great place to stay! I was about 6 blocks from Bourbon Street, which was perfect. Right around the corner from the W, across the street from Harrah's casino too!
The staff was amazing and my room fantastic. I had a a junior suite tht was simply gorgeous. A sitting room, dressing room, and huge bathroom, 2 balconies. 
I had a plumbing problem in my room and with one mention to the cleaning staff, the problem was fixed likity split!My family spends Christmas at Windsor Court and it is the most special time of the year. The rooms are very large and extremely well appointed, the staff is very accomodating, the food terrific, spa amazing and overall the only place I want to be.Absolutely hands-down my favorite hotel in New Orleans, as long as I'm staying on club-level. The service is superior starting with David at the door, he always remembers my name! Where else is in New Orleans do you have such loyal and personable employees? Then there are the suites, such luxurious surroundings and amenities. The beds are too inviting. And the the "spoil-me-why-don't-you" club lounge with really good wines, delicious foods, helpful Concierge, beautiful views, and comfy chairs and sofas. Love it so much I wish I were there now.Way better than I expected. I knew it was going to be great because I saw it came in at #2 on tripadvisor which is why I booked - but beyond my expectations.  The entry has a huge rose arrangement that I saw them change out the next day. The interior decor is what got my attention. I love the historic and romantic feel. Made me feel like I was in old town Louisiana.  After walking to Bourbon street and being let down by what I saw there, coming back home to our old world, plush and elegant accommodations made it  feel more like it was supposed to.  This hotel along with the walking tour really gave me the feel of being in New Orleans.The best hotel in the city.  The location is perfect, balanced on a precipice between the quarter and the CBD, and right next to the casino.  It's walking distance to all the great sights and sounds of the quarter, and still within reach of the convention center and all the downtown offices.  
The service is outstanding, people cater to your every whim at a moment's notice.  Everyone is beyond friendly and attentive.  
The decor is victorian.  Other reviewers are saying it's "dated" but that's incorrect--it's a classic, victorian style, consistent with the city's style.  It's not the W, it's the Windsor.  
The lobby is fantastic, I love the sitting area.  Get the aviation snowball cocktail and chill out with some friends.  
It's expensive, but they make you feel special every step of the way.I am an event planner who was attending a convention at the convention center; and my company had booked about 20 rooms at the Windor Court. Although I was not in charge of the venue selection, my collegue had planned this portion.
On the outside the Windor Court is an elegant, boutique-style venue. 
However, I personally had a lousy stay. 
1) The Room Keys were constantly demagnitized. I quite literally had to get a fresh set of 6-10 room keys daily -- very frustrating. I spoke with a manager (or so I thought). The person basically told me it was my fault and that the keys must have been stored nnext to a cell phone - that they had the best key service - and there was nothing they could do. Now, I stayed at the Peabody in Orlando back in January. I specifically remember that their keys did not get demagnitized - even when I had specifically ask. Clearly, the conatnt need to get room keys and the lack of care/ attention was disheartening.
2) The showers are unusually slippery. Upon arrival, I went to take a show berfore dinner nad had a nasty fall. I broke much of the curtain as I grasped for something to hold. I am in my mid 30s, so I walked away with a series of bruises. I speculate that if I were older, the outcome might not have been ok. In anycase, I did ask to speak with a manager. I gave my business card. No one ever got in touch with me. a day later I asked the desk if they would just please provide me a "no-slip" mat for the shower/ bath. They said they would have this in the room. It never came. I ended up just stepping on wet towels as I showered.
3) I ordered a medium well burger to go from the nice bar/ restaurant. (This was a very expensive burger -- but was surely a high-end restaurant. And I was not wearing the "dress-code" and was glared at by the hostesses while I tried to just make the order) I brought this back up to my room, took two bites, and discovered the center basically raw. Again I orrdered this medium well. I would have gone downstairs to return, but I was not interested in facing the snotting hostesses -- nor annoying (I speculate) masterful chef (who can not make a burger).
4) I can go on with a few more -- hopefully you get the idea. Upon check-out I finally meet the manager. He tells me he hasn't been told of any of my complaints; and that there is always a manager on-duty, so he could not explain why I seemingly couldn't find one. He was willing to re-negotiate the bill; but I was interested in getting to the airport. I gave him my card and asked he follow up with me at a later time or pass on my issues to the GM. He said he would do so. This was months ago. Frankly, someone should have sent me an apology note -- but to blow-off an Event Manager (or anybody) is just another serice failure.
For the price, this is not worth your money. And I am still unhappy with my experience that I am just now writing this YELP after months!It is always a pleasure to stay here. Every staff person from the valet to the front desk to the bartenders are friendly, warm, and inviting. It is simply a joy to come home from an exhausting day and have the turn down service and a comfy bed.Very nice hotel, however the gumbo my wife and I had from the bar gave us terrible food poisoning.Great service but very invasive. I fell asleep by the pool and awoke to a full on interrogation by management. I was asked a series of questions pertaining to the legitimacy of my stay and thus felt extremely victimized. Hospitality only carries its weight through genuine concern for your clients, but this was not the case here.  I appreciated the service but all of it was dripping with disdain and exclusivity.
Like your pool is cool but I'm not tryna live next to it. Do I look homeless???? No I don't.Impeccable service, from the valet to the concierge to the front desk to the restaurant staff to the housekeeping.  Restaurant is top notch with a very nice courtyard view. Comfortable beds, nice amenities and good location just a block from the French Quarter.  Only complaint was i couldn't leave the sliding doors open all night to get the lovely air because the garbage trucks drive by at 4:30 am. But if you close the doors, you don't hear them.Don't care about art. Don't eat or imbibe in hotels. Why would you eat hotel food with the French Quarter next door? Just want to have a nice well appointed room with a decent view.
Room (suite) was a bit shabby for the price. Two double beds in a suite??
View of some beat-up buildings. Won't go back.One of the most amazing hotel service experiences I've ever had. As someone that works in the business, a staff like this is hard to find. Superb.We like this place.  It certainly is done up beautifully at Christmas time.  And there always seems to be some great music playing in either the 1st floor lobby bar or the second floor lounge.
But, every day we had some small service problems.  One day we ran out of toilet paper.  Another day we had no coffee stirrers or fresh glasses for drinks.  Another time we asked for lemons and they never came (we waited two hours).  Asked a man at the concierge desk to either have our clock radio fixed or replace it while we were at dinner, but it was not done.
The price on suites is great, but they kill you on room service and the mini bar.  $16 for a mini bottle of Grey Goose?  $34 for a pizza smaller than a medium from a large chain pizza maker.  $9.37 for a beer!
Need end tables on both sides of the beds.
Must call room service for ice (which is a pain in the you-know-what).
No fan in toilet and shower.
Sliding glass door for balcony very difficult to move.
After we made our first reservation and were on their mailing list, they alerted us to a great deal that was a better rate than what we had booked.  Plus, they gave us a $50/day credit to use anywhere in the hotel.Stayed here Spring 2010 for several nights.  Fabulous.  Beautiful old-world furnishings.  Quiet.  Suites, balconies.  I hope nobody else finds out :)Wow...just wow.  I was in New Orleans last week for a convention and chose to stay at the Windsor Court based on reviews.  it exceeded my expectations.  I was NOT disappointed.  My room..no it was a suite, was just stunning.  Although the dcor isn't what I would want in my home, it was beautiful and elegant.  The hotel was every bit as nice as the Ritz Carlton in downtown Charlotte, NC...which is the best place I've ever, ever stayed.  The employees of the Windsor demonstrate exception customer service.  They actually act like they care and treat you as their own very special guest.  There isn't enough space/time here for me to say all the wonderful things I could say about this experience.  I would absolutely recommend this hotel and their restaurant, bar and coffee shop.  All were great.  Yes, it's a little pricey but I got what I paid for.When visiting New Orleans we always stay at The Windsor Court. The reasons for this are many, but the top five are: the food, the service, the beautiful lobby, the property's impressive art collection...and the quiet. Some hotels are so noisy you have to stay above the 20th floor, which is becoming commonplace with the tremendous popularity of upscale hotel bars [think Ritz Carlton]. The reasons that I did not give the property 5-stars are two: 1] The "high speed Internet" is lousy beyond belief. It was literally slower than dial-up, particularly if you want to download TV shows and the like. I called the operator about it and she transferred me to some third party that placed me on indefinite hold. With this in mind, i recommend that you tech-savvy travelers get this resolved before pulling your hair out. I was told that there was a way to access "broadband" Internet for a $9/day charge, but could not find it anywhere. My second gripe is the lack of shower pressure, which is a big deal to me. I like an invigorating shower, what can I say? Another related issue is that the hotel offers only a walk-in shower [without tub], or tub/shower combination. Again, being picky, I like both; a tub and a shower. Okay, so Internet and shower pressure. That's it. The rest is worth every penny.I enjoyed staying here with my family as a child. I look forward to my visit there this year.This is a great place for holiday tea with your girlfriends. It has also served as a great backdrop for a professional association meetings.  I have been here several times, and I always enjoy the scones with clotted cream and lemon curd; tea sandwiches; and chocolate covered strawberries to name a few. There is a wide selection of teas, and you can always get champagne or other mixed drinks.  It is a great excuse to get dressed up and be grown up for the afternoon!  I can't wait for my next reservation. :)We arrived early and I was aware early check in may not be available. But I tried anyway & the nice front desk clerk said she'd call us as soon as a room was available. 
I scored a upgrade to a suite on 18. The room was amazing to bad we're only here for 1 day. The pool is awesome as well. 
Antonio the bellman is super helpful.A lovely lobby for waiting if one's room is not ready.
The suites are very spacious, clean, and well-maintained. The rooms are very light with tasteful decor. The drapes are heavy enough to block out most of the midday sun, which allows for a little one to take a nap after a long day.
One of the few hotel rooms with enough space to actually put away one's clothes from the suitcases! 
There was a small problem with the television and a repair man was super.  He was great with the kids even when they were underfoot to watch what he was doing.Excellent service, excellent suites, high prices.  Didn't really sleep in the bed as we were sharing the suite so slept in rollaway in stead.  Rollaway's are comfortable!.  Didn't really get to enjoy any of the other parts of the hotel as we were out walking around.I didn't realize how great this hotel was until I stayed at a comparable one down the road!  From the size of the suites to the beautiful pool, courtyard and friendly staff, we won't make the mistake of staying anywhere else in the future.This is my favorite hotel in the entire US. Just outside the Quarter. So it quite and laid back classic comfortWe stayed for 5 days to Celebrate my daughters 30th birthday and couldn't have asked for a better location. Don't stay here if you're looking for cheap digs, stay here to be spoiled in an ideal location. We could walk yo the French Quarter, Harrahs and the water. 
We stayed in a premium suite with a connecting room across the hall at the end. We closed the double doors from the main hallway and had a double suite with tons of privacy., Well worth the cost . 
The lounge on the second floor was heavenly to come home to for a nightcap. 
The concierges were very helpful and knew which tour companies to use. We enjoyed the very clean pool to cool off in that wasn't very crowded. Treat yourself and stay here.There's endless attributes to this gem! Beautiful everything,  the most courteous and helpful staff I've deal with and just a great location! Great food.....just amazing!!!!!Just stayed in this hotel for 4 nights and I really enjoyed my stay.  Our room was a suite and it was spacious even for a suite.  The staff - from the doorman to housekeeping to the room service was excellent!  Very friendly, very accommodating - just want to make sure we were having a good stay!  Room service was excellent though we only ordered breakfast.  It is about a 10 minute walk to the French Quarter, but it is an easy walk and with lots of shops and restaurants along the way.  I would definitely stay there again!A total class act. Get ready for gracious bellhops that sweep your luggage into your room and doormen that wisk the entrance open. It feels like a palace in the lobby, decorated with rich carpets, lamps, and plush furniture. The rooms are rediculously clean. To sleep here is to have one of the best rests in your life. The fairy-tale like courtyards filled with trees are a great place to sit with a date. My parents, who introduced me to this hotel, have impeccable taste :)Our parents recommended we stay here, as they had previously stayed there and told us it was the best in town.  As the types that settle for nothing but the best, we followed their advice.  Firstly let me mention the good: they have an amazing tea at 11:00AM and 2:00PM every day.  We attended the 11:00AM on Saturday, the Mad Hatters theme, and loved it.  It was so fun to wear my hat and sip some of the best tea I ever tried.  The service was outstanding.  The concierge desk is also outstanding, and so is the Spa staff (although they only had one price list and we could not take it with us to make our selection of service and ended up not booking any).  The lobby is beautiful and grand, the location is fantastic, right across from the Cassino and from the best restaurant in New Orleans - Restaurant August.  There is a salt water pool and several bars.  We loved that we arrived early yet were able to check in immediately upon arrival.  There is also free wifi...
...but the wifi rarely worked.
Now for the disappointment.  Since it was our first time at the hotel we did not know to request any specific room, and our travel agent did the booking, so we were unaware of what type of room we were getting.  As a couple we expected to have one king bed, after all we don't sleep in separate beds, but we were placed in an average, ordinary room with two queen beds - a waste.  The bathroom had a tub/shower combo with a curtain and a stopper that would not stay open, so we needed to keep a towel there to make sure the water drained during our showers.  I loved the antique furniture, but the chairs were not exactly antique - just dirty.  The view was to the city, and later we came to understand the best views are to the river (we did not even know that was a possibility).  The hotel was not full, or at least certainly did not seem to be, yet, despite it being our first time there, we were not offered any upgrades - which we have found to be customary at top notch places on our first visit.  Maybe we are now spoiled, but when you compare Windsor Court with places like The Langham in Chicago there is certainly no comparison.  The check in reception desk when we arrived was also not very friendly.  But on check out they were. Different staff, different treatment.  Most of the staff was friendly though.  
Overall it is very good and from what we understand the best in New Orleans, but we did not feel as though they wanted to make us feel all that welcomed or wanted to lure us for more.  It was a bad business decision not to upgrade our room and to give us a room that reminded me a bit of a Best Western. As much as I would like to stay there again for the location I am not sure I would because I did not feel appreciated as a customer, especially overhearing how many people they upgraded on checkin.The Windsor Court has quintessential southern charm.  The rooms are spacious, the staff are attentive, and the location is divine.  
But it's really time for an upgrade.  The TV in the bedroom was from the early 90s, and rose from the foot of the bed with the push of a button.
The mini-bar was really a kitchen in our suite... and again, hadn't been upgraded since the 90s.From the outside it's not much really. Do yourself a favor and get that high tea service at Le Salon, have a cocktail before heading out at the Polo club. if you want to really take advantage of an open bar, then upgrade to a club level. In the mornings they will serve berries, smoked salmon with accompanying condiments, cereal and drinks. There is also an afternoon round of light fare and again open bar, followed by another seating after dinner with, you guessed it, more drinks and desserts. There are 5 separate areas where you can sit, including 2 outdoor terraces with great views, and 1 area great for watching TV.This is BY FAR the best hotel with a boutique and personal feel -- unlike other 5 star chains, their attention to details is simply superb, and they offer so much more than expected!We stayed at the Windsor Court Hotel in New Orleans for five nights in late June. From the airport we took a $33 cab ride (fixed rate) to the hotel. Construction going on which caused a delay leading to the hotel but once you turned the corner the hotel entrance is just beautiful. Entrance was nicely landscaped, fountain in the middle, a small oasis. We entered the lobby and there was a huge bouquet of fresh long stemmed roses and the lobby area is really nice.
Check-In: Staff was professional and courteous. Fast and easy check-in and we were given a card for two drinks at the bar which we enjoyed.
Housekeeping: What I liked is at check-in they asked for a time frame we would like housekeeping each day. We prefer morning and our room was always clean by the time we returned. I think housekeeping did an excellent job for us during the day and for nightly turn down service.
Room: Full suite, bedroom separated by French doors, large dining table by the window, living room area, separate bar area, two tv's on the top floor. Bathroom has a separate vanity area which was nice.
Club service: This was great. You need to use your room key to get to the club level. From morning to late evening refreshments were provided. We never made it to afternoon tea or saw what was available for lunch but we did have plenty of fresh fruit/berries each morning and oatmeal. Also bottled and sparkling water is available at all times in addition to the liquor and appetizers around 5pm. We also took advantage of the coffee, hot tea and espresso drinks.
Location: Close enough if you want to go to the French Quarter but far enough away which suited us just fine. Hotel is located off of a quiet street and close to the street car which we took to City Park.
Hotel restaurant and bars: We visited the lobby bar, Polo Lounge and The Grill Room. All staff we encountered were pleasant, food and drink very good.
Least favorite part of the hotel was the pool. We spent a few hours on Sunday afternoon. There appeared to be one staff member working a bar but the place was a mess. There were remnants of lunches and snacks eaten earlier in the day, dirty napkins, plates, empty drink glasses, condiments not cleaned up. Lounge chairs with used towels (no one was coming back) not taken care of, general lack of service. For such a beautiful hotel it would seem this would be a priority. Several guests had been drinking quite a bit and decided to get a personal portable sound system and crank up the music. Classy? Not quite, especially when you are there to relax and the music choice was pretty awful. Right after the one staff member left for the day several people came to the pool (no guest key required) with towels (bath towels from home, not from the hotel) and backpacks. They were in street clothes and took over an area in the pool at the ladder. Also no one came around to offer food or drinks during our stay at the pool.First time. Don't know why I waited so long. Ah...price but if willing to splurge it is definitely at top of hotels in NOLA. Will definitely go back.Fantastic room! Every staff member I encountered was genuinely pleasant and helpful. I was there on dec 22 for a football game, and the place was full of Holiday spirit with the giant tree and other decorations. The gym and pool were also top shelf.LOVED our stay at the Windsor Court! We decided on a last-minute birthday trip for my, GULP--30th birthday, in September, and got a great deal on a room that involved a bump up to a junior suite. I cannot even *tell* you how wonderful this was with two small children. Having the extra sitting room with a sofa and extra tv was so great--and the only downside has been that it actually spoiled us from wanting to have the smaller hotel rooms again. Ha. The staff was incredibly friendly, the room-service we ordered (chicken tenders/fries for the kids and burgers for us) was tasty and fast, and the concierge was super-helpful when we asked advice on where to dine for last-minute brunch on my bday. The rooms are clean, tastefully decorated, and "classy," so to speak. The place has a boutique, southern-feel with an upscale vibe. Love it. Overall, this made a great getaway even better and made us want to return ASAP!When we arrived back in new orleans from our cruise my daughter didnt want to sit in the airport for hours until our 7pm flight. I called over to the hotel and asked if itll be okay if we left our luggage there to site see and they obliged. Cheryl (I think that was her name) and Ross were very kind. Thank you again Windsor for a lovely stay.5 Star Service, Class and Elegance. Our Suite Experience.
Stayed here in July in a Premium Suite and it quickly became one of my all time favorite hotels. I love the charm of this hotel. It makes you believe it's 100 years old, yet it's only 30 years of age. 
This hotel is for:
- People who LOVE the small details and luxuries of high end hotels
- Couples, adult families, quiet seekers, retirees (We are 31 & 36)
Check-in: There was a formal afternoon tea happening in the lounge near check in which was great for people watching. Check in was fast, bags brought up to the room, bell boy gave us the tour. 
ROOMS: We stayed in the Premium Suite which is 800 sq ft and just trust me on this ONE thing... It looks MUCH MUCH MUCH better in person than the photos. I love old style charm, but I have to admit, looking online I was like "ummm...it looks a little...dated!" Not at all! In person it really is 10/10. 
The room is SO big, french doors, side bar area (very classy) hardwood floors, crown moldings, very posh! 
The powder room and huge closet was a big bonus! Lots of mirrors and great lighting for makeup. 
Balcony for fresh air.
WIFI: Worked the entire time. Fast!
FOOD and RESTAURANTS: We visited the polo lounge for drinks and snacks 2 times during our stay. Champagne and the pizza to be exact! The pizza is more of a meal than a snack and very fast/good. Live piano player was a nice touch. 
We had dinner at the Grill Room. Top notch service and food. Good portions. Expensive, but on par with any other high end hotel. 
We did a room service breakfast 1 morning and it was perfect! They set up the dining table we had in the room. 
Elevators: FAST! The doors open so fast when they reach the floor, which is a huge thing for my husband
Location: 
Walking distance from everything you want to do. 
We are non-smokers so we took the 1 minute walk across the street to Harrahs (non smoking casino) and in the day we were able to walk right into the french quarter. Near absolutely everything. 
LUXURY MENTIONS: It was my birthday and our first night we came back to the room after turndown where they had put fresh ice, put on jazz music, drawn the shades, dimmed the lights, put homemade pecan pralines on our pillows, chocolate covered strawberries and a a birthday card. Very classy! 
The turndown service here is TOP NOTCH! 
Even the key card holder is a faux leather pocket ;) 
Summary:
One of the best city hotels we have stayed in. 
We have booked another 10 day stay coming back next July and simply cannot wait! 
If you are thinking of booking here.... DO IT!The decor of this hotel is a bit antiquated, but it still retains that classy or ritzy feel and is still a nice place to rest your head. The faucet in the first room I had here produced a screeching noise whenever I turned on the water which was a bit annoying but tolerable. My second room for the next few following days didn't have any problems. All rooms have a small balcony which is quite nice and both rooms I stayed in had beautiful views of the rising morning sun over the Mississippi River and the bridge to the Greater New Orleans area. The TVs in these rooms are not flat screen, in fact, they are actually pretty old. Then again I wasn't expecting Vegas-like amenities with an HDTV embedded in the wall and staring back at me while I'm sitting on the pot. 
A huge plus for the elevators being really quick. There is supposed to be free WiFi here but I was unable to successfully make use of it with an iPod touch. 
Service here is top notch and the staff are a little more approachable and friendlier than that of the Loews Hotel.Best hotel in NOLA.. Concierge level cooked to order omelets and open bar for mimosas is to die for..   My next stay will be here again.  --  Long time workers so they are loyal and love their jobs.. and it shows.  Thanks. Dionne for all being such a great helper when I've stayed here.I stayed at the Windsor Court as part of a conference for work.  My team was actually putting on the conference, so we had to work directly with staff.  They were great to work with, very helpful and accommodating.  
The rooms were incredible, and the beds were so comfortable!  I slept so well every night.  They leave pralines on your bedside table when they clean your room!  I stayed in a suite that was very spacious.  They even have Charmin toilet paper in their bathrooms!  That's the sign of a top notch hotel!
We didn't get a chance to sit out by the pool, but I got to watch others swim from the registration desk.  And the workout room looked nice as well - I didn't have time to make use of it!
The meeting spaces were large and comfortable.  It was a little frustrating that we had to move between floors for different parts of the conference, rather than having it all on one floor.  But that is my only complaint!I think we died and went to heaven!! No lie..what a beautiful suite - it is huge, just newly renovated. Bill clinton stayed here and checked out the day before.  I wish we had not wasted our time staying at the ritz for our many previous stays as we visit no at least twice a year for a week or so each visit.. Going downstairs to eat and will rate the restaurant at that time. Also we were able to check in at 12 noon - no waiting around for hours for your suite.  The best new Orleans has to offer, by far. Oh and did I tell you about the unbelievable service and amenities??I have tried several times to cancel a reservation at the Windsor Court Hotel that I made for October 2018.  I continued to be put on hold for several minutes, and then asked to leave a detailed message and someone will return my call. I'm still waiting to have my call returned.I ended up checking in at 2 a.m.  For a minute, I was worried that they might have given my room away, since I was technically supposed to check in the evening before, thankfully they had not.  The very friendly staff at the front desk promptly checked me in and answered all my questions.  I was contemplating some dinner since I hadn't eaten since my connection in L.A. several hours before.  Happily, they reported that they have 24 hour room service, with several options for HOT entrees.  Hooray!  I have not been so lucky with other hotel late arrivals.  Anyway, I made my way upstairs and opened the door to my room - WOW!
This suite is larger than my apartment!  Did they make a mistake?  Well, I'm not going to worry about that.  I ran around from room to room like a kid in a candy store, surprised at every turn to find something new and exciting.  Let's start at the beginning.  
Off to the left of the foyer (yes, there is a foyer, complete with a table, lamp and mirror), there is a tiny kitchenette.  The refrigerator (which is normal size, not the small hotel size) holds the minibar.  There is also a small stove, but for the life of me I can't imagine cooking in there.  Going past the foyer, you are in the large living room.  There are a couple of couches and a coffee table.  One corner of the room has a desk, another corner of the room has a table and chairs.  From the living room you can go through the beautiful French doors (yes - there are French doors in the middle of my hotel room), to the bedroom.  I love big fluffy beds, and my room was well equipped to make me happy.  There was also a pop up TV at the foot of the bed, you know, the kind that hides away at the push of a button.  It would have been totally cool to have it be a huge flatscreen.  No such luck, it was a relatively small tube t.v., but still a cool touch.  The next 3 rooms (yep, still 3 to go) are what I call the bathroom suite.  Right off the bedroom is the vanity, with huge mirrors and the light bulbs that run the length of mirrors, the kind I would imagine movie stars use to get ready.  Then there is the room that holds just the sink, and the final room with the toilette and shower.  The shower is excellent!  A big pet peeve of mine is bad water pressure.   No problems with that here, the water pressure is adjustable, and even at the lowest setting its feels great.  Also, the shower head is at least a foot above my head, which is unusual since I'm rather tall.  The towels aren't the softest, but they are pristine, and I'll take a perfectly clean towel over a slightly dingy soft towel any day.  [When I get home I'll post pictures of it all :)]
The whole hotel is done in the French colonial style, which is not quite my to my taste, but it's still very well done.  You should also know that at some point during the evening, they do turn down service.  (I didn't realize that and left a lot of items out in the open that I otherwise would not have.  Nothing was missing, but still I would have like to have known.)  Finally the gift shop in the hotel lobby is only open from 10-5, so I can't visit it since I'm at work during those times. 
I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are staying in New Orleans' French Quarter.  Enjoy!Elegant, Very Courteous Staff, Very comfortable accommodations...The accolades could go on for quite sometime..:) This wonderful first class Hotel located off the Mississippi River just south of the French Quarter is in one word "enjoyable". We participated on a Float last night for Mardi Gras. Insane exhaustive fun. Came back to our room after midnight...slept like babies in our plush beds. Nothing quite like waking up feeling like we just became "celebrities" even for a short while. Thanks for reading. AvramTraditional luxury hotel with impeccable everything. The service, rooms, food, bar, location are all five star.  And the club-level accommodations and perks are even better.  Take your wife here for an anniversary trip and book a club level room facing the river.I would advise everyone not to stay here. I booked a room through Expedia and canceled the same day. Expedia was willing to provide me a full refund if the hotel was willing to provide me with a full refund. 
Windsor refused or credit my stay because I booked through Expedia and tried to have me book directly through them the next time. 
I cannot recommend anyone stay at a hotel that does not provide adequate customer service. 
If you are looking to stay in New Orleans I would strongly suggest you stay elsewhere.Beautiful hotel with both charm, and modern conveniences. Upon arrival, valet greeted us warmly and assisted us to the front desk, where we were told we got upgrade to a suite with a balcony! Very comfortable bed with great sheets, soft towels, and comfy robes + slippers.  Having gone during December, the entire hotel was beautifully decorated in gold magnolia garland. The dimly lit bar had a great live music scene, perfect for a nightcap. 
Overall: extremely clean, newly renovated, extra points for having a pool w/ pool bar (although we didn't get a chance to use it). Great staff and even better location! Within walking distance to the French Quarter.Great hotel, great service, very clean and nice.  They upgraded our family to a suite to make us more comfortable. I would recommend to anyone staying in Nola.The best hotel to stay at in New Orleans! It is a beautiful hotel. Our suite was soo roomy! Came here for my birthday and they delivered to our room chocolate covered strawberries! If that isn't great customer service, I don't know what is!Terrible customer service and management. Spent 4 hours on the phone to get credited on a booking made the same day. The issue is still unresolved.This is a conflicted review. Overall my impression after four days here is very favorable. However, dinner in the Grill room last evening was so bad it became a point of humor at our table. The waiter obviously needs hearing aids. I ordered a vodka martini with a twist of lemon. It arrived with olives. After bringing that to his attention he brought two slices of lemon on a napkin. My main course was sauted foie gras. It came soaked in fruit juice and diced fruit. Soggy and unappetizing it was inedible. What happened to the crisp sauted foie gras of southwest France? Sigh......
Oh well, the wine was very good.The hotel is lovely! Lobby and rooms are fresh and decorated beautifully. Fresh flowers, super clean.  Lounge is functional but hardly luxurious compared to Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton. You can hear Jazz music AND the TV from much of the lounge. Breakfast buffet is similar to a nice Delta Sky Club--not even close to the quality and variety at the RC. The food  items are kept in a cramped little area. No self serve champagne. The parlor area is comfy but only if you want to listen to the loud TV.  Forget about a quiet morning with the papers. They lock up tight at 9:30 pm.  No stopping in for a coke or espresso and a cookie  or Jordan almonds 24/7 like at RC. 
Service everywhere is excellent. Lovely city and river views from the higher floors. 
I do not care for their policy of charging your CC for your entire stay PLUS a $200 per fay incidentals fee on checkin. Even though they refund unused portions of the fee, why do they need to charge up front? 
Aside from that, if the club lounge had nicer breakfast offerings and some peace and quiet I would have rated WC 5 stars.Stayed here twice. Will be back for sure! Has a lovely, classy, elegant feel. Southern charm and hospitality!I love this hotel!! From the rooms to the pool to the SPA! I love going there and sitting in the relaxation area, can't wait until the new spa is open! Anyone looking for a place to stay it's the WINDSOR!This is a beautiful hotel! The rooms are very nice and spacious by any standard. The service is great. The common areas are lovely. The gym gets the job done.Stayed here in February for a conference.  Disappointed to say the least.  When arrived in room pulled back sheets to find a blood stain on the mattress cover.  The thing is, it was very visible to me once I pulled back the comforter so I'm sure housekeeping saw it.  Further disappointed that when the manager came to the room he just had the housekeeper change the sheets as if I still wanted to sleep on a mattress where someone had bled.  I had to go to the front desk and speak to manager who finally changed my room.  But still there was no offer to compensate me in any way for the inconvenience of having to see a blood stained sheet or having to move.  I finally was told by someone at the front desk to write a letter to the manager, which presumably was received as one night was removed from bill.  But no call, no apologies.  On top of this, my Burberry scarf and iPod was stolen out of my room.  I reported the scarf and of course it was never found and no one followed up with me despite me calling security several times.  I didn't realize after returning home - with the flu- that the iPod was missing.  Overall I don't know how this place has received so many great reviews.  The room wasn't clean and there were damaged walls/doors.  I certainly would never stay here again.This is a review base on a person that does spend more than $140. The lobby place was really nice and the check in area was beautiful. It seem like they put a lot of work to make everyone feel like you're in a high end hotel for the price. The fitness center was top notch. 
When I check in they only had a king bed even though we book for 2 queen size beds. We try to cancel booking with HT but before we did they just had a cancellation for 2 bedrooms which we ask for. Funny that it just happen at that time. This tells us they had rooms available.
The pool was really small and was more for kids than adults to swim in. Everything change when you walk into the room. I understand the hotel had a 1800s theme but most of the furniture was old and really needed to be remodel. I read that it hasn't change since it open in the 80s. The room size was really big which was most likely what you are paying for if you need the extra space.
This will be the only time I would pay that much for a room which was about $300 a night on a Saturday.Grill Room $19.84 Lunch Special, not A deal, a steal!!!! Incredible food, service, ambiance- GO!!!The Windsor Court is a nice hotel that isn't aging all that gracefully.  Given the price there are plenty of other options in the area with my favorite being the Ritz Carlton.
PROS:
- An all-suite hotel, the rooms are huge with a small sitting area/living room adjacent to a bedroom.
- The hotel has a bit of elegance with great artwork and decor, especially the lobby area.
- The service is very good.  Everyone here seems willing to please you.  The maids are dressed in old-timey black and white dresses.
- Turn down service includes bedside pralines on some nights or chocolates on other nights.
- The hotel is conveniently located within walking distance to the French Quarter, the Mississippi River, shopping, and the main business district.
THE BAD:
- Some people seem to like the fact that the TV is turned on to the house channel whenever you enter the room.  I don't think it's cute or homey.  It's horribly annoying to hear the same song and see the same insipid video any time you enter your room.
- There is seriously not enough light in the rooms.  There's not even a lamp at the desk making it difficult to work.  It's not bad during the day when the sun is out, but how much time are you actually spending in your room during the day?
- The hotel needs a serious technology upgrade/remodel.  The WiFi is horribly slow and there aren't enough outlets in the rooms, or any accessible outlets next to the bed.
THE UGLY: 
- They provide bottled water in the rooms and in the lobby, but that's probably because half the time the water coming out of the taps smells like sewage.  Make sure you stock up on the bottled water.This is a review of a special event in the Penthouse Ballroom.
What can I say? Windsor Court seriously knows what they are doing when they host a special event. I recently attended the Southern Rep Gala here and I was blown away by everything. When I first walked in, there was a main room where everyone could mingle while drinking their drinks and enjoying the yummy appetizers that were being passed around by the professional staff. I think my favorite part of this first area was the patio and the balcony. It was a lovely evening, and you had a great view of the river and the bridge. There was plenty of seating on the patio area so that you could sit and talk and enjoy the sunset. It really felt as if I was at someone's home.
After cocktail hour, we were lead into the main ballroom. At our assigned table we were served an amazing salad that seemed to have a house made dressing. For our entree' we enjoyed a filet that was cooked to perfection, served with asparagus and mashed potatoes. This steak was so perfectly cooked that I was able to cut it with a butter knife. Everyone at our table raved about how fantastic it was. Dessert was a delicious slice of cheesecake that came with a side of strawberries. The entire meal was out of this world and easily one of the best I have had this year.
The entire evening came off without a hitch. We were able to watch the scheduled performances as we ate and everything began and ended exactly when it was supposed to. Everything flowed beautifully.
If it is within your means, I highly suggest the Windsor Court Ballroom for any event. Whatever it costs, it is worth it for the memory you and your guests will enjoy for days after the event has ended.We have just returned from two exceptional nights at this hotel. 
We booked two double rooms but at check in were upgraded to two suites. The suites are very spacious with a large bedroom, bathroom, powder room, lounge, dining table and bar area. We were on the 5th floor which was a bit noisy at night but it was a holiday weekend with a big football match on.
The foyer has a beautiful Christmas display and each time we walked past there was live music - either harp or piano. 
We didn't dine at the restaurant because it had a very limited menu with no vegetarian options but it looked nice, as did the bar. 
The lifts are incredibly fast which you appreciate with 23 floors! 
The valet parking is $45/day which was OK. 
The location is perfect....close to the French Quarter but far enough away to be clean, quiet and a break from the action! As a tourist, we found everything to be in walking distance from the hotel. 
The only disappointing aspect was that I asked the concierge if we could get a babysitter for that night.....She said she would see what she could do but never got back to me. The next day I again asked if they could help arrange a babysitter, I had to follow up and again they couldn't come up with a solution for us. In previous hotels, they have used trusted housekeeping staff, which perhaps they don't do here. 
Overall though, this hotel is outstanding!Really enjoyed our family trip.  The hotel was beautiful and the service was excellent. I did feel the massages were too expensive and it was $50 if you simply wanted to use the steam room but other than that I throughly enjoyed my stay.This is an amazing old styled Hotel with all the amenities near the french quarter (walking distance) If you want A+ service then this is the place.
Many other places in New Orleans but somehow we chose this one.  This is a top notch hotel catering to the business travelers, so calm and pristine.  I loved it we had a late flight (got in at midnight) had no problem checking in in fact we got upgraded from a suit to club level suite. Yay!  So we now have a 3 room suite, beautiful overlooking the river.  We had a beautiful room with other rooms attached the dressing rooms were large the women's quarters were beyond what I would expect.  If you complaint then you have other issues to deal with.  This hotel is amazing! 
You also get access to the club level morning and all day lounge.  My favorite morning splurge was the bagel, salmon, light cream cheese and capers.  OMG gonna die now. another attraction to the club level is 
*Coffee, tea, soft drink, and water service throughout the day 
Breakfast - Monday through Friday, 6:30 - 10:30 am, Saturday and Sunday, 6:30 - 11:00 am
Traditional English Tea - Friday through Sunday, 1:30 - 3:00 pm
Cocktails and hors d'oeuvres - Nightly, 5:00 - 9:00 pmCan't say enough about the accommodations and the staff. It will be hard to stay any place else but here when in NOLAI'm a fan of Windsor Court Hotel. We had a suite it was filled with very rich decorations the bed was a bit soft but very comfortable. The bar was open late with fresh popcorn, nuts, and dried fruit made it the perfect late night snack close to everything including Bourbon Street but not to close. The only reason I gave them a four is the parking charges in the city are high but Windsor Court was $49.82 per night before the tip to the youngsters. We were at the Hotel for 15 hours and they charge for whole 24 hours. If your not parking at Windsor 5 star all the way.Afternoon Tea-High Tea Review only-what a luxurious-beautiful-lovely experience High Tea was at this 5 star hotel for my friends and me! I am a member of a traveling  tea party and have been lucky enough to visit 40+ places around the country for High Tea and this was one of the very best. So many fine touches and attention to detail made this a perfect afternoon. The beautiful china had small pink roses in the pattern and fresh pink roses on the table were the exact shade as those on the china. The scones were my favorite-but the many tea sandwiches, delicate pastries and large tea selection were also wonderful. The service and environment (including someone playing the grand piano in the salon where the tea is served) were all 5 Star. What a treat this experience was for us!beds are very comferdable my faverite hotel in new orleans food amazingLike a one time beauty queen still clinging to her vision of what she used to look like in the same dress that she still wears today. Windsor Court needs to drop some coin and buy a new dress. 
Needs new carpet, new bathrooms, new drapes, new electronics....just about everything in the room needs a make over.
The service, however, was very good.Great place to stay.  Clean, accommodating, fancy.  The front desk is very knowledgeable.  They know all the places in the city you'll want to hit and the best times to go.  Great bar upstairs as well.  I hear that tea time in the afternoon is good but I didn't get a chance to try.Wonderful classy and large hotel in the business district, while still a few blocks walking distance from the action, French Quarter. The interior decor is opulent old fashion men's club and French chateau lifestyle. I really like that old school sophistication!! The hotel's environment has a very quiet feel. My Premium (full) suite, consisting of a foyer/bar area, large living room with plenty of tables and seating, large master bedrooms, a powder/closet area, and a good size bathroom. Everything I like and nothing I don't!! My home away from home!What's not to love about this place?
Deciding what I love more- tea at Le Salon or services at the spa- is very difficult! 
We go to tea annually for my sister's birthday. The service and food truly cannot be beat. I've checked out many other places in the city for high tea, but nothing compares to the Windsor Court. From the cocktails, to the expansive tea selection, to the warm scones and decadent desserts, you've got to experience tea here if you haven't already. 
I also visited the spa recently for the first time. My pedicure was relaxing and very long lasting. I have also done a facial here, which ranks as one of my favorite facials I've ever had. 
If you're looking for a day of pampering with the girls, spend it at the Windsor Court!Stayed here for 3 nights and had 3 premier suites that were very spacious, well-adorned, nice new furniture bgreat band beautifully appointed. We had adjoining living rooms, separated bar, large master that had its own separate vanity, sink area and toilet and bathtub shower. Plenty of space to lay out suitcases and beautiful turndown service. 
We loved the Polo Bar on the second floor who had an incredible live jazz band playing until midnight. Concierge went over and beyond to take care of all our needs. Most places and restaurantswalking distance to almost everything. They have also have a town car that wlll
take you within a 3 mile radius
NmtmmmmkBEWARE: Females traveling alone! This hotel thinks nothing of giving away your room if your flight is late - even after telling them you are coming in late several times!!!! They will put you up in a sub-standard hotel or any hotel with a room. They overbook and think nothing of it.
Again - beware!I was really excited to stay at the Windsor Court for a recent weekend trip to NOLA with my wife.  Unfortunately, we were both extremely disappointed.  First, no rooms were available upon check-in, even though we had arrived at the check-in time of 3PM.  No big deal for us as we would just walk around the French Quarter until a room was ready.  The front desk took our cell phone number and promised to call when a room was ready.  Three hours later, no call.  When we got back, they had assigned us a room, but left our bags sitting out next to the front desk, despite having promised to deliver them when the room was available.  When we got to the room, we were again disappointed.  The room was a nice size, but the furnishings and decor were tired and dated.  The bed was as hard as a rock and was uneven.  We inquired about another room with the front desk, but were told they were sold out that night.  After adjusting our expectations downward, we settled in to get ready for dinner out.  When my wife went to take a shower, she discovered the removable shower head only pointed straight down.  We called engineering and they improvised a fix, but it was such a hassle.  The water pressure was terrible.  Water from the bathroom faucet shot out sideways and squeeled when the cold water was turned on.  The lights in the hall near the closet didn't work so you couldn't see into the closet.  There was no garbage can in the main room (only in the bathroom).  Housekeeping didn't replace hand towels or washcloths after our first night.  When we called to request more towels, they only brought bath size towels and no hand towels or wash cloths.  At least one of the additional towels they did bring was dirty.  When we informed the front desk manager of our disappointment and a list of the problems we encountered, he responded with a terse "uh, sorry."  Are any of these things huge issues?  Not really - we're usually pretty easy going travellers.  But all of these annoyances built up into a bad experience.  Sure, the common areas are lovely and elegant, but unfortunately we weren't staying in the lobby.  The Ritz-Carlton is about the same price at the time we booked, and given a second chance, we would've stayed at the Ritz, no doubt about it.I stayed here for a couple nights. For the first night, we stayed in a suite and the second night was a regular room with two full beds. Both rooms are beautifully decorated with a classic decor. The rooms are very spacious. 
Don't forget to check out the rooftop pool on the fourth floor. There's a bar to order drinks from too. They have plenty of lounge chairs and couches. Towels and drinking water are provided.
Valet parking is a must since there is really no parking outside of the hotel. The valet guys are on it and are quick to pick up your car. Be sure to call them from your room before you head down.This is an amazing hotel. Located in downtown New Orleans, this hotel is everything we all love about the South. The lobby is breathtaking, especially during the holidays. It captures the beauty and traditions of the holiday season. The staff is well trained and very attentive to your needs. The rooms are very large with a very spacious sitting room, separate bedroom and bath along with a wet bar in the entry area of the room. Simply a wonderful experience every time I stay there.A NO for a single woman - I had made a reservation months in advance and called a couple of times the week of to confirm my reservation. My plane was delayed and I called from my stop over to say that my plane was running late but I would be there. I show up @ 7pm and THEY GAVE AWAY MY ROOM! I got upset and they proceeded to bully me  then they found me a room elsewhere for the night. The other hotel room was disgusting from years after Katrina! I didn't sleep all night. They moved me into the hotel early the next morning but I would NEVER recommend this hotel. I was having an expensive business event there and that is how I was treated. I highly discourage using this hotel as a woman traveling alone.Hands down, the best hotel in NOLA I've tried. Although the rooms do show their age a bit, they're spacious and could easily be suites in most other hotels. The hotel gym is a bit small, but has the basics. The service is among the best I've had anywhere. When I checked in, there was an error with my key card. As I turned to head back downstairs, a bellhop was coming off the elevator with a replacement key card. The clerk checking me in and had noticed the error, issued a new card, and sent it up immediately. The staff were friendly, responsive, but not intrusive. The location - between the French Quarter and the increasingly revitalized Warehouse District and close to the Convention Center - is fantastic. Will definitely use from now on for all trips to NOLAMy husband and I used to live in New Orleans and we flew back for a few nights since it had been a couple of years.  We stayed at the Windsor and could not have been more delighted with this hotel.  From the moment we entered the courtyard we were pleased with the service.  The gentleman at the front desk was very friendly and helpful and even provided my husband with some packaged cold medication when I asked if there was a pharmacy near by.  Our suite was fabulous!  Beautiful furnishings and very comfortable.  Room service was terrific each morning and delivered promptly.  The bell men were incredible and super friendly.  We stayed on the 7th floor and heard some street traffic but not enough to keep us awake.  Our room was very quiet.  My pet peeve with hotels is when you constantly hear doors slamming and loud guests in the halls.  I did not hear one door slam or any boisterous guests!  I can not imagine staying anywhere else in New Orleans.  We will be back!!We spent Christmas here and it was decorated beyond anything I have ever seen. We were graciously upgraded room wise and it was spectacular with private balconies!  Robes and the bathroom was divine.  The view of the city was something I will always treasure.Luxury hotel...
Decadent.
I thought I had arrived when I stayed at the Ritz...  this place Tops it.
Start to finish; they do a spectacular job here.
Terrific location also.Staff is very nice. Rooms are very big. Nice location. Quiet and no crime. Pool was great with a small outdoor bar.What a wonderful place to stay, it's off South Peter's Street and when you enter the court yard it has such a romantic appeal. The service is top notch, staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. The location was great with easy walking to the French quarter and the Riverwalk. We ate at a recommended restaurant called Mother's and it's the first time I had grits! It was delicious, almost savory tasting. I enjoyed the southern hospitality, was called sweetheart and honey which I thought was very nice. I would like to return because I did not have gumbo, crawfish or King cake. I did have the famous DuMonde's beignets with cafe au lait which was as good as I had heard. The Mardi Gras starts today...We had a fabulous stay at the Windsor Court.  Our room was spotless and the service was perfect the entire time.  The Windsor Court is in a great location, about a 5-7 minute walk to Bourbon Street.  I would definitely stay here again and again!Amazing stay as always from the valet parking to the great atmospheres you enter hotel. Check in was smooth and the room spacious and very comfortable. Would highly recommended and we will definitely be back soon!Superb hotel! This little gem of a hotel is truly luxury at its finest.  I stayed here for the Essence Music Festival and I was very impressed with mostly everything this hotel has to offer. The location was perfect and the room was beautiful and very much worth the money. I took off one star because I did have a small issue with housekeeping not being as attentive as they should have been (I had to call and request services several times), but overall loved this hotel and would definitely stay again!Miss Lisa thank you for an awesome time.  I forgot the young man's name who was giving us a description of the drinks, but he was AH MAZ ING  as well. 
I'll definitely be back.Awesome hotel to stay at! Room was very clean. Staff were very friendly. My wife and I stayed here for two nights. Ate at the Polo Bar and Grill on the 2nd floor the first night. The food was outstanding! My wife had the Shepard's pie and I had the short rib grilled cheese sandwich.. Very tasty and filling. Great location, close to everything in New Orleans.. Very satisfied customer. Would definitely recommend to friends and family..This is not only the Only Five Star Hotel in Nola, but the entire staff from the Valet, Front Desk, Bellmen, Manager and Security are all 5 stars! They made our wedding dream beautiful, with a last minute notice because Hurricane Ida prevented us from using our outdoor location. A Must Stay! 10/10.Had Tea today at the Windsor and it was every bit of awesomeness I expected!  First course was shrimp and grits , perfectly seasoned and only left me wanting more. I had the caramel tea... Scrumptious and aromatic.  Second course called for a crawfish and crash gratin with tea sandwiches and thee BEST lemonade this side of the Mississippi. Followed up with walnut and black current scones with a rest lemon curd(had 2). Lastly, a dessert plate of mini fruit tart, praline and macarons... Delish and highly recommended!Surprisingly I am rating this place a 3. I expected a bit more from a hotel that cost 1,400 for 3 days and for a honeymoon. We told them several times how excited we were to come here for our honeymoon and go to the restaurant across the street August. Upon arrival the clerk didn't congratulate us or offer any information on the hotel (wifi, pool, bar, anything). Expected to see something nice like an upgrade or small gift only to be welcomed by a dark room and overpriced menu for anything extra. Decided to order anyway since we traveled all day to get there at midnight and didn't want to go anywhere else. The following day we asked the staff for the nearest store to buy some champagne since they ones they offered cost and arm and leg. Tried to order their cheapest wine only to see a $90 charge after being told it was 50. Ordered breakfast in bed and split it because we wanted the experience but didn't want to pay over 100. The server brought us half the order but left the other half in the broiler?! While I ate my portion because my husband hates food getting cold - I listened to his stomach growl. By the time his portion came I was finished and he ate his overcooked portion. The room was large and bed was comfortable. Wish they upgraded us to a higher floor or left us a card or something but I guess at Windsor court they don't seem to care what special occasion you're celebrating. I told them later about my disappointment only to have some strawberries and champagne delivered later but it was a little too late after you've felt neglected. Concierge suggested we go to a cafe for lunch that was the complete opposite of what we told her we were looking for which was embarrassing when we had to leave after being seated and reviewing the menu.Beautiful hotel. Luxurious room. Delicious food. Not hospitable staff. Unfortunately memories of your honeymoon last forever - the service could have been better. If you're on business great come here. If you're celebrating something special I suggest going elsewhere.Stayed here in February for a conference.  Disappointed to say the least.  When arrived in room pulled back sheets to find a blood stain on the mattress cover.  The thing is, it was very visible to me once I pulled back the comforter so I'm sure housekeeping saw it.  Further disappointed that when the manager came to the room he just had the housekeeper change the sheets as if I still wanted to sleep on a mattress where someone had bled.  I had to go to the front desk and speak to manager who finally changed my room.  But still there was no offer to compensate me in any way for the inconvenience of having to see a blood stained sheet or having to move.  I finally was told by someone at the front desk to write a letter to the manager, which presumably was received as one night was removed from bill.  But no call, no apologies.  On top of this, my Burberry scarf and iPod was stolen out of my room.  I reported the scarf and of course it was never found and no one followed up with me despite me calling security several times.  I didn't realize after returning home - with the flu- that the iPod was missing.  Overall I don't know how this place has received so many great reviews.  The room wasn't clean and there were damaged walls/doors. I certainly would never stay here again.  
UPDATE: shortly after posting my review, Ms. Mose, one of the managers, contacted me to apologize for the poor service I received and she refunded almost the entirety of my stay.  I emailed to ask why I had not gotten a full refund and never got a response.  But overall I am pleased that the hotel attempted to correct the very negative impression I had formed from my initial visit, so I've increased the rating from 1 to 3 stars.
UPDATE #2: Ms. Mose read my updated review and credited me the remaining money.  While I still give 3 stars due to the cleanliness issue I had, I would note on customer service the hotel gets 4 stars for being responsive.  Good to know some businesses still care about their public image.  I would likely stay here again in the future and will update my review if it is improved, as I expect it will be.Such a magical hotel with an incredible staff that attends to every need that you have. The dessert and food is divine and I couldn't have chosen a better hotel to stay at for our anniversary! The staff even gave us a complimentary dessert and we couldn't have been happier! We will definitely be coming back here five stars !We stayed here only one night but found it an upscale and traditional escape from the craziness of the nearby party zone in the French Quarter, which is only a few minute walk away.  The location is super, very central, and the staff is super friendly.  The room we had was super for its grand size, very clean, and great bathrooms and view.  It's not inexpensive, however, and there are a lot of staff which means a lot of people are out looking for a tip.  They are not too pushy about it, but always there in case you need a hand with a bag or some directions.
The only downside is it felt a little my parent's hotel.  With its dark paneled lobby filled with traditional furniture and oversized oil paintings, it doesn't have a very fresh or modern DNA.  If you like your stays in a luxe setting that hardens back to hotels in a classic style, then the Windsor is a great choice, but if you prefer hip boutique hotels (Kempton or Autograph for instance) you might find this a tad stuffy.What a lovely spot!! Full disclosure, I did not stay in a guest room, so I cannot give a review of those, but what I DID experience was wonderful! A group of girlfriends form high school and I got together for the first time in YEARS to have high tea here....what an experience! We arrived in an Uber, so were obviously not guests, but we were treated with the same service and decorum as if we were. the bellmen and doormen were beyond polite and welcoming. The staff in the lobby were wonderfully sophisticated without being stuffy. The lobby was beautifully decorated for  Christmas with an ENORMOUS gorgeous tree, and a lovely 2-story gingerbread hotel to boot. When the tea room was ready, we were escorted in to a lovely setting for 4 in comfy couches and Queen Anne-style chairs around a coffee table. We had THE most lovely server (Jean Riggins...this is a shout out to YOU, and the LOVELY experience you were a huge part of!) who was SO knowledgeable about the long list of teas. She told me stories about the origins of the ones I was interested in and helped me make the perfect choice. While we waited for the tea to be brought out,w e were treated to a cocktail, all of which were delicious. I opted for a glass of white wine, but my friends went for more elaborate cocktails and none were disappointed. When the teas were brought, they were accomapnied by a selection of finger sandwiches. Again, the perfect size and all just yummy! They had one each of  truffle egg salad, cucumber, smoked salmon, smoked turkey, curry chicken salad,
& lobster salad for each of us. When we were about done, we were treated to a selection of sweets including chocolate-dipped strawberries, chocolate truffles and petit fours. As we were wrapping up, Jean stayed to chat and offered to brew me some of one of the other teas I had expressed interest in to satisfy my curiosity! What a treat! I can't wait to go back to Le Salon at The Windsor Court and enjoy this special treat again!My review reflects the caliber of the Windsor Court not as a hotel per se, but as a wedding venue. After months of extensive planning and coordination with the amazing event planning staff, we held our wedding reception at the Windsor in May. With our guest list shaking out at around 300 heads, the Chinoiserie ballroom, with a lovely outdoor terrace overlooking the Mississippi river and NOLA skyline, was more than equipped to handle such a large party.
The level of precision exhibited by the team was honestly astounding. No NOLA wedding is complete without a raucous Second Line, and at risk of sounding self-indulgent, ours was absolutely legendary thanks to the Windsor court staff. We essentially shut down Canal st and paraded 300 strong through the city's main thoroughfare with stiff Hurricanes in hand and a brigade of police escorts. The guests were then moved inside to begin a buffet-style dinner while my wife and I were ushered to the second floor restaurant for a "private dining moment" with a veritable feast of options from the reception menu laid out before us, along with our pre-requested drinks of choice (Macallan 12 for me and a dry martini for her). The guests thought the dining options were incredible, particularly the seafood display, and we 100% agree. After this brief respite from the craziness, we were escorted to the ballroom where much dancing and revelry occurred until midnight, after which many of the guests shifted to the bar for a post-game hangout. It felt like a seamless production from start to finish and both we and our guests were thrilled with the end result. 
Special shout out especially to Haley Kennel (catering sales manager), who was an absolute angel and did everything from manually exchanging my wife's shoes when we first arrived for walking-friendly sneakers to bringing us scheduled water q30 minutes during reception to ensure hydration. It is not the cheapest of venues, but you definitely get what you pay for and I cannot recommend the Windsor Court and their in-house events team enough for hosting your own wedding!This was our fist visit to the Windsor Court and stayed in a lovely suite.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  Ask for a Keurig to be delivered to your room if you want to make your own coffee in the morning.  The location is great and although you are close to all the main attractions, it still feels pretty secluded and hidden!Whatever you do, don't do a Tea at the Windsor Court! That is, unless you like being grossly overcharged for a meager selection of stale tea sandwiches - and then having an incompetent server proceed to charge you 3 times over for the experience, to the tune of almost $350 for 4 people! This situation happened this past Christmas and I am still trying to resolve in March. It's a shame because, once upon a time, Tea at the Windsor Court was a wonderful experience. But the quality has been steadily declining for years, with the food offerings becoming ever more pitiful, even as the cost has grown exponentially. The family kept going because it was a holiday tradition, but, sad to say, I am officially ending it now. What's more, the once much-vaunted Windsor Court Hotel, which used to be known for its quality and service, couldn't be bothered to return my call when I saw the incorrect charges on my credit card bill (and which I had been reassured by the hotel while still there wouldn't appear), nor did they even answer the inquiry by the credit card company. Shoddy all the way around.The Windsor Court is a beautiful old hotel located in downtown New Orleans near the French Quarter.  I've stayed here twice, both times in order to close a large business deal with friends from New York.  The Windsor Court offers old world elegance and full service luxury, much like staying at a Ritz Carlton.  I'll definitely consider staying again next time I'm in the Big Easy.After starting at many other New Orleans hotels, Windsor Court wins my vote for the best hotel in the Downtown area.  
The hotel offers top notch service.   We recently stayed for our anniversary.  We booked a regular suite; however, in recognition of our special occasion, the hotel surprised us with a corner suite, along with chocolate dipped strawberries.  The suite had two balconies, both with lovely views of the City we consider our "home away from home".
The room itself was exceptionally clean.  Housekeeping was prompt and did a very thorough job.  I appreciate that the hotel allows guests to select time parameters for housekeeping services.  The hotel itself is also well kept.  
If you happen to visit during the Holiday Season, the lobby is very tastefully decorated for the season.
If you are unfamiliar with New Orleans, I'll also point out that the location of Windsor Court is ideal.  The hotel is a block off of Canal, within walking distance to the Quarter, the Shops on Canal, The Riverwalk Collection Outlets, several downtown restaurant choices, and the Superdome.
We plan to return to Windsor Court for our quarterly visits, at least until we can call NOLA home someday!AMAZING hotel!!!!  Wow!  We all loved it. We got the suite and it fit 6 of us very comfortably. The service was impeccable; from the front desk to the valet, they were all so kind and helpful. Our view of the Mississippi was awesome on our little balcony. We'd stay here again in a heartbeat. It was like we were in our own little world; I felt like we were in a great part of the town too!  I'd stay here again a million more times. I can't say enough amazing things about this place.Super high end hotel in the heart of New Orleans. 
We were overnight guests for two nights. The hotel has sort of a hidden driveway that gives it a slightly private feel despite being in the smack center of the action. 
There's full valet service upon arrival that will carry bags from vehicle up to your room. At the front desk, the staff are able to perform miracles like return our rented tuxedos for us on Monday even though we flew out Sunday afternoon. 
We had complimentary breakfast each morning on our floor, which we thought was a nice gesture though the food itself was not particularly overwhelming. 
The lobby decor is impressive and immaculately clean. The same with our rooms. The room was ridiculously spotless. The bathroom was incredibly spacious with a full vanity room. 
We ordered room service one evening very late post Mardi Gras mayhem and we thought the food was very solid and came up quickly. 
Others utilized the spa during our stay and were very pleased. 
In addition, a family member rented out a ballroom room for a private event here and we thought it was spectacular. The room was beautiful, there was a live band, the catered food was outstanding, and there was even a nice outdoor patio area that looks out on the Mississippi River. 
Overall, we really put this hotel to the test utilizing practically every service they offer and more. They delivered with flying colors. I cannot recommend Windsor Court enough.The Windsor Court just took top spot in my favorite hotel list. There is nothing I did not like about this hotel. One of my favorite things about the hotel is how quiet it is for being in a very loud, crazy city. It oozes relaxation from the moment you pull into the drive way. 
Our room was on the 10th floor and I never heard street noise nor any noise within the halls of the hotel. The rooms make you feel like you stepped back in time but looks brand new. Everything was impeccable and clean. The bed is perfect and the pillows are some of my favorites. The bathroom was large and we had a suite with its own living room. HUGE living room. The hotel provide loofahs! LOOFAHS! Who doesn't love that? Oh! And the mirrors in the room... skinny mirrors.  They really pay attention to the smaller things. 
Also, when you set the thermostat to a certain temperature, it actually cools the room and keeps it there. You did not have to call down to the desk to have them adjust it. Its the little things that will be keeping me as life- long visitors. The bell hops also gave us water, and great food recommendations. 
We walked most everywhere within the city from the hotel. Jackson square is about 10 minutes, Bourbon Street is about 12-15 minutes. Harrahs is right across the street (if that is your kind of thing). 
It would not be an overstatement that I almost cried with we had to leave yesterday. I could have stayed there forever. The Windsor Court will be the only hotel I ever stay in when I travel to New Orleans. It should be the only option for you as well.Stayed here during Jazz Fest 2017.  The staff was nice and very helpful with anything I needed. 
Room/bed was super comfy, clean and was very spacious like a 1 bedroom apt (like in LA or NY).  
Sadly the food was just ok. I tried the seafood linguini, french toast and eggs benedict.  I was hoping it would be super delicious but each dish was missing something (flavor, freshness, better side dish..etc). 
The lounge area was beautifully decorated and most of the time they had a live band playing lounge/jazz music.  Valet is provided and the attendants is always available if you need to call a taxi.  
I would definitely stay here again bust most likely not have my dinners/lunches there due to my experience/taste buds.The suite was comfortable and elegant.  The only thing I was missing was a coffee machine. I like to drink tea or coffee I'm my room.  I missed it Mir a than I  could imagine.I had the pleasure of partaking in a high tea. Can I just say, that my experience overall was just simply amazing from start to finish. 
I had the Jardin Bleu tea as recommended by our server. It was the best tea that I've ever tasted in my life! 
The mini sandwiches were all delicious, from cucumber to curry chicken. 
The scones and lemon curd rocked my world. 
And . . . the pastries, unforgettable! 
The service was excellent to boot. I will be back.Very comfy bed, beautiful room and bath, club level lounge very good.  
Friendly staff, everything was excellent:)I have stayed at the Windsor Court before. I fell in love with it, instantly became my favorite hotel. I needed to book a hotel for a quick getaway, so my husband booked us a room at Windsor Court. I was excited, I loved it there. The staff is really nice, and very attentive, it is a close central location to everything. 
  I didn't have the best experience this time,(it can't always be perfect). But once talking with Management (Ralph). This situation was handled beyond what I expected. Ralph was helpful , and very apologetic, and offered generously to compensate us for this experience. Which meant a lot to me , it shows that the hotel really cared , and made me feel like we are valued customers. I am pretty sure the issues that we brought up , will never happen again. They are on top of it.3/21/2009       Arrived at 2pm for a Saturday wedding.  Was told that the room was not ready.  No problem, had a late lunch at Galatoire's in the Quarter.  At 4pm room still not ready.  Dozens of other guests in the same situation.  Wedding was at 7pm.  Was told by the staff that WE COULD CHANGE FOR THE WEDDING IN THE FITNESS CENTER is we needed to!   They were rude, cold and uncaring in all respects. After another hour in the bar we were finally given a room at 5:30pm.  The KICKER was the room had obviously been ready earlier (if not the day before) because the room was hot with the a/c off!  Towel's were scarce, amenities are substandard.  The tvs in the room are old, really old.
As for the tea service, once the tea service was over the tables stood uncleaned and dirty for hours.  The restaurant WAS the best in the city 20 years ago.  It barely can be called even a restaurant now...more like a cafe.  Lunch is only a COLD buffet.
I will never be back as a hotel guest and I am a local.  Please consider the Omni Royal Orleans or The Ritz Carlton, both in the heart of the French Quarter and operated by people that actually care.Had the pleasure of staying at this hotel while being displaced by hurricane Ida by my generous employer lcmchealth. This hotel was amazingly awesome and so incredibly beautiful. We were in complete awe! Our rooms were beautiful and the entire hotel was so impeccable. I can't wait to stay here once this is all over as a romantic getaway. Thank you so much for your generosity to me and my Colleagues during such a difficult time right now! From the bellman, to the front desk crew, housekeeping, concierge team, and banquet hall staff you all have exceeded my expectations. Bless you all!Love this place. Quiet, super service, super roomy suite. The bar (with food service) on the second floor is nice and not super crowded. Check in, check out is smooth. Not far away from the Riverwalk area and the French Quarter (well within walking distance). Also, I know it is not so much a hotel feature but Uber drivers are familiar with the courtyard area so drop-off and pickup are easy. The balcony off the suite is an interesting feature but overlooking the casino there was not much of a reason to open it up. My only real complaint was waiting for hot water in the shower. For being here four days with early (as in before 6:30 AM pickup calls) it might have been just a timing issue so the jury is still out on that point. Also, not that it was important to me but I thought I overheard someone looking for a complimentary breakfast service and if I heard correctly they don't have one.I spent 5 nights at the Windsor Court Hotel. This was the best hotel experience I've had in New Orleans. Location is great and the staff all seemed to be genuinely interested in providing good and friendly service. Dining experience was also very good. Price was much better than major hotels in the downtown /french Quarter area. Windsor Court is not a resort, but I will always stay there when I return to New Orleans.I was so sad when the "Ritz-Carlton's" Club Level was already sold out.  So...I took a chance & decided to stay at the "Windsor Court," & I am very happy I did.
Located in the Central Business District of New Orleans, the "Windsor Court" is a beautiful luxury hotel, with French-inspired dcor.  It is close enough to the French Quarter to enjoy all of the fun, but it is just far enough to feel worlds away from the craziness once you enter into the gated private courtyard entry of the premises.  The concierge arranged private roundtrip airport transportation, & the chauffeur was prompt at baggage claim, helpful with luggage, & very friendly as he provided a nice welcome to New Orleans.  From the moment of arrival into the gated private entrance, we were warmly welcomed by the valet, front desk, concierge, bell desk...practically everyone!  
The Club-Level suites on the top four floors of the hotel are wonderful, & well-worth it.  The suite was very comfortable with beautiful foyer, living room, bedroom, powder room/large bathroom, private balconies in both the living room & bedroom with beautiful views of the Mississippi River, & great turn-down service (loved those in-house made complimentary pralines).  
The private Club Lounge (included when you stay on the Club Level of the hotel) features complimentary breakfast, afternoon tea service, evening hors d'oeuvres, & serious cocktails --- all complimentary, & all delicious!  The food in the Club Lounge was so good, there was hardly a need to venture out, but we couldn't resist exploring the wonderful city.  The Club Lounge attendants were so kind, welcoming, & helpful, we felt like family.    
Thank you, to everyone at the "Windsor Court," for going the extra mile to help make the trip to New Orleans extra special!  Can't wait to return!Windsor Court was good with a couple of oh-no-no's. Let's start with the bad:
1. Everything is a la carte. Aka nickel and dime fest- no free coffee, no breakfast. 
2. One thing included was Wi-Fi but it was slow or you could pay $10 for fast
3. New Orleans has a siesta time from 2-5pm where most things close and you want to go to your room and sleep. However there was construction right above us.
4. If we had our Privacy sign up during the times housekeeping came by they would CALL the ROOM and wake us up or interupt us. 
5. No hot tub 
As you can see the good outweighs the bad:
1. Great location. So close to everything or you can catch the trolley with your jazzy pass
2. Coffee shop is goooodddd
3. Beds are soft like a cloud. We called our bed the cloud
4. Color scheme is adorable.
5. Elevators are fast. 
6. Pool is really big and warm on a cool night
7. Loved the double balcony on our room and the breeze
I would consider staying here again. I felt safe and cared for here.High tea here is quite the experience... the staff was very friendly, and the tiny sandwiches and tea flavors were spot on. Try strawberry and champagne tea, it's the best!