So fun! This place is great for a night out with friends, a romantic wine tasting date, or a special occasion. They have a ton of wine on the walls and a little app food menu. I love the system with the WINO card which you simply insert into the machine and select the quantity of wine that you want. 
Came here with a large group of friends and we had a blast. We got some cheese plates and all just had a great time trying wines from all over the world. A must see in NOLA.Big fan of this place. We came in on my birthday for a fun wine night, and although I was expecting more of a bar scene, we still had a lot of fun. I had no idea how it all worked but was surprised (in a good way) when we walked in. Here's how it goes: you hand over your debit or credit card and receive a WINO card. You can then go up to any of the machines that basically have tons of different wines on tap and choose, by the ounce, the type of wine you'd like. You then have the charge on your WINO card. It's fun to try different wines and explore new ones; however, definitely isn't a bar. 
They do have a great food menu if you're looking for some delicious cheese or GREAT bruschetta. It would really be perfect for a date night, not a party of 15, which we had. 
The women that worked there were super sweet and accomodating; however, definitely could not handle such a large group. "Checking out," or turning in our WINO cards and paying took quite a long time (we should have gone in waves) and they just seemed a bit flustered, understandable.
Warning: You will spend more than you think! Those $2 tastes of wine stack up and because you can't see what your total is, you just keep going back for more. It would be cool if they had some sort of app that you could check into and see all of your purchases.
I will definitely be returning and would love to take one of their classes sometime!The unfriendly staff wouldn't honor a $40 gift certificate I bought through Fetch Puppy on the day that it expired. I even asked if they would just give me credit for the price I paid for the gift certificate ($20) and they refused. On top of that, the staff were super rude about it. I left and won't be going back.My somelier friends hate this place because this machine does their job. someliers have a tendency to be snooty anyway! Having said that, it is a great place to experience alot of wine without getting too hammered. I bring all of my friends here who A.) know nothing to little of wine, B.) are very intimidated of wine selections, or C.) want to expand their palate. Its easy, fun, social, and you don't have to commit to a whole glass of wine you don't care for. My ONLY complaint is that the space is too small for such a great concept. I think they outgrew this space within a few months. However, this doesn't keep me away. Go check it out...you will love it.......unless you are a somelier!This is the best date place ever! My partner and I have been twice, and we had great experiences both times. The staff is very friendly. It's fun to sit up front and nosh on grape leaves and amazing cheeses while you sample wines. The descriptions on the bottles are accurate, and there are prices to fit every budget. One warning: it's best to pre-pay a wine card. You can always add more to it. If you use your credit card, you could wind up spending big, big bucks without knowing it! We also bought several bottles to take home, both times. If you are an out-of-towner, GO! It's truly a unique experience and a brilliant concept. We'll be going back, soon. Cheers!Great fun, great staff.  Great way to spend an evening trying different wines.  Sort of like a candy store, but lots more fun!  Definitely a must try!This place seemed like it would be a unique stop on our trip to New Orleans. We saw a sign out front indicating happy hour started at 5pm, so we figured it would be a good time to check it out.
We must have been in the place for a solid 5 minutes before we were even acknowledged by an employee. The front area was pretty filled with people seated enjoying wine, but the back area was completely empty. After we got the attention of an employee (probably because we looked lost), he quickly explained things to us and went on his way. He seemed quite disinterested in his job (probably the same guy from a previous review). 
We tasted wines for about an hour and went to check out. There was a bachelorette party trying to cash out behind us so we quickly gave our card and went on our way. It wasn't until after we left that we realized we weren't charged the happy hour rate, which I believe was 25% off. Now, was that our fault for not confirming. Maybe. But I shouldn't have to ask for a happy hour rate, especially when it's advertised on the sign outside. On our $60 tab, that was more than a couple dollars. 
Overall, we enjoyed the concept but we didn't enjoy the vibe we got from the employees. Won't be a place we recommend to others traveling to New Orleans.I wandered past this place the first day in the city and new for sure I had stop in to see what this place was all about. It took me a minute to get back here, but when I did I wasnt dissapointed. They have a ton of wines on tap so its a great situation to try new things and see what you would really like. They day i visited they had a tasting going on so i wasnt able to try anything in the back so it left me with only a few choices. I was still able to try a good amount of wine before i moved on to the next destination. The tap system can be a little confusing so I had to try a couple of times before i made it work. I also liked that you could by a wine you liked by the can or bottle to enjoy. I got a nice can of rose to go before i left so this place gets all the points with me.Can get kind of pricey. 
Showed up at 1:00 when they were suppose to open and owner said they weren't open due to arriving late. 
Owner was ok kind of abrasive for being in customer service.First time at WINO, loved it!! Great concept and easy to enjoy. Wines were great and that 15 year old Scotch was out of this world. To top it all off, Claire was amazing!! She explained everything flawlessly and took an interest in us and our story. She was the one who convinced me to try the scotch, man was she right. I would have bought a bottle. Thanks for the great time!!I discovered WINO when I was walking back to my hotel. Stumbling across this place was definitely a highlight of my weekend. The staff is courteous and knowledgable about the wine selection and the atmosphere is great for groups. Essentially WINO has a selection of wines "on tap" and cover a full range of wines from around the world.  When you check in, they provide you with a card that essentially tracks all of your pours. They also offer cheese plates but I skipped that option and simply sampled the wine. Definitely consider adding this to your list of places to try when visiting NOLA.So not a good experience at all. Went here to have some drinks before we went out for dinner for the night. We walked in and the wait staff didn't greet us at all. We had to approach them about the concept of the place. It would have been nice just to have someone say Hey welcome...have you been here before. There computer had crashed and it took them a while for them to get us our card so we could enjoy some of the wine but the did give us a free 1oz drink while we waited. Once all of these issues were sorted out, my GF tried a glass of the more expensive wine and she got about a half an ounce from the dispenser plus a fruit fly. When I took it to the counter to get it replaced, the gal behind the counter pretty much said, sorry, guess you get some protein as well. No offer to replace the glass. We paid our tab and left feeling very underwhelmed. Just a little customer service would have gone a long way.My husband knows how much I love to try new wines so we stopped by on a Sunday evening to see what WINO had to offer. So happy that we did! The wine selection was substantial and Stevie was so helpful and friendly. Also, as tourists, we welcomed and enjoyed her suggestions about other places to try in the city. Truly, this experience was one of the highlights of our trip to New Orleans.I really do like this place, it has a great selection of wine and they also have this one Moscato that will make your panties melt! What I don't like is that you're basically "out there alone" when it comes to tasting and asking questions because the counter girls never seem to know anything. It's a great place to go on a date, but I'd suggest you get there early or don't go at all on a Friday or Saturday night.If you are scared of trying new things, hate life and are never satisfied, stay away from W.I.N.O. 
 If you want to open a bottle of wine and get drunk for under $10 bucks, stay away from W.I.N.O.  
If, however, you want to try new things, better appreciate wine, have fun while simultaneously learning while you drink... then I suggest you make W.I.N.O. your go-to. 
If you ask the staff questions, they'll help you.  If you have no idea what a Malbec is or how to pronounce Sauvignon Blanc, they're happy to teach you.  If you want to impress some girl with your swirling, sniffing and slurping, they'lll leave you alone. I've learned a lot from tasting wines (they have a 120 on tap, plus Sparkling in perlage capsules) and asking staff questions; you can receive as much or as little direction as you wish.  Of course, if you're there on a busy night when the staff is flying by the edge of their seats, I wouldn't expect a full-on impromptu wine course from them.
The cheese plates are fantastic.  Generous portions for the price and quality. The cake balls are mouth-watering.  Ask about Vending Machine Wines--not like the machines that dispense the wine (those are Enomatics), but the New Orleans based winery that makes outstanding wines out of California.  I dream about those. 
As for expenses, you spend what you want.  Open a tab.  Stay away from things like Opus One unless it's an Opus One kind of night, and you'll be fine.  Obviously, the more buttons you press, the bigger your tab will be.  Wine worth sipping, tasting and appreciating isn't cheap, but W.I.N.O. offers sensibly priced tastings of good, great and fine wines.   There's a decent appetizer menu, craft beers and top shelf cocktails for the non-winos, and the best sparkling by the glass (and even 2oz!) in the city.
There's no tip line on the credit card receipt, so be sure to tell the server when you're checking out that you'd like to tip and how much you'd like to add.Lots of fun. Wish it was labeled better and more organized. Could stay here all day. Fairly well priced as long as you don't go nuts.Love it!!!! A must visit for me. Great selection of samples and bottles. Small plates as well. The staff are very knowledgeable. Please try it!This place was really cool. I liked that I could control how big or much wine I wanted to try. Staff was friendly and very helpful. The alps have beer but the selection is limited. The sweet wine selection is limited but that's to be expected.Amazing selection of wines, but considerably overpriced. 
You give the attendant your ID. She gives you a card, which you then use at different wine stations. You can choose from three different sized pours. This is where they gauge you in price, so just BEWARE. 
We got a cheese plate to pair with our wines and the manchego is nothing like a manchego, which should be nutty in flavor. This manchego was bland. But the blue cheese was amazing--probably the best we've ever had. And the brie was good too. 
All in all, the wine choices are unique and it's fun to be your own bartender, but I don't think we will be back, because it's just way overpriced for the amount of wine you get.I like W.I.N.O. I have friends that love W.I.N.O., but I like W.I.N.O. I love the idea of wine vending machines. I love that I can have a nifty debit card and choose which wines I want. I think I'll have this Riesling, and then maybe this Viognier, then maybe I'll throw a curveball to the old taste buds and hit it with a Bordeaux. The choice is mine. It's my card and I'll do what I want. And then to make this event even better, I can buy cheese and bread?! Oh what joy! And then my love fades because someone working there has to have an attitude with me over ordering food. It's not a terrible snotty attitude, it's an attitude you'd expect from a tween. Several times I have been into W.I.N.O. I have been talked out of ordering cheese and simply getting a few pieces of bread. The excuses have ranged from "We're kinda not serving food anymore" to "You want something to nibble on? I'll bring you out some free bread". OK, fine W.I.N.O, I'll just keep it at a "like" for now.A friend and I got there at 8:30 and the employee said he was about to close because they "hadn't had a customer in a while." Their closing time says 10 though... It came off very rude and unprofessional. We were so excited to try this place out too. Such a shame... I was considering bringing a friend here for her birthday, but never mind that.Where to begin?  This place is Heaven, my happy place!!  I really feel like a kid in a candy shop here, except better because it's all about WINE!!  They have a rotating selection of unique wines and even some spirits and beers.  The snacks are equally delicious!  Get the cheese plate and the desserts!  David took care of us while we were here and truly topped off why this is my favorite bar to visit in NOLA!  Thank you sir for such a lovely experience! We will be back (multiple times) for sure!My boyfriend and I walked in while wandering NOLA. We didn't stop to have a drink becasue this place doesn't have the right vibe for us, but we can see it being a great place for folks who like the vibe of this place. Based on other reviews, there are plenty of folks who find the ambience of this place to their tastes. Enjoy!Great pours from around the world! Great date spot as well. The concept is very fun & engaging. I think the pricing here gets a bad rap but is actually on par with the wine selection and the per glass price you would pay at a nice restaurant. 
The experience could have been better with more attention to detail in service but all in all this is a fabulous New Orleans establishment. 
Don't "run a tab" ... budget yourself at this joint with a prepaid card... It's otherwise too much fun and you'll leave drunk and broke. I leave a lot of places drunk and broke... but this place is definitely an enabler!!This is a pretty nifty place to go and sample many wines and then if you find one you like they will be happy to sell you a bottle or case.  They also have a decent beer and cheese selection.  I've been to a few events and birthday parties here and it is a pretty laid back place to enjoy yourself.  They have nifty Enomatic machines (AKA wine on tap) that you get a card (rechargeable with money) to use for sampling various amounts of wine in increasing volumes (that are consistent) for increasing prices (that vary by wine).  So (C = V x P/B) or the state of NOLA Crunk equals the volume of wine times price divided by your budget.BEST LUNCH SPOT IN THE CBC/WAREHOUSE DISTRICT. wine by the ounce, amazing and super cheap sandwiches and super cool atmosphere. As far as lunch goes, I don't think it gets any better.This is the place to go for Wine tasting in Nola! The only negative I can think of is the layout of the place. It's hard to maneuver between rooms when it gets crowded. Get the Goat cheese and pepper jelly app!Hitup WINO this weekend with an expiring Fetch Puppy deal.  So yay for having a limit.  Boo for having the wine vending machine feeling the Halloween vibe and fritzing out a bunch.  One of the machines finally went kaput BEFORE I could taste the Pink Floyd. Who doesn't want to taste a rose with that name?
We had 2! lovely cheese plates and then all the exhausted working people toddled off to bed with tummies & heads full of wine, cheese & baguette.  Perfect lowkey night.My wife and I love wine!  We belong to several wine clubs, have a wine Cellar and travel to Napa regularly.  Because of our love for wine, the concept of W.I.N.O excited us.  Over 120 different wines in one tasting room, seemed like a wine lovers dream come true.  This is a great concept...we were not impressed with the wines that we tried.  Most of them reminded us of wines you would fine at a reception or wedding.  Many of them tasted flat.  Granted we are very selective on what wines we drink, we rarely drink a wine that we have not aged.  For most people who open the bottle of wine the night they buy it, they will love this place.Love how you can pour and try as many different kinds of wine as you like! A different approach to wine tasting! Nice tables in the back to sit at.I think this place is brilliant and I've been gushing about it ever since I went last Saturday.
As mentioned in other reviews, you get a card (prepaid or open if you put down your credit card), and using that you can try any wine you want.  They are all priced by the ounce, and you can get 1 oz, 2 oz or a full glass.  They have everything from ~$1.50/oz to over $20/oz.  They are all encased in glass containers that keeps them at appropriate temperatures (room temp for most reds, slightly chilled for pinot noir, etc).  
The cheese boards are also excellent -- for $15 you get a selection of 3 cheeses with bread.  Their cheese selection is excellent and all three we tried were beyond delicious (try the Drunken Goat!  and the Aged Gouda!  and the Saint Andre!).  The $15 board was enough for a group of 4 of us (we'd gone to dinner before, so this isn't enough to "feed" you).
There are note pads so you can write down your thoughts and there are classes you can take to learn more (everything from consumer level classes just-for-fun, to certification programs).
The whole experience was wonderful and I cannot recommend it enough.I really enjoy WINO.  I like the do-it-yourself set up a lot.  
You go to the counter and get a wine "debit card" and use it to try the enormous selection of wines they have attached to the self-serve machines.  The prices (per ounce) are listed on each machine, and range from $1.00 to $10.00.  Many of the wines are under $2. You can choose a 1 ounce, 2 ounce, or 4 ounce taste.  Each wine has a detailed description above it and everything is organized by countries. Find a wine you like, and you can buy a bottle.
The atmosphere is very laid back, and I have never had a hard time finding a table. The staff is not particularly friendly/cheerful which is no big deal because everything is self-serve. (I assume they have to deal with a lot of tourists, so I'll let it slide.)
I look forward to going to one of their classes sometime.As a wine fanatic, I was SO SO excited to see a cool wine geek place like this in New Orleans. My experience was limited but positive.
WINO is unique in that it is primarily a wine education center but also offers small plates and a 'self service' option for wines during regular business hours. For anyone who has not been to this type of venue, it's pretty simple -- you trade your ID for a wine "debit card" at the front desk, insert debit card at desired station and you have the option of pouring yourself 1oz, 3oz or 6oz pours (at varying prices of course). At the end of your adventure you simply bring the card back to the counter and pay. Easy peasy.  
The cool thing about this is it's NOT just for wine nerds like me. The self service aspect makes it easier and less intimidating for people who are not so familiar with wine - you're offered descriptions to help guide you and can be noncommittal and try 1oz of something if you're unsure. 
My only qualm with this place was the owner's complete and utter lack of enthusiasm and positive attitude. I would agree with former posts describing him as slightly abrasive. I know you're a New Yorker dude, but c'mon, it's New Orleans - lighten up. You catch more flies with honey. I'll note however that the other employees I did interact with were more pleasant. 
Regardless, I will absolutely be back the next time I visit 'Nawlins, and hopefully it will be for a wine class!This place is the place to be for all winos!! It's a magical place with 120 wines on a tap that you serve yourself. Great service and amazing wine! 
If you love wine to any degree, you NEED to come here!Excellent "bar" acting as a great outlet with a superb program of tastings; no wonder me n her keep coming back! Well worth trying out...often...I've been hearing about the wonders of WINO for years now and it's at the point where even *I* cannot believe how long it's taken me to finally come here. Perhaps it's because I'm typically wooed by the almost Rococo allure of Tommy's Wine Bar located down the block when I'm in the CBD and I have wine on the brain (which is like, always).
So, yeah. I dig the concept hard, but after my first visit, I've come to the conclusion that unless you're looking to sample a pricey bottle of wine before buying it, I don't really see the point of paying to sample. I mean, I can take a risk on a 20 dollar bottle of Valpolicella or something. If you know you're a fan of a certain type of wine, you're probably not going to go wrong. On the other hand, I totally get that some people like the sampling aspect. Just be prepared to then realize you could have already bought a damn bottle after several tries. I'd really have to be in the mood for this to be OK. And hey, great for that person who hasn't yet tried something hella pricey. It's great to be informed about the things you can't afford.
And when seeking an evening out in a wine bar, well WINO just wouldn't be what I'm looking for. The atmosphere is practically sterile. I appreciate it for sampling and buying. For lounging and socializing, not so much. The seating is not really comfortable (backless stools at a high table). The small menu looked like it had some fantastic choices, good enough that if I felt more into the environs, I would have stayed and snacked and wined.
Finally, I think it's worth mentioning that although the gal greeting people and helping them out when they were confused was nice enough, it was really unappealing to see her chomping on food as she spoke to people. Also, these rather clueless ladies came in and she spoke to them like they were idiots when they said they like sweet wines. "Well, all wines are actually dry, they are fermented" -- so went the gyst of it. (Trust me, they didn't ask). "You must mean that you like fruity wines." So I'm going to put this out there: As horrific as it seems to you and me that someone likes sweet wine, I think someone knows what they are talking about when they say what they like. And it's really not that difficult to steer them in the right direction without launching into a pretentious explanation. I felt like I couldn't get out of there fast enough, having to suffer through this cringe-worthy exchange. I get it. Wine "Institute" but surely there has to be a less obnoxious way to enlighten people.
WINO is AOK, in my book. I wouldn't go on the regular, but if there's something I'd like to try before buying, I know where to go. Otherwise, I'll still with my friendly neighborhood wine shop/bar, Faubourg Wines.This place is pretty awesome for the novice wine connoisseur!  There are 120 different wines on tap that can be tried in varying ounces. My wife and I are new to wine so this is an excellent place to explore our tastes. The only tricky thing about this experience is they give you a WINO card in place of your debit card. This allows you to purchase samples of the wines but doesn't allow you to see how much you have spent. They also have small cheese, meat, and fruit platters. Very good concept.This was my first visit to WINO and it definitely will not be the last. You get to sample a variety of wines with the one, three, or six ounce pour. My date and I tried a variety of wines and thoroughly enjoyed all but a few. Great way to be able to taste some more expensive wines and not break the bank. We had dinner reservations elsewhere so we did not eat anything here, but many other people had meats and cheeses that looked really good. Perfect place to do some wine tasting before dinner!!Love this trendy venue where wine is self-service with a large selection. A great spot to stop in to meet friends, relax with a glass of wine and visit!  Great ambience, wine & tasty bitesAmazing place!! 
Good location and friendly staff. The pay card sampling concept is unique and flawlessly executed. Just insert your WINO card and select your pour size and sample their 150+ different wines or have a full glass. 
The decor is fitting and bathrooms are clean. IF you're a wine lover, this is the place for you, if you are just starting to try wine, this is also the place for you. Whether you've got a tight budget or money to burn, they have 1oz pours that are affordable. 
The only criticism I could really levy was the music choice. The volume was perfect, but putting on 80s-90s pop songs seemed out of place with the rest of it. Idk what they were thinking there... 
I will definitely be coming back here the next time I'm in New Orleans.Loved it there is nothing more to say give me wine , manchego  and hard French crostini. Marry me now.WOW! What a concept. Had a blast roaming around and tasting the afternoon away. I hope one of thers shops come to my hometown soon!Very relaxing atmosphere. Tasting wines here was a very unassuming experience. I had a great time. I'd definitely recommend this for happy hour or a pre-dinner glass.Really fun experience. The staff is helpful as well as the wine descriptions posted above the samples. I learned a lot about wine as well as my preferences. Great way to try out more expensive wines that you'd never buy a whole bottle.What a great find. Our first time going in. Nice wine selection and cool concept of wine tasting. The food was great. The service was great. We'll be back again.Had a great time at this place.  The concept is genius.  The service was friendly and warm.  The wine was the star of the show.   I would recommend it for date nights, private parties, etc.   The atmosphere was sophisticated but not stuffy.I love, love love this place!  I'm kinda new to wine, so this is a perfect place to get to try a bunch of wines and find out what you like.  I'm coming back to NOLA in April with friends and this place is at the top of the list to take them to!  I love how the payment system works with the cards, and how you don't feel like there is a wine snob around the corner scoffing at your choices!I really liked this place.  I thought it was awesome that you could try as little as one ounce of a wine, to see if you like it or not.  The variety of cheeses with bread, meats and fruits was also great, and they greatly complemented the wine tasting experience.  I will definitively return to WINO.  I understand that they have a half price happy hour between 5 and 7 PM, need to do that next time.
The staff needs to pay more attention to customers walking through the door, since the register counter is not near the door of the establishment.  They should work on greeting every customer as they come in.  I saw many people that had just come in trying to figure out how did the place worked while the register lady was walking others through the process.  A chime on the door may help them stay alert.This is a cute little wine bar with walls of Enomatic machines. I love Enomatic machines because you can purchase and taste wine by the ounce. It gets a little expensive but it's a ton of fun. You check in at the hostess stand and get a card to use in the machines. Your tasting card is your bar tab, so WATCH OUT because you turn in your card and pay when you leave. It's easy to spend A LOT of money if you aren't careful. I'd say the average price per ounce of the wine "on tap" would be around $3.00, but they range from $1 to $25 per ounce. This is a self-service wine bar: simply grab a glass, step up to the machines, insert your card and choose a taste of one of the many wines!  
I'm a serious wine nerd and the wine selection is nice and respectable. There's plenty of mainstream, easy drinking reds (The Prisoner, Caymus) that are sure to please even novice wine drinkers, as well as everyday whites and a few higher end labels. Selections include unusual wines from around the world (I had never tasted a Haitian wine before) and obscure varietals too. I didn't discover any truly hidden gems, but I easily blew right through my $60 on my tasting card (oops). 
The atmosphere could also be better. It's cold and boring with uncomfortable stools and high tables. This place could be unbeatable if they'd put in a more inviting lounge type seating. I also thought the ladies working on the night I visited were a little bit too aloof and acted like they were wine experts (they weren't). It's a bad policy to assume that everyone who walks through your door is a novice and I didn't appreciate being treated as such.  
I didn't order any food but there's a small menu with some semi-appealing sounding bar food items, most pairing well with wine. The menu selections make sense and are well done. You'll find bread with olive oil, hummus, toasted nuts, and cheese plates. There's also a small selection of sparkling wines by the glass as well as bottles of beer (in case your buddies don't like wine). 
One big problem -- and it's a huge one -- is that this place does not have dump buckets anywhere. That means you are stuck chugging whatever you purchased even if you don't like it. That to me is a signal that it's not a place for true wine lovers / tasters, and it tells me all I need to know about the clientele. I'm here to taste and discover new wines, not to get drunk.Website and yelp said they close at 10pm we showed up at 9:10 and it was closed. We could see the people in the back just looking at us; lame!!!My kind of place.  Wine ON TAP!!!!!!!!!!!
Just have to watch your credit card because you will spend way more than you bargained for.
I didn't have anything to eat here so can't comment on the food but I can say that the company of other WINOs was great.  
Please open a WINO in NYC!WINO! Why? No! What have you done? You have been our favorite date night, or Sunday afternoon haunt since I wrote a glowing review for you in 2012. Everytime we have company, we always take them to WINO. So, yesterday, my partner and I decided to stop by. As we began searching which delightful wines we would sample, we were horrified to see that some of the pour prices had doubled, even tripled in price! I am by no means cheap when it comes to wine, but I know for a solid fact that Elios sells one particular bottle for $22, and WINO had it yesterday for over $40! Seriously? And one that I had purchased before was now $100! Half the fun of coming here was finding a wine you love, and buying a bottle. I loved this place. Everything about it. Once, during Mardi Gras, a cadre of us spent 7 hours here, waiting for a parade, and running up a huge bill. It was reasonable and worth it. This is a direct hit towards tourists, which is such a shame when locals, like myself, loved WINO so very much. We had a few overpriced glasses, then left, saddened and shocked. To prove the drastic change was real, we went over to Elios, and there, indeed, were some of the wines we wanted to purchase from WINO for way less than HALF the price. We are broken hearted to lose this always great experience, but we can't return, on principle. This feels like a very poorly inspired scheme to bilk our beloved tourists out of their money. Shame on you for ruining the best spot in the city.We had such a fun time! It is great to be able to sample so many wine, the host created a really fun environment, and the snacks were great!Come here at 4. No one is here yet and it is perfect to rest after walking aimlessly downtown!
They have about 80 wines to sample from at various sizes of pours. I don't really think anything was worth value, but it's a great place to relax and get 1, 2, or 4 ounce pours of various drinks and regions. They store all the wines about the best possible (i.e. those vacuum pourers) and offer a manner of other snacks as well, none of which I had.
Some of the coolest patrons come into the shop at that time too. I ran into a guy who was waiting for rush hour to clear before he went home. Apparently, he had some awesome advice for absinthe bars, jazz and the like in the city. I made use of his beer one and it was really really good... if I could only remember what I did there! 
Then again, seeing my Visa bill, maybe I don't want to...WINO was a hidden gem in New Orleans! Worth venturing out of the French quarter for, WINO will not disappoint. Wines from all over the world to sample and small plates available to nosh on. Great place to hang out with friends and drink wine. Claire was so sweet and very knowledgeable. Definitely will be back when we visit NO!This place was a lot of fun, I had no idea such a thing existed. For very reasonable prices you can sample a whole bunch of wine, as little or as much as you'd like. The staff is friendly and informative and there are places to sit down and relax with your wine smorgasbord.As soon as I saw the name of this place, I knew I had to go. Once I stepped inside (pressed for time and unable to stay), I knew I had to come back. And once I came back, I knew I was going to have a really, really great time.
And oh, I did. 
We had some time to relax before a highly anticipated birthday dinner, and wanted to get a bit out of the French Quarter to do so. I was not going to let us traipse along Tchoupitoulas without heading back inside WINO (and this time, doing some actual tasting), and especially since birthday girl Jen was genuinely interested not just in drinking wine but learning about it and sampling multiple varietals and regions in the process, WINO was extra-perfect!
It's an easy process, learning....You stop by the counter at the rear of the entry room to get your card, and then you have full run of the place and their multiple enomatic cabinet systems. Insert the card, hold down the button for your pour of choice (one, two, or four ounces), remove the card, and swirl away. WINO also has a small menu of food to go with your drinks, and plenty of self-serve water with a lovely hint of cucumber. Just like a spa!
I didn't have a chance to actually count the bottles available for tasting, but my guess is at least forty or so, representing multiple varietals and regions. Plenty of other bottles are available for purchase, whether to enjoy on site or to take with you, and the store and tasting areas are well-organized with nicely informative tags (although a few of the tags referred to wines that weren't actually on tap in the system). The shop is divided into two main rooms, with plenty of seating and space to move around, and the men working the counter were both helpful and friendly.
I wish there were a shop like this in Seattle; I love the concept of being able to have many small tastes as a way to experiment and enjoy bottles that are otherwise hard to find, without having to sit at a bar to do so. (Turley Zinfandel, how I thrill to see you anywhere....) If we'd had another night, we would've been back for, um, more education!We went for a bachelorette party and had a blast!! The staff was awesome, very helpful! It was such a fun experience! They even have great snacks to increase the tasting experience.What happened??!!! We Used to LOVE WINO. We spent 7 hours during Mardi Gras and spent loads of money. Even one birthday celebration was spent there. I go in there today and they have doubled their prices on everything. I've been there enough to know. My fav bottle of Horror Show was always a few dollars more there than the grocery store but you'd expect that and I was fine with it. Not now. The $22 bottle at Rouse's is listed at a whopping $40 at WINO. I went to the fabulous Elio's Wine Warehouse afterwards to buy a few bottles after leaving WINO and noticed others that were half or less at Elio's compared to WINO.Let's get real people. You may count on ripping off the tourists but you are going to lose the locals. Of course with the bottle prices rising the pour prices have risen accordingly. Long gone are the days we will pile in there for an afternoon of wine tasting. Too expensive!Was here a week ago.
Absolutely loved it!  OMG GOOD.
Service was exceptional and very knowledgeable.
Enjoyed talking to all the staff and laughing with them.
Appetizers you ask?  Fabulous!  3 of us ordered a cheese and pâté' plate.  You pick your cheese.  We picked Spanish cheese, Brie, and a English cheddar.  The plate was HUGE.  And yummy french bread and pita chips.  We also ordered trio of dips.  Tapenade, Hummus, Bruschetta.  We were given so much we couldn't eat it all.  Not expensive!
Now the wine.  I tried tastes of 6 wines and they were all good.  My favorite was the Cabernet Sauvignon as that is the wine I love.  Love that you give them your credit card and they give you a card to charge your wine choices on.  The operation is so simple.  But others here have explained that so I won't bore you.  My friends and I all got tastes and tasted every everyone's choice.  So I really had over 20 different tastes of wine.  
I found it very inexpensive for what you got.  
Service?  5 star.
Food?  5 star.
Wine?  5 star.
Ambiance?  5 star.
We are planning a party to have here.  Can't wait.  ;)Are you intimidated by wine? Do you have commitment issues? ADD? Do you want to drink wine in an informal setting? Then W.I.N.O. is for you.
W.I.N.O offers 120 wines dispensed by Enomatic machines- just use your card (like a debit card) to serve yourself wine by the ounce, half glass, or full glass. Hungry? W.I.N.O. serves cheese, pate, salami, tapenade, and other light fare. 
With DIY-service, W.I.N.O. has an extremely casual vibe. W.I.N.O.'s front room is small and can easily seem overcrowded; the back room is far more expansive, with several tables and plenty of room to spread out. It is good for groups but is also ideal for the solo wine drinker that just wants to try a few new wines. 
W.I.N.O. is also a school, offering classes to educate its customers. If you are a novice wine drinker, W.I.N.O.'s Intro to Wine class looks pretty good- taste 4 reds and 4 whites for $35 (it seems like they offer this class fairly regularly). Some of their other classes, such as the wine and cheese pairing class, are more tempting to an experienced wine drinker like myself.
The biggest drawback to W.I.N.O. is that if you don't pay attention and taste several 1 oz pours of expensive wine, it can really add up. The good news is that W.I.N.O. does have a happy hour where some of the wines are discounted.
Personally, I prefer to order a full glass of wine at a wine bar from a bartender that is willing to discuss the wine (if  I am unfamiliar with the wine, they will usually offer me a taste). I am knowledgeable enough about wine to know what I like, and adventurous enough to try a full glass based on a recommendation. But I always enjoy myself at W.I.N.O. If I lived in the Warehouse District, I would probably pop in far more often for a 1/2 glass or two.This spot is too dope. Never been to a wine spot like this. Love how you can choose from 1, 2 and 3oz pours. Staff knew their stuff and were friendly. Plus they have cheeseIf you love wine then you owe yourself a trip to WINO. on your trip to NOLA.  I love this sort of establishment--try all the wines you want, for as little as a few bucks a pour.  They've got some light bites to go with your vino.  Step up to the counter, get a smart card and glass and start your journey around the world's vineyards!This was a really fun experience. I don't think I would come here just to drink glasses of wine, but I do think its a fun place to mingle with friends and taste some new wines.  Can get really pricey if you're not careful but I really enjoyed the ambiance.I love it - wine vending machines by the ounce.  Sure, it's expensive, but obviously you will pay a premium to sample by the ounce.  Where else will you get the chance to try for $7 a barolo that retails for $100?  $5 for a $75 bordeaux?
Naturally, I would be concerned about the wine going bad, but I didn't taste anything off in the six or seven wines we tried - this Enomatic wine system appears to be quite something, injecting nitrogen into the bottle.Got dragged back here. Its even worse than i remembered. Rancid wine. Rancid service.My husband and I discovered this place during my birthday weekend in NOLA in March.  Walking to the French Quarter I noticed the sign on the sidewalk that had WINO on it and it piqued my curiosity and then we happened to "peek" in the doorway and were greeted with the coolest wine dispensing machines we had ever seen on earth...ENOMATIC!  COOL was all I could think!  We walked in and had a ball after we got our little "credit card" to purchase the wines by the glass with.  The beauty of the whole system is you can just grab a clean glass hanging from the racks and try EVERYTHING!  No waiting, no flagging a waitress down for your next glass...just skip on over to el machino et voila!  We happened on WINO on Friday and came back again the next day it was so fun!  We just wish to death there was a place like this in California!Great concept, and well executed. You can sample 1,2 and 4 ounce pours from the over 100+ wines on tap. Want to try a wine without buying a bottle of it? This is your place!WINO is a great idea and I wish there was one in Charlotte.  My friend from Tulane showed us this hidden spot.  The machines are cool.  It can be a bit pricey, but perfect for a date.  Just load up your card or start a tab and let the oz's of wine flow.Let me just say, if I could give this place 6 stars I would! We went on a Thursday night, when they do a great happy hour from 9-12. My friend and I probably each tried at least 15 different wines and liked every single one of them. It was so easy to figure out which wines would match our palettes with the way the taps are organized. This is the perfect place for an evening out with the girls or I could even see this as a cute first date spot. Unlike a lot of other wine-centric bars and restaurants, we didn't feel stupid or judged when we asked a question. Although, the set up is so self-explanatory we rarely needed to. This is the perfect meet in the middle for those who know nothing about wine and those who know everything. The girl who checked us in and explained how the wino cards worked is also who prepared our cheese plate, which was fantastic. We stayed til closing but would've stayed all night if we could've! I will definitively be back soon and plan on bringing everyone I know!!!If you're ever in NOLA, it is a MUST that you check out W.I.N.O.
THE LOCATION:
The Warehouse District.... directly down the street from the French Quarter, Harrahs Casino and the Convention Center. Minutes from the Arts District. DO NOT try to walk to this place from the French Quarter! Try to Uber. Parking sucks and you don't need to drive tipsy! 
PARKING:
Paid parking and it sucks. Try the building across the street. Good luck getting back into the building and back to your car- if it's during the night hours. Take an Uber!
THE PLACE:
Nicely decorated with a wide variety of wines on tap. It's a bit small and hard to get around if it's a packed night. Same goes for seating. Don't limit yourself to the front area. Take a walk to the back area. Try going during a week night or early in the evening during the weekend. You might have trouble in the latter part of the night but try anyway. At the very worst, you'll have to stand in one spot and bump shoulders to get to your next pouring of wine. I was disappointed with the bathrooms. Don't get me wrong, the bathrooms are clean. The back area has boxes of excess inventory stacked near the bathrooms. It's not hard to get to the bathroom, but it's a bit of a turnoff to see all that stuff stacked around the bathroom doors. I suppose it's cool if you're from NewYork or you're used to going to places that make you feel cramped or claustrophobic.
THE STAFF:
Extremely knowledgeable and friendly. If you're confused about a wine or how things work, pull one of them to the side and explain you're new to the experience. They'll take it from there. 
HOW IT WORKS: 
There are over 120 wines on tap. You're given a card and a wine glass. You place the card in the machine and pour your desired wine. The taps have three levels: from a sip of wine to a half glass, to a full glass. Have fun! Go into the forest, get lost and find your way back home! Go explore the wonderful world of wine! I'm not sure how else to say it, but there's something there for everyone. Again, don't confine yourself to the front. Take a walk to the back and sample everything! There's also finger foods you can order as well. Don't go there expecting to order anything and leave full... unless you order numerous things to try in one sitting. I suggest you make this place your"after dinner" destination. When you're done, you pay your tab. The card keeps track of your transactions. You can also buy a bottle of the wine you enjoyed. I suggest searching on google for cheaper prices and/ or if it's available somewhere in your home town.... before you buy a bottle of anything.
OVERALL EXPERIENCE: 
Five Stars! Wonderful experience and an absolute MUST if you go to NOLA! 
I WILL BE BACK!!!I've said it before but  it needs saying again: I love W.I.N.O. 
Of course we returned here during our latest visit to NOLA. I dream about this place when I'm back home in Boston.
In my opinion, this concept is brilliant.
The "Enomatic" machines allow you to try any number of literally dozens of bottles of wine in the pour size of your choice. It's all done by the push of a button on the machine to which each wine bottle is attached.
You can sample as much or as little as you want of any of the wines.  You can stick to reds, whites, sparkling or mix it all up.
I advise filling the pink plastic payment card you'll be handed, with a set amount of money and using it as a debit to pay for each wine you decide to try.  
You can easily add more money to the card but it's a better way to stay in control of your spending.  
It is ridiculously easy to get carried away here but you'll have fun while doing so. 
If there are wines you find that you love, you can buy them right there by the bottle to take away with you.
Best of all though, is hanging out here, wandering about the place determining which wine you want to try next.  
You're not stuck sitting down in one place if you're more of a mingler which I am.  It provides a great opportunity to talk to other W.I.N.O.-ites.  It's an interactive experience really.
The atmosphere can feel like you're at a wine-tasting party at someone's cool home.
Please do sample some food from the menu too as they have great plates of appetizers that go so well with the wines.
I'm waiting for someone to bring this idea to Boston.  I'd be there all the time.Another review I can't believe I haven't done sooner.  LOVE LOVE LOVE W.I.N.O.!  I have a friend that introduced me to this great place several years ago and I have been a VIP since.  It's a great place to enjoy an excellent wine selection, catch up with friends, and enjoy some lovely snacks if you get hungry.  The olive tapenade is very good as well as the cheese and salami plate (although a bit pricey).  Like the other reviewers have pointed out it is best to not run a tab because you can easily go overboard here without realizing it.
This place is very relaxing and non pretentious.  It allows you to explore wines and even wine drinking fantasies at your own pace and price.This was my favorite spot in New Orleans! We had a great time tasting the wines and ordered cheese off the menu to go with it. We went on a Monday night and largely had the place to ourselves, so that was great. We were able to try a lot of different types of wine, and the tab was much smaller than we expected. They have a variety of different price points. Such a great concept for a wine bar!I've been to wine tasting in South Africa and it was great. Hoever at WINO an a excellent variety... Cheese Platter is amazing... love the wife, atmosphere, service, and cheese... We wished there would have been more explanation than the ones written. .. overall great... :)We had a good experience at WINO and I feel like it is all about that, the experience. It can be very pricey to taste multiple wines but it is also a great place to experiment and try wines you normally couldn't or wouldn't at a restaurant. Nonetheless, it is a fun experience using the personal credit card and getting lost in the sea of different reds, whites, and sparklings. They have a small space but it has a great ambiance which includes a small plates menu available on top of their extensive wine selections. It's definitely something worth trying.Fun place to try a nice selection of wines from all over the world.  There's a few pricey ones that are fun to splurge because you'd never buy the whole bottle. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Small plates are tasty and reasonably priced.  If I had discovered this place earlier in my trip, I would have gone multiple times.Stumbled upon this place not because I was drunk (sadly) but we were walking back to our hotel from Cochon.  Upon entering, I saw bottles on bottles on bottles of wine lining the room.  An employee, Stevie (I'm pretty sure that's her name) kindly greeted us and thoroughly explained the process of tasting the wines.  She was so very nice and friendly that I couldn't refuse to try out the wine tasting process.  For me, I love variety, and this place gave me the perfect opportunity to try out favorites (sweet wines) as well as $100+ wines that I would never, ever desire to purchase (unless it tasted like the sweat of angels).  I am no wine expert.  When it comes to alcohol, I will drink anything that will get me drunk with the least caloric intake and minimal hangover the next day.  Yes, I am still in this phase of my life and probably will be forever.  But I suppose that if I wanted to refine my taste and try to get some class some day, I would come here to discover my inner wino deep, deep, deep down inside me.  If only I didn't have to take 2 plane rides and a taxi to get here!
It was fun to walk around the shop, read the descriptions, press the buttons, and have the wines pour out like I was filling up at a soda fountain.  Five stars for the novel experience, and for leaving tipsy after only 4 pours!What a great find. We spent an afternoon there and sampled many wines that are available by the glass. They have many cruvinets and have about 80-90 wines by the glass. You get a credit card and get charged for each sample, then pay when you leave. You can also get wines to go by the bottle. Knowledgable but not stuffy. Nice cheese and charcuterie paltes as well for an additional charge. Recommended.I had been scoping this place out for a couple of weeks looking for some fun things to do with my mom while home for the Christmas holidays. So with great anticipation, we dropped by the Wine Institute to check it out. There were some really great things about this place... but there were also some not so great things that made the experience fall just a bit flat. 
Conceptually, I love this idea. What a great way to offer people the opportunity to try wine varietals from around the world - splendid! To boot, a fellow by the name of Bart was working that day - what a great job he did, very attentive. The location in the city's Warehouse district is really accessible and the building...well, it has that gorgeous exposed brick on the inside that you find all over NOLA and is one of my favorite things about the city.
So why only three stars? Well, because with such a cool concept, this place could be oh so much more. That's because in general, I believe great wine doesn't have to be expensive. Unfortunately, the Wine Institute does not demonstrate this. Instead, their sampling of 120 wines are more of what one might consider special occasion wines rather than wines one might pick to go with a weekday dinner. And with their tastings ranging from around $1.50-3.50 per wine on average, your tasting experience begins to add up quickly. I would have preferred that the Wine Institute would live up to its name by showing people that there are lots of great wines in the $10-20 range in addition to much more pricey vino. It would have also been nice to deduct our tasting charge from the bottle purchase. Oh well. Nonetheless, we had a great time all in all, and I would recommend it to others just once for the experience. Just don't go in search of your weekly allotment.My 1st time here, and I'm enjoying myself! The wine selection is amazing. The prices are reasonable. Haven't tried the cheese, but the menu has different variety's of cheese. The atmosphere is chill. Quiet on a Wednesday night. With a nice music selection. WINO has a TV but it wasn't on which is good bc the company you have will entertain each other. I wish the light where dim in the back room due to the lights on the table. Overall my experience is good. I will return!yes. YES!!!
this place is GREAT! if i had the money, i would have opened up a tasting room like this already.The WINO has a lot of things going for it such as atmosphere, unique wines, and a great staff that is easygoing and non-pretentious. One annoying hitch and an area of concern is the fact you give them
Your license to partake In the fun. In my case they did not give it back at check out, I was happy and having fun by the time we left. 
I never got it back, didn't ask and they didn't offer. How do you think that went the next day at TSA checkpoint on the way back to DC. Am I the only or first one this has happened too - I kinda don't think so. Called a week ago and they said they'd mail it back - nope - not yet. So after the TSA nightmare still driving around with no license and heading out tomorrow on business travel, with passport, and can't rent a car when I get there. Great place, but you need tighten up the process so this never happens, just sayin. Looking forward to returning - but.....Nice quaint place with great host. Very detailed and informative regarding the stock. Happy hour made everything more enjoyable  Nothing more enjoyable than wine and more delicious wine. Thank you NOLA!!!! Psst... also available delicious pineapple rum.This place is horrible. The white wines taste like water and the service is horrific. The staff consisted of two people who were completely incapable of helping and providing knowledge on the wines or food. I was also overcharged  and not compensated for the mistakes. I will most definitely not return. Don't waste your time going here.I was in town for work with about 8 coworkers so we ordered 2 cheese boards and some of the dips as well.  This worked out perfectly for us because we all got to try many different types of wines and shared the cheeses for dinner. The staff was so nice and provided remarkable customer service even though we were a big group. Definitely one of my team's new favorite places and we will be going back!Warning- I didn't drink so this is only based on the service, cheese plates and location. 
Service was excellent. The gentlemen at the cashier were very informative about how the process of wine dispensing worked out and the selection of cheese. The warm goat cheese with pepper jelly spread will probably be something I tell my grandchildren about when I'm 90 and still dreaming of this cheese plate. The location was great if you were looking for a late night outing after, with Barcadia very close by and a hop over to Fulton street. My only complaint is it's a tad small and the front of the house which seems dark and cozy doesn't match the back area, but I'd still give it a 5 because the group I was with enjoyed the selection of wine, food was great, and the service was fabulous.A must for wine lovers! It's like having the keys to a rich person's wine cellar. The Willy Wonka of wine. Excellent cheese selection and generous portions too.I had a good time with friends. The idea of sipping wine and socializing is great. The system is simple and you can choose how much money you want to spend based on what you'd like to drink. The experience was nice. I would say the seating in the back is a bit crowded and they should consider rearranging the seats so people can get through the walk way easier when getting up to get more wine. The bread and cheese was delicious! Good choice.This was great. Get a cheese tray and sample all the wine you want and pay when your done. I wish we had one where I live so u could do a couples date here. Awesome.Such a great concept! My girlfriend and I were visiting from Chicago and a friend that lived in New Orleans recommended WINO. Its a little off the beaten path from where we were staying but well worth the trip. My girlfriend and I tried a crazy amount of different wines and had some appetizers. We were pleasantly surprised to see our final bill wasn't ridiculously high either.This place is incredible! I'm not from a city so I'm sure places like this exist more in populated areas but I want one of these where I live. Now. What an easy way to try a bunch of types of wine! You get a card, you insert it into the machine, and then you pick the wine you want to try. There are 3 buttons per wine bottle and it lists the price for a 1oz pour, a 3oz and a 5oz. Just press the button, hold your wine glass under the dispenser and voila! My husband and I had so much fun sampling wine and chatting with the guy who was manning the place, about craft beer ironically. Apparently they also hold classes there which I would be super interested in checking out. If you're a wine lover, or would like to be, you must check this place out!We've been to our share of tasting rooms throughout the US - at wineries and vineyards in Oregon, Washingon, and California; in local downtown hotspots in Chicago, and neighborhood haunts in San Francisco and Oakland.  We've never been to a place like WINO but were keen to experience the concept.
It was the perfect place for our families to mix and mingle after we arrived in New Orleans for our wedding.  The selection was diverse and large for a location of its size, and allowed everyone - from eonophiles to newbies - the opportunity to experience novel flavors and varietals.  
We did make the mistake of putting down our credit card - I mean, when in NOLA, laissez les bons temps roulez! - and keeping the tab open while folks sampled this and that.  While a bit expensive, we all had a good time.  That's what counts, right? 
Yep, we'll be back the next time we're in NOLA.Great wine selection...high-end and low-end. Kinda cramped if there are a lot of people but really a great set up. The way they serve is efficient. Highly recommend cheese plate!great place to try things that you might not if it wasn't available by the ounce. 120 wines on tap! It's amazing.I really like the concept of this place; tasting different wines and pairing it with your choice of cheeses and fruits. I would highly recommend the drunken goat cheese.
Although the wine & cheese are great, the SERVICE was HORRIBLE both times I went. The first time, I told the lady it was ur first time and I was still not given an explanation of how it worked. Until I had to ASK and even then it was a vague explanation, ok whatever. That same night,  one of the servers accused my fiance' and I of taking a card (our card that were picking up off the table) and when we told her it was ours she still made a comment questioning us as if we were lying. Ever since that experience, my fiance' refuses to go.
But being the nice person I am, I decided to give it another shot. This time I was meeting up with some of my girlfriends. I got there first and told the girl I was waiting for my friends to arrive. I went to the back to look for seating but unfortunately it was full. So I went back upfront , once my friends arrived, I told them to wait for someone to leave since there were no tables. We waited upfront and the hostess had the audacity to ask us "are y'all up here just chatting?" and when I told her we were waiting for a table she asked, "Youre waiting for a table?" as if I were making that up. She was the rudest person ever and after that experience I will NEVER go back. I would rather go to Delachaise on St. Charles for my wine and cheese!!
WINO, you should have your employees brush up on their customer service skills. I get WAY better service from a fast food restaurant.O WINO, you have stolen my heart!
When you are given a blank card and told to fill your glass as many times as your heart's content from the over 120 bottles of wine on display, you truly will know bliss. And this can be a dangerous bliss when you come to pay at the end, but that's not to be concerned about because this place is awesome.
My friend and I split a cheese plate they offered here as we sampled wines from $12 - $120 per bottle and enjoyed every pure blissful minute of this.
Self serving wine bars need to be more of a thing!The bf and I stumbled across this on a recent weekend getaway and wow did I love it. We went all three days we were in town. Such a unique setup and so many different wines to try. Not a crazy scene but more relaxed, classy and different. Highly recommend stopping in and having a few glasses!So I'm OCD and like organization so thsi place is definitely on my it list. You can taste wines from different parts of the world (it's all so organized!!).  The set up is really cool  You put money on a card and then can try difference ounces of the wines.  I've had the cheese plate before which is pretty good.  Pretty quiet venue.  I want to go for one of the wine classes when they have them.  Definitely a nice place to try out.This is a great way to try several different wines. I like that you can keep up with how much your spending and choose the amount you get for each pour. I liked it so much I came back the next day.Great place ! Great wine selections ! I was here 8 years ago and things have only gotten better! Love the whole concept of this place ! Wino rocks highly recommendAlright, so my friends will probably snicker at the predictability of my liking a place called WINO (even I giggled reading about it in the guide book), but the Wine Institute of New Orleans is not just cleverly titled and abbreviated, it is also simply awesome! 
Featuring probably close to 100 wine types, each visitor has the option of tasting individually poured servings--in 3 size options with proportionally increasing cost per ounce. Upon arrival, you get a swipe card with either a prepaid amount or to use as a credit card. Aside from the option of trying everything from sparkling, whites, reds, and even a few desert wines, I was particularly impressed how the dispensing system keeps the wine sealed and fresh for each customer. Why can't I have this store in the basement of our building?! I totally want it--though would probably almost never leave then!
While we did not try the food, the back room has some standard wine-matching snack options (cheeses, meats, etc.) that looked appetizing. WINO also featured numerous seating options that felt spacious, which was particularly curious given its rather truncated design. A word to the wise: be careful: although we avoided this hiccup, tasting these yummy wines can add up! Until the bill comes, drink up, expand your horizons, and do enjoy!Enjoyable concept: wine tasting for approx $2- +$10 per OZ (which is a little under a quarter of a glass of wine in bar/restaurant). Adds up quickly, but you get to taste a range of good wines. However, the woman who was the "clerk" (vs a hostess or server)  during our visit was a real grump, which made the experience not so pleasant. Couple next to me complained about her attitude, wasn't just me. At time to pay (at counter - no table service) she asks if I'd like to add gratuity. Answer: no, but to be polite I did anyway....my bad (what a wimp). Don't bother to order the "small plates" meant to accompany the tastings are poorly done, almost like afterthought. P.S. remember to ask for your credit card when you leave -- they hold it while you are tasting, and at least in my case, neglected to return it, and I forgot to ask.This place was just plain cool! LOVE the whole idea around it - to test dozens and dozens of wines and just pay as you go. I'd highly recommend staying for a bit and ordering some of their small plates. Their crusty bread and bruschetta, and salami & cheese plates were filling and tasty. This is the perfect before-dinner place, or a great place to hang out for a drink with friends.Love,love, love this place.  Went on a fabulous Friends Getaway trip to NoLa in November 09.  Suffice it to say we had a blast.  However, WINO was a daily stop for us.  Way cool, very fun, amazing, helpful staff.  Having a chance to sample some great wines without committing to a whole bottle or even a whole glass was fabu. Loved having the appetizers too.  Loved the whole scene. 
Plans set for November NoLa redux.Very cute, unique spot for wine tasting. My mother and I went during their late night happy hour (Thursday's from 9p-12a). Great experience with self pours and a variety of wines for tasting. The staff was very kind and helpful. Charcuterie was delicious as well! Highly recommend.Wonderful place!  I've never seen this concept before and it is fantastic! Staff is very helpful and knowledgeable; just be a little judicious with your Wine Card- you can do some major damage in a short period of time if you're not careful!  The food menu is limited but a perfect match for the wine tasting.
The only suggestion I'd have to improve the place: I wish they had more of those tasting notes cards that go with some of the wine.  (I had to look up some of the wines I tried on my phone - got a little difficult as the night wore on....)
This place is a must if you're a wine lover - or even just a wine liker. Check it out - it's awesome!!!W.I.N.O.... hehe
So let me get this straight, I give you my credit card so you can give me a swipe card and a glass so I can walk around to sample 80 different wines.... Ah OK! 
Why in the world do we not have a place like this in Chicago or am I missing it. I'm kind of speechless about the place. First of all the decor has a very classy feel, I love exposed brick walls, it's super clean, wine all around, nice tables and chairs to lounge. Here is the thing that gets me, not do you get to sample wines in different ounces (at different prices of course) but they have class in wine, cheese, Foie Gras, and even a night called Bourbon & Bacon. If you like what you're drinking you can buy a bottle right there, very try before you buy. To top everything if you're hungry... cheese, charcuterie, olives, hummus, bruschetta, and chocolate plates. I know this place rocks!!! Oh and they have tea and water but whatever with that stuff. The staff is extremely knowledgeable. 
Almost forgot they also have professional classes so that you can get certified through the Wine and Spirit Education Trust (WSET), of London.This was one of my favorite stops while in N.O. during Thanksgiving week.  The ability to sample as much (or little) wine as you'd like?  SOLD!  100+ wines to choose from and you choose how much (1, 2, or 4 ounce pours with prices based on how much you choose) you want to try.  Prices were reasonable & we enjoyed brie, pate, apples & bread as well.  Could easily spend quite some time here, and the service was excellent!  Highly recommend you stop in for an hour or 5.  Cheers!As it turns out, I hadn't been to WINO in a VERY long time, possibly for almost a year. Some things haven't changed since the last time I was there - specifically, it's just as fabulous as ever. They have added some new Enomatic machines (they're in the back now, too!) One of which contained the tastiest bottle of Sauvignon Blanc I've had in recent memory. 
My new favorite thing (though I wouldn't advise you to actually do this unless you're looking to invest a substantial chunk of change in the local economy) is running a tab on my pink WINO card (as opposed to putting a set amount of money on it). When you put your "tab" card in the Enomatic machines, it says VIP rather than the dollar amount left on the card. Badass. And dangerous. I heart you, WINO.Solid five stars!  The cheese plate and charcuterie were delicious at a great price.  Service was excellent, attentive and knowledgeable. Our server was running the place on his own and did so effortlessly.  He was an LA transplant and musician who know a great deal about wine.  Everything we tried was amazing and he took care to get me a fresh champagne which is the way to my heart!  Also recommended some unusual wines that we enjoyed. Great experience in food and service, maybe our best dining experience in NOLA this trip!  Highly recommended.WINO gets the Cork Dork's recommendation for a "must do" when you're in the Crescent City. A short walk from the Convention Center, the anticipation from prior reviews quickened my pace as I planned to meet friends there to check the place out. Yep...120 wines on tap. Interesting selection of wines from around the world. I was giddy with excitement as we got our VIP cards to begin our tasting. The hardest part is where to begin.."okay, whites to reds...duh". Started off with a Cakebread Chardonnay...yum! The Shrader Cabernet was a nice surprise, but the winners for the night was a Turley Zin and a very nice and affordable French Bordeaux. Finished the even with a full glass of our favorites. A nice diversion in a city full of epicurean delights. Check it out!So much fun! As someone who knows very little about wine it was great to have an opportunity to try so many different wines. You can spend a $1 a taste or you can spend $30 for a taste. Really interesting to have such a wide variety. Great little snacks and such too while you're walking around and tasting. They also have a fantastic selection of craft beers.What a great concept! Wine on tap! But be careful, you could definitely overspend if you aren't playing too much attention. (And why would you when you have access to that many wines?!) My fiance and I came in for a thank you gift. We looked around for about 10 min, picked out what we wanted and paid. Next time, we plan on staying more than 15 min, so we can try out a bevy of wines. I wish we have a place similar to this in Chicago!I was in a bind to get some wine for a BYOB dinner later that night.  I told them I was in a hurry and within 10 minutes I was leaving with 4 excellent, reasonably priced, French and Cali wines.  At about 30 a bottle all the wines were great and exaclty how they were described.  Didn't try the wine tasting but they must have 70+ bottles on tap.  Next time.Love the concept. Love that you can drink affordable amounts of wine and order a cheese plate or a small plate of snacks while sipping wine. Don't love that there aren't more expensive wines in the assortment of wines provided. Wish that the wines were organized in a more comprehensive way (keeping all red wines together, etc). 
It's worth a visit if you are looking for something to do and want to have fun. I wouldn't at all recommend wine aficionados come here though.A friend tipped us off to this spot when we were visiting in January of 2014. It is a unique concept that I wish more places adopted. It is a simple concept that allows you to choose a sample size, swipe your card and pay when you are done. 
They have a great selection of wines to choose from, and allowing you to choose your size helps prevent you from paying for a full glass of wine that you don't necessarily enjoy. if one of these came to DC, it would be a huge hit. I'd recommend it to all of my friends visiting the area. The only reason it doesn't get a five from me is that the space is really limited, meaning that it gets fairly crowded during busy periods.Wooo Hoooo! Great place to get some GREAT wines. I got a Rhone valley wine and it was sour. The worker that day came immediately and changed the bottle and gave me a new pour. They have Opus one here which is heavely.... but not to great on my wallet. (like $20 per ounce but when the bottle is like $200 you kinda understand). This will be a place I go to often when I get back to New OrleansWino is the perfect place for a cute date night. The staff was friendly and helpful. Using the card is super easy to dispense and taste as much wine & spirits as you'd like. Only disappointment was they removed the spinach artichoke dip wasn't on the menu anymore. Otherwise the large selections of wine and self-pour functionality is amazing!The concept is fun and different enough that whenever I bring friends they end up tickled at the aspect of wine vending machines. It is very easy to overspend so watch your total. I know that some reviewers have balked at the higher end wines but where else could you have the opportunity to taste Opus One without the $50/glass price?  Do not think that you have to be a huge wine fan or even particularly knowledgeable to enjoy WINO, this is the perfect opportunity to try a small taste of something new without the commitment of a full glass. I like to try three or four single ounce pours of new ( to me) wines and then a full glass of my favorite.Lovely establishment with unique idea! 100+ wine and spirits available that you self-pour in measured amounts. You select your wine or spirit, enter the card they give you upon entry, choose the number of ounces, and voila out comes your wine! Prices really weren't bad at all and apparently they also do happy hour for 20% off! Plenty of seating and they have small bites to order as well. Friendly and knowledgeable staff rounded things out.I think this is now a mandatory spot for me on any trip here. It is such a novelty to have self serve wine and access to such a large variety of wines from all over the world. 
There is some type of childlike fun, that sort of reminds me of a video game or something where you pop the card into a machine, and can choose the size pour (1, 2 or 4 oz) taste and just drink as you go with no one getting in your way. Really a very freeing experience to taste and try whatever you want. Every wine is complete with a descripton, and available for purchase. I enjoy the thematic decor of wine regions around the world. The coolest thing, which I didn't know in the past was that you can get a printout of all the wines you tried. Great way to record the experience and use the information for future reference. I also really like that there is no pressure to buy any of the wine, even after trying as many as your heart desires. Oddly enough though, when you cash out (your tab accumulates onto the card as you go) the staff asked about adding a tip. Kind of odd to tip on self service, no? Wasn't sure about that, but otherwise all in all really fun to feel like a kid in a candy store at a wine tasting that isn't snooty or pretentious, and totally do it yourself.SET A LIMIT TO YOUR CARD BEFORE YOU START!!!
Hahaha! We had a great time here. So many great wines to try. 
We all enjoyed it (all three of us) by the end of our time here were we spent $77 on tastes. We did not scrimp though. We ended up buying a couple of bottles on top of that and we had the awesome olive tapenade and the cheese/salami plate. The apps were a good value. Huge hunks of cheese. 3 of us split and it was plenty. Bread was also great. You need an app if you are going to do as many tastes as we did.
This place would be great with a group of friends at the start of the night. I WISH we had one in Cincy but I would be so poor.  
I like that I got to keep the "w.i.n.o" card as a souviner!I've been here multiple times, because it is so close to the place we sometimes stay in New Orleans. 
I love the set up of the place. They have over 50 bottles of wine set up to where you can try different sized pours.  I've also never had a problem finding a seat or anything like that. When you come in, you get a cool little "credit card" that records your wine purchases. Be careful! The prices can rack up really quickly!
Unfortunately, I was not super impressed with their wine selection! There were not many wines that I really enjoyed. Hopefully, they rotate their selections! 
In addition, their service was not the best. I felt like the women working were annoyed with our presence and overall not very friendly.  
I really love the idea of the place, and I will be back to try other varieties.This place is dangerous. Fun, but dangerous. I didn't know you could set a limit on your card for wine tastes, but that's definitely a good idea. A couple pours and you want to taste everything. I found the staff to be a little hands-off which was ok because I just wanted to get my drink on without being bothered, however if you wanted help, you might have to ask for it. I found the tipping procedure for credit cards slightly awkward though. I mean, you're pouring your own wine and then you're asked at the register when you close out if you'd like to leave a tip and if so, how much. I prefer to write these things down on a receipt and skulk away. But anyway,  good wine selection, fun atmosphere... I'd come here a lot if I lived in NOLA.A very cool idea. We stopped in earlier today to try a few different types of wine. The staff was very knowledgable and friendly to boot!There is a place like this in Culver City, CA that is a little more intimate and well setup.  The fact that there were two rooms made it hard to find what you were looking for.  The cashier was not as well versed and helpful as I would have hoped.  We ended up buying a bottle here and then saw it at Whole Foods for $2 less...and Whole Foods is not exactly cheap.Fun, trendy, and delicious! Wino is the perfect place to find the wine of your dreams! You can purchase wine in one ounce increments so even if you thinks it's terrible, you haven't broken the bank on a whole bottle! Just get a fresh glass and try again! 
The place is divided into two rooms, so make sure to venture to the back. The back is very chill and houses the sweeter varieties. The front opens onto the street and houses a large collection of reds and whites. Sparking wines and select beers are offered at the counter. 
The cheese selection is fantastic and pairs well with the wines. The staff is friendly and helpful! 
A great place to hang with friends!Adore this place! Great for dates. They offer small plates and wine by the ounce. 
Wine service is pretty cool-- they give you a pink card that is linked to your credit card when you open a tab. You simply walk around and insert your card and select the number of ounces you would like. 
This is a great way to try lots of wines without spending a lot.This place is amazing! I love the system they have in place with the card that saves your pours on it so you can pay for them at the end of the night. It is self serve. I love the ambiance of it all.Hubs and I are in town once again for some R&R. Down the street from our hotel we stumbled across this cool ass place. 
Neither of us are really wine drinkers but how could we pass up the opportunity to try such an intriguing place. 
You walk in and there tons of bottles lined up. You hand over an I.D. & they give you a card. It's really cool, you charge as you go. You can try just a sip or a full glass.....or heck, even an entire bottle if you'd like. 
The prices range from $1.50 and up.
I think it is fabulous how you can try different ones until you find the right one
I also see they have great spreads available for purchase to snack on while you taste test. Seems to include bread, meat, cheese and grapes. Makes my mouth water. 
Too bad we discovered this place right before closing. I would have loved to had tried that as well. 
The lady there was a doll and we will definitely return for the food tray and wine again before we leave. 
I recommend anyone who is anyone to give this place a try. May just find a new found love.I absolutely love this place and could have stayed here all night lol. The entire idea is brilliant and I wish there was a location in my city. Also note the food was delicious and perfect for pairing. We had the Brie and fig.. wildly deliciousMany many selections of great wine you can think of, atmosphere is laid back, music mellow, not big but big enough.Wine? Yes, please.
Delicious wine that is housed in a super fancy, high tech yet old world Willy Wonka-esque fantasy endless vending machine? Yes yes yes.
I love me some wino.  Here is the deal: you belly up to the little service counter that is located in the center of the store and you load up a pretty little pink credit card with some loot (don't worry about having too much or too little - you can never have too much and you can always add more loot to it.  Trust me on this one.).  Then, you spin around in a wonderful boozy haze and take 1, 2, or 3 oz shots of a gazillion different varieties of whites, reds, sweet wines, dry wines, dessert wines, b'fast wines, all the wines you can imagine from all over the world.  Some wines are a little spensy, but they have many wines that are very low price, so you can have the best of both worlds!  It's like a drunk Goldilocks story except there is no family of bears coming to get you when you wake up!  Oh, wait, actually that may sort of happen, depending on how many of the less spensy wines you have...sometimes they get you in the morning...This is an amazing concept place, 120 wines available to taste at your leisure with fine finger foods and cheeses to help you explore how the wines work with food and your palate.  I LOVE it.  The staff is amazingly helpful!  Now here's my one grief: when they ring you up, they present a bill with no space for tipping!!!  What is up with that Mr or Mrs Owner???  I know you also run a retail wine shop, but I go to other retail places where there is a space for tipping, why not you?  YOUR PEPLE WORK HARD AND DESERVE TO BE TIPPED APPROPRIATELY.  FIX THIS!!
Now that I got that off my chest, come to W.I.N.O. and enjoy the wines, the food and the friendly free advice about the different wines and don't forget to tip the service, especially if you've ordered food.Loved the idea of this, what a great date night!  Went in and took advantage of the 1 oz pour, getting to try a lot of different wines.  Highly recommended are the German reislings, they were my person favorites!Being from New York, I think that it takes a lot for something to impress me. I mean, NYC has everything you could ask for, right. WRONG. It doesn't have W.I.N.O., hands down, the coolest place in the world. THE WORLD. 
I practically begged the woman behind the counter to open up one in New York.
So you walk in and you load an adorable pink credit card with a specific amount, or you can run a tab. Then off you go to insert the card, just like an ATM, into various displays, where you taste an ounce, 4 ounces, or a glass of a large variety of vino. The prices ranged from $1.50 to $20.00 an ounce, so everyone is bound to find something the like. On top of that, you can then purchase the wines if you found one you fell in love with, and you can order small bites as well, which looked delicious. And for those that don't love wine, they have lots of local and imported beer as well.
Seriously, this was the coolest thing I saw in NOLA, and would go back just to hang here again. Please, please, please open up one in the northeast!Love the setup of WINO.  While my friend (and fellow Yelper) Rachel were there, one of the owners gave us a tasting of Caprese Tarts, which they are considering adding to the regular menu - delicious!  Loved the freshness of the grape tomatoes and the basil, although the phyllo dough was somewhat soggy.  Plus, the wine selection was so diverse.  It was great to be able to taste so many wines.I really like WINO because I feel like you can drink wine and its also an activity. The activity of course is just trying a bunch of wines which is about as active as I like to get on a Saturday night. They give you a card to use and thats what activates the pours and you pay at the end. You can get a tasting pour, half glass, or even a full glass. Of course, you can get a bottle if you really ended up digging something. I really enjoy the opportunity to taste a bunch of different wines and find it a lot of fun. It's also cool to see what other people in your group think of the same wines since personal taste varies so much. The staff pretty much leaves you alone and don't really try and sell you on any of the wines, which I'm perfectly fine with. If trying different wines is your thing, I'd definitely give this place a go. Parking can be a pain, but thats a given in the WH district.Fun experience.  Its a great chance to wines that you haven't had the guts to purchase an entire bottle or glass.  Really good selection of wines from all over the world.  Good service as well.  
My only complaint would be that things were definitely marked up quite a bit.  A bottle marked at say $35 was something you could buy at the grocery store for $25 - sometimes with even more of a margin.  But, for the ambiance (lots of light, music not too loud) and the fun of the tasting, worth a visit!Beautiful place. Nicely maintained facilities and impeccable wine storage. 
Tasting available. Everything has prices listed, so there is no guessing game. 
Full bottles available for purchase.
Great place for a date night. Vegans are limited, but they do offer cheese plates, beer, and spirits here as well .We had such a great time here the staff really knows what they are talking about and you can taste everything. We tried our damnedest to do just that, there should be clocks in this place! We really just lost track of time and almost missed our dinner reservations. We will absolutely come back on our next trip.I love coming here with a group of girlfriends ready for gossip hour. They never play their music loudly so you can actually carry a conversation without screaming. There are a good number of tables but seating can be a challenge on busy weekend nights. It's a good place to start the night since it's close to other rowdier establishments like Lucy's and The District. 
It's especially nice that everyone can rack up their own tab so there's no bill to split at the end. You can do a bunch of small tastes and try their HUGE selection of wines or just commit to full pour - so it's self service which means no waiting for a bartender. 
I have found the staff to be a little bit stand-off-ish but it doesn't bother me so much that I wouldn't come back here again (but it does keep me from giving them 5 stars).If you love a wine tasting, but hate pretending that you can taste the subtle notes of oak or plum, then this is the place for you.
WINO allows anyone to coordinate their own wine tasting. Sample as much or as little of any wine that you like and you can become a WINO in your own right. 
I went with a couple of friends and friends of friends. We had a wonderful time.
For those, who think it's a little too expensive, I say, go during their happy hour. YES. They have a happy hour. Some of their wines go for half price between the hours of 5pm-7pm. I tasted a few $1 and $2 pours that were pretty good.
Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to sample any of the food, but I saw a bunch of people enjoying the meat and cheese plates.
This is a great meeting place. The set up kind of keeps people moving around to taste the different wines and, in turn, mingling with different people throughout the space.
I will definitely be back!This is one of my new go-to spots!  With 120 wines on tap and reasonable prices, this place makes for a great meet up spot.  It has an okay atmosphere but let's be honest...we all just want to drink as many wines as we can.  They also have pretty good prices on bottles of wine if you want to take some home with you.HOLY HANNAH! I could have died a happy girl after here! This is such  great concept! You go in and give then you ID and in return they give you a chip card. You then can select from 1 oz to a 'glass' of so many different wines. I love this idea because it allows you to try as many as your heart desires! They also have small bites and cheese boards in you want something to munch on. I tasted about 6 1oz pours and it ran me about $15. the prices points are from around $1.60-$10 for a 1 oz. pour depending on the wine. If you LOVE wine, this is a fun must!I love this place. I always have. I've been going here for some years now.  Best way to describe it...wine vending machines!!!!! It's like vending machines and you can select if you want a sample, half pour, or full pour. Prices are super reasonable. Hungry? They've got a small kitchen that serves cheese plates in addition to other items. Friendly staff. Spend as much or as little as you'd like. Good for dates or good for groups. Seating is first come first serve. Won't be disappointed. It's all categorized as well. Also, there's a couple of liquor bottles floating around in the machines as well . Check it out!We went there on Friday night. Great little place. There were a wide variety of wine selections. We treated it like a tasting room and sampled tons of different wines. The system is so new that the guy at the counter had to explain it to every customer, so they need more advertising about how their process works. But being able to select your own wines and pours gives you a lot of freedom. We also had a Brie which was very tasty. Overall, very enjoyable.Combines wine with the childhood joy of trying every flavor at the soft drink fountain.
It is an absolutely fantastic way to try a lot of different wines in one evening, which I think is necessary to figuring out what type of wine you like.
I found my all time favorite wine here.Not crowded and a great opportunity to taste all wines that they offer. Just a bit pricy, but still enjoy it!  Get a group of friends together and have fun!What a great way to close out my trip - sampling 2 oz pours of 7 different wines accompanied by a cheese and charcuterie platter. I LOVE this place. 
The concept is simple. You get a key card that lets you choose various size pours from hundreds of wines which are grouped by varietal or region. You just insert the card, pick the wine, pick the volume you want and press a button. I started with light crisp whites, moved to Chardonnay, migrated over to Pinot Noirs, and concluded with French Chenin Blanc dessert wine. 
My two-cheese platter and charcuterie add on was accompanied by sliced dates and apples, fresh grapes, and walnuts. The service person, who I believe was the owner, was so friendly. He gave me some delicious spiced sugary nuts to close it all out. There is a spectrum of pricing on the wines and they do have a happy hour with reduced pricing. Very fun and affordable.Very neat concept for those who love wine. Host was very helpful, explained the process and helped out when I tapped an empty bottle. Price was extremely reasonable. We did not try the food however it did look quite good. I wish it had a cozier vibe - maybe couches instead of dining tables. Overall it was an interesting way to spend an afternoon in New Orleans. I was impressed by the variety of things to chose from.WINO, you hold a special place in my heart.  Where else in NOLA is there a self serve wine bar?  As you walk in it's like you're entering heaven as the walls are lined with 120 different wines from around the world on tap.  You give them your ID in exchange for a card, which is essentially an open tab. You can get 1, 2 or 4 oz pours ranging in different prices.  We ordered a cheese plate and got a table in the back and just sipped on multiple glasses of wine.  There is no better way to spend a Friday night...or Monday, Wednesday or Sunday etc.  They also have wine tastings and classes, which I am definitely going to try as well.This place is amazing! I wish we had one back home. Wine of all types, colors and regions. Even some whiskey! Snacks and appetizers only, but I didn't try those. 
I am a huge moscato fan so did not like or try the other vintages but my co-worker did and appreciated the variety and even found some new ones. He is a wine fanatic and 2 thumbs up. 
Card system works well! License held for an open tab, card is unlimited charges, and you pay to get license back. Really enjoyed myself. 
I only wish there was more flexible seating, or more space cause it got busy. Then again its a Friday night. 
The gentleman helping us was a saucy minx and I appreciated his humor, winks, and facial expressions.Self-serve wine bar allows you to sample 1, 2 or 4 oz of wine. This is such a fun idea! We tried wine we wouldn't have otherwise, and the atmosphere was trendy and laid-back. Highly recommend checking this little hidden gem out!Holy smokes! What a great idea. This is a fantastic idea and a great way to try a variety of wines with little commitment. Over 120 wines. Happy hours Monday-Wednesday. Love this place!Excellent concept. Relaxed and friendly. Extensive wine choice ( and some bubbly too!) the food looked yummy although we didn't have the opportunity to try.Celebrated my birthday here, Austin was a gem in helping with planning. He made special suggestions for my party of 10 with a mixture of wine lovers and newbies. Platter included assorted cheeses, meats and fruit for $65 it fed 10 people. My guests loved it, a few have been back since. High tech wine tap machines are super easy to use. Cheers!A large group of us came here for my gf's birthday on Saturday night.  This place is awesome!  I love that you pour your own wines and you can just get a 1-ounce taste if you want.  I tried what I though was a large variety, but turned out to be less than 20 out of the 120 available.
Anyway, we occupied most of the back area for a good 3-4 hours, and we never felt overly crowded.  Some of us ordered food plates - fruit & cheese, salami & cheese, and hummus & bruschetta, all served with pita/crackers.  All of the food was very good, and not overly expensive.
Our tab was way lower than I thought it would be.  Everyone had a great time and we all plan on returning whenever we feel like a wine night out.We always love the places where enomatic wine systems are used and you can pay by the ounce. A good selection and good atmosphere. We will definitely be backWent for a work happy hour and we had a great time! Really like the setup of pouring your own glass.$20.00 oz. Opus one. And dozens of wines from all over the world that you can sample one oz. at a time. If you like wine. Get there.The concept is great. The variety of wines is awesome and the price point for each tasting is very reasonable.
The reason for the two star loss is due to service. The gentleman in glasses was not friendly and seemed bothered by our questions. He provided  very robot responses. Nola hospitality is on point, but that was not demonstrated at this establishment.WINO is a great concept on paper and fun to drop in every once in a while.  If you're looking to try something different, whether on a date or with a group of friends, it's perfect.  It's a bar, but far from the typical bar experience.  It's certainly a great way to sample new wines, exotic wines and really pricey wines that you would most likely never pay for by the bottle.  You have to keep track of why you're doing though.  It's really easy to walk from bottle to bottle sampling away without keeping a close eye on the price cards on the dispensers.  When you go to turn in your wine card and cash out, it can be a bit of an eye popping, heart stopping moment.Such a neat place with a super fun concept.  I was so excited to try, but the customer service totally ruined this experience.  The employee clearly did not want to answer any questions or interact with customers whatsoever.  We left to find a better wine experience elsewhere.Self-service wine bar. They give you a tasting card, you pick from what must be nearly 100 bottles, and select your size pour (1, 2 or 4oz).  This is an awesome way to try some more expensive bottles on the cheap.  Prices range from low cost (think $4-6 for 4oz.) to multiples of that.  Plenty of varieties and regions represented and even some dessert wines and a few bourbons.  Super fun place to grab a drink or two.Stumbled here because it was down the street from our hotel!  Great service and a cool concept. Super friendly people and great ambiance! I'll be back!We encountered WINO. because it was only a block from our hotel. We went out in search of wine and NOT in search of crazy crowds--and thank goodness we found WINO. We have now been back 3 times in 3 days. WINO offers a variety of wines arranged primarily by grape and/or region and style (crisp white, Chard, "other" whites and rosé (this included Riesling, Gewurz, and ice wines). The "self serve" part means that you get a card to insert and then choose a 1, 2, or 4-ounce pour. You are then charged according to what is on your card. After you have done it once, it is a no-brainer. I found what may be my favorite rosé in the world here and that's enough for an extra star! Staff are helpful and unobtrusive. WINO is not full of bachelorette parties--than God. It was a great place to go for a glass before deciding where to go for dinner. There is also tapas-type food, which we have not tried.Great concept ruined by lack of hospitality.  I was immensely disappointed with this stop on our vacation.  Always open to learning about wines, I felt the service was lacking in many ways and would not recommend going to WINO unless you are prepared to deal with attitude.This place is very cool if you're looking for a fun spot to drink wine with coworkers after a stressful day! You you give the attendant your ID, they give you a card to try an abundant amount of wines ranging from affordable to extravagant. We went during happy hour and i highly suggest it! They also have great apps to pair with their wines.Had the chance to visit W.I.N.O for a date night, and I loved everything about the experience. This the perfect place for a date night, girls night out or a casual glass of wine. They have so many selections of wine from Red wine, white and Rosé, and if you want to purchase a bottle they give you the option to do so. They also give you a little pink card that you use for self service of each wine. I am definitely coming back here.Loved everything about this place. Pen(?) was so friendly and helpful with lots of great recommendations.
There's an extensive selection of wines to choose from all over the world. This is the only self serve wine tasting I've ever come across and it was exciting. 
I didn't try any of the foods but they looked delicious and I'll definitely leave room for the baked Brie next time.
If you like wine you have to try this place you'll absolutely love it.While back in Texas researching fun and interesting places to eat, drink and be merry on my trip to NOLA, I came across WINO. So I bookmarked it and made a plan to go. 
We arrived at 5pm on a Thursday, which according to the sign was happy hour. We approached the counter, because no one acknowledged us when we walked in. We figured out that you leave your credit card at the counter in exchange for a WINO card and start tasting wines. The guy took no time to really explain how to access the wine, but instead gave a one line synopsis and sent us on our way. 
So we figured out how to get the wine on our own. No help from staff, no talking about the wines, nothing. We decided to order two of their small plates. The Three Dip plate, (hummus, bruschetta, and spinach artichoke dip), and the Baked Brie. On the Three Dip plate, the hummus and bruschetta were tasty, the spinach dip was not. It was ice cold and had zero flavor. I kept trying to like it, but in the end I was thankful I hadn't ordered just that. The Baked Brie was quite lovely. It had huge walnuts on top, as well as some fig preserves. That was really delicious. 
We ultimately decided to leave instead of hanging out and tasting like we had planned because the guy working there was so off putting. We would ask him about wines and he would say "try such and such, it's over there", pointing to a wall of 100 wines but taking zero time to actually talk about them or show us which one he was referring to. 
So the concept is cool, but with a person like this working there you won't have many customers. It's no wonder there weren't but a few other people in there. I travel to NOLA a lot, and won't be making any future visits to WINO.I was very disappointed with WINO, mainly because of the complete lack of service staff.  The wine selection is decent for New Orleans, but I have run into several wines that have been kept in the automatic machines past their prime.  I have been to WINO three times, all at very low volume times and have received the same service at each visit.  The staff completely ignored anyone who came in until the customer approached them, opposed to vise versa.  I have found that the staff knows very little about wine and is unhelpful at directing costumers to a wine that they might like.  The last time I was there, after receiving no service (as in I had to get a wine glass for myself), when I checked out I was asked directly if I would like to put a tip on my credit card for her.  I am not an outwardly rude person and was taken aback that she asked me, so I said that yes she could put a tip on my card.  In hindsight I was extremely upset that I had been asked this question.  A tip jar is on the counter and they could use receipts that allowed room for me to put in a tip if I wanted to.
New Orleans needs more good wine bars, but I feel that this place just takes advantage of tourists who see the sign for "Wine" and gets excited.I enjoyed this place.Some friends brought me here one late evening, where we could engage in a little conversation. I liked the ambiance. It was dimly lit and it had a great concept. I had never seen an establishment where you put money on a card and use the card to purchase glasses of wine from the machine. 
We also ordered some tapas that were a nice addition to our wine selections. It was a very adult atmosphere with an element of class. In contrast to the club located across the street, it was a nice quiet place.  I would like to return soon.Very cool concept. Purchase wine card and taste test over 100 wines. Great atmosphere and great doberge cake and cheeses to accompany food.Love the idea of wine tasting done by WINO.  Friendly staff, reasonable prices!  We visited twice and wished we had something similar at home.Austin was fantastic!  He was able to provide guidance and inside info on the wines but never made us felt pressured to try something.  You can tell he really loves his job.  We went for 1 drink and ended up there for hours!  Can't wait to come back!While visiting from NYC we stumbled about WINO on our walk back to our hotel. We had a wonderful time enjoying the endless variety of wine which you are able to help yourself to as it is self-serve (love this concept!) We also ordered the cheese/meat plate with 3 cheeses and it was amazing! It came with bread, grapes, apples and 2 different types of nuts. Penn and Mila were very helpful and friendly and answered the many questions my fiancé had. They were also super accommodating to our 2 year old daughter. We hope to visit again when we come back to NOLA. A great date night spot or place for an outing with family and friends.This place was very chill and laid back, I loved being here trying all the wine I was really tipsy after the night was over feeling really good, the music that was played was very soothing to the ears made the atmosphere so much better!!100 wines by the glass to self serve with chip card. Pay when finished trying anything you want. Why can't they have this in NYC? Great ambience In low key neighborhood. Come in and taste like a professional.I can't believe the positive reviews of this place. Yes, the concept is interesting but the wine always tastes like it has gone bad and the prices are absurd. It is b/t $1.50-$7 for 2 ounces of wine. 2 ounces! That is 1/4th of a glass of wine. I would advise going to the Ritz for a couple of drinks. It will cost the same a 2 rancid glasses of wine here.I was in WINO a few days after Halloween, 2009. I had been in NoLa on business, and WINO was close to the W Hotel where I was staying. 
WINO's front area isn't huge, but is very cool, with giant old doors opening to a room with exposed brick walls and a cement floor. The walls are lined with wine taps, with wine racks below in case you want to take a bottle home. A hallway in the back will take you to their wine retail store, where they also hold tastings and classes.
I was seated at the bar by the register and had to quickly admit I don't like wine. But I LOVE champagne. I was presented with their list of sparkling options by the glass and was quite pleased to see a range of prices. I also chose to order a salad of dressed greens and a roast beef and brie sandwich. I will say though, that the idea of swiping a card and choosing a 2oz or 4oz pour of a wine is pretty damn cool, and if you like wine, you absolutely should visit WINO.
While I was there a class was happening in the back, but it didn't disturb the front seating area. It was mostly people in their 20's and 30's there, and the employees were all in their 20's and cool-looking. One of the employees had their iPod on shuffle and there was a mix of indie darlings Vampire Weekend with classics from Beck. It was a relaxed atmosphere and fun and everyone seemed to be having a great time.
My food was delicious. The ingredients were fresh, the vinaigrette on the salad was light and flavorful, and the sandwich was amazing. The bread was especially great. I kept texting my boyfriend and sending him pictures of my food and the names of the champagne I tried. I'd definitely recommend it as a lunch spot even if you don't want to drink that time of day. I believe my sandwich was $6, which is a DEAL in New Orleans. Oh yeah, and I had a doberge cake for dessert, made by local baker, Debbie Does Doberge, which I have done a separate review for. You should read it. Trust me.
For those who don't like wine at all, WINO does have a varied and well priced beer list. 
I ended up also having a champagne cocktail while I was there and recommend those as well. I closed the place down and hung out and talked with the employees and their friend for sometime. It was a great experience and I can't WAIT to go back.It's an interesting place - especially for a wine geek like me given that you have so many different wines to try and different price points and styles.  I did taste one 2007 CDP that was "off" but in general it's a nice selection of wines in good condition.  The problem with this concept and space is that it's not very social (people are always going to be wandering around trying or looking for different wines) and there are limited places to sit plus very little atmosphere so it's not somewhere you want to stay for an evening on a date or with friends and definitely not by yourself.  It would be pretty good for a "mixer" event where a lot of the people don't know each other but definitely isn't going to be a regular stop for me.Huge fan of the concept - you're handed something like a debit card and can then go sample all the wine you want, either in 1,2 or 4 oz pours.
Since my gf and I love trying new wines, it's a great way to go try a bunch of new wines without having to commit to a full glass.  They've got some small bites as well, so it's a great way to spend an evening.
Super friendly staff as well.Before my last visit, this would have been five stars.
Premise: AMAZING. Clever and fun.
Wine selection: fantastic.
Food: pretty darn good.
Corkage fee: I'm calling bulls***
I've gone a number of times. I've taken family, friends, locals, visitors... everyone that even remotely likes wine, I take them. It's an awesome idea and a real crowd pleaser.
So when a friend who just aced her dream job interview wanted to celebrate, we went to WINO for champagne and "dinner." We didn't go high end with our champagne, mostly because... well, we knew ahead of time we'd be drinking two bottles. And eating. And we didn't want to blow a huge amount of money. 
We buy the first bottle, order food, eat, drink, be merry. My friend bought the first round of everything, and it was about $40. 
I go get the second round: more food, another bottle of champers... and this time, I'm told there's a $10 corkage fee on my champagne, because the bottle is priced less than... I think she said $50. So my bill, with corkage fee added, comes out to about $50. (In full disclosure: it was a different person ringing me up this time. But it's a small place, and she was the one who served us our first round of everything, so it's not like she thought we just walked in.)
So let me get this straight: I'm drinking a bottle of your champagne at your full retail price, in your establishment, and between the two of us, we've spent (minus the corkage fee) $80, before tip. So you're going to charge us an additional $10 because... we're spending money in your establishment? 
Well, it was all very good -- good food, good drink, good ambiance. And we had a good time. But I can assure you that the next time I get in the mood for "dinner" and a few bottles of champagne, I'll be sure to spend my money somewhere else. Nickle and diming me is not a good way to get repeat business.
I'll still come back for some wine tasting here and there, sure.. it's great for that. Truly. But it no longer is my "of course we'll go there to celebrate" spot anymore.Wow... I know it's been said for other cities.. but we REALLY need a bar like this in Portland... Imagine... 100 bottles all available in 1, 2, or 4oz pours... yayy!!!!
W.I.N.O ( cool name by the way ) is a cool little place.. nice room in the front with a communal table in the middle and one or two small tables at the front.. surrounded by the Enoteca machines... 
walk to the hostess desk.. prepay or leave a credit card to run a tab ( now it's getting dangerous )... and go enjoy!!
I tried quite a few wines... lots of 1oz pours.. a few 2ozs.. and enjoyed a few 4oz.'s.... lots of ok wines... a few standouts...
we ordered the boar pate and bruschetta... both were  good and kept us happy.  total bill for 1 hour ... $60 plus tip ( plus 20 bucks for a cool WINO tshirt - couldn't help myself )
Nice people working there, although not very knowledgeable about wine... I think they should spend a little more time educating their servers.. but service was friendly and efficient.
So walk on over to tatchapolpolis ( it's more fun to say than write ) and get your WINO on.WINO is my kind of wine bar, 120 wines available for tasting by the glass and even more available by the bottle for purchase for in-house consumption or carry out, a knowledgeable staff available to help you in matching a wine to your particular taste, and cheese and charcuterie (and other food offerings) to go along with your wine.  What made it totally "geek cool" for me, though, is its high-tech Enomatic dispensing system.  Insert pre-paid card into slot, place glass under your choice of wine, and press button for one, two, or 3 oz pours.  How simple and sweet is that?    
The highlight of my WINO experience (or letdown depending on your perspective) was that they had a bottle of 2007 Opus One available for tasting.  Opus One was on my bucket list of wines to try.  Granted, $20 for a 1 oz. pour is very steep, but definitely a lot more reasonable than buying a bottle for around $200 and finding out you don't like it!  I gave it a try and was...unimpressed.  It was good, but I've had wines I've enjoyed far more for far less.  I'm glad WINO provided me the opportunity to check that wine off of my bucket list and they likely saved me a lot of money in the end.  
WINO is a great place for wine-lovers and wine-novices.  WINO can definitely become an expensive habit.Yeah, 5 stars.  I fuc*ing totally loved this place. I mean, how can you not? I am a WINO so this is a no-brainer. I went here on my birthday, on good notice, that it was the place to go as a precursor to my big BD dinner.
The inside was beautiful. It was a mixture of comfort, hominess, intimacy, totally welcoming and conversation was made easy. Of course I was there with my bestiest girlfriend so OF COURSE it was easy but I felt like if I were on a date there, it would have been a great first one to be on.
I walked out knowing more about my tastes and wine than I had before (props to Hannah) but also because of the layout of the wines. White by  varietal and reds by regions.Or is it the other way...Oh find out yourself! 
Go to the counter, pay for how many ounce pours that you want and go to town, try new things, start up a WINO conversation, giggle, browse the maps, you'll love it.Rip off! My friend paid $150 for a great bottle of wine. Next week it was lowered to $110. She had her receipt and they refused to refund the difference. Now we find the same bottle online for $50. I know they need a little mark up but 100-150% is restaurant prices. Lost our business...Throw together wine lovers and appreciators of gimmicks and you have WINO. It's fun to punch little buttons with the options of having a little taster to a half a glass. I started out with the Green Chartreuse, which I had to ingest even a teeny amount little by little because gosh, it was peppery AND it felt like the equivalent to two glasses filled to the brim of wine. I liked some red Spanish wine they offered, along with a lighter, sweeter white wine. Basically, the employees could tell me what wine was good and I followed their advice and was happy. A novice wine appreciator like me does not need intricate details. 
One of my friends accidentally dropped a glass which broke on the floor, but the staff was still attentive and nice about it. They're like, "no worries, it happens all the time." Comical. 
I blew threw my 20 bucks within the hour, easily. And I was able to pick up a Nola Zagats, dropping another 10 buckeroos.W.I.N.O. Is an amazing concept. You have the option to try wines by the ounce. No need to commit to an expensive glass if you don't like it. As a personal wino I really appreciated the attention to detail, the knowledge and friendliness of the staff and their overall approach.
Wine...with 120 choices you can't go wrong. Just try some until you find what you like. 
Food...the food was good too. A perfect lunch place. I had a house salad with Hummus which was excellent. My counterparts had sandwiches and cheese plates they enjoyed.
Overall a fun and enjoyable experience. If and only if there was a complaint the food at lunch wasn't all that quick for what it was. I was perfectly happy to spend a few extra miunutes sampling wine :)All the wine your heart desires in increments of 1 (taste), 2 (half glass), or 4 (full glass) ounces!
The staff was super friendly and helpful, providing us with a suggestion of a few of her favorites.
The food was fantastic!
I was really surprised it wasn't busier than it was.
I enjoyed a few of the wines so much, that I had no choice but to buy bottles for later. ;)
If we had a WINO in Oklahoma, it'd be my hang out place!Wife and I came in here on a Thursday afternoon and enjoyed a few glasses wine.  Nice atmosphere and good wine to taste.Great bar, great customer service, great wine variety.  My organization hosted a reception in San Diego at a similar wine bar that also offered self-dispensing wine, and we had such excellent feedback that we decided to do it here at WINO.  Man, is this a great idea.  Drunkenness was mitigated with very tasty charcuterie plates, olives, cheeses and breads.  Staff was very friendly and accommodating.  They moved around the place so that you barely noticed them replacing bottles when they were empty.  
Host your company party or reception here.  You won't regret it.Love this place for a fun date night! They have a great selection of wine, but you do have to be careful as your tab can rack up pretty quickly without you realizing it! Also their charcuterie boards are literally the best I've ever had at a restaurant/establishment, you get a TON of high quality meats, cheeses, and mixed bread/nuts/fruits to pair for a very fair price!! Penn, one of the weekend guys, is super awesome, very friendly and helpful!This place is a candy store for grownups.  It's amazing.  And how can you NOT love the name?  W.I.N.O.  New Orleans is home to some amazing acronyms.  SoFAB being another (the Southern Food and Beverage Museum).
So when you go to W.I.N.O., you give them money and get you magic pink W.I.N.O. card, which allows you to try all the wines in the Enomatic machines (i.e. wine dispensers).  It's nice to be able to try new wines without someone shoving jargon down your throat, or treating you like a third-class citizen because you're not over 55.  (I've experienced across-the-board age discrimination at wineries and wine tastings for some reason.  Maybe it's just me.  But the W.I.N.O machines don't talk back.)
The magic pink cards are a great idea on so many levels.  For one, it's an excellent business strategy, because it doesn't feel like real money and I always end up spending far more than I'd intended.  Also, they keep track of everything you try, so you can get a printout for future reference, when you're trying to find a bottle of that...what was that wine again?  
This is a great place to chill with a small group of friends, have a glass (or six) of fantastic new wines, and order something off the menu.  Personally, I'm a huge fan of their cheese plate.  
If you haven't been here yet, you're definitely missing out.Such a unique concept which allows you to taste wine that otherwise would be priced out of reach (well, at least for me!). 
Great customer service as they help you understand the process and answer your questions. Can't wait to return!It's a great little tasting room.  It's got a serve-yourself format with a card you obtain from the cashier.  You can then choose what you want, when you want.  You can choose from 3 different size of pours.
They have a wide selections of wines of major varietals, with a good mix of regions as well--red, white, dessert.
They serve appetizer dishes, like cheese plates, some meats, the usual wine-bar fare.
The downside is that it's expensive.  They are charging full restaurant pricing (2-3x retail) which is unusual (and not welcome) in a wine bar attached to a retail shop.Fill up a card, grab a glass, and choose from a multitude of wine from all over the world. 
There are wines in both the front and back room. Seating in both rooms. Staff is super friendly.