My girlfriend and I strolled into Wood's at 10:20 on a Sunday night, in desperate need of a late meal. We were welcomed with open arms despite the fact that the staff was already closing up due to the slow Sunday night. The bar manager gave us a taste of some wonderful IPAs (the pineapple IPA was delicious), asked where we were from, and chatted with us as she poured us some local brews. The bartender was super nice, and chatted with us about his tips and tricks for operating a bar. Then, after we were done eating our pepperoni pizza (so thin and crispy!) the chef - Spoon - came out and chatted with us for the next 15 minutes. He even gave us some lychee nuts to try. Overall this place is a wonderful spot to sit back, drink a good beer and enjoy some great pizza. Highly recommend.I have been to woods about 5 times now, and I have slowly become more skeptical about it. The pizza appears completely adequate, but the other aspects make me not a complete fan. The lighting outside is gorgeous in this canopy style draping, but the chairs outside are noisy and uncomfortable. Not too many people come here at once, which I don't particularly like since a nice rolling in of patrons having a good time always adds nicely to the atmosphere. Their most interesting drink that I've sampled was called the River Queen. Served in a champagne flute with blueberries as a garnish, it is a vanilla-Y unique cocktail. It was taken off the menu the last time I went, but the server said she could still make it and that it was no problem, which is always much appreciated when they're not thrown off or put out by off menu orders. The desserts are always cute and good. Not homemade, but still a nice sweet treat. Probably will stop going there for the near future, just bored with it and I can find much more exciting places in the neighborhoodBest pizza in New Orleans. Located in the warehouse district in walking distance of Bourbon street.My coworker and I went here today for lunch!  It was delicious! We got the Caesar salad first.  definitely not your typical Caesar salad.  It had romaine lettuce chopped cherry tomatoes and shaved parmesan.  The dressing was olive and parmesan cheese.  It was tasty.  We ate the whole thing.  Then we had the margarita pizza.  Came out fresh and hot thin pizza.  Can't wait to go back!I went here for dinner during a conference about a week ago and was appalled by the lack of service. When we arrived, it took a frantic server a few minutes to acknowledge us and then seat us. We waited about 15 minutes for our drink order to be filled and then put in our food order: two salads and two pizzas. We received the salads, but 50 minutes later I approached the manager about our missing pizza (we hadn't been able to get the attention of our server this entire time). The excuse she gave was not a good one: "you ordered an appetizer so that bumps your order down the line a bit." Ummmm, we ordered SALADS and so did two other tables who sat down after we ordered and they already had their salads AND pizzas. She then blamed the stress that they were under. First rule of customer service: don't unload your problems on the customers! When we finally got our pizzas, they were delicious (thus the two stars...kudos to the chefs), but that service was unforgivable.BLUF:  Great atmosphere, service, beer selection and pizza.
I really loved the atmosphere.  Old brick building with a lot of added modern character but not gaudy.  
20 beers on tap and most are local and all pretty good.  It would have been nice if they had more original stuff since they are a tap house but still better than most places.  (there were only a couple on tap or in bottle that I had never had)
Server was great.  She gave us her opinions on what we asked and what she thought on our orders.  It was helpful.  She was attentive too.
Sometimes I don't like wood fire pizza because I tend to like a thicker crust than the usual wood fire pizza.  This place had really really good crust with some body to it.  Still thin but not as thin as other wood places.  The crust edge was thicker than the rest of the pizza which is also not standard on a wood pizza and it was great.  I really liked the crust.
I got the sausage pizza with white sauce.  It was good but IMO the sausage was too sweet especially when paired with the red bell pepper.  The pizza just had a little too much sweetness to it.  I think a spicier/sharper sausage would have been much better.  Still a great pizza though.
My wife built her own; red sauce, goat cheese, prosciutto, and mushrooms.  Hers was better than mine but she eats like a child so I kinda got both.  (The waitress recommended that she get it with white sauce and i agree, but what can you do...)
We had left overs and they heated up well the next day.  
I'd go back in a heartbeat.I brought my dog with me and they offer water, a good table and no objections. Their pizzas are great! I love the white beans appetizer and the bruschetta. This place is great for your whole family.
Adriana K.Had a couple of great pizzas and a salad here. Sat at the pizza bar while we eat. Nice meal.I live in the warehouse district and was really excited about a neighborhood bar with pizza and outdoor seating. We've been there 3 times and so far I'm not too impressed. Each time we've had to wait between 45-75 minutes for take out and no option to call in. Also, the wait is always longer than they say. The place has a good vibe, but there is not enough inside seating for rainy/ cold days. The crust on the pizza is delicious and my husband loves the tutti carne. However, not a great option for vegetarians. Last time we ordered the margarita pizza, it had chunks of sausage mixed in.  I'll probably be going back to slice or pie pizza.We ended up here because another restaurant down the street was closed on Memorial Day. The atmosphere was very welcoming so we thought we'd try it out. We got here at 8:35 and they close at 9pm. We thought we were going to be rushed but that was not the case. The host was very sweet and welcoming. The bartender was super relaxed. Our pizza was good and the drinks were perfect. I have no idea why this place only has 3.5 stars. I'd totally come back again!!!The pizza was superb but the service was sub par. The crust was excellent and perfectly cooked.
The place was seat yourself, so I took a seat. There were two other groups that sat down after me and both were waited on before me. One table that sat down after me was almost finished eating before anyone even took my order. Great food but the service needs some work.First time to NOLA stayed in the warehouse district. Picked this place at random cuz it was close. GREAT LITTLE JOINT!!! Pizza was perfect wood fired, the staff was amazingly friendly!!! Not much seating inside but great patio. Pretty good beer selection and reasonable prices. Definitely will go back if we visit again.Visited again and the place, service and food is amazing. You must order the Burrata. It is different every visit.Didn't eat here, just checked out the menu and moved on. Nice decor, pleasant surroundings.Terrible service, great pizza. 
The place has a nice patio area outside that's quite spacious. The inside is small with 3-4 tables, the food prep area and the bar. The bar was fully stocked and had a large beer selection. 
We were told to "seat ourselves, oh and the ATM is over there." We asked if they were cash-only and the waitress said "no, it's so you can leave me a tip."
She then came over as we were sitting down and asked what we were going to order. We didn't even have menus yet. Only a minute or two after getting the menu she came back and said "Ok so what do you want food wise?" We had to wave her away again to give us a minute. We felt extremely rushed to order. She came back for a third time and we're ready to order our pizza. (Mind you we've been inside for less than 5 minutes). She tells my husband he's "clearly never been a server because he spoke the ingredients too fast". As she's writing our order down I see her nose is running down her lip, she wipes it with her fingers, goes to get our drinks and grabs unwrapped straws with her unwashed hands and places them in the glasses. We only saw her once more when the pizza arrived and sat there with empty drinks until we finally had to flag her down for the check. By far the rudest waitress I've ever had. 
All of that being said, the pizza is some of the best we have ever had. 
As a previous reviewer stated, it's truly sad that such a great product is overshadowed by such terrible service.Loved the ambiance and the food was great, from the bruchetta to the fried Brussels sprouts to some of the best pizza I have ever had, service, by the way rocked while sitting at the bar.The weather was perfect out so I decided to head to Wood and try their pizza. Was pretty impressed with the spicy pepperoni pizza. Crispy yet chewy. Only thing I wish more for was cheese on the pizza but overall I was satisfied with what was served. The cheese balls appetizer was pretty good and I thought it was a great spin on your usual mozzarella sticks. Would recommend to friends and plan on coming here again.Good food. Had the Scallop Salad, Pepperoni Pizza, and Margarita Pizza. Pizzas only had a few dots of cheese; some had none at all. Quality ingredients. Hard to get seating. Ended up settling for outside seating. Too hot and humid. Slow service. They forgot one of our entrees. I have 3 small kids so it is not worth the headache. Won't return.Great food, good drinks cute little spot! Sarah E the server was not deserving of the 4 stars though maybe she was having a rough day. Definitely a must try !This is my SECOND trip.  The pizza is amazing!   Three stars.   Well that would be the service.   We had the flat bread with white bean sauce for an appetizer.   Excellent.  I had the sausage and my wife had the Bianca.   Both great.   BUT service was slow.   Too slowEight stars.  This may have well been the best tasting pizza I've ever ingested.  I had an overall great experience.  Super nice hostess, nice table on the deck, amiable waiter, great beer, good music.  I loved that the tables weren't too close together which always makes me uncomfortable.  You have plenty of room at this place.  Service was prompt, but not too quick to make you feel rushed.  I ordered a pizza of my own design.  Tomato sauce, mozzarella, asiago, olives and mushrooms.  It was so good I ate until I was overstuffed.  The crust is thin and light, the toppings just perfect.  Prices are great as well.  Highly recommend.Fantastic new pizzeria with wood fired oven and over 20 beers on tap.  Great place to watch the game and enjoy the best pizza in the Warehouse District.This place was recommended by someone at the WW II Museum and it was very good. We came off hour at about 2:30pm on a weekday and we were pleasantly surprised. The wood fired pizzas were very good and the wide beer selection just as good.Went in around 10:30 (they're open till 2) and unfortunately didn't get to try the food I've heard so much about because the few people who were working made us feel really unwelcome. Those who didn't ignore us made sarcastic comments towards us. We quickly left and most likely will not return.Waited 30 minutes to get a server to come to our table and another hour to get our food...and all we ordered were salads. Apparently they did not have enough staff to support the demand. Advice to the owner/manager of this place. Considering your location is 2 blocks from a convention center and you are one of few places open for lunch on a Sunday, perhaps you should ensure you are properly staffed. Owner/manager never made an appearance to any of the tables to apologize for the wait and thank us for our patience. Customer service needs some work. No comment on the food because it doesn't matter how good your food is if the service is terrible.
Update: business responded very promptly to my review. They are 2 weeks old and are working out some quirks. The response was much appreciated. Acknowledgement and ownership is the first step
to growth. I commend them for their honesty and their ability to see feedback from customers as a stepping stone for growth.If you want thin crust, delicious pizza go to pizza Dominica or somewhere else. This place is extremely overrated, very poor service and unhelpful staff. We waited over an hour for our pizza without much of and explanation, apology or even a discount for the long wait. Since there are so many great pizza places in New Orleans, I would definitely recommend going someplace to where you're not waiting an hour for some dough and toppings. There's no way I would go back to this place. Once we finally got the pizza, it was just okay- nothing memorable.I thought this was a great change from the typical NOLA food.   It was a rainy day and there wasn't a spot inside right away, but the server was great and got us one inside as soon as one opened up.   The beer selection was above average with lots of local beers.   I had a beer tail, which was delish.   The Brussels sprouts were probably the best I ever had, and the Italian sandwich was good.  Pizza was not the best ever, but very good.   Overall, just a nice experience.Pizza was great! The guys who cooked our pizza, Spoon and Zach, were very fun and informative. Sit at the bar where the brick oven is! Great time! You get to see them make the pizza! My mom and I shared a pepperoni pizza and we added bacon. I've been to Italy and this pizza was comparable, maybe even better. Highly recommend.This is not NY style pizza, this is Neapolitan style pizza which is cooked for two minutes in a wood fired oven. Very good pizza in my opinion (I run a website dedicated to making pizza -- pizzamaking[dot]com). This place is new but I feel that their pizza will only get better as they work out the kinks. I will definitely visit this place again the next time I'm in NOLA.In years past, I have found New Orleans' pizza game to be lacking.  Will we ever be on the same par as New York or Chicago?  No, but recently it appears that a valiant effort is being made.  My most recent search  for top-notch pie in the Crescent City has taken me to Wood in the Warehouse District.  
The indoor dining room is VERY small, but there is plentiful seating outdoors.  It was early in the evening on the first week of August when I was there, which sounds like a huge no-no for al fresco dining, but there was plenty of shade via umbrellas and lots of fans, so my group and I was quite comfortable.
For an appetizer, I had the buratta with spring vegetables.  It wasn't bad, but I've had better elsewhere.  I was thinking that it was going to come with sliced vegetables for dipping purposes, or be accompanied with some crusty bread for spreading.  Alas, the veggies turned out to be mashed peas.  The appetizer was all around bland in taste.
For our pizza, we ordered the Chicken and Artichoke.  The toppings were a tasty combination, but they were difficult to keep on the pizza because the crust was extremely soggy.  It was the same story with the two other couples at our table.
I can see why Wood would get a lot of business since it is in a popular section of town for both locals and tourists alike.  It would even be a cool place to hang-out if you live nearby.  For this Westbanker, however, you're gonna have to churn out more impressive fare to get me to cross that bridge.  There are places on my side of the river that I prefer, not just because they are closer, but because they are better.Service was terrible.  We waited half a hour for our water.  And then we waited maybe another hour for our pizza.  When the pizza arrived it wasn't even hot.  I had to personally grab my silverwares and a plate for myself.  Don't come here unless you miraculously had better service than we did.One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had. The pizza with "extra cheese" hardly had any cheese at all. Also forgot one of our pizzas, rushed to make it and brought out a pizza with hardly any cheese or sauce. When we ordered, we made it clear we were ordering in pairs to "split" pizzas, but the waitress still put everything on once check and refused to bring separate checks.I'm starting off this review by saying I'm from New York. I have an incredibly high standard for pizza, I refuse to eat anything not up to my standards. But this pizza was really good. It was a thin crust pizza and really delicious. I ate six slices when I normally eat two just because it was a very thin crust and pretty light. I was very impressed not only by the pizza but also with the service. Our waiter's name was Jordan and he was very nice. He kept my water glass filled and talked to us about the city. We sat inside but next time I would sit outside because the outdoor seating was very nice. It was a great pizza place and it reminded me of New York.Worst pizza my son & I have ever eaten.  We ordered pepperoni & margherita.   I could make better in the microwave at my hotel.  Thin crust, like authentic Italian, but barely had any cheese or flavor.   We also came @ 10, closes at 11, but were told we could only order specialty pizza;  the rest of the menu was off limits.Aww man came here in the hot august louisiana heat. Sat outside and waited till my hair grew another inch till i got my pizza.I can't speak for the pizza. But a great place to have a brew. Will be an even better place in Fall when things cool down some.Got in early for an event at the convention center with my husband and two kids (5 and 6). We weren't sure what to eat and found this place while walking around. They have a really nice patio with large fans. We ate there bc our youngest wasn't a fan of the tall tables inside. 
We ordered one pepperoni and it wasn't quite enough for the four of us so we ordered a second. The food was very good and enjoyed by all. It also didn't take long to come out. Everything was also decently priced. We had the two pizzas, tea, coke, and three bottles waters for 40.00. 
The staff was also very friendly and accommodating. Our waitress made sure our glasses were filled and even got up on a chair to turn the fans towards us so we would be more comfortable (we were the only ones on the patio).
We would definitely come back again.Split a Caesar and pizza for lunch between the two of us. More food than we could finish. Perfect crust and everything was fresh. Great service and nice peeps. We will be back.This is a cute little place tucked near the New Orleans Convention Center. Nice patio in front wrapped with a tall fence separating it from the road and shell gas station across the street. The fence gives the restaurant its own atmosphere. Pizza is good. They have a few complicated items with lots of toppings but also offer build your own. I think everything is on real thing crust. I was hungry and ate a medium by myself. Several beers on tap at the little bar.  Most of the tables are outside. Take out availableJust found this little gem for lunch. If you need a break from creole this is the place. Fresh pizza and very reasonably priced. Looks like a great tap selection if you need a beverage. Bring a friend to share pizza.I would like to write this review about the taste of the pizza, but unfortunately we never got the chance! After waiting over an hour for our pizza order I went inside to inquire about it, I was greeted by a rude worker behind the pizza stand! I asked about our order, which was two of their specialty pizzas, and explained to her that we has been waiting over an hour! She clearly informed me that she was only one person and that she would get to my order when she could! She also explained to me how the oven only held 4 pizzas at a time! I leaned over looked into the pizza oven and saw one pizza cooking! What about the other three that could fit?? Let me point out that during that hour only three pizzas came out to other customers! Three tables left while I was there also because they never received their pizzas! Don't waster your time!! Nola has too many other restaurant choices to wait for this place!! Left after an hour still hungry!!Been here numerous times.  Pizza is awesome, but I'm growing tired of their excuses for poor service.  Arrived 20 minutes before closing and we're refused service because "the ticket times were over an hour." There was hardly anyone in the place.Pizza's are delicious! Service is another story... They're not on top of making sure their customers have what they need. We actually wanted to order more drinks but no server around. It wasn't even busy so I don't understand why it was an issue.Our pizza was charred black on the bottom. Waitress tried to pass it off as okay...but we asked to have it fixed. They will NOT split a check for a large group. We took our team of volleyball players. We are a seasoned group of travelers and this has never been an issue. Our bill was very large and NO gratuity was added so that was an ordeal as each family tips differently. The pizza was sub par at best and they not group friendly. To top it off the said we shorted them $100 and added it to someone's credit card. The manager had to take over. Long story short stay away!
PROS: Large outdoor seating area. You can bring your four legged friends. 
CONS: Terrible for large groups, untrained wait staff, burned/charred pizza.
Save your money and go across the street to the BUTCHER. Yummy!The thin crust pizza (cooked in an 850-degree wood fire oven) is very good. Not the best wood fire oven pizza I've had, but strong. Ingredients were fresh. 
Very nice craft beer selection from around the south and beyond. The crew and the venue definitely give it a hipster feel.Interesting!  Good beers on tap - half-price until 6 pm, so great value.  Wine list not so much, but beer goes better with pizza anyway.  Ordered a Caesar salad, which was weird:  tomatoes?  The dressing was a vinaigrette of some kind, but bore no resemblance to a real Caesar dressing.  Pizza was only fair - they left off one of the ingredients, and there was about a teaspoon of the sausage, but was still edible.  Super-hot inside the restaurant, where the A/C was not working.  It was pouring rain, so inside was our only option.  Just ok all around.Great food and atmosphere. The bartender Zach was great and the owners were great as well. Pizza was awesome and Beer selection is mind boggling.Real gourmet Neopolitan style pizza with high quality toppings.  Good salads.  Not your typical pizza.  Thin crispy crust in 800 degree wood fire oven.   You can watch Tyson the pizza making machine hand craft pizza in front of you at the pizza bar.   All other cooks and staff friendly as well.  I'm not easy to please when it comes to pizza.  Only knock is lack of indoor seating.  Plenty outside though.I was very excited to hear of another wood-fired pizza establishment opening in our area, and Wood did not disappoint.  I ordered the chicken and artichoke pizza - DELICIOUS!!  I am really looking forward to going back to enjoy the beautiful patio.  We have so few outdoor dining locations here that it's really nice to get new ones.  
I was very pleased to see a great by-the-glass wine list of familiar and new wines.  So many pizza places assume if you are eating pizza you're drinking beer and nothing else.  Thanks Wood for keeping us winos in mind!!
The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is the pizza crust.  The crust on this pizza was thin, which I prefer, but not crispy enough.  I really would have liked the crust cooked a little more though so will request that when I return.  The sauce was fantastic and the other toppings were fresh and plentiful.  This would be great for a casual, business or a group dining experience.Killer place. They are still young and getting ops in place but worth supporting a local joint. Good beer and great pizza. Go!Four of us went in on a whim.  Server was courteous.  Good beer selection.  We got three pizzas--  the pepperoni, the sausage, and the Bianco.  All were bland, with no love put into the product.  Having a wood fire oven is awesome and I wish they would put more care into actually making the pizzas.  The pepperoni had a few small blobs of mozzarella.  The sausage looked as if it comes in frozen, and the Bianco had a few strands of onion floating on what looks and tastes like Alfredo sauce.  Needs work.  Would stop in for a beer, and nothing else.Was in town for a convention and this place was in walking distance. Awesome pizza and WOW, what a selection of beer! Ask for Ben as he gave us the best service. This will be on our list every visit. Great dining experience!Great spot. I stopped in here during a thunderstorm for lunch. The bar tender was friendly and had a good knowledge of beer, including the large selection of seasonal drafts they have on tap. The pizza was hot fresh and thin crust, what you expect from a high quality wood fired pizza joint.The scallops are the best thing I have eaten in a while. Get them if you come here. The pizza is very delicious and all of them are thin crust made on a wood fire grill. There is also a really great outdoor patio with plenty of seating. I will be back! Yummy!Great Feel, had the pepperoni pizza with arugula and onions and it was great.  Good service nice atmosphere.A great pizza place in the CBD finally!!! Excellent food, good vibe, great drinks. Will be back.Went here before a saints game; was about 25%-50% seated. Hostess gave us a "wtf" look when we walked up as a party of 2 and seemed to want to shoo us away, saying our food would take 45 minutes to come out. We didn't really care because we had plenty of time and just wanted to sit back and have a few beers so we said no big deal.  The problem is that they are incapable of bringing drinks, taking orders, or even bringing silverware to the table. Our waiter once again warned us that they were slammed; my friend and I looked around and were like blown away that this crowd was "slammed". We once again said, don't worry, we have 2 hours, just wanted some beer; and proceeded to place our entire order of 2 apps and 1 pizza to make it easy for him. We went almost 40 minutes before he brought our warm beer out, after he brought us 1 of the apps and no plates. Then he comes back with cold pizza an hour and 15 minutes after we ordered it. He never offered to refill our beers, once or even came back with the check; we had to get another staff member to find him. Then he brings a check out with the appetizer we didnt get on it, and failed to fix it after bringing it back inside once and sitting on it for 20 minutes.
All the while my friend is going to the bathroom and seeing him just sitting in the empty bar inside.
Honestly, the food was pretty good the brussel sprouts were awesome, but the service was probably the worst things I have ever experienced. I'm extremely laid back and I have never been so angry leaving some place I spent money in all my life. They don't seem to want to be in business and we should probably help them out.I come to New Orleans about once a year for work, The novelty of the French Quarter wore away quickly. I'm sure there is much of the quarter I am missing. Tonight I took a gamble on a place in the warehouse district, away from the noise and tourists traps. Hands down the best dining and drinking experience I've had in this city. 
The beer selection was phenomenal, the staff equally knowledgable. Tried a Urban South Holy Roller IPA for the first time. Delicious. Tried a few others to see if I wanted to change it, but it wasn't worth it.
The Pizza was spectacular, sure, the wait for the food was long, but well worth it. The crust was crisp and chewy at the same time, wood fired goodness. Really can't say enough about it.
Great food, great place, great music.The best pizza around!!! First smell when you walk in is the wonderful wood smell of the pizza in the brick oven. They are willing to split the pizza into half pizza's so you can get a variety of different taste.  They have a huge selection of beer on tap and don't mind providing tastings to satisfy your palate. I would HIGHLY recommend this restaurant and wish them well!The location is great. The pizzas were okay but not great. The service was very bad. We had to keep asking for drinks, silverware and our food. We ordered 3 pizzas, waited 30 mins and only 2 pizzas came out! Waited another 15mins for the other one.This was my second meal of the day during Running of the Bulls 2015 and it wasn't that crowded. We were seated outside and simply ordered two pizzas. The pizzas were delicious, but the waitress was not that attentive. We wanted to split the check right down the middle (the pizzas were basically the same price) but the waitress did something weird with splitting the check....
The first time I attempted coming here was very crowded and we found out that we were not allowed to sit outside of the fence. There is some 'law' that says the restaurant cannot serve those who are outside of the fence...which why even have tables out there?
This place could be better, and I will probably try again.We stopped here over the weekend when the line at Cochon Butcher was practically an entire city block long, and boy am I glad we did! They were crazy busy and one of the servers (there were only two on staff that day) said they had just opened a little more than a week ago, that they would serve us as fast as they could, but would appreciate our patience. We found a seat at the bar and the bartender took a few mins to get to us but was very nice and handled everything well considering how in the weeds they all were. But the kicker is...this was the Best pizza I've had in a long time! Nice crust, quality ingredients, super delicious. We got the Sausage pizza and were not disappointed.Came here with my two coworkers for lunch today after our visit to the convention center. I never eat in the CBD, but we spotted this place on the corner and decided to give it a shot. They had 5-6 tables when we arrived, and unlike other reviewers, our service was decent. It wasn't *great*, but definite nothing to complain about.  I enjoyed the decor and ambience of the place, and yes they have a ton of beer on tap. The outside seating is nice, especially because it's kind of fenced off from the street.  
We really enjoyed the sausage pizza and arugula salad. Unlike a previous reviewer, our salad was absolutely huge. We ordered it to share and had plenty + some leftovers. It only had a few very basic ingredients but the effervescence of the blue cheese coupled with the grape tomatoes turned it from an "OK" salad into a really enjoyable one. All three of us loved the pizza.  
I'm not sure why someone is complaining about the prices --- they're very "on par" with other nola pizza joints and the pizza here is damn tasty in comparison. If I'm in the neighborhood again soon, I'll be back.Porch is lovely. Food was really delicious. Brussels sprouts with fried prosciutto were some of the best I've ever had. But the service was terrible. Waitress left us unattended for 30 minutes. I finally had to get up and ask the bar tender for a coke refill, and she gave me total attitude.Flew to New Orleans with some friends and we were looking for food.  We parked in the warehouse district and couldn't find the restaurant we were looking for, so we just walked around a bit.  We noticed that this place had a good google rating and decided to stop in.  We were told it would be a 30-40 minute wait which seemed fair since it was Saturday night and Jazz Fest, but our table was ready in 20 minutes.  Waiting at the bar, the bartenders were really friendly.  The inside is crowded, and obviously the real dining area is outside, but still a cool atmosphere.
The hostess was really nice, and our waiter was great.  The food came quickly and was delicious.
I have to admit, I generally don't like this style of pizza.  I'm not a fan of thin crust, burnt to a crisp, pizza with one drop of cheese on it.  However, this pizza is really good.  That means a lot coming from me.  They only have smallish 14" pizzas, so we ordered two, the Bianca and a Tutti Carne.  Both were delicious, but we all agreed the Tutti Carne was phenomenal.  Just wish we'd tried a few different cheeses.  Which is another bonus for this place, you have a variety of cheeses to choose from and a plethora of toppings.  Definitely a must visit if you're in New Orleans and looking for pizza.Walked there as it was close and according to the website it was open. We walked in the door and a girl yelled we do t open until 4. Update your hours and teach your staff to be pleasantThe tutti carne pizza is the best of the pizzas that i have tried here. It has a nice spice to it and the sausage is not over fennely (not a real word). They do have a great beer selection. We also split the chicken and artichoke pizza, which was good. On Tuesdays that have wine and dine special which is $40 for a specialty pizza and a bottle of wine. Pretty good deal since most of the wines are around the $30+ range.This place is amazing!! I think it might be the best Pizza I have ever eaten. The ingredients are so fresh and the staff are so nice. I really enjoyed sitting at the Pizza bar watching the Chef do his thing!! The salad was great also!!I had heard many things from many people about how wonderful this place was. Being the fan of Woodfire Pizza that I am, I was very excited to try this spot out.
We sat outside because it was a pretty evening. Our waiter greeted us within a timely manner and everyone had everything needed as we sat. All the normal for a decent restaurant. Things took a turn as we began to ask about beers... the waiter seemed to lack any knowledge of their draft line. Giving him the benefit of the doubt, I took his recommendation on a beer. Shouldn't have done that. Still looking forward to the pizza I had heard so much about we ordered...
I order the Bianco, my roommate ordered the Marg, and his fiancé ordered the pepperoni. None of the three pizzas lived up to the expectations we had graciously anticipated. The Bianco lacked not only flavor, but ingredients. Half a slice of mozzarella per slice of pizza? When you don't even have sauce? I basically ate bread. The Marg... lacked everything but sauce. A very decent ration of sauce but no toppings. Probably had 3 spinach leafs on it. The pepperoni... do I even have to start? There's more pepperoni in a lunchable. 
While sitting at the table dreading our soon to be payment for the meal we regretted, my roommate took it upon himself to order pizza from Magazine Street Pizza (Great Idea! Go there!) Bottom line, if I could give less than one star I would. This isn't pizza. This is bread with or without sauce depending on your preference for $14. 0/10 wouldn't recommend to a friend.The BEST pizza I've had in NOLA by far! The dough is toothsome! The sauce is FRESHHHHH! The toppings are perfectly portioned! I loved it! I LOVED IT!
My favorite food is pizza. I've had pizza all over Chicago and this place now holds my number one spot over Pequod's. Well, I take that back because Pequod's is deep dish so they're both number one hits! 
Wood is solid. I wouldn't dare go to any other place for pizza in New Orleans!I recommend the roasted scallops, the dish includes cauliflower and almonds in a savory sauce. Quite delicious. My only disappointment was that the $15 dish was served with only two scallops (which were admittedly large and perfectly cooked)They've got a large outdoor space that's perfect on a good day - and it's also set up well if you live nearby and want to bring your dog.  As for the food, pizzas are quite good - kind of a mix between New York, Neapolitan, and modern pizza styles.  The crust is New York Style all the way and despite the wood burning oven you don't find the same scorching that you get on a traditional Neapolitan pizza but the size and many of the ingredient combinations are fairly common for Neapolitan.  Then you get things like a Shrimp pizza, and "modern" options such as choosing between tomato, garlic cream, and pesto as the base sauce or adding goat cheese, gorgonzola, eggplant, etc.
The starters looked decent and the burrata with a spring pea "pesto" was pretty good if a bit under-seasoned and not exactly what you expect as a "pesto".  The beer list is very large, cocktails are okay with a standard list of options, and wines by the glass is a small and marginal list but there are a few decent options.  Overall though, the pizza is really good and the patio is nice so I'll definitely be back.Very cool ambiance and great pizzas! 
I like the festive Halloween decor they had al over and the servers were great. We were starving after a long day of lectures and events at the convention (and eating bland cold sandwiches the convention provided is that day) so I looked on yelp for nearby walkable locations for dinner. 
We arrived before the dinner crowd and were seated quickly. One friend had the dinner sized salad which was a decent portion and my other friend and I did the "build your own pizza". It's $10 for the base (white garlic or red sauce) and an extra $1 for each extra topping. I had mushroom and caramelized onions which were both very delicious. My friend had sausage, mushroom and arugula. It took a while for them to come out but it was worth the wait. Very good thin crust pizza! 
I would recommend this place to anyone who wants some great quality food close to the convention center.We came two days in a row! (Walking distance to/from convention center) I'd recommend the mushroom or sausage pizzas with any of the broad selection of beers.  The heirloom tomato salad was tasty with the balsamic vinaigrette and mint.  Of most pizzerias this one can pack complex flavors onto their crust. Cant decide?...ask for half / half.... Ps i like supporting restaurants using real woodburning ovens...And waitstaff rated 5 stars both days!Stopped in Wood to have a drink.  Had been driving by it and it looked like a cool place with a nice patio.  I talked to a server and asked if we could just grab a table and have some drinks.  She asked if we were eating, which we weren't, and then said we could either 
A.  sit at the bar, or 
B.  order drinks from the bar and then sit in their "perimeter" seating.  
It was a Saturday night and they were less than busy with probably 8-12 tables wide open in the patio area.    Whatever; we ordered drinks and sat at the bar.  The bartender (who seemed like a new employee) was great and very eager to help with drinks and talk about the beers.  Had it not been very warm in the bar from the pizza oven we would have stayed with her but instead decided to hang on the "perimeter". 
We felt as if we were outsiders looking in this place through the fence, not allowed to come inside because we weren't eating, just drinking.  After finishing our drinks we opted to leave instead of walk to the bar and get another round to return to the "perimeter" seating.  I love this concept of seating.  
There was a server convention/smoke break going on to the side of the building so we decided to return our glasses to the bar instead of leave them available to anyone walking by the perimeter.  
Wood, we won't be back.Stopped here after King cake fest - great location - loved the outside seating - boyfriend loved the 40 beers on tap - scallops were amazing and the pizza was delicious - we had the four cheese, pepperoni and a build your own and Caesar salads - service could've been better but they are new and still working out the kinks! Will definitely go backThis is my first time in New Orleans and of all things, I was craving pizza.  So a friend of mine recommended I go here.  The location is great and I enjoyed sitting outside on the patio.  It was so nice.  I had the fried shrimp skewers for my starter.  Those were GREAT!  I wish I would have gotten 2 orders of those.  Then I had the 4 cheese pizza for my main meal.  It was just average.  One of my slices, was more bread than it was cheese.  It was ok, nothing special.  For my drink, they had this Appleton Mojito, which was not good at all.  So my waitress was kind of enough to switch it for another drink, the Bahada Island.  It was a sweeter drink, but still just ok.  Above all, my waitress was fabulous! She gave awesome service and constantly checked on me, which I really appreciated.  Many of the other people that worked there were also really nice.  They stay open really late, which is a plus.  If I were to go again, I would definitely get the shrimp skewers!Downtown New Orleans can be a challenging place to find good, vegetarian-friendly restaurants. This is a real treasure.
We were in town for the ASHP National Conference (about 50% of the planet's population in one place), and found a few pretty good places near the Convention Center. Wood Pizza was the best. We found this one in spite of the hotel staff (who though Cochon Butcher might be a good bet for vegetarians!). The reason is that Wood Pizza is new in town; if you look on Google Street View 2014 it isn't even there.
The outdoor patio is very attractive; we didn't even set foot inside the restaurant. The servers were amazingly friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. I was a little disappointed that that broccoli di rapa, which is on the online menu, wasn't on the menu at the restaurant, but we had the Mediterranean olives and the flatbread with white bean spread instead. Both were amazing, but the white bean spread is worth a trip to New Orleans all by itself: it seemed to contain eggplant, olive oil, and a subtle mix of herbs, besides cannellini, and tasted amazing. The small house salad was huge and wonderful.
The pizzas are works of art. My wife and I shared a Margherita, and our daughter-in-law ordered "shrimp pizza without the shrimp," essentially a Margherita with onions baked on and fresh arugula added after baking. The crusts are thin and crisp. The cheese was fresh, high-moisture mozzarella. There were ribbons of fresh basil that still had their aroma on both pizzas.
The only thing I can say about the beer list is that, if you like IPAs, the Chafunkta Voo Ka Ray is the ultimate. We didn't try anything else.Great service with quality food and tasty pizzas. We sat right at the "pizza bar" and my kids enjoyed watching them make their pizzas. One of the pizza chefs even gave them some free plastic dinosaur toys to keep them busy. Great find right next to the WWII museum!Okay, so went to this place on the 17th of January. Sat outside. Took about 20 minutes just to be acknowledged. After ordering drinks & appetizers it took another twenty minutes for just the appetizers to be delivered. Our drinks (2 bottles of beer) finally came when we were almost finished with our appetizers. After appetizers we ordered 2 pizzas. They took 35 minutes to come out. The food was pretty good but the service is "NON-EXISITENT" 
Monday we had the in-laws in town and tried to call for pick up.... No answer... So we called Slice :-) They answered immediately and we had some good pizza for a reasonable price.
Fast forward to today (Saturday 07 Feb 2015) Just called to place an order for pick up... this is what we were told "They weren't taking phone orders today" so we asked if they were busy and were told "NOT REALLY" and that "we had to come in to order".
All we can say is "THREE STRIKES YOU'RE OUT" What were these people thinking about when opening a customer service based business? Absurd!
Anyways...if you want good pizza whether dining in or calling for take out... go with a trusted favorite of ours and get THE SLICE on St Charles.
This "WOOD PIZZA BISTRO & TAPHOUSE is a joke! Won't last long with that kind of service!So I feel bad writing this review after hearing so much hype but it's deserving of my experience and very likely due to the server we had. So first off we ordered some brews from their large selection of beers and was thirsty and ready for a cold one after walking over there from the Marigny. The waiter came back about 15 minutes later to take our food order yet still no drinks delivered. Although we reminded him he came back next with a starter of Brussels sprouts and still no drinks and asked again ummm drinks???. Final after getting the beers mine was flat and warm  waste of $6.50 
Then as we watch tables who ordered and arrived after us with another server begin to leave one after another our entrees were delivered one of which was completely wrong. What was supposed to be shrimp skewers came out and a 4cheese pizza and the server was at fault as there was never a mention of a pizza for that person. The one pizza we did deliver was a make your own pesto with artichoke and arugula and it was INCREDIBLY GREASY. By the time the waiter came back with the forgotten skewers he only delivered 2 and said the other 4 would come out later....LOL WHHAAATT?? 10 minutes went by and the other 2/3 of the skewer order (now over an hour after originally placed) and we told him to forget it and give us the bill. Honestly the server was clueless and the food disappointing. Not an experience that will bring me back.The chicken and artichoke pizza was very good. We also had the fried Brussel sprouts which were to die for. I am not a Brussel sprout fan but I would highly recommend these. The pizza and appetizer were more than enough for the two of us. Great beer selection and great service.We planned to eat somewhere else last night and decided to stop in here for a beer on the way. We ended up ordering a margarita pizza and a bottle of wine both of which were so good we came back again tonight for round 2! Highly recommend both the food and the service! Will absolutely be back on our next trip to NOLA!I have visited this place twice now and really enjoyed our experience. The inside is small but neat. Great smell of pizza and wood fire. Large outdoor seating with umbrellas, canopy, and several large fans that made al fresco dining in August enjoyable. The hostess was very amiable. My husband and 3 yr old ordered a pepperoni pizza and really enjoyed it. I had the shrimp Cesar salad which I thought was great. The pricing is also very reasonable. I would highly recommend this place.Sat at the bar and watched the bartender pour 4-5 different wines into a "red pour" measuring carafe without ever washing or rinsing it out. No thank you, I prefer to drink the wine I ordered, not a left-out mixture of what the past few people ordered.Worst service I have received in a long time at a restuarant. It took our waiter fifteen minutes to bring our drinks to the table. Our appetizer was forgotten and we saw our waiter a total of 3 times. We felt forgotten by our waiter. I was very upset because I had been wanting to go to this restuarant for a long time and we will not be going back. We were also overcharged on our bill but by the end of the meal it was just a drop in the ocean to all the service problems we received. I don't understand how the food could be so good but the service was so horrible.Stopped in for a work trip to grab lunch here. Ordered a local beer (Abita) as the waitress wasn't familiar with the beer menu. Pretty confident she was high as she had issues understanding questions about beer n food...... Anyway.... Ordered the mushroom pizza which was really good and sampled a freinds sausage an artichoke which was equally good..... The only negative I really have was the billing....they have a 5 or more policy it all goes on one check... Which in a world of debit an credit cards... That's a pain in the ass an to mention it usually kills a good tip as a group vs individually......Okay super friendly staff, crispy thin crust pizza! The meatballs were amazing, the fried cheese balls were good too. Bartender and the pizza cook were great! The bartender/cook guy made us Shandys. Draw back here was our waitress was nice but soft spoken, awkward and mumbled her words. On top of it I drop my paper napkin on the floor. Then she picked it up off of the floor and put back on the table in front of me! About flipped my lid on her. I will be coming back for the food just hope I don't get her again. Could've been 4 stars.Great place to sit outside while enjoying pizza and beer. 
Food: Enjoyed the mushroom pizza and the scallop appetizer.Hmmm...  The jury is still out!  
Food- The taste of the food is pretty good and quality is awesome.  I do need to order extra sauce for the pizza and there really isn't a lot of toppings on the pizza, but the crust and flavor is awesome!
Space/ Ambiance- Probably the best part about the place.  They did an awesome job creating a great space inside and will be awesome when it is a great patio weather!
Prices- Some of it is a ripoff and some is reasonable... Salads prices are a ripoff!  Their caesar salad is great (I mean it's lettuce, dressing, cheese and croutons)... Anyways, the (to go) portion is A JOKE!  An $11 caesar salad should be an entree salad and not a side salad.  I had 5 bites of lettuce with no protein for $11 (seriously).  Pizza prices are fine, although beware you have to order extra sauce and/ or cheese because there is not a lot on there and then the price of your pizza increases.  
Customer Service- Very spotty!  I could go into details about their phone not working one night, or how they did not take to go orders over the phone a few days later, etc, but I hope they have resolved all of those issues by now.  But to be honest, the customer service experienced during those issues left a bad taste in my mouth though.  Although, I did have a nice customer experience eating at the bar once during an early lunch on a cold friday afternoon.  
Overall, I will still give them another chance or two since they are new.  I really want this place to be succeed and be awesome, so I only hope things improve and they work out all the kinks!!!Bam! 5/5. Great pizza great tap selection. What else can ya ask for? NOTHING. The crust is outta this world. I get a prosciutto and roasted red pepper pizza. Its honestly one of my favorites of all time. People who work there are very personable and my dog zach always killing it.Food was good  but service was slow. I will give it another chance but they need to be more on the ball.We walked in on a Saturday night to a fairly empty patio and inside. Being from out of town, we weren't sure how seating worked, so we wandered around looking for someone to help us. We waited around outside for a bit while a server walked past us. Then we tried going inside to look for someone, and there was a woman working the bar and another woman making the pizzas. Neither seemed to care that we had walked in and were looking for a table. No clear signage or direction as to how seating works here either. The whole situation was rather awkward, as we walked around the restaurant passing various staff who couldn't seem to care that we wanted to eat there. Atrocious customer service, so we walked out.I stopped in for lunch, largely because Butcher was packed. The meatballs and salad were fine. Nothing to get excited about. I didn't imbibe- but I think it might be a better place for a drinking lunch. I also noticed a lapse in service. While the hostess was amazing and on top of it, the servers failed to even give us silverware until we had our meals and ASKED. The salads came out AFTER the hot food...Could be better!Our food took a long time due to high volume BUT the manger was very accommodating and so was our server Alexandria. Great pizza!!A friend and I came here a few hours earlier to meet up with some other friends who ordered some mushroom pizza and the margarita pizza. I didn't really like the pizza at all, but maybe it was because it was cold? We did come at the end of the meal after all, so who knows? Maybe the pizza was better when it first came out. Anyway, I forgot who our server was, but she was nice and attentive. The people we met up with left and my friend and I moved into the bar. We sat for about 10 minutes when the bartender told us he'll be right with us. Another ten minutes had gone by and he still never helped us. Since we had other things to do, we left. 
Maybe about two hours later, my friend and I were in the area again and found ourselves hungry so we came back. It was horrible! Firstly, it took a while for our server, Nicole, to even get to us and get our drink orders and then even longer for her to deliver it to us. 
Anyway, we ordered two things: the fried calamari and the roasted scallops. It didn't take that long for the fried calamari to come out, and the portion was fine. However, I feel like it wasn't seasoned enough and came with much more tentacles than it did with the body of the calamari itself; moreover, it was bit greasy. We ate very slowly, about 20-30 minutes just to eat the calamari and our scallops had still not come out yet. Then, Nicole came over and asked us if we wanted to order anymore food to which I reminded her that we also ordered the scallops. "Oh, the scallops, that's on its way." she said. Then, she proceeded to tell me that if I didn't want the scallops, it would okay. But since she said it was on its way, I told her I still wanted it. Then she said, "Oh there's not much tickets anyway so it should come out quick." The things she said and her demeanor leads me to believe that she actually forgot to put our order in.
Finally, our scallops came in a gigantic bowl but hardly anything inside. As my friend and I were getting ready to eat it, I noticed that they only had TWO scallops inside. TWO. They charge $15 for two scallops, each of which were maybe 1/8 of an inch at best. I called Nicole over and asked her if they really charge $15 for these two measly scallops? Apparently, they've had this discussion before and it was served by weight and size. I asked Nicole, "Is it okay if I send this back?". I didn't feel comfortable paying $15 for two small pieces of scallop. "Absolutely. You can do anythinggg you like!" Nicole said. I sensed some mockery in her tone as she said that. 
Later, she came back to our table and notified us that the head chef will be coming out to talk to us about the dish which he did. Will told me that they don't usually serve such a tiny portion; apparently they were out and decided that it was okay to serve me what they had left, even if it wasn't enough for one portion. However, he also told me that they probably only should have given me one more piece, which to be honest, three of those pieces could add up to one big scallop. He also said that these scallops were top of the line from Massachusetts. 
When I conveyed my doubt that two scallops for $15 was a good deal (I also told him I can get a small tray of big,fat scallops for $15, which I do at Restaurant Depot, Costco, etc.), he told me they gave the best deal and that Annunciation sells two for $22. I have two problems with this: 1. Annunciation is a more upscale restaurant, whereas they are a casual pizzeria. 2. I looked on Annunciation's yelp page and found this picture of their scallops http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/annunciation-new-orleans-2#Wh4RMz8OJeu69izs_tnROw
Notice that they had THREE scallops, (for $28) and they were big. Like I said, the scallops they gave me were each about one third of one of Annunciation's scallop. 
Now, the chef did offer to let me finish the scallops and which he would comp it, but I declined. He later came back and gave us a free dessert, the chicory whip cream, but we also did not touch that.
UPDATE
After my review, management has contacted me and taken full responsibility for the scallop not being prepared correctly. After looking at the other pictures of Wood's scallop dish on Yelp, I do see that the scallops were much, much bigger than the ones I had received. Although still pricey, that would have been more acceptable.
However, I would not change a thing about what I said about the service. Nicole was forgetful, made mistakes with my order, and her attitude was just very nonchalant. Definitely would never be served by her ever again!Such a great outdoor place to eat. The pizzas are amazing. The cheese balls and Brussel sprouts are also delicious. Everyday they have a different discounted special on top of happy hour!This place used to be great, but something has happened recently. All the old staff left which was very worrisome.  The new bartender, was literally stoned to the point that she stood at draft beer taps and almost passed out.  When I walked by last week, the door was locked and a sign said closed for "renovations".  No further details were given and there is no answering machine.  I wonder if, in fact, this place is finished for good.This place has a very unique location and a great vibe. The pizza is delicious and comes loaded with toppings but not in an offensive way. The beer list is assembled rather modestly. They have a few good selections but it could be more extensive in my opinion. Inside you'll find they have pretty much all of the hard liquor that you will need to fulfill your libation needs and the taps look pretty inviting. The people are friendly and the food is great and the atmosphere in cool to boot. Check them out!At the edge of the Warehouse District near the bridge, a beautiful and quiet (thanks to fence with vines) outside patio, great craft beer and wine selection including a dynamite Happy Hour (4-7 M-F) and wood-fired oven pizzas are the draw here. The sausage pizza was one of the best I've had anywhere and eating alone big enough so I took 3 slices home. Saw some earlier reviews about a bad service experience but am puzzled because both times I have been there it was excellent - friendly, not rushed and the serveuse gave me a free taste among two choices of beer when they were out of the one I wanted, I also saw them give tastings to people who just weren't sure what to have.  It's lightly trafficked, should not be a problem to get seated even with a group up to 8 or 10.  Highly recommend.We met the GM (I think?),  Spoon, who gave us all kinds of great advice on what to do in NOLA and where to go. 
The brussel sprouts here are the best I've ever eaten. Not joking! They rival my favorite at a place in Houston called Benjy's. Spoon gave me great advice on how to cook my sprouts perfectly at home. I am used to doing them on 425, but he advised the best way to get them to cook on the inside while getting the perfect crisp on the outside is to bake them on 500 degrees for around seven minutes. Oh, and instead of putting balsamic vinegar on before cooking, you should do it after.
The pizza was great too- we had what was the equivalent of the meat lovers and it was perfect.
Bartenders and pizza makers were all really friendly and knowledgeable.The staff is very unorganized. They had no system for taking orders. It took us over 30 minutes to get our waters. It took almost two hours for us to get our food... a pizza. Other tables around us were waiting over an hour for a salads. I would not recommend this place!The pizza is ok. Service is meh. The restaurant has some weird policies with large parties. There are a few pizzas on the menu but you cannot customize a pizza in a party greater than 8.... Weird....Such a great outdoor place to eat. The pizzas are amazing. The cheese balls and Brussel sprouts are also delicious. Everyday they have a different discounted special on top of happy hour!A great Yelp goldmine. The wood fired pizzas are so deliciously cooked up the cheese was perfect and crusts crispy. Decent tap beer and a large outdoor patio. Walking distance to the WWII museum.I'm not sure what is going on with this place but the place smelled like vomit and sewage to the point it was hardly bearable. Food was ok and service was descent but I'll tell you that something about the cleanliness of this place is off. Other than smelling like a port-a-let there is water seeping from the base of some walls, my wife saw a waitress not wash her hands after leaving the toilet, there is more that I observed but that's enough for now.So let me tell you about the time I waited 3 hours for 2 pizzas... Arrived @ 7:30 for a table of 5, and a group of 20 comes in 35 min later. The reason that's important is bc they sat before us and were served about 18 pizzas before our appetizer of Brussel sprouts even hit the table... Phew now that, that's off my chest... I can tell you that the food was pretty excellent but @ 10:30 I'm sure anything would have tasted great! The server was friendly and very on top of drinks and apologized saying they are only able to cook 5 pizzas at a time.. Needless to say I will not be a returning customer but if you are not in a rush and looking for not your everyday pizza joint hit this place up with a group of 2 (or 20) with a lot of time to spare. Good luck on your conversation, you'll need lots to talk about!Came in around 3pm on a Wednesday and we were the only customers in the place. Pizza was good and served promptly. The music playing was from the 80s/90s and it was all my favorites.Enjoyed the pizza and bruschetta . Neapolitan style wood fired pizza. Pizza was very crisp which I like but others might consider over done. Very limited offering other than pizza. Service was a little on slow side but they were busy and have only one oven. Good beer selection on tap. Patio was nice on a spring night. Short walk to bakery bar for dessert.Fresh ingredients! 
The pizza (chicken artichoke) we ordered was fantastic. My husband is a big red sauce fan and the pizza we ordered didn't have red sauce, they gave us a small cup on the side, it was GREAT!!Only stopped in for happy hour. Pretty courtyard. Great service. Yummy specialty cocktails. Pretty decent happy hour deals. I'm wanting to go back and try the pizza. A friend told me that their scallops are excellent.Off the beaten path as across street from gas station.   Only had drinks as was looking for happy hour place with outdoor seating.  Place cooled down by hanging fabric and numerous fans.  My mule was good though shandy lacked much taste.  Service was good and between happy hour and daily specials it is affordable.  Pizzas I saw coming out all looked good.Had 3 different pizzas at our table. All were delicious. We ordered Brussel sprouts and salads as well, all food was excellent.I can't say how the food was because I left due to the horrible service.  I cannot stress the word horrible enough. When my friend and I showed up to be seated in the open section, there was no hostess. We must have waited at least several minutes for the hostess to show up. Well, she did not. Nor did any other employee come up to us and ask if we needed help or to be seated. So, we went to the bar to order some food.  As I passed an employee, I mentioned that there was no hostess at the door.  Rather than say, "sorry sir, I can seat you or let me see if I can find the hostess" I just got a, "well she was out there and she must be doing something." Great, thanks for the help drone.
Anyway, the bar was no better.  Noone at the bar asked if we wanted something to drink or anything.  In fact, we had to ask for menus.  After several more minutes of this, we left the bar and decided to seat ourselves.  That's when the employees of this establishment finally paid attention to us!  One waitress told us we could not sit at a table in the open area without the hostess seating us.  Why?  Because it would be unfair to the other waitresses.  Anyway, i adivsed her we had seen no hostess since we got here.  After that, I got up and left.
I guess if you don't care about good service or a pleasurable dining experience this is your place. I can assure you I will not recommend this establishment to anyone. And to anyone who owns or works at this establishment, let me give you Restaurant 101 advice.  Of the great and fine restaurants I have eaten at, all have had outstanding customer service.  Not one of these places would ignore a customer or make no attempt to assist that customer.Went there tonight at 7 pm for dinner and had the rudest waitress I have ever had in all my years of dining out. It started out by me asking if they had sweetened tea, which was answered with "we have unsweet and there's sugar on the table in front of you". I figured she was maybe having an "off" night so I let it go. We ordered our margherita pizzas and were then told the restaurant was out of Roma tomatoes. We opted for the pepperoni pizza with basil instead. Five minutes later, the same waitress came over and said the restaurant was out of basil and wouldn't get their "shipment" until the following day.  When our pizzas did arrive, they were lukewarm at best (which was still a lot warmer than the service). By that time, we were sitting there with empty glasses that were never offered to be refilled. We never saw her again at our table until the check arrived. Horrible horrible service. We live in the neighborhood and used to really like coming here but will not give this place another chance.Went few weeks ago.  For starters there was no rush to take our order or bring our drinks.  Ordered salad and 3 pies.  Salad was pretty good.  Then they brought out one pie we ate couple pieces, 5 mins later asked about the other 2 and were told that one we got wasn't ours and other 2 would be out soon.  Wound up getting the other 2 (one was margherita) 10 or 15 mins later and neither were very good.  Nola is far from a pizza destination, but we've got few good places sooo . . . I think you known what I mean.  On the positive side, plenty of comfortable outdoor seating if you're interested in eating outside, and they're relatively new so maybe they'll work out the kinks.This place is a must go & eat for people who enjoy a real italian style crust pizza with a special twist to it (garlic cream on some of the pizza's instead of tomato sauce)...& the local sourced ingredients are the finest.
I was invited to a little Sunday special & exhibited my art just outside of the lovely garden in front of the gate. Such a nice spot & the way how Chef Will (worked at Besh restaurant prior/James Beard Award) was taking care of us was outstanding. Our waitress Natalie was the bomb too ...i only can say i'll be back & i highly recommend everyone to try this place out as well.Went back again last night. I tried the scallops because of the rave reviews. I was not wowed. Please note, the small order of the scallops includes two scallops only! I knew scallops were expensive but I didn't think it would be such a small portion for $15. We also had the seasoned flatbread with white bean--this was good, close to hummus and the bruschetta, which took a little longer to come out because it is baked--this was ok, quite small also. Tutti carne pizza was delicious! Service was alright; as a server, I've been on my phone several times when business is slow but my view through the night was 3 o 4 of the servers glued to their phones. I felt our server was trying to rush us a bit; she left while we were still there and transferred us to another server. We sat outside because the weather was beautiful. Overall, decent experience but I'm starting to think that I might be back just for the pizza.We stopped at this Pizza Bistro only because Cochon had a long wait. We were told to sit anywhere so we proceeded to sit on the patio since there was a heater out there and it was very chilly. A server noticed we were there after 10 mins or so and came over to give us a menu, mentioning that Alicia would be right with us. Another 15 mins or so passed and no one had showed up. The heat lamp had also turned off so we decided to just cut our losses and head back over to Cochon. Can't speak to their food but their customer service was definitely lacking.I was in town for work and pizza and a few beers sounded good on my last night. Pizza was great, beer selection was great and I enjoyed talking to the bartender. If it wasn't so hot I would've checked out the big patio in front. I'll be returning on my next trip to NOLA.Went here today to get away from the bustle of the saints game. Upon arrival, the "pleasant" hostess/bartender said "sit wherever" and walked away. Okayyyy. I sat at the bar and she said with an attitude "what do you want to drink??" To which I responded "I'm waiting for my fiancé to pull up." Looking confused (what the hell are you confused about women?!) she walked off. Not really feeling her vibe, I asked her if I could move to and open table instead of the bar area. She looked at me, as if irritated, and said "I guess, whatever" In the RUDEST way possible. That's what really set me off. Then she proceeded to pull the waiter aside to talk about me. Here's a helpful tip: maybe if you had a personality, you'd have more people sitting at your bar! The place had terrible energy. There was also another bartender who knew I was visibly upset and kept staring at me and listening in on my conversation with my fiancé. Weirdo. Even though there was a few people inside the bar area, the place was radio silent. Hmm...I wonder why? The workers give off such bad and unprofessional attitudes I can see why this place is plummeting. We ordered the pepperoni pizza and Margherita pizza. Both were fine but both not as good as they used to be. On top of that our waiter was picking the basil with her bar hands at the pizza counter and putting it right on our pizza in front of us. Okayyyy. My fiancé asked her for two glasses of water to which she responded "before I leave again tell me everything that you want". Excuse me? Water is served with every meal? You're not doing us a favor! But we will say our waitress was most pleasant of them all. I don't know how any establishment allows for bartenders to work at what used to be a good place with absolutely miserable attitudes. Back to the food. Asked for a side of anchovies. It was terrible and tinny in flavor. At least they asked me if I wanted it heated up. Sauce is not as good as it used to be. I used to order pickup and recommend this place  a lot. Never again.My husband and I stumbled across this pizza place at random. We were actually going to go to the restaurant across the street, but when we heard the wait was 1.5 hours, we headed here instead. We definitely had bad service from the get-go. Right outside their patio (which is the entrance to the restaurant) they had a 'wait to be seated sign' at a podium. We waited for about 5 minutes, as we watched waitresses running around like chickens with their heads come off. It was a Saturday night, but it did not seem busy at all. Maybe half the patio seated with 3+ waiters out there. Finally someone noticed us, and with a hurried voice semi-yelled, "Sit wherever you want!" We finally sit down, and it took us another 10+ minutes for one of the waiters to even notice us. He also hurriedly ran by telling us his name and saying he'd be right back, while basically throwing the menus at us. I mean really... the service was terrible. Between each time we saw him running throughout the patio, it would take him about 10 to come back to our table. 10 minute to get waters, another 10 to take our orders, etc.
Knowing the service was bad, we hoped the food would redeem the experience. We ordered a house salad and a meatball sandwich. Both were mediocre. Nothing special about them. Honestly tasted like something you could get at Subway...yikes. Food was brought out fairly quickly, probably about 15 minutes. Once again, the waiter quickly dropped the food off and  didn't check on us till we were nearly done with our food. Again another 20 minutes to get our check. It was honestly ridiculous. 
The plus side? Oh yes there's a plus side: The patio is awesome! Lights are stringed across, plenty of seating, music playing - it's a perfect spot for a late night snack or a good lunch... if only the food/service were better. They also have a bar inside with plenty of drinks, so I'm sure this is a good spot to grab a few and relax, but we just weren't impressed.Woah, woah, woah!  It took this place a month or so to get it together, but boy did they finally GET IT RIGHT!
Everything, from the pizza to the salads are now on point!  There is enough toppings/ cheese/ sauce on the pizza.  At first it was a bit on the bare side, but after a few weeks it is now AWESOME!  I would recommend the Bianco or the Sausage... actually any of them are great!
I ordered the caesar salad (dine in) and was large enough to split for 2 or 3 people now... Awesome improvement!!!!  They added 2 sizes of salads and I promise it does not disappoint.  By the way, I figured out why this is the best caesar salad in town, the dressing is not creamy and very fresh!
Anyways, went 4 days in one week, which would indicate that it deserves 5 stars or even more... Thanks for really listening to what the people want and keep it up!!!!Very cozy place.  Great atmosphere , service.,pizza , beer selection.
For enough from the touristy part of no its worth finding.Got here after our initial choice seemed to be closed. As we walked in, server seemed like she wasn't having it, but she eased up and even started talking and laughing with us. 
For a party of 3, we ordered 2 pizzas, a salad, the burrata, and the side of olives. The burrata was deliciously creamy and paired well with the arugula and dressing on the plate. The pizzas were thin -the way I like them- and crunchy and tasty. 
The place seems like a sports bar. Everybidy in there was watching the Saints play and lots of yelling with that, of course, but it feels pretty chill.This place ROCKS! Make sure you order the roasted scallops, to die for! And the pizzas are all thin crust, slightly well done, with a little char around the edges! All pizzas are cooked in an 800* wood fire oven. I have to say if you love NYC pizza, then this is the closest I have had here in Nola. It is dynamite!!!I wish I could write a review solely on the food.  Our food was good but their unwillingness to work with groups over 8 was annoying.  We had to have everything on one check and we're not allowed any special order pizzas.  The service was okay, but we felt like they didn't want us there.Great spot, cool vibe. The Tutti Carne pizza was excellent and they let us sample to find the perfect beer for our taste. Really enjoyed this place!I would love to comment on the quality of the food, but after sitting at a table for exactly 30 minutes without service, we left. When we arrived at 8:01 pm, we asked the bartender if we should seat ourselves. I interpreted his grunt as a yes. As we sat at our table, a waitress gave us menus and told us someone else would come to take our order, which was her reasoning for telling us she wouldn't be getting us waters for the table. 
We left, and walked three blocks to Flamingo A Go Go where we were seated and served water within 3 minutes.This place has amazing pizza and a great tap list, the sausage is rad.  He also made us next weeks specialty pizza which was phenomenal! Good service too, go here!Came here to switch up the pork-filled meals at Cochon Butcher on a Saturday night. The wait for a table for five was 35 minutes but the pizza bar was open (this provided far more interesting entertainment than the outside tables would have). 
My mom and I split a large house salad with chicken added. It was really good (yummy dressing!) but pretty small. The grilled chicken was tasty and cooked really well. 
The pizzas were just okay with super thin crusts. The four cheese had a really nice garlic & cheese flavor. My favorite pizza was the sausage pizza and the tutti carne was way too salty. 
Overall, this place is neat for their brick oven and extensive beer menu, but the meal will take a WHILE since there is only one brick oven used to cook everything! The cooks mentioned that the logs were damp from the weather which added to the cooking time. We waited 50 minutes for our pizzas after we finished our salad. 
On a side note: I would say the food safety can conflict with having a wood-fired oven. The logs are handled with the same large spatula as the pizza! I noted the cooks rubbing their faces and then stretch the dough. 
Two of my party think this place only deserves two stars since it was below average.This was a really great find in the Warehouse District. Great outdoor seating. Nice selection of draft beers and a full bar. We had the Fried Cheese balls, Caesar salad, and Pepperoni Pizza. The food was wonderful. The service was very good. Highly recommend this restaurant.Manfriend & I had the Bianco pizza + Coppa (11$) & Marinara + Pepperoni (10$). Both delicious ! Manfriend did say the pizza could use a little more sauce but I find that might be difficult because it wouldn't allow the pizza to be crispy? 
There's a ton of beers on draft too! I loved the Crooked Letter (5.5$)! The finishing had such a delightful nutty or chocolate after taste. Definitely try it. 
Affordable and delicious pizza. You get your money's worth. Beer prices are reasonable as well. & they open late. I am pretty sure I'll be visiting more times than I am welcomed. So, see ya soon!Ehh. Ok pizza. Nothing special. Very limited menu otherwise. Waitress was awesome and honest and steered us from other items we wanted but you could tell she didn't recommend. I really do appreciate that. Largish beer selection but didn't really impress me. The place was really dirty and the bathroom was nasty gross.  Two stars because it was really gross dirty. Would not be better than three even if it wasn't like a dirty butt hole. Will not be back soon/ever.Wonderful pizza. Such a great selection it's difficult to decide. 
Tried the Bianco. Some wine and beers. Everyone enjoyed the service , prompt seating and neighborhood feel to the place. 
Nice outdoor seating too.Not a great experience. We ordered the fried Brussels sprouts, cheese balls and bruschetta. Bruschetta was great. Cheese to fried crust ratio off on the cheese balls...and the Brussels sprouts tasted over cooked and under-seasoned.Jack the bar manager and Spoon pizza chef are the best!  15% discount on tv/film industry professionals and the best pizza in NOLA.  Service with a smile and great location.Hanging out in their outdoor seating me and some homies are destroying the delicious wood fired pizza and  tap beers.  Very very good pie.  It's probably going to take at least 30 minutes for the food, but oh so worth the goddamn wait.Very good pizza. Drinks are decent also. Service is so slow that I say I won't go back but I do! And every time the service sucks.Very European style. Overall the crust is nice and crisp  the toppings are full flavor I think I'll come back here again. The only thing I didn't like was a bit of workers there seem like they had a case of the Mondays. It was Sunday which they say is Sunday fun day. Hmmmm. I'll give them another shot.Great selection of beers. All half priced between 4-6. Good prices on some good food. We had the fried Brussel sprouts...very nice. And made 3 pizzas...one with the red sauce and a couple veggies, one with white sauce and a couple veggies, and their version of a meat lovers pizza. All were very good. Awesome porch/deck area.Came here just for drinks because they have a giant front yard (and it's literally across the street from Cochon). Their pizzas seemed... interesting to say the least. Didn't know blackberries on pizza was a thing.
Anyway, they have a good beer selection and decent whiskeys. Our first waitress was great, but she must've been at the end of her shift because when we ordered a second round, it took like 15 minutes. One of my friends ordered whiskey and rocks and by the time it came, it was mostly whiskey and water. Not cool.
Other than that, they have TVs inside for sports-ing, but the outside area is where it's at.Great Pizza awesome setting!!! Food was great along with the friendly staff. Places like this makes New Orleans so unique from anywhere else in the world! We had the Margherita pizza along with the fried Brussel sprouts as an appetizer. Everything was great and would highly recommend if in New Orleans.Super beer selection on draft! Awesome calamari! Great outdoor seating and within walking distance of the World War II museum.Yum yum yummy!!!  This place was delicious.  I had a salad, brussel sprouts (get these!!!!), and a delicious cheese pizza.  Service was a tiny bit slow but... they bake and cook rather than un-freeze and defrost.  So worth it!Not a fan. Tried it once and it was lousy. Even with extra cheese it only had cheese on half the pizza so the rest of the toppings fell off as you tried to eat it. The wood fired gimmick can't make a bad pizza good.The crust consistency seems to fluctuate.  Overall, it's an incredible pizza and a great value.  Love the atmosphere.  We love this place.I have such mixed feelings about this place...
I loved the ambiance of the outdoors seating area. It was really cute, and enjoyable. But- good freakin' lord! I don't know man... Maybe my boyfriend and I just came at a bad time and day.  
First of all- 
We were told that the wait time would be about 30 mins.  Okay, that's fine. He and I went walking around and came back. We waited for a little while longer and was given seats on the patio. The waitress came and gave us our menus,  came back,  took our drink orders, and left again.  She came back and we ordered a Old Fashioned and a Abita Strawberry. Which were both cheap.  I think $9 and $5-6? We were getting so aggravated at this point seeing that she was tending to other people more so then us AND because we didn't get our drinks til 45 mins in after ordering.  Ugh. 
On to the next-
She came back to take our order and we made sure we put in our entire order (knowing it'd probably take forever).  We ordered the "Roasted Scallops" as our appetizer ($15) and decided to do the "Build Your Own Pizza" which comes with 2 toppings ($10) and extras would be $1. We decided on a chicken and shrimp pizza with mushrooms and arugula and garlic cream.  We waited another freakin' 30-45 minutes for the appetizer to come out.  And excuse my language,  but that SH*T was portioned so small! Being that I was so hungry and by looking at the price- I definitely didn't expect for it to be so small. I mean,  it's a appetizer and all but damn.  It came with only two scallops and a few bits of cauliflower and almonds.  It was good, and I liked it but it was definitely not worth $15... 
Theeeeen,  we waited another 30 minutes for our pizza to come out.  Keep note- she never came to our table to asked if how we were doing nor did she apologize or say sorry about the wait.  But was tending to other tables so well.  Blah.  The pizza was just okay... I mean,  nothing super spectacular.  I was beyond starving at this point so the pizza itself tasted like heaven.  But thinking back on it- it really wasn't "all that".  
Prices seem to be reasonable. Certain things just aren't worth it.  And once again,  the scallops were so not worth it.  Lol.  Our bill came out to be $45-46 dollars. Idk,  over all- I feel like I may need to give it another shot to get a better feel out the place. It was probably just a bad time and bad day.  But that's just if I decide on coming back.  Better service would have definitely saved the poor rating.Pizza and a decent selection of beer in the Warehouse District of New Orleans.... Pretty hard to screw that up, right?   WRONG!
I will just come out and say it, this place really sucks.   Try Dominica or Louisiana Pizza Kitchen. 
The Saturday of Easter weekend we called up Wood Pizza Bistro and Tap House and attempted to make reservations for a party of 11 adults and 3 children for 7:30 PM.  We were told that they don't take reservations, but we should arrive around 6:00 PM because they get busy in the evenings. (no big deal, we were appreciative for the recommendation to arrive earlier) 
We arrive at about 6:00 PM.  There is sewage flowing from their mechanical room across the sidewalk into the street right next to the main entrance to the patio.   There is also a port o pot toilet on the patio for patrons with no means of washing hands.  Patrons use this restroom the entire time while we eat.  I bring my kids inside to use the restroom which is still open and I assume that it flows into the street when the urinal flushes.  
We walk in and immediately overwhelm the staff.   The restaurant was not at all busy with maybe 20 other patrons dining when we arrived.  Our waitress, who I believe I read about in other Yelp reviews based on her "pleasant" demeanor, is immediately rude and attempts to turn us away because our group is so "large".  They would not allow us to pull together two patio tables because it would be too confusing.   We end up splitting up with two tables.   One with 9 and the other with 5.  
We were told that we could not order any personalized pizzas because we had too many in our party.   We could only order pizzas listed on the menu.  We should have left at this point, but some in our party were dead set on eating here.  This was a big mistake with all the other great places to eat within walking distance.
The waitress only gave us three menus between the 14 of us and took 20 minutes to return for our drink order.   My sister tried to order a glass of wine.   They were "out" of three types before she gave up and asked for water.  
The Neapolitan Meatball appetizer (beef, pork, veal Tasso) looked good on the menu so we gave that a shot.  Three flavorless meatballs for $10   I have had better frozen meatballs from the grocery store.  The fried Brussel sprout appetizer was great.   
At our table we ordered a pepperoni pizza, a mushroom pizza, a margarita pizza, and they agreed to let us order a pepperoni pizza with black olives added.  The waitress ensures us they have black olives. (My kids for some strange reason won't eat a pizza without black olives.)  None of the pizza was anything special.  All of the pizzas come out and everyone is finished eating before the kid's pizza even arrives.  When it arrives, no black olives....It has whole brown olives on it.    
As the kid's pizza is arriving a family of 16 walks in and are turned away by our waitress because they cannot accommodate their party.   Other than my family there were 5 other tables occupied in this place.    It was the strangest thing I have ever seen in a restaurant.  As we are about to leave, the waitress turns away another party of 10.  At this point the restaurant is cleared out even more.  
In summary don't waste your time here.  Shame on me for not walking out to begin with, but I guess I would not have had the opportunity to write such an illustrative review here on Yelp had I done so.  I will say that the waitress was consistent.  She was rude from the moment we walked onto the patio until the time we left.   We enjoyed the forced tip on the receipt at the end of the meal.  That is likely the only way she is capable of making ends meet in the service industry.  If you want good pizza try Dominica or LA Pizza kitchen, even Dominoes will treat you better.  If you ignore everything I have written and still want to give this place a shot, call ahead and order the Brussel sprouts to go.   That way they have ample time to fill your order and you get to avoid the sewage on the sidewalk, the port o pot next to your table, and interaction with the wait staff.  
With the level of customer service offered here and the way they turn away customers Wood Pizza Bistro should be closed in the next 30 days.Went for lunch at 12:30 on Tuesday. Busy but we sat and waited for service. Ordered a pizza and salad to share and 45 minutes we were still waiting watching others who came after us get served by more competent waitresses. After telling us "7 minutes more" , 20 minutes later we asked where our food was only to chastised for coming at lunchtime! We cancelled our order and she said " you have to pay for your sparkling water (" 1), which my colleague did and we left. Pathetic excuse for a waitress. Needs better training. Never again.We came to this restaurant after spending some time at the convention center for a conference. We only waited about 10 minutes for a table and the menu looked pretty standard for a wood fired pizza place. 
Pros: 
-the caesar dressing was oil based, light, and delicious. 
-We had the bianco and margarita pizzas. They were cooked well. Loved the ricotta cheese on the bianco!
Cons: 
-the service was terrible! We waited until after our salads were delivered to receive our drinks. And we had to remind the server we needed drinks.  
-we ordered only 2 pizzas. There were tables that arrived after us who ordered 2-6 pizzas who were served well before us. When we asked our server (who we rarely saw) about our food she said it was coming. Over an hour later we approached a manager who said she would check the food. The manager came back to the table and said that since we had ordered salads that we were put at the bottom of the list. When we shared that the other 4 tables around us also ordered salads and had their pizzas even though we had arrived much earlier, and that was very frustrating for us, the manager actually said "well we've all had a bad day and I am frustrated too." We saw our server only to pay our bill, which totaled around $40 after the $10 discount offered by the manager. 
Perhaps it was just our server, and that the manager was stressed. However, the rudeness and poor service we experienced left a bad taste in our mouth--even though the food was pretty good.More of a bar than a restaurant. We weren't feeling the pizza... cooked fresh but barely any toppings. We left hungry. You would think with the brick oven right on the room the pizza would be incredible, but it was mediocre.Great choice.  Sat outside during a cold snap, and the heater mounted on the ceiling kept us just right. The pizzas were delicious and exactly as we ordered.  Had a couple of cocktails, both perfect. Not crowded, nice ambiance.  The service was attentive.  Short walk to the hotel.I love the pizza here.    It's in my neighborhood , but am really worried about the longevity of it. The last two times we've been here have been iffy. Once we walked in an hour before closing and they were shutting down and only offered us a takeout pizza. We declined and went to another local restaurant across the street and spent our dollars. Tonight the pizza was good but out of 10 bottles of red wine offered on the menu they only had 3. Unacceptable. They were understaffed, however our waitress was working her butt off.  No fault of hers. Ownership needs to realize that things are not going well. We like the restaurant in our neighborhood - please take care of business. 
Update 6 months later
OWNERS-please take note!  Attention needs to be given to service. I called in for 2 take out pizzas as we were driving back to town from an LSU game. The woman who answered was just short of rude. Told us it would be an hour and a half wait. We agreed even though she obviously did not want to take our order and tried to discourage us from ordering. When we arrived to pick them up they were stone cold - had apparently been sitting on the counter for at least 30-40 minutes. Be realistic- don't tell me it's going to be an hour and a half to try to dissuade me from ordering. I'd rather have to wait for a few minutes for a hot pizza than get a cold one!
Every "bad" review talks about service. There are too many places in the Warehouse District to put up with the service we repeatedly get. We will now go elsewhere.Very quant small tap room with great selections and wood fired pizzas.  Lots of LA beers that other places don't carry.  As for food, that is it but the beer selection is awesome.   And if you like pizza it is awesome.   Kaitlin at the bar will take good care of you.Table was dirty and had water all over it. Pizza was decent, but no where near "good". We ate it out of hunger, but I would never come to this place. Server was a little quirky, but very nice.  This place has potential, but seems to be unkept and seems like the owner is a no show. It was difficult to tell if they were even open.Our group tried 4 different pizzas - all fresh and perfectly cooked. Great atmosphere. Happy hour and broad drink selection. Will be back.We stopped by here on our last night in town. There was a water issue in the area so they only had soda in cans, bottled water, and, of course, alcohol.
We each had a pizza. Mine was chicken parmesan and he had pepporoni & sausage.
The pizza crust was delicious. It had a nice crispiness to it. We enjoyed our pizza but we didn't love them. My husband said the Italian sausage was to salty for his taste. I enjoyed the chicken, fresh mozzarella cheese and red sauce on mine. It's just that I am not a fan of the large pieces of fresh herbs on my pizza. 
We gave the pizza that we boxed up to a man who appeared to need it much more than we did.Visiting from out of town and loved the patio and reprieve from heat, smell and crowds of the French quarter. Our server, Andrew was spot on with beer recommendations according to our taste! BTW great beer selection, because not everybody is an IPA lover, however there were plenty of those too.  Pizza was amazing. Thin, crispy and fresh. We had the sausage pizza and I highly recommend it. If I lived here I would be a repeat customer.Great pizza place. Wood oven smells amazing with Oak chip with pecan. Service is great at the bar. We ordered Caesar salad and didn't finish it all and when the pizza arrives I added Caesar on top of the pizza and that was super delicious!I love the pizza here.    It's in my neighborhood , but am really worried about the longevity of it. The last two times we've been here have been iffy. Once we walked in an hour before closing and they were shutting down and only offered us a takeout pizza. We declined and went to another local restaurant across the street and spent our dollars. Tonight the pizza was good but out of 10 bottles of red wine offered on the menu they only had 3. Unacceptable. They were understaffed, however our waitress was working her butt off.  No fault of hers. Ownership needs to realize that things are not going well. We like the restaurant in our neighborhood - please take care of business.They have awesome specialty pizzas. They even let you combine specialty pizzas, for example you can choose two different ones and they will make it half and half, for a whole pie. The staff is excellent! Plus, they have a large selection of beers on draft, around 40! Added bonus their prices are very reasonable. You can't go wrong here!Lovely outdoor patio.  The hostess was awesome!  Attentive and responsive while waitress was MIA.  Service was hostile and really awful.  Brussel sprouts and caprese salad were yummy- chicken was so over cooked it was like jerky... One pizza took an hour to come out-  service was a real low point!Beautiful oasis within the CBD with authentic wood fired pizza and plentiful local & other craft beers.
Relaxing on their patio overlooking their beautiful foliage sipping on a beverage. They have so many craft beers on tap it was hard to choose but the bartender & bartendress was very patient, using their brew knowledge to match me up with the perfect beer. While on the patio I spoke with very personable, friendly & knowledgeable staff. 
Wish I hadn't eaten before, their pizza looked awesome!I've been driving by this place, had no idea what the name of it was because there is no obvious sign.  One day the traffic was really bad so I just parked and ate.  First, I tried the scallops and cauliflower appetizer.  I don't know why I was surprised, but it was a warm appetizer.  Anyway the 2 scallops were tasty, and the whole dish well seasoned, not overly minted.  I could have stopped eating there, But I ordered the Bianco Pizza.  It was delicious with a crispy crust, and just the right amount of ricotta cheese topping. Next time I will order it with more red onion. Service was great (the inside seats about 25 and was half full, too cold for outside) and wine selection was decent for a place that touts its beer selection.Service was absolute excrement, and that's being gracious. We left before our wine or water/silverware was delivered. Waiter seemed stoned and the next table begged for their check at least 3x. Nevertheless we never tried the food, hence the one star. Upgrade service or have a buffet! This place had no idea what it means to wait unless you're the customer!Chose this place based on the ratings. Way off! Pizza took over an hour and was burnt. Service was horrible. No water refills. No silverware. And had to flag down waitress for ticket. On our way out, 2 other tables were complaining about the exact same thing and the chef/manager kept telling the "CUSTOMER" that the pizza came out on time 1.5 hours is 'on time'....
never again!I will admit that we stumbled across this place because the other restaurant we had planned on going to had no tables! After eating here I would like to send a thank you note to that restaurant because this place was spectacular!! We opted to sit outside even though it was in the middle of June but they had plenty of fans to keep us from ending up in a puddle of sweat. They have a really nice outdoor area and we sat at a table on their porch. Our appetizer was the fried cheese balls, and they were so good my husband and I were fighting over who got the last one! We ordered the tutti carne pizza and it was even better than expected! Great crust on and great flavors! Beer selection was really great. A lot of local beers on tap, and that's something my husband and I really appreciate!Great new pizza spot. Stopped by for a pepperoni and a beer and it was excellent. Pizzas come out quick and the ingredients are top notch. Braved the cold to sit with my pooch on the dog friendly patio (always a big plus). Although parking in the warehouse district makes me want to pull my hair out this spot is well worth the hassle.After a morning of running from the Bulls, me and my sister worked up an appetite. We ended up stumbling here and decided to get out of the heat and get a bite to eat. We ended up sitting at the bar because it was just way too hot to sit in the nice little courtyard area they have. 
The service as a whole was good and the pizza itself was delicious! The only complaint I might have is that it took a while to get our food, but that's because of the wood oven they use to make the pizzas, it takes longer than normal. But I can promise you, it's well worth the wait!Incredible service and great pizza. We had the margarita with sausage. Loved,and ordered another one. Very thin crust and the Brussels sprout are a nice surprise. Great beers on tap, wine selection ,and full bar.I hope the owner of this business realizes that a good product with fantastic potential for both local and tourist dollars is loosing money hand over fist because of a single waitress in the outside dining area. Rude, condescending and literally did not want to work.  Shame because we're fun and great tippers. Thanks much to the bartender for saving the day. I'll let you know how the carryout tastes. Smells great.Never have I ever left $0 tip, but I guess there is a first time for everything. When we first arrived we asked how long it would take for our pizzas to be ready and were promised 20 minutes. We were enjoying our drinks and talking but finally ran out of both drinks and alcohol. Our waitress never came back to check on us. We had to get up from our table to request water and order another round of drinks. We also asked about our pizza at this time and we're told they should be out shortly. All together it took about 40-50 minutes for 2 medium pizzas and 2 salads. During this time our waitress did not check on us at all. When we asked for an explanation they claimed they were busy and the manager said she would take care of some of our order, so we left it alone. 
When the bill came the total was $125. Wow! We have had better food and service for a lot less than that. When we noticed the manager didn't take anything off as promised we let her know. She kindly took 15% off. When we received our bill again there was no pen to sign so we asked the manager for a pen (again we had to walk to her) where she responded with "I guess". We just signed the bill and left. 
As we left we realized they were not busy at all. They had probably 6-8 tables seated with 5-6 employees. They need to get it together! If I could give zero stars I would.This place is fantastic, the pizza is excellent, the cheese balls and meatballs were perfect. We ate out on the patio and the server was great. We had a big party of 9 and the service was fabulous.I was very disappointed in the service in both from the kitchen and the bar.  I enjoyed the pizza but they lost 1 of the orders and the bar service was very slow.  If the bar would of been more efficient in getting out the drinks i would of provided a more favorable rating.  
The beer selection if excellent.
The main issue is the pizza oven can not handle the size of the restaurant.  It take too long for it to come out.  If the drinks came out quickly that would assist in not making it seem like we have been waiting so long.
Don't go during Jazz Fest, they will not be able to handle the volume.
I liked the space and hope they can correct the pizza over issue and especially the management of the staff.  The chef was trying but they need a strong manager to take over since the server's and bartenders were wasting a lot of timeCame on a Friday evening before the rush and service was pretty slow. Outside seating is very nice. Pizza is not what you are used to. We got the sausage pizza with red sauce and it had carmelized onions, roasted peppers and slices of mozzarella al on a thin crust. The flavor of the pizza was great but hardly any cheese. Would have liked more mozzarella or at least Parmesan on the table.On a rainy evening in New Orleans, walking into Wood Pizza immediately warms the soul.  The oven is beautiful and each dish is prepared with care and attention.  The salads and starters come in a nice round bowl that's reminiscent of family style so they are easily shared.  If you're tempted by the oven roasted scallops...Do It.  Cooked to perfection and served atop cauliflower florets with sesame seed, mint, marcona almonds and a drizzle of yogurt sauce, this dish exemplifies the fresh perspective and balanced style of Wood.  
Oh! And the pizzas are awesome...we did the sausage with roasted red peppers and carmelized onions - sitting at the kitchen bar let us watch the preparation, baking and final touches - can't get more fresh than that!
Finally the brews, great selection of local and crafts from around the world.  In a word, Wood Pizza and Tap is awesome - check it out!
Great spot.Pizza and service is great! Nice spot to chill with friends and drink. I love their thin crust pizza!  All toppings are fresh and delicious.  People who work here are really nice and give you great friendly service.I've been here 6 times and mostly it's a hit. Tonight missed badly.  Sat at the bar. Service was good as usual. The pizza was....soggy.  Only crispness was near the crust and event that wasn't crisp.  
It was the Four Cheese and the toppings were fine but the crust had the texture of Pizza Hut.Great pizza! Went in a group and everyone had a different pizza- and everyone raves about how good it was! The crust was pretty light and crispy- and the ingredients are all fresh. Super good!I hope the owner of this business realizes that a good product with fantastic potential for both local and tourist dollars is loosing money hand over fist because of a single waitress in the outside dining area. Rude, condescending and literally did not want to work.  Shame because we're fun and great tippers. Thanks much to the bartender for saving the day. I'll let you know how the carryout tastes. Smells great.
Update: Pizza was great. Still bummed out about patio service. Caveat emptorThe location and entrance into this restaurant was great. Seen it had great reviews, so decided to try this place since it was near the warehouse district. As we approached and walked into the courtyard, the area was clean and had a relaxed vibe. My husband and I went into the restaurant to be seated. The waitress told us to just pick a seat. I told her we would like to sit outside and she ignored me. I asked for a menu and she just pointed for me to grab one. We told her we would sit outside again and she smacked her lips. I was starting to feel uneasy about eating here; however, we sat down. We waited a while and she came out and dropped the drink menus on the table. My husband asked for a moment and she again smacked her lips and walked away. I had enough and decided not to try the food. The waitress may have had a bad day and the food could have been good. Just a suggestion to the owner of this establishment, customers are coming to your business to enjoy your food and spend money at your establishment, so please ask the staff to treat them with a little respect to not lose other customers. We ultimately went to Manning's and enjoyed a wonderful meal over there.This is one of my fav pizza places. Pizza is thin, crispy and not greasy. The sausage is the best in my opinion with the most flavor. Huge variety of beers and full bar.SCORE!! We spent the morning in WWII Museum.... great btw. Need something to eat before heading to airport. Great choice. The pizzas are fab. Very thin, wood fired crust. There's a single person manning the small wood burning oven. Great beer and wine menu. Had the sausage and Titto Carne pizzas. Love that they serve pizza with a garlic cream base. There's lovely outside seating for the most part. As well as bar seating a few high tables inside. Don't miss this gem!This is a down to earth alternative to cochon across the street. We went there when cochon was too busy, it was a chill place. Lots of fun beers that I hadn't seen before including a cream ale. 
Lots of fun place, I'd go backA favorite spot close to our place. Just a cool place with great service and excellent pizza. 
The place also has quite a list of craft beer. This is a true Nola experience with a great outdoor area. 
******dogs are allowed here.  Awesome.I had the meatballs and my girl had the house salad.  She got her house salad about ten minutes after I got my small plate.  And then I asked for some bread to soak up the extra sauce which took another 15 minutes.  The meatballs were actually very good but the service was the worst I've had so far I new Orleans.  Very nice spot with great outdoor seating.  If the service was better id go back.Stopped by this place for a quick lunch around 1-2pm.. Had the worst service EVER. Waitress seemed upset from the moment we stepped into the place. There were 4 other patrons, her and what looked like a pizza chef.  Before we could order anything the waitress told us we'd have to be patient because she was the only one on staff. So as she took our drink orders (after we helped ourselves to the menu) i tried to put in an appetizer order and she said she couldn't take that order just yet because.. she was the only one on staff? Needless to say we did not feel welcomed and decided to go to the BBQ place across the street. Real shame.. smelled deliciousWhat a mess the service is at this place, ridiculous. We come with a party of eight people and they cant do separate checks? On top of that they couldnt run different credit cards so everyone needed to have cash, really, in the warehouse district? Needless to say we walk right out of here. Will probably never come back. We asked the manager to overrule this dumb policy on what was a slow day for them and the manager refused, I refuse to come back. We ended up at Blaze pizza.Normally I wouldn't write a review for a restaurant where I ordered a salad, but Wood's staff was so nice and welcoming. Those southerners really know good service.
My friend is vegan, so finding a vegan restaurant in New Orleans can prove challenging. Thankfully, our waiter was incredibly accommodating and even updated us when the kitchen had mistakenly added cheese to her pizza. He went above and beyond to ensure everyone enjoyed their food.
Fresh toppings and interesting pizza combinations make Wood a great stop for a quick lunch. I imagine it would be great for groups as they had a ton of community tables. Nice selection of beers on tap.After reading the recent reviews, our group was looking forward to eating at this restaurant.  We arrived at 10:00pm and they were open until 2:00am.  However, they said they would be unable to serve our group of 11 because they had 2 other groups arrive not long before us and they only had 2 servers for the area they were sitting us in and were afraid they wouldn't be able to handle another group.  We offered to split into 2 groups or wait, but they still chose to turn away our business.  
Our group consisted of 2 high school volleyball girls and their families, it's not like we would be a lot of trouble.  A local customer overheard the whole conversation & was kind enough to come over & give us several other options for that time of night.  Unfortunately,  none of those panned out as most closed at 10:00pm.  After walking for about 30 minutes,  we ended up having pizza (from another establishment) delivered to our hotel lobby.  Obviously would not recommend this restaurant!Wish I could have tried some stuff... But myself and 7 friends were just told by your server out back on the patio that you were full and had no room for us.... I looked in your door and saw a table or two empty....
Don't know what place wouldn't want a party of 8..... But this place obviously didn't need our $. By the way, the BBQ across the street is fantastic!Had the chicken and artichoke pizza to-go.  It was very good!  Every bite had all of the 'goodies' and the crust was cooked just right.Great pizza and good variety and awesome beer collection good attentive service ordered apps and pizza half off happy hr on apps was greatSeems like a pretty cool bar if the beer prices on the menu are accurate but they are still having some issues with getting the prices on the menu and those in the computer to agree so make sure to double check your bill.  The pizza here is very similar to Domenica and Ancora.  The crust has a nice consistency and taste while the pie is pretty light on the toppings.  The majority of the seating is outside and inside is all bar seating.  Parking is always an issue in this area but this seems like a nice addition to the neighborhood.I love thin crust pizza with quality ingredients. This is that type of pizza. 
It's not a pizza dripping with cheese and overloaded with toppings. 
I you prefer the former rather than the latter, this pizza is for you. We had two apps (cheese balls and Brussels sprouts) and two pizzas (Margherita and sausage/pepper). All were tasty and well prepared.  The apps were to be served with dinner but arrived early. That was the only misstep. 
Lovely outdoor setting. A faint smell of wood smoke wafts over the patio giving one a hint of things to come. Plenty of shade or sun. Your choice. Decent selection of beer and cocktails. I did not look at the wine selection.Ate here last night with a large group of friends, and not one of us left dissatisfied. We were seated immediately, outside, which was great for having a party of 8. Beautiful ambiance on the patio - only detraction was for not having fans to help cool us off and keep the termites out of our hair. But it was otherwise the perfect atmosphere for a rowdy birthday celebration dinner. 
Beer selection is great. We started with the fried brussels sprouts and shrimp skewers for appetizers. Get the brussels sprouts. Forever get the brussels sprouts. Huge serving, comes with a yummy dipping sauce and mixed in with a fair amount of prosciutto. Do not get the shrimp skewers. They were dry and lacking any distinguishable flavor.  
We ordered four pizzas - the margherita, the tutti carne, the blanco and the shrimp. I rate them in that order. Margherita was delicious. Crispy crust, fresh basil and mozzarella. And it was $10! Prices are phenomenal. 
Our server was quick and personable, everything came out perfectly timed, and our glasses were always full of delicious beer. 
Overall a pretty great experience.Been here twice in the past week now! Love the outdoor patio and the large selection of beers available. Pizza is delicious! Such a great flavor. Marinated olives are wonderful too!Stopped at Wood for lunch. As it was 1pm on a Tuesday, the place was basically empty. I sat the bar and the bartender recommended the Sausage Pizza and the Tutti Carne. I went with the sausage...it was great. Thin, crispy crust and great toppings....friendly and quick service. It's a great little spot in the Warehouse District.Cool place, disappointing pizza. 
The atmosphere is super neat. We didn't go inside as its tiny. The outdoor area is amazing!! Lots of cool shade sources and plenty of fans for warm days. 
The staff was super nice and helpful. They checked on us regularly. 
We tried the scallops with cauliflower, bruschetta, four cheese pizza and pizza Bianco. 
The scallops were very good. There was a mint yogurt sauce which was unique drizzled over the scallops and cauliflower. 
The bruschetta was pretty good. Cheese, tomatoes, garlic and all drizzled with balsamic. 
The pizza. The crust is the thinnest and crispest I've ever had. It was almost like a cracker. The sauce was flavorful. But the toppings - there were barely any toppings! I expect a pizza to have a fair amount of toppings. Cheese should be melted and gooey. I could have scraped all of the cheese off and fit it in a shot glass. I was fairly disappointed in the pizza. Shame. It's a cool place.