terrible food and the manager was shockingly rude when I tried to return my food. I had the frogs legs and they were rubbery and tasted awful. I was disgusted by her behavior and she should be ashamed of herself. I have never been treated more horribly by someone.Worst of the worst. Ordered three items and waited 40 minutes for the barbecued shrimp to come out. Told me the others were on the way. 10 more minutes and a small plate of rice came out as the Jambalaya. Asked what was supposed to be in the dish- chicken and sausage. No sign of either (or the catfish Poboy).  Finally gave up and asked for a refund which took another 10 minutes and refunded the wrong amount- at which point we had enough.  Stay away!!The food is disgusting. We watched the cook microwave all the food. Never go here. I didn't even eat the food2 stars for gumbo, 1 for the blandest, bleakest serving of red beans & rice ever! Really how hard is it to make red beans & why would you serve this NO fare without any seasoning at all? Don't waste time or money on this placeUnacceptable wait for food. After ordering and paying, were told they were out of bread for poboys, so refunded then ordered and paid again for etoufee. We were given the wrong food and had to wait even longer for our correct order. The crawfish etoufee was rubbery with a strong unpleasant aftertaste. Pass this place by folks!Ordered the gator bites and creole potatoes. Was told to wait and 15 minutes later I got my plate. The gator was just so tasty and the creole potatoes were awesome too. Have to add that their BBQ Sauce was really delicious. Reading all the bad reviews really makes me wonder if I was at the same place. The service was more than friendly and I left a happy person. 5 stars for some really good food!Fun spot in the lively French Market. Food was good. Service was a bit spotty at the counter, but not bad at all. HUGE menu full of inspired choices.#chifoodie #NOLAtourism #foodtourism #blackownedbusiness #blackbiz Highest rating.  Eating at this cafe in the middle of the flea market was the most pleasant surprise of our trip.  We had a Thanksgiving breakfast.  We sat at the counter-- 5 of us including 2 kids.  The staff was loving, called everybody darlin'.  I ordered vegetarian red beans and rice and cornbread.  My cousin had the greens.  Becuase she was sitting next two me I had both.  Delicious does not describe this place.  It felt like each plate was made with love.  The red beans and rice were simple and flavorful.  The counter offers a variety of hot sauces to chose from.  I chose the Chipotle with was a perfect paring.  The greens were tender, but not mushy filled garlic and spices.  The cornbread was my dessert.  It was a big hunk, soft and not too sweet.  Afterwards we shopped in the spice emporium and came away with the chipotle and the scotch bonnet hot sauces.  Our only regret of our trip is not returning to this place.  Highly, highly recommend.By far THE best shrimp and grits I've ever had. Stopped by just to pick up some spices. The staff was so professional and knowledgeable and steered me in the right directions. I even picked up some cooking tips. Was so happy with their service I decided to try their food. So happy I did. Glad I made the stop and I will be back for sure. And when I run out of their spices at home I can re-up on Amazon!They say that there is no bad place to eat in N.O.  Wrong! I found it. I payed $15.95 for a shrimp poboy and what I got was a sloppy French roll with a few shrimp(about the size of a nickle) and some lettuce. So disappointing. This was the most expensive poboy I've had all week and it was pathetic. Buy spices from this place, but do yourself a favor; walk a few spaces down and get a real poboy!The creole breakfast bowl. Not a fan of breakfast, usually don't eat it. But this was amazing. I'll be dreaming of this for months until I come back.We walked up to the counter and the lady said there was a long wait. We decided to go for a walk down Frenchman and return a little later. When we got back there was no line and we ordered. We had the Gator bites and Creole potatoes. Was it fancy? No. Was it good? Yes? We were actually surprised how good the food was coming out of this little shack. Maybe it's not for everyone, but neither is New Orleans.The line was long, the menu had a lot of options, so we stopped for some food. The line moved slowly, but not horribly. The wait for food to come out was ridiculous. We waited about 45 minutes before we got one dish from our order. It took about 15 more minutes to get the remaining 4 items. They said that 'stuff is ready at different times,' which I understand, but I'm pretty sure there would be a giant pot of grits and rice (as I write this, I realize we never got our order of dirty rice). 
The grilled soft shell crab sandwich was basically just a grilled soft shell with no meat on a big roll. 
Shrimp and grits with cheese and gravy was good, jambalaya was great, but for $4 extra for shrimp on it, I'd hope for more than 3 pieces of shrimp. Boudine 'sausage' was also good.The service is not that good here :( we came from CA and wanted to try the food from New Orleans. the staff was impatient, rude and pushy. I would definitely not come back. Save your money and go elsewhereGreat food. Great service. Will definitely come back the next time I'm in New Orleans. The alligator po'boy was amazing!Service is extremely slow, and my shrimp po-boy was more like a tomato sandwich. Not enough shrimp for $15.95. Super disappointed. Highly recommend against.Don't eat here! Worse dining experience I had in NOLA. To begin with, they're severely understaffed. This resulted in not only a long wait to order and be served your food at their lil bar stools, but also the food was cold. I had the jambalaya, which tasted like it was straight out of a Zatarran's box, which is fine if you weren't paying $10 for it. My mom had the grilled shrimp poboy. Much to her dismay the shrimp was not grilled and it was not large shrimp, but rather small baby shrimp. We never got a refill on our diet coke nor were we given water. Whatever you do, don't waste your money here at this tourist trap. There are plenty of other eateries to experience local fareStopped by to try their "Food Network approved" creole seafood gumbo. Don't do it - it's extremely fishy and flavorless. Also tried the Cajun Dirty Rice which had almost no flavor despite being a nice shade of dark brown. Walk past here and go to one of the many other shops in the French Market.OMG, OMG, OMG.  The seafood gumbo with okra is great!  Spicy as heck (yesss! )and they give you a humongous amount of gumbo when ordering a cup. Really,  a cup is a bowl portion and a bowl is a pot portion. Awesome hot sauces too!A great stop in the middle of the French Market. The seafood gumbo was delicious. My sister got alligator kebabs. Had a bite of my mom's jambalaya and it was tasty. Basically, anything you order at this walk-thru cafe will be fantastic.LOCATION- Located in the French Market, N'awlins Cafe and Spice Emporium definitely catches the eye. They sell racks and racks of hot sauces and spices, but also have a booth-like "restaurant" with local, gamey food such as gator sausages and burgers. 
SERVICE- Sorry not sorry, but this is where the one star heavily comes in. Two Asians walk into N'awlins... and how does that joke finish? Oh wait, it wasn't a joke because it happened in real life. I'll tell you how it went down. A handful of other parties were served before us, so not only did we wait a long time to put our orders in, but it also took forever and a day for us to get our food! By the time we finished our food and paid, the market was literally closing and daylight was gone. 
FOOD- It was ok. Definitely a bit on the oiler side, especially the fries. I ordered the gator burger because they ran out of gator dogs (womp). I finished it all, but I think the variety of hot sauces available made it more exciting and yummy than it would have been plain. Couldn't really taste that it was gator, but the idea of it was cool, I guess. 
Wouldn't come back to this market to eat food. Service is too slow and the food does not justify the long wait. Maybe get spices here, but there is also a Pepper Palace next to the entrance of the market...Horrible experience. Waited over 30 minutes and paid $14 for one crab po-boy that was basically bread and a poor excuse for garnish. Would recommend staying away from this place at all cost . Save your money and eat better next door at other vendors.buyer beware-300% markup on cafe du monde 12 ct keurig coffee $23!!! no receipts given!!! at cafe du monde they charge $8!!! cafe du monde has been alerted & i'm alerting better business bureau asap. i will personally boycott this pathetic excuse for an establishment that takes advantage of consumers & gives the french market a
bad name!Excellent crawfish pie and po boys. Located in the French Market with a Counter to sit and eat. Very very nice lady at the counter talks to everyone so it's a bit slow. They deliver too.I wanted to love this place. The biggest sign in the middle of the counter touted a crab stuffed avocado!! NOPE, big nope. They were out of that, and alligator. I love crawfish so I told the rude woman rolling her eyes at everyone in her slowest pace, I'd try the crawfish stuffed potato. What I actually got was a crab cake mashed up on top of a brownish colored, not all the way cooked, potato with a packet of sour cream. Food at Disneyworld was better. Yuk. Keep walking.The Creole breakfast bowl was absolutely delicious a little bit on the salty side and ask about all the ingredients if you don't eat certain meats. Bread was fresh, will visit again!Waited over 25min for my order which was inedible  when I got it. Avoid this place at all costs.Horrible, horrible service. Waited over 45 minutes for the food to come out, when told 20 minute wait. After confronting the owner, not a word of apology but, this is what he said..."do you want the food to come out raw." Food was not great at all. Never coming back here again. Not worth the wait at all.Mary B -- 1 star  Horrible! Horrible! Horrible! Worst place we ate at in New Orleans!
December 31, 2014 · 
This is from my facebook wall on July 6, 2015 The owner was rude, and hostile, a very unpleasant conversation,  I would NOT recommend this eatery ever!!!!
World Famous N'awlins Cafe' & Spice Emporium 
The Lady who ate at my restaurant please call me and tell me what was wrong please
July 6,2015
World Famous N'awlins Cafe' & Spice Emporium
MY FAMILY have been DOING BUSINESS FOR FOUR GENERATIONS I'M THE THIRD GENERATION TRAINING THE 4TH GENERATION. SO IN SAYING THAT WE KNOW WHAT WE ARE DOING
July 6, 2015
World Famous N'awlins Cafe' & Spice Emporium 
CALL MY CELL 504-214-9210 ARTHUR O.HUMPHREY JR. PRESIDENT / CEO FOR 45 YEARS, CREOLE BORN N RAISED
July 6, 2015
World Famous N'awlins Cafe' & Spice Emporium
We don't do fried foods we do sautéed Creole entrées big difference.
July 6, 2015
World Famous N'awlins Cafe' & Spice Emporium
I see you're from Kanas big difference in foods between Kanas and N'AWLINS LOUISIANA
July 6, 2015
Mary B  
WOW!  After 6 months you decided to comment on my review...asking me to call you, so I do, and what happens I am not allowed to explain to you what was wrong with my meal, am told that I am jealous of you as a business owner and then you tell me F**K YOU! ...and hang up! What a PROFESSIONAL, CLASSY, WELL MANNERED, SOUTHERN GENTLEMAN! My Review STANDS, WE HAD HORRIBLE SERVICE, OVER AN HOUR TO GET OUR FOOD AFTER WE ORDERED, THEN WHEN WE GOT OUR FOOD IT WAS COLD AND DISGUSTING HAD TO THROW MOST OF IT AWAY!!!
July 6, 2015
Mary B
And MY HOME being in KANSAS has nothing to do with the fact that we received poor service and disgusting food....
July 6, 2015Not bad for the French market, but a little pricy. Soft shell crab sandwich was surprisingly good. Nice bread, excellent fry, overall very tasty.Don't make this spot the only place to try local specialties. 
Cool souvenir shop, but the food is subpar especially for the price.Found this place just before heading home and I really wish I had found it sooner... This is by far the best food I had in New Orleans! Yum yum yum! Great food and great service for a good price! I will be back!So many questions why this place is still in business. Here's a handful:
1) Your signs advertise pancakes, your menu says pancakes, but you don't have pancakes? What DO you have?
2) You can't find the crab? One does not simply, loose crabs. Does that mean you don't use crab much? I probably shouldn't order this then. Oh good, you found the crab! That only took 40 mins. No need to apologize for being slow. It has only been an 45 mins since we ordered and I'm starving. Thanks for making us wait 45 mins for our overcooked, over-seasoned (or inexplicably under-seasoned, see below) , overpriced food. 
3) OH MY GOD THERE IS A MAGGOT IN THE SEASONED SALT. HOW DOES A LIVING CREATURE MAKE A HABITAT OUT OF SODIUM?! Thanks for apologizing and trying to make things right by giving me a free shirt. Next time, try a little cleanliness. 
In conclusion: menu and signs are misleading and do not reflect what they actually serve, servers are indifferent and slow, the food is not great (simultaneously too salty and not salty enough!) and there are bugs in the seasoning. There's too many places to eat in New Orleans that are worth the calories. This, sadly, is not one of them.Amazing, great food at a really good price. The BBQ shrimp is as good as any restaurant in the city, regardless of price or reputation.
We had 2 BBQ shrimp dinners and 2 bowls of gumbo...Did I mention that the gumbo is excellent as well?
Many thanks to the owner, and great staff in making our meal the most memorable of our trip!I rarely give one star reviews. But in this case, it's more than merited. 
We strolled through the French Market in New Orleans during Mardi Gras, and it was fairly busy, but definitely not overcrowded. My wife and I wanted to try something authentically New Orleans, so we chose the N'awlins Cafe. They were serving all sorts of Cajun/Creole food, and had tons of pictures with celebrities eating there, so we felt good about the decision. 
Boy were we wrong.
We ordered our food, gumbo and a burger, after a few minutes of sitting down. I waited 5 minutes before having to go to the bathroom (it WAS Mardi Gras, right?). So I trekked the 5 or so blocks back, waited in line, yadda yadda yadda, and walked back. All of that taking about 20 minutes. No food had arrived. Right when I got back, two women sat next to us and ordered. As we waited longer and longer, food was flying out of the kitchen. After another 10-15 minutes, the people next to us who had ordered when I got back, received their food. Finally my wife said something, and after re-taking our order it seemed, the food came out of the kitchen after another 5 minutes. All in all about 30-40 minutes of waiting for already cooked gumbo and a burger. 
I can usually forgive things like that, had they said it was busy, that they'd forgotten the ticket, or whatever the case might be. 
But what can't be forgiven is the taste of the food, which was the worst that I had in 4 days in New Orleans. The gumbo was a tiny portion for $7, watery, and with an inedible skinny crab claw on top. My wife's burger was a downright disgrace though. I can make a better burger with a frozen patty from Costco. It was miniature in size, and about as hard as a frisbee. We should've given it back like we saw a few others do, but didn't want to wait another 45 minutes to get something that may or may not have been worse.#PoopInShrimp Store manager is rude. Hope this lessens the 2 star ratings... Poop poop poop it's awfulThe food here is OK at best. The waitress was very nice. Now I ordered a Fried Aligator PoBoy ($18.00) WHAT!!! The sandwich was average size cut in half and of course only half had any actual meat on it. The meat was tough, and if you didnt order any gumbo to dip your bread, then your jaws will get a good workout. My suggestions, venture away from the french market, bourbon street to some other non-tourist areas. I promise you will receive better quality food, at reasonable prices. So dissapointed!!! $18.00 for a 8" inch at best sandwich. Ridicoulous!!Waited over 25min for my order which was inedible  when I got it. Avoid this place at all costs. Places like  this give New Orleans a bad reputation.We had the world famous gumbo and were disappointed.   It was not bad but I had better gumbo a lot of times in places that were not famous for it.Its nothing special, it said "famous", but that may have been a long time ago when that was declared.Wrong place to try authentic local food and dishes. We've tried the Gator bites (usually love them) which were overpriced $10 but more importandly very tough and disgusting. Must have been an old Gator lol. I will leave a picture. We rather left it than eating. Wish I had read some of the other bad reviews before. It's a tourist trap at french market and would never survive anywhere else with those dishes.They advertise themselves as
"Authentic Creole Cuisine.  Cajun and Creole Spices"
Every kind of hot sauce-baby bottles or medium or large....funny names too...like the Obama Hot Sauce which states, "Changing The Country One Drop at a Time!"
Hurricane mix to bring home, seafood boil with a play on a raccoon and alligator throwing a crawfish in a pot (as they are also cooked in spices in a pot in Louisiana too!)
Playing cards with drink recipes, crawfish pencils.....need I continue-everything is fun albeit a bit expensive.
It is located in the French Market and has an eating area attached.This place is always my stop for my spice needs before I hit the road back to Tennessee. It's family owned for over 40 years and is still booming. Stop through and see Z and his lil bro whenever you are in NOLA.Ordered the shrimp po'boy and creole potatoes. 25 minutes later I had the most disappointing culinary experience since I've been in town. The shrimp was cooked beautifully and that's the only positive thing I can say. I asked for everything on it and received shrimp on toasted bread with some shredded iceberg and four slivers of pickles. I will not be eating here again.Bad service and bad food. It took them 30 minutes to prepare Meatballs and Spaghetti and the taste was not good. Even the Shrimp PoBoy was bad: undercooked and small!Pro: 
-sweetest lady helped me with ordering. 
Con: 
-I've had better gator in Pensacola. 
-The jambalaya rice tasted like it went bad. It had that off sour taste that food gets when it goes bad. 
-The gator burger was more like a sausage than anything. 
I'll come back to try something else though.DO NOT EAT HERE! There are so many other options in the area. We ordered a soft shell crab and gator burger. Waitress asks if I want cheese. I say no. A shrimp po boy comes out and she insists I ordered it. 30 minutes later other and many customers who ordered after us already orders, receives food and finishes eating before us. We complain and she says it will be out in a couple minutes. We end up just leaving with the shrimp po boy on the counter and soft shell crab ready "in a couple minutes." The other worker was equally as rude. Thanks "Tacquira M" for showing us what horrible customer service and crappy food looks like.Wow. Waited forever for the food just to get a half full bowl of seafood gumbo for $9+. There was barely any seafood. Didn't see a single sausage as advertised lol. Waste of money. Would not recommend. What a rip off. My friend got the okra gumbo and it came out cold...after she waited even longer than I did. I should have checked the reviews before I decided to eat here. Shame on me. Gumbo was ok but for what you pay it's a complete sham. Paid .50 extra for crab thinking I was getting crab meat. They threw in a crab leg...Find somewhere else to eat. STAY FAR AWAYOverpriced. We ordered Cajun jambalaya, side of potatoes and seafood gumbo. Sizes are so small. Paid $28+ for all these three items. It is like a tasting. I can't even call that it was a full dish. Avoid this place at all costs. Side of potatoes were $4.50 alone and you can see the size in the picture.Do not eat here run far away! It's too expensive the red beans and rice is nasty,  the shrimp creole is worst and there is no refunds !!!!Discovered this place on our last day in New Orleans in the French Market, but wish we found it sooner! They had everything in New Orleans we wanted to try and everything was soooo good and reasonably priced! Service was so sweet, patient and fast, if we weren't out of money by then I would have spent hundreds there.....lol! A must try while in New Orleans!I had the lobster poboy which sounded great but ended up being about two tablespoons of lobsters amongst a cup or two of trinity (onions, celery, green peppers) and I'm not a huge fan of trinity....and have never seen anyone put it on a poboy.  Seems to have been filler.  I think it was $15 as well, which would be fine if it was full of lobster.Don't ever eat from here they don't clean their seafood!!! And they won't even replace their garbage food they give you if you don't like it which seems to be common hereOMG. We thought this placed was going to be soooo cool because it had all these "swamp" food on the menu and all the Cajun style food but we were very, very,  DISAPPOINTED. We waited 51 minutes for our food and we don't even wait that long at a NICE restaurant. Definitely very touristy and very unorganized. The food was whatever, the jambalya was undercook and was basically was like scrap food, poorly put together. The table next to us whisper "this is like slave food!" when they ordered a plate similar to ours. Lobster poboy was all bread and not enough meat. For 51 minute wait time, you would think it would be a little better. Awful touristy place.  DO NOT GO! There are better joints near by!My first time in New Orleans, and I was told by friends who have been here before, to come to the french market and must have the voodoo burger in the world famous Nawlins. It's hot in new orleans and everything is in walking distance. You can practically ask any local how to reach the French market or even use Google Maps walking distance to show you how to get there. Anyway, best burger I've had!! Two regular patties and one jalapeno Patty comes with pepper Jack cheese and two strips of bacon. I love spicy food and in new orleans that is what you will find. I add all the toppings plus it also comes with jalapeno peppers and wow! So good! Ask for Z who is the main cook of the place and give him a shout out!! You will no be disappointed!!! YummyDisclaimer:  this is only for the spice shop portion of the shop, not the cafe hot food.
I really loved this spice emporium. Yes, it does have all the touristy stuff that can probably found in any other spice shop within the French Quarter, but these prices were slightly cheaper, and also the selection was very wide. They also have a lot of hot sauces to choose from that are local to the area, which my fiance went nuts over.
I've only tried one spice so far, which was the Mardi Gras Party Chip Dip Mix. I would HIGHLY recommend this one. I actually came to NOLA about 8 years ago, remembering eating this particular chip dip from my food walking tour (as well as my family). My mom had bought that mix at that time, and it was so good. I bought it again this trip to NOLA, and just made it again recently for a dinner party, and everyone went WILD. The recipe only requires sour cream and mayo, and about a tablespoon of the spice mix. The spice mix you buy is about 1/4 cup worth, so it yields a lot of future chip dips. Such an amazing spice mix, I can't wait to make it again in the future!!!!
Anyway, all in all, great spice shop for those just shopping for spices or hot sauces in the French Quarter.If you don't have 1.5 hour to wait and eat don't come here.  They did refund 1 meal but doesn't make up for giving our meals away.  On another note.  The lady was super sweet & apologized.This place is the bomb!!!!!
we came from the 305 MIAMI
to eat the worlds famous voodoo burger and it was awsome.. Here at the french market place u must come here if u are in N.O.!!!!!
The staff n cooks are awsome
thank for the experience
Ask for owner Mr.Zee.... and take a picture great guy!!!!!Worst meal I had the entire weeklong visit to NOLA... I didnt even think it was possible to have bad food in this city. And I'm kicking myself because I didnt check yelp before I ordered here. Ugh. The one time I don't check reviews. Wasted $20. How do you mess up a po boy? Shrimp was cold. The bread was stale and hard. I returned it once. They brought it back out... shrimp was a little warmer but honestly they prob just zapped it in the microwave for 45 seconds. I proceeded to look at my $20 lunch in disgust.  Left it on the table and went to another vendor for something else instead. I wouldn't even be so mean as to give this to a homeless person on the street. 
Unreal that this place is still in business. Save yourself and keep walking they the french market. Horrible representation of NOLA. Please tell me why this place has "world famous " in its name?In the French market , this is my spot I always come here for southern food, best gumbo, Cajun food in town. The lady (Andrea )is nice and and the food is pretty authentic! Love this place I always come back for more!My voodoo burger was great, the spicy lobster poboy was lacking in lobster ad spice, and we waited a REALLY long time for our food.Best food ever. 1st time in Nawlins and decided to eat here. Very filling. Food was seasoned great and tasted exceptional. Must eat here!HANDS DOWN MOST delicious breakfast bowl I have ever had! I had the creole breakfast bowl with eggs over easy, sausage, and red gravy and I will be going back tomorrow morning for another one before leaving on Saturday. This little gem is located in the French Market, along with the spice shop directly next door. The woman taking our order was super friendly and we enjoyed our overall experience so much. I would HIGHLY recommend N'awlins Cafe if you are in the French Quarter!The over priced tamales were frozen in the middle and the gumbo was thin and flavorless.  Won't go back.Got the shrimp po boy...$15 for stale bread and a few shrimp with 3 slices of potato. The girl serving us treated us like she didn't want us there. I'd go down the way to Mother Natures cupboard instead. Never coming back here.Worst place in New Orleans terrible service and terrible  food !  PO boy bread is rock hard no meat and crappy toppingsIf I could rate zero I would. Shrimp was not clean; food was served cold; bread was stale.....it was disgusting. It was a waste of $20. Don't bother spending your money at this place. I'm not sure how they are still open.When you're advertising GATOR ON A STICK, it would seem reasonable that your customers are expecting meaty chunks of gator flesh on a stick. Right?
Well, what they don't mention is that it's really more of a gator sausage, and good luck tasting anything but sausage. You know what sausage tastes like, and no matter what meat is inside they all sort of taste similar. Not necessarily bad, but identifying the meat contained within is a fool's task. 
Bummer.This is our first time visiting New Orleans and so far N'awlins has been our favorite spot! We ordered the Cajun Pasta, Sautéed Crawfish Poboy, Gumbo, Gator on a stick, Nawlins Burger, Voodoo Burger, and Sweet Tea! ALL of it was excellent and so flavorful. On top of amazing food, the service was excellent as well. I will definitely be visiting New Orleans again and coming back to N'awlins!Got here just as it opened up.  Ordered a 3 egg omelet with crawfish and they put sautéed onions and cheese on top.  What a treat! Best thing I have had here in NO so far.  Crawfish is almost out of season so I've been taking any opportunity to get some.  In season items always make a meal extra delicious and with the specialty spices here, and stuffed full of veggies it was extra special.  Service is at a counter and the waitress was ver polite and quick. Picked up a few things in the spice racks to take home hoping that I will be able to recreate their spiced home fries in my kitchen. So many other tasty items on the menu, wish I could eat here everyday and try them all.The boudin was our favorite in New Orleans. Flavorful and just so delicious. The alligator sausage kebab was pretty much just okay. We were really excited to try the gator but it just didn't make much of an impression. Awfully slow service from the cooks, but the girl behind the counter was very friendly and very helpful.I cannot believe this restaurant was actually stupid enough to get their business featured in the totally staged Food Network show titled "Mystery Diners." I've been to New Orleans several times, and these people's desperation to get publicity for their restaurant proves that they are NOT worth visiting.Very unorganized. Could tell the employees were getting frustrated with each other because of it. Food good, not great. Had better gumbo other places (The Gumbo Shop for example)Yikes- where do I even start with this place! We ordered the seafood platter, which came to just above $27 with tax. I specifically confirmed that there was no meat in the platter before ordering. Over thirty minutes later (we timed it), we finally get our food, despite people who ordered after us getting their food much sooner. I was told they had just run out of potatoes, so they had substituted the rice side without asking. I was alright with that, but then realized the rice they'd given me had ground meat mixed in. Still, I would have been okay just not eating the side, had the other food come close to what we'd ordered and paid for. However, the 'stuffed crab' consisted of two empty crab shells- no stuffing, and no crab meat! The 'garlic French bread' was a few slices of plain bread. The greens were wilted beyond recognition, and the side salad looked like a container of leftover burger toppings- sliced pickles and tomatoes. Quite frankly, what we were served was embarrassing.
Staff seemed busy, but polite. Unfortunately, that's just not enough to balance out the state of their food. I strongly recommend giving this place a miss.Not worth the money. Flavorless and poor service. We paid $20 for 7 bites of alligator. While every other place we've been in NOLA has been delicious, the "World Famous 'Nawlins Jazz Cafe" is definitely not up to par.Probably the worst service and food that we had on our trip to New Orleans. 30 min wait for a shitty crab pie full of salty ass crab meat and no crust. They didn't tell me they were out of crust until I got the damn thing. While everyone else that ordered after me got their food before me. This place was whack. I shoulda yelped before I could assume that like the rest of the trip the food would be bomb.Best place in New Orleans for authentic creole food!  Its family owned and the entire staff is personable and kind!  Go check it out!Situé dans le "French market" ce petit snack est plutôt mauvais.
Un sandwich à l'alligator à 12$, pain glacé sauce type mayonnaise sans goût, très peu de frites bien grasses, la viande à un goût particulier plutôt agréable, mais petite portion pour le tarif.
Un sandwich au crabe à 14$ pain froid sauce type mayonnaise sans goût idem pour les frites, le crabe est très restreint.
Une attente interminable pour prendre la commande, et de nouveaux pour avoir nos plats. 1h15 entre notre arrivée et l'obtention des plats.
Très mauvaise organisation, hygiène douteuse.
Très facile de trouver mieux à la nouvelle Orléans.
Très cher pour cette médiocre qualité.
Je ne recommande pas.I think it's very over priced for what you get. I got a shrimp poboy and my total was $17 and some change. I thought ok this better be a GREAT poboy. However there were 12 shrimp total on it and a small side of potatoes. I was not impressed.I ordered the tilapia  it came with seasoned Cajun potatoes, and mixed vegetables. So lets break everything down. We went around 11am ish. This was my first time in New Orleans, so i know i needed to try something a little different. I did taste a piece of sausage, i thought it was regular sausage, but it was alligator, it was actually good, it tasted like a regular smoked sausage, minus the spices. it was steaming hot too. Now the tilapia was very fishy aka fresh, well seasoned it was probably grilled or baked, it had wonderful flavor. the Cajun potatoes were good all so, here is were the problem lays... those mixed vegetables. those mixed vegetables.... i dont know who they thought they were fooling... but they didnt fool me, those vegetables were the frozen kind! i know they wereLooking for some NOLA lunch food with some kick ass sauce.
I had the gumbo and alligator sausage.
Added some ghost pepper sauce which hooked it up.
I love spice and this did the trick.
911 sauce which I wanted.
Service was great and friendly.We waited an hour and a half for a sandwich and boudin sticks. The food was lackluster at best. 
Stay away from this place at all cost.If I could give this place zero stars I would! The shrimp po boy was freezing cold the bread was stale, all around it tasted awful! Even after I asked for one that is hot it tasted like crap. Beware this is not the place to enjoy authentic food, worse than a drive through Jack n box. I was with 2 friends and we all threw the food away. Such a waste of money.I've eaten here several times over the years and it has the best BBQ shrimp I've had. I cannot vouch for the other menu items. The first time I came here I had something else and it was "just okay."  While I was finishing up my entree the server bought out a BBQ shrimp entree for another customer. It looks and smells like 'Wowza!'  I salivated with jealousy and promised myself that I would order BBQ shrimp next go round. I did just that a few days later and I've never ordered any other entree. The shrimp are large with the head still on.  They come out piping hot in a deep bowl brimming with spices and cut up lemons. There are slices of French bread for dipping as well. It is simple, hearty, and delicious.  I have to stop here when I'm in NOLA for the BBQ shrimp. Also note, the name BBQ shrimp should not make you think of memphis style BBQ, there is no BBQ sauce. The dish consists of creole/Cajun spices, lemons, (butter maybe), shrimp and French bread. This entree should not be looked over as it is really tasty.Alligators bites were bland, BBQ shrimp bland, crawfish pie bland, the shrimp creole bland.  Don't waste your money.  Very very bad foodIf you want to be ignored this is the place to go.  I'm not even sure they know what customer service means.  Food was ok, nothing great.  Wouldn't go back unless I was just looking to kill time....wait this is the French quarter plenty of other places to go.  I won't be back.I got the creole breakfast bowl. It had a good portion of grits, gravy, and cheese topped off with your choice of bacon or sausage and four nicely spiced shrimp. I would give that four stars.
I tried some of my brother's jambalaya and it was kinda a let down to be honest. A three.
Service was kinda slow and I thought they were closed for awhile, the woman upfront was on her phone and sitting down quite obviously.Don't know why the bad reviews. It was near end of day and the vendors were shutting shop when we decided to give this place a shot (without looking at yelp reviews). Honestly, the food was very good. The large Creole gumbo was full of sausage chicken okra and pieces of crab. My picky teenager loved it. My not so picky other teenager loved his cajun jambalaya. It was a pricey risk we took, but it was worth it. Guess we must have got them on a good day...This was our third food stop during our stay in New Orleans. The food overall was decent. For starters, presentation is a 10/10. I was really impressed with how the food was presented in style, very elegant. However, the taste didn't live up to the presentation. While the gumbo was tasty, its texture was very thin and the taste was more of a seafood-like taste than traditional gumbo. The price didn't live up to what it was advertised at, with so many other competing places in the area. It's really a hit and miss with these market places, but I will probably take my interest for this popular New Orleans cuisine elsewhere in the future.Creole jambalaya  was bone dry.  Tasted like microwave rice r roni.  Crab poboy was stinky and old.  Worst meal in new orleans by far.I've been in NOLA for close to a week, challenging my own intestinal fortitude daily, and I've had very few iffy experiences. This was one. Service was apathetic, and portion size very unsatisfactory. I asked how the boudin pie was, and was told, "S'good." It was $7.50, and entailed about 3 bites of overcooked, pan-burnt salty rice in a institutional pre-made pure shell. With all of the diversity available, I doubt they'll get a second chance from me.Great coffee. Had the Creole breakfast bowl, it was pretty good the shrimps in it were amazing. Service was not fast, but they are a small busy place so the wait was expected.We strolled through the French Market in New Orleans not really looking for a place to eat, but my wife and I were hungry, so we stopped by for a quick bite.
We ordered the $7 seafood gumbo. I wish I had read the Yelp reviews on my phone prior, because it was incredibly small for the money, and not very tasty at that.
Maybe I'm just not a gumbo person.This place was way to over  priced for such bad food. The rabbit and fish had to much salt. Service was terrible. I was really dissapointed.Disgusting, overpriced food..we got 2 po/boys...1 shrimp, 1 gator.  They were both 6" max..but sure as the sun sets in the west they were $15..the shrimp one had maybe had 6 pieces of shrimp total, and the gator was undercooked & tough. I've never had such bad gator before. Both po'boys were overwhelmed with mayo, and took forever to come out to our table. The staff had a generally uninterested / give-a-shit less attitude.The gumbo did not taste anything special. The alligator meat was tender and juicy, unfortunately I was given gator bites (gator meat on bread with a side of Creole potatoes) even though I ordered gator pie (which I won't get to try at that location since I won't be going back there, not planned at least). The service was so-so, I'll leave it at that. The Creole sauce on the potatoes appeared packed with flavor but that's where it ends, it looked good and but tasted somewhat bland.WORST experience! Deserves nothing but negative reviews and to be shut down for their unfair practices. Will never be going back. Completely unprofessional and rude. Prices depend on your skin color and they refuse to adjust it if you catch them in the act. Threw out my order immediately. Beware of this place.1st time eating at this restaurant and I really enjoyed myself. Staff was very knowledgeable and patient with explaining everything. Very friendly! I ate the Gumbo which was very good, it felt like Home! I will be back and would recommend to anyone coming this way!!Rip off. 36$ for sub par hamburger and catfish plate. Literally had 12 fries on my plate. The cook had a sleeveless shirt on. I asked for more fries or a discount, I got neither. I showed my Louisiana drivers license and asked for a local discount. Nada. Beware of unfriendly and don't care wait staff. The place was not busy, maybe that was a sign. One star because the waitress said I'm sorry sweetheart.Super authentic food at pretty unbeatable prices. There was a long wait despite the lack of foot traffic, still worth it. I had the creole shrimp and couldn't get enough. Very generous serving with huge shrimps! My brother got a burger and it was pretty wimpy and unimpressive. Stick with the southern food here!Amazing selection if you're looking for everything authentic and hot. Great service and delicious cage food too! Highly recommend anything crawfish - I liked the tamales. Ask for Braxton - he's your guy ;-)Ordered 6 bowls of Gumbo. After waiting 40+ minutes, 3 luke warm bowls are out and the remaining 3 are mysteriously held up.The worst place. What a let down. You wait over twenty minutes for an alligator kabob and then they make it for "here" instead of "togo". They go back to do the switch and that takes an extra 4 minutes. They take tourists money. No quality - they don't care about the customer. I'm sure they have bad sanitation as well. Just look at their sauces for you to try on your food. Yuck! What a disgrace to New Orleans.After all the amazing food experiences in New Orleans so far, this place was a train wreck. The food is over priced and took a long time to be prepared, the fries were served cold and it seemed like 90% of the customers were dissatisfied when we kept overhearing their complaints or demands for refunds throughout our visit. These ranged from people unhappy with the price, or their undercooked or unappetizing food. Apparently the kitchen was cooking the wrong dishes so we felt for the customer facing staff, except for one who apparently wasn't helping out, but was happy to hoe into an avocado on the counter.
On the plus side, it makes me further appreciate all the other dining experiences of my life to this point.Never trust a place with a "NO REFUNDS!!" sign! Landed here while looking for delicious seafood po'boys, and after ordering a soft shell crab po' boy I was surprised to get a pinky size piece of chewy meat on bread. I essentially paid $15 for bread! When I asked for more meat, or another order, they rolled their eyes and said they couldn't do either. Terrible place, terrible service, and crappy protein-less meals. Do yourself a favor and walk a few steps down to J's seafood dock. Cheaper, meatier food awaits.Skip this place....seriously....turn around....keep walking....extremely slow service.   Took 30 mins to get a small bowl of gumbo, a handful of rice that's suppose to be crawfish etoufee, and several ounces of jambolaya.  SAD.   Everything taste like they came out of a can.   Extremely overpriced.  Not worth the time or money.   Plenty of other places to go in the area for same or better prices and much better food.    To be fair, the workers were very friendly but I don't think they have a clue the food they are serving are very poor and tasteless.Very hectic! The menu is very large with lots of authentic new Orleans dishes to choose from. Prices are good. The okra gumbo is fantastic. They also. Let you try spices and sauces before you buy them.Had the Jambalaya added shrimp looked to be out of a can salad size . Nothing at all special about it for $14. Looked like a Micro Wave kitchen.I'd give a 0 if it's an option. TOOK FOREVER!!!! Asked the MGR for refund, he refused, went back to cook himself & it took another 20 mins. Still refused to refund. Food took 48 minutes to come out on a Saturday afternoon. THIS PLACE IS THE WORST!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No refund. No discount. Final bill was over $100.Headed down to NOLA with a friend for the weekend and we stopped for lunch at the French Market. This place had me at "stuffed tomatoes". We got an alligator stuffed tomato and shrimp creole to share and it was absolutely amazing! The shrimp creole had a ton of flavor and was just the right amount of spice; it also came out piping hot! The tomato was perfectly done - it wasn't mushy, and was still firm and filled with delicious alligator. We've been trying to eat our way through the city, and haven't come across a place yet that's as authentic and delicious. 
So, the service was a little slow, but at the same time, it was understandably slow - there were a ton of people, and the ladies running the counter were also on double duty for the actual spice shop side of the place. But, when they were available, they were absolutely awesome to chat with!
Absolutely can't wait to get back there for lunch before leaving!Mediocre food, meager portions.  Server with a major attitude problem.  We just finished eating here and the server was antagonistic and rude.  I ordered a bottle of water and he proceeded to interrogate me as to why i ordered a water when I had a bottle in my hand.  And would not let it go.   Continued to try to engage me with similar topics thru my meal.  Even when I said I wanted to be quiet he would not quit.  Disappointing.The name and the "stamp of approval" from the Food Network made me think this food was going to be otherworldly good, but it was just okay. My husband had a gator meat po' boy and I had red beans and rice with alligator sausage. For a place known for its spices, I didn't expect to need add anything for flavor, but I did have to use some hot sauce to spice it up. 
The service was okay. The person who helped us was not the friendliest. The food was very overpriced because it was just okay. I don't know what the Food Network representative saw in this place that was extraordinary, but I wasn't impressed.Was fooled by the number of people eating at the bar. Ordered shrimp sausage po boy and jambalaya.  First order was incorrect and redo took a long time.  Jambalaya was not spicy at all and couldn't taste any shrimp in the shrimp sausage. Could have chosen better.I do not usually give anyone one star...however, this was horrible. If I could give them no stars I would.  We waited 35 minutes for 2 po'boys and there were very few people there. We couldn't even eat what we ordered it tasted so bad. The owner asked how everything was and when we told him, he did nothing but make excuses for everything. I will say that the girls behind the counter were very nice and apologetic about everything. Looks like the only thing this place does well is hire staff for the front.It was a busy day but the wait for some Creole jambalaya was much longer than you would expect. Their jambalaya lacked proteins with a 1 piece of andouille sausage, two bites of chicken, and a handful of shrimp on a bed of rice. It seemed like they wanted to make up for the lack of meat with abundant spices but in the end you're left with a bad taste in your mouth and a lighter wallet. 
It's like they're surrounded with all these competitors and they decided to give up.No. 
Smoky, flavorless gumbo - BBQ shrimp that doesn't live up to it's billing as "the best BBQ shrimp in New Orleans" and cook staff that do not use gloves when serving food. This is a spice emporium supposedly and it was the most flavorless food I've ever had in New Orleans. Not worth the price at all.25 minutes for allogator on a stick. The "alligator" is just a sausage, not a tail. Comes out still frozen inside. They did give a refund, but still - that's half an hour lost for nothing (not counting a bite of severely undercooked meat). Go elsewhere.This restaurant is amazing!! Never even knew this place was here! First time eating here and will definitely go back! Great staff and food was amazing! I had the creole breakfast bowl, which had grits, eggs, cheese, andouille sausage, and jumbo shrimp! DELICIOUS!!The food is great. I got the Creole breakfast bowl. It was amazing. The gravy is top notch. The poeple are nice and the food was quick to come out.UGHHHHHHHHHHHH. 
Came here during Mardi Gras and were intrigued by the menu. It's in the French Market, so it's not a "restaurant" but rather a bar style service. 
Ordered around 5:15pm was given the check and I paid up front. When our food hadn't come out by 5:55 (and every other person at the bar had been served...even those sitting down MUCH later than us) I said something, and our food was out within 5 minutes. Let me be fair--I understand it was busy, it was Mardi Gras! But I am not kidding, every other person, including the girl next to me who sent her food back AND got an entirely different entree, was served before us. 
My burger was smaller than something I might receive at McDonald's and the bun was literally 2 inches wider in diameter. It was like if you bought one of those really awesome bakery-made buns at the store, and then put a fast food burger on it. The thick-cut garlic fries were good, but there were five on the plate. My husband's gumbo *was* tasty, but the portion for $7 was absurdly overpriced. 
I walked away so annoyed and angry...especially because we had to go to one of the street carts to actually feel satiated.A great place for an authentic Cajun meal. My boyfriend ordered a Creole dish with shrimp and rice, and the flavor was excellent with the perfect amount of heat. I ordered the gumbo, and I wouldn't order it again only because it is a thin broth and I prefer thicker broth gumbos. The flavor was very good though. I would definitely go back to try other dishes.This has always been one of my favorite places to stop within the French Market, and I was delighted to see that the owners had returned to the open-air market following the devastation of Hurricane Katrina. The Spice Emporium has been a New Orleans classic for 70 years, and it offers all of the seasonings to make Cajun / Creole favorites. The shop has a wide variety of recipes, food stuffs, kitchen decorations, and more, but they are best known for their amazing collection of hot sauces. These fiery blasts of heat have whimsical names denoting death by internal combustion, and it's always great fun to wander among the shelves and read the labels.
They have a sampling bar known as the "Walk of Flame" where you can trial a variety of these sauces on salted chips, and then do your best not to breathe fire (or worse) as you wait for the heat to subside.
In addition the owners have a terrific cafe featuring daily specials like Seafood File' Gumbo, Crawfish Etouffee, Creole Red Beans and Rice, a wide variety of N'awlins Po-Boys, and all sorts of fresh seafood. You order at the counter, and then sit at one of the tables located under the cover of the open-air market.
The Spice Emporium offers mail order service for all of their spices, mixes, rubs, and marinades:  http://worldfamousnawlins.com/Cute place,  tried the alligator tamales.  It was flavorful, but not made as a traditional tamal (sort of like the frozen ones you buy at the grocery store) . It was tiny but again the alligator meat was flavorful.  Other than that,  they don't give free refills & no way of telling which spices/ hot sauces were good?  No one manning that area?  
Do not go at night though, the first day we went we walked through the French Market around 5pm, and dog sized rats on the outside of their store location.Bad food, over priced, horrible service and i got food poisoning for 5 days after eating the alligator piquant.   DO NOT go here and eat. The other shops are way betterWe were having our trip to New Orleans when suddenly it rains,not just rain but really pouring,the nearest place to run and get sheltered is the french market,the rain takes forever so we decided to eat early lunch,we all have no idea on which one and where to find good eat.
We decided to try this place very funny because we all agreed based on how the server looks,he was actually handsome,tall,dark,very friendly and young hottie hahahahaha.....
Its like a typical eatery on any market place,there are tall stool and you all eat in a bar,still a waiter service because you have to place your order,it was a pretty neat place with a combination of small grocery that sells tons of hot sauce,we bought a lot by the way and bno regrets at all money worth hot hot hot....
for our foodies, we ordered some pan cakes,bacon and egg,we tried the gator sausage,the creole seafood gumbo,the red beans and rice with regular meat and extra order of gator meat to share.All tasted well except the seafood gumbo,my two cousins loved it but its not for me i can not take the strong odor then the taste is so different,pungent bitter kinda taste,i enjoyed the red beans and the gator meat well i had gator burger before in Florida and i loved it too,the bacon and egg-perfect plus the hot sauce i tried 4 kinds and after a while i forgot the it was so called  lol.
Service is excellent considering the server is so hot like the sauce they are selling,and since we are all flirt like a pussy cat our tip is like half the bill hahahahhaa very very funny
There is no wifi in this place parking are all paid parking,wash room is by another store,its a market place and a public place,noise level is surely loud,
I will still come back in the future same place same restaurant and i will try some other dishes in the menu......Gator bites are normally delicious although here they just make me sad  they were small flavorless pieces of grilled gator. I drenched them in their sauce and it wasn't so bad after that. They do have 'as seen on food network gumbo' so I figure this has to be good; wrong, I was absolutely wrong! The rue wasn't thick so I got slimy fish water with a piece of crab, chicken and sausage. I couldn't stomach the gumbo and I'll eat almost anything, I'm disgusted to think this place was on food network, really makes me question everything about my food network life!Awesome po'boys and great staff!  Had their sauce and spices here too and they're amazing.. Definitely a must tryIf I could give a zero star status I would do so for this place. I'm not picky, I've eaten a lot of street food during travels but this was absolutely non eatable. 
Keep walking and just pass this place up.Food was good and the service was excellent. I'm
We ordered the Gator on the Stick, amazing.Owner needs to fire this manager. Wiping up all confused and chastising the hard working staff while customers wait to order. That's how you lose money. For reals.Visited this location on our food tour and tried the seafood gumbo. It was spicy, flavorful and amazing. We really enjoyed the food and are planning on going back to try a few of their other specialities and buy some spices.We ordered a Po boy sandwich over 40 min ago and everyone that came after us got their sandwich ate and left! They keep on telling us that it's coming but nothing is coming out. 
They don't really care about the fact that we are waiting and are even rude about the fact that we are asking for our food!Ripped-off in my favorite restaurant city!  I've written a fair number of reviews, and this is the first time I can remember ever writing a bad one.  I've visited New Orleans for a week or more each year since 2007, and several times before that, and never had a bad experience here.  On a rainy day today, I went to the closest place to find some good warm food to bring back to our condo-hotel for lunch for my wife and I.  I went to Central Grocery to get an original muffaletta, but they're closed Mondays as it turns out.  So I went to the French Market nearby and found this place with seafood gumbo "as featured on the Food Network".  I asked to see the size of the large container, and the nice gal showed me a tapered quart (or larger??) Styrofoam container, about 7 inches tall, which looked about right for two of us.  I paid my $11.50, but when she gave it to me, it felt light, so I took the plastic lid off to find that the top 2-plus inches were empty (the top of this tapered container of course being the widest, most empty part)!  I asked the nice gal to ask the cook to fill it up a little more, and she said "that's all he puts in a large".  What can you say to that?  If I hadn't already paid, I'd have left right then.  Thinking about it now, I should have asked for my money back.  I will never go back to this place, and if such a thing ever happens again to me or to you, we should ask for our money back.  By the way, while the broth was tasty, it was mostly broth with very little seafood or anything else.  And I also got two teeny, tiny pieces of bread wrapped in foil :-)  I should have checked Yelp first...another good lesson.I should have rested on my laurels and not trust restaurants that claim to be "World Famous" - especially in their restaurant name. 
I'm not particularly sure what is "Famous" about this place, perhaps the overwhelming amount of 1 star reviews - could spark notoriety as some of the worst places to eat; as it does for me. 
SERVICE: 
- Confusing, impersonal ordering system
- Slow service, long food wait time
- Food per ticket does not come out at the same time
FOOD:
The dish that screwed me over was the Seafood Creole Gumbo; a menu item which quickly caught my attention as it claims to be featured on the Food Network.  
Overall the Seafood Creole Gumbo was: 
- Bland, not at all spicy
- Had 3 to 4 medium sized pieces of shrimp
- Contained mostly overcooked and mushy chicken
- Overwhelming amount of fatty andioulle sausage
- Gumbo broth - where the only aunthentic part was its thickening from the Okra. 
I would never come back to this place!This place was ok, I do like their variety in menu. But I had to ask twice for my water. I had the breakfast bowl and I liked it, but overall I thought the place was ok with the service and food combined.My wife had Creole shrimp was way too salty. She really couldn't enjoy the Creole sauce .
I had The cajun jambalia was fine. It was average.
Service is slow, about 20-25 minutes to get the food.We ordered the gator bites (three pieces of bread and about 3-4 tiny gator meats and the seafood gumbo, not worth it here.I don't even know if I can give this place ONE star... I would have felt bad giving this to a homeless person. I had the "alligator tamales" which sound appealing and were in fact disgusting. The sauce tasted like it was a can of chef boyardi expired years back. Attached is a picture of my aunts red beans and rice which FOUR of us (and a pigeon) tried to eat and it was unpalatable. NEVER EVER GETTING THIS PLACE AGAINI know a bit about New Orleans, a city of Festivals, as I have been coming to the city for 21 years. One might argue that the growing crowds compromise even the best of food service and that a customer should expects a less than satisfying experience. This is nonsense to be resolutely rejected. The quality of an eatery should be professionally managed even under such stress. After all there is no adjustment of the bill, On the occasion of French Quarter Fest I decided to eat a burger. To sum it up the meat was gray, the cheese was unmelted, the potatoes were greasy cold, the bun was stale and the service totally indifference. All this after waiting 25 minutes for the order. In NOLA it is the custom to try to be friendly to everyone. N'awlins could change that attitude.Don't waste your time or money here.  Mediocre food and incredibly bad service. A very dissapointing waste of a 25 minute wait for 3 small pieces of unflavorfull bites of meat.  Lame.This place is the bomb!!!!!
we came from the 305 MIAMI
to eat the worlds famous Voodoo burger and Seafood Gumbo it was awsome.. Here at the french market place u must come here if u are in N.O.!!!!! Also check out the Awsome spices that they own next to the cafe!!!
The staff n cooks are awsome
thank for the experience. 
Ask  for Z... and take a picture great guy n owner.!!!!!I had the voodoo hamburger very good and spicy hot. Just wish they used another type of bun so it would fall apart.Decided to check this place out for an afternoon snack after strolling through the French Market. Don't let the pictures of all the celebrities behind the counter fool you, the food is just not very good.
I got a "small" bowl of gumbo, which was actually huge. Much more food than I had anticipated on eating for as a snack. Probably enough on its own as a meal.
The gumbo itself was very bland, and not nearly thick enough. This was one of those situations where quality was so bad, the generous quantity was irrelevant. 
For the price, you could probably do significantly better elsewhere.Seafood gumbo is very flavorful. Not very thick at all. Nice rice to soup ratio. Huge crab legs. I was impressed. 
I was disappointed because they just opened and were out of shrimp po boys already. Didn't make sense.Great food! Went there for a quick "alligator-on-a-stick" snack but after seeing some of the other entrees we had to try the alligator burger and gumbo. Everything we had was some of the best food we had while in New Orleans! If I am ever back in the area this will be a must stop.I paid $20 for the gator plate which was the same thing as the gator bites, which are only $10. Definitely a rip off, never coming back. Also the gumbo was nasty.If you love seafood gumbo don't miss this place! 
I'm not from New Orleans, but I know my gumbo. When my family and I visited New Orleans, I began my search for the best gumbo. I ate at a variety of places throughout NOLA, including the gumbo shop, court of two sisters and others in the French Quarter, Treme' the warehouse district, CBD and uptown. Hands down, N'awlins had the best seafood gumbo that I tried. There is something about the flavor of the stock that they use that warms my soul! They don't use corn starch or anything to thicken it, so the flavor is pure. The dirty rice was also good and the service was friendly and genuine.We decided to try the gator bites. For $12, we got 6 very little pieces of really salty meat on top of French bread and half a plate of potatoes.  I should have yelp this place before I ordered. This is a total rip-off!Horrible service, food is sub-par to say the least. Avoid if you're in New Orleans, plenty of other places around for better food.Stopped by here because it smelled good and the counter was empty. It was empty for a reason.  The crawfish étouffée was watery and bland and my friend had the lobster baked potato which was overlooked with only 3-4 small bits of lobster. Two other patrons came up and ordered but ended up canceling due to the extended wait ( which we couldn't understand see that we were the only two other people there. 
I DO NOT recommend this  place... Walk down to the next spot and save yourmoney!!In the French market,  we thought since it had a line it should be good.    Wife had the crawfish po' boy.  Very bland and had too many green peppers.    I had the voo doo Burger thinking it was going to have some type of amazing sauce.   It was a double meat (small frozen)  patties with bacon and pepper jack cheese.  Very dry and burnt on the edge.    Now it was made fresh because it took a long time for use to get the food.     I would recommend looking around. So much better food in new OrleansI found out about this place because a person walking down the street had the bag.  Hahha.  Come here for spices and a quick bite to eat.  My purpose here was to get some Nawlins spices.  
They have a sample area where you can try the spices with some bread or chips.  I was apprehensive in trying anything because the bread and chips didn't look replenished.  The person working there was pouring a spice into a cup, but the spice was chunky.  She shook the bottle a bit and poured more of it into the sample cup. She walked away to help a customer with a purchase and as I got closer to the cup I noticed there were bugs crawling in the sample cup that she just poured for me to try.  It was disgusting.  I showed her the cup and she opened a new bottle and threw the old one away.  
Even though this little fiasco happened I still happened to make a purchase of something else from their 3/$12 deal.  They also have other products that are not part of the deal and start from about $8 a bottle and up.   It's a place you should stop by and visit when in 'Nawlins.Service was great.  Servers were very personable.  Too many selections in in he menu.  Hard to choose. Sauteed alligator meat was very tough and chewy, and not much meat in the poboy.  Red beans and rice was good though.  Place was clean though.Amazing! So good!! Who would have thought that red beans and rice would be so tasty! I had with the alligator sausage- the beans were definitely slow cooked with great spices, the sausage was the right side of chewy. I would see go backGreat quick service.  The son owns it now n he was working there and had his son there. I appreciate that it is truly family owned n they bust their behinds. 
The service great and the GUMBO amazing....full off seafood! The pineapple lemonade was refreshing. Great little BOOTH in French market so remember that when u write a review.We only ordered one small creole okra gumbo and it was GOOD! A small size was enough to share between two people. The rice to meat ratio was perfect. We were also able to taste the okra, as it was not overpowered by the roux. As for the service, our server was nice, attentive, and the gumbo came out piping hot and fast.When I ordered Gator on a Stick, I expected pieces of gator on a stick. Instead was given a gator sausage??? False advertising right here.Crawfish omelette was delicious- great setting in the market place- would definitely eat here againI agree with the previous reviews. Don't waste your time or money here. Even if the food had been great, the service is horrible. It took almost 45 minutes to order and receive our food. As others mentioned, their system is very inefficient. They call your name when the food is ready, however, if you order more that one item it will come out at separate times (a substantial amount of time between each). I paid about $11 for gator bites that consisted of 6 small pieces with cold, undercooked potato wedges. The gator bites were fine, but definitely not worth all the hassle and the price.Myself and two friends ate here. They each had a problem with their food. One's jambalaya was intolerably spicy, which she loves spicy food. The other her red beans and rice had no flavor with salty sausage. Don't believe I will returnOrdered the vegetarian jambalaya. Their big vegetarian signs suggest they care about providing tasty vegetarian dishes. Not. It was a horrible brown mush with frozen vegetable medley.
Politely told them it did not taste good and asked them to replace with red beans and rice.  Got told no twice. Had to insist again and finally got a side of red beans and rice. Which was ok, not great.
What a poor business model, that they would choose to lose a customer and get a bad yelp review rather than cheerfully give up some pennies' worth of red beans and rice!YUMMY! I ate here twice during my 5 days in N'awlins!
This gem in located in the French Market.  They have a huge selection of hot sauces and other Southern specialties on the right side of the walk up bar seating area.
While here, I tried the Alligator sausage on a stick.  Very yummy and straight to the point.  I dipped it into a mixture of their house made and bottled hot sauces.  My combo was the Mango hot sauce mixed with Lower 9th Ward hot sauce. Very tasty indeed.
On my second stop here, I tried their famous Voodoo Burger.  Double Burger, Cheese, Bacon, Jalapeno slices, pickles, lettuce, & tomato.  It was absolutely divine.  The side of potatoes with mixed peppers was very nice as well.
We had the privilege of meeting the current proprietor of the place,  They've been in business for generations and I believe this older gentleman was the grandson of the original owner.  We also met his son or grandson (can't remember) who was just the most polite young man.
I really fell under their Voodoo Spell at N'awlins Cafe.  It was one of my favorite foodie spots on my trip to NoLa and I would without a doubt recommend you stop by for a taste.
I bought 3 bottles of hot sauce to go.  Pricey, but so worth it.While it's convenient in you're hungry in the French Market, the food was nothing to rave about.  The gumbo was thin, lacking on seafood, and salty.  Probably one of the weaker gumbos we tried in NO.  It's more of a touristy place to eat.  And, with all the truly amazing restaurants just minutes away.  N'awlins needs to step it up.If you are looking for AUTHENTIC  gumbo or any creole food this is the place to come!!!! Be ready for a wait but you will be extremely pleased with the quality and not to mention the spice and seasonings they make with love!!! Don't pass this place up at the French Market! We are repeat foodies and never miss the opportunity! See you guys again soon!I had never had gator before... so when my cousin mentioned this place had "gator tamales" I was quite curious as I am a BIG fan of tamales.
They were REALLY REALLY GOOD! I am ready to go back and have some more. Comes with delicious potatoes and onions. 
I do have to note that the service is very slow. It took about 20 minutes just to be acknowledged, maybe another 15 for the food to be prepared (there were 6 people on the stools, all of them already had their food). The woman behind the counter was nice but she took way too long to greet us/take our order.I was at the French Market and decided to eat here because there was a line, so I thought that this place would be good. I was wrong. I ordered a shrimp po boy and waited 45 minutes to get it.
Waiting for 45 minutes at a busy restaurant doesn't make me mad, but when many people who ordered after me get their orders before me, then I get a little upset. After about 20 minutes of waiting, I asked the lady about my po boy and she looked confused before telling me that it was coming. Since it didn't come until a lot later, I feel like they forgot my order. 
Still, after waiting for 45 minutes, I had hope. I thought that the po boy would be the best po boy I've ever eaten. But after I tried it, I was extremely disappointed. The potatoes that came with it had no flavor, which is strange since the restaurant is connected to a spice shop. The bread was hard and the shrimp was plain. I would definitely not come here ever again and can not recommend it to anyone.Decided to eat here after exploring the French market and looking at all the food places. I LOVED it. The very first po' boy I had ever eaten and it was delicious. The shrimp were warm and perfectly cooked. It came with Cajun potatoes, which I don't know if they were supposed to be cold or not, but they were still soo good anyways. Women working were very nice, and service was fast.Ordered gumbo. Waited 10 minutes. The gumbo was cold and had 1 shrimp in it and 2 pieces of sausage. Not goodWe have been in NOLA for about a week and visited many different eateries and hands down this place has the poorest attitudes out of those we've met here in this great city. When I ordered gator on a stick only to find out it was a large sausage on a stick I quickly ask if I could have something else off the menu and the manager refused and would not even come to tell me himself he chose to let a waitress do his dirty work!We care here on a Sunday at 3pm and waited for 1 hour for a poorly made dry seafood platter. 
They didn't want to give us a refund. If you value your time, please don't come here. The food looked microwaved, very disappointed!I'm not understanding the bad reviews. Glad I checked it out randomly before looking on Yelp!
I had the crawfish sausage po-boy with seasoned potatoes, and it was great.  The crawfish sausage was superb. Girlfriend had the Tilapia plate - and it was also very good.
Service was friendly, and the prices seemed fine to me (this is the French Market, after all, not a flea market in Baton Rouge). 9.95 for the po-boy platter, and 12.95 for the Tilapia (huge) plate - seems about right.
Nice spot to dine at the counter, we had a cajun bluegrass band playing on the nearby stage...the restrooms are a bit of a trek though, and require some struggling through cramped aisles & market shoppers to access them.
Check the pics I posted of our food...legit!Waited half an hour for a gator on a stick , other people's food was bought out quicker and even other people who bought a gator on a stick after me I don't know why but .. it was okay seasoning wasn't bad but it's more of a one and done type of food for meAvoid. After waiting 30 minutes for jambalaya, it was cold. Seems like they couldn't push the buttons properly on the microwaveEasily the worst food I've ever had in New Orleans.  I love cajun food from nearly everywhere I've ordered it, but this place found a way to ruin it.  First, took more than 30 minutes to get our very small order of food, which is fine, but the jambalaya was actually cold.  Not lukewarm, but truly cold.  The rice was hard too, meaning they clearly didn't cook it.  I ordered an $11 order of gater bites, and it came with five and a half "gater tots".  Literally, not one gater bite was bigger than a normal tater tot.  I brought them up to the counter to ask if this was correct, and they said it was.  Meaning it was $2 per tater-tot-sized gater bite.  They served it on a bed of shredded lettuce to disguise it as more food.  Every item we had was cold (after waiting half an hour), not one item was good, and with so many options within a block's distance, there's no reason anyone should ever bother eating here.If I could give one star I would. The po-boys are terrible, have maybe 4 pieces of crawfish on it and even the meat has no taste!! Avoid at all costs! Insanely priced, you are better off going anywhere else!!!Ordered hamburger which got the job done. Was not a big burger but waitress let me know that ahead of time, which I appreciated. Probably the size of a Macdonald's cheeseburger. They don't have a fryer so "Cajun potatoes" were done on flat top. They were out of certain things like milk and the sweet tea wasn't ready yet.( per couple next to wife and I). And it was still early. Around 11:00 a.m. Would not eat here again but it did put some food in my empty stomach.All kinds of Cajun cuisine and just delicious. We came for the chicken boudin because we don't eat pork but they were sold outJust finished lunch here. Poor quality. Should Yelp next time before sitting down at their tableThe Gator on a stick is absolutely amazing!!
The "Taste of N'awlins" is a great way to try a taste of all the creole food in New Orleans!!If I could give zero stars I would. This is absolutely the worst service I've ever had at any establishment ever. DO NOT order anything from here if you are in a hurry. You will wait to order, wait for your food, check on your food, wait some more, wonder what the hell is taking so long, wait some more, check on your food AGAIN, wait some more, begin to contemplate just leaving, wait...wait....wait.... and wait.
I waited 35 minutes for a small cup of gumbo. The only reason I stopped here was because they had been featured on the food network for their gumbo. Well let me tell you. Save your money and time. I've had better gumbo from a can. 
Will not be back. Ever. The only thing positive was that I was able save 10 other customers from wasting their time or money while I was in line by letting them know that if they were in a hurry they should absolutely not order anything from here.So I have read other reviews and mostly due to bad service. I am here at 10:30am for breakfast. Not a lot of ppl so needless to say service was not bad. I order the breakfast creole bowl. It's delicious. Spicy, and all. Hit all the spot.I ordered the alligator piquant(?) and my gf had the turtle cowan.  Mine was good hers was okay but tons of lemon.  The service was horrible and the food very over priced.  Portions are very small and the food took forever.  I could see the kitchen and they microwaved everything on a styrofoam plate.  Honestly mine tasted pretty good for microwave food though.  I would not go back again or recommend however.Ordered the gator bites, and received half a plate of potatoes and 4 quarter sized deep fried gator bites. Not worth the price or flavor. I also asked for a cup of water and was denied. Free water is a legal right in bars and restaurants. Try gator bites elsewhere!I don't know why the rating isn't better here. I stop by this place every time I'm in NOLA. The potatoes served on the side are some of the best I've ever had. I could eat that with every meal. The bbq shrimp are great too. Last time i was there January last year, I stopped by and was lucky enough to meet the owner Cajun King Arthur. He was the sweetest. He sat down with us while we ate and made us feel so welcome. He even came out of the back and brought us matching pink Nawlins Spice Emporium tshirts. I thought that was the greatest. Absolutely loved him. Can't say enough just about him. Will be one of my first stops when I go back in June.I am very disappointed in this meal. It was not nasty, edible, but nothing special to rave about. My boyfriend and I both ordered poboy plate and a drink that cost a total of $42. The poboys were only atleast 6 inches each, that were cut in half on both of our sandwiches. The bread was chewy and made everything in our sandwiches fall out when we bit into it. The balance of the meat to stuffing to bread ratio was not good. I couldn't taste anything but the bread and the spices that they used on the soft shell and crawfish. 
Now I like the seasoning used on the meat. They got that down right, but just needed more meat in the poboy and the bread to cook longer. The potatoes were okay. It was probably only a small red potato cut into pieces and season for both our sides. 
What I hate most about this place, is that they don't have a price for everything on their menu. I understand that this is a place in the market area, but for the price i pay and the food I got does not equal up. I could have gotten more for the same price in a restaurant. And next time that's where I will go. Also, there are no refills on drinks for sit down customers. 
Not my best experience with NOLA food and I come to the city every so often since I don't live that far away.Not impressed by this place. I ordered the small gumbo and it was $9 (which is a bit too pricey for such a small bowl). Got the chicken, andouille sausage and shrimp one and it was too shrimpy (almost like shrimp gone wrong) & greasy. I've had much better elsewhere in NoLa. I'm sure the spices are great but the seafood quality was extremely lacking.This review is for the on-line store. I ordered 4 items February 8, 2016. Feb. 17, I received 3 items, only one was what I ordered. Feb. 18, I sent an email requesting the rest of my order. Feb. 20, posted same request on their website. Feb. 23 received email asking me to review their products. Feb. 23 I sent an email and I called them and someone answered the phone and told me to call back another day because they were experiencing bad weather. Feb. 26 posted request again on website. Feb. 29 posted again on website. Feb. 29 I phoned them and got a peculiar answering machine and left message. Breakdown 2 emails, 3 post on website and 2 phone calls. I give up.
Revised. After I finally reached them by phone, they were so nice and sent me the remaining items I order. The take away from this is ORDER BY PHONE, NOT ON WEBSITE!!!!!  Their spices are really wonderful, when you finally get them.I came because I really wanted to try the gator on a stick! But because I've never tried it before, I don't have anything to compare the taste to. That being said, the gator on a stick was good, but like the kind of good where you would nod while eating it and say...yeah, it's pretty good, but I wouldn't come back. Somewhere between 2-3 stars~Just another reason we should check yelp first. Crazy long wait for gumbo and poboy on a slow Monday afternoon.
Ridiculous. Disappointed that we chose this when there are great other options next door. 
Our friends went to meals from the heart cafe next door and they were very happy with their food. They also got their food and finished it almost fifteen minutes before our food arrived. 
This restaurant clearly has issues.Today was the first day I ate something without checking reviews first and what a mistake! I visited the store and ordered a grilled shrimp poboy. With tax I paid over $17 for a small roll with 8 tiny over cooked shrimp, 3 woeful pieces of lettuce, 2 half pieces of tomato (I asked for no tomato), and the tiniest amount of mayonnaise I've seen with some potato on the side. I didn't finish the poboy and ended up going next door and buying a crepe which was excellent. The lady who served me didn't seem like she wanted to be their either. I wish I hadn't tipped before getting my meal. I would definitely not visit again.If you want to go through the trouble of finding terrible New Orleans food & service, here's your place.  Terrible experience and one of the worst overall experiences I've ever had at a food establishment.  I ordered a shrimp po'boy, and the crawfish.  $33... which at the time I was thinking was pricey, but figured maybe the crawfish is off the charts.  
After waiting FORTY MINUTES, I was disgusted and asked for a refund.  The manager suddenly surfaces and starts to aggressively explain to me why it's taking so long, counters that it hasn't been 40 minutes (even though it's time stamped on the receipt) and tells me that it's a parade day and that's why it's taking so long.  I said making a sandwich shouldn't take 40 minutes at a place that serves what's supposed to be fast served food.  Then, my food magically appears during this discussion... which I'm sure isn't just a coincidence.  
This was all bad enough up to this point, but now on to the quality of the food (something which the manager served up as one of his reasoning for it taking so long, that he only serves quality/freshly prepared food).  If McDonald's served a po'boy, it would of been better than this.  The crawfish was a 1/3 of a cup of minced crawfish in a little bowl, along with two paper thin pieces of bread (you could see through it, and one of the two had a big hole in it, so it was just the crust).  I brought it to the lovely cashier and asked how can they charge almost $20 for this tiny portion and she just gave me that raised eyebrow, stop bothering me and go away look and shrugged her shoulders.  
This place should be shuttered and replaced with someone who deserves this location.Service was slow but the waitress taking our order was polite. Stopped to try the gator on a stick and it was pretty good. If you are close by stop and try it but don't go out of the way to try the food.The food is alright. We're a little disappointed that the food was bland. The seafood platter had a lot of seasoning on top of the fish but not inside the fish. The burger was bland. The shrimp boudin also needs a little more seasoning, the shrimp is a little rubbery. I guess you can say we expected the creole food to have a little more seasoning in general. The person taking our order was super nice.Agreed with all the bad reviews earlier. Should have checked Yelp first before I order! 
Took them 45 mins to get the food on a slow Monday afternoon. Super salty and dry jambalaya and tasteless catfish poboy. Don't believe all the pictures they took with the famous people or the food network logo. 
Tourist trap!I loved my 3 egg omelette with crawfish! So delicious! The atmosphere is nice for people watching as people walk around the French market.Try it for yourself before ignoring the place! It was our first time eating here and the service was great and food was really good!Way over priced! $15 for a shrimp poboy with a side of potatoes. Sparce lettuce and little shrimp. Got overcharged $4 and the cashier acted like I was an idiot. Should have read the reviews first. I got my mediocre sandwich, ate it while my husband waited 45 minutes for red beans and fricken rice! Save yourself the grief!The food is way overpriced for what you get. I ordered the po boy and the bread was stale. My mom's order didn't even come out, she had to go up and ask about it. Total rip-off, I do not recommend this place at all.Wanted some authentic New Orleans food. the food was definitely not what I expected. I paid $15 for a ham and cheese sandwich on French bread. Too thin slices of low-quality Ham. There was nothing special or authentic about it. The lady at the counter was rude when I made a comment about the lemonade, which tasted like a lemon squeezer and not a natural Lemon.It's fun to walk through the market with lots of food options. We sat at the bar counter and my husband ordered a poboy on our last day in New Orleans. He had been watching people order them at restaurants all week and decided to try one. He said it was okay. The size was much smaller of the ones we had seen  else where. Prices were on the high side.