we met up with some friends and were going to see a show at the Rock & Bowl. We went to Ye Olde College Inn, as we had read great reviews. Not so much....I don't know if we were there on a bad night, but it was a subpar meal at best. For starters I ordered the onion rings and our friends got salads. The onion rings were the best part of the meal- perfectly fried and stacked in a fun tower. The salads were average. I tried the shrimp remoulade and fried green tomato po boy, which was good, but not great. I didn't remember to ask for it dressed and it wasn't offered, so maybe that would have helped. My husband got the veal cutlet, which didn't impress him much, either.  My friends ordered a side of fries that was so cold and undercooked that we had to ask for them to be replaced.This place was incredibly tasty.  I got the "crawfish delacroix" and ate every bite.  The waitress was really nice, and hooked us up with some free dessert, which was amazing as well.  They have Abita Turbodog and Abita Amber on tap, and I got both.  I went with a regular so she knew a lot of people there so it appeared to have a "homely" feeling associated with it at the bar. The ambiance is nice as well as the wall is decorated with various decor from past decades.  The prices are a bit high though.  Certainly recommend this place!Nice little spot away from the hustle of downtown. Atmosphere is great with a bar area with plenty of seats. 
Cocktails were stout...especially the old fashion. Appetizers came out and I was a little put back by presentation, and the taste was so so. Then the enter came out... Wow!! One of the best meals I've had so far. The special was the pecan crusted fish. It truly made up for the lack luster oyster appetizer. 
Overall, I'll be going back for moreWent on a Saturday night,busy but no wait for a table.Service was polite but very,very slow.Food was just ok,but it was definately a local crowd.We did order from a section of the menu that got us 10 bucks off of our cover to see Kermit Ruffins next door at Rock and Bowl.Kermit was also eating there,so that was kinda cool,What a great find. Truly a locals place with amazing food. Fairly limited, but adequate wine list. We had the crawfish Delacroix and the special
Seafood entree of the evening. The portions are massive - we ended up taking 1/2 home. Try it out! It's an Uber or taxi from the French Quarter but so worth it!I have SEVEN food allergies and the chef here was willing to go out of his way to buy and prepare ingredients so I could come here and have a real, home-cooked Southern meal.  It was excellent.  Hubby and I really enjoyed our whole visit.  Super cute garden guarded by Jesus and Mary next door.  The hostess was super friendly and made us feel very welcome.  Our waiter was knowledgeable and also great.  Thank you for a great time!I liked this place because you could tell as you walked in the door that this place has some history to it. In a place like Ye Olde College Inn...I always ask the waiter "What will I be missing out on if I don't get it?". My bow-tie sporting waiter recommended the hamburger steak because they their beef from 100% grass-fed cows from a local farm nearby. This seemed like something that I shouldn't pass up. Unfortunately, it was nothing special. If I could do it over...I'd get some Cajun food. When I went I was flying solo; I feel like this would be a cool spot to go on a date night...just wasn't awesome enough for me.We ate here our 2nd night inNew Orleans.  We went for dinner on a Tuesday night.  Super inviting atmosphere.  Ordered "fresh" catch of the day for one of the entrees.  We joked that it might have been fresh at one time but certainly not today.  Shame on me for not sending it back.  It was that bad.  Shrimp and grits tasted good but again it seemed maybe not as fresh as it could have been.  Crawfish etouffee was good.  Kids enjoyed the hamburger steak.I definitely have to update to 5 stars - this is one of my all time favorite places!!! I feel so good here - the atmosphere is great - the staff is spot on, & the FOOD, OH THE FOOD!!!! SO GOOD!!! always SO GOOD!!! I have brought guests here & it is ALWAYS a big hit!! Each & every dish I have is full of flavor & exciting - I love the house salad - unique & tasty - not just a chuck of iceberg on a plate but a symphony of lettuce, yellow squash, gorgeous tomatoes  in a delightful dressing!! gorgeous!
I have had the Fresh Catch (AWESOME), the Light & Healthy Broiled Fish -(FANTABULOUS) & the Lamb Shank (TO DIE FOR!!) & on a splurge went for the fried bread pudding po-boy - OHMYGOSHSOGOOD!!! others have had a raved about the fried green tomato shrimp romoulade po-boy, the crawfish delacroix, shrimp & stone ground grits, gumbo etc - it's all so good!!! love it!!
fantabulous place!! keep up the good work ya'll!!!Don't be fooled by the exterior and location. I've had several people tell me that they thought this was a college bar. It's more casual upscale dining and happens to be affiliated with the RocknBowl next door. 
I'm so glad that my friend had a gift certificate! Good excuse to discover a great place. The gift certificate was neat in itself because it offered food at the restaurant with bowling and cocktails at the RocknBowl. I think that duo gift certificate would be a great gift.
Walking in, I met my friends at the nice-sized bar. I was underwhelmed by the beer selection, pretty basic. (Owners let me know if you add Hoegaarden to the menu, and I'll take this part out of the review ;)) Nice people gathered around tasting wine and appetizers. 
This was a Tuesday night. We had reservations and were seated promptly. Our server Joe was awesome. He was cheerful, very attentive and always had a smile on his face. His skills shined when he described the Mahi Mahi special. We all thought it sounded divine because he took the time to described all of the ingredients, the way it was cooked, and exactly how it was presented. Two people at that table ordered the dish and were extremely pleased.  Enough about Joe.
My friend and I decided to order four appetizers; onion rings, gumbo, fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade, and fried oysters with blue cheese on a bed of lettuce. I'll order the oysters every time that I return because they were a treat. Cooked perfectly so that you could still taste the oyster inside. As for the gumbo, dark roux makes my heart smile. I can't believe I've never attempted to make gumbo myself, but when I do it better taste like this. Not that it was the best ever, but it wasn't overcooked and tasted like homemade.
Every thing was good, and Joe even brought out their signature dessert with a candle for my friend's birthday, fried bread pudding. We decided it was bread pudding with a fennel cake on top. Everyone adored it. I, on the other hand, don't like bread pudding so that was that.
I will definitely return, probably with out-of-towners that want sample some New Orleans delicacies.I had the chicken fried steak po boy, added fried green tomatoes and a side of gravy. It was delicious. My husband raved about the crawfish Delacroix and said he could've eaten two plates.OMG so happy to have rediscovered this gem during last trip to jazz fest.  Haven't been there since the 80s when I lived in NOLA.  it was so good we went two nights in a row.This is the first restaurant that me and my bf visitted on our trip to new orleans. It definitely did not dissapoint. We got referred here by a family friend and we were glad that it made the cut. Coming from memphis, we knew the seafood in NOLA is on another level. We ordered the lobster mac and cheese, it was great. But it didnt really stood out. The lobster was not juicy. It kind of tasted like dried lobster. We ordered the bbq shrimp. That was really good. They really flavored the broth well. It goes well with the shrimp but too overwhelming with the bread. The portion is small and it is a little pricey so keep that in mind. For entree we ordered the fish of the day special. We loved it! Fresh and well flavored. Lastly we had the fried bread pudding which is also very good but i would ask them to separate out the glaze since it made the bread pudding lose its crunchy texture. Overall, would come back for the bread pudding and the fish.Always superb. My main dish is typically the cartwright filet- can't go wrong. The mojitos!!! I prefer the blueberry one but they are all delicious! Of course, make sure you snack on their onion rings before your main arrives!! So good.
If you're sensitive to sound, I would not recommend this place.Yes, it's a hokey name, but go anyway. Solid menu with several stand-outs, including shrimp and gouda grits, fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade, and gumbo. (In retrospect, I wish someone at our table had ordered the duck!) Possibly a tad pricier than one might expect, but our party of eight (including three well-behaved little boys) was so pleased with our adventure beyond the French Quarter that we didn't notice. Extra points for outstanding Christmas decorations.Got the catch of the day: crawfish with creole and corn. It was cooked juicy and corn was good. Fish on top is kinda fishy: leaves a fishy taste and you will need gum afterwards. The Mac and cheese thing we got for appetizer. Delicious! Sat at 8:30- got food at 9:30pm. Yep- wait shucksMy girlfriend and I ate at this place a couple months ago. The staff was nice, and when I didn't like the soup the bartender suggested because it tastes sour(spoiled), he didn't charge me for it, and brought me a chicken and sausage gumbo instead. This gumbo tasted like it was out of a campbell's soup can. The appetizer of bbq'd shrimp that cost 10 bucks came with four medium-sized shrimp, and the sauce was too salty and thick. They gave us a some kind of complementary bread pudding for the rotten soup which wasn't too bad, and is the only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars.This place probably has one of the best Mac n cheese I have ever eaten! It blew my mind.. Now on to everything else. We ordered a cheese plate that included 3 cheeses (don't remember the kind) and 2 meats (prosciutto & salami). I wish it would have came with toast or cracker. All was good though. For dinner we orders the lemon pepper Chicken, puppy drum (special), and a sprout salad. All was perfectly cooked and everyone enjoyed. Finally peach cobbler à la mode and fried poor-boy bread pudding for dessert. Amazing!!New Orleans is the happiest place on earth!  My tummy is singing right now.  To be honest, I don't think we would have made it here if we weren't going to rock'n'bowl.  About a 1/2 hour wait, but no problem with a cocktail for me and giant Jenga outside for my son.  Chicken livers, oysters with blue cheese, and fried green tomatoes awesome.  Entrees we had were outstanding;  a wedge of iceberg lettuce with fried oysters served with a steak knife, gumbo with kale, mustard greens and spinach, BBQ shrimp with oh so savory sauce, and a basic burger that my son said "rocks my jaw open".  Well worth the wait, whether you're bowling or dancing to zydeco afterwards.This was a bust. Walking in, we were made to feel we were an inconvenience to the hostess, like she was tired of having to seat people. After being seated, we waited about 5 minutes for someone to come to our tabke, then finally just had to flag someone down. 
The thing is, they were fully staffed and only maybe a third full. 
After flagging down a server, they told us they would be back in a minute, and never came back. 
So we got up and left. Never got drinks, never got menus, as the staff seemed preoccupied by their conversations going on at the host stand and back in the corner.
No worries, because we found some good food down the road at another restaurant.I've driven by this place countless times and always assumed it was a divey, college, pub-fare sort of place, probably because there was a place of the same name just off campus in my college town. And that place was nasty.
But, I was in for a pleasant surprise with this Ye Olde College Inn. Met friends for dinner and was seated immediately (6:30 pm reservation on a Saturday night). Promt, friendly service in a nice open space.
We had the shrimp, fried green tomatoes and remoulade appetizer and I could have licked my plate it was so good. The poboy of the same name was massive - easily dinner and lunch for the next day. I had the catch of the day and would easily have it again. A week later, I couldn't tell you exactly what I had so it wasn't that memorable, but no complaints.Terrible service. Long wait. Seated in the back right next to the kitchen which is open. Server was terrible forgot about us many times. Food was just ok. When asked to try a draft beer server brought me a whole glass and charged me full price even though I only took one sip and didn't like it. Server killed this meal and the food just wasn't good enough to save it.Excellent service from a totally fun and friendly waiter Jonathan. Great food. Loved the fried green tomatoes, shrimp and grits, sprout salad and strawberry mojitos.The Poboy just seems like a necessary step when you come to visit New Orleans. And what better po boy to try but one that has received notoriety? 
Ye Olde College Inn happened to be only a few minutes from the apartment that I was staying at, so it was very lucky for me. The place looks kind of small but is much larger on the inside. We were immediately seated, and given menus, but we already knew what we wanted to order. 
We decided to share the crawfish macaroni and cheese($12), as well as the fried green tomato and shrimp remoulade Poboy($16). The sandwich was huge so we got it split between the two of us and that was more than enough. 
I honestly did not know that shrimp remoulade was supposed to be cold, but the surprise was rather nice. The baguette was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, and the fried green tomatoes provided a nice and crisp little touch to the sandwich. 
I did not care too much for the crawfish macaroni and cheese. The noodles were al dente, but they were little under seasoned. The crawfish was quite abundant though and I did enjoy the creamy sauce. 
Our charming waiter insisted that I try the fried bread pudding($7), and though I was a little full, I did get it to go. He even came by to show me the proper method for pouring the rum sauce over the bread pudding, and that it had to be eaten in the next 25 minutes for the optimal taste. I took his warning to heart, and got a second wind by the time we made it back to the apartment. The bread pudding was crispy on the outside, and so soft and moist on the inside. Absolutely delicious, and I don't even like raisins!
I suggest trying this place at least once, and I'd be happy to try the other entrées on the menu. Next time I might even go bowling.I have been eating College Inn since I was a little girl getting fried chicken at the old buliding. What they have done to revamp it in the new building is the best thing to ever happen to the place. Everything at College Inn is fabulous. This time around I had the Veal Cutlet, which is the same piece of meat on the chicken fried steak poboy. I didn't leave a crumb on my plate,  it came with sauteed spinach and mashed potatoes. Yummmmy stick to your ribs comfort food. Other things I have had here are the fried shrimp and fried green tomato poboy and the fried oyster poboy, there was this delicious duck appetizer with a citrus glaze on the menu that I had once and it was so good, but it wasn't available this time. I would like to see that back on the menu. The heirloom tomato salad is delish and the hamburger steak is so homestyle yummy.I cant forget to mention the killer fried bread pudding. Dont't expect to be friendly to your waistline here, but I love eating at College Inn, always so happy to go there.Biggest portion sizes ever!!! I got the fried green tomato shrimp po'boy and my mother got the pork chop. My picture of the po'boy doesn't do it justice. It was 12" cut in half filled with deliciousness!!! The pork chop was tender and full of flavor. On the side was a very unique jambalaya patty. Whatever's it was it was delicious!!! We started off with their onion rings. Very tasty!!! Overall, I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a nice dinner.We ate there yesterday and had the hamburger steak with garlic mashed potatoes and green beans almondine....it was delicious. Large portion, so we brought the rest home.Sigh... How I LOVED Ye Olde College Inn before Katrina.  It had such a wonderful old school NOLA dive ambiance with two sides consisting of a dining room and a bar room.  I nearly always ate in the bar room as it had such a fantastic old school NOLA "broken in"  and "lived in" feeling to it .  They gave you these great little glasses to pour your beer into and you always got a little lagniappe snack from the kitchen (and you looked directly back into the kitchen when sitting at the bar).  They also used to have one of the most fantastic fried seafood platters in the entire NOLA area.  
Ahhhh how things have changed.  The old site was torn down after severe Katrina flooding and a new and glitzy restaurant took it's place.  The new place attempts to go for a more high end ambiance than the old place and just seems much smaller as it combines the bar and dining areas with the effect that there just doesn't seem to be that old school NOLA dive "feel" anymore and it it wasn't for the pictures and other decorations on the wall you could just be eating nearly anywhere in America from the interior of the place.  
The menu is much smaller with my beloved seafood platter no longer being anywhere in sight.  The food seems to have attempted to go a bit more upscale but it just doesn't seem to be as good to me here as it was before Katrina and I really do miss that old place.  The resurrected, shiny, new Ye Olde College Inn just seems to be a pale reflection of that glorious old dive I loved so much no matter how much glitz they add.  They need to go back to the classic old school dishes that made this place famous back in the day.  We've got plenty of fine dining options in NOLA and I LOVE fine ding but we only have ONE Ye Olde College Inn and I want the classic menu back!New Orleans has a lot of its own peculiarities, such as giving directions as towards the river or towards the lake.  The same is true for businesses and restaurants, often described as "before the storm," or "after the storm," a reference to Katrina.
Ye Olde College Inn, before the storm, had been around since 1933, serving cocktails and localized favorites like po-boys, chicken or pork chops smothered in gravy, and the like.  It had a very regular group of customers for its consistent cuisine and reliability.
In 2003, local entrepreneur (Rock n' Bowl)  John Blancher purchased the restaurant, and gently starting to shape it to his vision, restaurantus interruptus came along with Katrina, which put three feet of water in the restaurant.
Undeterred, Blancher was able to reopen for limited service after a few months, in another property, 30 feet west of the original,  and he hasn't missed a beat (or meal) since.
Ye Old College Inn of today not only features the local favorites, but has also considerably amped up its menu with creative cuisine and locally sourced ingredients.
The nite I visited they were offering a special hamburger, ground in-house from beef tenderloins, capped with seared fois gras and gold leaf, along with fresh-cut fries.  It was superb, as was the service.
 If you're visiting New Orleans, you can hit the restaurant via a pleasure journey on the St. Charles/Carrolton streetcar from the Quarter or Garden District.Mediocre even for an airport restaurant. I ordered the fried green tomatoes and salad (which never came), but the friend green tomatoes were delicious. I sat at the bar and service was ok--margaritas were served pretty quickly, but I had to get my bill corrected when I was charged for the salad that never arrived. I would probably give them another shot next time I come into town and I'll make sure to update my review if it's any better.Just had a wonderful evening celebrating a graduation. Our waiter Michael was fantastic. He remembered the drinks and meal orders of all 15 of us by heart, and divided up the checks with no error and no fuss. The shrimp and grits were great and the shrimp po-boy was large and just right.  This is a great neighborhood restaurant. Ask for Michael!I am sad to report that for the first time ever, I went to this place tonight, on my birthday (when I could have chosen a ton of fabulous places to celebrate. The service was very disappointing. One of our glasses was imprinted with the previous customer's lipstick. Our water glasses stayed on empty. My filet was ordered medium and it came back rare, when I asked them to please fix it, it came out done on the outter edges but still rare on the inside. The green beans and the brussel sprouts were all but raw. The drinks took a long time to come out and it was not during a busy time for the restaurant. The waitress, although she was informed there was a birthday being celebrated, and although it was noted on the reservation....she never regarded it by saying any pleasantries. We spent upwards of $150.00 and was sorely disappointed. No apology or offer to correct any of the issues. It will be a long time before I go back. I am a life long resident of NOLA and I am just sad about this experience.MOST AMAZING EVERYTHING! Went with a group, shared and ate off everything. Group of 6 and we couldn't stop raving! 
Brussel sprouts are amazing. Crawfish Mac and cheese is best Mac and cheese ever. Amazing mash potatoes and BBQ shrimp alsoThe special seafood gumbo was absolutely delicious! I would definitely eat here again!  The charcuterie & cheese board had a nice assortment and was excellent as well. My fresh blueberry mojito really put me over the moon, yum!Ordered onion rings to go.. when I reached home they were about 6-7 thin thin onion strings. not to the least the onion rings I saw served on a stick.
I called no apologies responded that is the way they serve them contrary to the pics I just saw on yelp. Didn't care if I would ever come backHaven't been there in years mostly because they are only open at night and I am usually not in that area at night. So I ordered the chicken fried steak poboy that they always known for, but it wasn't anything like it use to be - it had a very thin crust and grizzle in the meat - so disappointed. They use to have a better grade meat and fluffy crispy fried crust. What happened?  I do believe they should open for lunch at least one day a week and have some lunch specials and bring back the original chicken fried steak sandwiches. The service and the waiter was excellent. Very friendly and quick service. The chicken fried steak taste like the packaged frozen ones you might get at Sam's.This is a really cool spot for a nice, but not hugely expensive, dinner. Loved the shrimp remoulade and fried green tomato po'boy! Wish the bread was a little less substantial, however, the sandwich filling was incredible. The bacon brussel sprouts were cooked perfectly. The corn/green bean side dish had a little bit of a vinegary taste to me, however, that might totally be how it was intended to be. I really appreciate how some of the food is grown in garden next door, and they clearly appreciate seasonal ingredients. 
Both the bread pudding and sticky toffee desserts were 100% incredible. Also, the service was friendly and super efficient. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone!Trying out restaurants and decided to give this a try. The oyster appetizer was DELICIOUS! I had crawfish Delacroix - very good. The atmosphere was friendly and relaxed. On a whim we got the fried bread pudding and really enjoyed it.  We will definitely be back.Good food, great service, reasonable pricing. Those three equal 4 stars.we go here often. If it's after 6pm... make reservations! We love this place. So typical New Orleans.Old time favourite since the '60's and still a bastion of New Orleans cuisine.  The original classic went away and since the Rufin Brothers have passed on it has been sold and rejuvenated. The menu is limited now but still has offerings of the classical past. I had one of my favourites the shrimp remoulade which was served on a bed of fried green tomatoes, shrimp, and a splash of New Orleans remoulade. I do not compare the present with that past, but this dish is superb and enjoyed it with a wine, and I prefer red with tannin to harmonize with the drops of Crystal hot sauce I like, so I found a nice California Zinfandel. To me, it is nouveau Nouvelle Orleans... Bon appetite et SantéI made my first visit to YOCI last night with my girlfriend and another couple and I will DEFINITELY be back. So good!
Girlfriend knows some of the chefs, who hooked us up with a comped appetizer and dessert, making the meal that much better. The grilled flatbread app featured oxtail and was delicious. The table also shared some fried oysters (topped with blue cheese!) and BBQ shrimp. Both fantastic. The sauce accompanying the shrimp was thick, creamy, and not to be wasted. Good thing it was served with some toasty French bread for dipping. For my main course I had the hamburger steak, which was topped with sauteed onions and brown gravy. Huge portion so I've got some left over for dinner tonight too. And finally, don't leave without sampling the fried bread pudding. 
Bonus: Giant Jenga outside the front door. Check out the pic.
People keep asking me what my favorite restaurant is in NOLA and I've never had an answer. If my next few visits to YOCI are as good as last night's, I'll have a response ready in the future.We just had a wonderful birthday dinner at Ye Ole college Inn! The food was delicious! Everything came out fast and as ordered. We were a big group and our waiter was friendly and super patient, even brought out an extra dessert for the birthday girl.  The scallops special was one of the best dishes I've had in my 6 years in Nola.This restaurant is a gem.Loved this place.  We had my sister's 40th birthday and they could not be more accommodating and nice.  The food is the best I has in New Orleans.  The Shrimp and Grits were amazing.  They also have great PoBoys and fresh salads from their own farm.  
I am so excited they opened one in the airport so I can have one more meal before our trip is over.The "college inn" has a great interior that feels warm and cozy with exposed brick and a lofted seating area. It is comfortable while still being a nicer establishment and it seems that everyone feels welcome here. The crowd was mostly older wealthy-looking patrons with a few groups of younger twenty-thirtish people dressing up for a night out after dinner. But, don't be fooled by the quality or pricing of the food- you could easily dine here in jeans and a sweater and fit in. 
Anyway, less about the ambience..let's get to the food. Meeting a group of people here I wanted to know beforehand if I was going to be able to eat anything they served. So, I called. That's when I found out that no they do not serve anything vegetarian except some of their sides (you could also look up the menu at their website). So, I ate at home and decided to split some desserts. 
While our friends had chicken with coffee grinds rubbed into it and duck in a brown gravy sauce we had two chocolately desserts (my favorite kind). First, the chocolate peanut butter pie for $5.50. Doesn't that sound delicious? And at a good price compared to some of their entrees. But, having made this dish many times in my life I was deeply disappointed by the version here. The dark chocolate crumbly crust was good but the rest was not flavorful and not even worth it. I would never order that again. 
The other dessert item we got was a chocolate caramel something-or-other and was much better. It was oozy and gooey and just the right amount of chocolate and caramel flowing together. This is something to go back for.
But, with literally nothing without meat on the menu and the disappointing dessert item Ye Olde College Inn gets only two stars for ambience and really nothing else. 
It can also be very busy so make reservations (the morning or the day before) and the acoustics are not great so don't bring the hard of hearing here.This is not a place to go with anyone with dietary restrictions. There is NOTHING to eat for vegetarians, and while they made substitutions, and alterations to their menu, the waitress made it clear that she wasn't happy about it. I felt judged and like I was an annoyance to her.
The service was snide, impersonal, and rushed, as in she clear plated without asking while people were still eating off them.
All in all, not for me. Not going back there.Haven't been there in years mostly because they are only open at night and I am usually not in that area at night. So I ordered the chicken fried steak poboy that they always known for, but it wasn't anything like it use to be - it had a very thin crust and grizzle in the meat - so disappointed. They use to have a better grade meat and fluffy crispy fried crust. What happened?  I do believe they should open for lunch at least one day a week and have some lunch specials and bring back the original chicken fried steak sandwiches. The service and the waiter was excellent. Very friendly and quick service.This was bar none- the best meal I had in NOLA. Wanted to dine in a local place and this was perfect. We were the only tourists in the place. Food was superb and fresh- a true farm to table experience.Fun place with excellent and fresh food!  Fried green tomato, oyster Poboy, onion rings, and don't pass up dessert!  Ask the waiter "what's good tonight" and you can't go wrong.  Eat at the bar and really get a huge dose of local flavor from the regulars while watching a baseball game.  Reasonably priced and friendly staff.Great place!  We had a party of 5 and everyone was very happy with this choice.  The menu is mostly seafood, but there are some very good non-seafood alternatives such as the Carrolton Chop which was delicious.  The shrimp and grits was another popular and delicious dish.A must stop when in NOLA. This place did not disappoint. I had one of the best dish in New Orleans, Crawfish Mac n Cheese! I literally licked the bowl. They also have one of the best Shrimp and Grits.JUST AVERAGE - Too much MSG!!!!!!! The food is good until the poison kicks in. It's kind of hit or miss. Too much fusion. Too much packaged seasoning. Trying too hard to change the menu. They need to get back to what made the Inn a N.O. staple - good home type N.O. food.Fried green tomato shrimp remoulade poboy about 14" long. Delicious. Definitely need to split it. Wonderful. Everything our table ordered was fabulous, but the crawfish Mac n cheese was outstanding! Love this place.I was really hoping for more from this place.  I've tried ti 3 times and never once come close to being satisfied.  I'm done.  Service is always pretty crappy, but that's not a deal breaker for me.  Every po-boy I've had has been not worth half of what I paid for it.  I wouldn't recommend eating there.  
This lanes are also some of the worst in the city.  If you're gonna go bowling, go to a real alley.Omgosh,  I came here cause I wanted to try this soft crab dish and it wasn't even on the menu.  The waiter told me its only on special days.  Which I asked how would I know and he just said you have to call.  So I ate the entrees which was not good at all.  Burger steak was dry and tasteless.  The only thing good was their dessert.  Other than that I wouldnt come here again.We went to the airport location in terminal D.lish.us!  After a weekend of heavy eating in New Orleans, I just needed a vegetable or two.  I ordered the tasso greens, which looked so odd when they arrived at the table I thought I might have to send them back. They are clearly cooked in some kind of milk or cream (who does that?!) Lemme tell ya.... so damn good! Likely the best greens I've ever had at a restaurant. I wanted to call the chef out and personally shake his hand, then get the recipe but we had a flight to catch. My margarita owas also weird looking but fantastic. The color was like an electric yellow. But I'd have ordered another one if we had the time. Lastly, I got the crawfish etoufee with red fish. Omg! So much deliciousness in one meal. I was told that their bread pudding was bomb.com but I simply didn't have the room in my stomach or the time. But I'll be back!The Crawfish Delacroix was delicious. The baked fish was perfectly cooked. Topped it off with the fried bread pudding. Service was quick and very friendly. Nice casual atmosphere. Will be back to try the Braised Lamb Shanks!This was a very solid dining experience. The service was prompt, the staff was friendly, and the food was good.  No complaints.  I won't say it was a meal that blew me away, but it was just the right thing for a Friday night out. It's definitely on the rotation for dinner options while in New Orleans. While a little pricier than the average pub, it does kind of have that familiar, cozy feel of a place where you can warm up with a hot dish and a beer. I definitely recommend it.Saturday evening for dinner.  My first visit.  This is not, as noted in other reviews, an "all-you-can-drink" college bar.  This is the place your parents take you when they are visiting.
If you are driving anything lower than a SUV, you might want to take it easy pulling into the parking lot.  
Nice atmosphere, eclectic crowd.  Bar area is well stocked, clean and organized.  Nice fixtures and furniture.  Interesting memorabilia as wall decorations.  Looks like a good place to watch a football game.   We had great seats at the window.  My only complaint - am I the only person who notices when tables wobble?  They make shims specifically for this purpose.  I know they are pain for the restaurant, but a stable table (that was an accident!) certainly enhances the experience.  
Service was excellent. Friendly, quick and didn't hover.
Menu was not what I expected.  The menu is not that big and doesn't have a lot of the traditional bar foods.  There are several fairly sophisticated (said the chicken wing connoisseur) appetizers and entrees.  I never thought of myself as a picky eater, but I was struggling to find an entree that I really wanted.  I kept migrating to the poboy section.
Somehow, I managed.  I pulled myself from the abyss and ordered an appetizer and an entree. The duck appetizer was delicious, but there wasn't a lot of it. It didn't feel like it was a good value.   It would have been nice to have some bread at the table with it.  Grilled Chicken entree was very good, real mashed potatoes and some fresh, albeit overgrown, asparagus.  The grilled chicken salad was fresh and tasty.  
Plan on $25 per person for dinner.  I'm not sure I would go back for dinner.  I will be back to try one of the po-boys.I had perhaps one of the best meals...ever!
Visiting NO on business and was looking to find a great local spot away from the "Pottersville" ("Its a Wonderful Life" reference ;-) that is The French Quarter.  
The app  special of shrimp and grits rounds (fritters) were served over a (waitress-described) ratatouille in a white sauce that was superb and made me want to lick the plate clean. I keep a list of the best dishes I've ever eaten and this one has now been added to that list. Entree was almost as good...a special of red fish with shrimp, oyster mushrooms, charred tomato and potato veggie hash. It was perfectly cooked with a light, smoky taste.
The atmosphere was casual and comfortable and clearly had lots of natives. Our server, Megan, was so pleasant and friendly, and extremely knowledgeable about the menu.
This was truly an outstanding experience. Loved it!This is a great relaxed but upscale restaurant.  I had the shrimp and grits and it was outstanding but not too much.We had ​the seafood gumbo and the crawfish Delacroix. It was delicious. Annie was a terrific server.I love this place everything is fresh the puppy drum special is delicious so is the oyster appetizerLongtime Established Satisfying Food
This is a place that's been around as long as I can remember, though it's been through cosmetic changes to keep up with the times. The food is always tasty, well presented in a traditional New Orleans style. I ordered the pompano topped with crawfish etouffee, wedge salad, and seafood gumbo. All were very good. The gumbo, however, though tasty, only had shrimp in it. I sat at the bar and the server was very friendly and accommodating.We stopped and enjoyed a wonderful dinner at this restaurant close to where were staying in New Orleans
Everything was so delicious here.
Our dinner was perfect from start to finish.
We enjoyed the wedge salad with creamy chunky blue cheese dressing, they were kind enough to split it for us and it was plenty for two.
And we each had an appetizer of fried green tomatoes with shrimp and Remoulade sauce on top of it Awesome
If you do go there you really must have their fried bread pudding for dessert it is warm,soft with a sauce on it and it is to die for, delicious.
Loved the ambience inside and their service was wonderful And our waitress Annette S was most friendly and helpful.
This is our first time at this restaurant and the first time here in Louisiana and New Orleans and we may just go again on this vacation,because we had such a great experience.Really delicious food and a great, laid-back atmosphere. The only bummer was when I called 3 weeks ahead for reservations - we had 16 people and had to be split into 2 tables - but that can be attributed to how popular they are! It really wasn't a problem though. 
I'll definitely be back next time for another Fried Green Tomato Shrimp Po' Boy.Was so happy. Very attentive wait staff best wedge salad EVER, ice cold lettuce and yummy homemade blue cheese dressing.  Ambience was very local and perfectThis is my favorite place to go for a laid back dinner in New Orleans.  I predictably order the oysters bleu, the fish special, and pecan pie, and have always been extremely pleased.  (You could try many fancier, trendier, pricier restaurants and not do as well.  They don't serve lunch, so I'm fortunately but unfortunately not put to any such choice at that time.)  
There are a few minor quirks, which obviously haven't really affected my overall experience, but are worth mentioning.   I usually breathe a sigh of relief that I made a reservation--it always seems slammed except at weird hours.  The interior is interesting--I find it charming, but your mileage may vary (don't miss the photos).  They default to leaving the silverware even after really heavy apps.  The coffee is boring.Fabulous! I wish I'd found this place sooner. The lamb shank with pastinae was divine and the fried bread pudding poboy is a must-have desert, like a cross between a beignet and bread pudding. Outstanding! The onion rings were a delicious appetizer and presented beautifully.There is really nothing left of the old Ye Olde College Inn now except maybe the po boys.  This is now a farm to table focused establishment that is doing great fresh food.  I'm a big fan of farm to table but this place just isn't the Ye Olde College Inn anymore so I'd rather they just change the name.  I miss the classic old school NOLA neighborhood family joint dive that Ye Olde College Inn used to be and now its just become mostly a fancy food dining joint.  I'm a fan of fancy food dining and farm to table but I miss the food and ambiance that Ye Olde College Inn used to provide as there just isn't anything else like it anymore in this area of New Orleans.  They just need to rename this joint Farm to Table Inn and then reopen Ye Olde College Inn nearby with the classic menu.
New version: small high quality portions, nice preparation, high prices, mediocre to bad service.
Olde version: huge portions, expert preparation, cheap prices, excellent to outstanding service.
That could all probably sum up a lot of things in NOLA these days between the old and new of things.
Before Katrina I used to eat at Ye Olde College Inn several times a week.  After Katrina with the restaurant evolving to what it is now I've evolved to eat there around once every 5 years.  The current food is very good but its more special occasion food and not the joint I used to be able to grab a good quick affordable lunch at or splurge to feast on a gigantic seafood platter (they don't even do lunch or a seafood platter anymore).  For special occasions the ambiance here doesn't work well for me so I'm usually heading to Commander's, Clancy's, Arnaud's or Galatoire's for the most part.  I just have a hard time fitting the niche of what this place has become into my dining rotation unless I happen to be going to Rock and Bowl.I hadn't been to the Inn since they moved to the new building...for those counting at home, that means I hadn't been in almost a decade.
I do think the "new" space (when a restaurant has been around since 1933, then the 8 year old building is still new) is really airy and attractive and clean. 
The menu is really different but that's a good thing. BUT I think they try to be fancy for fancy sake and miss there mark. I brought a couple of out of towners here on Saturday night and the wait was 45 minutes around 8 pm. Really I know better. 
I started with a special appetizer, since our server was really soft spoken and the restaurant can be lively, I think I misunderstood. I thought I was getting a bruschetta type dish, but ended up with grilled cheese, sort of. It was brieoch bread and the brie and strawberries were not of a quantity to stand up to it. Plus I'm not really sure what the greens and egg were doing there. Although the egg was perfectly poached. My entree was the appetizer portion of the crawfish mac-n-cheese which would have been much better without the truffle oil which was a bit heavy handed.
My dining companions loved their dishes the redfish delacroix and the remoulade poboy. Plus the folks next to us raved about their porkchop and hamburger steak dinners.We had the best experience ever tonight. We had a large crowd for my daughter's birthday dinner that expanded from 16 to at least 20. Jules, our server,and the other staff could not have been more accommodating. We brought a birthday cake and he carried it in with lit candles at the perfect moment. He didn't balk at several checks, and was so professional. And, incidentally, the food was excellent! I had shrimp remoulade served on a fried green tomato, and shrimp and grits-fabulous! 
We followed up the evening with bowling and music at Rock n'Bowl- what an enjoyable night!!!Pretty good overall.  Good service and good food.
I started off with the tomato soup, which had squash, carrots, and other vegetables from the garden.  It had decent flavor.
I had the fish of the day (i.e., redfish prepared with spicy jumbo shrimp, corn, strawberries, blueberries, and red cabbage.  Everything went well together except for the strawberries and blueberries. 
I also had a side of bacon brussels sprouts.  Too large and needed maybe a minute or two of cooking.  I like brussels sprouts a touch more tender.
For dessert, I had the GF chocolate decadence cake.  Very rich and fudgy.  Very nice way to end the meal.
I'm glad I went, but due to proximity and the food being just good, I probably won't be back.It was even better than I remembered it, from when I used to go, when I was younger. 
The new decor is very nice and wide open. The bar is large and roomy. LSU was playing, on the TV.  
Our waiter, Jimmy, was exceptional. Really great waiter and a great guy. He took great care of us, even our friend that has multiple food allergies was accommodated. 
We had to get to Rock n Bowl, so we skipped dessert. All 5 of us loved our meals.
BBQ Shrimp-I was told was incredible. 
The wedge salad looked great and my friend loved it. She had shrimp and oysters added. 
The Crabmeat La Maison was extremely yummy. 
The fish was Drum, for the night we were there. 
Our friend, who got the fish of the day meal loved it. And, we loved the fish special; there were beets, crab, cranberries, with the fish. The flavor explosion was a treat.This place is amazing. Every dish we have tried has been good. My favorite is the Catch of the Day. It is whatever the fresh fish of that day is, with crab meat on top, covered in corn maque choux with a delicious corn paste. The flavors mix together so well! In addition, their vegetables come straight from their own vegetable garden which is outside of the restaurant, so everything is very fresh. Their drinks are also all very good. This is a restaurant you will want to visit again and again. It has been around since the 30s and has a lot of character.Love the atmosphere. Always a great crowd. Waiting area can be a bit crowded on a Friday or Saturday night but that's to be expected for such a popular restaurant. Food is excellent always. Wait staff and Hostess are always very nice and sweet. The owner is always visible. And parking is pretty easy being next door to rock and Bowl. This is a must do when you are than Orleans area.Stopped in on a whim during a respite from the FQ on a NOLA trip. Wasn't prepared to eat a full meal, but had three apps between my husband and myself. We could not have been more satisfied! Huge portions for appetizers, and everything was delicious. We had a seafood mac and cheese, gumbo, and a jambalaya stuffed bell pepper. The place seemed very busy, but we were sat without a reservation, and served by a super friendly waiter who was friendly and gracious in spite of the fact we were taking up space without having a full meal (we tried to be quick). Would go back next trip!Went there after work one day and had the pecan catfish over greens. The greens were cooked down, but the fish was bland. Our waitor checked up on us occasionally, they close at 11 so we had time to enjoy our meal and a drink.
Had some fried oysters, fried green tomatoes and the shrimp remoulade, pretty pricey but good, especially the oysters.  
The kitchen is out in the open so you can see but it's in a corner, originally it was designed for a Thai restaurant but Katrina did damage to the originaly building the restaurant was in, so they went ahead and took over the space intended for the Thai restaurant.
If you see the owners of Rock N Bowl in there or there son, John, dont be suprised because they are the owners.
I will give it a second try another night.Stopped in New Orleans to visit family on our way home to Texas from South Carolina. They recommended Ye Olde College Inn for dinner last night and it did not disappoint. When we were told it would be a 30 - 40 minute wait, my dad's girlfriend asked if we wanted to get a drink and wait or go to a Mexican restaurant -- I am so glad we got the drink and waited for the table, because it was definitely worth it. Our server, Annie, was a delight! She knew the menu well and answered our questions knowledgeably. We started with the cheese board -- a nice selection of cheeses (bleu, manchego, Brie, and cheddar, along with a hogsheads cheese, pork pate, and prosciutto, and small wedges of crispy waffle). 
My daughter enjoyed the Pompano topped with Lump Crab Meat & Pesto served with Asparagus & Crawfish Rissotto. She let me taste it and it was very good! My dad mentioned several times how much he enjoyed his Crawfish Delacroix, which was a Baked Gulf Fish Filet, Steamed White Rice, and Crawfish Etouffee, while I was very pleased with my selection: Shrimp and Stone Ground Grits -- Jumbo Gulf Shrimp, Papa Tom's Grits, Ye Olde Bbq Sauce, and Waffle Crouton. Dad's girlfriend, Lamb, chose the BBQ Shrimp and the famous onion rings from the appetizer menu for her meal -- she has ordered this before and enjoys it every time.
My husband went with Brutus' Caesar Salad, with the addition of grilled chicken, because he'd splurged on richer foods earlier in the day. He said it was good, but the chicken was s a little drier than he would have liked. 
Overall, we enjoyed our visit and plan to visit again when we are in town.An old friend of mine took me here while I was vacationing in New Orleans. My husband and I both enjoyed out meals. 
We shared some jumbalaya for an appetizer . . . soo good! 
He got a Filet that came with spinach and I got Chicken in a Dijon sauce that came with mashed potatoes and asparagus. Both were delicious!! For not being a steak place, the steak was awesome!! (We shared) 
My only issue was the asparagus were not fabulous, but everything else more than made up for it. 
The service was also awesome. It was a Tuesday so we walked right in and were seated! Would definitely go back if in the area!I was informed I review the wrong location so I'll repost properly. No matter. The place is still the bomb.Great food with reasonable prices. Bar is well stocked and very friendly. Brett and Mike are the best. Make a reservation. The restaurant is busy, especially Fri. and Sat.I've been visiting NOLA for 10 years and just had my first dinner at Ye Olde College Inn. Started with a yummy blueberry mojito and shrimp remoulade with fried green tomatoes for app. Shrimp and grits was amazing for the main course. Don't refuse the fried bread pudding for dessert!1. go in the kitchen and read the sign over the oven and be inspired: 
"ANYTHING YOU VIVIDLY IMAGINE,
ARDENTLY DESIRE, SINCERELY BELIEVE, 
AND ENTHUSIASTICALLY ACT UPON,
MUST, ABSOLUTELY MUST, COME TO PASS."
2. best food in New Orleans and the whole country
3. at the end of your meal you will give the chefs a standing ovation
4. talk to the locals at the bar
5. Revel that you are alive and can eat hereDon't let the name fool you. Everything was amazing. Got the fried green tomato and shrimp remoulade po boy. I've had about 30 po boys in New Orleans and this was definitely top 3. Crawfish Mac n cheese was also unreal.Yum, yum, yum. Service was amazing, food was beyond delicious and priced right.Ate here last night for the first time in s very long time!! It was really good! I had the wedge salad, which didn't have a ton of blue cheese dressing on it and they added bacon to it! Can't go wrong with this lady if you put some bacon on it!!! I had thr shrimp and grits, which were quite good, but a little too heavy, even for me!! I will definitely go again soon!! Oh, and cosmos were great and strong!!!Ye Olde College Inn has been around a very long time - and the quality of the food and scope of selection has never been better. The bar area is great with a Tulane and other local sports orientated theme. Attractive murals on the walls of the restaurant depict scenes from New Orleans circa the 1930's. Service is prompt, casual and friendly. If this restaurant were in any number of other cities, I would have given the food a strong 4 stars. However, given the standards of New Orleans, I decided to go with  3 on the food rating.  However with the great atmosphere, quality of bar, friendly service and good food = 4 stars overall.My wife and I went to the College Inn last night for a simple dinner. The shrimp poboy was stuffed on wonderful French loaf (Gendusa's?). Onion rings were stacked high and done to perfection. Our side dishes were both delicious, plentiful, and obviously prepared to order. 
We followed this with some dancing at Rock n Bowl and called it a night. 
I would certainly recommend a visit for a nice simple meal or for a variety of other very appealing entrees.Our server Monique rocked. Everyone enjoyed their entree's. Solid gumbo and the desert menu is a killer, especially the sticky toffee concoction.Solid place for casual yat-food.  Love the turkey and andouille gumbo.  Good onion rings and top notch po-boys.  Try the hamburger steak!  Good service. The guy that owns Rock-n-Bowl owns College Inn, and he's often hanging out at the bar along with a bunch of other yats.  He'll thank you personally as you leave, which is a nice touch.Really good hamburger but everything else sucked. Gumbo had two slices of sausage and was bland. Chicken tasted gross.Last night was my third visit to this local gem. The food has been consistently phenomenal and the specials always seem to be something you've never had anywhere else. 
There is a small private upstairs area available upon request for parties of up to 14. You still get the atmosphere of the restaurant (it overlooks the main dining area) without disturbing the general public with your rowdy friends.
One of my top picks for bringing out-of-town guests because rock and bowl is right next door and who doesn't love that?
The only reason I went with four stars instead of five is because my pork medallions were on the dry side last night. But, that's my only complaint!
The boy ordered the caramel cup which was a bit too jiggly for me. I didn't try it but only because I was far too involved with my fried bread pudding. Delicious!!Had the seafood gumbo and shrimp remoulade for dinner. Gumbo wasn't hot or tasty and the remoulade was odd. Served over fried green tomatoes, so the cold shrimp and warm tomatoes were not compatible. We were seated upstairs (hadn't even realized there was an upstairs) and though the table was comfortable, there wasn't enough room for the server to maneuver. Consequently, we had to stand up and walk our dirty dishes to him and to receive our drinks and food. Not a great experience.I normally don't write Yelp reviews, but this place is so good that I feel like I have to. Stunning food. Awesome service. Perfect vibe. My two friends and I ordered a shrimp starter, roasted duck, entree of the day (fish and crab) and the famous bread pudding. The chef loved that we were ordering these dishes to share, so he ended up offering us an extra complimentary starter of the day (crawfish and eggplant)! Everything tastes absolutely amazing. You really can't go wrong with this place, tho I personally prefer the two special dishes. So sad I'm leaving town soon, or I'll definitely come back here over and again!This place is worth checking out for some excellent  food and nice local ambiance it's out of the way unless you are checking out a show at rock and bowlThis place came as a recommendation from a former resident of New Orleans. Our friend has been frequenting this establishment for years and I understand why. The decor is nostalgic and fun. Full of pictures and memorabilia. Our server, Jimmy, was knowledgeable and friendly. He really made our experience a true 5 star experience. I had to order the award winning friend green tomato and shrimp po boy. It was everything I expected plus more. The bread was killer. Crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. I highly recommend trying it. My husband ordered a chicken fried steak with whipped potatoes and sautéed spinach. It was hearty and the brown gravy was comforting. It was perfect for a cold day like today. This place isn't worth just one visit it's worth several and I can't wait to have my next meal here.AMAZING!!!! boyfriend got the oyster poboy with bacon and havarti cheese....he absolutely LOVED it! I ate the brisket with Brussel sprouts cooked in bacon fat over grits instead of mashed potatoes ...only bc I don't eat potatoes... It was absolutely delicious...if you don't eat brussel sprouts, you'll eat them after trying them here. The brisket was SOOO tender and the flavor along with the brown gravy made this entree a 10!!when you guys come, ask for Jimmy to be your waiter. Great personality, very knowledgeable and can answer any of your questions about any dish!!! I will definitely be returning!!! You won't regret it!It was fine. Nothing to write home about. I had the pork chop, and it was good, but a little overdone. Dinner for 2 was $90 with no drinks. Will probably not be back.Third time dining here and it never disappoints. Consistently great food and service. I Ordered the ouster poboy with bacon and Harvarti cheese on my last visit and my gf ordered the brisket dish. No shortage of oysters on my plate. The brisket was tender and flavorful and the Brussels sprouts, cooked in bacon fat, were as expected. Fried bread pudding is a must. Add a scoop of ice cream to that if you'd like. 
Jimmie, our server, was extremely knowledgeable of the menu, friendly and attentive.Excellent EXCELLENT local NOLA PLACE. go here and buy an entree or even just grab some of the amazing gumbo. Every dish was a treatI remember driving by this place when I was a kid, but never went it. My Dad was born and raised here and I have been taught all our family recipes so I know good food when I taste it. This place is delicious and legit. Jimmie was our sever and he was fabulous. Excellent service, spot on recommendations for food and drink, and just a generally nice guy. Would highly recommend and we plan on coming back next time we're in town.Chef Bradley McGehee has outdone himself with his take on creole cuisine. His crawfish toast is amazing as are his deep fried oyster fritters. His version of the Po'Boy dibrees sandwich was wonderful. We had shrimp and grits that were sooo good, the pork medallions, and the red fish smothered in crab meat. If you can get in and get a table you must get the crawfish toast. I guess Bradley also believes no matter how good something is, it's better deep-fried, so definitely try the bread pudding for dessert. He made me a believer. See my video on youtube or my blog for the full story.We would order their poboys for pick up when we were just lounging around my brother's house and didn't really want to go out and about.  Pretty decent shrimp poboys.We came from Houston and were looking for some good Louisiana food. The po boy here is the best tasting one I have ever had. The Mac & cheese was really good as well. We did take out but they were super nice when we picked up.The shrimp remoulade poboy is my favorite shrimp poboy. The boiled shrimp are large and seasoned perfectly, the fried green tomatoes is what really kicks this sandwich up a notch. It adds flavor and a nice crunch and the remoulade sauce marries everything together. The bread pudding is fantastic too! 
We did not wait long on a Saturday night (party of 2) and the service was excellent. Its a good place for an inexpensive but delicious dinner.This place is awesome... very "New Orleans", authentic food. We hade a group of 14 people and the service was awesome!! I ordered the Gumbp and Pork Tenderloin and both were delicious!!! I highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone:)I was shocked with the changes at the place. It used to be a grimy, nicotine-stained dive, but now its a big, clean, high-ceilinged place.
The fried shrimp poboy was very large and delicious. The gumbo was good.  I've also tried a redfish dish topped with crawfish etouffee.  It was tasty -- much more like fine dining than anything at the old college inn.  It was $17 ... more than I'd expected to pay at College Inn, but still, its about $5 or $10 less than what you'd pay for the same dish at other restaurants.  I'll be back ... probably for a shrimp poboy, priced at $10.After a long day of traveling, my friends and I were hungry for a great meal. Our dining experience at Ye Olde College Inn was the perfect start to our trip to New Orleans. Our server, Jimmy (if Jimmy is your server, you are SO LUCKY!!), welcomed us to New Orleans with all of the southern charm and hospitality we could ever dream of. I ordered the Fresh Catch, which I highly recommend. Ye Olde College Inn is a bit out of the way of the French Quarter, but it is worth the journey.After dozens of dining experiences at Ye Olde College Inn over several years, I can say without reservation it's my favorite "locals" restaurant in New Orleans.  They are a "we can do that" kind of restaurant!Loved everything about this place. Jimmie was the best waiter ever and made many excellent recommendations! The brisket was great and desserts were terrific, especially the bread pudding and special strawberry cobbler!Great old New Orleans eatery. Lots of locals. Wonderful Atmosphere.  Don't miss the poboy bread pudding. Among the best in townFood was great, as always.  However, our dining experience was made superb by our waiter, Jimmy.  Jimmy made great recommendations and had a cheerful and friendly attitude that made our night.  Best waiter ever!  Thanks, Jimmy.Atmosphere - quirky and fun - but classy at the same time.
Service - awesome. personable and friendly
Food - comfort food at it's best.
Get the beignet desert - you won't regret it !Although it has been close to 20 years since my last visit, I have been to College Inn numerous times in the past. But since that delay was so vast, so many things have changed. Although the location is (roughly) the same, the building is totally different. My childhood memories recollect a much smaller, darker, family environment. My most recent experience shows a much more modern, open, and quirky place. Both experiences deserve 5 stars.
I remember as a kid I would always get their spaghetti and meatballs. Not really sure why. But I always remember being excited about our trips to College Inn. Back then, I probably couldn't have fathomed crawfish mac n' cheese or even known what truffles were. Now I can't imagine going here and NOT getting that. The truffle wasn't overpowering, it was loaded with crawfish, and full of flavor. The noodles were not your regular elbow but was a Cellentani noodle. How do I know the name of it? I Googled long curly pasta to find out exactly what it was called. 
When we arrived (late) to join our fairly large group, they already ordered a few appetizers for us to have when we got there. The onion rings were absolutely outstanding. And the fried green tomatoes were near perfection with a delicious sauce and tons of shrimp. There was not a thing that I had in this meal that was less than stellar.
Since my wife and I split such a hefty appetizer and there were others already on the table, we decided to split a shrimp po-boy. The shrimp was fresh and plentiful, and the bread was soft and delicious. All the recipes needed for a great po-boy. The service was great and the beer was cold. If all that doesn't prove to be 5 stars, I'm not really sure what would.This may be the toughest interview I've ever had to write. I want to give them a 5 star review, I really do, but I can't be biased. The fact of the matter is that the fried green tomato and shrimp remoulade Po'boy is absolutely perfect. It is by far one of the best Po'boys I've ever had in my life, and I've had quite a few. The flavors blend so well, and all the layers of this sandwich are perfectly executed. If you're only to try one more po'boy, ever, this one wouldn't be a bad choice, at all.
Now, with that out of the way, Ye Old College Inn seems to be extremely overrated. The other Po'boys are good, really good, but nothing too special. The other entrees I've tried (pork medallions and a chicken dish I can't exactly remember) were good, but the portions were extremely small. On top of that, everything is pretty overpriced ($13 for fried green tomato+shrimp remoulade is worth it, none of the other prices are). 
If expect A+ service from a restaurant with such high prices and tiny portions, but the service always seems lackluster. I've never had a bad experience with servers here, per se, but I've also never had a memorable one. It just doesn't seem like the management cares that much about the customers. 
I would suggest going here if and only if you want to try an amazing po'boy. If that's what you want, you'll definitely leave happy. If you want ANYTHING besides that, well, you may leave happy but you won't leave full!Amazing appetizers and drinks.  I enjoyed everything I have eaten from here.We went with a group of 8 with reservations and were seated promptly and in a table with adequate space (as opposed to some small restaurants that try to jam you in an undersized table).
My order, the Carrollton Chop, was delicious, but the side of sweet potatoes was under-seasoned (please excuse the horrendous picture).  Manfriend really enjoyed the oyster, bacon and havarti po-boy.  The gouda grits are absolutely amazing.  The bread pudding po boy and sticky toffee pudding desserts were probably the dishes everyone liked best.
Overall, they serve pretty good food.  Unfortunately, the general consensus was that it is ridiculously overpriced (other Yelpers seem to agree also). We spent over 50 dollars on a po-boy, side of grits and a pork chop with bad sweet potatoes.  Because the food doesn't live up to the price point, we probably won't be back.My wife and I love this place - we stop in for dinner every time we're in town.  I always have the Crawfish Delacroix - wonderful crawfish etouffe over a nice piece of white fish.  The crawfish remoulade with fried green tomatoes is my favorite appetizer.  The gumbo is wonderful.  
I love the feel of the place too - it is very much a neighborhood restaurant, rather than a tourist destination.  If you want really good food in a cool atmosphere, give it a try.I had the liver and onions as an appetizer, and it was delightful. The liver was cooked jut right, and the onions was grilled to perfection.  For my entree I had the lamb shank, it was fall off the bone goodness. 
The server was very attentive, and was friendly too.
I will be back.I've met with groups here occasionally for years. I have never had anything but outstanding service. The atmosphere of this 75 year old establishment is nice but casual. I love reading the quirky old local signs and the wall mural depicting a local scene.   
My recommendation for the a nice Nawlins lunch is a cup of gumbo and the fried green tomatoes smothered with a cold shrimp remoulade. 
This restaurant  has great fresh fish. In the last 2 weeks I've eaten here twice. The fish specials of the day won over every other dish both meals.  Unfortunately I didn't have the specials either time. I had the redfish Muniere, which was very good. I  tasted my husband's crawfish etouffee over redfish, It was a bit too salty for my taste on this occasion.  My next meal was an oyster po-boy. The oysters were a small and overcooked so it was not the best po-boy I've had but the bread was fresh and crusty.
Everyone said the desserts were fabulous. I had the chocolate cake, which was really about 3 decadent desserts rolled up into one.Not knowing much about New Orleans Cajun creole oyster whatever style food, I thought this place was real good. The fried green tomatoes with cold shrimp and remoulade sauce was fantastic. So were the slow cooked pull apart pork medallions over some sort or mustard greens. I would go here again.All I can say is this place is outstanding! Every dish that we got was fabulous. 
I had the special, a stuffed soft shell crab. It was one of the best things I have ever ate.
My wife ordered the shrimp and grits. You can get this almost anywhere in the south, but this one was the best I have had. The shrimp was cooked well (no shrimp flavored erasers) and the grits were out of this world. The dish was really elevated by the addition of the tomato chow chow. 
Our service was outstanding and they actually made a decent mint julip too! I highly recommend this restaurant and plan to be back here frequently!Excellent food and casual ambiance. Where my Iowegian can satisfy his seafood cravings properly.This is a great option and stays open later in the evening.  They have a solid menu with fresh ingredients and the specials are always interesting.  The service is always attentive and friendly even when you arrive close to closing and with a group.  Have never had a bad meal and they have great healthy food options in addition to New Orleans staples.  We normally stop here because it's convenient location and their later hours.You know when sometimes all your expectations are met and exceeded? That is @yeoldecollegeinn. The food was delectable and service very friendly.
Pinky rating: * * * * * (Could have eaten the Mac & Cheese alone but the PoBoy was a nice addition.)
Proppy rating: * * * * * (HELLZ YEAH!!! Mac & Cheese was to die for.)Excellent food, great service, cool atmosphere.My husband and I were luckily able to get in with reservations. This was our best meal while in New Orleans. I had the seared boat scallops with pesto panko and gulf prawns on a bed of crab risotto . 
I ordered a side of Smoked Gouda grits because-hey-I was in New Orleans! Everything was delicious-I ate every bite-The best risotto I've ever had. I wish I could get the recipe! My husband had the Red fish with almond rice and steamed veggies. He loved his as well. The place was busy but our waitress was attentive and helpful when we were ordering our meal. 
My husband had a root-beer float for dessert and loved it. If we make it back we want to try the Rock n Bowl establishment the same people own next door.Some of the best food of our first- time trip to NOLA in a relaxed friendly lively setting.Starting out with tasty cocktails (iced tea with vodka and fresh mint from their garden),we then loved our entrees, baked fish fillet with crawfish etoufee and braised short ribs, really excellent well-prepared dishes.
The service was beyond good,  very kind and thoughtful. We went there in the first place because we wanted to see Zydeco night at the Rock n'Bowl next door, and I just bought the show tickets on line, without realizing that I could have gotten a discount by eating at the restaurant and buying the tickets at the door. That was OK with us, one of perils of travelling and not knowing stuff, but the staff at Ye Olde were concerned enough about our not being able to get the discount that they called the manager of the club (owned by the same people) and asked them to give us free drinks. We were then met practically at the door of the club by the manager who directed us to the bar and served us our drinks. So sweet! No way did they have to do that, just generous customer service. Zydeco night was fun too.The building makes you think you are in for a normal meal, but this little gem is full of surprises.  Extremely good New Orleans fare. The po boys are huge and taste amazing. Service was good and the experience very enjoyable.  Fried bread pudding.  A first for me.  A very delicious first. I highly recommend it.This place was delicious! I came with a group of girls and we all ordered different things. Not a single one of us was disappointed. Everything was amazing! Highly recommend the crawfish Mac and cheese and the po boy bread pudding.We ate here with friends, we'd driven by many times, saw the crowds there, and thought we'd try it. We were all pleasedThe place is very nice, very clean, sound levels were fine for my tender ears. We loved the menu, the food, everything. White tablecloths, white napkins, comfortable seating.  Our server "Emma" a Loyola student is great. She made good suggestions, that we followed, and we were delightedGive this nice restaurant a try, you'll be pleased.From the bar, to the apps, to the entrees, everything is great here. It's not overly-fancy and it's not necessarily a hole in the wall...just solid food that has been there for a while. Start with the crawfish mac & cheese and the oysters bleu. Move on from there...entrees or po-boys. Both are great.This is one of the many neighborhood-type restaurants that have become staples in the area.  And if I were judging this place by the standards of any 'ol restaurant around the country, it would be 4-5 stars, but in context of how much great fod there is in this city, it falls into the mundane category. Their "famous" onion rings are just onion rings - I'm not sure what made them famous... . Portion size is a bit on the small side. Fish is ok, grilled looks more like broiled. I'm not a big fan of the tactic of taking a spoonful of crabmeat and tossing it on something and then jacking up the price, so this place is operating like they know they have the crowd and are raking in the dough, playing it safe in the culinary marketplace.  This is New Orleanean comfort food. The problem is most of us have better recipes than what these people use and put more care into preparation and ingredients.  Still, I'd eat here.  It's not bad.  But those aren't read beans.. *these* are red beans....(pulls out my pot of red beans)We had a strangely similar experience with the hostess as one reviewer about a week earlier. Our two families were meeting for dinner. The first half of the party arrived and were seated. Hostess was informed others would be joining later. First half still filled a substantial space. Due to unforeseen circumstances, the second half of the party arrived later than expected and first half had already finished dining. Because we were such a large group, first half decided to move on to Rock N Bowl next door. Second half OF THE SAME party sat down. Let me emphasize that this was a total of about 12 people, 6 in each party, filling the table almost completely each time. Hostess COULD NOT DEAL. She insultingly said we were a new party (why? because we are Mexican?) and acted as though we had ruined her life. She threw down the 6 place settings in a pile and stormed away. When she returned, we asked her to change the tablecloth. Sorry that one of the children in the first group made a small mess. Hostess literally ROLLED HER EYES and walked away again. And so . . . we got up and left. When I told the manager what had happened, his solution was to give me his business card. Huh? Thanks? Anyway, apparently he also manages Rock N Bowl next door, which is where the final 6 of us ended up eating dinner. Staff there was great! Only problem seems to be the attitude of the hostess at Ye Olde. I highly recommend she gets a little more training or probably a different job where she does not have to work with customers or think too hard.Food was great! Service was good. Had a wedge salad followed by pecan crusted redfish with crawfish jambalaya grits..sooo good!! My boyfriend had crawfish mac and cheese...All I can say is omg! Another friend had the duck it was super tender. Will def go back soon!Let me start out by saying Jordan makes sure to always try and help out anyway he can and jimmy is one of the best waiters ever . We always try and get jimmy as our server because his the best and we always have great conversations with him . His been working here for years and he always takes care of us . I really like the bbq shrimp and the gumbo for starters . The bbq shrimp sauce is so rich and good I usually end up putt the left overs on my fries if I get a poboy . There are so many good choices on the menu from the chicken to the meat and potatoes. It's a must to either get the sticky toffee pudding or the fried bread pudding or get both they are amazing ! The top notch service along with the good food makes this place in our top 5 restaurants in New Orleans .Ye Olde College Inn, New Orleans LA is a great restaurant focusing on quintessential New Orleans cuisine. 1) not in the french quarter, take the street car to Carrollton to the end of line, about 15 minutes walk, more or less. 2)  service is excellent 3)food is delicious, focus on local fresh ingredients. 
If I was back in Nola, I would love to come  to this restaurant again.The food was okay, but the menu choices lacked texture and spark (fish with ettouffe - where is the crunch?  Pork chop just on a plate by itself.  Sorry, it wasn't that WOW!).  While I was eating, I thought, "Did the chefs try what they are sending out?  Cause this needs salt..."  Service was good.  Ambiance was cute with holiday decorations.   Since it is SUCH a NOLA destination, you should check it out for yourself.  Me, I've experienced better.Great experience from beginning to end.  Didn't know their even was a fish called "puppy drum" but it sure was tasty!  Bread pudding is to die for.We discovered Ye Olde College Inn one evening when we weren't in the mood to go to the French Quarter, or even down to Magazine Street. We know that there are a lot of gems in the less-frequented tourist spots in NOLA, but we really lucked out to find this place.
We both had the chef's special, which was some sort of fish concoction over a bed of fresh vegetables. It was mind-blowingly delicious; so much so that we were tempted to lick our plates (no, we didn't ... but yes, we thought about it).
Our waiter was absolutely delightful; well-humored, full of interesting little tidbits about the history of the area and he kept our water glasses full.They always give a small amount of food at a high price.
I can say they the quality of the food is good; however, it is always very echo-ey inside the building and I have NEVER had good service at Ye old college inn.
With as many choices as New Orleans provide, I can not say this restaurant would ever be in my top 20 for any reason. 
There is also always a VERY long wait for a table and for your food.
I have had almost everything on the menu simply because it is a local hotspot and I have lived here all my life. I recommend a Po-boy.Love the food at Ye olde college inn the staff is very helpful and energetic. This place gives you the home feel with some great foodWe called in our order and it was ready upon our arrival. When we arrived, the line was outside the door and the parking lot was full. We ordered a 12 inch shrimp poboy sandwich and the peppered lemon thyme chicken with a side of mash potatoes. The poboy was running over with shrimp. You can't get this anywhere in Texas.  The French bread was soft and lightly buttered. The poboy was big enough to split between two people. The marinated grill chicken breast included lemon orzo with spinach and tomatoes in a caper-butter sauce. The flavor saturated your tongue and kept you eating until it was all gone. The mash potatoes were a little thick, but the brown gravy gave them a nice flavor. I forgot to take pictures of the food. Hopefully, next time I will remember.very delicious! I got the special seafood gumbo, chicken & waffle, shrimp & stone ground grits (which had perfectly seared shrimp!) and a slice of chocolate peanut butter pie! amazing meal!Ye old college in is one of the best meals I've had in quite a while. The braised lamb shank over Gouda grits is quite possibly the best thing I've ever eaten. They just opened that bakery and the pastries are delicious. Don't forget to get the mojito it's greatHad dinner here and it was tasty tasty. We had the Oyster and Artichoke soup which was really creamy and good, the onion rings which were ok (could have used a little more seasoning in the batter I think), and the fried green tomatoes with crawfish and roumalade which were really good but a little heavy on the sauce. Then we had the special which was amberjack with crab-meat and this delicious butter cream sauce and perfect asparagus and creamy garlic mashed potatoes. Can you say YUMMY?!?!?! Great service, good atmosphere, the food was out in a flash, and a pretty good by-the-glass wine selection.great place to hang with friends.  abita amber is great.  food is great.  love the frenched pork chop and the crawfish etoufette smothering the amberjack.One of our best meals in New Orleans. Rock N Bowl after made a fun evening. Highly recommend.The only thing I know about YOCI is that almost every friend as worked there. It came highly recommended as a 'good meal' by them so when we were out of ideas for other places we decided to give it a try. I ordered the special, fried red fish cakes with remmoulade. I don't think anything else came with it and if it did I ate it too fast to notice. This dish was delicious! I had no idea that this good of a meal was hiding in my backyard. The onion rings also lived up to their praise. I'll absolutely come back a few more times before I leave!The cured pork chop with garden greens, grit cakes, and glaze @yeoldecollegeinn made my date jealous. Everything on this plate is done perfectly. The pork chop tastes like your favorite uncle who is a beast on grill somehow got an internship at a famous French restaurant and then perfectly figured out how to blend the two styles...backyard bbq + fine dining = great local experience.I truly enjoyed my dinner experience at YOCI. We waited in the bar for no more than 15 minutes, enough time to enjoy a glass of pinot. In the future, reservations are probably a good idea.
We started the meal with a fried green tomato topped with shrimp and remoulade sauce. 
I had the redfish on special with a corn and asparagus maque choux. This is honestly one of the best executed meals I've had in a long time. The fish, the vegetables, all perfectly seasoned and prepared. My husband and I shared a side of crawfish etoufee because I was craving it. It was perfectly spicy and hit the spot.
Everyone else loved their entree, but I was honestly so engrossed in mine I cannot provide details :/ My husband enjoyed the pork chop and practically licked the plate. I know that my friend that brought us here always gets the pork medallions and sweet mashed potatoes. My husband got the fried bread pudding to-go, and by the time I came downstairs to sneak a bite he had already demolished it. He said it was amazing!
We met the owner and he was really nice. Our server was also great! Parking is limited as they share a lot with Rock n Bowl, but we managed to nab a spot. 
I will be bringing my family here when they come to visit!Decent food, nothing spectacular. Had the puppy drum. My first bite, I knew it was a little bland for my liking, however, as I continued, the corn maque choux helped to balance the taste. Had 7pm reservations, but weren't seated until after 7:30. It's a Friday night, still, maybe a bit much of a wait given reservation. The salad dressing (ranch) was a disappointment as well..given the prices, I would have assumed they were made in house, yet they tasted like hidden valley. Desserts were again, just ok. Still, nice atmosphere.Great stop. Good food and friendly service. One of our favorites.Save room for dessert we had the Sticky Toffee Pudding.Great wait staff - fun drinks - good food - right next door to the Rock n Bowl.Had the shrimp po' boy.  It was dry and difficult to eat.  Not sure why this item is so popular.It's a neat building to eat in, the weather was great so we ate outside so that we can look outside.
Had the catch of the day. The fish was seasoned with balance and cooked deliciously. It is a light dish, if you've been eating a lot out in New Orleans then you can save room for this. When you come to New Orleans, you want seafood and cajun.
Got to try their crawfish etouffee, definitely a fan.
Finally the dessert to go for, the bread pudding. Drool :)A classic New Orleans neighborhood restaurant - great food, great atmosphere, great owners!  I love eating at the bar - the wine selection is good, food portions are big, and the conversation is always lively.  One of my favorite stops...We (wife and 2 kids) had a great experience there last night for appetizers and drinks to celebrate my birthday. The appetizers and old fashion were perfectly prepared. The manager and other waitwait staff were exceptionally nice! When the bowling lane at Rock'n Bowl was available ahead of our planned time, the manager called over and held it for us and ensured us that it was no big deal. It made for a seamless evening. I would definitely recommend this combo of dinner and bowling to everyone, especially with kids. We will definitely be making another outing as a family to go bowling again.This local restaurant was highly suggested to us by a local.  We traveled by streetcar through the garden district for a very enjoyable trek with just a few blocks to walk to the restaurant.  The waitress, Ivory, was super friendly and very knowledgeable of the menu.  We had the chefs specialty of risotto with fresh garden veggies (from their own garden) with redfish and crab. She assured us it was large enough for us to share.  She wasn't lying.  We were unable to finish it, even sharing it.  It was AMAZING!!  The chef sent it out portioned on two separate plates.  It looked like two very pleasant and generous entrees, definitely not like one shared. We started off the meal with the daily special potato soup.  It came out mildly lukewarm.  We did send the soup back and the next bowl was perfect.  The dessert list looked scrumptious, but we definitely didn't have room.  The bar looked well stocked and featured in season blueberry specials.  The owner thanked us for visiting as we left.  The restrooms were clean and well stocked.  There was inviting patio seating available, but we opted for air conditioning even though the temps were mild enough for outdoors.This restaurant turned out to be one of the high points of our recent vacation to NOLA. 
Ye Old College Inn  is off the tourist pathways so you won't find it anywhere near the dozens of dirty and greasy mediocre tourist traps in or adjacent to the French Quarter.  Yet, it is very easy to get to from our hotel in the business district. 
Our fellow patrons were obvious NOLA residents. There wasn't a gimme cap, T-shirt, tank top or a pair of shorts to be seen. Strangely enough, We felt like we had found civilization AT LAST!
Our waitress was a friendly and very nice young lady from Indiana ( you know who are) attending graduate school.  She was very knowledgeable about the menu and patient with a guy with a lot of questions. My 9 1/2 year old,who is a  child "foodie" also had a lot of questions. Our waitress was very patient and encouraged her to try several different cheeses and charcuterie. The chef even sent a few small samples out for my daughter.  
The menu is nicely balanced. Your meal will be prepared with very fresh ingredients by a skillful chef.  I had braised short ribs but my wife and daughter chose lighter meals with deserts.
As we left tonight, we made reservations to come again before we go home.I've been here a few times, and I've never been disappointed.  We went again on a Saturday night. I had a blueberry mojito, which was super strong, but delicious. Our server, Jimmy, was knowledgeable and very personable. He swayed me when I couldn't decide what to eat.
We started with the crawfish mac and cheese. I'm not a big crawfish person, but fiance is.  He thought it was fantastic. I picked out the crawfish and then also thought it was fantastic :) I had a baked potato soup; he had a gumbo. I wasn't impressed by the gumbo. It was a little bland. A bit of salt may have helped. My soup was really good.
My entree was the beef short ribs. Jimmy was right; it was like pot roast on steroids.  It was fork tender and covered in gravy. Mashed potatoes and brussels sprouts (cooked in bacon) were phenomenal. Fiance had some fish dish with corn and crabmeat. I don't eat seafood, so I wasn't really paying attention. He said it was good though.  We ended with the fried bread pudding. Words cannot describe. Amazing.
I'll definitely be back!Fantastic find. I've driven by this place hundreds of times, and we finally tried it...and really liked it. The place gets packed fast, so reservations are a must. That being said, the service is attentive and friendly. All seafood is fresh and local, and many of the vegetables are picked fresh from their garden across the street. This attention to detail shows at every point. I'll definitely be back!Visited Ye old for my birthday. They were so busy for a Wednesday and the service was still amazing. The food was unexpected and savory - I think my favorite from that night was the Duck and the Garden Maque ChouxSo, living down the street, I happend in to this litle place one evening.
It is AMAZING.
Seating at the bar was quick.
If you had wanted a table, well, the wait would have been longer.
I ordered an Old Fashioned, which came quickly, and was beautiful.
The menu prices are about average for the moderately high variety, ezxcept for the Veal, which I ordered.
The Veal, came with Mashed Potatos and gravy, with some greens.
Ohh, such comfort food, I was instantly in love.
I feel like I am the last person in NEw Orleans not to have eaten here, but will come back again and again, and again.
Good service, amazing drinks, beautiful food.
What's not to love.
Staying Big and Easy..
and still..Your DaddyThis is what New Orleans is all about, whether you live here or are visiting. Excellent food and excellent service. Do not miss this experience. The gumbo, cauliflower appetizer, Crawfish Delacroix, sticky toffee dessert - samples from a menu that will make you come back again and again. Perfect for a date night or a group. Ask for Jimmie's section. He is fantastic!A friend and I decided to go here since neither of us had been - we figured, hey, it's kind of a local institution; we should give it a shot. Well, that shot ended up costing $30 for a cocktail, a salad, and some french fries. The cocktail? Fine. The salad? Meh. The fries? Okay. I don't need to be paying that kind of money for average food and drinks. 
The one thing I will say is that our server was excellent: very polite, attentive, and patient as we looked over the menu and asked questions. Too bad the food wasn't as good as the service!Upon entry, we were met with a lot of other folks who thought it would be fun to dine here.  So there we stood after checking in.  The wait was only about 20 minutes.  Not too bad.  
The restaurant is nice.  It's much different than I expected with a name like Ye Olde College Inn.  Fancier.  It's also a lot more expensive than I imagined.  Regardless, the food was great, but I doubt we'll go back.  There are too many other places in this city that have as good or better food for a fraction of the cost.Three of us ate here early on a Saturday night and were sat right away without a reservation. We started with the fried oysters and blue cheese, I had the Crawfish Delacroix (drum smothered in crawfish etouffee), my wife had the crawfish mac and cheese, side of brussel sprouts, and lemon orzo. There is a kids menu but my son just wanted fish and rice. Everything here was excellent, really fresh, well prepared food and solid service. I regret not ordering the shrimp remoulade...next time for sure. Despite a slight hiccup (waiter got my order wrong) they were able to recover very quickly and took very good care of us. I would definitely dine here again.The oysters bleu is delicious and so is the zapps and andouille crusted redfish...let me not leave out the strawberry mojitos! Great food...Food was excellent. Service was excellent. Atmosphere was great. 
Finding parking was the only issue.If you want to eat food that's going to eventually kill you, this is the spot. Fried bread pudding, hello! Crawfish etouffee, hello!Our waiter had been working at this restaurant for 20 years. When it came time to order the chicken fried steak po-boy "dressed dry", he responds, "you know, a little birdie once told me that a lil' side of our brown gravy goes good wit dat." :) And it was! The french bread crust was a little bit too crunchy for me, but on the whole, the poboy was delicious, and I couldn't wait to eat the second half of it the next day.
Other family at the table had the shrimp poboy "dressed" (beautiful!), the crawfish and corn soup (soup of the day.. DELISH. 2 at the table felt it wasn't as spicy as it could be), the fried green tomato and shrimp poboy (seriously. fried green tomatoes.), and we were instructed to top this delicious meal off with the bread pudding poboy. It melts in your mouth and tastes like a combination of bread pudding, french toast, and beignets all in one bite. Preeeetty incredible if your into that sort of thing.
This time around, we stuck to the poboys, but next time, I'm definitely venturing over to the entree side of the menu. I seem to remember reading something about fried pork chops on there that were hard to pass up.
Atmosphere: even though it's been re-vamped since the original, it did feel like REAL New Orleans. The decor was authentic without a doubt and the vibe was comfortable, not stuffy at all.
Attire: casual, but a little refined... ie. don't roll up in a sweaty tshirt and gym shortsMy PoBoy was good, but I felt like I had walked into the wrong Ol' Boys club when I was there.  I had just driven into the city from Florida, so I was just looking for a place known for their sandwiches.  Food Network or the Cooking Channel had just done something on them so I had them on my list of places to visit.  But when I walked in, I felt severely underdressed (or just out of place), even though everyone else was dressed somewhat casually.  Connecting the name with the atmosphere, it would seem as if this could be a hangout for current and retired faculty of a local university.  And though Xavier is closeby, I just don't think that's the university, if you get my drift.  Hey, the food was good and I like the Teddy Roosevelt quote on the wall (The Man in the Arena, really cool!), but this place is not for me.Heard good things about this place and went there on Saturday night with a total of 4 people. Arrived and asked the hostess to put our name on the list. she said it would be 20 to 30 minutes. It was very crowded so we decided to wait outside. After 45 minutes I went in to check and in front of me was a family of four that the hostess knew by name. She told them the same story 20 to 30 minutes. Next thing I know she comes outside to get them for a table. When questioned why they were before us, she replied "oh, they had a reservation" guess she forgot I was standing behind them when they were at the hostess stand. 2 hours later we finally got a table. the waiter was inattentive, ignored the table and ended up only getting a 10% tip due to his service. The food was OK, but certainly not worth the price. I would never recommend this place or visit again.I was in new orleans on vacation with my girlfriend.  My aunt took me to this place one night and it seemed to have a decent menu and atmosphere.  The other reviewer who said it was a older, wealthy looking crowd with college kids mixed in was spot on.  I also saw a few families eating as well.  I got the baked redfish with lump crabmeant, with a tomato cream sauce and some type of corn relish.  It tasted good but the food did not come out hot.  I expect the good to almost burn my mouth when it arrives at the table.  My girlfriend got some type of rice with shrimp and other vegetables.  The po boys there looked great and we both wised we had gotten one of those...the downfalls were the cold food and long wait for a table, and after we ordered.  This place is okay and I wouldn't mind trying their po boys on another trip but there are so many other places worth trying before this in new orleans.  Man I miss uglesich.Excellent mahi mahi! Perfectly cooked. My wife had a simple lettuce wedge salad that she found delectable. The server was great.first time goin...but might i add...i lived near the restaurant for years and i've never been..but i will say this...it was the best!! experience...food was delish..i only gave it 4 stars because my dish was a bit cold..but other than that everything was great...will be backOH SNAP I cannot believe I HAVE missed out on this place for so long!!! I had no idea how yummy this place was - I mean, check out their salad - is that not just GORGEOUS??? not just a chuck of lettuce thrown on a plate - nooooo - there is all kinds of yummies in there - carrots, yellow squash, cauliflower, & tomatoes that taste like they were just plucked from the garden!!! fantabulous!!!! The vinaigrette dressing was quite yummy!!!
I had the best entree- each bite a taste sensation - Today's Fresh Catch - with lump crabmeat & a roasted corn stuff underneath that was soooooo YUMMY!!! SO GOOD!! My honey had the Shrimp & Grits - big on shrimps in a gorgeous sauce over smoked gouda grits - sorry I was too busy chowing on my meal to even look at his!! but it did look good!!
Wait staff - very attentive - it is a very comfortable, great atmosphere kind of place - all kinds of New Orleans paraphernalia on the walls to entertain you with days gone by - but not overly obnoxious!!
CANNOT wait to go back!!!Probably the best bread pudding in town. The appetizer Crawfish Mac n Cheese is incredible. Always make a reservation.My new go to place for out of towners.  
I've been dying to go here for years and finally went for a friend's birthday.  Everyone loved what they ordered.  The fried green tomato shrimp remoulade poboy was amazing.  The onion rings were nice and flaky as well.  As a birthday treat, the waiter brought out 3 desserts, which was plenty for the 8 of us to share.  The desserts were the famous fried poboy bread pudding, peanut butter pie, and pecan pie.  Now, I am not the biggest bread pudding fan, but man, that thing was amazing!  Nice and flaky on the outside, topped with powder sugar; gooey on the inside.  YUMMY
went back recently with 7 people who live/have lived in the city, but have never tried ye olde college inn.  a hit again!  this time i ordered the crawfish delacroix, which is basically crawfish etouffee over the fish of the day.  delish!  crawfish etouffee is one of my favorite dishes and theirs was perfect.  not fishy tasting at all (la jacques imos...)
am determined to try their chocolate caramel pecan cluster cake.  they were out the last time i went!  darn!When your friend has cravings, you gotta do what you gotta do! But be proper pls.
Ordered: 
- Vanilla Ice Cream $5 
- Banana Pudding $9
Tina's Travel and Tabloid
- Greeted upon arrival by handsome bartender  
- Hostess sat us down immediately, not a busy night 
- I said be proper because we got stares since we were in regular clothes in a very nice establishment. But it's okay, we were from out of town!
- So we came to NOLA last time, we had the delicious banana pudding with vanilla ice cream at Acme restaurant! This time we had cravings way too late
- Work with what you got! We got the ice cream (3 scoops) and banana pudding. Delicious!Drew Brees really likes this place.
We went on a Friday night without a reservation (be smart and make one) and while waiting we saw Brees and his entire offensive line, along with some defensive players and Garrett Hartley of all people.  We asked the older gentleman sitting next to us at the bar if the Savior of New Orleans had ever been there before and he said that "Mr. Brees" goes to Ye Olde quite often, but usually not with his teammates.
Turns out the man we were talking to was a celebrity too...sorta.  His name was Cartwright, and he apparently loves the place so much that he's been there almost nightly for the past 50+ years.  They even named a filet on the menu after him and how he likes his steak prepared.
The place was packed and had an older-crowd, family, local-type atmosphere.  Just from sitting at the bar, it seemed like a lot of the old-timers knew each other, making for a pretty neat atmosphere for a couple of 20-somethings like us.
THE GOOD
Atmosphere and Waiter Service: I don't know about other nights of the week, but Friday nights seem liked they're very busy.  It's a different crowd than what I'm used to here in NOLA, but that's also part of the appeal.  The place has been around for over 75 years so it's logical that they'd have a lot of older local support, but it didn't feel like an old stuffy place, partly because of the remodel that I was told about and partly because everyone just seemed so cool.  Service was very good too considering it was a full house.  The waiter was attentive and switched out plates and silver between appetizers and entrees, which was a nice touch.
Onion Rings: Crispiness, flakiness, low oil, light batter.  The four traits of a quality onion ring.  Ye Olde does a good job here, getting everything right.  I might have to add one more quality to a good onion ring that I just noticed when eating these...non-overcooked or undercooked onions.  Don't you just hate it when you bite into a ring, and you can't rip the onion apart so all you get is batter in one bite?  That should never happen with a good onion ring, and it didn't happen at Ye Olde, so good stuff.
Hamburger Steak: Wow this is filling.  A pound of hamburger meat is definitely not the same as a pound of steak...it just FEELS like so much more food.  The gravy was fantastic: good flavor, perfect consistency.  Comes standard with spinach and mash potatoes as sides, but I got fries and fresh veggies (zucchini and squash).  Both were what you would expect out of sides.
THE BAD
Fried Green Tomatoes With Shrimp Remoulade: Flavorless baby shrimp that had a strange pseudo-mushy texture on lukewarm fried green tomatoes, with the blandest remoulade sauce I've ever tried.  All-in-all, it was unfortunately just very, very bland.
PURGATORY
Cartwright Filet: Our good friend from the bar sure does know how to dress a steak.  However, the execution of his steak style was not quite up to par.  On sight, temperature was pretty close to what was ordered being only SLIGHTLY more cooked than the medium-rare that was requested.  Unfortunately, the texture was a bit chewy for a filet.  I'm not sure if it was the cut they used or what, but good filets are basically not supposed to be chewy at all.  Fortunately the flavor was pretty good and saved the steak.  The bacon wrap was fine.  Sides of mash potatoes and spinach were bland...is it because they cook this stuff to older palates?  Maybe it's me or something, but they really tasted just boring.  This could have been something really great, but in the end it was just kinda meh.
Kitchen Service: Our table was next to the open kitchen, so bad luck on them I guess.  I know that food can't always come out right after it's been made when a place is packed because the servers or runners are busy, but they still shouldn't be waiting upwards of 5-10 minutes under the heat lamp.  Unfortunately, this happened the entire time we were there, even to our food, which could have led to some of the problems (lukewarm green tomatoes, chewy steak, etc.)  Purgatory because I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt and saying that it was impossible for this not to happen.
OVERALL
I wish there were half-stars on Yelp.  Four stars for atmosphere/service (including kitchen), three stars for food.  I guess the tie-breaker on stars goes to a dish that was eaten at my table but not tried by me: Grilled Mahi-Mahi, which was termed as "nothing to write home about."
Some places you go to for the food, others you go for the atmosphere.  Only a select few places truly provide top quality for both.  While Ye Olde isn't the best food in town, it is definitely an institution, and at the very least you'll have a lot of fun and maybe even see a football hero or two.  My friend fist-bumped Brees as the quarterback was making his way out of the restaurant.  I wonder if he's washed his knuckles yet?Absolutely one of the most incredible meals I have ever eaten. The service was amazing, Jimmy's recommendations were right on par. The food was incredibly prepared, delicious and fresh. The bread pudding may be the best thing I have EVER eaten. HUGE RECOMMENDATION for this restaurant.I dined there last night with some friends and it was disappointing to say the least. Service was average at best but the food was terrible. When the appetizers arrived they were lukewarm and unappealing to the eye. Who had the idea to fry oysters then pour canola oil on them? The waitress told us that they use canola oil and blue cheese mixed together to top they dish. Yuk. 
The second appetizer was BBQ shrimp. Worst I've ever had... It tasted like A-1 sauce mixed with cream. The special entree was the soft shell crab... and ten minutes after I ordered it the waitress came by to tell me they were out. I reordered a redfish and 45 minutes later when I received it it was room temp at best. My date ordered the veal cutlet which was the only highlight I the meal. Come to find out they don't use veal at all... After asking I was told it was beef inside round that had been tenderized. What a rip off.It was the best dining experience we had visiting New Orleans this October. We had the lump Crap meat and awesome shrimp and the scrumptious fried Bread Pudding. It cannot get better then this. Then we run into Chef Kevin  Belkin from New Orleans cooks and had a great chat with him. What a treat. We stayed at an Air B&B close by and I walked through the Restaurants gardens every morning. They grow they're own produce and bees and chickens for the Restaurants consumptions.The name turned me off but this is a great NOLA restaurant with pictures of collegiate athletes  and other college related memrobilia  on the walls. The food and drinks and service are outstanding. Get the baby drum special it is very tasty, unusual and a huge portion. Everything was well done with just the right amount of spice on the spicy food and good comfort food as well. We will definitely be going back next time we are going to the Rock'N'Bowl which is right next door but it is worth a stop on it's own as it is that goodDid you know the "Y" as appears in the phrase "Ye Olde" is actually the letter "thorn" pronounced with a "th" sound? Look it up. Alex Trebek and I will wait. I need some time alone with him anyway for refusing to accept "The Penis Mightier" and "Famous Titties" as actual categories on the board during Celebrity Jeopardy. I got your back Connery!
Okay, all done? Good. Hey, that was fast... You just looked at porn instead didn't you? Internet! Stop that. I'm trying to educate over here and you're all flailing about spastically over a possible Miley Cyrus 18th birthday sex tape. Don't worry, she filmed one. It'll be called Achy Breaky Hard-on.
Anyhow, okay, so I had the Chicken Fried Steak Po-Boy. Was great except I don't know why there's no country style gravy on it. Who serves chicken fried steak without that? Even when in the form of a sandwich? Apparently this place does. So I asked for a side of gravy and they gave me brown gravy. Perhaps ironically? I don't know. Was good though, brown as it was. Still, you'd think a place named after some kind of college dormitory would know how to cover the face of something with white gravy.
Last but not least, there was the reason for the visit here in the first place, the infamous Fried Bread Pudding Po-boy. I felt cheated at the Po-Boy Festival with them running out so quickly and felt a moral imperative to seek it out. So exactly like a college student in the age of Wikipedia doesn't, I went directly to the source. And the source was delicious. These really are quite good. However, they're no Fried Snickers Po-Boy, which exists so far only in my dreams. My deep fried gooey chocolate covered caramel peanuty nougat filled dreams...
I'll take foods that need to be invented right the fuck now for $500, Alex.We went for dinner last night. The restaurant was not crowded and the service was fantastic. We had the BBQ shrimp for an appetizer and also the onion rings. Both were perfect and delicious. We split the special of the night which was risotto with redfish and crabmeat on top. The waitress suggested that we split it because it was so big. It was so good. We will definitely go back. Did I mention the waitress was phenomenal?Awesome place, the server was on it throughout the night. Had plenty of suggestions for a vegetarian meal. Ended up with pasta and veggies which was really goodThis place is amazing. It gets four stars because it's a tight space and even tighter depending on where party is located. Our group of 7 was in a corner. This meant getting up was a workout and sometimes coming back to my seat, I bumped into  our patrons. Make a reservation for five or more and ask to be where it might be "not so tight." This is a small criticism, though. The place is on point. The name is a little misleading to me. I thought I was going to be walking into some stuffy basic food joint. Wrong!  Food was amazing. Drinks were on point. The bartender, that night, made 'em strong. I love every drink and every bite. Get some apps to share. Can't go wrong with anything shrimp or the onion rings. Their cocktail menu was not as big as I thought it would have been since the food choices were so exceptional. I'm sure any drink can be made though. Staff was super nice and the ambiance compels you to just wanna have fun.They were good to us in reserving a table during Mardi Gras weekend. Service excellent even though our server had been on since the morning. Anxious to return during down time. 
Bye:  onion rings are excellent!  Wanted more!!!!This place is so not known for its cheese plate - more like chicken fried steak - but I thought it was great. I loved the ambience of the place and my friend's shrimp po boy was fantastic. The fried green tomatoes really make it. I want to go back to this place with my husband because it's a New Orleans agape that he remembers being here for a long time. I would probably get the cheese plate again. I enjoy having a place like this so close to where I live and to campus.This is a wonderful spot in the New Orleans area. 
This was my first visit here and it's exactly what I look for in a quality restaurant. 
Let's start with the menu. 
There are only a couple specials for the day/week that are available. 
The menu is limited. Which means pretty much everything will be cooked consistently and super tasty. 
I went with several people and everyone's dishes were amazing. 
All the apps were fantastic. 
The entrees were equally amazing. 
If you have never been to this place or you're looking for a place to break in your first NO experience THIS IS THE PLACE!!Excellent creative farm to table food! Excellent wait staff! Food was out of the kitchen i  no time and hit the spot! You must have their "bread pudding" desert. One of rhe best desserts I have ever had and I'm a foodie!This true New Orleans restaurant has by far the best food ever. Their menu covers it all from authentic poboys on the best bread ever to seafood dishes you cannot repeat at home.
And that's just what we ate!
Try anything and I bet you say it's better than any other time you ever ate it.
BTW- our waiter was first class perfect.This place was a really good find for me.   I had been at the dance club next door visiting with friends and had actually ordered food to go there but it was so bad that I left everything right there on the counter and bolted out the door.   I was so lucky that the voodoo turned around in my favor and that I discovered Ye Olde College Inn sitting right there on Carrollton Street within spitting distance of where I parked my rig.     I walked in and stated my intentions to the bartender and was then almost immediately engaged by a friendly and hospitable cat who was running the place.  I do not remember his name but when I find his card, I will update this post.   He was really that good and deserves the prop.    This very friendly cat told me that the kitchen was closing but that he would go out and check with the chef and see if he could make something happen for me.  Before I can even say "Satch Mo" this cat is back at me to tell me that the fryers are off but everything else on the menu is mine to choose from.   I am so hungry and so tired at this point that I take the high road and ask this guy to set me up with the best of the best that he has left in the kitchen.
I ended up with a rich and hearty cup of Gumbo for openers. Then he hit me with a order of the Barbecue Shrimp.  It was five large and succulent pieces of fresh Gulf shrimp  jammed into a cup size container and doused in a New Orleans sauce that had my taste buds dancing with delight.   The main attraction and the star of the show was the crawfish macaroni and cheese. 
A generous portion of sweet and  meaty crawfish tails blended with macaroni and four different kinds of cheese and then topped with some kind of corn bread crumbs.  I give Ye Olde College Inn 4 gigantic big easy stars and I would definitely do it again when I am in the neighborhood.It was a girls night out ... then Rock n Bowl for Music and dance. 
The food and service was excellent cannot deny it. 
However my "special" of the day entree was $45.00 and that was ridiculous but then the restaurant tends to cater to the more upscale clientele with $$ .. I get it.... 
But after 2 cocktails and an entree for one person $93 with tip .. is a lot! 
Blew my budget..  guess I need a sugar daddy! lolSpectacular oyster loaves!  For some reason, they no longer use the term "peacemaker" for their oyster loaf with havarti cheese and bacon.  I still go for the traditional one.Old friends getting together to share an evening... College Inn was a great choice to enjoy food and each other.
This is a pretty crowded restaurant offering a variety of food at a variety of prices.  The bar serves nice cocktails.
We tried the Lump Crabmeat Brie appetizer.  While a little pricey, it is delicious, generous in size, and can be shared by the whole table.  The oysters bleu and the onion rings are also good.
PoBoys are the best choice here for price and quality.  Oyster Poboys are the house specialty.
The Fresh Catch we had was baby black drum - tender and delicious.  It is served with Maque Choux, a corn offering that had little flavor other than corn, and overpowered the fish.
Service was excellent.