Peanut butter bacon burger with jalapenos. Holy fucking fuck! Seriously one of the best things I have ever eaten in my whole life. Served alongside loaded baked potato and giant beer? This is how I wish to spend my last moments on Earth.This is NOT a fancy place, and is the quintessential NOLA dive bar in the Quarter. That being said, you cannot or will not have a better burger anywhere. These burgers are beyond fantastic. I LOVE a good burger, and this was a great one. The bartender was also our server, and she was lovely and very cool. I wasnt man enough to try the fascinating peanut butter burger, which she said was good (I have never heard of such a thing!) but went with a classic - mushrooms, bacon, cheddar burger. What a delight. Burger was perfect, toppings were fresh, beer was cold, and the fully loaded baked potato was a great side. One of the best burgers I have ever had in my life. Highest possible recommendation.Dive bar... Dirty, but my GOD the Peanut Butter Burger is LIFE CHANGING and well worth every calorie it has. 
Our bartender had an ulcer and was in a lot of pain... this made our drinks (we were at the bar) come 15 minutes after we ordered the food. The local couple we were with assured us that it was worth it. The Peanut Butter Burger sounded a little odd to me at first but after one bite, I fell deeply in love. It was so good I've decided that I am going to try to attempt my own peanut butter burger at home. 
Chow down with an Abita Strawberry beer and I'd say no matter the cost, it was just plain phenomenal. 
Only thing that knocked a star down was the weird red lighting which can be very off-putting and our bartender. I felt horrible for her, but she needed to go home.Sorry Mama Lovers, but we were very disappointed with our lunch here.  On our trip to New Orleans for New Years, we craved a burger on New Years Day.  After searching our trusted Yelp for reviews and recommendations we decided to hike back into the French Quarter for Yo Mama's burgers.  We arrived about 12:30pm, and went to sit upstairs.  It was packed, but no one was standing waiting, and two seats open at the bar.  We asked if we can just sit and the bartender smiled and said sure, but just be warned it is only me working right now, they'll be a wait.  Waiting is understandable at any highly reviewed joint, so we parked ourselves at the bar.  Looking around the place, then realized everyone must have just sat down, no one had food in front of them... like 20 some people... but I was tired and slightly hungover, and just wanted a coke and a good burger.
After a few minutes we got our cokes and ordered the chili cheeseburger with mac n cheese.  We heard a table behind us complain that they wanted a burger done rare, and she said "sorry, my cook is slammed and all burgers are done med-well right now."  Which we then realized she didn't ask us, and ours would be well too... hmmmm we don't want med-well, but too late.  2 slow refills and 45 minutes later our burger came out.  We were starving and dug in... but all it did was ease the hunger pains. 
The burger was charred on the outside, and had no distinct flavor whatsoever.  The chili was blah (out of can) and just didn't taste that great overall.  Mac n cheese was pretty good though, actually better than the burger.  Stopped about 3/4 way through burger because I ran out of coke, and realized that I had not put any ketchup or mustard on my burger.  Sat for about 5-10 minutes waiting to get her attention for a refill and condiments.  Overall, not a good experience.  It is sad when you can say you've had better burgers at places that aren't even known for burgers...  And living in Chicago, we go out for burgers all the time, at various places, and are rarely disappointed.
The only reason I give 2 stars than 1, is because of the bartender/waitress/bus person all in one behind the bar - she warned us with a smile and continued working a crowded hungry complaining room of people with a smile, by herself.  I give her the extra star that she can wear  like a badge.  
Note to Yo Mamas: You are located in the French Quarter, it is New Years Day, with the Sugar Bowl happening later that day... did you not realize that you would be busy?  Why only one staff?  And with such a limited menu, I think charred burgers isn't going to help you keep your reputation of the best burger in New Orleans.  I would like to give you the benefit of the doubt, and hope that all your staff called in sick and you just tried to make due... but you did not satisfy our burger needs :(On my last visit in February of 2014 the food was excellent as was the service.
This visit was a complete turn around. The burger I ordered was cold and overcooked and my daughters tuna steak that she ordered medium rare was way overdone and dry. Then the bartender was eating her sandwich at the bar in front of us and wasn't washing her hands when handling peoples drinks and food.
Employee meals should be kept in the kitchen.
Disappointing at best.Our first stop in New Orleans and not disappointed! Peanut butter burger is delicious! Perfect amount of bacon (excellent decision to use bacon bits; blends with peanut butter well), and the peanut butter isn't over whelming. Great combo of sweet and salty, recommend for lunch, dinner, or a hangover cure to soak up the debauchery of bourbon street.In the aftermath of hurricane Issac, suffering from a touch of "cabin fever", lack of electricty, and eating canned food, I made my way to The Quarter to charge my phone and search for a hot, comforting cheeseburger. I decided to give Yo Mama's another shot based solely on its proximity to the coffee shop where I charged my phone. I say this because, truthfully, I've never been crazy about Yo Mama's. To me, it's always just been ok and I've always preferred "that other famous burger place". (And, yes, I've tried the peanut butter bacon burger.....I found it to be dry and it made me thirsty.) BUT, I'm here to say now that my last visit changed my opinion. I had a bacon cheddar burger with a loaded potato and enjoyed every last bit of it. Guilt free. With a couple of cocktails. The burger was cooked well done, but still juicy. Wasn't over seasoned and tough as I have previously found their burgers to be.  And it was served on a fresh bun. Perfect. The potato could have been hotter, but, eh........it didn't stop me from eating it. That burger was the highlight of a shitty week and I'll definitely go back when the craving strikes again. In fact, writing this made me want one now.......enjoyed their burgers! pretty darn good. they also have talls for draft beer which is prob about 32 oz or beer for $10 so not a bad deal. waitress/bartender was pretty nice overall. (purple hair girl)Came here on a Thursday night and split a Texas BBQ and Bull Fighter burger with my girl. The food was amazing and the sides of baked potato and Mac n cheese were just as good. As a bar hard to tell on a Thursday but the staff was helpful to outsiders with info.Local and regular customer who always takes good care of bartenders and waitresses , couldn't order food because didn't have id with him. Since when you have to be over 21 to eat ?This place was recommended by a server at the Old Absinthe House (thank you, Jess!). Extensive tequila selection, good pours by the servers, but above all, one of the best burgers in New Orleans (no offense, Port of Call). I had the peanut butter and bacon burger, which sounds bad, but is in fact really tasty. A light coating of peanut butter, a mound of crumbled bacon on top, and under it all, a juicy, medium (actually medium, not just "not well done") nice sized burger. The side was a baked potato instead of fries, which was a nice change. Definitely going back to try some of their other stuff. Friendly wait staff, too!I never would have survived New Orleans without this place. The bartender was awesome & talked Southern Gothic literature with me, which automatically endeared her in my heart. I didn't try the peanut butter burger (don't care for peanut butter) but the burger I had was phenomenal! I highly recommend to everyone.Yo Mama's is now Port St. Peter. Same menu, same location. Same amazing peanut butter burger! As of 4/22/2016.The eternal (yelper) question: Does this- insert iconic establishment- even need another review, when they already have X hundred reviews? To this I say, uh, yeah they do. You can never have too many positive reviews. Plus I look at it as a note to myself upon returning (ie, see my note below).
Yo Mama's is one of those places that was always on my itinerary when I'd visit NOLA. Truthfully, though, once I moved here, I have not been back since yesterday. And I also had only drank here, back in the days before they even had veggie burgers. 
So, it had been a long day of drinking and no eating. A parade day... By 6, or was it 7 or 8pm, I was really feeling it. I hate being hungry in the French Quarter because I don't have tons of options here (that aren't dress-up places, that is). I remembered Yo Mama's famed burger list and immediately was craving some crazy veggie burger piled high with whatever other crazy concoction they could come up with and insisted we make an immediate beeline (er, crooked, inebriated beeline). My friends and I were relieved to find an empty booth and slid on in. I love the atmosphere here-- just a cozy FQ bar with all kinds of characters hanging around. I remembered the bartenders always being pretty damn nice and that still holds true. You might have to wait a bit for service, but that's how it goes and it's never too long. The bartender also waits the tables. Something to keep in mind. 
While the veggie burger here isn't anything special, the way it's dressed up makes a plain girl into a vixen. And that giant baked potato is her perfect not-to-be ignored accessory (you can get these all dressed up too, if you'd like!) I had the Mexican version with salsa, avocado and jalapeños. While I agreed to have it dressed, I think next time I'll have them leave off the mayo because it didn't go with the salsa at all (that's my note to self, in case you were wondering). The baked potato is perfect, by the way. 
Drinks are cheap and good. I'm glad that I have another go-to for a cheap, casual and quick meal when crawling the Quarter.Enjoyed our burgers!  Variety of burgers to choose from and the sides were good, as well.  Good pours on our drinks.  Good, fresh and the bar ladies very nice.I walked there for lunch with two coworkers.  I was skeptical because I've never heard of the place...
Yes, this place is a whole in the wall but a nice change from the crowded restaurants in the CBD.  
I had the Little(?) Mama - perfect choice.  Quarter pound of fresh grilled ground meat...  I chose the baked potato for the side...  both were excellent.
The only drawback is that since it is a bar/grill, smoking is allowed.  
I'd go back and will certainly recommend.
There are very few seats so go early.It's a pretty chill spot. it's a nice bar and has some solid gumbo. Try the alligator sausage appetizer- tastes just like chicken ;)4 words. Peanut. Butter. Bacon. Burger. Traveled to NOLA in June with a friend and this was probably my favorite stop! We pretty much ate and drank our way though that city and this was the best spot. I love a good dive bar so I was in heaven. We had gotten a recommendation and had to go try the peanut butter bacon burger.  Literally one of the (if not the) best burger I have ever had! Amazing food, fun/friendly staff, and a funky atmosphere. If you couldn't get this from the name...this is not the place for you if you are seeking fine dining. It is rough around the edges in the best way possible. 
They have good comfort food sides for you to custimize your meal we got loaded potato (delicious) and mac and cheese (nothing special but yummy).  I will be returning whenever I am back in NOLA!Food good.  Rediculously long time to get food.  Then staff says busy and no one on either floor is eating.   Then they threaten if you try to before food is delivered after waiting more than hour.I loooove the divey atmosphere here and the old tunes on the jukebox makes me feel like easy rider. The prices are reasonable and the burgers are amazing. I could finish mine! My date got the mushroom burger & said it was one of the best he ever had. My peanut butter burger was delicious. The loaded baked potato was huge! They aren't stingy with the toppings. The burger joint up the street had a BBQ burger for around 16? This one was about 11 & way bigger. I'm so glad we chose this place for lunch. It's a must se dive with great food & good prices.Everything you read about the Peanut Butter Bacon Burger is absolutely correct. It's beyond amazing. Order it. Eat it. Love it.
Excellent tequila selection. Great bartender/server. Loved the jukebox selections, too.First off, this place is small - like 4 booths and a bar.  I have no problem at an order at the bar type of establishment, but if you do - this may not be your place because the likelihood of you getting a table will be slim.  I have seen many positive reviews on the peanut butter, bacon burger but I decided to go a different direction and order just the basic  1/2 pound cheese burger.  For this review, I wanted to really taste the meat itself.  The burger patty itself is of the handmade and not overworked variety - that's a good thing.  Even as a big burger, it didn't appear dense and heavy - also a good thing.  My complaint is that my medium rare burger was not very juicy and the flavor was just good, not great.
On the more positive side, I did really like the baked potato as a side.  It comes standard with butter and chives, but I went ahead and got it fully loaded (never a bad decision.)  It is a full sized potato as well, so even though I thought the prices were a little high for burgers - there was a lot of food.  Plus, it is a popular part of the French Quarter and that will almost always add to your bill.
The wait staff/bartender was very attentive and took excellent care of my group.  
Overall, I would rate this as a good experience but didn't quite live up to the hype as far as my burger expectations go.Let's see...you're in the Quarter, you're hungry, and you don't want to wait in line for average or pricey food?  This is the place for you.  I had a heart-stoppingly delicious roquefort burger with a loaded baked potato and washed it down with some Purple Haze.  It was yum yum in the tum tum.The best went to yo mama last October I will be back June 16 after I land in Nola it will be my first food spot peanut butter burger is the best and there Mac n cheese wowvery small place they have a doorman checking IDs as you go in. you have to be 21 to enter. we had to wait about 20 min for seats and we got sat at the bar. burgers are served with a bake potato or side salad very different from the usual fries. but the burgers are very good not dry or bland. my bf got the peanut butter burger, doesn't sound appetizing but it works! Would come here again cheap eats too i say!"Don't go to Port of Call, go to Yo Mama's" 
-At least 3 different people.
While I can't speak to the quality of Port of Call, I can say that I fear how bad it would be if this is now the superior alternative. 
Expectations were high upon walking in. Expectations were even higher once I glanced the prominent art on the wall: a painting of two lions mating. 
The wait for food was quite lengthy. (Excused away by the fact that I ordered a baked potato perhaps?)
Once the wait was completed, the burgers came out both overcooked and cooled down to just above what I would call warm.
The peanut butter and bacon combo... oh yes... that's the ticket. But the large, overcooked, warm patty added next to nothing to the experience. 
Glimpse the artwork and have a beer. Spend your burger money elsewhere.Another top 5 from me... trend? no, reality.   Small but great bar, with a few booths downstairs and 2 TVs playing the local game.  The staff is great and so are the prices.  Yes the 1/2 pound burgers are excellent (try the Bullfighter burger with jalapeos, avocado, and salsa - get extra napkins ~ $9) and the potato fully dressed is the best option - it's still steaming after 15 min of work on that sucka... 
Local draft beer was $2 for a small and $4 for a ginormous offering.  $4 well, $5 premium and $6 for call/top shelf with a great pour - just respect the staff!  
The upstairs bar is typically open Thursday through Saturday nights and offers some music tallent, comedy, DJs or some bizarre hang out vibe. They're open daily 11 a.m.-3 a.m.   The grill stays open late but depends on the day (could be 2 am or when ever they close).
Just go and know that Yo mama will certainly take care of you.  EnjoyNow this is a dive bar! With great burger selection! Servers know their drinks well. I love the chill ambience despite being located in crazy Bourbon. Many locals come here and they will give you great suggestions on what to order. Servings are big so you can share one entree if you're not that hungry. But by all means go big on the drinks they're awesome and decently priced!So, the husband and I had heard from a friend that had lived in NOLA that Yo Mama's was THE place for a burger. He also brought to my attention that they have a peanut butter burger. A WHAT? YES, a HUGE 1/2 lb burger topped with peanut butter. I figured, I had to try this. I mean, when else will I ever have a peanut butter burger.  SO, we decided to make a trip down there on our way  Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop on Bourbon.
When ordering a burger, one has the option of a HUGE baked potato with everything or a simple side salad. Seeing another patron's potato I opted for the salad, knowing that would be way too much food... If I was at home, not a tourist,  and could bring home leftovers, maybe I would opt for the potato... It did look yummy.
The burger itself was excellent, it was very tasty indeed. I ordered the works, which comes with lettuce, tomato, mayo, onion, real bacon, and peanut butter.  I could see the peanut butter working on the burger if there was a smaller amount on it and/or if it was only a 1/4 lb burger and not a 1/2 lb, but I really became overwhelmed with it in the end.. I just wanted to taste the plain delicious burger...  The salad was OK, they use nice greens and not just iceberg, and the blue cheese dressing was pretty good.
For drinks, we ordered the Nola Blonde ale on tap. The beer didn't taste that great, not sure if they had dirty taps or if the beer itself just tasted weird.. They had a large selection of tequila that I wish I partook in.
In the end, I would recommend this place for a great burger. I personally would go for the Little Taste of your Moma burger next time (a reasonable 1/4 lb) and I would probably try one of their other variations that was not a PB burger. Maybe even go for the baked potato and a shot of tequila!! ;)This has to be one of the best burger joints in the u.s. I've eaten here once before. while in town I came back again because I had the highly over-rated port of call burger and I was really disappointed. This burger hits the spot. I had the Mac and cheese it was ok but the burger was the star."The best burger" in NOLA is what they are known for.  They have many newspaper & magazine clippings on the door with those awards listed.
This place is not big at all, picture a dive bar that also serves top notch burgers. They have an assortment of different burgers available.  I had been hearing about the Peanut Butter Burger all week so I tried it and enjoyed it.  The place may have been a little over-hyped for me, but it was still pretty good.  The prices were also very reasonable.
It's definitely a place I would try again.One of the best burgers I have eaten! Jucy, well cooked, really good seasoned och the bosses pepper sause was great! 
I had the CheddarAwesome! Very hospitable and friendly staff. The burger was excellent and the mac was quite tasty. I'd eat there again without hesitationDrinks were good. Bartender was good. Food was good. This place really does not skimp on the bacon.YES! YES! YES!!!!!! 
I ordered the peanut butter, bacon burger, dressed w/ a fully loaded baked potato and it was amazing!!!! I was very skeptical about how the peanut butter was going to mix with it all, and all I can say is that you have to try it at least once.... It will not disappoint!! The portion size was large , the price was reasonable, and the service was excellent.
This place is definitely on point and a must do when in the French quarter!!!!!!PEANUT BUTTER BURGER!!!  
i'll admit it.  i was hesitant to try it at first.  my cousins did not want to split  burgers with me in the event that i did not like this peanut butter burger.  but then i asked myself: when am i going to have another burger like this in my life??  so i ordered it.  and you should too!!   it was probably one of the best burgers ever!  the sweetness of the peanutbutter meshed into the savory meat.   i can garuntee you will enjoy every bite.  even though i'm not a fan of bacon, it was more tolerable in this burger because it was finely minced.  when i tasted the burger patty alone it was seasoned well, and could stand alone as a good hamburger.
there was another jalepeno salsa burger that was not too impressive - salsa tasted like it was from a jar from the gas station.  bleu cheese burger had massive amounts of cheese.
the baked potatos were so buttery, hot, and fresh - a nice change compared to french fries.
why is this place yo mama?  because they have yo mama jokes on the reciept when you leave.  on ours was:  "yo momma's so nasty she pours salt water down her pants to keep her crabs fresh!"Ahh! I am so conflicted. I really wanted to love this place but it just did not win me over. The vibe is definitely a dive bar, which I normally love. The place is lit in red lights which messed with my eyes. I could barely concentrate and I felt awful. When I stepped outside it was so bright in comparison. 
The menu has great options. For sides you can sub a salad for no additional cost. I ordered the simple cheeseburger. Nothing crazy. I just needed something as a base for all of my day drinking ahead. However, I wanted a smaller burger. If you get a small burger with a side it is just as much as a big burger with a side. It is like a quarter difference. I find that annoying. 
The burger was good. Was it great?  No. It was actually pretty average. The salad was terrible. It looked like it was the same toppings they used on the burgers. Chopped iceberg lettuce, sliced tomatoes and cucumbers. It was nice to have a salad option but they obviously did not try very hard with the salad.
Would I go there again?  Probably not. It is a good burger but NOLA has so much more to offer other places. I did not have a cocktail but if you are looking for cheap drinks, their signs listed tons of specials.A couple hours after eating Yo Mama's burgers, both my girlfriend and I were violently puking. Beware.
Oh also, they don't tell you, but they charge $2 when you ask for water. That can't even be legal.If the peanut butter burger wasn't just so darn good, this would've been a 1 star review.  The service was mediocre at best.  We tried eating upstairs at first but after being solidly ignored by the bartender in favor of other tables that arrived after us, we decided to try downstairs.  The service was a little friendlier but still insanely slow.  It didn't seem to be terribly busy as it was a Sunday evening and it wasn't all that full.  It took about 45 minutes after ordering to get 2 burgers to go which was a bit ridiculous but I was determined to try the peanut butter burger.  It was really good but we definitely didn't make a second trip back during our visit.After driving 16 hours from Detroit to New Orleans, my friends and I were absolutely famished. We wandered in here shortly after walking to the quarter, and luckily it was nice and chill (both mood and temperature) inside. The menu looked amazing and it certainly did not disappoint! The food came out in a timely fashion, and I finished my BBQ chicken sandwich in record time. I tried my friends peanut butter bacon burger and it was life changing. So much so that since eating that burger my friends and I have come up with a life changing entrepreneurial idea that may just change the course of our lives forever! 
The gumbo was also extremely delicious, though maybe a little salty. 
On top of that the server was lovely and friendly. I was glad to find a new favorite burger spot for when I'm here visiting.One of my "Go To" places in Nola. Perfect stop for a great burger and cool tunes. An extensive Tequila selection if that is your vice. Bummed that they ditched the bartender swing on the 2d floor. WTF?My hubby wanted a hamburger and after asking around, everyone said Yo Mama
I checked the menu out and it said homemade desserts, that is false there are no desserts, so do not leave room for it.  But the food was sooooo yummy and Dwayne the cook/server was so friendly!   I had the burger with jalapenos, avocado and salsa with a baked potato   It was awesome.  You can either get a baker or salad they offer nothing else as a side.
So if you want a great burger go over to Yo Mamas!!!I've been back and tried the Peanut Butter and Bacon burger... It rocks!The service is super sassy and I like it!!!  
The first time I went here (Super Bowl Sunday) EVERYTHING was amazing! Totally a 5 star experience. The service was great, the burger (Bleu Cheese and bacon) was so delicious, just the right amount of juicy, with a ton of bleu cheese and bacon and the baked potato was loaded with cheese and bacon also (you can totally see I was on a bacon mission)... just yummy all the way around. Now fast forward about two weeks. Having had such a good experience, I took a friend here. It was the first night of the parades through the quarter, so it was super busy... like, line out the door busy, but so were most places.  We waited in line for about 30 - 45 mins, which was fine. We were served our drinks promptly... just like before. And service was the same, great! We ordered our burgers... and we waited and waited and waited. After a good hour, we finally get our food. But no potatoes, seems they ran out in the hour it took us to get our food... boo. But we were still excited and starving, so we dug in. Nope, not the same quality as before. The bread as dry and crumbly, the meat over cooked and dry. Sigh.... But I am not giving up on this place. My first time has me hooked and I am attributing this mishap to the über drunk customers and overall ridiculous busy-ness. So, do yourself a favor and stop by on a regular night and enjoy the dry sarcasm of your bartenders and the juicy delicious burgers. I fully intend to become quite the regular.I was SO excited to stop here during red dress run! Normally this place is one of my favorites but I was very dissapoii was in new orleans for 2 weeks but my first night in town i was there with a band and it added up to a large group of people. we wandered a bit after eating dinner and found ourselves in Yo Mama's.. As the chairs filled up quickly I was approached by a security guy who said there was an entire bar upstairs with plenty of seating. SO glad he told me about that! We took over some tables and had our way with the stripper pole on the stage. The bartender upstairs, Cole took such amazing care of us she was totally cool under the pressure and made great drinks. I had so much fun that I went back every single day of my 2 week trip. Thanks Yo mama's!Boy oh boy this place was a lifesaver for a slightly drunk and very hungry tourist (me). Directed here by the friendly bouncer from a bar around the corner on Bourbon Street at 1am. Came in to find a long wooden bar counter populated  by diverse tourist types on one side and a gem of a local goth bartendress on the other. Not much of a chick for conversation was she but she did know rightaway that I needed a beer and a burger. Along with those I got the alligator sausage bites and a baked potato (one of those nights). All were awesome. Spent a couple of dollars playing Elvis on the jukebox to round out my night. All in all a gem of a place and I would go right back.A friend of mine, recommended I try a peanut butter burger from here.  Never had that as a combo...but I like all the ingredients.  The decor is typical bar... But the burgers ... Wow ..cooked exactly how I wanted and ... Man-O-Man was it good.  Ate it all...came with a baked potato...loaded.  Delicious.  
Not a place for kids ... But I will be back.i love this place  the food is always  great service is wonderful  i would eat here every damn night  if i wasn't watching my figure
the  penut butter bacon burger  is the best burger i have tasted by far in new orleansThis is a fantastic bar and a better grill. possibly the best burger in the area. Our first step out of the hotel is always to visit this little hole on the wall. You will absolutely adore the hot sauce coupled with your burger and mac-and-cheese. Please for the love of god if you ever make it to the quarter get yourself a burger and beer from this establishment.Much more than a late night dive, Yo Mama definitely delivers.  Visited this bar/dive at about 11:30pm/midnight on Friday night based on the Yelp reviews about the most amazing mac n' cheese in NOLA. 
Tust me.  It delivers.
It's dark, it's a bit scary, and you'd never expect them to accept your order for a tasty burger and mac at the bar--but it happens.  The bartenders/servers are attentive and extremely helpful.  My boyfriend and I had the chili burger and the mushroom burger, both with the house mac n cheese.
The burgers were amazing.  Even better was the mac.  Made with rigatoni pasta, it was hot and creamy with a bit of kick (pepper)--the perfect need met at just the right time. 
When I'm in NOLA again I'll definitely be trolling YO MAMA during the late night again.  If you're a fan of burgers and mac n cheese (and a bit of a break from the cajun/creole/beignet menu of NOLA), head on over to this gem!Best restaurant Mac-n-cheese I've ever had (they use penne pasta and are liberal with pepper). Burger was perfectly cooked and delicious. Baked potato was perfect. The bartender was fantastic and very creative, making me a lemonade concoction that was the perfect balance of sweet and sour.Yo Mama's Bar and Grill was a small bar that had about 3 or 4 tables with a dimly lit interior. I suggested to come here and apparently one of my friends was disappointed that we came here. Anyways, the rating doesn't reflect him but rather the place itself. 
I read that the Peanut Butter Burger ($10.50) was popular and famous so I decided to order that with a can of Guinness ($5). The bartender was nice, but she was a little disappointed that we all had water for drinks. I know that would just mean not as much tip for her if none of us ordered a drink. I wanted to see what drinks they had on their menu but I decided to just order a Guinness.
Our food took awhile to come out. When they finally came out, I was surprised how big the burgers were. The Peanut Butter Burger was interesting but I wouldn't recommend it. The peanut butter didn't complement the burger but that was what I thought. Everything else was okay for the burger. I guess my expectations were a little high based on all of the Yelpers' tips.Somewhat unique burger selections, okay burger.
The burger here was better than one from an average run of the meal burger place.  Compared to the better burger places, this place is average or slightly better (perhaps worth 3.5 stars).
The meat was cooked to order and was relatively juicy.  Putting peanut butter on the burger was a neat idea but I think I would rather have had more vegetable toppings (they were sparse) and no peanut butter.  Baked potato was okay.There are a few things that make this place worth looking for parking in the quarter.... 
First is the burgers - they are just good... flavorful, juicy, cooked correctly. Just good
Second - the cook makes what he wants as sides so sometimes it is coleslaw and sometimes it Mac and Cheese - which is incredible. 
There are only a few tables in this bar. restaurant and the servers are ALWAYS friendly...
i am too scared to try the peanut butter bacon burger but I have seen people order and eat it and then  get one to take home.... 
Maybe I will be adventurous and try it soon....
GO TO YO MOMMA'S!Went to Nola back in Dec. and went Yo Mama's after reading reviews on Yelp! The place itself is kinda creepy (but then again its Nola) but the staff is nice. I got the Peanut Butter Bacon Burger and HUGE Baked Potato for lunch. It sure was yummy!!!! To bad I can't get one here in Chicago. If I ever go back to Nola, I would stop there again.I absolutely adore that so many out-of-towners have written rave reviews of Yo-Mama's. This is one hell of a hamburger joint and a great bar to boot. It breaks my heart to drive down Esplanade and see all those fools waiting outside of Port of Call when they can slip into a booth usually right away at Yo-Mama's and get the best burger in town, served up with a little sassy love. The Peanut Butter Bacon Burger brings down the house, but my new love is the Bull Fighter with extra jalapenos. The succulent smoked alligator sausage appetizer or perfectly spiced gumbo might take away from your appetite, but that's okay because you can order the smaller Yo-Mama's burger and put whatever toppings on it that you desire. I bring everyone here, even vegetarians, because these guys can even make a mean veggie burger. Any valet or concierge worth anything in the Quarter will steer you to this place over Port of Call. If not, change hotels.this dive was where we decided to eat a late xmas dinner. seemed like a mix between tourists and locals. 
stiff drinks and decent service if you aren't obnoxious. sit at the bar vs one of the few tables or else you might get ignored. 
burgers were above average. went with their house special peanut butter/bacon burger and didn't know what to expect. was surprised. peanut butter was pretty subtle and it all worked. 
baked potato as a side was gigantic. came with the works and looked to be the thing to order. 
good option for a casual bite. talked to a few locals later on the trip who had high praise for this place. 
food took forever to come out but the bartender bought us a round. good times.Music is good, food is great, and price is average for NOLA. I'd would recommend it to friends for sureThis place never disappoints! Even the locals recommended it.  Every time I come to NOLA I stop here for their baked potato... It's simply amazing. The waitstaff is very friendly and I kind of like the red lights in the background. I have had the burger and chicken sandwich, but the potato is above else... Stellar!As we drove away from New Orleans a bacon & peanut butter infused tear slowly rolled down my face. I don't know when I will see you again, Yo Mama, but I won't stop reliving that moment we shared.
That moment included a peanut butter bacon cheeseburger and a nearly perfect baked potato. You will suffer no fry envy here. The PB&B combo may sound strange, but works extremely well. Place that flavor mound on a perfectly cooked burger and you WILL forget what a po'boy is.
So now one of the top 5 burgers in my life resides approximately 15 hours from my house. That is not a good thing.Yo mama's is a bar. Let's be clear about this. It's a shotgun bar that serves food. If you are looking for burgers they can be found here. As in they exist, but it's not necessarily their strong suit. You should drink here. Definitely drink here. Because it's a bar.....that serves food. The staff is personable, but not quite friendly. But that's okay, because I don't need a fairy godmother to serve me a drink in NO. Just pour.I went to Yo Mamas on a suggestion from a friend. We were in a rush and decided to call for a take out order. The first time I called a woman put me on hold for 10 minutes before I hung up. But I decided to call back. We ordered two burgers "fully dressed" one with cheese and the other with no mayo, side salad with honey mustard dressing. When I walked in to pick it up it, I said hello to the woman behind the bar (she had neon purple hair) and said I had an order to pick up. She looked at me and just said "Ok?"  I then asked if there was a window or someone I should go to to pick it up. She then slammed down the cup and lemons she was doing god knows what with  and said "oh ok I'm sorry I'll just stop what I'm doing and help you!" Then says pretty loudly numerous times to other customers "I'm sorry Melanie here is in a huge rush so I have to help her first." SO RUDE. I was stunned and walked out. As if the service wasn't terrible enough, our order was completely messed up: no cheese, mayo on everything, wrong salad dressing, and the burgers weren't even "dressed" with tomato or onion. The burger itself was good but the service and incorrect order made me never want to go back.THIS is the place that started the obsession!  My last meal (if I ever have/get to choose). The jalapeño Peanutbutter Bacon Burger!!!!!  Overcome your fears and bow down to the king!  
A lot of folks can't ever see themselves putting peanut butter on a burger. Whatever, get over it, it's actually amazing. It adds a wholesome taste to everything. Add ketchup!!!  I repeat, USE KETCHUP!  The mix with PB is nothing short of taste bud ecstasy.Let me first say what this bar with a burger joint in it is not.  It is not a coddled white tablecloth environment, with a bathroom attendant.  IT IS A DIVE BAR.
Which to me is perfect.  These guys own it well.  An excellent bar selection, and somehow they manage to make it a quiet oasis from the carnival that is Bourbon street.  I actually went there 2 nights in a row.  The first night the grill was not open.  So I had a few beers, and went around the corner to Mr. B's. The food there was great, but the bartender told the story of an amazing hamburger with peanut butter on it.  It seems my destiny was to return to Yo Mama's.
On my second visit, I was again greeted by friendly staff and quickly handed an ice cold beer from their large selection.  Both nights, the bartender did everything possible to make me comfortable.
I must say it seems like the grill is a bit detached from the bar.  Yes they are connected, but the grill has a life of it's own. Think hard working guys cranking out amazing burgers. 
I had the Peanut butter burger.  Why? Because where else can you have that?  Life is too short to eat at Appleby's.  Experience new things. 
They have a great selection of Tequila.  So if your catalog goes deeper than Jose Cuervo, there is Don Julio and and his other top shelf friends that will help you enjoy the big easy with some style.
This is a no frills place with lots of character.  Sit, wait, drink and enjoy the best burger you will have in the French Quarter.My husband has been trying to get me to go to 
yo mama's  place for over a year. We had heard about it for a while , it has been touted as a diamond in the rough. We heard tales of  great homemade burgers and  unique flare. We finally made it on a week night at about 10:30. Wow?, how disappointing!!!!! The red strip club lighting is ridiculous and the music was Soooo loud i had to shout across the table to be heard. The food was  gross! I requested my burger well done. It was burnt. The ingredients were barely discernable from each other.  The burger and toppings looked as thought they had been put through a food processor  on low...before  being pressed onto the bun. It was a Tepid sloppy mess. The gumbo tasted as though someone cleaned out the fridge and used the left over red beans and rice instead of a roux. My husband wouldn't  even eat it...and he LOVES gumbo, he prides himself on trying gumbo at almost every restaurant we go to.... the salad was soggy , however the tomatoes and cucumbers seemed fresh. The blue cheese  salad dressing was great ...but if that is all a restaurant can promise, it's pretty sad. After our food came we picked at it and stopped eating after about 5 minutes. The server immediately came over and asked if we were done? She did not asked what we thought instead she affected an apathetic demeanor that suggested she was quite used to customer complaints and didn't much care. Oh ...and their house made hot sauce( apparently they don't carry any other) tastes like burnt vinegar ,soap, and Chipotle. The Sausage tasted suspiously like store bought chicken bratwurst.
The bill was not that expensive. ...however we didn't eat our food eat so it was too much. 
.... never again....ever. this city has wonderful Food and many great restaurants. This was not oneOh man the peanut butter and bacon burger is slamming. Besides a burger I had in Portugal, this is my 2nd favorite burger. The bake potato fully loaded was delish. Small bar/hole in the wall. Place is a little small but all in all 4 stars.Yo mama burger was amazing!!! First bloody Mary I ordered 3 out of 5 on spicy scale and it was great, second bloody Mary I went for 5 out of 5 and it was perfect! Not overly spicy, it was just right. My wife had a turkey burger and claimed it was the best she'd ever had and we eat turkey burgers a lot at home. I tried it and agreed! Price was cheap too!This place is excellent if you're in the mood for an amazing burger, down to earth bartenders and an enjoyable atmosphere!  
The Peanut Butter Bacon Burger is where it's at!  The hot sauce that they offer is bangin'!  ( I got a bottle to-go)
Just go!!!Dark little dive bar.  Great service.  My friend and I shared a regular burger and a peanut butter/bacon burger...it was SO GOOD.You won't get fries with your burger but you won't care. Burgers come with potato salad, Mac and Cheese or a baked potato. The bun  is nothing write home about but the burger and toppings are great. 
Atmosphere is about you expect on Bourbon St. Dive bar.  The Mac and cheese was a nice side.   
Solid burger for sure. Will make this a regular stop when in New Orleans.My husband and I had the BBQ burger and the peanut butter bacon burger and the peanut butter bacon burger was delicious! The BBQ burger was tasty too but the peanut butter burger was our favorite.  The combo of warm peanut butter and bacon was amazing! It is a dive bar but we didn't care because the food came out fast, the prices were reasonable and they were generous portions. Definitely try it out if you are looking for something fast, casual and different.dive bar atmosphere with a damn good burger. wouldn't want to see the kitchen up close, but sometimes you just want to eat a burger.The one pound burger was awful..over cooked and no juice to be found ..cheese was ordered but not delivered..sent back for cheese and returned with cheese sprinkled on but not melted..sent back to have cheese melted...result was near indelible..so disappointing! Baked potato was not hot..Great burger!  My husband has been talking to ever local he could find 2 is this location.  Salad available - dressing r basic but it does really real at what it is - a great burger & beer spot!!!Nice local bar with great burgers. Try the peanut butter hamburger. It's delishPeanut butter burger time! 
PEANUT BUTTER BURGER TIME!!
No seriously, so maybe you've had 2 daiquiris, a hurricane +/- a hand grenade... This is def the place to drop in & refuel! 
And when else will you be drunk enough to agree to peanut butter on your burger! 
It's soo good though! So good indeed that I've gone back sober for more!
It's def a dive bar so manage your expectations accordingly, but it'll be well worth it to drop in on this NOLA gem!My fiance and I recently visited New Orleans while photographing a wedding and, to our surprise, one of the best meals we had during our stay was a plain old cheeseburger at Yo Mama's! Our bus tour guide recommended it to us, so when we stumbled upon it at 10pm while starving, hot and tired, we decided to duck in. The service was prompt and the burgers, to use a word made up by the man in the booth behind us, were "burgasmic"! We actually shook the cook's hand. No kidding - some of the best burgers we've had anywhere!I am rating them on food/drink alone, as I think they could have had better music in the jukebox!
After all the great yelp reviews, my friends and I wandered in on a Sunday afternoon for Burgers and Beers.  The reviews don't lie - I ate the BEST cheeseburger I have ever had.  I ordered the loaded cheddar cheeseburger with the loaded baked potato.   The burger was a cooked the perfect medium.  I am not normally a fan of loaded baked potatoes, but can definitely  say that I am a fan of theirs.  SO GOOD!
Sorry Port of Call, I think Yo Mama's has better burgers.  The price is also right and the beers are fairly inexpensive as well.  Glad to know this place is there for us in the French Quarter when we visit the lovely NOLA.  As far as the atmosphere, this is a bar after all people, so don't expect it to look like "Houstons".After skimming all those review, I wish I tried the burgers. I was there for Crawfish boil once. We saw the sign outside and popped in. Thanks to Yo-Mama's, I am ruined for life. Coming from NY and now living in the desert, I grew to like frozen crawfish. Not anymore. I remember the bill for dinner and about a thousand drinks to be really cheap.
10/6/09
Well I was back down in NOLA the weekend of Sept. 25th and decided to try out these famous burgers. $9.50 for an al a carte burger seems steep, but the reviews were stellar. Sadly, I was not impressed. The size of said burger was promising, huge patty, bun, topped with lots of crispy bacon, how could I lose. The meat was bland and I suspect greasy if the churning in my stomach after that was indication of such things. I punished my digestive system while in NO, so I can't blame Yo Mama's for that. Staff seemed annoyed. I would give my burger experience there 2 stars. Sorry.Seriously the best burger I've had in a long time!  Great food, great service, great atmosphere!  This place has it all.Before my last trip to New Orleans, my boyfriend insisted on trying the peanut butter bacon cheeseburger at Yo Mamma's. I wasn't skeptical at all, but I had no idea it would be so delicious that we would go back for more.
The burger was huge and the loaded baked potato was no joke. I would recommend ordering burger "fully dressed" with the mayo and everything.  Two people could share the burger and potato. We've tried to recreate the meal since we've been home. We've come close but we just can't seem to nail it. 
The service at the bar was friendly and fast and the atmosphere is nice and relaxed without the Bourbon Street buzz. I know that our next trip to New Orleans is going to include another round or two of gooey peanut butter bacon deliciousness. Check your receipt though! They have "Yo Mamma..." jokes on the bottom.The burgers and loaded potatoes are amazing...love every one of the burgers and  it's all at a great price for the amount of food you get. Plus drinks are reasonable here as well. The only downfall is being so close to Bourbon so it can be annoying and the crowd there can be obnoxious. Just depends...After visiting New Orleans too many times to count or remember a stop at Yo Mama's is a must. From their food to their large selection of tequilla to there great bartenders and owner this place is always a good time. If you are ever there during a crawfish boil, they have an excellent one .Stopped by during our visit to New Orleans (mainly because of the reviews on Yelp).  Ordered the PB bacon burger, it was surprisingly good as others have stated.  I thought the burger itself was really juicy and cooked perfectly as well.  The atmosphere was pretty eclectic and very "divey"--we liked it.  Service was average, as the one waitress in the place was also serving the bar folks as well.  Would come back the next time we're in town.  
I'd give it 4 stars (3.5 stars) but it was really hot and they didn't seem to have the A/C on.Being in the French Quarter and wanting a burger, we walked over to Yo Mama's.  Hadn't been in a while.
Loud, loud music; but we stayed anyway.
Cheeseburgers w/ loaded baked potato for both of us.
Tasted fine, a lot of food for $12.  Good drinks, OK service.  Very loud music !
The juicy big patty finally overcame the thin bun, resulting in a knife & fork burger, but still good.
The music was terribly loud.
Go, but don't forget earplugs !
RickThis place is so down-to-earth and friendly! The hot sauce is AMAZING! The burgers are cooked to your liking and delicious. I'm in love with this place! I'm a regular and there's nothing better than regular customer red carpet treatment! 
It's a biker bar for sure but I've seen all walks of life here. If you're looking for a no frilly, friendly place to enjoy a fantastic burger with your adult friends because children are not welcome due to the gambling machines, alcohol, smoking and risqué bathroom pics, this is your place!Julia (real sweetheart, purple hair), Emily (sweet, pretty brunette), Angela (older brunette) and Jessica (tall very pretty blonde) are such great attentive and fun bartenders. They can really liven up a dull day or bad mood. 
Okay, so it is a dive bar but there is a great jukebox, really good steak and most of the burgers are fine.... try the many times mentioned Peanut Butter burger and add some Jalapenos... extra good.
The drink list is extensive except for the wine selection but hey this isn't Napa Valley.
There are MANY tequilas to choose from at great prices for the quarter and really any major USA city, as well as many cool bar concoctions such as the deconstructed Bloody Mary.............
Upstairs has a different vibe to the real divey downstairs bar and I usually just stay downstairs.
Overall I would give it 82/100 as a bar/burger joint.... 94/100 if you ignore the solitary grumble bum bartender (short blonde hair).
Of all the places in the quarter this is a big fave along with Deja Vu (DIVE BAR), 635 (Bourbon, live music), the real divey Sing Sing (good music).
BTW someone complained about this place being dirty etc.... of all the places I frequent in the quarter this place is the cleanest... especially the men's room and bar areas...........My friend Phil's dad is an amazing cook and a big foodie. Apparently he had been raving about the burgers at Yo Mama's.
My best friend from middle/high school, Liz, was visiting me from New York and I was showing her around the French Quarter with my friends Phil and Zach, even though it was still raining from that storm we had in September. We were initially going to get her some New Orleans food and were going to go to Coop's, but it didn't work out, and Phil was more than happy to suggest going to Yo Mama's.
We got to Yo Mama's only to find out that we couldn't go in cuz Zach isn't 21 yet. We decided to do a take-out order. I forget what Zach got (one of the burgers), Liz got the cordon bleu, and Phil and I got the infamous peanut butter burger. We got our food and went to Phil's house. We sat around the table and I took one bite into my burger. Yumm. Who knew peanut butter could taste so good on burgers? I don't even care that much for PB but this burger was definitely worthy of the hype. I guess this would go on my list of successful sweet & savory combinations along with maple bacon (I've tried this in the form of ice cream and donut--Voodoo Doughnut, anyone?) and pineapple in stir fry dishes.
I really enjoyed my burger. I'd like to go back and try some of the other burgers.We stopped here for dinner on a Friday evening.  My husband ordered the peanut butter bacon burger, which I tasted, and it was surprisingly pretty good.  It's hard to describe, you just have to taste it.  I got the blue cheese burger and it was good as well.  My only gripe was the service was not the best and the atmosphere was kind of dark.  Our server never smiled once and was not very friendly or pleasant.  But we were there for the food, so I can look past that.  Lastly, I would have given this place 3.5 stars but the collage of naked men in the bathroom bumped it up to a 4.Best burgers in town.  Place is kind of a dive bar, but what should you expect right off of Bourbon St.OMG AMAZING!!!  Best Hamburger Hands Down!  If you want posh, upscale place then stay away.  This isn't the place for you.  This is a great little hidden local bar and grill with tasty, messy, and amazing burgers served in a wide variety of ways!  And if that wasn't enough, they also serve about 90 different types of tequila.  You have to check this place out.Good burger, not great. Cool, super divey atmosphere. Full bar.Service: Extremely friendly and will answer all of your questions and make recommendations
Food: Since my partner and I can only eat so much, we decided to split the Peanut Butter Bacon Burger. The patty is 1/2 lb. so it was definitely filling. Can I just say that we are still dreaming of this burger. Who would have thought that peanut butter and "burger" go together? Raising hand!! I'm a believer.
Drinks: Large tequila selection. Owner ages his/her own.
Time of day: 7pm on a Tuesday, lots of seating, no wait
Extras: They have TV's for you sports fanatics.Peanut Butter Burger. Yea I had it or should I say that it had me. First off, it is deliciously massive, so the weird combination of hamburger, peanut butter, and bacon sucks you in. You know that this decadent, gooey burger has to bad for you, but once you take that first bite, there really is no going back. How does that song go, "Feels so wrong, but it feels so right"? I think that pretty much sums up. Yo Mama's signature burger is awesome, but so are the other burgers which can be overlook for the peanut butter juggernaut. I think this is a mistake, because their menu is equally excellent on all fronts
Another thing I like besides the food and great service is that this joint offers a   valuable commodity in the Bourbon Street area, seclusion. When I say seclusion, I mean a quite place to take a break from the parade drunken tourist who stumble into any of the open door bars that line Bourbon Street and St Peter St. The hand grenade drink crowd usually pops into a bar for one drink and they can disturb the mood of the bar. Yo Mamma's structural design of a long bar nestled next to tables on the opposite wall really invites you sit down for more than one drink. Thus, hand grenade crowd tends to stay clear of this pub which is great for the foodie or yelper.
One final note, be careful with that Peanut Butter Burger, for it was so massive that I must confess I had a it of a tummy ache when I left the bar. (I knew I should have gotten a to-go box. That being said I'm craving it as I right this...may be time to book a return flight to New OrleansThe peanut burger and bacon burger were both out of this world! Needed a break from all the creole/cajun we've had all week. I'm glad we turned down all the other burger spots on the way here. Everything was perfectly cooked and the portions were huge. My loaded baked potato took up half the plate! Great service and very nice staff too. Definitely coming back next time I visit.Let's get down to it.
This is a real locals place. You want locals place, you got it. I don't mean no bullshit Emeril's like the tourist trap. Look here: Yo Mama's has the best burgers in NOLA. 
No, Port O Call may have held that flag, but no longer. The peanut butter one is great although I have had a few of the others. AWESOME!! 
Killer local's spot, kinda hidden in a doorway. Those are the best kind of places! Now git!I have been to this bar a number of times.  I would give it 5 stars if it weren't for the fact that the last few times I have been here the wait has been so long and some of the staff have been kind of rude.  Regardless of this, I think this might be my favorite burger in New Orleans.  I usually get the Bull Fighter, which is a burger topped with avocado, salsa and jalapenos.  The loaded potato is also to die for.  I am huge baked potato fan though and could probably eat one every day.  Don't go here if you are in a hurry because it usually takes a while to get your food.  I even took my mom and aunt here when they were in town visiting and they loved it.Great burgers! We tried the peanut butter and bacon and it's very good. It's really not as weird as people might think it is. It's savory and creamy and just plain good. The bartendar/servers are on top of it all and very nice. It's a great place to go eat when you are tired of going to restaurants.  We went their twice during our trip and loved it both times. Burgers are also reasonably priced at $10.50 or so each and they are huge!Good burger, loaded baked potato was really awesome. The only thing I was a little disappointed with was the temperature of the food. I felt it could be a little hotter so the cheese melts on the burger and the baked potato as well, but still this is a great place to stop in and eat. The service was amazing - bartenders are talkative and really friendly.Awesome burgers!  This place holds up to the famous Port of Call any day of the week and they have a far more diverse burger menu.  Whenever I'm in the Quarter Yo-Mamas is where I head for my burger crave.Only in New Orleans for 2 days but so glad I stopped here! Such a chill atmosphere and I just wanted to eat everything! Baked potato was one of the best I ever had and the Mac and cheese really hit the spot! Burgers were excellent too! My group tried the pb burger and it was really something special! I hope I get to go back one dayWe visited with our kids after the Krewe de Vieux. Of course no minors are allowed due to the fact that they have VLTs so we ended up standing around outside for a very long time but damn, those burgers were worth the wait!
This is how good the burgers are....we waited almost 1 1/2 hours before the door guy took pity on us and went to check on them.  Magically, they were ready within minutes! However, pretty much all of the sides were wrong. WHO CARES?  Not us! These burgers will change your life, do yourself a favour and order the peanut butter and bacon burger and get ready to have your mind blown.
That is all.Stopped in for lunch because we heard so much about the burgers. They were big and good. Hubby got the peanut butter. Sounds weird, but I tasted it and it was good! I had the blue cheese with bacon. Very good. Bartender was very friendly. Interesting ladies room. :)This place is great!
Honestly we sort of got tired of the cajun/creole thing because thats all we ate for 3 days trying out new stuff. So i looked up reviews for burger spots and came across Yo Mamas. 
The waitress/bartebder was super cool and easy going (and pretty cute). I was with a group of friends, 3 ordered the peanut butter burge (including me), one ordered the chili cheese, one ordered the bacon cheese, and one ordered one that i forgot the name but it had salsa on it. everyone loved their burgers and the baked potatoe was on point.
I personally had the peanut butter with jalapenos added, it was delicious. Just to clarify, when you take a bite and you get cheese and bacon and beef and jalapenos and all the other delicousness dont expect to taste a plain chunk of peanut butter. . You take a bite and all the different flavors merge and then you will never eat a burger anywhere else. it was THAT awesome. i will definitely recommend this to anyone going to NOLA.Had the peanut butter burger. It's good, but not $13 good. Really nothing special. It's not like the beef was fresh and juicy, or the bun is buttery soft. It's a lot of hype. The Mac n cheese tasted like it was instant stuff. I should have gotten the baked potato.
I might come back and try the other stuff.Thank you Yelpers for discovering this place!
There are so many great restaurants in NOLA, but I had a hard choice last night deciding what I wanted.  Part of me wanted a nice Creole or Cajun dish.  Part of me just wanted a good steak.  When it finally came down to eating, I just wanted something good and kind of quick.  I saw this place on Yelp and was I so happy to see it.
I ordered a regular cheeseburger and my friend order the mushroom one.  It was so good.  At first I did not think I would be able to eat it all, but when I was done, i was full and could not believe I ate it all!
This place is nothing more than a bar that serves food, but they sure know what they are doing.  The place is a no frills place, nothing special at all.  No courtyard or interesting fire fountains or dancing lights.  Just a plain bar with a few tables.  But who cares, they had a great juke box and I listened to Talkin' Blues, Bloodletting and Walkin' to New Orleans.  Who could ask for more?
This place is the bomb.  I think I will make it a regular stop on my future trips to The Big Easy!Not sure what everybody is raving about.  I got a burger and asked for the onions to be grilled, sorry, the chef is too busy.  Ok, well let's add mushrooms and cheese to that.  It took forever and it was all cold.  The meat, the cheese, the mushrooms, cold.  I was willing to be forgiving because I was starving but I had to send it back.  They made me a new one.  It barely passed muster on the heat scale, at least it was somewhat warm the second time.  I won't be back.Awesome dive bar serving up excellent food. I tried the hyped peanut butter and bacon burger and was let down. It didn't really have the dynamic flavor profile that you would expect from such a concoction. However, the burger itself was cooked really nicely and had great flavor. I liked the blue cheese burger a lot more so next time I would order that one. The loaded baked potato is the perfect side dish and could almost be a meal in itself. A great burger and a loaded spud makes for a great comfort food meal. The fact that you can get it late if necessary after a night of drinking is a big plus. The bar is divey so don't expect much more than your run of the mill jack and cokes or gin and tonic.the best hamburger in nola. port o call has nothing on yo mammas. The difference is a better grade of meat cooked to order like medium as a burger should be, greater selection of toppings, and overall better taste. Yo mamma's doesn't have the drinks like Port O Call but makes up for it with the burger.Dear Peanut Butter Lovers,
Yes, this place has a peanut butter burger. Yes, it has bacon on it too.
You can't go wrong with the PB burger (with a baked potato with even more bacon) or any of the other burgers for that matter. You should definitely ask for some of the home made hot sauce (put in on your baked potato, duh). 
Pro-tips: they have an amazing tequila list and are open late for your late night Quarter burger needs.I'll preface this by saying we had a great time and the service was great. But a Yelp search for best happy hour turned up this place and the bartender quickly informed us that this wasn't that kind of place. Unfair to give a 3, but Yelp screwed them on this one.I went to Yo Mama's because it's "Hot on Yelp" right now; and I was intrigued by the reviews.  Peanut butter bacon cheeseburgers?  Sounds disgusting, right?  I just couldn't imagine the pairing of these two flavors, but my curiosity got the best of me, so I ventured in to give it a try.  
Go upstairs:  that's where the grill is and where the deliciousness begins.  I sat at the bar (I went alone) and ordered from the friendly, trendy/tatooed bartender.  You get to choose from 3 different "sides":  fries, baked potato, or mac & cheese.  I chose the mac & cheese.  I ordered a beer (they only have bottles upstairs, no draft) and sat back to take in the atmosphere.
There is no natural light upstairs, so the only lighting comes from several red lights throughout the room.  The decor is gothic New Orleans with candle operas, fake skulls, scary Rasputin-like portraits and lava lamps.  Totally awesome.  Did you spot the tacky painting of two lions humping?  Bonus points if you do (hint, it's above one of the lava lamps behind the bar).  In fact you should trek here JUST to view this particular piece d'art.  
I sat at the bar next to a couple who were getting ready to dig into their platter of crayfish.  The bartender delivered it and showed them how to eat them (pinch off the head, suck the meat outta the body and chase it by then sucking the juice outta the head).  It looked good and they said they loved it.
My burger showed up.  OM God.  OM GOD -- it was DELICIOUS!  The mac & cheese was also great.  Total yummy comfort food.  Under $15 bucks (before tip) for burger, mac & cheese & a bottle of beer.Good food, good bar. Nothing really special about it. The burgers are better than most burger joints around town. I'd stop in again, if I were in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there. The staff was really friendly though.The burgers are huge and damn good! I ordered the The Bull Fighter and it did not disappoint!I was traveling alone and was told to go here.  Seriously.  Great bar.  Food was good.  Went in for a burger, stayed for hours.  Staff was great friendly, talkative, funny as hell.  Made you feel at home.  Like a real hometown bar.  Asked where you are from and then some.  If you get a chance stop in.  Stella and Fritz thanks for a great evening.  I can't say it enough, talk about a friendly outgoing staff.Can't say enough about Yo Mama! lol The service food and drinks were great, timing was sometimes a little off but overall not bad. You should give Yo Mama a try!The burger was pretty dang good. The food took forever though and the service royally sucks. The young blonde bartender acted put out anytime we needed anything. Even something as simple as a refill or our check split. Also, it doesn't matter if you order you burger medium, medium rare, well or whatever, it's coming out well done. Still a good burger though and a neat little dive bar. Probably wouldn't be back though.Burger was delicious. Loved it and fries are fresh. Just order the burger shut up and eat it you will smile.Ok, I'm not a peanut butter fan, so probably should not have let all the "you'll love the PB/bacon burger, even if you don't like peanut butter" reviews sway me. The burger was very good, but way to much PB for me. The baked potatoe, margaritas and service were all spot on! Great vibe, too. I'll go back for a burger, sans PB next time!Just finished eating here.  The peanut   butter & bacon burger was very unique and tasty.  But the highlight was the "cup" of gumbo.  It was brought out in a bowl, and I told the server that I had ordered a cup.  He said, "this is the cup."  It was an amazing helping, and without a doubt the best "cup" of gumbo I've ever had.  Delicious.  We ate in the upstairs bar, and the waitress was working alone at a busy time, making for slow response. But the quality of the food was well worth this minor inconvenience.  HIghly recommended.Stopped in for lunch has the bacon cheese burger with BBQ sauce,  baked tater with an in godly amount of bacon and cheese with a side salad. This place has to be on my top 5 burger joints!! We also had the gator crawfish sausage with an ice cold beer!!! Every thing was spot on!! One of the things I really liked about this place is the way they make you feel so welcome total local joint I felt like I have been coming in for years. It was so good in fact we came back and had a repeat of lunch for dinner!!!! Do yourself the favor get off the tourist path of  Nola and stop in this place you will be glad you did cheersssssssChicken cordon blue Sammie, Mac & chz with andouille sausage special order.  All very tastyThe burgers were utterly mouth-watering and the loaded baked potato that comes with them could have been a meal on it's own - smothered in bacon, shredded cheddar, and sour cream. This place did NOT disappoint. 
While I did not get a chance to try the peanut butter burger, the gumbo was excellent and the crawfish-alligator sausage whet the appetite perfectly.
I can haz moar nao??It took 1.5 hours to get 3 burgers. My burger was completely messed up- it had onions and mayo and no cheese. I asked for no onions and no mayo, add cheese. I was charged for cheese. I got the burger with jalapenos and salsa (I cant remember the name) and the jalapenos were raw...um, wtf? On top of the excruciating wait, our waitress was extremely rude. I'm guessing she was so frustrated/embarassed by how long it took to get us our order that she couldn't face bringing us our food when it was ready. She had someone else do it. My burger was less than satisfactory. I was happy to get out of there with no intention of returning. The baked potato was nothing to write home about either.Awesome little dive bar with great burgers.  Rolled back into town around midnight after LSU curb stomped my UW Huskies looking for a place to get a beer and a burger and this place came up with some good reviews. I was not disappointed, cheese burger I had tasted great and the option of a baked potato or potato salad was a nice change from fries.  Need a good burger and some time away from bourbon street, try this place out.The Best Burger I Have Ever Eaten. 
I am ashamed that I have been to New Orleans a dozen times at least before I found Yo Mama's. 
The quintessential experience of a night out in The French Quarter should include late night eats at this place. I went to the Port o Call and Yo Mamas in the same trip, so therefore I can declare do not waste your time at Port o Call. 
If that is not enough, where in the world can you get a shot of rumple minze and the world's best burger?Our stay was an adult vaca from 8/16- 8/19..... 
Upon entry we happened upon a man who was out on a smoke break, very friendly and informed. Unbeknownst to me, this was the person who created these amazing meals!  Note: We went on a Sunday night, not crowded at all. Not a place for kids obviously with pics of naked women but awesome nonetheless! My husband says he takes a star away because the pictures in the men's bathroom were only of naked white women (he's white) and he loves black women (obviously me) Haha. He had a foodgasm from the peanut butter bacon Burger and baked potato. He described the bacon as very savory, burger very moist and the peanut butter not overwhelming. I really enjoyed the juicy char-grilled taste of my chicken sandwich with bbq sauce and a baked potato. Life at yo mamas is delicious.After the most boring burger of my life at O'Henry's, I started craving Yo Momma's. Then it occured to me that I'll be downtown for KdV tonight, and that I can fulfill this need. Thank God. 
They let me sub a veggie patty on any burger I want. Awesome. They're effing delicious. The baked potatos are the shit. The drinks are strong, and the tequilla is impressive. The hotsauce, even more-so.Make sure you wear your fat kid pants and bring a bib. You will leave here greasy from the food (and probably the restaurant itself). After you enter this grimy, run-down, hole-in-the-wall joint, sit down and order the peanut butter burger and be prepared to slap yo mama -- it's that good.Very poor service we waited over 40 minutes for our burgers and then the Mac n Cheese was cold ... Burger was burnt and bread was stale.  Only one bartender working up top and was so busy no way she could have kept up.  Not worthy of the 4 star review I read to decide to go there.One of the best burgers that I have had ever!
Traveling to a new city we thought that we would try this place that was listed on Thrillist. 
A little divey bar with good music (not live), great service and delicious burgers. Nice place to cool down and have a drink or food.
I had the peanut butter & bacon burger.
Yummy!!
Wish we had some place similar.
I will be looking.I came here in the summer of 2011 and had the best burger of my life.  Reading the reviews, it sounds like a lot has changed (see link below), so perhaps this review no longer applies.  http://tquarter.blogspot.com/2012/07/the-uncensored-voice-of-service-industry.html
I was in New Orleans for work and visited Yo Mama's after seeing all the high Yelp reviews touting their amazing burgers.  Upon entering, I was surprised what I found - just your average dark, small bar...nothing special.  I sat alone at the bar and had a nice conversation with the bartender, who got me a Purple Haze - love it.  I believe she told me that the blue cheese burger was her favorite, so I decided to give it a go.  I'm not even a huge blue cheese fan, but I trusted this bartender.  When the burger came out, the appearance alone was impressive - huge, really moist, and fresh off the grill.  And once I took a bite, I knew I was experiencing what may be the best burger of my lifetime.  It was a truly amazing burger, and the blue cheese was a surprisingly awesome addition.  I was hooked.
The next day, I needed to track down some lunch.  When in a new city, I like to sample the local flavor and never try something I've had before.  But I couldn't resist!  I walked right back to Yo Mama's, sat alone at the bar again, and enjoyed yet another Blue Cheese Burger.
I truly hope the news about Yo Mama's doesn't affect their Blue Cheese Burger, because I will definitely be stopping by on my next visit to New Orleans.It was late and I was hungry. With 200 4-star Yelp reviews, I decided it was worth an adventure through Bourbon Street with my 2 coworkers late Sunday night.
We sat at the bar because the upstairs was full but, since that just reaffirmed the popularity of this place, I didn't mind. I ordered the house specialty - the Peanut Butter Bacon burger. It was definitely better than I expected but not something I would crave or miss if I never had it again simply due to the amount of fat; This was the first time in my life where I fully understood what it meant when people say they can feel their blood vessel walls hardening and their blood flow slow to a crawl. Nevertheless, this burger is definitely worth a try if you're like me and love trying creative foods. After all, what's the point of traveling if it isn't to try new things?
2 burgers + a vege (Bocca) burger + 3 beers = $50
PS. They don't sell french fries. I took this as a good sign that their burger was good enough to not need additional fillers on the side. If you really must have potato with your burger, they have a fantastic baked potato...but most likely, you won't make it there after the huge burger.As a vegetarian: being in the south can prove extremely difficult... But this place blew me away. It was recommended by a local, and holy hell its amazing! The entire band stuffed themselves with burgers. The veggie burger and mac n cheese were next level, and all the boys loved their beef burgers. A+++!!!Came here to try the Peanut butter and Bacon Burger and was not disappointed.  The burgers are large, juicy, and cooked to order. The flavor combination between the fatty/salty beef and the peanut butter and bacon is insanely good the only thing I wished more of was the peanut butter.  Some bites had no peanut butter flavor and others had the right amount I was looking for.  Instead of fries Mama's burgers come with baked potatoes, I got mine loaded and it certainly was loaded and delicious.  Burger price was fair for what you get and the service was good considering this is a bar doubling as a burger joint.  I will be back again when I feel a tug at my stomach for some peanut butter and bacon on my burger.  I can't give it five stars simply because I've had a better burger while here in New Orleans.I have always had the greatest experiences here. I expected more of a restaurant but actually prefer the divey atmosphere.  The burgers are cooked to order, you get to choose your temp, and the service is always pretty quick even though it can be busy with the pat o's reject crowd. I love the burger with salsa and avocado, but have also been happy with the regular cheddar burger. I opt for the salad but my companions usually get the potato which looks amazing.Warm ooey-gooey peanut butter drizzled generously atop a beefy jalapeno covered patty, YO-MAMA! I can't say it's the greatest thing I've ever eaten in my life, but it's certainly the most interesting. It took a minute for my brain to comprehend whether or not it liked what was happening, but I realized when I couldn't stop eating it (and licking my messy fingers afterwards) that the consensus was ultimately a big fat yes. Yes, yes, yes. You have to try it. Go.Mac and cheese isn't special. The service was special in that it was the worst I've ever experienced. If someone orders food,  just give them silverware as soon as they order... every party (three groups of 2) at the bar had to stare down the waitress with their food sitting in front of them. 
My soda refill wasn't requested. It was offered. What I originally had was repeated back to me, "ginger ale?" but, I was served coke.We waited an hour and half while 3 other groups of guests received their orders before us. The burgers and baked potato looked really good, but we never got to taste. The bartender/server was not very helpful and when we finally had enough and decided to leave she argued with us about taking the food off our tab so we could go. She even argued with us about an extra beer that was on our tab that we didn't order. Other reviews were good, I don't think we will be giving this one another chance.We stumbled on this place. We were like 3 doors down and asked a couple people if they knew where we could get a good burger.  Talk about providence.  Fun spot, we went upstairs and lucked into seats at the bar within 20 minutes or so.
I saw a guy next to me eating the peanut butter bacon burger.  He said it was great so I got one.  One of the top 3 burgers I have had in my entire life.  Really.  That  %@#(#^$ good.
Go get one.  Now.
This is on our "must go to" list of places EVERY time we are in NOLA from now on.Yo, this is my favorite hamburger joint in the city! Why? Class and character. 
Upstairs is a pseudo-sadistic boom-boom room, where you can still order a Peanut Butter Bacon Burger. Yes, peanut butter and bacon. On a burger. While watching people in a cage get whipped by a selection of medieval torture devices ornamenting the wall. Ok, so I have never seen the performance, but I suppose that happens on some nights. Dinner and entertainment, like medieval times for adults, half a block from bourbon st. Crazy stuff. 
And downstairs is a mad chill bar, with plenty of seating when dining in, usually playing a great selection of hard rock music. They have big beers, with collectable cups, too. 
Last time I stopped in was actually during Mardi Gras. It was rocking busy, but they had hired a doorman to maintain the flow of guests, and managed to get people in and out fluidly. I knew I wanted that pb-bacon but I knew how powerful of a food coma it can induce, having tried it quite a few times. And the bar tender, who was doing a great job serving tons of people, said I'd regret not having it. She was really attentive, and even went around refilling ketchup bottles, s&p, and napkins during service without being disruptive or missing a beat. Nevertheless, it really hit the spot on Fat Tuesday morning, and kept me partying strong till midnight. 
Go outside to the bathrooms out back and be mesmerized by the wall art in the men's room. 
It's a novel stop, that maintains its originality despite the proximity to the tourist epicenter of the city. This is really a 4.5/5, only because I've had a lot of food here, and if everything else was as banging as the burgers, then it would be totally kick ass. But I'm all about the ground beef, so keep pumping it!I popped into Yo Mama's for a burger over the weekend during another trip to NOLA.  A bartender from another restaurant in New Orleans suggested it.  She told me if I wanted a delicious burger to go to Yo Mama's.  I asked, "Better than Port of Call?"  She looked at me with a face that said, "Duh, bitch. If Port of Call was better I would have told you to go to Port of Call."  She was right.  Yo Mama's was great.  When we arrived there were about 20 people seated between the bar and the booths, we took the last booth.  The nice little curly haired, corset bound, pig-tailed bartender came over, said hello and took our orders.  Before I knew it, I had this back-yard styled, char-grilled piece of meaty-cheesy hangover cure in front of me.  It was fantastic.  Smelled and tasted like a gourmet chef came to my house and grilled some burgers for me.  I got the Cheddar Burger.  The shredded sharp cheddar pleased me greatly.  I opted for a side salad because the other option of the baked potato and in the land of too much, that would've been too damn much.
All was well until a group of asshole Falcon fans came in.  There is a whole other story here but it doesn't matter because the Saints won.  Karma, bitches.I eat here every time I'm in the quarter...it's a ton of food for not too much cash!  I've never been able to finish despite how tasty all the food is.  The hickory burger and loaded potato combo is my favorite.  Can be a bit loud at times but it's a small price to pay:)Pretty good burger place.  I'd heard so much talk about the peanut butter burger...tried it because it seemed like it'd be different.  It was okay.  I wasn't head over heels for it. The potato was pretty good.  The BBQ burger was better than the peanut butter burger to me.  I've been a few times.  I've always been during lunch....never at night because the line is always so long.Had the peanut butter and bacon burger and loved it!  They were out of Mac and Cheese and the service was so-so even though we sat at the bar and it was not very busy.First place we went to eat after checking into our hotel. awesome, cozy little dive bar with a fetishist/S&M vibe (chains and whips on the wall). We were in the upstairs area where you could eat which was a little cramped but it was all part of the charm. We got a gigantic "cup" of gumbo which was delicious, baked potatoes we're great, and chicken cordon bleu also thoroughly good. food brought out by the cooks themselves giving it a very homey feel. Servers were sassy, in a good way. Nice little gem of a place.I'm not really a burger person, but this place is worth a visit. The mac n' cheese was good but the stuffed baked potato was fantastic.  The portions are big and the prices are fairWe ate here on a recommendation from a friend. It was ok, not great. It's definitely a dive bar, but I'm ok with that. The food was decent, but not the best. The service is what brought the score down. We ate at the bar since there weren't any available tables, but no "hi" "how's it going" "can I help you" for several minutes. Once the bartender finally took our order, she never checked back in with us. Food came almost half an hour later, which is a pretty long time for a burger. Bartender didn't check in with us again until I asked for the check.  Unfortunately, her snottiness left me disappointed with my experience.I stopped by Yo Mama's Bar & Grill for a burger and the choices seemed endless.  I decided upon the Bull Fighter, which is a gigantic burger topped with half of an avocado, sliced fresh jalapenos and salsa.  I added cheddar cheese and bacon bits.  Those bacon bits were actually whole strips of bacon.  I opted for the side salad with bleu cheese dressing as opposed to the loaded baked potato. The presentation was worth two stars before I even took one bite. Still, this was an extreme eating experience.  The salad alone was sufficient and include a sliced tomato, sliced cucumbers and spring mixed lettuce.  The Bull Fighter is adequately named because you need a knife and fork to handle it appropriately... two hands just won't do because the bun just cannot contain all the ingredients.When this place is not so jammed that you cant get in it still features what I think is the best burger in the city. The thing Yo Mamma has over Port O Call is that they feature so many more options to get the birger you want. My favorite is the Roquefort Blue Cheese burger. This place is a must for any serious burger fan.We stopped in for a cold beer and a place to rest after walking around all day.  Jessica was our bartender and she was awesome.  It's a dive bar that ( from what we heard from guests) has awesome burgers.  I'd go back just for the cool vibe.  No frills, just a cool spotGet the peanut butter burger and a fully dressed bake potato. You can thank me later.Burger was seasoned well the sides were very good a definite quick eat option.Go here! Just do it.
I stumbled in here about 10 years ago, and it has turned into a must stop every time I go to NOLA.  Get the Peanut Butter Burger w/ Cheddar cheese, and then thank me later for your mouth-gasm.  Music from the juke box is loud, drinks are great, and bartenders are always sweet with the right amount of smartassedness.  I love this place!A great local dive bar with some stellar food. We were given this recommendation as a good place to grab a bite where locals frequent. We were treated to strong drinks and some really fantastic burgers. I had a burger with peanut butter and mozzarella  that was as big as my face. I have never tasted such a unique flavor combination. It was definitely one of the best burgers I have ever had. This place is a MUST for something off the beaten path.After seeing four stars we decided to pop in for a late night bite. Good beer and perfectly terrible burgers. Stale bun, salty, thin,poor quality beef, and weird bacon bits.  Seriously the worst burger I have ever had. Save your 14 bucks and just have a beer!burgers were pretty fat and tasty, reasonably affordable for the French Quarter. our drinks were good and not watered down. but the highlight was our bartender, Jessica. She was bursting with fun and friendly energy. she made really entertaining conversation with us all night. easy on the eyes too!I came here around 1pm on a Friday and they were very very busy. There is also only 2 tables and it wasn't very organized in terms of sitting us. The food took a while ~1 hour due to the lunch rush, but the burger was worth it. The mushroom burger was awesome and it seemed to melt in my mouth. They did get my side wrong, I wanted a baked potato but got a potato salad but the place was noisy so I understand the mistake. Overall great burger, I should probably go during an off hour!Very good place to eat highly recommend the peanut butter and bacon hamburger their drinks are very cheap me and my husband drink 4 amaretto and pineapples and it only cost $18 highly recommend place if you are down BourbonGet the peanut butter burger, I can't stress this enough. Yes, it sounds gross BUT it is one of the best burgers you'll ever have. I want to go back to NOLA just so I can have this burger!I became a regular in this place during my 5-day stay in New Orleans.  First off, the bar is kind of hole-in-the-wall, kind of seedy, which I have to admit I prefer.  There may have been a cockroach in the ladies room.  There may have been awesome music playing the whole time.  There MAY have been pictures of naked women in the men's room, which I would know because of aforementioned cockroach.
The all female bar staff (at least on the 3 nights I was there) are cool.  cool, like unaffected by you or your presence.  Just get up there and stare at them, they'll come eventually.  Once they warm up, you can tell they've got your back.  
The best part about this bar is the $5.50 hurricanes.  And they're good, not just kool aid or whatever the mix is.  I saw their famous burgers going by, and while I didn't have one, they looked damn good.  I did have the fully loaded baked potato, and it was seriously amazing.
It's a hole in the wall.  This isn't a tourist trap. It's run by real people with good food and the perfect drink.  If you're not too high maintenance, it'll make a great home away from home while in NOLA!
Love,
SeattleEvery time I'm in the city and craving a really awesome burger, Yo Mamma is the place I head to. In the half dozen plus times I've ventured into this bar & grill I've yet to summon up the courage to try the peanut butter burger (not sure that I ever will) but people rave about it. The burgers are big, juicy and tasty. Plus, you can't beat the baked potato. Beer is ice cold and fairly priced. Great spot for a laid back meal and a few beers right off Bourbon.Small place with awesome food well worth the wait. Peanut butter bacon burger, not a likely combo bit I get it everytime and it's awesome. Also they have a ton of TEQUILA.Amaaaazing burgers and loaded baked potatoes. Plus, it's haunted!! That's what the haunted bars app said, anyway, but we didn't see anything. The secret room upstairs was fun and the crowd was entertaining. Definitely go hungry.I retract my previous statement about not getting the peanut butter bacon burger again, it's all I've thought about when planning my trip.  Do it...do it!its not yo mammas no mo   but same cookin crew  big bad ass burgers  and the peanut butter burger   my fav!!!!  big baked tates with heaps o bacon   ...aaahhhh  dig in friendsPeanut Butter Burger that's all I have to say! Amazing! Must try!!! Fast service cold drink and friendly staff.We asked for a burger recommendation from our friendly Confederacy of Bike Tours guide and he pointed us here.
Everyone in our group thought the burgers were very good, though the best part was the loaded baked potato, which was fantastic.  Do not skip out on this potato.
One sidenote I would throw out there is this place is VERY loud.  I suppose one would come to expect that from a burger bar, but just be aware that the odds of you carrying on a conversation here are pretty low.
213/365their burger with p-nut butter ans bacon was the best burger I've ever had. The server suggested the addition of jalapenos - yes! I don't think I ever have another burger at home without at lest a smear of peanut butter. And the best part, open 'till 3am.It is what it is. This place makes a solid burger.
We had the blue cheese and the peanut butter with loaded bake potato and alligator sausage gumbo.
Meat is beefy, smoky, juicy and cook to exactly as we ordered (medium rare). Both are pretty much what we expected. The peanut butter works just fine, but they may have been a bit too generous, but hey, better more than you need than too little. Blue-cheese and bacon works like Laurel and Hardy, they may bicker and are different contrasts in taste, but you can't deny they compliment each other well.
The bake potato had real bacon, lots of shredded cheese, butter and sour cream. Hard to mess up on a baked potato though.
The alligator gumbo just sounds more exotic than it really is. The meat was a bit dry, and it could've used a bit more kick, but the flavor is there, and you can note the hints of onion, garlic, celery, among other spices.
There's so many places to try around 'Nawlins, but if you're in downtown and want a burger, it's a safe bet to head down to Yo-Mama's.We have local friend that were showing us around and what bars and restaurants to go to. We found ourseelfs away one night from them and truned on Yelp and found this gem. Yes we had to wait, buit it was worth it. Wife had the Peanut Butter Burger and I had the Blue Chese Burger. It took a little while for the order but worth every Minute of it. After our friends said that is a regular for them.Great bar without a lot of the fanfare and chaos of some of the other near by places.  
My review is for the Burger which was BIG but not the best I have ever had.  I tried the cheddar burger w/ Bacon and my buddy had the Chili Burger (We didn't have the guts to try the Bacon & Peanut Butter burger, but was tempted).  Minus 1 star because they had baked potatoes instead of fries, plus 1 star because the baked potato was actually surprisingly good, which I guess means they broke even on that one. 
I later heard that Port of Call was the best burger in New Orleans and I will def. check that out before getting burgers at Yo-Mamma's again. 
I did have a really nice time hanging out at the bar, listening to the jukebox, chatting with the bartender while having a beer & would go back for that if nothing else.Didn't even get inside, rudest "host" ever. Explained that I wanted to grab a beer while I waited and he acted like the gate keeper to the place. Couldn't even be bothered to talk to the guy, just kept repeating himself like a bearded undereducated misprogrammed robot. I award you no points, and great job hiring staff.I love this little hole in the wall bar, and the burgers are amazing!
I have tried the bacon mushroom burger and the peanut butter burger, the peanut butter burger wasn't my cup of tea but it wasn't bad either!Bailed out of the over crowded pat obriens walked across the street and had some good drinks and burger with Mac n cheese, music loud bar tenders energetic we will be back before we leave!Wow. The music is piercingly loud and the general atmosphere is uncomfortable. Forget being able to talk to those you are dining with. We are getting both our food and drinks to go...Food: 4 stars
Service: 3 stars (friendly)
Ambiance: 3 stars (it's good for a dive bar.. clean, has a couple of tables)
Overall: 4 stars
went here due to reviews on yelp and trip advisor.  The food at this place was pretty good.  We got the peanut butter burger... tasted great, but anyone can make this at home by slathering a bunch of PB and crumbled bacon on your homegrilled burger.  I got the salad with an 8oz tuna fillet.  This was surprisingly great and the fish very fresh.  The baked potatoe that came with the burger was definitely loaded and made the meal super duper filling. The food is great, but I'd probably go back only after i've gotten my fill of N'awlins gumbo and jambalaya.  Location was convenient.  And went there at 9ish pm coming right off the airplane, so we had our pick of tables and bar space.This place looks like a biker's bar, but dont let that intimidate you.  I like to go there to order the fully dressed peanut butter burger with bacon.  I also like to get the baked potato with that (with cheese, bacon, sour cream, and chives).Total dive. If you can look past that you will have the best burger of your life! Trust me when I tell you I know my burgers---I'm from  Chicago, and we take our burgers very seriously, and this place is no joke. 
Go there for lunch and get some bacon on that burger. It's diced and makes it all that much more amazing. They have peanut butter, cavier, blue cheese and and many more choices of burgers. DO NOT MISS if you are a burger lover!
Bon Appetite!!!I didnt believe the hype, but peanut butter bacon burger is one of the best things i have ever eaten. Theyre ridiculously large baked potatoes are incredible too. Any burger there is amazing. Wish i was there now.Dive Bar for a quick and easy bite to eat and drink. It was good but nothing to write home about.Yes the peanut butter hamburger is good...very good. Great charbroiled flavor.  Loved the local atmosphere. I didn't have too much of a wait at 6pm on at Saturday on a jazz festival weekend. Go, Go,Go!Blue cheese bacon burger was pretty damn good but the bun is crumbly which kinda sucks because the thing falls apart.  Great list of tequilas.  This is why you come here. 
The bartenders are mostly younger women with lots of ink and the one I spoke to was pretty cool.  They play old school R&B classics which I really liked.  Don't think I'd go back though with all the options there.So I'm use to the Asian seasoning type of crawfish where they use garlic and cajun seasoning after they boil. So this being my first time at a real authentic cajun crawfish boil, definitely exceeded my expectations. I actually didn't need butter to add to the flavor. Very yummy! 
Only downside was that when I ordered another pound and half, they said it'd be another 30 because the owner makes a new boil every so often and they run out often. So that sucks to have to wait.22 Jul 2014, 08:00p
While barhopping we polled the locals on some good non-tourist restaurants and this was one of a few that was recommended.  The restaurant is sort of non-existent, except for menus that are handed out at the bar or under the glass tabletop in the few booths in the back.  All they do are burgers here and no fries, either a baked potato, side salad, mac & cheese or potato salad as a side.
I went with the Bacon Burger w/Baked Potato and hubby got the Mushroom Burger w/Baked Potato.  All burgers are 1/2 pound patties and cooked to order.
Since the baked potato only comes with butter and chives, I was strategic in ordering the bacon knowing it was bits rather than strips so I could move some into my potato.  On a side note, I didn't have any chives on my potato.  The burger was cooked as ordered and it was tasty after having been drinking.  I liked the soft bun, but the patty started to fall apart as I neared finishing it.  The potato was well-cooked, but wasn't really fluffy on the inside.  Perhaps it was boiled and stored before being reheated and served.  Hubby enjoyed his burger as well and he devoured his potato, also.  Note, he tasted one chive in his potato, although he didn't see it.
Overall, this place gives a good value for the buck and the food is good.  Ambience is another story, but that should be expected as this is basically a bar that serves a full menu.  We had to endure loud music during our meal, but we were busy stuffing our faces, so that really wasn't of much concern.At the recommendation of a friend, I checked out Yo Mamas Bar & Grill while on business in New Orleans.  And what a joy it was.
I was told to try The peanut butter bacon burger which at first I was"WTF?", but curiosity got the best of me and I was not disappointed at all.  There's so many favors going on and they actually worked quite well.  
Melissa the bartender was a blast, she served great drinks, provided excellent service and made me feel welcome.  I will definitely stop in again the next time I find myself in the French QuarterI have to say I was pretty excited to go here. A friend and I were visiting from out of town and I found it on Yelp.
When we arrived, I was amazed at how small it was. There are literally 3 booth/tables and a long bar. Plan on a pretty long wait at peak times. We went on Saturday afternoon.
I went with the peanut butter+bacon burger that I read about on Yelp. That is not something I would normally order, which is exactly why I ordered it. "When in Rome"...right?
I have to say it was pretty good. The bacon was shredded and excellent quality. My only complaint was that there was too much peanut butter on it; and I love peanut butter. The side salad was very well-presented and they used "real" lettuce instead of iceberg.
I felt kind of sick for the next few hours. I would still go back, but wouldn't order the PB+bacon.Peanut butter bacon burger!!!! Need I say more? Sounds gross, but tastes like heaven. The pea it butter elevates the flavor of all the other ingredients. Don't be a wimp! Try that burger!Best burgers in the quarter. Burgers are juicy and well cooked. Salads are fresh and green. Bartenders are sassy and great to talk to.. Wonderful beer and tequila selection too!I'm so excited!  My husband and I were in NOLA two years ago with a group of friends and family, one afternoon we were all very hungover and stumbled upon Yo Mama's.  The bartended welcomed us and gave us each our own hangover remedy.  My husband had a regular beer, I had the most delicious margarita ever with amazing tequila.  But our friend was challenged by the bartended with the tequila of the day, a hot pepper infused tequila that "most men can't do", haha.  Well he did it and about 10 seconds later his head almost exploded, in a good way.  He has since then tried to replicated this treat many times, sadly with no success.  
When we were there the kitchen was closed for the day.  But the two of us are coming to NOLA for vacation soon, can't wait to try the burgers.  It is a dive, but usually those are the best places for food and fun.  So glad Erica is still there!So here's the deal...
First off I want to qualify my 4 stars. It would take an out of body experience for me to ever give 5 stars to a Bar & Grill. Maybe that sounds a bit snobbish, but think about all the fine dinning places out there and honestly compare to your best bar & grill. So with that said, Yo-Mama's Bar & Grill comes the closest to 5 stars that I think a B&G could. 
From the moment my friends and I sat down we had a good feeling about the place. We had had a long Saturday and weren't able to get down to dinner until 11:00pm, and yet the bartender/waiter immediately came over and engaged us like we were locals, suggesting the menu favorites as well as answering any questions we had.
The menu is creative within their means, as it is mostly hamburgers and evolutions on the hamburger. But believe me, the hamburger does not miss the mark. I guess my friends and I were feeling adventurous, because I went forward with the peanut butter bacon burger while my buddy and his girlfriend worked on the pizza burger. While I admit the peanut butter bacon burger is a uniquely Southern food, I may never eat a hamburger without peanut butter again. It was soooooooooo delicious! 
The down side to this establishment was a lack of tables. We sat on a lounge couch and used a coffee table as our table. My friend's girlfriend also had a small issue with the lack of variety on the menu. If you don't like hamburgers, you probably should look for something else. 
Luckily I love hamburgers and I loved this place!This place was absolutely amazing.   Fabulous food,  great drinks and a fun atmosphere.   Our server Brie was awesome.  It is simple, burgers, but they are done so amazing. 
If you are looking for some simple but great this is the place.A must visit. Great food and super drinks- don't bring your grandmaw... Interesting decor in the male/female bathrooms, but hey- it's new Orleans.3am? On or near Bourbon street? Had a few Hand Grenades?? I thought so. Then you NEED to CHECK THIS PLACE OUT NOW!!! Small little hole in the wall place off bourbon street with a wait at 3am is a good sign. We waited outside for a table so we could get our grub on. Once we sat down I started jamming out with the great music they had playing here. It made me feel good inside kinda like I knew the massive burger I was about to eat would too. We ordered beers (we shouldn't have) and then I believe I ordered the bull fighter?? not positive though because I was Tipsy. When the food came out I was a little overwhelmed. The burger was pretty damn big and the baker on the side was a meal in itself. I ate what I could but it wasn't much considering it was so late and I was full of hand grenades. I want to check this place out again next time I am in New Orleans :)Quaint little dive by that we found when looking for a burger! Burgers come with baked potatoes.. Odd but tasty! I had the basic cheddar, bf had bacon and cheddar. Opt out of the mayo or get it on the side... Way too much. Burger was cooked perfectly.. Rarely do I actually get a medium burger when I order it. Covered in cheese and very tasty! I should have gotten the 1/4lb size though as I ended up taking my leftovers to give to a homeless person!My lunch companion and I came to Yo Mama's Bar & Grill on the recommendation that their Peanut Butter Burger was something to try.  We ate at the counter (there were only a few tables in this dive bar) and our server/bartender was cool and attentive.  We arrived at a good time as the place got more crowded and there was a small wait.  
We ordered the Peanut Butter Burger and the Texas BBQ Burger with cheese and shared the two burgers.  Both burgers were ordered medium cooked.
The Peanut Butter Burger was definitely a novelty and it was an intriguing blend of peanut butter and hamburger meat that tasted quite delicious.  However, about 1/3 of the way through my 1/2 of the PB burger, I became a bit overwhelmed with both the texture and taste of the thick peanut butter.  Thank goodness I didn't have to eat the whole burger!  The burger meat was perfectly done medium which translated into a juicy burger.  
The Texas BBQ Burger was my favorite of the two.  Most BBQ sauces I find are tangy and more on the sweet side.  *This* BBQ Burger's sauce was on the smokey side, which I absolutely love but don't get too often.  This burger was also perfectly done medium and was juicy as well, which allowed me to enjoy the smokey bbq flavor even more.  
I'd definitely visit this joint again, but one PB burger was enough for me.  I'd order the BBQ burger again and try another of their unique burgers.I have been wanting to try out this place for the past few months to see what the crave was about with this peanut butter burger. it was pretty disappointing. The location of the place is downtown so of course it was street parking, which was pretty hard to find. The place was divey and a bit dark. I could barely see whats in my burger or on my food.  The service was ok. Nothing to outstanding. The food was not up to the hype that I've heard. We ordered the boudin ball which was too salty. The peanut butter sandwich was way too greasy and couldn't really taste the peanut butter. Sorry, yo mama, but I won't be returning.Wow this place looked like a hole in the wall but, it was the best burger I have ever had. Good atmosphere and definitely a place to check out when in New Orleans!After hearing these were the best burgers in the city, we decided to try it.  The staff is very friendly, but seemed pretty overwhelmed.  The wait was long to place an order and to get the burgers.  I'd say we were there for about 30 minutes before our order was taken and about another 30 for it to arrive.  
The burgers were good, I got the peanut butter, better than I expected.  We also tried the philly and the Romonoff (sour cream & caviar).  All were well prepared and tasty.  Sides were good too.  I had salad to help reduce the decadence.  But overall, I wouldn't say this is the best burger in the city.  Personally I think that honor still goes to Buffa's.  But if you're in the quarter and craving a burger, stop by and be adventurous.