This place was the perfect spot to eat while in New Orleans for work.  The service was fast and friendly and was able to accommodate to our larger group size.  The beef tongue was unreal and so tender which is not how a lot of places serve it.  We also had lots and lots of salmon belly which was superb.  The seaweed salad tasted super fresh and perfectly seasoned.  And lets not forget the delicious tuna.  I definitely recommend going here for some really good Japanese food.I'd spent the day travelling with only free candy from Delta airlines to sustain me so I needed something to soothe my soul and settle my stomach. I ordered the tofu ramen here and it was great - the broth wasn't too salty and was full of flavour. Mildly spicy. Just what the doctor ordered. Very cool selection of Japanese spirits on offer here too. 
I also liked the vibe of the place. I liked the anime playing on a projector over the bar. I liked the staff. I liked the ultra cool playlist. I liked the trashy decor in the bathrooms. 
Recommended.I hope you guys don't think I'm an easy judge with the amount of 5 star reviews, but anyhow
Midnight on a Monday, this place was open, servicing delicious authentic japanese dishes with a Blues Band rocking.   Holy S h i t -- gotta love new orleans....and this place.Went there for dinner with a group. I'm leaving a positive review because the food was great and our server was attentive. With that said this is definitely more of a bar than a restaurant. Be warned there are only 4 or 5 tables in the whole restaurant so it's really difficult to get a seat for dinner. They don't keep a list so no reservations or call-ahead. You have to stand by and grab a table when a party is leaving which can get awkward.Wandering around Frenchmen last night after a couple of cocktails at Marigny Brasserie, saw that Yuki was open and just had to go in because I have either had other plans or it hasn't been open when I have been down here lately. I am so glad the stars aligned at last. Amazing sake selection, small but satisfying tapas-like plates, and very cool, cozy atmosphere. A friend and I shared the edamame and the spicy tuna and a bottle of my favorite girly drink, Hana Awaka.
We were the only guests at the time, which made it a little awkward leaving just as the guitar player sat down for his solo gig. Hope he didn't take it personally, I would have loved to stay all evening and try more of the bartender's suggestions.
Important note!!! Cash only. And for once in my life I was prepared.With all the amazing music venues on Frenchmen street, I was a little caught off guard walking by Yuki Izikaya...
Oh when the saints -
OH WHEN THE SAINTS!
Go mah-ching in -
GO MARCHING IN!
Oh when the saints go mah-ching innnnn...
I was drawn in by the pure enthusiasm of the crowd, singing along with two little Japanese gals up front.  One girls' hands dancing up and down a keyboard, the other with the mic.  And the entire place - less a few timid souls - were up singing and dancing along.
There was a cool little side room, nice for small groups, a surprising sake selection displayed behind the bar, Japanese tv playing on a screen, and a legit looking menu.
The bartender looked like she wanted to go home, which is understandable since we went on a little past closing..  Still, it seems rare these days to come across an unhappy bartender.  No matter, this will still likely be a stop the next time I'm in town.Ok. I honestly found this place by googling real ramen in LA. I was stationed in Japan for two years and have gone back the past two years to visit fiancé and daughter in Hokkaido. After living in Japan I became very picky. Most Japanese  restaurants aren't real Japanese. This place is the real deal. The atmosphere and the food. I've seen some say it's too small and loud. Some items are a bit pricey. But all together given the authenticity it's all very much worth it. Even my take out ramen was still delicious 30 mins later when I got home.  Yukiko san has a hidden gem here. I will def be coming back to experience more of the food and ambience asap. Brave the crowds of the French quarter, give the close quarters of this lovely place a chance. ありがとう、ゆきこさん!!!I was walking on Frenchmen Street when I heard accordians playing from within Yuki.  It reminded me of France so I headed on in.  Yuki consists of a bar and just a few tables.  Very chill, very laid back environment which is a little bit of a rarity on the very lively Frenchmen Street.  Despite the small size of the bar, a couple got up and danced very well.  I can't comment on the food but there is an impressive list of sake and sake based cocktails.  I'm going to check it again the next time I am on Frenchman Street.Yuki's is my favorite joint in town!! The staff is always super friendly, even when it's packed on weekend nights. They have a great selection of sake, including fruit-infused sake, and amazing Japanese food (the real stuff, not fake sushi rolls). Since it's more of a bar than a restaurant, don't expect stellar table service. It's a low-key, laid-back, semi-divey place, not somewhere you'd go for a fancy sit-down meal. So just relax, listen to some catchy live music, and enjoy whatever kitschy Japanese film is playing on the overhead projector.Walking around the quarter and my girlfriend recommended that we go and have a few drinks here. It's located right on Frenchman St. The atmosphere as you walk in is like another world. It looks so Japan! Love it.
They have small plates/ tapa style dishes on their menu. But what I love about this place is the extensive sake and shochu menu! They also have a little live band that plays. The place is small but there's a warm feel to it. It's open late nights.My ex and I stumbled into this place during our street drinking Saturday afternoon. Coming from New York and quickly overwhelmed with Cajun food after few weeks, a part of living in NOLA(4 months, in the summer of 2008) was to hit every Japanese restaurant in town. No place was subpar with places in NY, except Yuki. 
Those who are familiar with Kenka and Decibel, Yuki is a perfect mixture of the two in this jazzy town. It wasn't all crowded... after all people don't go to NOLA to east Japanese, but it was extremely comforting to be able to speak to Japanese stuff and other Japanese people(aspiring Jazz musician from Kyoto my hometown) while tasting Sake and otsumami. Straight up. Hard to go wrong among very low standard of Japanese in Big Easy. If I lived there I'd probably be going there once a week, just to chilax even with all the great bars and restaurants in town.Yuki is a tavern.  It is not a restaurant.  If you treat it like a tavern rather than your favorite place to dine, you'll be satisfied; however, if you come expecting prompt service on food you're going to have a bad time.
Now that that's out of the way let's talk food. Yuki is the most "authentic" Japanese dining experience that I've ever had.  I say authentic, but what I mean is that it's unique.  I've never seen most of the dishes on Yuki's menu anywhere else.  Their Ramen is my favorite in New Orleans. I would absolutely recommend the Chashu Ramen, Curry Ramen, and Kimchi Ramen.  Each offers a rich flavor with fantastic depth.  The Ramen is also very filling. I have never left Yuki with any space left in my stomach.  
I would be remiss if I didn't mention the atmosphere at Yuki.  The interior is a jazzy, funky, assortment of Japanese art and decor all barely lit.  Also, Yuki is likely the luckiest place to be in New Orleans given that they have at least 50 of those golden lucky cats waving at your from above the bar.  The atmosphere isn't just visual.  Yuki is on Frenchmen street and like most Frenchmen street locations you can nearly always find a band playing. My favorite is an older gentlemen who plays the accordion and sings. It's just beautiful and it matches the vibe so well.  
Overall, Yuki is absolutely an experience that any local or visitor should have, but if you come on a Friday or Saturday night you're going to have a hard time finding a seat or getting food as it turns almost purely into a bar at that point.  But if you get the food, enjoy because you won't find much better!Although the band was pretty good, this bar was dirty and the food was mediocre at best. Japanese in NOLA is admittedly a stretch; if recommend that you skip it.If this izakaya was in New York or Los Angeles I'd probably be giving it one star but considering it's the only option in New Orleans I guess I'll give them another star for trying.  
We got the takoyaki, sauteed mushrooms, pork curry and kaarage.  The octopus in the takoyaki was overcooked and chewy.  The sauteed mushrooms were absolutely nothing special (I've had sauteed shitaake mushrooms that tasted exactly like perfectly cooked scallops).  The pork curry tasted like they  just use those cubes that you get at a Japanese market and the kaarage was greasy and just not very good.  
They only have 3-4 options for yakatori and they're all completely uninteresting.  Give me some quail egg, pork belly, tongue, heart, squid, meatball and bacon-asparagus skewers please!  Though with only 3-4 options I doubt they have a proper yakatori grill.  
The service was actually good for an izakaya joint but they're not supposed to have fast service. You're supposed sit in an izakaya for hours, getting drunk and having a small plate once every twenty minutes or so. 
Overall, Yuki was completely uninteresting and disappointing.Paid forty seven dollars for three small to go orders. Its been one hour and ten minutes of waiting. In the meantime the barkeep/waitress has asked and double checked my order three times with a concerned look on her face. The third time she asked if I wanted a drink. I ordered abita amber. 6.50 she asked for. Maybe they kept me waiting so long to buy a few triple priced drinks. Twenty minutes later. Got food. Appetizers were surprisingly small despite the price tag. The strange soup with egg in it was surprisingly good though. 
.I love this place. It make me feel like I'm in an old Japanese sushi restaurant in Japan. Plus, the food is also very goodThe space is extremly tight for dinner. The dishes were served really slowly. Besides, they didn't put any salt in my friend's udon.Would've gave 5 stars if I ate. I ordered a miso soup, sat and listened to Jazz. Not a bad combo on my last night in NOLA, definitely recommended for those who want some Japanese and Jazz lol!
Authentic Japanese food. The green tea was not a tea bag, good stuff!We strolled in here around 1am - the sounds of Latin beats allured us in, and unbeknownst to us, it was a Japanese resto. After dancing up a storm, we got the munchies and ordered of the menu - a full menu, at that. Go with the pork curry over a bed of rice, the fries with wasabi mayo. Damn, them fries were good. They were just like Ore-Ida fries, but at 2am with some kickin' mayo - it's money.Ended up here on New Years Eve after Three Muses fell through and this seemed to be the best option on Frenchmen while waiting for a show at Snug Harbor (which was full for dinner).  The space at Yuki is incredibly small but thankfully they had one 4-top available and I have to say I'm not fully knowledgable on authentic Japanese food but I've been to a number of good places across the country and dined with friends who lived in Japan and from what I know this place appears pretty authentic.  Tons of sake options on the menu and some nice cocktails as well as a full bar.  In terms of food, the hits at my table with great flavor included the Wasabi Shumai, Spicy Tuna Tataki, and Ramen with pork belly and a nicely cooked egg.  The table didn't appreciate the grilled Yellowtail Neck yakitori but I thought it was quite good if you don't mind picking out the meat and dipping in the provided sauce.  The Onigiri rice balls in seaweed with a tiny little dollop of plum were the table's least favorite with virtually no flavor.  Karaage fried chicken was also disappointing as were the curry French fries which were previously frozen crinkle cut fries with a somewhat flavorless curry spooned on top.
It's a cute but TINY space - I can't even imagine how crowded this place must get when there's live music.  I can't say it's the best food I've ever had but there were some definite stars and I like that there are some fusion flavors across the menu along with dishes that appear to be more traditional Japanese items.  The theme is "small plates" but honestly I was surprised at how large some of the portions were for a fairly reasonable price.  Four of us dined for $110 including a round of drinks and left very full.  Can't argue too much with that.We were walking around Frenchman St looking for another jazz bar after just visited the Spotted Cat.  We passed by Yuki and this guy was doing an amazing vocal - and I was uncontrollably drawn into this place.  
Live jazz at a Japanese izakaya place? Sure why not...
Ended up getting a few drinks and some snacks, all were pretty good.  There was a guy singing with his guitarist and he was amazing!!! In terms of just vocal, i have to say he was even better than what I heard at The Spotted Cat (and that's saying a lot!) the setting is very intimate and we had a great time. 
Do check this place out!On a Thursday night in August (off season) it took an hour for someone to come take our order. They never asked if we wanted a drink while we waited. Food took a long time to come out and it was just appetizers. The food was not special or interesting or set apart in any way. If the service had been better maybe the food would have been worth it but this was a huge waste of my time and money.I have mixed emotions about Yuki. Most of the time the music blows BUT they project cool Anime on the walls and it feels lounge(y). The service usually sucks BUT it's on Frenchmen and the decor is easy on the eyes. Sometimes the food is great BUT other times the same dish will be terrible. It's really hit or miss on this one. However, they do have an extensive saki list, a few creative cocktails and a cool vibe, provided the music is not sucking. Bottom line: I'd be more drawn to Yuki if they could keep everything consistent, especially the food!After bouncing around a few bars on Frenchman, we noticed a guy eating some ramen on the corner, and despite already having a good meal once tonight, there is never a bad time for ramen so we inquired where he got it. He pointed at Yuki, which was right across the street. 
After another bar outing, I was finally able to squelch my ramen craving with grabbing a bowl to go. I just went with the basic ramen on the menu, and it was delicious. It came with a thick slice of pork belly and the broth was rich and flavorful, along with half a hard boiled egg. It definitely fulfilled my ramen craving. 
The place itself is pretty cool, a dimly lit bar with what seems to be a very enticing Izakaya menu. If the ramen was any indication, the rest of the food is probably worth trying, so I will have to leave that for the next New Orleans trip.Wow. Wow. Wow. I decided to try this little gem with a local on a recent visit to New Orleans and I'm so glad I did!
Summary of my experience:
- Great selection of beers (I'm a huge beer nerd and they have some real gems here)
- Great selection of sake
- The octopus balls are incredible... a must!! (no jokes, please!)
- Absolutely mouth-watering seared tuna!!
- Delicious udon noodle soup that rivals most that I have here in San Francisco.
They have a great world music DJ on the weekends and the atmosphere is dim and sexy. Great date spot! Will return when I'm back in town.Absolutely Fantastic! 
My wife and I ate here on my birthday and we were both greatly impressed. We had the Tuna Tataki , Nattō with Tuna , and Hampen with Lemon Butter. All were amazing. 
Yes , it is a bit expensive , but you get what you pay for , and in this case it is well worth the price. Yuki is now my favorite Asian restaurant in the city.After all the rave reviews on yelp, we decided to check this place out during our visit to NOLA. I wanted to like this place, I really did. We must have went too early because the atmosphere and music that everyone raved about was obviously not happening. Much to my later regret, we decided to stay. When we started to list off things we wanted to order, they were out of most of them, which was surprising and disappointing considering they were out of some izakaya staples like grilled chicken skewers and karaage and it was only 6:30pm! To be honest, I can't even remember what else they were out of, but I do remember thinking "how could they be out of so many things already?" We ordered a few third and fourth choice items. During our meal, our waitress frequently and prematurely attempted to clean our plates even though it was evident that we were still eating. This happened like 3-4 times. 
Cut to the main reason why I would give this place no stars if I could....
After our meal, I was standing in the bar area waiting for my bf to use the restroom when our waitress came up to me and asked me if there was a problem with the service. I didn't know where this was coming from but said "no, why" (even though I should have mentioned the fore mentioned instances). She then had the audacity to say "oh I was wondering because of your tip." 
*Our bill came to approx. $65. Even though the service was not stellar, I gave a 15% tip (about $9) which was more than generous considering the service we got*
At that point I was beyond livid and had never been so offended at a restaurant. After some back and forth, I still could not believe she was still questioning my tip amount. She said that she thought 18% was customary. 
When we spoke to the owner, she apologized and said the server was new, but then said that the server told her we gave less than 10%! 
It wasn't until shortly after that we realized that the server must have mistook the written $9 as $4.  If only she took the time to look at the final total before questioning customers. I am left with a horrible memory of this place and it ended up being the single most upsetting dining experience I have ever had.I absolutely love this place. I visited Japan last year and had been craving legit ramen so I was so excited to find that this place has great ramen! They also have a wasabi octopus dish we were served in Japan and it's made fresh and tastes delicious here. Definitely a great place for Japanese food!!Yuki,
I love you man but I've got to give you props as I call it, I cant cheat and give you more stars just because, it would be unethical on my part as a reviewer.
Ok here goes.
Parking around the Frenchmen area on the weekends can be a bitch because it's so crowded and the parking lots nearby for what they charge is a fuckin joke.  $10 to park in the parking lots nearby but if you want a well lighted area to park your car and walk to the clubs and bars close by then this is your best bet.  Otherwise, wing it, come early if you can and maybe you might find some good parking spots along the narrow streets.
Yuki's is located adjacent to what was Cafe Brasil, I am not sure if Cafe Brasil is open anymore but Yuki's is.
In our group we had the Hitachino Nest Beer white ale, which was great.  A strawberry saketini,  lynchee martini....she definitely was not stingy with the alcohol because that sucker was definitely not no girly sweet drink.  Pretty strong because the person who had it said it was pretty strong...ahahaha.
We ordered some bar food.  The fries with wasabi mayonaise.  BBQ eel, and the deep fried tofu.  
The staff was a bit harried because they were short handed but they manage to get to everyone.
When we came there was barely anyone but then when we left, it was pretty packed.  Since the DJ was playing music pretty loud and it was spilling out onto the streets, the crowd was making their way to the bar because of the music.  
DJ was spinning latin/reggae music.  I was enjoying myself but my buddies wanted to go dance so we rolled out.
I know that the place is still new and has some tweaking to do as any new place does and after that, we can change the star rating.
As for the bar atmosphere, pretty cool joint with all the old Japanese posters and the japanese sub-titled movies playing.  The bathrooms are kicks because they are filled with some x-rated japanese postcards, stickers and posters.  Wild! I loved it.
They do have beer on draft, domestic and international, wine, full bar and an excellent collection of sake.  Come for the interesting menu, try the sweet potato cakes.  Yums!!!!  You can find sashimi and your usual seaweed salad on here, but make sure to ask about other items that local japanese restaurants do not have.Oh, how I love thee, Yuki. Nearly everything I've ordered from there is amazing, but let me make it easy for you to decide. Onigiri Ume (rice balls with plum paste), Tuna salad (plentiful chunks of tuna with onion and some heavenly dressing), and either the Kimchee Ramen or Curry Ramen. Both are perfection. 
I come here or order out roughly once a week, and it's always been great. Y'all need to know, though, that this is still a bar, with a bar-like atmosphere. 
Sometimes it's loud, sometimes service can get pretty slow, but the staff is consistently so nice and has never gotten my order wrong before. Patience! Enjoy the music! It's worth it. 
I like to sit at the bar so my friends and I can watch the Japanese films they play on the wall, trying to figure out what they're saying. Pair all of this with a hot sake and the live music, and it's a great time. 
Oh! No surprises, there is a 50 cent surcharge on whatever you order while music is playing. I think it's so they can avoid enforcing a cover charge. Don't let that sneak up on you when you get the bill though, it's no biggie! The musicians totally deserve it. 
I recommend going on Mondays or Thursdays for the music, always super fun.So it was our 2 year anniversary night. We both had work and couldn't get home til ~ 7:30. That means a really fancy dinner where we would have time to get ready was out of the question, especially since we were super tired. Spur of the moment decision led us to Yuki, since all our friends had been and kept saying how much we would enjoy the place. Mustered all my energy to get out the door at 8 pm, still in scrubs, to cross the river and go down to Frenchmen. 
We parked easily and since it was a Tuesday night, parking was about half a block away. We walk in and the only table open was the one with the really short table right by the door. We ordered drinks, I had the lychee martini and he had honeydew sake. Both were good. The lychee martini tasted like any other good lychee martini but the honeydew sake was delicious, cold, and refreshing (but I think it was cantaloupe, a sister fruit in the family of melons, so it's okay if it was a misjudgement on the fruit type). Luckily, another table in the side room became available right when the band was setting up. We moved over, and it was the beginning to one of the best, relaxing experiences we've ever had in Nola, ever (and yes, we live here). 
My boyfriend loves live music. Perfect, because I love good food, especially good Asian food.
What we ordered:
1. Octopus dumplings (The most delicious thing we ordered that night!! This is a must try for any one who would come here. It is delicous!! So flavorful! Also my boyfriend's favorite dish of the night, and we usually differ when judging, because he's more of a carnivorous type where I'm more of an herbivore)
2. Fried tofu  (This was okay. Tasted like fried tofu from anywhere with a bit of ponzu sauce or something. A little chewier than other places, but still good. only came with a few pieces though, but I guess that's right since it's bar food.)
3. Curry fries (I love french fries. Of all types. So yeah, I liked these fries. Just tasted like they poured regular curry on it. It's a pretty thick curry so it's not runny or anything. Pretty good, but not something I'd order again)
4. Kim Chee Ramen Noodles (I added an egg to give it something extra. To me, it lacked flavor. It was good, but not anything memorable whatsoever. Mama noodles are more tasty... my boyfriend didn't care for this dish because it had no meat at all. Maybe we will try something with meat next time....)
5. Fried chicken - ehhhh I really can't even tell you much about this because I don't remember anything special at all. I think it was like, regular fried chicken wings.... I wouldn't order this again....
I absolutely loved this place! This place is extremely small.... However, with the atmosphere, after a few drinks, it seemed like you were all alone just relaxing with the one you're with, enjoying food, music, and their company. Perfect.Really like the casual atmosphere, the Lychee Martini and the Vegetarian potstickers. Also, the polish folk band with harp that plays in the corner of this Pop Japanese restaurant is very coolWaited for 10 mins to be greeted. I even changed seats hoping to be noticed. No dice. I used the restroom (which was gross) & bailed. Huge disappointment. BooIt is kind of cozy, in a way that the rest of what I saw of New Orleans was not. Not that the rest of what I saw was bad (it wasn't!), just that this was strikingly different in a nice way. Good food, good shochu, good music, good service. Very relaxing.One of my favorite places on new orleans. Great place for a date. We have gone there for many many date nights. The green lagoon cocktail is amazing.the atmosphere is great.I came down for a job interview and Yuki Izakaya was the first place I had dinner in NOLA. As someone who has lived in Japan and been to many izakayas, this place is pretty authentic. Yuki-San was nice and helped me impress my soon to be boss as I spoke to her in Japanese. The food...oh the food was amazing. Really fresh & AUTHENTIC - I will be back.This isn't one of my must-drop-in spots on Frenchmen Street, but you will find me here from time to time. The variety of stuff they have going on has always amused me. Sometimes I feel like I've been transported to France, listening to some very accordion-heavy quartet; other times I am slightly overwhelmed by the too-loud DJ playing whatever the kids are listening to these days at eardrum shattering volume.
Yuki is an interesting little place, and I hope it continues to do...whatever it is they seem to be doing...for years to come. My favorite things about Yuki are definitely the fried lotus root chips (super tasty, if a bit salty) and the fact that they're often showing a Miyazaki film (that is, projecting it onto a brick wall) when I'm there.poor quality fish.. The tuna was super bad looking, yellowtail and salmon not so great either.. Stick to the cooked food. Dumplings were ok but over priced and underwhelming mehI was really impressed by the menu at Yuki! It was the most descriptive menu I've ever seen that I didn't even have to ask what the items were. Big selection of tapas - we ordered the hampen with lemon butter, cucumber salad, and takoyaki (octopus in a ball-shaped flour) - and a big selection of alcohol, including schochu, sake, and wines (as well as some delicious-sounding cocktails!). This place is more of a Japanese street food restaurant/bar than a sushi house.
We also had kitsune udon and curry ramen, which were simple and tasty, with the house plum wine. (I only remember all of this because I'm reading off the the receipt!) I really liked the plum wine, a deep magenta color, although it is on the sweet side. All of the appetizers/tapas we had were delicious, and I think for all of it, it was decently priced. There was a $0.50 fee for every item you order, called a "Live Music" surcharge, which is stated discreetly behind the bar.
Besides the great selection of food, I would definitely come here again for the atmosphere. It seemed like an authentic "Tokyoite" kind of place - cramped seating, small space, but still felt relaxing and not like I was forced to finish my meal quickly. Even the location feels tucked away although it is right in the middle of Frenchmen Street. Certainly a different vibe from the rest of the bars on the street. There is a projector showing old Japanese films and, on the night we dined in, a French band playing. Our server was very polite and seemed to be able to take care of all the tables efficiently.
I would recommend if you want to try something a little different in Nola!We stumbled upon this little place for after dinner drinks.. (ate at Adolfo's).  I got the Watermelon infused sake, which was surprisingly nice (I'm NOT a sake drinker..but this was yummy!)  There was a live music (girl playing guitar) who was decent.  Our friend order an udon soup and it looked pretty good.  I would definitely come back for some new tasty beverages!  (word of caution..the bathroom has a blacklight and makes your visit to the restroom pretty trippy!)Several items we ordered were not available tonight.  The udon noodle soup was fine, unremarkable.  Same for the octopus dumplings and panko breaded shrimp and fried tofu.  My family liked the yakatori chicken but I thought it was seriously bland and greasy.  I really enjoyed the Hitachino White Ale  but found the Hitachino Red Rice Ale to quirky for my taste.  My wife enjoyed the sake mojito and all of us thought the peppered fries with wasabi mayo were tasty.  So, all in all, not a disaster but not a place we'll go back to.I had an amazing experience at this place. 
It is a Japanese bar, that serves amazing food, and they were playing South American cumbias while I was there!
PRICELESS!
 I was looking for late night food and a local recommend me this place. AWESOME seafood, fresh as you can get!
The octopus was my favorite. The bartender-waitress was very friendly.
Fun art on the bathroom walls made out of erotic Japanese comics....
Next time I'll visit i would go back. I recommend this non-pretentious but amazing place to anyone hungry and thirsty!
thanks Yuki!Okay... so I give this place four stars mainly because it has some amazing sparkling sake. It was delicious! And had I not had to go to work, I'm sure me and my friend would have been able to put away quite a few more bottles of it.
It's a cute little... and I do stress the word little... Japanese spot on Frenchmen.
The food isn't life-changing. It's not like they are re-inventing the wheel here. It's more like Asian comfort food. 
Hot bowls of ramen with braised pork. Bowls of curried chicken. And some sort of double fried mashed potates.
Yummy for the tummy... and the soul.i never expected this spot to feel so authentically funky.  with sumo wrestling projected on the exposed brick wall, what seemed to be 100,000 maneki-nekos running along the ceiling, and a friendly bartender/server who resembled an anime character, dressed in all black with turquoise pigtails, Yuki Izakaya felt so right.  Omgosh and the udon noodles were just so yummy! Slurp slurp slurp - my friend and I drunk our bowls right up!I heard rave reviews of this place from a friend and was looking forward to a visit. To be fair, it was a crowded night a few days before the Sugar Bowl. The atmosphere is divey, the music far too loud, and the table arrangements crowded. The beer prices were fair and the waitstaff a good balance of attentive and hands-off. I had bites of several small plates and all were yummy but had been picked by a veteran patron... I'm not sure these would have been my go-to orders and, thus, have a hard time knowing if I was tasting consistent quality or the menu highlights. The biggest downside here is the seating: uncomfortable, cramped, and boisterous. We were a larger party (6) and I could see that our talking (loudly to overcome the poor acoustics and too-loud music) was highly annoying for the coupled tables around us. I felt bad but had no choice but to continue shouting to communicate. One couple was basically seated in our lap and we were lucky they were so genial.  I walked away feeling neutral about this place. Next time I'm in NOLA, I could be persuaded to return because I think I hit it on an off night but only if we sat at the bar and the trombone band doesn't join us.After a lovely dinner in our VRBO rental place, we checked this place out and ordered the lychee sake tini and French fries and KIRIN on tap. It was really good. They also had a musician playing gothic/ classical/ alternative music with a cielo. Pretty impressive!!!
They do not have cover charge but if there is a performer there is a surcharge of $0.50 for every item you order. It does not matter right? This place is pretty chill. They do offer other small plates but we were too full to order.
Will definitely check this place again when we visit again.I really enjoy visiting Yuki on Frenchman Street. It's tiny, intimate, and unique. The food is pretty good and the bar is awesome. On busy nights you'll walk in with a DJ in the corner and a retro kung-fu movie being projected onto the brick wall behind the bar. Yuki is A-okay in my book :)When I came across this place in my search for great restaurants in New Orleans, I was really quite excited. The Marigny district is my favorite neighborhood, and I love Japanese food. I was also looking to balance out my trip with a few places that weren't your standard New Orleans jazz place. Nothing against these (I love them, too), but I just needed a change of pace to make sure I was enjoying everything there was to offer in the region. 
Admittedly, a bit selfishly, I was immediately thrilled with the setting when I entered the restaurant, because it felt a bit like home (New York). It was dark and unpretentious, and even a bit quirky with the gold waving cat statues lining a wall behind the bar and an old Japanese film projected onto the wall. As I sat down and looked around the room, I found a little nook with an obstructed view, thanks to a beaded wall, on my right. What a perfect place for a date. Not a first date. Save it for someone you actually think is cool. 
The menu was dropped off on our table by a friendly, but not overly conversational waitress, presenting authentic Japanese cuisine on a crinkled (loved?) sheet of paper. Menu items ranged from small plates of fish, chicken, pork, and beef, as well as noodle dishes, and a few Japanese staples. I ended up ordering the shumai and ramen with pork. My dinner partner ordered the seaweed salad and chicken skewers. 
For the record, I had been craving ramen for quite some time. So my anticipation for this dish was quite high at the moment. I was delighted when the piping hot bowl of noodles, pork, and egg was delivered to my plate. The broth was expertly balanced, and the noodles were of the perfect consistency. The fatty pork added a delicious dose of protein needed to flesh out the dish. I rarely finish an entire bowl of ramen, but this dish was clearly an exception. 
Everything else on the table was able to hold its own, as well. The chicken from the skewers was moist and well-seasoned, presented in a smart and tangy sauce that left you craving more. Literally. A second helping was almost a necessity in order to get enough of these flavors. 
By the end of the evening, a bit of that New Orleans jazz managed to creep inside, but in keeping true to the quirky nature of the restaurant, it wasn't your typical set up that you would find at some of the other places lining Frenchmen Street. A sultry singer with a baritone in hand filled the dark bar with haunting sounds of New Orleans' lesser known jazz exports. Just like the flavors in my bowl of ramen, the music balanced perfectly with the atmosphere in this Japanese hideaway.Best and most unexpected music find during a trip to NOLA. This was not my first time in New Orleans, but it was my first time checking out Frenchman Street. This was the first spot I ducked into and a perfect introduction to the uniqueness of this part of the city. The two Japanese house band girls are AMAZING (the singer and the keyboard/piano player) - musically and in the way that they charm and amp up the crowd. 
The drinks were great. I always go straight sake, but this was my first foray into the sake cocktails. I had the Red Hot (like the candy) and a lychee sake. I preferred the cinnamon of the Red Hot over the syrupy sweetness of the lychee, but both were good. I didn't get a chance to order food, but everyone around me was going to town on tempura and noodles. 
It's a tiny place, but well worth the squeeze. Also, random note, check out the wallpaper in the bathrooms - no spoiler here, you'll have to just see it for yourself. :)Where else can you eat great food, listen to live music and watch a subtitled psycho-sexual Japanese docudrama all within a few feet of some of NOLA's hottest Jazz clubs?
Pork belly and Ramen soup was extraordinary, with or without the egg. The grilled yellowtail collar, or neck, was fabulous.
The unique entertainment was unmatched. The acoustic blues guitarist was great (sorry I didn't catch your name) and the movie subtitles were hilarious:
"Killers live in a place beyond loneliness"
"I want rice"
"Take your clothes off"
"Are you trying to make a fool of me?"
The dining alcove had a Quentin Tarantino atmosphere with trashy Japanese movie posters covering psychedelic murals. 
Don't miss this hideaway when you're in the 'hood.It was already late when i arrived into town, i was starving and all the potential spots were closed. So I stopped here, they had some good rice filled with something plant based. That made me happy. Not much else I could say, but they had some live music.We wanted a break from all the gumbo and oysters so decided to go for Japanese for the night after seeing the good reviews on Yelp. I've been quite spoiled by awesome Japanese food in New York, so perhaps that's why this restaurant was just average in comparison. Since the food here is tapas-style, definitely plan for at least 2 dishes per person. The service was also quite slow, so try to order everything in the beginning.
Vegetarian gyoza - Pretty lackluster dish overall. The dumplings were dry, and the edamame and corn filling was not my favorite.
Sautéed mushrooms - A little on the salty side but very flavorful!
Salmon sashimi - This was a very generous portion of salmon. Though the quality wasn't exactly melt-in-your-mouth amazing, it was a good amount of fish for the price.
Kitsune udon (no meat, just fried tofu) - The broth was an interesting soy sauce / fishy miso taste. 
Chashu ramen ($13) vs Ramen ($9) - They're essentially the same; the chashu one has more pork while the regular ramen has an extra egg. The noodles were very tasty, but they honestly tasted more like wonton soup, not so much the rich, fatty, hearty pork broth that I was craving. 
Grilled yellowtail neck - Pretty tasty, nice and salty with a dash of lime, would recommend!
The vibe here is very tavern-y. You will likely be squeezed on the side, at the bar, or sharing a table. It's great for a night out but not super family friendly. My family was certainly freaked out by the array of waving cats at the bar.
Also our server automatically added 18% gratuity to our party of 4 - not highly appreciated considering the service was quite slow.This was a little fun place we just came across. 
We had some drinks, listened to great music and snacked on some edamame. Great atmosphere and staff. We will go back for some sushi.This place is amazing!Do not get thrown off by the graffiti all over the walls and the divey atmosphere. This place is great if you love authentic cuisines.  
Make no mistake they do not offer Sushi Rolls- walk out the door  and yes  it's .50 extra if band is there so come early. They also add .25 extra for to-go food. 
This is an izakaya, traditional meals mainly in small plates. They do offer noodle dishes which we did not try. Think yummy Asian tap pas. 
Here are our top favorite: 
Fried octopus legs-like calamari, nice and salty
Tokayaki- a ball shaped snack filled with octopus, melted in our mouths. 
Dumplings- great choice here. 
Sashimi -we got the salmon sashimi (raw pieces of heaven)
Miso soup - (they offer it nice and thick the way I like it)
To drink we had Sochu-it's basically rice wine that you drink like saki only smoother. 
Overall it was a fabulious night. It was a group of 4 of us, we would order 1 plate each  and shared until we got full. I think we had 3-4 small plates per person total and paid about $50 per person. It wasn't cheap but Izakaya's offer fresh food, meals you won't find elsewhere and a great experience.Uh oh...I went back and the food had taken a step backwards. The agadashi sauce was viscous for some reason, the udon seemed like it came out of a grocery store pouch, the ramen broth just didn't measure up to my previous visit but I can't put my finger on exactly what was different. Maybe there was a guest chef...maybe someone was having a bad day..I will definitely go again and give it another try but I was very disappointed and hope that the change is temporary! Please Yuki...don't start cutting back on ingredient quality!!!Fun little joint, that has live music
Great vibe
Food and Prices are good
Service is a little slowMy fiancé and I discovered this place while wandering down Frenchman St. this summer looking for a beer while were waiting for dinner.  They had an awesome selection of Japanese beer and saki, which i highly recommend trying the Hitachino Nest Beers.  Now this summer we did nit eat anything; however, this time while we went back and decided to try out the food for an early evening snack.
 We should we should of eaten here a lot sooner!!!!!!
That evening we had the yellowfin neck, yakisoba skewer, and natto with tuna.  Let me say natto is not for everyone and my fiancé loves the stuff; so I can only comment that this natto does not smell as bad as the stuff he usually eats.  I can comment on the yellowfin though, and it was perfect.  Nicely charred and the seasoning was spot on.  As for the yakisoba, it did not taste like they had covered in sauce that had come from a bottle.  This is what we have encountered at most restaurants.  Instead it was nice seared and seasoned, melt in your mouth goodness.
Yuki is not for everyone; however, if you are looking for good beer, food, and music I would at least give it a try.  As for us, we will definitely be coming back to try more of their food on our next NOLA trip!The menu looked pretty interesting, but really didn't deliver at all. The only good part of the meal was the Japanese beer, which wasn't created by them.
I think the main problem was they wanted to let the ingredients speak for themselves without adding too much seasoning, but the ingredients were really not great quality so everything just fell very flat.
- Tuna tataki: they gave me the stringy part of the fish so it was pretty hard to chew. This was the only dish my fiancée didn't share with me and I woke up in the middle of the night feeling like I needed to throw up, so I question the freshness of the fish.
- Ramen: The broth was very flat and just lacked any seasoning at all. It was pretty disappointing to think instant ramen I've eaten at home had a lot more flavor than this one.
- Saki clams: Besides the fact there was sand in the clams, they just had a very dull flavor to them. It really needed something acidic to brighten up the flavor and it was begging for some basic seasoning.
- Seaweed salad: This is one of my staple meals and is very hard for someone to mess up, but theirs was not good. I ended up dipping it in a little bit of the leftover rice wine vinegar and soy sauce from the tuna tataki which helped remove the strange flavor.I've never had a bad time at Yuki's. 
It's been a while, so I recently returned with a friend. We ended up staying for hours. This is a place you sit down at the bar, order a bottle of saki, eat several of their fantastic dishes, listen to whatever cool beat the DJ plays that night, and talk to the coolest strangers in town (...and order a second bottle, if you can handle it!)
I've never been disappointed. The food tastes fresh and authentic. My kimchee was wonderful, the maguro natto (raw tuna with fermented beans) was the bomb (but make sure your tongue can handle the slimy texture :-) I shall return for the octopus dumplings. Someone else ordered the edamame and were not impressed. They have many tapas sized dishes, so I'm sure you'll find something to satisfy your palate. 
It's really tiny inside, so seating can be limited. That's what makes it fun and easy to talk to others. 
The music never disappoints. I remember stumbling inside on Halloween and dancing to reggaeton. In a Japanese bar. Only in New Orleans ;-)
BIG PLUS: they are non-smoking.I don't like hanging out in the bars on Frenchmen-- they just get way too crowded and Yuki is no exception. Most of the times I've been here, it's been packed, so I usually avoid it. But I spent several hours here on an off-night and it was quite lovely. They have a good selection of Japanese beers, high ceilings, and awesome decor (except for the Imperial Japanese flag WTF). There was also some great live music. 
They serve a wide variety of Japanese dishes. Unfortunately, none of it is very good. The ramen tasted like they jazzed up some Maruchan, and the gyoza was flavorless. I don't recommend the house plum wine either.The one miss of the trip. Our fault for expecting good Japanese food in New Orleans coming from California (smug alert). 
Shu mai tasted like dog food. Mushy, no flavor, zero texture. Mushrooms were slimey. Karage was fine. Yelp fail.Had a few good nights at this place. anime being projected onto a brick wall is awesome. tight snuggly seating, mmmm tapas, and a small corner nook with the occasional live music. Saw a lovely woman play beautiful cello one night.The service is effective and the food great for quite an affordable price. A great place to go if you find yourself in Frenchmen and want some delicious food. 
Maybe the music too loud but good quality.
The environment artsy... We liked it very muchWe popped in for a drink on a Saturday night and made our way back for dinner a few nights later because the menu looked so great. The food was wonderful and the DJ was really good.Total hole in the wall that is hipster cool and grungey looking on purpose... At least i hope so.
The food was really not too bad for stopping by while listening to live jazz. Singer sang only covers to a live band.Half restaurant, half bar = all awesome. 
Went here around midnight on a Friday. Perfect for late night snacks w/ good sake.   
  Food - Kimchi was good but not fermented. Udon + pork belly was worth trying. Spicy tuna tetaki was the best thing we tried. Sauce blended well with it. Got steamed rice on the side to accompany it. Do not ask for sushi! They serve real Japanese foods.
  Ambiance - Good Jazz band playing at the entrance. Very friendly atmosphere! Dark and hip.This is my first review(yea cliche or unbelievable) but truly this is an amazing quaint spot with some great bites. It's awesome to try some true Japanese food that isn't just sushi and spicy tuna rolls. Would highly recommend this place. Keeping it short for ya'll. EnjoyGreat little joint. Went by late one evening for sake to find a little bit of Japan dropped onto Frenchmen Street. I think Christy L has it best: "Yuki is one of those places that you walk into and instantly feel cool for being in the know about it." A friend brought me, and, as Christy predicts, I was impressed with "hip little spot."Believe it or not...this made the PERFECT end to our New Orleans trip. Here's how it goes...
We had just had four nights of heavily poured mixed drinks and delicious Abita beer. Wine. Buttery food. Sugar. Caffeine.  The works. As we walked down Frenchman Street on the eve of our departure we both privately dreaded ordering another hurricane. When suddenly...
The tinkling of the jazz piano caught our ear. We followed it right to a...Japanese bar?
YES. This was exactly what we wanted. We ordered a small bottle of deliciously refreshing and clean sake, listened to the New Orleans jazz piano and watched the subtitled movie on the wall.
Like I said. It was perfect.I loved the atmosphere of this quirky little spot.  The old wooden bar and exposed brick are lovely in their own right but the way it is decorated with Japanese cartoons and knickknackery is really cute.  We went in last Thursday when there was no one else in the bar but the bartender, no patrons or music.  I got a green tea martini that I didn't like at all but maybe I should have tried something else.
Foodwise, nothing very good.  The french fries were of the Ore Ida variety although the wasabi mayonnaise was good.  Marinated octopus in wasabi was interesting for a few bites but then it was just kind of murky-tasting.  Rice wrapped in seaweed with salted plum was waaaaaay to salty (and I love salty) and off-puttingly mushy.  The beef tongue was super tough, i actually felt like I was eating someone's tongue instead of having it fall apart like I'm used to.  The sauce was awesome though, lemony and peppery, if they'd just learn how to cook the tongue right!
I would definitely come back for a beer and maybe a nibble but not to eat extensively. A band started playing just as we were finishing up, which was nice.  My final issue though is that they don't charge a cover for music, just an upcharge of 50 cents on every item during a show.  We had our drinks and food long before the band even showed up or started playing but we got the surcharge for each item.  It was just a matter of a few dollars but since we really didn't partake in the entertainment, I thought it was worth noting.The BF and I were looking for a change from the mound of fried food we'd consumed all weekend so we decided to check out the ramen at this restaurant. I noticed another reviewer mentioning that they were out of pork belly. Well. Looks like they're still out. Sad thing is we went in early in the night. Very disappointed.I'm giving Yuki five stars ("as good as it gets!") because there's nothing else like it here. 
I recently moved here from New York and assumed I'd never have decent ramen again without making it myself (I make terrific ramen, broth, noodles pork and all, but it takes forever). The other local Japanese place (Wasabi) is great  if you want fun sushi rolls but lacks ambiance, fun sakes and shochus. It also lacks ramen.
It's not cheap by New Orleans standards but it IS cheap by NYC standards, and those are still the standards bopping around my brain so I think this place is a hell of a find.
The pork ramen was lovely. Silky porky broth, noodles, pork belly, scallion and egg. Not big enough to share so BACK OFF my noodles, man! ;)
We sat in the wee "dining room" which was tiny and oppressive and red and black and dark and I loved it. Our waitress was lovely, the service was speedy and this was on a Friday night at 8pm. I guess Yuki is really more of a bar than a restaurant so there were several free tables. 
The tuna tataki and sashimi plates were SO fresh and delicious, and my God, they had Asahi Black. The idea of spending the coming  Winter evenings sitting at Yuki slurping ramen and drinking an Asahi Black makes my HEAD SPIN it makes me so happy. 
Yuki is a rare gem hidden in plain site on Frenchmen Street, of all places.Awesome!! Food, sake, ambience! I'm goin back, again.I am not sure if you'll be able to get the stars to align the way we did when we visited Yuki on a recent trip to New Orleans, but if you can... I think my favorite thing (besides the delicious strawberry infused sake and tasty food) was the fact that there was a 3-piece bluegrass band playing while a silent Spirited Away projected on the wall. The atmosphere was really excellent - I don't think I've ever been anywhere similar. Also, enough vegan options that you'll have something to snack on while enjoying your cocktails.Granted, I was starving and recently removed from the airport, but when Jess and I dropped in on Yuki Izakaya, I ran into the best cucumber salad I've had in my life. I'm not talking some sort of Iron Chef situation here, only that I was famished and Yuki doesn't over-think their cucumber salad: it's simple, plentiful and quick. 
I bookended that salad with some edamame on the front end and a plate full of sashimi tuna to stick the landing: paired with a tall Hitachino White (thank you, Japan), and set to a backdrop of quirky acoustic goodness in the next room, I was hard pressed to be happier. Others have noted that it's small - like, claustrophobia lives here - but if you can get past that, a relaxed stroll awaits your taste buds. I wasn't necessarily expecting Yuki Izakaya, but that won't be the case next time.Oh, Yuki. It's a hole-in-the-wall Japanese destination with a French accordian player on Tuesday nights. The tables are uneven and there are only about 5 or so. But the Sake is awesome--especially the Coconut Lime (?) Nigori. O.M.G.  It's definitely New Orleans and you should definitely try it.
My bf and I shared:
Pepper crusted tuna tataki with ponzu
Spicy French fries (slightly disappointing--frozen crinkle fries with spices)
Tuna seaweed salad
Tofu udon
All of which were pretty much fantastic.I totally dig this place.  Its on frenchman street, so automatically has a fantastic atmosphere that's quirky and weird.  They've got classic movies playing on the brick wall, live sets of japanese popular music and about a half million ceramic lucky cats perched above the bar.  The inside is dark and full of wood, brick - kind of taverny feeling.  Its almost cozy, but the eating area - which is very small - needs some better ventilation, as it can get pretty hot and stuffy back there.  And then there's the food.  Small plates and ramen/udon noodle soup. There's no sushi, so look elsewhere if that's what you want.  It can get a little pricey, but the food is completely worth it.  Their roast pork belly ramen is DELICIOUS.  The broth is rich and porkey, with a generous helping of sliced pork belly that just falls apart.  The noodle texture is perfect.  While the soups can make a meal unto themselves, the other plates are closer to tapas-sized.  Its all good.  I found about this place about a week and a half before I moved away from NOLA (sad face) and went back another couple times over the next few days... it was that good.  I'd give this place a 5 if they'd fix the ventilation in the eating area.
BTW, rather than charging a cover, they jack up all menu items by $0.50 when a live musician is playing which usually starts around 7:00 pm.This is my favorite place in the city. Inside and outside the look of the whole place is just lovely and fun. They play great music and sometimes project really pretty films onto the bar wall. 
The sake selection is good and varied in price. They also make amazing sake cocktails. The Yuki special, made with unfiltered sake, is particularly great. As it is an izakaya rather than a sushi bar, I'd recommend going with more of the bar food (also the noodles) than the sashimi, but the sashimi isn't bad. The french fries are lovely
Inter-Asian cuisine sidenote: they have PERFECT homemade kimchi here. Even though it's four dollars (rather than free with something else), I always get it. The Kimchi Chigae soup, on the other hand, is just miso with some kimchi in it. If you are familiar with the true glory that is Korean soup, don't bother. But I've had plenty of Korean-made sushi (in SK), so I certainly don't hold anything against a Japanese chef not getting a Korean dish.3.5 stars 
We were quite happy to find this place in New Orleans, on Frenchmen Street of all places.  It was quite empty and dark but we decided to give it a try.  A very interesting place - very odd and funky decor, choice of music and movie.
We started at the bar and ordered our beer but moved on to a table in the back, where we had the edamame, potstickers and ramen.  
I see they have a new menu now serving sashimi and such.  Look forward to returning.I don't like to leave bad reviews but the music at this place was awful. The Dj kept playing terrible "sound effects" (train horn, sirens etc) into microphone. Other customers around me had the same wtf face especially when he started wailing into the microphone. Food wise, unfortunately nothing special either.  Ramen was just OK, egg was cold and hard through (not cooked traditional way, with runny warm yolk)and noodles were way too soft.  Service was pretty slow even though it was practically empty but the waitress was nice.  We couldn't wait to get out of there because of the horrible loud music. Think the Dj cleared the place out.Disgusting food. I felt so sick after eating their pork shumai. I'd go elsewhere. I feel nauseous just writing about it. 
The place was empty when we arrived, which is never a good sign. The ambiance felt a little sleazy even.
We didn't try any drinks, so I can't comment on that. 
Go to Three Muses instead!Okay, It's been a while since I've done any reviews, so this update has been a long time coming.  The truth is, I really like this place.  I've had some good times here over the past several months, and yet, my two-star rating has been sitting here on Yelp, untended.  My bad, Yuki.  
Here's what I like: the atmosphere, the regularity, the obscure Japanese cinema playing on a brick wall above my head, being able to walk in and out as I please, dancing to balkan-german-latin-raggae-salsa-whatever when they have a DJ, Ozeki Dry!, $5 NOLA Brewing Hopitoulas (not a good price, but not bad), it's always dark and red, it's laidback and isn't crowded, though, on some occasions, I've seen it go from empty to full in less than a minute, and also, using their restroom when I need a quick go-to on Frenchman Street (I always buy something, so get off my case).  
What I don't like... it's still too expensive for my tastes.  It's kind of hard to try new things when my options are mostly limited to the cheaper fare.  But, I seem to get by pretty good with Ozeki Drys and tap beers.  
I still have never tried any of their food except for the canned octopus,  but I do hear the rest of their food is good.i didn't try their food, but i did have a great drink here. it was a combination of sake, rum, pineapple juice, and other things that i can't put my finger on, but it was tasty. this spot is a unique spot compared to the rest of Frenchman, they have a DJ and all of that gab. i liked it a lot.Had one opportunity to try the much written about Ramen and of course they were out. Yuki is a small eclectic place that is hip on New Orleans most hip street but sad that I had to walk out because they were out of their signature dish.Finally had a chance to try this place the other night and can't wait to go back. It's got a great funny vibe and the food very tasty. Started off with the Onigiri and a shrimp dumpling both very good I couldve had another order of the dumpling! I then had the spicy tuna tataki that was perfectly seared and seasoned my partner had the Tanuki Udon also very tasty! Service was not the best but we weren't there for that lol. Loved the old Godzilla movie playing on the wall and the band crammed into two corners were fun.Bleh. Alternate pronunciation is "Yucky." I had the octopus dumplings which were super mushy -- ewww -- and not very flavorful, and the curry which was served at room temperature (what?!?), was not spicy at all, and didn't have any meat in it even though it was listed as "not vegetarian" -- it was only 20 cents worth of noodles and some broth. Totally lame.
Halfway through my meal, a guy and girl came in and started playing electric piano and trombone really loud. SO ANNOYING. Thankfully I was done with my meal after 2 songs and left.This place is a Quentin Tarantino fever dream-kitschy Japanese dive bar with samurai movies being projected on the wall. Huge sake menu, knowledgeable servers to walk you through it. Surprisingly decent Japanese pub food to sop up the alcohol. Fairly priced for the area. The live music doesn't always match the surrounds.Yuki, a unique little Japanese bar and restaurant provides a welcome change from the overflow of classic New Orleans Jazz bars on Frenchman and a great option for vegetarians in this city where chicken is a vegetable.
Let's start with the atmosphere. The place is small and dark and filled with a variety of contemporary Japanese elements including often quite strange Japanese films played on part of the wall over the bar. It's more there for ambiance than actual viewing but I guess you could actually watch if you wanted to.  They've been playing good electronic music every time I've been there.
Next is the bar. They have a very impressive menu of Sake and Soju. The service and the people seem friendly. I've yet to sit there because I just can't go to Yuki without ordering a bunch of food.
So, the food... Once you've seated yourself at one of the eight or so tables initial greeting and service are pretty quick. The woman who either owns or manages the place is Japanese and obviously very friendly with regulars and people who speak Japanese. The waitress I've encountered on all three occasions I've been there so far is Eastern European, friendly, polite, and attentive. 
The food is fantastic. I've had the Kitsune Udon and the Mushroom and Seaweed Udon as well as the Agadashe Tofu and the Miso Soup with Salmon. All are amazing but watch out for the sizes. The miso soups are much less expensive for a reason--they're about 1/3 the size of the others. I also had some strange tasty thing from the daily specials menu that put my friend who had lived in Japan into fits of delight. Apparently it's hard to find in the US. I honestly forget what it was other than delicious.
So, is Yuki Japanese perfection in New Orleans? Close but not quite. The bathrooms are often gross and lacking in toilet paper. The kitchen can be really slow even when the house is pretty empty, so don't go if you're in a hurry. And finally, they have a really stupid way to upcharge when there's a DJ or band. They add an extra 50 cents per item--any item and every item which promotes ordering a small number of more expensive items rather than sampling multiple goodies. This policy is also poorly marked so it's an annoying surprise if you haven't been otherwise warned.
I struggled a bit whether or not to subject Yuki to scoring perfectionism and give them 4 stars but when I thought about it the things that aren't the best won't stop me from going there, and often so 5 stars.This is my new favorite spot in NOLA. It will catch you by surprise. Who would think a Japanese bar on Frenchman street would be so cool??Really great japaese tapas. Went on a sunday at 9:30 and had no wait. Good amount of people were there and there was a lively atmosphere. Also, the neighborhood has fantastic live music bars. Enjoyed the live jazz that played during our visit, there's a 50cent surcharge per item when bands play but it is worth it. It's a quirky, small place with fun japanese films playing/projected on the wall. The staff is super friendly. Our fav dishes were the octopus dumplings, hampen, and braised pork belly ramen, sooo delicious! Would recommend this to anyone looking for something a bit different from usual nola fare.Quiet on Sunday night so good for conversation with my partner. Anime is playing on the wall, drinks selections are varied, high quality. The food? See for yourself: we chose tanuki udon and tekka donburi . Yum!Damn, am I gad we wondered in here.  My husband and I were walking down Frenchmen St. this Halloween and were looking for a place to stop to eat.  I saw the sign and gathered that it was a Japanese place.  Not gonna lie, I totally expected sushi rolls.  I love how on the menu, it says they DO NOT serve sushi rolls, they do serve sashimi though but there are so many other interesting things to get on their menu, I don't know why you'd really bother.  
We started with the octopus dumplings and they were so soft and a little chewy with a delicious sauce drizzled on top.  We fought for the last one.  
My husband got the kimchee ramen and I got the inari udon noodles.  I personally was a bit jealous because the kimchee ramen was AMAZING.  Just the right amount of spice and the broth was great.  Mine was great too, but it was a bit too sweet - I added some sriracha to help balance it out.  
Sadly, I don't know the next time we'll be in NOLA will be, but we would definitely go here frequently if we lived there.Yuki is so fabulously weird. I really don't know if New Orleans has any other restaurant that is comparable to Yuki. It's small. There's always a silent Japanese film projected on the wall, more often than not they'll have some band playing. The last couple of times I was there, some old timers were playing their accordions. No, not very Japanese, but who cares! Everything they do just works. The food is delicious. However, don't come here for sushi. This is a Japanese tapas restaurant. I suggest the curry fries to start and a bottle of Nigori (sake). They have different infused types of sake, every week, so be sure to ask about that as well.Came here during my first visit to New Orleans back in May. 
This place is small and cozy with a little nook off to the side with some seating and in direct view of any live musicians for the night. I ordered a ramen which totally hit the spot and they have the most extensive sake list I have ever seen! I tried unfiltered sake for the first time and loved it--I will definitely be coming back here!My friend ordered grilled eel. He could not even eat it because there were too much bones in there. We were really disappointed with this meal. 
The only star I give it to them is for the ramens.Randomly came across this place during Mardi Gras and grabbed some beers to go but we thought it looked like a cool place so we came back to try the food. I'm so glad we did! 
The food is traditional style Japanese and it's unbelievably good! We had the rice balls, snow crab tapas, and the hokke fish (a grilled sun-dried fish). Everything was amazing! We also tried their house-made strawberry-infused sake, which was so delicious. 
Our waitress was super friendly and suggested several other dishes we might like based on what we ordered. So, we are already planning our next visit. 
I should also mention they have great live music and cool decor. It's worth checking out just for the atmosphere of the place.Stopped in last night while out for drinks with a friend, and had a good time.  We ordered six different dishes to share, and all were delicious.  I wasn't happy with the prices of some of the things we ordered ($6 for tiny saucer of sauteed mushrooms is a bit much), but it was a special night out, so just went with it and tried to enjoy despite feeling like I should have been getting a little more for my money.  Overall, the concept was nice, and I loved finding a Japanese place serving more than sushi.  The service was wonderful, and the atmosphere was dark and dive-y, which helped me get over spending $40 on appetizers.  Not sure if I'll go back, but it's worth checking out at least once.Saturday, 1:00 AM.
Quickie:
+ Ramen quality
+ Broth quality
+ Service
+ Menu variety
- Cleanliness
- Slow turnaround
+ Unique, lively vibe
And then...?
Late night grub, gotta get it once in awhile.
**********
Stuffed my face in:
1. Kimchi ramen with extra noodles
     + Nice flavor profile: spiced fermented cabbage functioned well as a layer. 
     + Ramen was firm and had a nice texture.  
Constructive comments:
*Do you compost?
*Source ingredientsExcellent sake menu, interesting food menu, small space and a live japanese band. Whoa, this place was special indeed. If you're in NOLA, you have to stop by this part of town. It's a good time for sure.Came here for a last girls night out before my friend headed back to Philly. Very interesting place. It is a small place that is dark and red and has weird pictures on the wall.  Not recommended for groups larger then 7. I came here with the intentions of trying their highly recommended Coconut-Lime nigori- I wanted a bottle of it so my group can share but she ran out. I also wanted to try another sake that they have on their list,b ut she ran out of that one as well. 
Food is very good and unique. I can't remember what we ordered but everything was small plates except for their ramen. Order the bowl just for yourself!! We also ordered like 3 orders of the fries! They looked like they were the Ora-Ida fries you can find in the freezer section of your grocery store, but something makes it taste so much better when someone cooks it for you and serves it on a plate sprinkled with some spices and served with some wasabi mayo! 
This place is definitely not your typical Japanese restaurants in New Orleans. If you are looking for rolls, don't come here! I hope the next time I come they will have the Coconut-lime nigori!poor quality fish.. The tuna was super bad looking, yellowtail and salmon not so great either.. Stick to the cooked food. Dumplings were ok but over priced and underwhelmingA friend and I visited Frenchman on the Sunday before Mardi Gras this year and while the food was absolutely amazing and the atmosphere was crazy and exactly what you would want for a amazing evening in the Marigny the service was total crap.  
Our waitress was rude and apparently we bothered her when we asked for anything.  We even asked to make sure the kitchen was still open before we ordered food.  
I grew up in NOLA and have only been away from Louisiana for two years and my friend had never been there. The city is the best in the world as far as I'm concerned with service and food and it was so disappointing to bring a friend to a very well reviewed place but treated like an annoyance.  
Honestly, the food was so good I will eat here again but I will make sure I have a different server.Super cool little joint; superb Japanese vittles, quality drinks, low key atmosphere and a couple of cool musicians while we were there.Went here for ramen because I read good reviews about it. It was okay. The place is a really cool bar, but not so much of a restaurant. Would recommend for drinking/ socializing, but not for eating a nice meal.
Also, heads up, they add 18% gratuity to your dinner check, so if you don't look closely, you may end up double tipping!!Amazing ambiance!  Dim, red, live music, anime projection... pretty cool.  Just ate some lotus chips and standard sashimi, but I enjoyed my experience here.I came in on a rainy night. It was cold and I was looking to eat something warm and distinctly not cajun. This hit the spot. 
The random singer and the odd movies playing on the wall can make you feel like you've stepped into a Haruki Murakami novel.
Mellow, not touristy & delicious.This WORST experience among all of restaurants in NOLA!!! So slow and so messy. We order octupus balls, no balls; grilled beef tongue, sorry nope; tofu? Sorry we do not have neither. What is the worst part is after we order Ramen for 40 minutes, they told us we out of eggs!! It is the restaurant that you basically can only eat what they ask you to eat, not you want to eat. BTW, the actual layout of the restaurant is SO different from the images they uploaded. Do not get cheated again by this restaurant.I can't say too too much about this place since I only came here for some drinks and music so I'll tell you about that. Drinks are pretty strong and of course can come in to-go cups for your reckless wandering in NOLA. My favorite part of this place was the scene and the music. Tasteful amount of laser lights lit the place and scurried from wall to wall while an old school Japanese film was projected onto the wall behind the bar. Some real interesting stuff happened on that screen haha. Sometimes the music would even match with the story which made it all the better. And speaking of the music, the DJ went from reggae to rock mixes to electronic to hip hop so smoothly and elegantly I was surprised he had made all these changes. I'm sad I was too drunk to get his name, but if that's a house DJ then Yuki I need to find his SoundCloud!Don't. Seriously the worst of everything, service, slimy noodles, empty beer kegs, out of items it was just really ridulously bad. I don't want to go on and on but just don't.Yuki fills a void for NOLA. For drinking local favorites such as Sazeracs, Pimms Cups, and Ramos Gin Fizzes, several options abound. However, for sipping Sake you're limited to a dozen or so restaurants who focus primarily on sushi, leaving alcohol as an afterthought. Yuki Izakaya appears to exist primarily for the sake and Japanese beers on tap, while just happening to serve a variety of small and intriguing dishes. 
It might be best described as downscale swanky (ha!), with its dimly lit main room anchored by an L-shaped bar paired with red swivel top bar stools. A tiny room off to the side offers a few wooden tables and chairs away from the action. The decorations all seem to mesh together though they don't necessarily make any sense to me, a relative outsider to the East Asian culture. Golden figures almost resembling mini 'hello kitty' replicas sit atop the bar, a Sumo wrestler adorns a beer tap, and the flag of the Japanese navy hangs from the rear wall. The bathroom boasts a wall covered with what looks like Japanese soft porn. 
I seated myself atop of one of those little red stools and sampled the sake. I thoroughly enjoyed my drink. I'm no sake connoisseur, but the cherry tinged rice wine I sampled went down smoothly and was a nice change of pace from the two component cocktails or beer that's normally served at the live music venues on Frenchman. 
The food here is also different from what's served nearby. Fried octopus dumplings, beef tongue, lotus chips, and squid help round out the menu. Given these unique offerings I really wanted to like it more than I did. I tried the takoyaki (fried octopus dumplings) and was unimpressed. The tough meat was surrounded by a gooey dough, and contained within a rather flimsy fried surface. A few squiggles of spicy mayonnaise and a paper thin yellowish seaweed garnished the dish. The vegetable gyoza, these dumplings covered by a narrower and firmer layer of dough, better suited my palate. The shichimi peppered french fries accompanied by a wasabi mayonnaise was the best plate I sampled. 
Even though the food here didn't amaze me it wasn't inedible. And because Yuki offers such a contrast to the other jazz bars up and down Frenchman I'll return again when I want something different. Overall I give Yuki a good solid three stars for ambiance and for filling a distinct niche in the city.It was nice to have a space to sit down on Frenchmen street during a busy Saturday. However, the spot that we sat at wasn't cleaned up until about two drinks in. I'm not sure why the waitress wasn't that attentive. We had a Japanese pale ale that wasn't that great either. The feel was cool because it was different from other places on the street but the lack of hospitality from servers will probably keep us away.I really wish I could "love" Yuki Izakaya.  I was really excited when I found Yuki in Yelp, reading review and looking at their menu.  But unfortunately, while there are some definitely enjoyable part of our dining experience, the food just failed to deliver.  So let's back up a bit...
We got in around 9 PM on a week night.  The place was hopping with live jazz music and an almost full bar and dining area.  However, we were still able to be seated right away in a little two top.  Awesome!  We sat down and ordered a couple of drinks.  I opted for a lychee sake martini (very delicious) and my husband a beer.  We wanted to try their ramen, unfortunately it was sold out.  Oh well.
We did ordered several other dishes to try though.  The dried grilled squid, the chicken karaage, beef tongue, and octopus balls.  We were hoping to spend a few hours there, enjoying live music, sip drinks and having great Japanese bar food.  Well, after getting the four dishes, we decided it's just not meant to be.  While the drink I ordered was good, none of the dishes was up to par.  For one, majority of the dishes came out lukewarm to room temperature cold.  The grilled squid was rubbery and tasteless.  The karaage and octopus balls were gummy.  The beef tongue was very bland too.  It's like someone forgot to season any of the food we ordered.
Now, the overall experience was still pretty good.  We really did enjoy the music.  The service was friendly (though a bit slow due to how busy they are).  We were just really disappointed by the food.  Don't get me wrong.  I don't expect fine dining here.  I totally get the vibe they are going for and thought it was great.  But we expected that hot, smoky (grill) and bold flavors that come with Japanese izakaya.  We just did not get any of it.This is the GEM of the area! After battling No Jazz Fest crowds, we hesitantly escaped here. So glad we did!
The fish was was fresh, delicious and beautifully prepared.
We shared the Kim Chi Ramen w Tofu, veggie and crab dumplings, and sashimi plate. 
All were fantastic and kept getting better. 
Come on in! it's delish!Eh. I'll start by saying that I love the bar itself. It's very cool, with a dark rooms, authentic japanese art and posters hanging on the walls, and some good music. However, it is simply too small. There are a max of 6 tables. It's very crowded as well. Our promised table was given away to someone else and we had to wait for longer. The service is slow and not very attentive. The food sounds so much better on paper than when it actually comes to the table- I had high hopes for the octopus dumplings (which turn out to be a very very common dish in China/Taiwan that is regularly served on the streets for 1/10 of the price) which were described so beautifully, but in actually were just kinda... gross. I love seafood, octopus, sushi, and Asian food, but they just weren't good. I got a sashimi platter and again, it was OK. A little too expensive for the quality. Sake selection, however, is great. Would come here just to drink.can't wait to get back. intimate and divey. smells to tempt, great music & wallpaper.Bored of Bourbon Street, we were informed by the pretty bartender at the old absinthe house that Frenchmen Street is much more interesting.  She was very right.  This was one of the establishments we happily stumbled into, and we sat at the bar, a few feet away from where the bluesy lounge singer was performing, and munched on some boneless fried chicken and tuna tataki.  Great atmosphere here.I've been to Yuki Izakaya a couple of times now, and it's fast becoming one of my favorite places in the city.  It's definitely my favorite place on Frenchmen Street.  The servers are always attentive, and make great sake suggestions.  The music is always top notch.  The atmosphere is always vibrant, even when they've just opened and the crowd is thin.
The hokke fish is incredible, and a stand out.  It may not be for everyone, on account of its intense fish flavor.  Still, for me, it is so delicious, so well prepared, that it can only be described as "elegant."
The only reason I'm giving four stars instead of five is because of the bathrooms.  They are gross (somewhere between Mardi Gras and train station), and the lighting is so low that it's impossible to adequately inspect the toilet seat before sitting down.  Also, there is no toilet paper.Waited for over two hours for all of our food to arrive. The table behind us had the same
problem. We would have left but they take your card at the beginning of the meal. The server (maybe owner) was unapologetic. Had out of town friends with us....food was good but will not return.Intimate bar with excellent cocktails and good small plates of good Japanese food.  Nice live music.  The place is very small but the warm red lighting provides a cool mood setter for a relaxing evening.  Dizzying array of Saki if you are into that.This hole in the wall has some of the most unique food.  The owner Yuki is very nice and always does her best to please her guest.  Best bets are the Takoyaki (octopus puffs), ramen, sashimi, their tapas menu item, and their curry soups.This place was awesome! I had the dumplings, both wasabi, and crab. Absolutely delicious!!! Then I moved on to the sashimi plate, tuna tatakki (sp?), and finally to the whole BBQ eel bowl over rice. The sashimi plate was stellar, the tuna thingie was fricking awesome, but when it came to the eel, it fell short..... I was bummed. So I decided to order the curry udon. This was the best udon I have ever had, and I have slurped down tons of these lovely bowls of noodle goodness in my day. I was in udon heaven from the first sip of fiery broth. 
 I only gave this place 4 stars because the eel was a bit off. I hope to return soon and sample the other half of the menu, and try some of their  saki.Let me begin by clearly stating, as they do on their menu, that Yuki is not a sushi restaurant! If you want a california roll, go elsewhere. If you are interested in what seems to be an authentic Japanese menu, go to Yuki. (I say "seems to be" because I've not been to Japan). 
We ordered the Agadashi Tofu (I order it everywhere I go on general principle), the Takowasa (a seasoned diced octopus appetizer), the house-made kimchee (yeah, I know it's traditionally Korean but it was great), the grilled yellowtail neck, and the Chashu Ramen (braised Pork Belly). The food was great, the portions and price was very reasonable, and I loved being able to order dishes like the Takowasa that I had never tried (still not brave enough to go for the Natto though).
The place could easily be featured in a Tarantino flick. Old Japanese movies were playing (silently) on a brick wall while a couple musicians did their thing at an appropriate volume. Maybe the service is slow...I didn't notice because I was not in a rush. Give it a shot!We stopped in here after dinner at 13 because we thought the music was great.  It was a duo of an accordion player and a Spanish guitar player, both who I am told were French.  The music was absolutely amazing.  Later on in the night a guy came in off the street and sang with them and that made our night.  We didn't get to try anything off the menu but we were just blown away by the music that night.  It definitely made the beginning of our trip more enjoyable.Good staff, very attentive.  However, if you're looking for sushi, this is not the place. This is however a good spot to grab some sake.The staff was generally nice. They had a DJ the night I went and played music perfect for dancing (and there were people dancing). It's a narrow bar, but there is an upstairs. The eclectic Japanese decorations are worth going into the bar. I love the overhead screen the use to play old Japanese movies--one of the most creative decoration I've ever seen at a bar.
We only ordered Ozeki nigori sake here, so I can't tell you how the other drinks or food are. However, the cloudy sake was on the sweeter side and finishes smooth. 
Stop by this place if you're on Frenchmen street.I'll admit to not trying Yuki for a long time, mainly because the space it occupies used to be the backstage area for what was formerly Cafe Brasil, and trust me, you would NOT have wanted to eat anything in the backstage area at Cafe Brasil! Anyway, some foodie friends raved about the place enough times that I've now tried it twice. I dig it. It's dark. It's cool. Japanese art movies on the wall. Weirdly dressed locals abound. Porno wallpaper in the ladies room. I must admit I haven't tried any drinks here but the Green Lagoon, and it is tasty and cool and sweet. The pepper fries with wasabi mayo are stupidly good--silly, I know but I think they are my favorite. Other dishes I've had were pretty much spot on. I've sampled the shrimp, tuna, seaweed salad, spring rolls, and some other dishes in the two times I've been and was not disappointed. DON'T go here if you're in a hurry. DON'T go here if you're claustrophobic. DO go here if you want to see a different side of Japanese cuisine than what is usually presented in America.I loved their foods, our dinner foods here were awesome, perfect price, great live music. But the only thing that they need to improve is their service.I love Yuki, easily one of my favorite spots in town. The food is delicious and the atmosphere intimate and cozy. It can get a little loud on the busier weekend nights when there is a DJ spinning, but during the week it is the perfect spot for sharing a quality bottle of sake and engaging in satisfying conversation. It's not particular cheap but not outlandishly expensive either. Service can sometimes be slow, especially if they are busy, but good food takes time so kick back and enjoy your drink while waiting. The vegetable gyoza and kitsune udo are some of my favorites. Great spot for vegans (me) and omnivores alike. Highly recommend to those looking to escape the brass bands and drunk crusties in your face on Frenchmen St., or to have a mellow, relaxing experience during the week.I seem to always pass this place on weekends and hear fantastic music flowing from this bar but it is usually so packed (lucky them!) that fighting a crowd just doesn't appeal to me when there are so many other options.
I was able to stop in here when a friend and I decided we were in the mood for sake. I really liked it here. There was a small band (a singer and her accompaniment) playing when we sat down and looked over the drink menu. They have a HUGE selection of cold sake. I'm not usually a fan, but I tried one that was a little sweet and fruity and I was pleasantly surprised by it. They have such an extensive collection of sake and Japanese beer that you are bound to find something to enjoy, no matter what your tastes.I've walked by this place more than just a few times and never thought much of it.  I assumed it was just another sushi joint - wrong!
So I finally dined here a few weeks ago and was pleased to discover various vegan items.  It's a bit tapas style, so I wouldn't come here expecting a ginormous meal.  My evening's muchies are viewable in the "photos.".  Nothing super duper unique as far as the vegetarian options are concerned, but the non-veg options are quite intriguing and adventurous. 
The vegetable gyozas were perfectly pan-fried, but filled with your basic ho hum veggie fillers.  I've had a lifetime of superior gyozas so I wasn't that wowed, but they're pretty okay.
The grilled shittake mushrooms were great, but just that - grilled mushrooms with a light sprinkling of salt.  Again, not wowed, but quite palatable. 
The lotus chips, now they were quite a sight to behind - crispy holey discs.   Sorry to disappoint but they pretty much tasted like regular ole fried potato chips.  
As for the onigiri, quite interesting!  Basically consists of seaweed wrapped rice bundles filled with salted plums and appeals to that those umami tastebuds that I assume most people never really stimulate at all.  I really rather liked these - very distinct from anything I've ever tried. 
I also had the um, alcohol, that was not sake (my memory sucks).  It's supposedly similar to vodka and I had the green tea and sweet yam (I think?  Hah!).  They were both very mild and very sippable and drinkable, way more than regular vodka for sure (although bless vodka, I love it dearly).  
Overall this place was just average to me.  It feel it was a tad bit pricey for what it was, but I'm sure if I was more of a, say omnivore, the experience would've been far more exciting in terms of trying unique dishes and flavors.  
I rather eat my favorite standby of vegetable and avocado sushi rolls instead of this any day, sorry to say!If you want a taste of Japan but can't afford the ticket, then come here!  It's as close to the real deal as you're going to get in NOLA.  I can't stand it when people say "I LOVE sushi" when what they are really talking about is Amerikanized rolls... come on!  Really?  Stop fooling yourself because you're not fooling those in the know.  When you step foot in here plan on being adventurous.  
Rumor has it Yuki was born and raised IN Kyoto.  So, she knows her food but she knows her spirits as well.  Try some of the Japanese "vodka" Shochu.  They have a good selection of what suits your fancy flavor-wise.  *happy Snoopy dance*
There's a giant collection of Lucky cats guarding over you while you chill at the bar.  Who doesn't love that?!   It's small, dark and super chic.  On occasion there will be a band playing... albeit a little strange in the realm of musical choices, but fitting because this isn't your typical NOLA food/spirit joint which is prolly why I like it so much.
A visit to the bathroom is a MUST!  You'll have to go and see for yourself.I really enjoyed the atmosphere. I felt like I was in a small bar in Japan. The tuna tataki and vegetsble dumplings were excellent.  They have Ramen as well which looked pretty good.  Asahi super dry on tap. Little loud at timesThey do not actually serve Sushi.  This is not a good place if you want sushi.  I couldn't even stay for the food due to being miss lead about food options.The only Izakaya in town, unless if there's a secret one I don't know about.
One of my favourite restaurants back home just happens to be an Izakaya restaurant, so I always have a craving for Izakaya when I'm in New Orleans. I was super excited when I discovered there was one in town.
True to my izakaya tradition, I ordered many different dishes and quite thoroughly enjoyed all of them, except for the tuna tataki which was a bit fishy. Everything was reasonably priced (you're not going to go broke), and you get what you pay for. 
Not the best izakaya that I've ever had, but it's the only one that I know of out here in New Orleans and there's really nothing else to compare it to in the city.
There are several good bonuses about Yuki.  First it's located on Frenchmen Street, one of my favourite spots in the city.  Second it is open very late and excellent for that late night eating crave.  Lastly, it has a nice big Sake and Shochu menu.  This is nice for those of you who like to drink or try a good variety of drinks, or get that special someone tipsy. ;pThough I've worked at a club across Frenchmen St. at least once a night a week for more than a year, I'd never tried this charming Japanese eatery, for reasons that escape me. The atmosphere inside is dim and somewhat cramped, and the effect of being in a shady dive is only enhanced by the off beat band playing an alternative sound track to the silenced Japanese movie being projected onto the wall. The food however, is anything but lowbrow.
Our appetizers were baked tofu and veggie gyoza. The baked tofu was exciting, so far removed from what we had expected that my dining companion and I questioned whether we had received the correct dish before deciding that it was too delicious to return. Doused in a gravy which was largely soy sauce and green onions, the tofu took on a taste not quite like  I'd ever tasted. How the tofu was cooked to achieve the textural complexity of the dish that we ravenously devoured remains a mystery.
The veggie gyoza was veggie gyoza.
Our entrees consisted of almost identical soups, save that one was filled with oudon and veggie tempora and the other with ramen and kimchi. Both of these dishes were exquisite. I've been an oudon fiend for years and this was among the finest I've ever had. I've only recently become a ramen enthusiast and the ramen soup, enhanced with kimchi, was the best I've ever had.
Yuki Izakaya sits atop the Japanese scene in New Orleans. It is one of the finest Japanese establishments I've ever been to and a fixture on frenchmen street. Like the brass bands that play only a few yards from its doors, it is one of the many things that makes New Orleans among the finest cities in the world.I wish we could have stayed here longer. 
All Asian band. The voices and instruments here were like honey to my ears. My favorite band that I heard on Frenchman street out of five that I heard there. Too bad there was no seating, such a small place.I think this was my best Japanese food experience ever, someone could say the place is a little noisy, but I loved it. I also had that kind of Japanese vodka made with rice instead and I liked it so much, I laughed  all night  ;-) My boyfriend I are here for just three nights but I'm positive tonight we are going back at YukiI love this place!  Food is full of flavor and variety.  Service is always great!  Music is allways fresh and different.  I love the shitake skewers, the Kim che jigae  and the selection of sake keeps you satisfied..
My friends and I love the atmosphere and the wierdo old japanese/asian cult movies are great.  Great b place for a late night bite that will bring you back to  life!  Yay Yuki izakaya!Waited for 20 minutes for a server to acknowledge us while we watched her socialize with the table next to us and bring them several rounds of drinks and food. We were then only acknowledged by her because we flagged her down, only to have her disappear again for another 10 minutes. Presumably to get more drinks for the social table. 
Upon flagging another waitress down she informed us that the kitchen closed in 5 minutes. I'm really glad I waited for 45 minutes to eat at a highly recommended restaurant and then got snubbed.Oh Yuki you are so weird and wonderful. 
The movies (near the roof) you play are the strangest things I have seen and the porn on the bathrooms is just the topping on the cake. 
Then there is the music. Your Saturdays are filled with jap/lat mixes that ensure that a good night ends up being a great night. 
And the drinks. Your sake bar is gigantic and drinking them surrounded by gold cats just makes me smile.
If I ever leave NOLA, I will miss you the most.
And I haven't even had your food.After all of the great things we heard about the restaurant, my boyfriend and I were excited.  Great vibe when we walked in then we chose our seat c15 minutes later, I asked someone if I can order.  Then I saw the waitress speak to the individual I talked to then she talked to everyone but our table, so we got frustrated and left... And the food to us is still a mysteryWent in here based on yelp reviews. Ive been to izakaya's in japan and wanted to check it out. the place is small and intimate, there was a singer doing some hank williams tunes and was pretty good.  the menu is small plates and pretty traditional.  I ordered the yakitori(momo) as the skin wasnt available and some curry fries and wasabi fries. My friends had the noodle bowl which looked good. they have a decent selection of sake and beer. the yakitori is great as were the fries. i like the ambience which is dark and they show samurai films projected on the wall.  the best part was a tiny french bulldog who is owned by the owners and who enjoyed licking and chewing my fingers.  a great place. If i lived in NOLA i would be here a lot.Drool.  I'm on the road right now and I can't wait to get home and go here.  So I may have been a little sauced when I came here and aside from drinks, we ordered a few food items that I never really paid much attention to what they were.  All I know is that I really enjoyed eating them.  I think I even had more than my share because it was so good that I became a little zombie ravenous in my beer-induced state.  I had friends visiting from out of town and they really enjoyed themselves as well, both in food & drink and in atmosphere.  Looking forward to getting back!Came in at 10:41 Pm when it says the kitchen is open until 11:30 pm. Was told I couldn't order food.Easily my favorite quiet casual place to go out to in New Orleans. My personal favorite menu items are the kitsune udon, agedashi tofu and the sauteed mushrooms. The karaage (fried chicken) is also very good and very filling for the price ($6). They have a wide range of sakes, which I enjoy, but this is also a great place to grab a local beer and have a conversation. The small size of the place lends it an intimate atmosphere, even with a band or DJ playing. The staff is also very friendly and welcoming.This is one of those places where you sit down and it feels like you have been transported to another place and time. Where and when exactly....well I'm  not so sure, but we liked it.
We sat at the bar shortly after it opened at 6pm and enjoyed 2 kinds of sake, crab dumplings, spicy tuna sashimi and peppered French fries. The fries were kind of boring but we used the sauce from the tuna to jazz them up a bit. Everything else was great. They even have sake books behind the bar if you feel like reading up on it. 
A nice little detour from typical Nola fare.This japanese tapas bar is like a communist-opium den; red and dark. I like it!  We started with the fried lotus root chips.  They were a little salty but paired well with the Hopitoulas on tap.  Then we got the fried appetizer sampler.  Small pieces of panko coated fish, shitake mushroom, chicken, onion and quail egg, one each.  Not that impressive but the quail egg was unlike any mouthfeel i've had.  I needed to switch from beer to something a little lighter.  On the back of their menu they have a list of Shōchu, a distilled beverage from rice or sweet potato.  It tastes like a vodka distilled gin in water, if that makes any sense.  Warning! This is a dangerous beverage.  Watch yourself!After my very first visit to Frenchman St., I can vow here and now that I never plan to visit Bourbon St. at night again while in NOLA (except maybe to eat at Galatoire's). Yuki is probably the reason for this switch. 
After having a drink at the Spotted Cat (cool place as well) and wandering through the makeshift mini-art festival on the street (bought some beautiful watercolors), my friend and I were deciding to go into next when he peeked into Yuki and shouted, "Asian chicks on drums in this one!" SOLD.
We did not have the food, and did not need to. We did have drinks and shots, but the best part of the evening was the jazz/blues trio consisting of three Japanese ladies playing drums, keyboard, and harmonica. Tearing. It. Up.  Also, there was a 60's-era Japanese movie playing on the exposed brick wall with the strangest subtitles. Honestly, I just cannot describe the vibe - just GO if you're looking to have fun, but don't wish to be surrounded by frat-tastic kids hootin' and hollerin' all night. Cannot wait to visit again and jam to the sounds of the divas from the land of the Rising Sun. Oh, and put some tip money in the "Big Tip Jar," you cheap bastards!Mmm... great vegan options.  I had seaweed salad, edamame, tanuki udon and onigiri.  And I met a beautiful girl at the communal table.Frenchmen St. - home of Snug Harbor, The Spotted Cat, d.b.a, Three Muses, and countless other venues. Frequent host to Nevilles and Marsalises. And also, oddly enough, a place to get some damn good ramen.
I certainly did not expect to end up at an izakaya on my first night out in the city, but we were hungry and there it was: Yuki. We ducked inside only to find a little three-piece playing (trumpet/bass/drum) and quickly grabbed a table. And before I get to the food: the trumpeter was damn good. I mean, really surprisingly excellent. I'd wager that he's better than the guys in Rebirth, and he can definitely hold his own against the Treme Brass Band (we actually saw him in the audience at Vaughan's later that week). 
We settled in with some Abita, the coconut lime sake, and some flavor of shochu (can't remember, but it was good) while we perused the hefty menu. Tough decisions all around but we eventually landed on beef tongue, tuna collar, kitsune udon, tuna tataki, and the chashu ramen. Lots of food, I know, but we were starving. Everything was good, but the ramen - after I plopped in a big pile of Sriracha - was especially so. The noodles were perfect and the broth had that unmistakable sheen of pork fat that always puts my salivary glands into overdrive. I could eat that ramen on the regular, and it easily stands up to any other ramens I've had (not to mention it was a nice alternative to the fried chicken and red beans & rice options that everyone else has). Hooray for Yuki!Intimate bar with great vibe, unique aesthetic, and great low key live music.This is one of my favorite bars in New Orleans. The music is always eclectic and culture clashy, the sake selection is great (not that I'm a sake expert), the atmosphere is perfect, dark, often with a  classic Japanese movie being projected on the wall. No cover ever just a small up charge on drinks. It's tight and cramped but people still dance when the music is hoppin'.  I've only had the food once but the tuna tataki I ordered was good.  Drinks are a little on the pricey side. But highly recommended if you want weird experience in New Orleans.The Food was good I had the curry fries and fried  shrimp but the customer service was terrible . . . . .The waitress' attitude was worse than food, and the food was pretty bad. I ordered sashimi, assuming the simple task of cutting up raw fish would be easy for a japanese menu-ed place, but apparently not.
first of all, i don't know what was up with their salmon, but it was certainly not raw. It looked like prepackaged lox in color and awkward cut, and frankly tasted like it too. The texture was chewy as well, literally so chewy that i couldn't bite through it.
when I pointed out this mistake to the waitress (the seasoned one, not the newbie) she acted like I had personally offended her. She rudely insisted that that it was salmon looks like raw (definitely false) and that I should try it before commenting, all the while the sourest of puss looks on her face. 
service was over all slow, and unhelpful. 
my only positive is the atmosphere seems cool, and the sake menu is extensive- but i would never come back for the food. Its a bar that serves food, not a restaurant.
update- management has addressed this kindly and swiftly. Its nice to know you're experience is being heard and understood.If the curry udon at Yuki was a humanoid, I'd marry it, have its babies, and give it sexytimes every morning and night. I'd eat its noodle and drink its broth daily, if you know what I mean. So yeah, I really love the curry udon. My mouth is getting all Pavlovian just writing this. Udon want to miss it. I also really enjoy the potato korokke, which is a fried mashed potato thing with a delicious sauce drizzled on top. Fo shizzle my drizzle!
I have never really been into sake, nor do I know anything about it, but I've been enjoying it a lot more since I started going to Yuki. The staff is helpful with recommendations, and I've always been pleased as punch with whatever sake I ordered. I don't know how punch can be pleased, but I'm sure punch would very pleased with this sake as well.
I'm also a big fan of the quirky atmosphere. Though I love the whole New Orleans vibe of Frenchman street, Yuki is a welcome respite from all of that. 
Japanese movie films play on the brick wall, a red glow permeates the entire space, and kitschy decorations line the walls. Yuki often has live music, which is always a treat. Last time I was in here the accordionist made me feel like I was living in the movie Amelie, which is a very good feeling to have because that movie is fucking adorable. As others have mentioned, this place is pretty tiny, but I consider the intimacy to be an asset. I just try to avoid going at the busiest times. 
Sure, the service isn't always the snappiest but that's just fine with me. I never go to Yuki when I'm in a hurry because I like to savor the experience. I suppose it could get trying if you were drunksiepants and in dire need of sustenance before you went home to pass the fuck out (not that I'd know anything about that).
My only real criticism of this place is its Dexteresque bathroom. It is dark with a red glow and often has a chair in it. This is not exactly the kind of bathroom you are going to chat up your girlfriends in, so the chair is superfluous and actually a bit creepy. I feel like Dexter could bust in at any moment, put his needle in my neck, and I'd wake up saran wrapped to that damn chair. 
The bathroom also lacks toilet paper at times. I'm told by my more worldly friends that that it's common to carry your own toilet paper in Japan. But (in my best redneck accent), this is 'merica, so I'm not always walking around prepared for a toilet paperless bathroom scenario. 
I love this spot and it is a truly unique drinking and dining establishment unlike any other in the city. If you are looking for something different than the stereotypical New Orleans experience, do not miss Yuki.Walked in on Thursday night enticed by the live music. Upon entering the restaurant the waitress/ host?/ busgirl? told us to sit wherever we like, so we did. Once seated our waitress came to a table and handed us the menus, first strike! Those menus appeared to have gone to Bourbon st. and back. They were nasty! Overwhelmed by the dirty menus and the multiple choices we asked our waitress for suggestions. She suggested octopus dumplings and fried chicken. 
After we place our order our waitress asked us if we could move to a smaller table since there was a bigger party wanting to sit where we were. We complied. This party of about 6-8 was so obnoxious and loud! They took up the entire little room which was pretty annoying! I couldn't hear my own thoughts. Before I could asked to be moved to a different table our appetizers were here. 
The octopus dumplings are a joke! A fried, covered in barbecue sauce and spicy mayo, semi-cooked fried ball with a dime size piece of rubbery, bland octopus in the middle! The combination was awful! I never had anything like it at a Japanese restaurant. The fried chicken was subpar and served with a lemonade to dip. Strange! To that I will add that were never offered water or plates (we were sharing!) 
Save your money! You are better off getting a hot dog from across the street!Great spot on Frenchman.
Was there on a recent Sunday evening to hear a great little 4 piece band.  Happily surprised that they had Orion, which is a favorite beer of mine.
Menu looked interesting but we didn't eat.  Not sure I would be all that into eating there unless it was at the bar because of the layout.
Staff was really friendly and the food I did see smelled awesome.  
Will definitely be back next time I'm in town.I am so in love with Yuki.  My boyfriend and I traveled to New Orleans for Halloween in 2012 and stumbled upon Yuki after asking locals where they like to hang out (Frenchman Street).  The entire street was that magical New Orleans that I have always fantasized about.   We were drawn into Yuki by the fantastic old time music we could see through the window.  The place was so small and intimate, everything I imagine when I think of New Orleans.  The decor and feel of the restaurant/bar is amazing, with brick walls and a movie projector displaying old black and white Japanese movies on the wall next to the band.  
We ordered a seasonal appetizer, I believe it was a pumpkin dish.  Whatever it was, I dream about it at night - amazing!  We ordered beer that we had never heard of before and loved it.  
The whole experience of going to Yuki is one that I will never forget.  I hope to visit again very soon.Good food, expensive prices, live music sometimes. Small and run down on the inside but surprising in the end! Overall a good pick. Tuna was excellent! The wasabi shumai are a must have. I really love the almost anime meets New Orleans feel in here especially with the weird movies playing on a projection screen onto the brick wall. Awesome :)If I can judge based on one visit i'll go five stars. I will definitely revisit. Wonderful Japanese dishes in the style of tapas/dim sum/whatever your reference point is for smaller than entree sized dishes.
The octopus dumplings were delicious, their rich creaminess was a perfect contrast to the crisp, clean, tentacled monster inside. The ramen was pretty good, not nearly the best I've had but all the fundamentals were there. If you want some ramen in the area it will do the trick but pay a special visit for the other dishes. The fish cake was whittled down to the flavor, a simple white gelatinous cake but I've never tasted one so filled with the savory taste of the fish. Finally, the rice balls with spicy roe in the middle were tasty and spicy, enjoyable either accompanied in each bite by the seaweed wrapping or not.
Service was great. Cool decor, and the live music was a nice surprise. This is the kind of place where I'll be talking to an out of town friend and I go oh man there's this place... wait, wait, you don't care, you want po boys or desire or galatoire's. And more power to 'em, but we got this too.We were craving ramen and somehow ended up here cuz we didn't want to drive...ramen was hmmm meh..service was meh..I was really confused after we sat down..it took a couple of glances before the waitress new someone sat...but 3 stars for the music and atmosphere...I like the vibe and probably would come back just for some drinks and to enjoy the music at the bar.Yuki is a great small place you should tryout on Frenchman.  Its a great location for a nice drink or tapas with a small group or for a date! The drinks are great specifically the sake, but I must warn you they will sneak up on you, next moment you are seeing doubles so pace yourself in there!Expensive and the food was mediocre. The service wasn't good or bad, just  not around often. The vibe of the place is cool with artsy wall decorations and a musician playing and singing. We would not recommend this to a friend for food, maybe for drinks or something.I love the live jazz (often amazing vocals, Nina Simone covers, etc.).  I always get a great, smooth dry sake and the plum rice balls, which are fabulous. One of my very favorite casual spots in the city.Not horrible, just not on my "ooh, let's hang here tonight" list.  Props for looking like a cool spot to frequent, but tsk tsk for not following through. Infused sake was tasty, but...
1. rice ball huge, but flavor lumped in 1 spot. inedible towards end
2. only 1 hot sake? weirdos
3. Asians playing American 60's music?  mehWe were craving ramen and ramen with live music (supposedly Edith Piaf's accordionist according to the Yelp description!). We had a bowl of ramen and chicken karaage. 
The ramen broth wasn't very milky or brothy but the noodles and the amount of meat was appreciated. It was savory.
The chicken karaage was delicious. Fried, oily, greasy--everything you expected.This is the perfect late night place for japanese small plates!   Love the grilled tiny fish, the toro chips, the squid balls, lycheetini. You can get a the little japanese tapas that you can't get at the sushi restaurants.  Great atmosphere, and usually they have a great DJ.Thank You Thank You Thank You!
For satisfying my late night craving for ramen (which is all that I ate there). I had to ditch my buddies and hustle over to get there before 2:00, and the kitchen was still cooking! It was like a Christmas miracle =]]
Honestly, I was surprised that it was so good, delicious tender cha-shu pork and tasty miso broth, comparable to some of the best places in my home of Socal, (which is saying a lot). Nice to have an authentic Japanese izakaya right there by the Quarter, lucky find!Very chill. 
I've never had so much cha su on my ramen, but it was a surprisingly decent late night ramen along with some lovely music and some crazy godzilla flick projected onto the wall above the bar.
good selection of Japanese alcohol.
GO!! and hang out.Service a bit slow, but the food surprised me. Not a fan of Japanese food, but this was the exception. Fried chicken was my favorite, with the dumplings coming in 2nd. Live jazz was unexpected. Even though we were on Frenchman st., I didn't anticipate live music here. A lot of other places on Frenchman require reservations. If you're in need of a nice dinner without a long wait, give this place a try.Tiny, dark, swell. Stopped in for a beer and the ginger-infused sake, sipped while watching old AstroBoy anime and listening to a small combo (singer, keyboard, bass). That night all their tips went to Japan earthquake/tsunami relief.The place is like a dive bar almost. Dark and sit wherever there is seating, heck be friendly and sit with another group at their table. Both the customers and staff are friendly here and there's nice local live music most nights if not every night. 
Service can be a bit slow to get your order in at times, but the food does come out as expected after you order. Things seem to be cooked to order and comes out FRESH! The food isn't Japane Sushi, though there are a few items on the menu that are raw. The Ramen soup is great!So I've just finished dinner on Frenchman street with a buddy from Japan and I, reminiscing about old times, were talking about how, were we in Japan, it would be time to go to the izakaya and have a couple drinks. 
'Too bad there isn't anything like that around here', I remarked, and as I did, I looked up and saw a shining white sign: 
And then there was much rejoicing. 
And then there was live music.
And there was shochu.I have been here twice, once with my boyfriend for carryout and sake at the bar, and once with a large-ish group for dinner. My boyfriend has a bit of experience with Japanese gastropubs, and claims this fare is the closest he's tasted outside of Japan. I also learned that the red streaming sun flag they display is Japan's war-time flag, something outlawed by the US (as well as their standing army) after World War Two. 
Here is also where the boyfriend was able to order the delicious Hitachino white ale,(Witbier style, the brewery says) aka the Nest Beer, in a frosted glass.
I love the ramen options, and though the waitresses may or may not be able to answer questions about the origins of Japanese tapas, they are consistently friendly, a dark pocket of patience in the middle of the sometimes-chaotic Frenchmen scene. 
Amberjack yellowtail is the fish I believe my mom tried and loved it. Can't wait to try infused sake!  I find it particularly fun to read a book like Ruth Ozeki's _Tale for the Time Being_ and then bop in here. 
You might have to wait for the restroom a bit longer than usual if a drunk wanderer sneaks in to hang out in it (without dining).I cannot believe all these great reviews. This place was a joke. Not sure if I came on an "off" night but my experience was not great.
I came to Yuki for the ramen. After I ordered the server told me that they were out of the pork belly that came in the ramen. I was disappointed but I rolled with it and just ordered the ramen without it. I also ordered some takoyaki.
The takoyaki came out first. Now, I've had takoyaki at a few dozen restaurants around the country and this by far was the absolute worst! What came out was a soupy plate of mush balls. Even though it looked terrible I proceeded to try it. Big mistake.  It's as if the takoyaki were microwaved. They weren't crisp on the outside and soft on the inside as they should have been. Instead, they were complete mush filled blobs filled with super firm, barely chewable octopus. In addition, they were swimming in a sea of sauce. Needless to say I promptly returned them. 
Next, I received a sad looking bowl ramen with seaweed, green onions and hard boiled egg. Let me say that this was a very expensive cup o noodles. That's pretty much what it tasted like. 
When I received the bill I was quite surprised that I was charged full price for the ramen since one of the main (and most expensive) ingredients was omitted. I brought it to the attention of the server and she said that it would be the same price because they gave me an extra egg. My question to her was "what extra egg? I didn't get an extra egg". 
After going back and forth with the server, she was eventually able to get her manager to give us $2.00 off. 
Again, maybe I came on an " off" night but I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.Man can't believe this place is really closing y'all. They're officially closing on Halloween of this year (2016). I'm glad i got try their Onigiri. They're the only ones that I know of, that serve it on their menu, because I'm positive that any japanese sushi chef can make these, but not everyone knows what onigiri is and are missing out on it. Yuki's got great items and it sucks to know they're closing. Both onigiri Ume and Taiko are good. They're Takoyaki is amazing, btw, so if you guys are partying in Frenchmen street Halloween weekend, be sure to hit up Yuki's and try their food or order all the food you ever loved here before they shut down for good.YAY Yuki!!! Best music ever! So much fun to drop Saki bombs and tear up the little dance floor. Frenchman street is so cool I hope other tourists never hear about it. We didn't even make it to any other bar on the street. We kept trying to go to other places but kept going back because of the music. Yuki, the owner is behind the bar kickin it with her chick bartenders. She's cool as shit. The DJ is called Montague, like Romeo and Juliet. He plays the craziest Latin, middle eastern, Japanese and even show tunes that get you hoppin. Plus the decor is totally ethnic and kitchy - you could see this place any other major city but I'm glad its in NOLA.
We went here twice in 3 weeks, it was just that good.Cool alternative dive bar on frenchmen. pretty cool.  not sure if they have live music or not.  i would go back for a drink anytime.  not sure if you could make an entire night there though.  why not stop in for a drink though?if you're not from NOLA, you can get sick of po boys and jumbalaya pretty fast.  If you're asian, it's even worse 'cause you go through withdrawals if you don't get a rice fix for a couple of days.  Yuki is an oasis in a gumbo desert.  legit ramen and udon and order the beef tounge and croquettes.  place is small. 
only minus is that there was only one server for the whole place.  she was waiting tables and the bartender.  if it's empty it's not a problem but peace out if there's a band playing and the bar is full.
good sake menu if you want to get f*cked upQuirky, Quirky, Quirky! Full on Japanese food, subtitled movies silently playing on the wall, Flag of Japan, an abundance of good luck golden cats, full sake & ramen menu and live French music. Say whattttt?! Talk about a fabulous evening after hitting up dba for a show across the street. It was after Jazz Fest and totally packed. I looked on Yelp and saw decent reviews and we popped on in! So ever happy we did. We sat at the bar and had a fantastic view to the two French musicians. Totally music swoon! We ordered these fried potato balls with a sweet sauce which were pillows of goodness. We devoured them and I was wishing I had like 2 more. We also ordered a bowl of fried tofu which was very tasty. Those were definitely the hits. The only miss but it was probably my miss on interpretation was a ramen bowl I ordered with pork belly and an add on egg. Not thinking, the pork belly cooks in the broth so  it's not like typical pork belly I love which is rendered fat and caramelized goodness.  This instead was a meat cooked in broth and boring to me. Also the egg was hard boiled. I was expecting a soft boiled at the least like I have had before. The broth and noodles were tasty however. 
2 lychee Martinis, dinner and a great evening of music and it was priced just right.Yuki is my favorite hole in the wall on Frenchmen. It's one of my favorite Japanese restaurants ever because it's one of the few that I feel like I could almost be transported to an alleyway in Japan and still fit in. Never having been to Japan I can pretend this is true.
They have a ton of food variety, and they're things you don't find in sushi joints, which all seem to read from the same script. And vice versa; this is not sushi, so don't come looking for rolls here (there is, however, some sashimi). It's a pub, with Japanese pub food. They often squeeze in live music, which seems impossible given how small it is. They have a ton of drinks, including shochu, again a thing you can't find often enough in sushi joints, and Japanese whiskeys, sake, beers, etc.
It's not fancy, but it's solid if you just feel like having food on Frenchmen that isn't too heavy. There are some vegetarian options, and lots for seafood eaters. There are also accessible things for the unadventurous.WOW!!!
You want to talk about a Japanese restaurant in New Orleans that just gets it?
Yuki's is the place. Yuki is HOT.She gets it and her place is just what New Orleans needs.
Keep in mind that her place is NOT a traditional sushi bar, but rather more of an Izakaya.  For those not familiar, an Izakaya is a kind of drinking establishment that many Japanese business men go to for drinks (Like Sake and Shochu). And obviously, since they are drinking, they need little finger foods to eat to compensate for the drinking, so its like a little Japanese tapas place with Yakatori and other small plate/skewer things.
Yuki just NAILED IT!!
If I had to classify restaurants byt type and status - If I said best Japanese place in NOLA I would vote Yuki. If I was more specific and said best Sushi place in NOLA I would STILL rank Yuki 2nd - She is that good!The staff was very friendly. Food was overall ok.
-Loved the Sho Chiku Ginjo Junmai sake ($16).
-The ramen ($9) was very tasty -- a simple, clean, bright broth with al dente noodles. --The pork was seasoned well and a good ratio of fat to meat.
-The karaage ($7) was good, fried nicely and not overly greasy.
-The takoyaki ($8) was ok, too mushy and the octopus pieces were overcooked.
-The takowasa ($4) is a good deal. Lots of octopus but way too much wasabi. If they lightened up on it, it would be perfect.
The music was not good, and yes, they add $0.50 per item you order to cover the band.
Overall, if you need some Asian food, this is a good place to fill that craving.This place has a very nice vibe to it. Although it's a bit small inside, Yuki has a lot of character. It's definitely a nice place to catch up with friends and have a few drinks. Went to check this place out on a Saturday night and it was somewhat busy. Our waitress Susan was wonderful & very helpful in helping us decide on what to eat and drink! S/O to her :) Overall very nice atmosphere and must I say YUMMY ramen!! Bummed that we couldn't try the octopus dumplings since it they were out of it.. definitely will try it next time!Laid back haven of Frenchman Street tranquility (but then it was a Wednesday).
I ate Udon Don that will probably be my personal definition of good Udon Don for the rest of my life.This place is super funky. A total hole in the wall with 4 tables, alarming loud music and a small eclectic menu with bizarre silent film projected on wall. It's something I would envision from a Mirikami novel. Menu is not sushi! But it does offer some  really unique japenese bar food. My husband and I each had kimchi ramen and I was pleasantly surprised. Delicious actually. Spicy tuna tataki ehh, nothing special. We also had fries with wasabi mayo, despite calling them just above average I managed to devour them. Such a nice change of pace from typical southern cuisine.
As for atmosphere. Good for drinking and making out (as table next to us displayed). I had to leave as soon as meal was finished because music was reverberating my intestines and I couldn't speak to my friends. I would definitely come back to try some more items on menu but probably not at 11 pm.I visited Yuki Izakaya 2007 Thanksgiving weekend.
I took a pic at the bath room. The wall in a bath room was posted by Japanese old cinema posters which most of them were Yakuza movies and porn style movies. It was very cool.
I didn't expected to see these at a little bar in New Orleans.
I was happy to drink Japanese shochu and dishes.
I was visiting from NY and I'm originally from Japan. I've lived in NY now. There are many izakaya style bars and resutaurants in NY.
But the place was hot!!!
Wow!3.5-star food, 4-star drinks, and a 5-star atmosphere.  After being unable to score reservations at a number of restaurants on our list, my friends and I decided to give YI a try after finding it on Yelp!  I was a little hesitant to "waste" a NOLA meal on Japanese when I can get Japanese at home, however I'm glad we stumbled upon it because this little eclectic Japanese restaurant and bar is like nothing I've experienced before.
Like others have said, walking into YI is like walking into a kill bill movie.  Pull open the large, colorful doors and you will be immersed in a dimly lit bar with live music filling the room and Japanese movies projected in the background.  Very, very cool.
My friends and I shared some appetizers:
-fried tofu: lightly fried tofu in a soy sauce type of sauce.  A little chewy, but overall a light appetizer to start off with.
-chicken karage: 5 large pieces of lightly fried chicken pieces and two dipping sauces.  Very good and gives McDonald's McNuggets a run for their money! (I love mcds McNuggets btw)
-fries: meh, nothing special.  I wish I tried the curry fries instead.
-fish cheek: those unfamiliar with fish cheek, it's the most tender, buttery part of a fish you will lay your teeth into.  Give it a try, but be warned that digging out the meat and separating the bones requires a bit of effort, but all great things come to those who work for them!!
For my entree, ordered the chashu ramen with an egg for an extra buck.  The ramen wasn't anything out of this world, and the egg was more well done than I typically care for in my ramen. 
I also got the shoju with green tea, which was refreshing and not overly sweet.  I'm a fan!
Overall YI is a fun place to enjoy live music and the eclectic atmosphere while getting your eat and drink on.  I'm glad we ended up stopping in as we were treated to a unique experience fusing Japanese food, New Orleans energy, and French/Cajun inspired music.At first I was mad when I said I wanted sushi and my friend suggested this place and I opened the menu to see, big as day, "we don't serve sushi or sushi rolls."  Once the food started coming out, I got over it. 
The tuna salad is the only thing I've ever had that rivals kyoto's poke salad (one of my favorite things in all of Nola). It was ridiculous. The Kimchee was PERFECT; save the sauce to dip the octopus dumplings in, they definitely need a little spice. Salmon carpaccio & pork belly ramen were both incredible. Wasn't floored by the crabmeat shumai (I feel like the frozen kind at Costco taste just as good); and the French fries with wasabi mayo were just fun. 
Three of us split everything; it was perfect. 
The service leaves a whole lot to be desired. We were so ready to get out of there when we finally got our bill, we didn't check to see if they had actually added 50 cents to every item to pay the band, like the small sign on the bar mirror said. Surprise! (The "band", btw, was a VERY loud accordian and keyboard. It was weird)
I was really annoyed with the service, but I'll go back. The food was so interesting and delicious.I loved the onigiri and the unagi. Sad to see the place goVisited Frenchman on a Saturday and we came here because there was no cover and saw that there'd be live music in a few minutes at 7 and DJ spinning "japanese electronica" at 10.  
You probably won't find many places like this in N.O..  Me and my gal had already had dinner and were looking to drink.  They have a decent list of sakes and other japanese drinks and beers.  They also have tapas style food served on small plates, but like I said, we weren't hungry.  
The drinks are pricey.  We finally decided on a $15 300ml bottle of sake.  Unfortunately, they were out.  We got a different bottle for the same price but which sounded less appetizing.  And it was.  Then we got another bottle of sake, this time the cheap carbonated one.  It was a 250ml bottle for $12 and tasted great but I was rather disheartened when I read that the alcoholic content was 7%.  
After that quick bottle I felt really sober.  And I was, we'd already dropped $30+ and weren't even buzzed.  I started buying $5 sapporo drafts (tied for cheapest drafts they have), which were good, but after I had three and she had two and somewhere along the way I'd broken down and ordered the "seasoned octopus with wasabi" (ugh, slimy canned octopus) we'd spent over $60 with tips and were just barely scraping a buzz along.  
There were a couple reasons why we stayed there for as long as we did.  One, there was a cool black and white japanese movie being played on the top corner of a brick wall.  Two, Fi Yi Yi, the drum circle band played most of the time that we were there, which was cool, but we really wanted to hear the DJ spin jap-electronica and dance but we ran out of funds and left.  Not sure if he ever showed up.
In a way, I feel like Yukis takes advantage of their uniqueness.  Sake isn't the cheapest way to drink, especially at a bar.  It's just like buying wine at bars and restaurants, and beer for that matter; obviously it's going to cost more.  Yuki's just didn't have any reasonably good sounding cheap options.  Except maybe the one they were out of.  And then their beer is expensive as well.  I just can't warrant that kind of expense for half of a mediocre buzz.  Maybe they think that because they have food they can charge restaurant prices for booze.  Or maybe that's just Frenchman St. for you.  I don't know yet, I'm new here.  
Left at midnight and went home feeling too sober and broke.  And my bum hurt because those red stools are uncomfortable.
Will I be back?  Probably, because I don't learn well from my mistakes.  That and I like sake and Japanese kietsch.  Next time I'll just make sure I'm drunk first.Cozy izakaya type space, probably one of the only ones of its kind in NOLA. And by cozy I mean downright cramped. Heck, with the band playing, the drummer was scrunched into a corner and the woodwind and brass players were standing next to the front door. But the selection of food and drink is nice and a good change of pace from endless fried or steamed seafood. At least as far as what we saw on the menu. In practice, we ordered a takowasa (octopus marinated in wasabi) and an order of gyoza. The takowasa was very old as I'd imagine few here are adventurous enough to get it, and tasted fishy, and the gyoza were unexpectedly vegetarian as well as quite greasy.
Still, it seems like an earnestly run place, and the only one of its kind, so I'm just gonna have to support it with a 4 star!Holy ramen fish balls. This place was a freaking miracle to find in downtown New Orleans.. . My friend and I seek out ramen on the regs, and as we were passing through NOLA on a road trip decided to give them a try based on two things. One being ramen on their menu and two being their gnarly Japanese tavern name, aka, izakaya.
I can vouch for the Veggie Gyoza, Karaage (fried chicken) and Ramen. Each one was delicious enough that I would be willing to karaoke any horrible Celine Dion song if requested in exchange for another meal with Yuki. Seriously. My heart will absolutely not go on. 
Now that I've laid down all the fluff and kind words, there are a few things that really irked me. 1. No toilet paper OR paper towels in the bathroom at around 630pm when they JUST opened. Bad form, Yuki. Bad form. 2. Ok, there really isn't a 2, but number 1 was enough to compel me to knock them down a star.Having been irritated by the garbage bar across the street, I stopped into Yuki. I wanted to try some sake and maybe grab some Japanese fare. Upon entering, some hipster girl with an okay voice was singing folk songs and strumming a guitar. In retrospect, I really don't think she could even play but it made her look legit. The dining area which I would estimate to be 6 X 6 feet was filled. No food for me I guess. The sake was nothing special. Fans of the folk girl were sitting on the floor near the bar so even getting a drink was difficult. You had to step over them. (Fire code violation? Anyone?) Interior was kinda cool. Exposed brick and red light. Finished my sake and left underwhelmed.Who knew this little Japanese bar was tucked away around Frenchmen Street?! The small, cramped interior, dim lighting, DJ spinning, silent Japanese movie projected onto the wall, random Japanese wall decor, and a line-up of Asian fortune kitties at the bar, all contribute to the spunky and intriguing character of this bar.  It was the perfect place to grab some late night eats and drinks! We had the sweetest waitress who was ever so attentive and friendly, despite the busy night! 
I had the lychee tini and it was delicious as it should be. The salmon sashimi was a pleasing appetizer and tasted fresh and fatty- just the way I like it. I ordered the chashu ramen with braised pork belly and egg, which had a very flavorful broth that wasn't overly salty. The pork belly was tender and tasty. I was surprised to discover that legit ramen does exist in New Orleans! I didn't get a chance to try their infused sake or beers, but other patrons seemed to love chugging down their sake bombs!
Give this unique Japanese bar a try the next time you find yourself wandering around Frenchmen Street. You'll enjoy this funky-tastic place as much as I did!Came down to visit my girlfried a month ago, right after the hurricane. We were looking for a nice live music venue after dinner to close out the visit and walked by. The door was opened and they had a female band playing and singing 1920s style jap/american rock music. Imagine the kill bill scene at the japanese restaurant with the female rock group singing. They also had a sumo match playing in the background. 
It was really cool, they had a local jazz singer going up, it felt really organic as if they were all friends there to hang out and play. It was a small venue, for those in NYC it reminded me of Decibal sake bar and Hagi. Half way through there was a girl that dropped by, and played a mean harmonica! It was overall really, fun, had alot of energy and one of those unexpected memorable spontaneous moments that you look for while wandering about in a new city. 
Cant say much for the food, but with good company, music and sake, i sat back and enjoyed the night.In short, Mediocre food, TERRIBLE service.
Came in town for Pittcon, and after a whole afternoon of setting up the booth, I was ready for some decent food. But this place disappointed me....
Upon walking in, nobody greeted me. Then the waitress took my order wrong, didn't get a glass of water until I asked for it after sitting down for 10 min. Waitress was rude and bumped into my chair multiple times, no apologies whatsoever! If you want to be in a good mood while eating, go elsewhere!This is, hands down, my favorite place to eat in the city of New Orleans. I love the authentic food (they have the best takoyaki I have had outside of Tokyo), solid service, a wonderful atmosphere and late hours. I love that one of my favorite films is always playing on the wall, I love that the owner sometimes joins the band and sings, I love the French accordion player, and I love $12 bottles of nigori. If you love Japanese food, just go. Have something other than sushi once in a while (which is barely authentic the way its served in the US anyway)!Great find on Frenchman street. My girlfriend and I were strolling around, looking for some food to eat when I realized there was a real Japanese Izakaya. I used to live in Japan, so I was pretty excited to see if they had some of my favorites.
The imperialistic Japanese flags included, this place is pretty kitschy. But it's kinda fun too. Had hokke (grilled fish), maguro-natto (basically, raw tuna with fermented soybeans. It smells bad for some people, but I like it), and tako-wasa (raw octopus with wasabi), among others. All were good, but not great. Octopus balls were not terribly memorable.
They also have a fairly wide selection of Japanese beers, although their sake list could use some help, but then again, it's a tavern, not some super fancy joint.
Service is good when it's not as busy, but when it gets busy it can be hard to flag down a bartender or waitress. Prices are above average. I'd go back, more for the vibe than the food.Living in New Orleans doesn't necessarily mean you know where to eat in New Orleans. This is what I came to find out when asking my local relatives on a place for us to go to dinner. 
Yelp to the rescue & I picked Yuki Izakaya. I love izakayas for their laid back, no frills atmosphere & great food. Yuki plays pornographic Japanese films on the brick wall. That's as no frills as you can get I suppose. They also have the great food. 
I tried the ramen that everyone raved about . To me, it was just ramen. I can see the appeal from the broth though. I wanted to get the tako yaki but they were sold out. The salmon tataki was a bit on the dry side. The curry fries were delish. 
Please don't come here & expect sushi. They don't serve sushi. In fact, it's listed in bold letters on the front of the menu in case people want to leave. There was a Jazzy band that night with a pushy member who pretty much demanded our table for tips. That's Yuki's missing 5th star. Also the parking in the area is awful but to be expected. 
If I lived in NOLA, I'd be a frequent flyer.