Aarhus (also written Århus and pronounced Oar-Hoos) is the main city on the Jutland peninsula in Denmark. "City of Cafés" is a moniker the city wears with pride: its roster of coffeeshops exemplifies Aarhus' elegant mix of cosmopolitan city life and quaint small-town charm. With a population of almost 350,000 in 2020, it is Denmark's second largest city and has the youngest population.
Aarhus skyline with ARoS Art Museum and the landmark clock tower of Aarhus City Hall.
Aarhus is known as "The City of Smiles" (Danish: Smilets By). This slogan probably started as publicity to improve the city's image, but it has nevertheless caught on.
Being a university city and centre of education, Aarhus has a large student population and one of the lowest median ages of any city in Europe. The cultural scene here is always thriving. For years, Aarhus has been an incubator for Danish artists and performers. It is also home to Aarhus Festuge, Scandinavia's largest cultural festival, held annually for 10 days at the end of August. In addition, Aarhus, along with the East Jutland Metropolitan area for which it serves as the central hub, is the fastest-growing area in Denmark in terms of population. There is a huge building boom taking place with new high-rises sprouting like mushrooms on the skyline. Little wonder, then, that Aarhus was selected as 2017's European Capital of Culture, with a full slate of events on tap all year throughout the entire city and region.
Aarhus City is the central district and the most active area of the city with several interesting and special neighbourhoods, including these:
Indre by (Inner City) is the old medieval core of the city which used to be walled and gated up until 1857. A large part of the inner city is pedestrianized. The Latin Quarter is a small special quarter with cobblestone streets, low-rise buildings and old townhouses that has been preserved.
Vesterbro, situated north and west of Indre by, is mostly a residential area. However, you'll find several major attractions including the Botanical Gardens, the Old Town museum and the main university campus.
Øgade-kvarteret is a residential quarter immediately northwest of the Latin Quarter and also presents a unique town environment with lowrise buildings and colourful townhouses, mostly from around the 1850s-1920s. Most of the streets of the quarter are named after Danish islands.
Aarhus Ø is a new residential neighbourhood on the harbourfront.
Trøjborg is located north of the inner city and is like a small town within the city. The area was developed in the early 1900s with mostly four- or five-storey apartment blocks in brick. It used to be a working class neighbourhood. It is a somewhat quiet residential quarter but also includes a central shopping street with restaurants and a cinema.
Frederiksbjerg is another quarter with its own charm and character. Located immediately south of the broad railway yard in the city centre, this area was developed primarily in the late 1800s and most of the original buildings have been preserved. It is a lovely mix of bustling street life, restaurants, specialty shops, small businesses and residential areas. Mostly low-rise buildings and townhouses, with several small parks in between.
Aarhus Nord (Aarhus North) is a large postal district comprising the northern parts of the city. It is made up mostly of quiet residential neighbourhoods, but boasts natural attractions such as the Risskov urban forest, Egå Engsø lake area, and some beach parks. The district is also home to several educational institutions, a large business park, an industrial park with light industry, and a huge regional hospital. Some of the neighbourhoods in Aarhus N, like Skejby and Vejlby, are former suburban villages that have merged with the city.
Aarhus Vest (Aarhus West) is perhaps the largest postal district and includes all the western neighbourhoods of the city. Most of it is residential areas of more recent development, but some neighbourhoods, like Åby and Hasle, are former suburban villages or outlying farms that have merged with the city. There are several natural attractions in this large area, including the Brabrand Lake area and the nature site of Skjoldhøjkilen, and many opportunities for sports.
Viby (officially Viby J, with J for Jutland) is a former railway town that has merged with the expanding city. It is sometimes unofficially referred to as Aarhus S (Aarhus South) along with Højbjerg, Skåde and Holme, three adjacent districts and neighbourhoods. There is some activity around the central square of Viby Torv, but otherwise these southern parts of town are predominantly residential. Marselisborg Forests and the Moesgaard Museum are the two most important attractions here.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmSource:w:Aarhus#Climate
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
As the seasons change, the character of Aarhus changes accordingly. In winter, outdoor activities are limited and this is primarily a time for the indoors. It is unusual for everything to be covered in metre- thick layers of snow and the temperatures are not excruciating cold normally, but daylight hours are limited, the trees stand bare, and the skies are often depressingly grey. While the city is still full of people, the outdoor street life is uninspiring for most visitors, except for the Christmas period of December. At this time, the city centre is decorated, and as Christmas approaches, more street vendors sell sweet treats and comfort food such as æbleskiver, pancakes, mulled wine, and sugar-glazed almonds.
Starting in Apr-May and ending with Oct-Nov, the city has more to offer. The beech trees burst into leaves around the first of May, and daylight hours and temperatures increase rapidly throughout this month. Having waited for this, citizens are quick to fill the parks and green spaces; street life shows much more intensity and diversity, and several outdoor events take place. However, Aarhus, as the rest of Denmark, is almost closed down with empty streets during Easter.
Major attractions in Aarhus are open throughout the summer, but quite a few restaurants are closed for several weeks, though not all at once; there are still plenty of opportunities. However, if you plan to visit a specific eatery, confirm their hours beforehand. In July and August, many residents leave the city or travel abroad. University students have time off from their studies and many visit family in other cities, work elsewhere, or travel. Working people have five weeks of paid vacation and nearly everybody spends some of it during this season. For these reasons, the city centre can appear deserted in mid-July to early August and chances are that you will encounter more visitors than residents. It would therefore be a good idea to combine a visit to Aarhus with excursions to nearby countryside and attractions in the height of summer. From mid-August, things start to happen again in the city as residents return. It is still summer and soon time for the annual Aarhus Fest.
Through September, the temperatures begin to cool and it gets windier, but there are still many daylight hours in the day and the weather is usually fine. From October the leaves on the trees start to turn yellow and red, and any trace of summer ends with the onset of November. September and October are also a good time to visit if you want to include outdoor and nature experiences to your trip, just bring more warm clothing. October and parts of November is a particularly beautiful time of year in the city parks and forests with all the vibrant colours of autumn.
As most other places in Denmark, the official tourist website of Aarhus is managed by VisitDenmark, a public-private partnership with free tourist services. The Aarhus website is called VisitAarhus.
The main office for tourist information in the city is in the Dokk1 library building at the harbour front. Ask the staff at the information desk and they will help you. In the summer, extra staff servicing tourists specifically are there to help. There is also a touchscreen available with interactive tourist information about the city, and a plethora of free inspirational and informative pamphlets about notable sights and happenings in the region.
Many Danes can be reserved towards strangers, but friendly towards tourists, and will normally be happy to give you directions and advice in good English. As Aarhus is a big city, it will hardly be a problem getting help or directions in near-fluent English.
Arriving at the Aarhus Central Station.
Aarhus Central Station. Trains run once or twice an hour from Copenhagen (København) to Aarhus and take about four hours. The standard adult fare is kr 469, with an additional kr 30 to reserve a seat. 25% discounts are available for persons 16-25 years old, or older than 65 years. You can get significant discounts by buying Orange Tickets well in advance of departure or outside peak hours. Details on DSB's homepage. (updated Mar 2024)
It is also possible to catch a train to other parts of the Jutland peninsula from Aarhus. There are trains going north to Aalborg twice an hour most days and going west to Skjern or Struer once an hour. Trains from Hamburg arrive several times a day (with a change of trains in Kolding). If you book about two months before travelling, you can buy one of the few tickets for €30 (called "Europa-Sparpreis"). For more information check out the website of the German national railway company DB
DSB introduced a mandatory reservation on trains to and from Germany in July 2019. Even though Denmark is in the Schengen area, passports are being checked by customs at entry points.
Tickets used in trains are also usable in buses, and if you are travelling from Copenhagen, you can use your ticket for the rest of the day to get around Aarhus at no extra expense.
The Katexpress 1 is one of two high-speed catamarans ferrying passengers and cars for Mols Linien.
Buses have become an attractive way of travelling between Aarhus and Copenhagen, due to their significantly lower prices. An inter-city bus takes roughly an hour longer than an equivalent express train, but the fares are typically between 40% (standard tickets) and 90% (the cheapest Saver tickets) lower than full-price train tickets.
Flixbus. From Copenhagen, Odense, Aalborg and other towns in Denmark. International connections include Amsterdam, Berlin, and Hamburg. (updated Jun 2021)
Kombardo Expressen. Direct to Copenhagen via the ferry. (updated May 2019)
Fleet. A long-distance bus company owned by Vikingbus. Has a route between Aarhus and Copenhagen with stops in Middelfart and Odense on the way. (updated Mar 2024)
Mols Linjen. Ferry to Odden the northwest coast of Zealand. Significant discounts by booking your tickets days in advance. Public transport connections to and from Odden are not very good, unless you are using Kombardo Expressen (direct bus via the ferry between Aarhus and Copenhagen). Arriving by ferry in Aarhus without a car also leaves you a bit stranded since there is no public transport to and from the new dock; the city centre is a 4-km walk. (updated Mar 2024)
M/F Lilleøre. A small catamaran ferry (no vehicles except bicycles), M/F Lilleøre, connects the center of Aarhus with the island Samsø. The ferry docks at Dokk1 in Aarhus and in Sælvig on Samsø. (updated Nov 2021)
Aarhus Airport (AAR IATA). Aarhus Airport is rather small, but it is served by several major European airlines nonetheless. Flights from London Stansted Airport are offered also by the low-cost airline Ryanair. Located approximately a 45-minute bus-ride away from the city, 925X Airport buses arrive and depart from Banegårdspladsen at the central station. Tickets are sold on the bus and one-way tickets costs kr 115 (children kr 80). Accepted currencies (only bills) are: Danish kroner, U.S. dollars, pounds sterling, Swiss francs, euros, Swedish and Norwegian kroner. Major credit cards are also accepted. By taxi you should expect to pay about kr 650 to reach the city centre. (updated Nov 2021)
Billund Airport (BLL IATA). This airport offers many flight connections and is approximately a 90-minute bus-ride away. 912X Airport buses arrive and leave from Aarhus Rutebilstation (the central bus station) and drive via Banegårdspladsen at the central station. Tickets are sold on the bus and one-way tickets costs kr 162. Accepted currencies are Danish kroner and euro. Credit cards are also accepted. (updated Nov 2019)
Nordic Seaplanes, Østhavnsvej 37, 8000 Aarhus C, ☏ +45 70 20 00 60, fly@seaplanes.dk. Seaplane connection from Copenhagen (40 - 50 min). Normal ticket kr 1,897 (incl. hand luggage), however prices vary depending on the time of day. Mid-day departures are often a little cheaper. Mostly used by business travelers. Also offers sightseeing tours over Aarhus, kr 697 (June - August). Major credit cards are accepted. (updated May 2019)
The entire city is clean and well organized, which makes walking an excellent and enjoyable way to get around. The inner city has an extensive pedestrian zone, and almost every town road in Denmark has sidewalks. If you want to venture further out, several routes have been established for exercise and for leisurely strolls. Known as "sunbeams", they avoid heavily trafficked roads and includes nature experiences.
Bicycles are easily available for rent in the central parts of town. In addition to the listings below some hotels have bikes available for rental by their guests.
Even though Denmark is very flat generally, Aarhus has some of the steepest roads in the country and they can be quite a challenge if you aren't used to ride a bicycle. However, most roads are a breeze and on longer rides, you can usually plan your route to avoid the hardest ascends if you fear the "Aarhusian Alps".
The inner city of Aarhus has a network of bicycle streets (Danish: Cykelgader) where priority is given to cyclists. Here bicycles can use the entire lane and cars are not supposed to drive faster than normal cycling speed. However not all drivers respect these rules (perhaps because they are unaware of them), so you should still watch out for car traffic.
Donkey Republic. Offers bicycles to be picked up around the clock at several street spots, including a pick-up spot outside the central station. The bicycles are readily identified by their bright orange colour and they are paid for through a smartphone app. (updated May 2022)
Cycling Aarhus, Frederiksgade 78. Rental bikes and also offer guided bike tours of the city. (updated May 2022)
Rent & Ride, Krabbesholms Allé 7, DK-8260 Viby J, ☏ +45 22 79 80 98, info@rentandride.dk. Mountain bike rental. kr 299 per day. (updated May 2022)y
Friis Cykler, Jens Baggesens Vej 86, DK-8200 Aarhus N, ☏ +45 86 16 65 05, brianfriis@godmail.dk. Bike shop with a selection of rental bikes. kr 60 per day. (updated May 2022)
Cykel-udlejning.dk, Hørretløkken 50, DK-8320 Mårslet, ☏ +45 60 54 90 12, kontakt.funonwheels@gmail.com. Mountain bikes and road bikes. kr 349 per day. (updated May 2022)
A stylized map of the Light Rail System including planned extensions and mainline rail lines for reference
The electric light rail system "Aarhus Letbane" opened its first line in late 2017, as the first rail system of its kind in Denmark, and is bound for further expansions into the suburbs in coming years.
Tickets can be purchased with credit cards at electronic stands on selected stops, and the tickets are fully compatible with the local yellow bus system (and vice versa). Tickets cannot be purchased aboard the light rail train. Bicycles can be brought along for an extra fee, although not on the inner city stretch "Skolebakken - Universitetshospitalet" during weekday mornings and afternoon rush hour periods (07:00-09:00 and 15:00-17:00). The train schedules, important info, and the zoning system can be checked at the Letbanen website.
Yellow buses operate local routes in the city
There are two bus systems in Aarhus, both operated by Midttrafik. Yellow buses serve local routes within the city limits, and Blue buses serve municipal and regional routes. The blue bus routes pass through the inner city, so if you have to go on longer journeys, you do not have to change between the two systems. X-buses are express blue buses, discernible by a large X sign. X-buses make fewer stops, are equipped with free Wifi, usually have toilets and you are allowed to eat and drink. All blue buses have limited cargo space for heavy luggage, bicycles, etc., that you can use if you inform the chauffeur. You can enter the yellow city buses using all doors. On the blue regional buses entrance is at the front door only (with some exceptions, such as the 200 and 100).
Blue buses drive through the inner city, but operate long-distance regional routes
Tickets are preferably purchased in advance in the Midttrafik app or in the Midttrafik webshop. The app is free for download on App Store and Google Play. Here you can buy single tickets, multi trip ticket cards, and special tourist tickets for busses and Letbanen. As a special service, blue buses also offers the opportunity to buy a ticket with cash from the chauffeur. Tickets bought on blue buses (and trains) can also be used to ride the local yellow buses, but not necessarily the other way around. If you ride without a valid ticket, you risk getting fined heavily, so don't take chances.
Bus tickets for travel within the city limits are kr 22, or kr 11 if you are under 16 years of age. Up to two accompanied children (under 12 years) travel for free. Multi-trip ticket cards are also available (10-trips), varying in price depending on how far you want to go. Cheaper cards are also available for people under 16 years old. Finally, there are tickets that allow you to ride all you want for 30 days, with prices depending on how far you wish to travel. For planning trips, it is recommended to use Rejseplanen; the official travel planner website for all Danish public transport. It is also available as an app.
Night buses are extra buses and routes to and from the outlying districts and suburbs throughout the night. The fare is double the normal price.
In all of Denmark, train tickets can also be used to ride local bus lines, if you get on the bus within the time limit on your ticket.
Aarhus Taxa, ☏ +45 89 48 48 48. (updated Nov 2019)
Dantaxi Aarhus, ☏ +45 86 16 47 00. (updated May 2019)
Aarhus has very good public transit and in the inner city most sights are within walking distance of each other. A car is therefore really only needed if you want to explore the countryside. In addition, you will find that parking is restricted and rather expensive in Aarhus C. Free parking is scarce, except at a few places like Tangkrogen, in front of Ceres Park & Arena and at some shopping centres.
While traffic rarely comes to a complete standstill, the ring roads and inner city streets are often quite congested during rush hour. That being said, should you need a car while staying in Aarhus, there are several car rental companies with centrally located rental stations.
Remember to yield to cyclists. Aarhus is a hilly city and cyclists going downhill will often be approaching intersections at high speed.
There is a low emission zone in Aarhus; see Driving in Denmark#Low Emission Zones.
Many attractions and events in Aarhus are free, and there is an interesting street life, so even on a budget you can have an enjoyable experience.
With a history dating back to at least the 700s in the Viking Age, Aarhus holds many historic buildings, some of which are of national importance.
Aarhus Cathedral (1300) at the city centre.
Aarhus Viking Museum, Skt. Clemens Torv 6, ☏ +45 89 42 11 00. M-W F 10:00-16:00, Th 10:00-17:00. Small Viking museum located across from the cathedral in the basement of the Nordea Bank. The museum focuses on local history during the Viking Age and most of the displayed items were excavated on site. If you are interested in Viking Age history in general, visit the large Moesgaard Museum (MoMu) south of the city. 30 kr for adults.
Museum Aarhus. A permanent exhibition within the Old Town Museum opened in spring 2017. The museum displays Aarhus' history with a focus on the last 150 years, the period when it expanded from a small provincial port town to its current status of second-largest city.
Aarhus Domkirke (Aarhus Cathedral), Domkirkepladsen 2, ☏ +45 86 20 54 00. Daily May-Sep 09:30-16:00; Oct-Apr 10:00-15:00. The beautiful cathedral is more than 800 years old, and the longest and the tallest in Denmark. It took 100 years to build and it is the oldest building in the city, still standing. Concerts are sometimes arranged and the tower offers a good view. Behind the church is Aarhus Cathedral School, also with an 800-year history. Free (a fee for the tower).
Vor Frue Kirke (Church of Our Lady), Vestergade 21, ☏ +45 86 12 12 43. Medieval church with an interesting crypt church in the basement. The crypt church, built around 1060, is one of the oldest stone churches in Scandinavia. Through a door on the left inside the main church you can enter a former priory with an atrium garden. Free.
Apart from the old churches, the Latin Quarter in the city center has many historic houses in a preserved environment, just walk around the cobblestoned streets and have a look. There are many niche boutiques, cafés and restaurants.
Several professional guides arrange historic walks around town.
There are a lot of museums around Aarhus, and Denmark in general, but many of them are not museums in the ordinary sense, more like themed and interactive cultural centres. The three main museums in Aarhus are The Old Town museum, ARoS Art Museum and Moesgaard Museum.
Den Gamle By (The Old Town)
ARoS (Aarhus Art Museum), Aros Allé 2, ☏ +45 8 730 66 00. Tu-F 10:00-21:00; Sa Su 10:00-17:00. One of Denmark’s largest museums. Be sure to check out the '9 Spaces', a maze of black-walled galleries. A work by Icelandic-Danish artist Olafur Eliasson, "Your Rainbow Panorama", offers a splendid roof-top view of the city inside a circular walkway with rainbow-coloured windows. There is a café with dining options in the lounge area at the entrance level. Note that due to the construction of an extension, The Next Level, only the north entrance to the museum is open as of Apr 2023. kr 160 (adults), kr 130 (students and under 31), free for those under 18. (updated Apr 2023)
Den Gamle By (The Old Town), Viborgvej 2 (at the Botanical Gardens), ☏ +45 86 12 31 8. Open-air museum village comprising a collection of 75 original Danish buildings from 1597 to 1909, gathered from all corners of the country. There are historical shops and eateries, most true to the period. A few staff members and volunteers dressed up in historic clothes adds to the ambience, and sometimes events are arranged. You can buy a round-trip horse and carriage ride through the museum's cobblestone streets or through the outside park. A new addition to the complex showcase Danish town culture and buildings from the 20th century, including a bakery, several stores, a poster museum, and a jazz club. As well, for the European Capital of Culture celebration in 2017 the museum inaugurated new permanent exhibitions focusing on local history and classic Danish jewellery from the 20th century. After regular opening hours, you can still stroll the streets (free of charge), but there is no access to exhibitions and buildings. Be sure to also spend some time in the large surrounding Botanical Garden and the Greenhouses.. kr 190 (adults), kr 95 (students), children free. Botanical Garden and Greenhouses free. (updated Jun 2024)
Kunsthal Aarhus, J.M. Mørks Gade 13 (go to Mølleparken. Kunsthal Aarhus is across the river), ☏ +45 86 20 60 50, info@kunsthal.dk. Tu-Su 11:00-17:00; W 11:00-20:00. An arts centre promoting contemporary art. Built in 1917, it is one of the oldest arts centres in Europe. Nice café. Free. (updated Nov 2021)
KØN (Gender Museum Denmark), Domkirkepladsen 5 (next to the Cathedral), ☏ +45 86 18 64 70. Tu Th-Su 10:00-17:00; W 10:00-20:00. Residing in the old and former City Hall building beside the Aarhus Cathedral, this place focuses on the importance of gender in the past and today. KØN presents changing exhibitions on the cultural history of gender and possess a fair collection of historical stuff related to women. You can look through or buy publications on former exhibitions that you missed or general books related to the role of gender. Some titles are in English. KØN has a nice old-fashioned decorated café and on Sundays, lunch is included in the entry fee. kr 40.
Moesgaard Museum, Moesgård Allé 20, 8270 Højbjerg, ☏ +45 8739 4000, Info@moesgaardmuseum.dk. Tu-F 09:00-17:00; W till 21:00; Sa Su 09:00-19:00. Stupendous architecture: a vast prism of a building half-buried in a grassy hill. The central staircase provides an innovative route into human evolution and prehistory. The museum hosts large changing themed exhibitions from cultures around the world but is also a fantastic place to study Danish prehistory in particular. The main permanent attractions in this regard are an artificial reconstruction of a large Bronze Age roundbarrow that you can walk inside and two finds from the Nordic Iron Age: Grauballe Man, the only completely preserved bog body, and the impressive sacrifice of weapons from Illerup Ådal. The museum re-opened in the new building in October 2014. Excellent museum restaurant and café. The large historical landscape below the museum is also worth a visit, and is free and accessible year round. kr 180 (adults), kr 110 (students and over-65), free for children 17 and under. (updated Apr 2023)
Museum of Ancient Art (Antikmuseet), Victor Albecks Vej 3 (at the University Campus), ☏ +45 87 16 11 06. Su-Th 12:00-16:00. Operated by Aarhus University, the focus of the Museum of Ancient Art's collection falls on Classical-era artworks and artifacts from Ancient Greece, Rome, Egypt, the Near East, and elsewhere in the Mediterranean area. Their collection of Ancient Greek coins is one of the largest in Europe. Free. (updated Jul 2017)
Museum Ovartaci, Olof Palmes Allé 11 (take the light rail to Nehrus Allé in the northern district), ☏ +45 41 85 62 90, museum@ovartaci.dk. M-W & F 10:00-17:00, Th 10:00-20:00, Sa Su 12:00-17:00. An arts museum, displaying art created by psychiatric patients specifically. The museum has a special focus on its namesake artist Ovartaci, a transgender mental patient who lived at the city's former mental hospital in Risskov for 56 years until his/her death in 1985. Guided tours can be pre ordered and arranged. kr 95, free for those under 18. (updated Apr 2019)
Natural History Museum (Naturhistorisk Museum), Wilhelm Meyers Allé 210 (at the University Campus), ☏ +45 86 12 97 77, nm@nathist.dk. Daily 10:00-16:00; closed Dec 25-26 and Dec 31-Jan 1. Another museum brought to you by Aarhus University, the Natural History Museum's four fully wheelchair-accessible exhibition halls educate visitors on over 5,000 different animal species hailing from all over the world, displayed in reproductions of their natural habitats. kr 100, students kr 60, free for children (17 and under). (updated Nov 2021)
Occupation Museum (Besættelsesmuseet), Mathilde Fibigers Have 2 (behind the Gender Museum, in the same building complex), ☏ +45 86 18 42 77. Tu-Su 11:00-17:00 (last admittance is 16:00). Engaging permanent exhibition about life in Aarhus during the German occupation of Denmark during World War II. It was a period of rationing, black outs, bombs in the night and for some, resistance or collaboration. The museum resides in Aarhus' old former police station, which, in the later years of the war, served as Gestapo's headquarters; the dreaded security police of Nazi Germany. Book your time online, most guests spend about an hour at the exhibitions. Not accessible to wheelchairs.. 75 kr (free for people under 18). (updated Jul 2023)
Steno Museum (Steno Museet), C. F. Møllers Allé 2 (at the University Campus), ☏ +45 87 15 54 15. Tu-F 09:00-16:00 (opens at 10:00 Jun-Aug), Sa Su & public holidays 11:00-16:00. A science museum with a focus on medicine and astronomy, with a diversity of exhibits including (among many others) a planetarium, a medicinal herb garden, a Foucault's pendulum, and historic artifacts such as old X-ray machines and surgical equipment. Lots of engaging and interactive exhibits here for both young and old. There's an onsite café serving light lunches, and a gift shop with cool educational toys for kids: chemistry sets, crystal-growing kits, star charts, etc. kr 50, free for those under 18. (updated Apr 2023)
Aarhus Cathedral and the smaller Vor Frue Kirke (Church of Our Lady), from early medieval times and in the city centre, draw many visitors, but Denmark is also known for its diversity of modern church architecture. There are several modern architecture churches in the outer districts of the city. Ravnsbjerg Kirken (Ravens-hill Church) in Viby is a monumental modernist church in red-brown brick from 1976 and with an interior clearly inspired by Norse pagan mythology. The smaller Møllevang Church near the botanical gardens is of somewhat similar inspirations. Skjoldhøj Church in the western part of town is a modern church built in 1984 in whitewashed brick. It overlooks a garden and cemetery designed by Sven Hansen who also designed the parterre garden at the concert halls. Sankt Lukas Kirken (St. Luke's Church) on Frederiksbjerg in the inner city from 1926 is a good example of neoclassical architecture with minimalistic decorations, so typical of Scandinavian design. The 35-m tower and cross is visible on most of the city's skyline. In the outer districts, many older whitewashed stone churches are former village churches, now engulfed by the expanding city.
Interior detail from Aarhus City Hall
Anyone who appreciates European architecture will find many points of interest in Aarhus, from medieval buildings to modern icons. Even though Aarhus is one of the oldest towns in Denmark, most of the inner city was erected in the 1800s and 1900s during and after the industrial revolution, and you will not find many larger structures from the 1600s and 1700s, as compared to Copenhagen for example.
Modern architecture is abundant with many notable buildings such as the university campus in yellow brick, the futuristic Dokk1, the residential Isbjerget (The Iceberg) at the harbourfront, Musikhuset (the Concert Halls) and the Moesgård Museum from 2014. Notable architecture in the city also includes a bit of post-modernism, plenty Nordic functionalism, and in particular historicism which is abundant. The Aarhus Cathedral begun in the 1100s is the oldest building in the city, but there are several preserved Medieval timber-framed buildings, mostly in the inner city, with the oldest dating to the 1500s.
Rådhuset (The Town Hall), Rådhuspladsen 2, ☏ +45 89 40 20 00. This building is considered one of the highlights of Danish architecture, designed by the famous architects Arne Jacobsen and Erik Møller in cooperation with equally celebrated furniture designer Hans Wegner. Clad in grey Norwegian marble, it might appear bland to the untrained eye from the outside, but the indoor design is much more intriguing. Every Saturday guided tours are arranged around the interior of the building by AarhusGuides. First in Danish at 10:00-11:30 and then in English at 12:00-13:30. Price 100 kr (children 50 kr). The tour includes a visit to the top of the clock tower for a chance to enjoy the view. There are several interesting statues around the town hall. Enjoy the dramatic bronze statue and fountain of "Agnethe og Havmanden" near the city entrance towards the Central Station. It depicts a scene from a Danish fairy tale about Agnethe who falls in love with a merman. From here you can walk through the city entrance and the Town Hall Park and observe more bronze statues and memorial stones. The park is quite lively in the summer, as people tend to flock here as soon as it gets warm enough. Don't miss the "Grisebrønden" statue (the well of the pigs) with the drooling and peeing pigs, at the Town Hall Square. You can buy good hotdogs at the Town Hall Square too. (updated Nov 2021)
Aarhus University (Aarhus University Campus). Designed by famous Danish architects C. F. Møller, Kaj Fisker, and C. Th. Sørensen (the latter of which designed the landscaped garden), this is another noteworthy piece of architecture. The first buildings were finished in 1933, but construction is still going on today, all adhering to a common characteristic design-code in yellow brick. Here you find the Det Kgl. Bibliotek, the library which includes the iconic book tower, a landmark high-rise for the city. In the University Park you also find a cluster of museums (the Museum of Ancient Art, the Natural History Museum, and the Steno Museum) that you can read more about in the "Museums" section above. As well, the park is worth a visit, no matter the time of year. (updated Nov 2021)
Aarhus Theater (opposite the Cathedral). If older times architecture is more your thing, you will love to study the Aarhus Theatre building inside-out. Built around the year 1900 in the Danish version of Art Nouveau (known as skønvirke), the building is crammed with architectural details from the history of theatre and the interior is even more lusciously decorated than the outside facades. Guided tours (in Danish) on some Saturdays. (updated Feb 2018)
Frederiksbjerg. Historicist architecture is abundant in this neighbourhood where large-scale construction of urban planned townscapes took off in 1898. Go to the square of Sankt Pauls Kirkeplads, uphill and south of the central station. The square is surrounded by notable historicist apartment blocks, each with their own peculiarity. Look up, take it slow and enjoy the variety. From here, there are numerous options for the architectural walk. A stroll down Odensegade towards Ingerslevs Boulevard is a good choice. (updated Apr 2018)
Mejlborg. Finished in 1898, this was the first large apartment complex to be erected in Aarhus, built where the Northern city gates were demolished two decades before. Gothic Renaissance at its finest. There is no public access, but the detailed facades and metal clad onion dome can easily be enjoyed from the street. Good idea to go here by the historic street of Mejlgade and backtrack by the coastal promenade Kystvejen. Take it slow and be sure to look up, there are many more historicist waterfront buildings to experience here. (updated Mar 2018)
Varna Palace (Varna Palæet), Ørneredevej 3, ☏ +45 86 14 04 00. Another well-known architectural landmark of Aarhus, and a bit of a change of pace from the modern style that predominates over larger parts of the city, Varna Palace is a palatial Neoclassical resort pavilion. It was designed for the Danish National Exhibition of 1909 by native Eggert Achen and is found in the outskirts of the Marselisborg Forests, south of the inner city. The Varna Palace now serves as the headquarters of the local Odd Fellows Society, but with a public onsite restaurant.
Aarhus has a few large parks and several smaller green spaces. The largest and most notable parks includes the University Park, Aarhus Botanical Gardens and The Memorial Park. The city has some nice woodlands, beaches and countryside within easy reach.
Mindeparken and the Marselisborg Palace.
Marselisborg Deer Park (Dyrehaven) in the Marselisborg Forests.
Aarhus Botanical Gardens (Botanisk Have), Peter Holms Vej, ☏ +45 89 40 44 00. Daily 24 hours. Founded in 1873 as a research garden for students at Aarhus University, nowadays the Botanical Gardens have been repurposed more as a pleasant outdoor space for citizens to enjoy during the warm months. However, for laypeople who may be interested in botany, there are still thousands of different species of plants on display throughout this 21-hectare expanse, all labelled in Latin and Danish. The bulk of the place is a hilly outdoor expanse of open lawns, ponds, and landscaped gardens, with tropical plants to be found in a large greenhouse complex, designed in the modernist style (of course) by the prominent architectural firm of C. F. Møller. There's a children's playground onsite, ample facilities for picnicking, and a café in the greenhouses, serving light lunches. Free. (updated Jul 2017)
Aarhus University Park. The University Park at the university campus is a soothing spot of greenery in the city centre and it is open year round. It is a celebrated piece of landscape architecture with rolling hills, open lawns, large old oak trees and a couple of duck ponds. If there, be sure to visit the southern section as well, known as Vennelystparken. It is the oldest park in Aarhus, dating to 1824, and is a bit different from the main park. (updated Apr 2023)
Brabrand Lake (follow the pathway along the Aarhus River from the city centre). The Brabrandstien pathway leads upstream the river all the way to the Brabrand Lake nature site in the western parts of the city. Brabrandstien is a 20-km-long safe and tranquil corridor of greenery perfect for hiking, cycling and rollerblading. There are several spots for picnicking and resting, and even though it doesn't feel like it, you are always close to the city and its bus lines, if you don't want to backtrack. It is not possible to bath in the lake, but you can go there by canoe from the inner city if you want some alternative action. (updated Jan 2018)
Den Japanske Have, Randersvej 395, ☏ +45 40 72 73 71. Garden May-Sep: Sa Su (and most weekdays) 09:00-15:30. Restaurant Jun-Aug: Sa Su 11:00-16:00. Located in Lisbjerg on Aarhus' northern outskirts, this is a large, authentic Japanese garden laid out in traditional chisen kaiyu style designed for promenading. There is an onsite restaurant and café (Park13). While the garden is only open for visitors in late spring and summer, larger special events, such as concerts, are occasionally arranged in the winter. Free. (updated Jul 2017)
Marselisborg Forests (Marselisborgskovene). A 3,700-hectare expanse of woodland stretching along the coast of Aarhus Bay south of town, Marselisborg is one of the most visited forests in Denmark. Aside from Ballehage Beach, Tivoli Friheden amusement park, and Varna Palace described elsewhere in this article, other amenities for visitors include: (updated Jul 2017)
Aarhus Forestry Botanical Garden (Forstbotanisk Have). Established in 1923, this arboretum at the north end of the Marselisborg Forests is small (5 ha) but packed with over 900 species of trees and bushes from all over the world. It's a pleasant place to take a load off, but it's prohibited to disturb any of the plants, and falling tree branches are a persistent danger in windy weather. Free. (updated Jul 2017)
Marselisborg Deer Park (Marselisborg Dyrehave). This 22-hectare enclosed section of Marselisborg serves as a low-key sort of zoo or safari park, with a few species of native woodland animals such as deer and wild boars dwelling peacefully in the hilly, not especially thickly-forested environs. The deer park is open from dawn to dusk year round, but for safety's sake it's best to avoid visiting during mating season in the autumn (Sep-Nov), and in the early summer when the does are nursing their calves (June-July). (updated Jul 2017)
A trio of preserved historic water mills dating from the 16th, 17th, and the 18th centuries hearken back to the time when this land was a series of tenant farms owned by the barons of Moesgaard Manor.  Silistria, a former grain mill, is now the clubhouse of OK Pan Århus, Denmark's longest-running orienteering club. Skovmøllen, the oldest of the three, has again been a working mill since 2000, and also a restaurant.  Thors Mølle, an old powder mill, has served guests since the 1700s and is now exclusively a restaurant.
Moesgaard, Moesgård Allé 15. A southern part of the Marselisborg Forests, Moesgaard contains a marked history trail, The Prehistoric Trail, running from the Moesgaard Museum (q.v.) right down to the beach, with reconstructed Stone, Iron, and Viking Age houses and tombs, runestones, etc. If history isn't your thing, just enjoy the beautiful and varied nature of this place; in the spring and summer, it is worth a visit just for that. If you want to eat or drink, start your tour with a meal at the excellent Aarhus Golf Club restaurant near the museum, drop in later on at the old watermill of Skovmøllen in the woods or bring your own supplies and have a picnic lunch at the Moesgaard Beach. Free. (updated Sep 2015)
Mindeparken (Marselisborg Mindepark, Memorial Park). This memorial park offers a panoramic view of the Bay of Aarhus. Many larger events are held here and when the weather permits, citizens flock to relax in the park area. The park is centred around an extensive lawn but has several interesting sections of different designs, including a grove of Japanese cherry trees and a flower and sculpture garden. It also contains the largest World War I memorial in the country, commemorating 4,000 dead Danish soldiers. Free. (updated Oct 2018)
Riis Skov. Presented to the citizens of Aarhus in 1395 by Queen Margaret I, Riis Skov is the oldest public forest in Denmark. It is a very popular (and semiwild) green getaway from the bustle of the city, on the waterfront just a short distance northeast of the city centre, next to the charming neighborhood of Trøjborg. At Riis Skov you can have a barbecue on the beach (just bring coal and food); swim, play or soak up some sun at the baths of Den Permanente; or enjoy some upscale dining in a traditional Danish setting at Sjette Federiks Kro. (updated Jul 2017)
Dokk1 (Dock-one, Dokken, Urban Media Space), Hack Kampmanns Plads 2, ☏ +45 89 40 92 00. M-F 08:00-22:00; Sa Su 10:00-16:00; Staff available M-Th 10:00-19:00; F 10:00-17:00. This large state-of-the-art public library and culture centre at the harbourfront is the largest public library in northern Europe, and is designed as a public meeting place for all kinds of activities. Enjoy the peculiar and futuristic architecture or engage in the library's many activities. Guided tours are arranged at regular intervals. Good café and an interesting four-section outside playground (adults may try the slides too). There is a specialized toddlers' play section inside. Large subterranean robotic car park below the building. Great for kids and adults alike. The whole building is accessible to people who use wheelchairs. Free.
Marselisborg Palace (Marselisborg Slot), Kongevejen 100, ☏ +45 33 40 10 10. This small summer residence of the Queen of Denmark is just west of Mindeparken. The surrounding garden-park is fenced, but open to the public when the Queen is not in residence. It is dotted with sculptures from the private art collection of Prince Consort Henrik, the Queen's late husband. (updated Jun 2019)
For a city its size, Aarhus offers a multitude of things for visitors to do. Public events are generally oriented for folks of all ages and budgets, so whether you're a solo visitor, a family, young, old, handicapped, on a tight budget, or in the mood to splurge, there's much to choose from.
City Sightseeing (Hop-on-hop-off Aarhus) (hop on at 8 spots around the city). Only operates when a cruise ship is in port (typically 1 May - 15 Sep). See Aarhus from an open double-decker bus. With an audioguide in five languages you can hop on or off at 8 stops on the route around the city. Buses come and go every half-an-hour so you can spend as much time in each spot as you would like, but it takes 70 minutes to complete the circuit if you don't hop off at all. Suitable for the handicapped. €, children under 16: €. (updated Nov 2021)
Bicycle tour (Cycling Aarhus), Frederiksgade 78 (Frederiksgade is a sidestreet to the Town Hall Square), ☏ +45 21 76 28 29, info@cycling-aarhus.dk. May-Oct: daily 09:00-13:00. Participate in a guided bike tour around the city. There are several tour themes to choose from and if you are a group of four or more people, you can design your own personal tour with the guides. The guides are all fluent in Danish and English. You can also just rent a bike (You have to book a minimum of 2 bikes) and tour the city by yourself, kr 110 per day. kr 150-349. (updated Jun 2021)
Aarhus Culture Walks, Banegårdspladsen 1 (Go to the Central Stations main entrance), ☏ +45 42 42 19 25, info@aarhusculturewalk.dk. Sa 11:00 and 14:00. Every Saturday at 11:00 and 14:00 o'clock, two-hour culture walks starts off from the square outside the Central Station. Just show up or book on-line and save 10 percent. The tours covers both present and older times city life, architecture, art and local stories. Tours on other days of the week and with more personalized themes can be arranged for groups of five or more people, but it costs €100. Children free, adults kr 150; seniors kr 120. (updated Jul 2018)
AarhusGuides. Organisation of professional guides offering group tours in Aarhus in multiple languages. Regular tours comprise a City Hall tour and in the summer also city walks. No prebooking necessary, you just show up. kr 100 for regular tours. (updated Nov 2021)
Aarhus Theater, Teatergaden, ☏ +45 89 33 23 00. The city's main theatre. A luscious outstanding art nouveau interior design. You can dine or have a drink or coffee at Café Hack to the left of the main entrances.
Bora Bora, Valdemarsgade 1. Bora Bora is a small dance and visual theater located in a cultural centre that was once a school. (updated May 2016)
Filuren, Thomas Jensens Allé 2. Another small niche theater with room for up to 150 inside the large building complex at the Concert Halls. Filuren is a theater and a theater school for youth. A nice alternative thing to do if you are with children. Each play has a strictly enforced age limit (usually 3, 4, 5 or 13 years), so be sure to check out the programme beforehand. kr 65. (updated May 2016)
Helsingør Theater. A reconstructed historic theater building from the town of Helsingør north of Copenhagen, now at The Old Town museum complex and still a working theater with room for an audience of 220. Throughout the year, you can catch summer operas, intimate classical concerts and occasional plays here. Not the most active theater in Aarhus, but certainly an interesting visit especially for aficionados of period architecture. (updated Jul 2016)
Teater Katapult, Godsbanen, Skovgaardsgade 3, ☏ +45 86 20 26 99, info@katapult.dk. Inaugurated in 1995 and located today in the new Godsbanen cultural centre, Teater Katapult is probably the largest alternative theater in Aarhus. The focus here is on fertilizing, stimulating and nurturing the local scene in Aarhus, "catapulting" new talents and projects of a more offbeat bent into the limelight. Several plays are put on monthly, mostly with timely themes explored from a local perspective and presented so as to stimulate debate. kr 170 (kr 60 for people under 25 and discounts for students and pensioners).
Svalegangen, Rosenkrantzgade 21, ☏ +45 86 19 19 44, post@svalegangen.dk. The second-largest theater in Aarhus, located just off the city's major high street. There is a nice café attached. (updated Oct 2018)
Street performance (ILT Festival)
Teater Refleksion, Frederiksgade 72, ☏ +45 86 24 05 72, refleksion@refleksion.dk. This is a good example of one of the many small niche theatres in Aarhus. Located in a tranquil backyard in the city centre, Teater Refleksion specializes in puppet and animation theatre of a high international standard. Equally suited for children and adults. Most performances can be enjoyed without knowledge of the Danish language. Sometimes workshops. (updated May 2016)
Teatret Gruppe 38, Irma Pedersens Gade 222 (at the harbour front of Aarhus Ø), ☏ +45 86 13 53 11, post@gruppe38.dk. M-F 09:00-15:00 (office and phone). Danish and international performing arts with an alternative bend, led by artistic leader, playwright and actor Bodil Alling. Initiated in 1972, and now residing in a new stylish building from 2019, designed by architect group BIG, in the new harbour district, this theatre presents small, intimate, and engaging experiences from two scenes. The troupe tour the world on a regular basis and brings home inspiration and colleagues from around the world. Enjoy a drink or a piece of cake in the bar before or after the shows. kr 135 (standard). (updated Nov 2021)
Every second year in May, Aarhus is host to the International Living Theatre (ILT) festival, with the next event taking place in 2025. For a number of days, thespians from all over the world meet up here and share the universe of stage art in its broadest sense with each other and interested participants and audiences.
There are three mainstream movie houses in Aarhus, and a number of smaller niche theaters.
CinemaxX, M. P. Bruuns Gade 25 (in Bruun's Galleri), ☏ +45 70 12 01 01. The largest and most high-tech cinema in Jutland, showing mostly mainstream Hollywood blockbusters with Danish subtitles, some in 3D. Large lounge parlour with a candy store (no outside food or drink!)
Nordisk Film Biografer Aarhus C, Sankt Knuds Torv 15 (opposite the Catholic church on the high street near the central station), ☏ +45 70 13 12 11. Another large mainstream cinema with nine large screens and a 4DX film theatre. Lounge parlor with café and large candy store.
Nordisk Film Biografer Trøjborg, Tordenskjoldsgade 21, ☏ +45 70 13 12 11. Daily from 15:00. A smaller mainstream movie theater in Trøjborg, with five screens and a café.
Øst for Paradis, Paradisgade 7, ☏ +45 86 19 31 22. Showing a mix of indie and European arthouse films with some mainstream Hollywood fare thrown in for good measure, Øst for Paradis (East of Eden) comprises three stories of what is left of an old former craftman's guild complex from 1868, most of which was destroyed during the Second World War. The cinema has seven screens, equipped with state-of-the art digital technology. There is a cozy café at the cinema with newspapers and cultural magazines to browse, as well as a nightclub (Café Paradis) on the top floor.
Slagtehal 3, Mejlgade 50. If you're into horror movies, head here: these folks show them every Thursday. kr 50.
Fatter Eskil, Skolegade 25 (behind the Aarhus Theatre near the river). Tu-Sa. Housed in an old building from the 1700s in the city centre, Fatter Eskil hosts bands from Denmark in a diverse mix of genres, but mostly blues and rock. kr 40-80, usually free before 22:00. (updated Dec 2015)
Musikhuset — The Concert Halls.
Gyngen, Mejlgade 53. Gyngen is a music venue, restaurant and café all in one. A smaller place than Voxhall and Train, mostly featuring lesser-known bands and artists in a relaxed atmosphere. (updated Dec 2015)
HeadQuarters (HQ), Valdemarsgade 1. Tu-Sa from 19:00. HeadQuarters is a small cultural venue for theatre, dance and music located in a basement right across the Concert Halls building. There are usually three concerts per week on a tiny stage, as well as a night club with DJs. (updated May 2016)
Musikhuset (The Concert Hall). The largest concert hall in Scandinavia, Musikhuset has seating for more than 3,600 people in six halls with a large variety of events and concerts throughout the year: classical performances, rock and jazz concerts, operas, musicals, chamber music, as well as more intimate performances on some of the smaller stages. Good restaurant and café. (updated Dec 2015)
Radar (behind the Scandinavian Center and the Concert Halls). Located in the cultural centre of Godsbanen, Radar hosts many concerts and music events. (updated Dec 2015)
Studenterhus Aarhus (Stakladen), Nordre Ringgade (on the northern outskirts of the university campus). Built for student activities and assemblies and equipped with a barroom and a cafeteria, Studenterhus Aarhus also hosts concerts and other cultural events, usually twice monthly. The largest stage has modern sound technology and room for 750 standing or 450 seated guests. (updated Dec 2015)
Train (at First Hotel Atlantic). Train hosts a large variety of modern contemporary music concerts and other events, from rock, pop and jazz to hip-hop and electronica. There is an onsite lounge, nightclub and cocktail bar (Kupé). (updated Dec 2015)
Voxhall, Vester Alle 15 (at Mølleparken in the city centre), ☏ +45 87 30 97 97. A good, tightly planned schedule of mainstream rock and pop concerts, occasionally dipping its toes into other genres, Voxhall is Aarhus' venue of choice for big-name acts from abroad. A relatively small stage, but room for many people. The associated venue of Atlas is just as active, but mainly focuses on other genres, including world music and folk. Tickets are usually bought at the door, but if you're going to a major concert, buy beforehand! Nice wine and tapas bar in the building at Pica Pica. (updated Mar 2016)
Aarhus Festuge. The whole city is decorated for partying and filled with music, theatre, food, experimental architecture, film, literature and other events during this 10-day festival held every year in late August and early September. It is the largest multicultural festival in Northern Europe. Free. (updated Sep 2015)
Outdoor concert (Aarhus Festuge)
Aarhus International Jazz Festival. Held every year in the summer, following the Copenhagen Jazz Festival. Hundreds of concerts, many of which are free and open to the public, with a mix of nationally and internationally famous names as well as local up-and-coming talents. (updated Sep 2015)
LiteratureXchange (Aarhus International Literature Festival), ☏ +45 88 43 80 00, litx@fuau.dk. A relatively new literature festival with an international outlook, first held in the summer of 2018. The festival event runs for 5 days in early June with more than a hundred events around the city, including talks, debates and readings with celebrated writers along with more experimental happenings and small offbeat events. The 2024 festival have a focus on war and peace, injustice, and the history of slavery (especially the old history between Denmark and Ghana). In this context, you can meet international writers Isabella Hammad, Chigozie Obioma (Nigeria) and Kofi Anyidoho (Ghana) and many more, in a mix with local talents such as Mich Vraa (Denmark), Brynjulf Jung Tjønn (Norway) and Daniela Dröscher (Germany). Danish, English and other languages. (updated Jun 2021)
Moesgaard Viking Days (formerly Moesgaard Viking Moot). Daily 10:00-17:00. A large Viking event held every summer in July at Moesgård beach, with reenactments, markets, workshops, and living-history presentations. Interesting activities for all age groups. The event has drawn about 12,000 attendees, both Vikings and audience. The next Moesgaard Viking Days will be held from 27th to 30th July 2023. A ticket also gives you access to the Moesgaard Museum (MOMU) close by. Because of the event's popularity, it can be very difficult, if not impossible, to find a place to park a car nearby. Take a bus, bike or hike through the Marselisborg Forests to get there. Biking from the centre of Aarhus should take you less than an hour. 160 kr, children (3-17 years) 50 kr. (updated Apr 2023)
Northside. A three-day, three-stage annual summer music festival in early June featuring a range of well-known national and international stars at festival site, Eskelunden, west of the city center. (updated Apr 2023)
Street performances (Aarhus Festuge)
SPOT festival. A music festival, show-casing local amateurs and up-and-coming bands for a few days in early May every year. The festival also arrange several concerts around town throughout the year. SPOT Festival is meant as a rendezvous between the Danish and international music industries and is headquartered at the Concert Halls and the conservatory but with concerts all over town. Small and large concerts from a tightly packed programme of many musical genres. Also talks and interviews with musicians and the music industry as well as conferences and networking opportunities. SPOT Festival includes films and fashion. 715 kr for both days (day-tickets are also available at 480 kr). (updated Apr 2023)
Århundredets Festival (Festival of the Century), All over town. Århundredets Festival is a broadly appealing knowledge, art and culture festival held every year in the first half of March across the city. The festival alternates between a historical era theme and a present theme relating to current state of affairs. The festival is arranged in a collaboration between the city's many educational and cultural institutions, Aarhus University and Aarhus Municipality, and includes a plethora of events, happenings, debates and lectures based around the annual theme. Everything is conducted in Danish, as one of the festival's main purposes is to incite public debate among people and a broad engagement, but some events could be of interest to visitors who don't know the Danish language. (updated May 2022)
The Tall Ships Races. International ocean race with large historic sailing ships. The Tall Ships Races will return to Aarhus June 24 -27, 2026. Aarhus has hosted the Tall Ships Races in 2007, 2013, 2019 and 2023. (updated Jun 2023)
Almost the entire coastline of Denmark consists of publicly-accessible sandy beaches well suited for leisurely activities, and the Aarhus area is no different. Beachcombers might want to be on the lookout for petrified belemnites and sea urchins, but you shouldn't expect to spot any amber in this part of Denmark.
The municipality offers real-time updates of water quality, temperature, etc., at area beaches, on a website and via a free mobile app. Be aware that there is increased wave activity throughout the entire bay whenever the catamaran ferry is passing through. The phenomenon is harmless and only lasts 5-10 minutes, but small children are sometimes frightened by this, especially when it happens on an otherwise calm day.
There are several beach parks in Aarhus. The whole Bay of Aarhus is popular with activities in the summer.
Åkrogen. An unpatrolled beachpark some distance north the city centre with shallow, balmy, and clean waters. The beachpark is centred around a marina, from which it stretches north and south. It is especially popular with windsurfers and kitesurfers. At the marina there are several eateries and access to bathing facilities for a fee. Huge lawns with room for sports and other activities in connection with the beaches. The beach itself is not the best quality, it is rather narrow and somewhat stoney in most places, but nontheless Canadian newspaper The Globe and Mail rated Åkrogen one of the world's ten best beaches. (updated Jul 2017)
Ballehage Beach. This lovely stretch of white sand south of town benefits from a stunning location nestled against the hilly greenery of the Marselisborg Forests, yet within easy walking distance of popular sights like the Marselisborg Deer Park and Varna Palace as well as a number of restaurants. Popular with swimmers, sunbathers, and picnickers, Ballehage boasts calm and clean waters, as well as amenities such as toilets and changing areas. (updated Jul 2017)
Bellevue Beach Park. Another popular beach in a verdant yet often crowded setting, you'll find Bellevue Beach on the northern outskirts of town just past Riis Skov, facing Aarhus Harbor in the distance. Bellevue's sands are delightfully white and powdery, and the water is shallow and balmy, but notably less clean than other beaches listed here, especially after heavy rains. Amenities includes public toilets, drinking water, trash bins, and a small kiosk. You can get a meal at the café in the adjacent Bellevuehallerne sports complex and there are several small eateries in the immediate neighbourhood. (updated Jul 2017)
Den Permanente (ride your bicycle along the bay below the Riis Skov Forest, or take a hike through the forest itself.). Public and private bathhouse in a shared building. One section is open year round for the public from dawn till dusk, while the popular inner beach - complete with changing rooms, showers, public toilets, and lifeguards - is only accessible for the public in June and August. The tiny sandy beach immediately south of the bathhouse structure has been designated as a nudist spot, but welcomes everybody. Small kiosk nearby, open in the summer, serving ice cream, hotdogs, beverages, and various snacks. If you are ready for a more substantial meal, the historic inn Sjette Frederiks Kro, just up hill in the forest, is the place to go for a nice traditional Danish meal after your swim. The sea bath opened in 1933, but half of it was destroyed in a storm in 1966. In 2023-24, the bathhouse was rebuilt to its original grandeur, reopening in June 2024.. Free. (updated Nov 2019)
Moesgaard Beach (Moesgaard Strand). 12 km from the city centre and further south than Ballehage Beach, Moesgaard Beach is patrolled by a lifeguard during the summer months, and the water is even cleaner. There are large green areas here, a car park, toilet facilities, and a kiosk with fast food items, beverages, candy and ice cream for sale in the summer. You can reach the area by road (bicycle, car or bus) through the forests, on foot by the Prehistoric Trail from the Moesgaard Museum or from the beachside. If you go by bus, one option is to take Bus 31 from the Aarhus Bus Station. (updated Jul 2017)
Sea swimming course (Aarhus Havbane). Not a beach but a 500-metre-long sea swimming course along Aarhus Ø marked by with yellow and orange buoys. No vessels are allowed within the buoys. Some winter bathers use the short boardwalk for a quick dip. Also a good place for snorkling around the big granite boulders placed in the water. Free. (updated Nov 2021)
There are a total of four public indoor swimming pools throughout the city that can be used most of the year. Be sure to check up, as some are closed for extensive periods in the summer. Same price at all venues: kr 45; special prices for children and groups. You can rent towels and bathing suits at some places, but it is expensive.
"Havnebadet" harbour baths.
Aarhus Svømmestadion, F. Vestergaards Gade 5, ☏ +45 86 12 86 44. All week. If swimming specifically is what you want to do, this is a better option than Badeanstalten Spanien, with an outdoor pool (summer only) to go along with the indoor one. Aarhus Swimming Stadium is only for swimmers, as you must be able to swim 200 m without aids to use the pools. Swimming is on short course (25 m) on Tuesdays and Wednesdays and long course (50 m) on the remaining days of the week. There are also two associated sports halls known as Frederiksbjerghallerne. Bring your own padlock for your personal locker, or buy one at the reception for kr 30. Adults kr 55, youth kr 35 (15-25 years), children (3-14 years) kr 30, free with AarhusCARD. (updated Apr 2023)
Badeanstalten Spanien, Spanien 1 (at the central bus terminal), ☏ +45 89 40 20 70. M-Th 08:00-20:00, F-Su 08:00-16:00. The pool at this renovated historic bathhouse from the 1930s hosts many families and children on weekends, but Badeanstalten Spanien is so much more than just swimming: there's a luxury co-ed wellness section (Grossererbadet) with saunas, steambaths, spas, infrared heat lamps and other facilities. The building also houses a fitness centre, a couple of small boutiques offering massage, beauty treatments, wellness products and a café. Adults kr 90 (swimming pool only kr 50), Children (4-14 years) kr 30, Free access to swimming pool with AarhusCARD. (updated Nov 2021)
Gellerupbadet, Karen Blixens Boulevard 41A, Brabrand (in Braband, in the middle of Gellerup Park), ☏ +45 86 25 69 01. W-M. If you're a family with kids, Gellerupbadet is the swimming venue for you, with special shallow heated pools and a sauna, plus a large climbing wall in the hall. (updated May 2019)
Havnebadet (Aarhus Havnebad), Irma Pedersens Gade (ho to Bassin 7 on Aarhus Docklands). 11:00 to 19:00 every day (June-August). Large floating bathhouse in the northern parts of the harbour, part of the developing docklands district, designed by renowned architecture company BIG. The open-air bathhouse has several pools, including child friendly paddling pools. It is open to the public from June through August. The surrounding area is still under development, but a number of small shops offers coffee, drinks, ice cream and some food. Free. (updated Jul 2018)
Lyseng Svømmebad, Lysengvej 4, Højbjerg, ☏ +45 87 13 33 85, info@vigirbyenpuls.dk. Sa-Tu and Th. Located in the outer district of Højbjerg to the south of the city centre, this is a swimming hall complex for everybody. Three pools to choose from: a shallow one with swimming toys for the kids, a deep one with diving boards, and swimming lanes for exercise and competitions. Sauna in both the men and women departments. (updated Mar 2016)
Throughout the city there are a number of sports complexes, small and large stadiums, indoor sports halls, and several facilities for street sports. Apart from the free street-level activities, you'll need to be a member of a team to visit most of these places, but sometimes hourly rental or trial lessons are offered.
Full stadium for a football match at Ceres Park
Football: Aarhus GF play soccer in Superliga, Denmark's top tier. (And other sports: GF is Gymnastikforening, since you were wondering.) Their home ground is Ceres Park (capacity 19,400) 2 km south of city centre.
Aarhus Skøjtehal, Gøteborg Alle 9 (behind the green-roofed watertower at the junction of Randersvej and Ring 2), ☏ +45 86 10 42 19. Aarhus Skøjtehal is an indoor ice rink offering ice skating in season, including occasional "ice disco" events and hockey matches. In winter, an outdoor ice skating venue is set up in the inner city park outside the Concert Halls. kr 45.
Ceres Park & Arena (Stadion) (on the outskirts of the Marselisborg Forests next to Tivoli Friheden). The home pitch of local soccer team AGF, Ceres Park & Arena holds around 21,000 spectators. If you're a soccer fan, don't miss a home game (played on Saturdays or Sundays) as the atmosphere is amazing during game night! (updated Mar 2016)
DGI-huset, Værkmestergade 17 (behind the Bruun's Galleri shopping centre), ☏ +45 86 18 00 88, info@dgi-huset.dk. DGI-Huset is a sports centre of about 5,000 m² in the city centre where you can engage in many kinds of indoor sporting activities. If you're not a member of a team, you can still play badminton or football, or pay by the hour to tackle one of the large climbing walls. Children are welcome and accommodated with a special play area, and there's also an onsite café. Weekends and holidays often see discounts on admission. Free entry, courts kr 100 for an hour.
Jysk Væddeløbsbane, Observatorievejen 2 (behind the Ceres Park & Arena, enter from Carl Nielsens Vej), ☏ +45 88811202, info@jvb-aarhus.dk. Horse racing. kr 50. (updated Nov 2021)
Aarhus Watersports Complex (Kabelpark i Aarhus). Aarhus Watersports Complex is a voluntary organisation at Bassin 7, Aarhus Ø, offering watersports activities with focus on wakeboarding, waterskiing and SUP. A cable system similar to a ski lift serves as a replacement for the speed boats traditionally used for wakeboarding, water skis etc. (updated Jun 2021)
Surf Agency, Fiskerivej 2F, 8000 Aarhus C, ☏ +45 42903010, surf@surfagency.dk. A certified surf school offering lessons in Stand Up Paddle surfing and rental of SUP boards and other necessary equipment. (updated Jun 2021)
Aarhus hosts many large sports events on both national and international level. You may want to attend or plan your visit around one of these events. Among the coming happenings, Aarhus will present Urban Sports Festival in the summer of 2024, European Choir Festival in 2025, and Tall Ships Races in 2026.
In the summer from early May through September you can rent canoes at the central community centre of  Folkestedet and paddle along the Aarhus River for short or extended journeys.
To fish as a recreational activity in Denmark, you are required to buy an Angler Fishing License (Fisketegn).
There are several popular spots for angling on the harbourfront, although eating bottom-feeders caught in the harbour is not recommended for health reasons. The sea, coasts and countryside around Aarhus, present many opportunities for angling. Saltwater fish includes sea trout, cod, mackerel, herring, and flatfish. Sometimes migrating fish like garfish are plentiful, depending on the season. Freshwater fish in streams and lakes, includes trout, pike, perch, and in some places zander, roach or bream.
A few places offers horseback riding as an alternative way to experience the immediate countryside.
Møllegård Islandsheste, Ormslevvej 325 (Bike, hike or drive towards the small village of Ormslev west of Aarhus), ☏ +45 23 30 16 50, mollegaardislandsheste@gmail.com. Year round. Try some guided horseback riding on Icelandic horses in the countryside west of Aarhus city. Depending on your skill level, you will be guided by professionals on site, and when deemed qualified you can begin exploring the surrounding area on the back of a horse. The nature around Årslev Lake and Brabrand Lake close by offers a memorable nature experience. Icelandic horses are a sturdy breed, but smaller than most other horses, so the weight limit is 90 kg. This place is open for both single visitors and groups year round. 450 kr for 1½ hour (w. guide and equipment). (updated Aug 2019)
Seldrup Islandsheste, Fuldenvej 119 (Bike, hike or drive to the village of Beder south of Aarhus), ☏ +45 22 47 81 10, bodil.breyen@mail.dk. Tour hours varies, but tours are scheduled every Wednesday. Horseback riding on Icelandic horses in the beautiful forests and countryside south of Aarhus. All tours are with guides. Only helmets are for rent here, remember to bring your own boots and long trousers. Please book and arrange everything a few days in advance. Tours varies in length and price. Ride for 1½ hour every Wednesday 10:00-11:30 for 300 kr. (updated Aug 2019)
Rønbækgård, Rønbækvej 35 (Bike, hike or drive to Søften north of Aarhus), ☏ +45 28 15 73 01. F 15:30-16:30, Su 15:00-16:30. Rønbækgård is in the forest of Himmerigskov between the suburban villages of Trige, Søften and Hinnerup north of Aarhus. Beginners, as well as the more experienced, can participate in guided tours on Icelandic horses every Friday and Sunday afternoon, tailored to the riders skill levels. Visit, or call, in advance to arrange and book. Tours on other days of the week can be negotiated. F 250 kr, Su 350 kr. (updated Aug 2019)
The East Jutland region has many options for golfers. The courses are of a high quality and often situated in beautiful settings. As part of this region, Aarhus has several options:
Aarhus Aadal Golf Club, Brydehøjvej 35, Harlev, ☏ +45 86 94 26 77, aagc@aadalgolf.dk. This golf club is west of Aarhus near the town of Harlev. Beautiful countryside. 18 holes. Restaurant. (updated Sep 2015)
View across the golf courses at Mollerup Golf Club.
Aarhus Golf Club, Ny Moesgårdvej 50, Højbjerg (close to the Moesgård Museum and the Marselisborg Forests), ☏ +45 86 27 63 22, info@aarhusgolf.dk. Boasting a great view of the Bay of Aarhus and the excellent bistro and restaurant UNICO (which you can visit even if you're not a golfer), the Aarhus Golf Club has 35 years of experience and more than 1,000 members. 18 holes. (updated Sep 2015)
Aarhus Minigolf, M. P. Bruuns Gade 25 (at Bruuns Galleri), ☏ +45 21 85 05 18, kontakt@aarhusminigolf.dk. For something different, how about a round of mini-golf on the rooftops of the inner city? Take the elevator to the top floor of the Bruuns Galleri shopping halls at the central station to access the rooftop terrace. There is a large eatery right next to this place and a small bar outside at the playing field. Closed in the winter. kr 60. (updated Sep 2015)
Lyngbygaard Golf, Lyngbygårdsvej 29, Brabrand, ☏ +45 87 44 10 70. West of the centre in the district of Brabrand. Play either 18 or 9 holes, with five tees on every hole. Challenges for all levels. Onsite restaurant. (updated Sep 2015)
Mollerup Golf Club, Mollerupvej 7, Risskov (9 km from the centre, in Risskov, on the southern slopes of the Egå Valley), ☏ +45 86 78 55 56, info@mollerupgolfclub.dk. Apart from the golf facilities, Mollerup is known for its beautiful setting near the forest of Mollerup Skov and the lake area of Egå Engsø, with a view across the valley here. 18 holes. Café and restaurant. (updated Sep 2015)
Battlearena Lasergame, Sylbækvej 7-9 in Brabrand (Go to the Brabrand Lake west of the inner city), ☏ +45 86 22 14 44. 09:00-23:00. Indoor lasergun battles for six or more people. Minimum age is 8 years old. Call in advance to book and pay. Instructions and equipment is part of the package. Bring your own food and drink or buy drinks at the place. Smallest package is 1 hour for 150 kr per person. (updated Aug 2019)
Eventpark Højbjerg, Søren Nymarksvej 8 (Near Christian X's Vej, just beyond Ring 2), ☏ +45 86 14 16 00 (Rush), +45 60 19 87 52 (Eventhall). 09:00-18:00. A cluster of activity game arenas and an event venue, located in an otherwise uninteresting area of light industry in the south of the city. Rush Aarhus is a trampoline park for kids and adults alike. Every Friday and Saturday evening 20:00-22:00, Rush after Dark parties are arranged. Eventhall is a multi-purpose arena for all kinds of activity games; try to be a sumo wrestler, play bungee-basket or shoot your friends in a paintball game. Savvaerket is an event venue with occasional concerts and cultural happenings. kr 109 (1 hour at Rush) or 125 (1 hour at Eventhall).
Food markets, Ingerslevs Boulevard, info@ingerslevtorv.dk. W Sa 08:00-14:00. An outdoor farm and artisan market with fresh vegetables, fruit, bread, fish, meat, cheese, and some prepared foods sold by local producers. There's also a small permanent café here with good coffee.  Aarhus Street Food is an indoor food market in the city centre near the central station. Offers a culinary world tour ranging from Korean bowls, Turkish grill, and luxury salads to pad thai, fish & chips, and Afro-Caribbean barbecue. The food court is open every day of the week 11:30-21:00.  Markedshallen is another indoor food court from early 2023, located in the building complex Nicolinehus in the new harbourside district of Aarhus Ø. Stylish interior, yet with relatively low budget prices and self-help service. The food offered here is also of a broad cultural diversity and the food stations are also open every day from 11:30-21:00. Free. (updated Nov 2021)
Godsbanen, Skovgaardsgade 3 (behind ARoS and the Concert Halls), ☏ +45 8940 9948, +45 2920 9043. A centre for cultural productions of all kinds: theatre, concerts, performance, film, art exhibitions, finders-keepers markets, and more. There is a restaurant and café here too. Even if you are not interested in participating in anything in particular, Godsbanen is worth a visit for its strange and unique architecture, including the DIY commune known as Institut for (X) behind the main buildings. Here people tend gardens, play football, skateboard, play street sports, party and even live. The vibe is a friendly, inviting take on the anarchist "free town" — you'll find none of the decadence of Christiania here. Free. (updated Feb 2016)
Playgrounds. Aarhus has many small (and a few large) playgrounds in and around the city, the vast majority of which are free. Kloden at Dokk1 and the outdoor playgrounds at Mindeparken and the Botanical Gardens are popular choices. At Børnenes Jord in the city centre, indoor and outdoor playgrounds are attended by professionals who supervise kids and also arrange events. Commercial sites includes Leo's Legeland in the northern district of Skejby and the Legelandet complex in the western district of Brabrand, both with facilities for kids of all ages up to 17 years. (updated Nov 2019)
RaceHall, Hasselager Centervej 30 (Beyond Ring 2, near Eventpark Højbjerg), ☏ +45 86 28 01 70. Go for a go-kart race in what is claimed to be the largest indoor race track in Europe. Onsite American-style diner. kr 310-580.
Royal Casino Aarhus, Store Torv 4 (in Hotel Royal across from the cathedral), ☏ +45 86 19 21 22, kontakt@royal-casino.dk. Sunday: 15:00–02:00, Monday–Thursday: 15:00–03:00, Friday–Saturday: 15:00–04:00, gaming tables open at 19:00. Play a round of roulette or a game of cards and hope for the big prize. Take a break from the action at the in-house Richard's Bar & Cocktails with a coffee or a drink, or just gawk at the bronze sculptures at the main entrance, designed by local artist Hans Krull. Entry kr 70 after 19:00 (kr 20 before 19:00). (updated Aug 2023)
Tivoli Friheden, Skovbrynet 5 (South of the city centre on the outskirts of the Marselisborg Forests), ☏ +45 86 14 73 00. Check website for schedule. An amusement park with roller coasters, ferris wheel, haunted house and similar classic entertainment. Also restaurants, a dance floor, and a large stage hosting occasional concerts and large events. Special schedule around Christmas. Admission kr 140 (children under 90 cm free), all-ride ticket kr 110. (updated Nov 2021)
Make no mistake about it: Aarhus is a college town. As the home of Aarhus University, the largest in Scandinavia, plus nine other institutions of higher education, Aarhus' student population numbers one out of every five residents — a statistic that certainly explains the youthful vigor in the city's dining, nightlife, and cultural scenes.
Even if you're not matriculated at any of Aarhus' colleges and universities, the city still offers a lot of informal learning activities and courses on all kinds of subjects.
Apart from degree courses,  Aarhus University (AU) also offers a number of independent academic courses in English, as well as...
Folkeuniversitetet (Folk University), which hosts lectures and seminars on many popular academic subjects, with a more relaxed and less technical tone aimed at laypeople. However, the teachers come from a rigorous academic background (many are professors at AU), and are equipped to deliver up-to-date knowledge from the forefront of research. All courses are in Danish, so this can be a good opportunity for you to exercise your language skills in an intellectually stimulating way.
Dokk1', a new central library and cultural centre, offers a plethora of cultural events, gatherings, seminars, and discussion groups with various cultural notables.
FO-city (Frederiksgade 78C) is a cluster of buildings tucked away in a courtyard behind City Hall Square that serves as a centre for a diversity of courses in general education, meetings and conferences. There is an onsite café (Café Nicolai) and sometimes markets where the students sell their own crafts and artworks.
FOF is a longstanding adult education program that offers all sorts of courses with qualified teachers, usually in the evening, in various locations throughout the city. Here you can learn to play guitar, cook for your baby or acquire a sailing certificate.
LærDansk Aarhus. If learning Danish is your goal, this is the place to go. The language courses here are mostly geared toward foreign students at Aarhus University and immigrants, but are open to all. Courses are held at both the LærDansk's offices (Paludan-Müllers Vej 82) and the AU campus.
Shopping in the Latin Quarter.
Bruun's Galleri, one of several shopping malls with specialty stores in the city centre.
The pedestrian zone in the city centre is the best place for shopping — and it's right outside both Aarhus Central Station and the bus terminal, so you can't miss it. It's packed with small specialty boutiques and cafés, but you'll also find larger stores too: locations of Salling and Magasin du Nord department stores; three H&M outlets; several supermarkets. The main street of Strøget is the place to go for upscale Scandinavian clothing, design and jewellery shops. There are also a number of larger bookstores where you can buy books in English, including guides and maps.
Bruun's Galleri (in the Central Station, enter by car or one of five street-level entrances including through the station). The biggest city mall in Denmark. 95 shops to choose from, plus the largest and most advanced cinema in Jutland.
Latin Quarter (next to Aarhus Cathedral, bounded by Mejlgade, Nørregade and the premises of Vor Frue Kirke). Another shopping district in the old city centre, in the Latin Quarter you'll find small independent shops as well as some of the city's oldest cafés. There's something for everyone here: unique clothing, furniture and design boutiques, many with an unmistakable Danish flair (check out the Bang & Olufsen Hi-Fi store for a particularly good example), storefront art galleries, record shops, tattoo parlors, hair saloons, not to mention plenty of opportunities for just soaking up the atmosphere and street life. Every year in May or September, the shops and businesses of the neighbourhood celebrate the Latinerfestival for a couple of days, with events and concerts. (updated Jan 2016)
Museums Kopi Smykker, Skt. Clemens Stræde 7, ☏ +45 86 12 76 88. M-Sa. One of only four shops in Denmark selling high-quality reproductions of original Viking jewellery. Many different varieties.
Outside the city centre, notable shopping opportunities include:
Bazar Vest, Edwin Rahrs Vej 3 (in Brabrand, 10 minutes walk from City Vest). Tu-Su 10:00-18:00. An international bazaar of 110 small shops where you can buy all kinds of imported items and ethnic food. Get yourself a meal, a haircut and your shoes fixed or what about a hookah, a real Persian carpet and a specially designed Arabian perfume? Many cuisines, from Greek and Turkish to Somalian and Indian. Good shawarmas, falafel and sweet Arabian delights. Sometimes events such as market days with special discounts or concerts with Middle Eastern artists or world music. Large parking lots. Free.
City Vest (on Silkeborgvej past the Ring 2 ring road). Located in the western part of the city, this mall has around 30 shops and cafés.
Storcenter Nord (in the northern part of the city centre near the Botanical Gardens, on Paludan Müllersvej just past the Ring 1 ring road). Around 50 shops, including a surprising abundance of eateries. Large parking spaces in the basement and on the roof.
Self-caterers on a budget should look for a yellow Netto or blue Rema; these are the most abundant discount grocery stores in the city. Another discount option is the less frequent green Coop 365 stores.
Some places, particularly restaurants, assess a surcharge of a few percent extra on purchases made with foreign credit cards, due to banking fees.
This page uses the following price ranges for a typical meal for one, including soft drink:
Aarhus is generally known as one of the best places to eat in Denmark. However, the best places are not necessarily located at the most prominent addresses, so a bit of browsing is recommended if you have a particular interest in fine dining. Prices tend toward the low end — perfect for perennially cash-strapped university students — but that's not necessarily an indicator of low quality; you can find surprisingly good food at some of these budget-priced places. Several spots have lunch offers.
With an immigrant population of around 15%, Aarhus has many opportunities for ethnic food; Italian, Greek, Middle Eastern, Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai and Japanese food are the most common cuisines, and again, prices are usually quite affordable.
Most restaurants close the kitchen at 21:00, but you can usually sit back and enjoy your meal for as long as you like. At gourmet spots, it is a good idea to book a table beforehand, and for groups of five or more people it is highly recommended. Otherwise, you risk being turned down in the door, due to the unexpected workload or lack of space. Many restaurants are closed for extensive periods throughout the year; usually in the summer months or Jan-Feb, so be sure to check in advance if you plan to visit a specific place.
In the last decade or so, Aarhus has experienced a veritable "burger war", with good quality burger joints popping up everywhere, making for strong competition. Middle Eastern fare such as kebab, shawarma and falafel can be had at numerous eateries in nightlife districts, and Aarhus has several choices for traditional Danish-style barbecue as well.
In addition to what's listed below, no visit to Denmark would be complete without patronizing a Pølsevogn (sausage wagon): street vendors that sell a variety of hot dogs, sausages, and sometimes burgers. The inner city has several, including one in front of the central station and another at City Hall Square, most of which are owned by a Danish charity that donates the surplus to needy children.
A Pølsevogn at Lille Torv. At these spots you can get Danish-style barbecue street food.
Burger Boom, Østergade 14 (Four small burger bars across town), ☏ +45 87 30 30 22. Daily 11:00-21:00. Among the winners in Aarhus' aforementioned "burger war", Burger Boom serves a short but sweet menu of burgers and fries sold at inexpensive prices. The burgers here are minimalist constructions with a notable lack of veggie toppings, so as not to dull the taste of the grilled local free-range beef. Salad and tomato can be added for free, just tell when you order. Fries comes as regular, sweet potato, or loaded cheese fries. Homemade dips. Burger Boom's way of doing things has been popular, and has grown from the small original place, at the central high street, to four spots across town. Lunch offers on weekdays (11:00-15:00). Burgers from kr 69, menus from kr. 109. (updated Feb 2024)
Kødstadens Burger Joint, M.P. Bruunsgade 45, ☏ +45 40 17 28 36. Daily 11:00-21:00. Great, local and upcoming burger champions. These guys have several years of experience, have won the hearts of Aarhusian burger lovers several times, and in 2023 they received the national badge of honor 'Best Burgers in Denmark' award. Pay them a visit, and put them to the test, at the relatively new expansion in the central Frederiksbjerg district, or the original place in the northern district of Trøjborg. Lunch offers 11:00-15:00. Burgers from kr 84, menus from kr 114. (updated Jul 2017)
Havnens Perle, Dagmar Petersens Gade 10 (in the north harbour district), ☏ +45 86 13 22 56. M-F 08:00-21:00, Sa 9:00-21:00, Su 11:00-21:00. Roadhouse-style Danish barbecue place at the harbor, popular with dockworkers and other locals of a blue-collar bent. Enjoy a fresh made burger, hot dogs, fried chicken, roast pork, fish and chips, or various hot meals including traditional Danish fried pork with white parsley sauce and potatoes (kr 119), a hearty dish that calls for a big draft beer. Breakfast and lunch are served too, the latter consisting of smørrebrød (Danish style open faced sandwiches on rye bread). Plenty of room to sit outside when the weather permits. Food quality can be iffy, especially when crowded. Burgers kr 69 and up. Hot dogs kr 34. Hot meals from kr 59. (updated Jan 2016)
De Fyrretyve Røvere, Frederiks Alle 81 (On Frederiksbjerg, near the bridge across the railway yard), ☏ +45 25 40 40 67. 11:30-15:00 and 16:30-21:00 (closed Mondays). Closed in July.. Relatively new eatery, part of a wave of quality barbecue spots of Middle Eastern inspirations across Aarhus. Good pitas with lamb, beef, spicy chicken, or homemade falafel in combination with other Middle Eastern delicacies. Two pita spots across town. Pita menu kr 110. (updated Nov 2018)
Bone's, Åboulevarden 20 (at the riverside near Europaplads), ☏ +45 87 30 04 00. Daily 11:00-21:30. American-style barbecue in two floors. Bone's is a family friendly Danish restaurant chain with eateries across the country. Lunch options every day.
French and Italian fare is popular and easy to find around Aarhus, but the Mediterranean options also includes a few Spanish and Greek style restaurants.
Pizzerias are abundant throughout the city, including the outlying districts. Some places puts in an extra effort:
Pizzerias are abundant across Aarhus and a few of them make excellent pizzas
Caffé Ispirazione, Åboulevarden 82 (at the canal in the town center), ☏ +45 61 30 71 68. M-Th 10:30-21:30, F-Su 10:30-22:30. Excellent pizzas and really good ice creams. Also sandwiches and various pasta dishes. This place has an extra focus on organic ingredients. Broad diversity and vegetarians and vegans has plenty of options here. kr 110 and up for pizzas. (updated Feb 2017)
De Martino, Trøjborgvej 8F (around the corner from Casa Mia, a 1-minute walk downhill toward Riis Skov), ☏ +45 31 38 93 49. Daily 16:00-21:30. Good quality pizzeria in Trøjborg, also serving pasta, risotto, and some authentic Italian veal dishes. Children's menu and takeaway available. kr 75-95 for pizza.
Delizioso, Silkeborgvej 257, ☏ +45 81 61 71 92. W-M 12:00-20:30. A pizzeria and café-restaurant at the Åbyhøj town square. The menu is mostly pizzas and pastas, but also panini, salads and Italian meat dishes, all of excellent quality. Takeaway available. kr 85-95 for pizza. (updated Jan 2016)
La Trattoria, Frederiks Allé 130, ☏ +45 32 16 27 52, kontakt@latrattoria.dk. Daily 11:00-21:00. Italian restaurant and café with a straightforward menu of pasta, pizza and sandwiches. Dishes are primarily in the budget price range, but a few are more expensive. Takeaway offered. Pasta dishes and pizzas from around kr 100 and lunch pizza offer for kr 50.
Other noteworthy places with budget options include:
Yamas, Vestergade 53, ☏ +45 42 34 32 01. Tu-Su 17:00-21:00. Cosy Greek taverna with good pitas and a selection of traditional Greek dishes. Succulent, marinated and grilled meat is the pride of this place. Pitas from kr 84.
Good restaurants with a broader and more substantial Mediterranean menu include:
Italian and French-style restaurants are plentiful
AmoRomA, Vestergade 60 (in the western end of Vestergade), ☏ +45 86 19 30 77, amoroma@outlook.dk. Daily. Tasty Italian food served in romantic surroundings. The restaurant is located in an old preserved timber-framed house, and AmoRomA's owners draw on experience from their Italian-style specialty store Il Mercatino in Mejlgade. Very good pizzas.
Bar' Hapla, Jægergårdsgade 67, ☏ +45 93 95 76 67, info@barhapla.dk. Kitchen is open daily 17:00-22:00, F Sa 12:00-16:00. This place markets itself as a bar with dining options, just how the Spanish love it. Don't hesitate to book a table for dining though, as the food is great and the place is often packed with guests. At Bar' Hapla, the food will arrive sporadically at the table, whenever the kitchen has it ready, so there will be ample time to enjoy your wine and drinks. Fed up with the overuse of the term 'tapas', Bar' Hapla call their small Spanish-style servings 'bites', but they are just as tasty and with purely vegetarian options as well. 'Bites' servings kr 65 and up. Expect three servings to make a full meal. (updated Apr 2023)
Brasserie Belli, Frederiksgade 54, ☏ +45 86 12 07 60, belli@belli.dk. M-Sa 11:00-23:00. French-style brasserie, open for lunch and evening dinners with thirty years experience. Many things to choose from, including French classics such as quiche, steak tartare, steak frites, tarte tatin and Belli's signature dish Boeuf Bourguignon. Brunch plate kr 160, Lunch from kr 80, Evening dinner main course from kr 210; 3-course prix fixe dinners kr 380 (kr 250 extra for paired wines).
Restaurant Dauphine, Frederiksgade 43 (on the pedestrianised high-street of Frederiksgade), ☏ +45 86 19 39 22. Tu-Sa from 18:00. With almost thirty years experience, since 1996, Dauphine serves excellent French-style cuisine in cosy surroundings with an impressive selection of wines. Three-, four-, five-, or six-course evening dinners. If you get hooked on their wines, visit Dauphine's winebar Á-part just next door. Prix fixe dinners from kr 395 (pairing wine menu from kr 395), Special weekday offer (4-course dinner, wine and coffee) kr 625.
L'estragon, Klostergade 6 (in the Latin Quarter), ☏ +45 86 12 40 66. Tu-Su from 18:00. Superb-quality French-style gourmet cuisine using organic ingredients exclusively (including the wine list), and locally-sourced whenever possible. Four,- five- and even six-course prix fixe dinners are offered. This is a very small place, so reservations are recommended. Special offers on Sunday evenings. Open for lunch Saturdays. Prix fixe dinners from kr 525 (pairing wine menu from kr 190), Saturday Lunch kr 245 (3-course), Sunday Surprise Menu kr 595 (5-course with wines). (updated Jan 2016)
There are many options for a budget-priced Asian meal. Chinese restaurants usually offer budget-priced lunch buffets, a few à la carte dishes, and takeaway boxes. Notable also is a cluster of Asian-style eateries in Nørregade.
Asia Restaurant, Viby Ringvej 4 (Go to the main square in Viby), ☏ +45 87 47 55 55, aarhus@asia-restaurant.dk. Every day (lunch buffet: 11:30-15:30; evening buffet: 17:00-21:30). Large Chinese-style family friendly restaurant, with room for 250 guests, situated in the ground floor level of the Zleep-in hotel highrise. Nice, Chinese-inspired traditional decor and good all-you-can-eat buffet with plenty of options. The buffet includes sushi, and in the evening also Mongolian barbecue and soup. A la carte menus are also offered. Lunch buffet kr 118; Evening buffet kr 178.
Bánh Mì Bandits, Nørregade 34 (at the northern end of Nørregade), ☏ +45 21 45 45 20. Daily Su-Th 11:30-20:00, F Sa 11:30-21:00. Vietnamese restaurant in Nørregade, specialising in bánh mì sandwiches. In-house and take-away. From kr 75.
Gaijin Ramen, Nørregade 16 (at the northern end of Nørregade), ☏ +45 21 45 45 20. Closed Mondays. Good Japanese-style ramen eatery. Ramen bowls kr 120, sides from kr 55.
THA, Frederiks alle 120 (on Frederiksbjerg), ☏ +45 32 21 10 21. Tu-Su 17:00-21:15, closed Mondays. Tiny place, big flavour. This small Thai-kitchen in the southern neighbourhood of Frederiksbjerg only has a few seats and most meals here are sold as take-aways. Very good food and friendly service. Main meals from kr 90 (two-course menus kr 130). (updated Apr 2019)
Sushi dominates the roster of mid-priced Asian restaurants in Aarhus, and there are many options. In addition, the following restaurants stands out in the Asian-style category:
Asian-style restaurants, and especially sushi restaurants, are plentiful.
Kiin Kiin, Vestergade 47, ☏ +45 26 11 11 56, eat@kiinkiinaar.dk. Every day, all year. Asian food with a Vietnamese bend. High-end restaurant quality, yet served in cosy, laid back and rustic surroundings for affordable prices. Start with a cocktail in the lounge area for an in-house evening experience, or have your food as takeaway; this place serves the whole range. Shared meal, family-style kr 395; Restaurant main course from kr 165; Take-away full meals from kr 135. (updated May 2024)
Sushi Springtime, Park Allé 9 (at Park Allé across from the Town Hall), ☏ +45 22 55 55 44, info@sushispringtime.dk. Tu-Su 16:00-21:00. Possibly the best and most authentic sushi restaurant in Aarhus, with a chef and owner trained in Japan. Original Japanese teas. Best to order well in advance, preferably a day or more and especially if you're arriving with a large party, as everything is made fresh to order.
The South Indian, Nørre Allé 51 (in the outskirts of the Latin Quarter), ☏ +45 81 470 470, eat@southindian.dk. M-F 17:00-22:00, Sa Su 12:00-22:00. The South Indian is one of only a few places in Aarhus, serving Indian food. Very good and authentic Indian food here, with a focus on the South Indian Chettinad region in particular. Soups, stews, curries, various breads and plenty of Indian specialities, all served in comforting and cosy surroundings. Good options for vegetarians and vegans alike. Lunch: Curry of the day 99 kr, Evening: Single meal from 139 kr. (updated Feb 2019)
Yi East, Frederiks Plads 6 (downhill from the Bruun's Galleri shopping mall, close to the Aarhus City Tower), ☏ +45 60 87 78 98, info@yieast.dk. M-Th 16:00-21:00, F-Su 12:00-21:30. Chinese restaurant with many authentic options, including Dim Sums and Clay Pot dishes. Spacious and elegant restaurant in a newly built quarter near the southern harbourside. Food is typically served for sharing, Chinese style. Take-away options. Menu offers from 128 kr, Single meals from 108 kr.
While gourmet dining in Denmark traditionally means French cuisine, the large and diverse slate of such restaurants in Aarhus also includes Italian and Spanish-inspired gourmet cooking, seafood restaurants, and New Nordic. Four places have been awarded a Michelin star and several are mentioned in respectable food guides, including the White Guide covering Nordic countries specifically.
Most larger hotels have their own restaurant, usually with decent-quality international fare at mid-range prices, and some with outstanding dining. You don't have to have a room there to eat there. See the "Sleep" section or individual hotel websites for details. Further out into the countryside, traditional inns (kroer) also offer culinary experiences comprising both native Danish fare as well as international gourmet cuisine, again mostly at mid-range prices.
The food scene is vibrant in Aarhus, with new places and experiments coming and going. The high-end Restaurant Domestic has been a forerunner, dedicated to innovating the New Nordic cuisine in Aarhus.
Great quality international gourmet food can be had for mid-range prices. Even if your budget is limited to mid-range, do also check out "Splurge" restaurants, as more expensive places are known to offer special promotional discounts from time to time.
Pondus, Åboulevarden 51, ☏ +45 28 77 18 50, info@restaurantpondus.dk. 17-23 every day. Cosy modern bistro with a gourmet fare, celebrating local, organic ingredients of excellent quality. Pondus has proved themselves for several years on the Aarhus restaurant scene, and got a recommendation in the Michelin guide for their good value cooking. Two, three, or four-course prix fixe dinners from kr 320.
Restaurant ET, Mindegade 8 (near the end of the riverside at the harbourfront), ☏ +45 86 13 88 00. M-Sa 12:00-15:00 & 17:30-22:00. At Restaurant ET you can try a good variety of high-quality yet reasonably-priced specialities inspired by both classic French and Danish recipes, always with a fresh twist. Excellent choice of wines and cheese. Elegant and subdued interior design, where you can watch the chefs cook from a central kitchen. À la carte mains kr 168-278, three-course prix fixe dinners at kr 368 (not including wine). Lunch from kr 89. (updated Apr 2016)
Restaurant Domestic, Mejlgade 35B (in the backyard), ☏ +45 61 43 70 10, info@restaurantdomestic.dk. Tu-Sa from 18:00 (Lunch option Fr-Sa from 12:00). Along with Hærværk, this restaurant was one of the first places in Aarhus to engage with "New Nordic locavore gourmet" cuisine. This way of cooking, is dedicated 100% to local ingredients in season, and requires great skill and creativity to achieve a gourmet level result. The Michelin star maintained continuously since 2017, shortly after opening, attests to their success on that front. Be sure to book in advance, for a taste experience out of the ordinary. Evening menus from kr 750. (updated Apr 2016)
Restaurant Frederikshøj, Oddervej 19-21 (in the Marselisborg Forest across from Mindeparken), ☏ +45 86 14 22 80. W-Sa 18:00-24:00. One of Aarhus' most exquisite gourmet restaurants, led by renowned chef Wassim Hallal whose original menus has caught the attention of the Michelin Guide since 2015, now with two stars. Stylish modern decor. Enjoy your lunch in Anx (W-Sa 11:00-15:00), a new addition to the main restaurant in an adjacent annex-building. Here you can try sophisticated reinventions of classic Danish dishes, including smørrebrød. The Menu kr 2500 (wines excluded); Lunch Menu kr 450. (updated Jan 2016)
Restaurant Gastromé, Grenåvej 127 (At the Riis Skov forest, north of the city center), ☏ +45 28 78 16 17, kontakt@gastrome.dk. Th-Sa: from 18:00, Lunch Fr-Sa: 12:00-15:00. The restaurateurs behind this place have a lot of experience with the New Nordic gourmet cuisine, upholding a Michelin star at Gastromé continuously since 2015. The food is served in welcoming surroundings, in a large old villa outside the central city, completing the dining experience. Evening menu kr 1900 (Lunch menu kr 800).
Denmark is well-known worldwide for its pork, but also produces topnotch beef. Many restaurants have steak on the menu, including some of the international gourmet spots, but a few places serve it as the specialty of the house. To enjoy the best possible steak in Aarhus, you will have to splurge.
A Hereford Beefstouw, Kannikegade 10-12 (next to the Aarhus Theatre), ☏ +45 86 13 53 25. M-Th 17:30-22:00, F Sa 12:00-22:00, Su 17:30-21:30. A renowned chain of steakhouses based in Herning and with locations across Denmark and even as far afield as Greenland and Australia, Aarhus' location of A Hereford Beefstouw sports an in-house brewery to go with its wide variety of different steaks and lamb, fish and some seafood dishes. All this goodness is served up in a spacious wood-panelled dining room that seats 160. A kids' menu is available, as is a discounted "Theatre Menu" for four (weekdays only).
Köd, Åboulevarden 23 (at the riverside near Europaplads), ☏ +45 38 41 60 50, info@koedaarhus.dk. M-Th 17:00-21:00, F Sa 17:00-22:00. Top-quality steak and seafood, with beef sourced from Denmark, Uruguay, the U.S., and Australia.
MASH, Banegårdspladsen 12 (at the Ritz Hotel), ☏ +45 33 13 93 00. Every day. Another Danish steakhouse chain, with some of the best cuisine of this type in the country as well as a very impressive wine list. A selection of fish dishes and some high-quality burgers round out the menu. From kr 265. (updated Jan 2016)
Unlike the experimental and often quite expensive dining of the New Nordic Cuisine, traditional Danish food is hearty, simple, and of course old-school — and its popularity is surging on Denmark's restaurant scene these days. Special menus are served around Mortens Aften (St. Martin's Day; 11 November), Christmas, and Easter. Prices are mostly mid-range.
Den Lille Kro, Nørre Allé 55 (Latin Quarter outskirts), ☏ +45 86 86 44 41, info@denlillekro.dk. Every day 12:00-21:30. A cozy place situated in a somewhat quieter sector of the buzzing Latin Quarter, Den Lille Kro (aptly-named "The Little Inn") serves up a wide-ranging selection of good-quality traditional Danish food in copious portions. Differing lunch and evening menus. Three-course dinners 333 kr (a la carte from 169 kr). Lunch platters from 169 kr. (updated Mar 2016)
Europa, Havnegade 28 (Harbourside), ☏ +45 86 19 86 18. W-Sa 12:00-24:00. A small gastropub serving tasty traditional Danish cuisine. Mostly smørrebrød, but also a few hot dishes in the evening. Take away offered. Even if you're not hungry, you can go just to imbibe from their exhaustive beer list. Red wine and homemade snaps are also served. (updated Apr 2016)
Restaurant Kohalen, Jægergårdsgade 152-154 (the south harbour district), ☏ +45 86 12 14 81. M-Sa 11:30-16:00. By no means a fancy dining spot, this place takes pride in its local authenticity. Residing in the city's rough former slaughterhouse district in an old house from 1907, Kohalen (The Cow Tail) serves good quality traditional Danish meals in generous portions. The focus of the kitchen here is on lunch platters (known as Det Kolde Bord), yet with a few hot dishes as well. The restaurant is typically filled to the brim with raucous crowds, making it a little difficult to get a free seat, especially around the annual feasts. Lunch platters from 199 kr (a la carte meals from 128 kr). (updated Jan 2016)
Skovmøllen, Skovmøllevej 51 (forests south of town), ☏ +45 86 27 12 14. W-Su. Skovmøllen's menu comprises creative twists on traditional Danish lunches, as well as a hearty weekend brunch, served in the picturesque setting of a restored timber-framed medieval water mill in the midst of Moesgaard Forest. Online reservations are available. Lunch from kr 222. (updated Jan 2016)
Teater Bodega, Skolegade 7, ☏ +45 86 12 19 17, info@teaterbodega.dk. Every day. With a central location next to Aarhus Theatre, this historic restaurant has served since 1908, while the name Teater Bodega is from 1959. There is a big variety in the meal plan, and the quality is good. The interior is kept in an old traditional Danish design and is an experience in itself. Mid range. (updated Jan 2016)
Many eateries in Aarhus have vegetarian dishes or alternatives on the menu. Only a few places are dedicated vegetarian only.
Café Gaya, N.J. Fjordsgade 2 (in a large community centre in the central Frederiksbjerg district), ☏ +45 40 22 45 20. M-Sa. A good variety of organically-grown vegetarian food, with cozy decor and occasional live music. Gaya also serves brunch (ad libitum) on Saturdays. All-you-can-eat lunch buffet kr 89, evening buffet kr 150. (updated Jan 2016)
Faour, Klostergade 32 (in the Latin Quarter), ☏ +45 60 15 15 70. Closed Sundays. Relatively new eatery, part of a wave of quality spots of Middle Eastern inspirations across Aarhus. Faour offers falafel, manakish and mezze of various kinds for affordable prices. Almost exclusively vegetarian menu. Good mint tea and Arabian coffee with cardamom. Manakish menu for kr 59. (updated Nov 2018)
Green Neighbour, Aarhus Street Food (near the Central Station), ☏ +45 30 24 04 93. Every day. Various and changing seasonal salads and bowls with organic produce only. Freshly squeezed juices to go along. Meat can be had as an extra topping for some salads. From 90 kr. (updated Sep 2018)
Plant Food, Graven 16H (in the Latin Quarter), ☏ +45 91 87 33 35. One of the few dedicated vegetarian eateries in Aarhus. Many options. The plant-based burgers are popular. Small place with only a few seats for eating in-house. (updated Nov 2022)
MellemRum, Fredens Torv 2 (near the square of Europaplads at the mouth of the river), ☏ +45 86 17 18 38, info@restaurantmellemrum.dk. M-Sa 17:00-24:00, kitchen closes 21:30. At this gourmet restaurant, you can always choose a seasonal vegetarian menu on par with the non-restricted menu, something the chefs takes pride in. Three, four or five-course seasonal menus that change every two months or so, but also à la carte. A cosy place with excellent gourmet food. Don't be afraid to bring your vegan or meat loving friends along, this place has something for all kinds. Three-course prix fixe vegetarian menu kr 325 (Early Bird: kr 275 if you can finish before 19:00). (updated Apr 2016)
The many cafés in Aarhus span a diverse range, from tiny holes-in-the-wall with two chairs to extravagantly decorated places with mirror rooms and waiters in fancy clothes. Some places serve only the most basic items, while other places offer lunch, evening dinners or cocktails and parties at night. So whatever you are looking for, it shouldn't be a problem to find a café that suits your taste or pocket.
The majority of cafés in Aarhus are unique, each with their own individual charm and character, and you'll find an emphasis on high-quality coffee in quite a few of them. However, national chain cafés also have a presence, with locations of Espresso House, emmerys, Lagkagehuset and Anettes Sandwich across the city, and Starbucks have two cafés in the inner city as well. If you're not a coffee drinker, cafés also often serve hot chocolate and sometimes smoothies, but quality tea is only just beginning to catch on around these parts.
Take note that in almost all cafés in Denmark you are expected to contact staff yourself, usually at the desk, to grab a menu card, to place your order and when you wants to pay. This is often very bewildering to tourists, but is how things are typically done in Denmark and not a sign of rude or ignorant service.
Although there is a high concentration in the inner city, cafés can be found all over town. A few special places might be hard to discover without particular mention:
A.C.Perch's Thehandel (Perch's), Volden 3 (close to the central square of Lille Torv). M-F 10:00-17:30, Sa 10:00-17:00. A local branch of the venerable tea-house of the same name in Copenhagen with roots back to colonial times. The Aarhus café is smaller, and only a few years old, but has the same old-fashioned style as the original in Copenhagen. Slow down and take time to enjoy a well-made pot of high quality tea with more than a hundred varieties to sample. The clerks are there to guide you. Splurge with a Breakfast Plate or a Five O Clock Tea serving if you like. If you are a group, you can book a table online. No coffee here. Pot of tea 90 kr, Breakfast Plate (including tea) 145 kr. (updated Jan 2019)
Stiller's Coffee, Klostergade 32 H, st. (backyard) (in the Latin Quarter). M-F 10:00-17:00, Sa 10:00-16:00, Su closed. This oasis for true coffee aficionados is hidden away in a backyard of a larger building complex that used to house a chocolate factory. It is not easy to spot, but some of the best things in life require a bit of effort. There are numerous spots for truly great coffee around the city, but this place is among the very best for sure. (updated Feb 2018)
LYNfabrikken, Vestergade 49 (in the backyard). M-F 09:00-17:00. "The Lightning Factory" is a business incubator for small creative concerns located in a restored old factory building, with an onsite café in the loft. The laid-back rooftop terrace is a pleasant summertime oasis of seclusion in the midst of the bustling central city. The café offers beverages (good coffee), cakes and a small choice of food, plus a few books and crafts for sale. (updated Apr 2016)
Aarhus Brædtspilscafé, Vestergade 58A and Fredensgade 38 (go to Vestergade or the Aarhus Bus Station), ☏ +45 81 11 90 05, +45 81 11 90 06. M-Th 14:00-23:00, F Sa 12:00-01:00, Su 12:00-22:00. Two boardgame cafés operated by the same group of people. Just show up and hope for a free spot or reserve a table online if you are a minimum of four people and wants to be sure. The ticket gives you access to a vast number of games, from well-known classics like backgammon, chess or kalaha to various party games, quiz games and much more intricate and elaborate boardgames like Risk, Catan or Pandemic. You can play as many games as you like for as long as you like. Sometimes game-guides introduce new games to people and you can choose to join in. The spot in  Vestergade focus on lightweight games while the spot in  Fredensgade presents more heavy and advanced games. kr 30. (updated Feb 2018)
Denmark has a long tradition of unique, good quality bread and confectionery. You might find it in cafés or in common bakeries across the city, but some places merit a visit for the special effort they put into the craft of baking.
Danish pastry on display in a bakery
Lagkagehuset and  emmerys are two Danish chains of high-end bakeries with attached café sections. Lagkagehuset has seven spots across town and presents a great selection of cakes which, apart from the Danish pastries of course, include cold confectioners cakes such as layercakes and creamcakes. Emmerys is an organic certified bakery with five spots offering brunch servings, while the cake selection is more limited. Both chains offers breakfast and various snack foods and they are open every day of the week.
Briançon, Åboulevarden 53 (at the riverside close to Mølleparken), ☏ +45 86 12 43 93. Daily from 07:00. At this small but great bakery you can sometimes watch the bakers at work. A good variety of breads are always available, but the selection of cakes is somewhat limited, but changes often. They only use butter for baking here, no cheap substitutes, and Briançon is renowned for their croissants specifically, which are always up for sale. Also homemade confectionary (their caramels are exquisite) and chocolate delights, quality coffee beans and champagne. The shop is administered by a brother and a sister since 2006 and is located at the riverside, but at a less busy place. No room for eating, but several public spots nearby. (updated Mar 2016)
Schweizer Bageriet, M.P. Bruuns Gade 56 (north of the central station), ☏ +45 86 12 34 47. Daily from 06:30. A modern yet historic bakery open for breakfast and lunch. The bakery selection is full of traditional delights; the variety changes often, but always includes several types of Danish pastry. Schweizer Bageriet is a small place, with only a couple of seats for eating. Good sandwiches and salads. (updated May 2024)
Jumbo Bakery & Eatery (at the habourfront across from the DOKK1 library), Mindet 4. High-end sourdough bakery and café at the transforming habourside. (updated Apr 2022)
DavidBreadHead, J. M. Mørks Gade 7 kl. th. High-end sourdough bakery. (updated Apr 2022)
Aarhus has a lively nightlife, with everything from big mainstream clubs to small alternative hangouts playing niche music. Aarhus' young population fuels a major part of the partying, and the large numbers of students tend to keep prices reasonable. The legal age for buying alcohol in Denmark is 16 and 18 relative to the amount of alcohol present in a given drink, but some bars limit entry to those over 20 or even 23. In any case, it pays to have picture ID on you if you want to indulge in the bar scene. Prices are generally higher than in other parts of Europe, but cheaper than Copenhagen and with several budget options. Entry fees are almost non-existing. The action tends to concentrate around Jægergårdsgade, Frederiksgade, Åboulevarden, Vestergade, the Latin Quarter, Mejlgade, Nørregade, and the riverside (Åen), the latter of which is the most expensive area.
The nightlife in Denmark and Aarhus is quite safe, though occasionally plagued with young immigrants (primarily of Middle Eastern descent) who harass people, sell drugs, and engage in vandalism. These incidents might be rarer these days, but if you are a group of young males with a Middle Eastern look, be aware that you could risk being denied access to some of the more popular spots. Drinking does not limit itself to the night (or the weekends) in Danish culture, so you will not have a problem finding a good place for a cold beer, a nice drink or a glass of wine in the afternoon or even in the morning.
The most widely available Danish beers are Tuborg, Carlsberg and Ceres. With a 150-year history in Aarhus, Ceres was by many considered the "beer of Aarhus", with Ceres TOP as the flagship pilsner, but the beer is not brewed locally anymore. Most places also serve other well-known international brands, mostly on draft. Quite a few spots specialize in quality beers and craft brews, and offer a large variety for the beer connoisseur. This trend seems to have spilled over and affected many of the regular places as well.
Cocktail bars are getting increasingly popular, with most places now offering some kind of mixed drink as an alternative to the omnipresent beer. Quality whiskey, rum and gin can be had in many bars. While in Danish culture wine is traditionally enjoyed with food rather than by itself, there are a few high-end wine bars that are very popular.
Many Aarhus bars change concept and/or owners quite often, some every 2-3 years or so, while other spots close and new ones emerge. The listing below is therefore incomplete and may be out of date, though we've tried to limit it to places with proven staying power.
A neighbourhood with its own atmosphere, separated from the rest of the city centre by the central rail yard. Frederiksbjerg's nightlife scene is a mix of traditional bodegaer and værtshuse of the type you can read about below, as well as some newer and more fashionable spots.
While there are several fancy spots, Frederiksbjerg is well stocked on old, traditional værtshus bars.
Mikeller Bar, Jægergårdsgade 61. Su-F from 14:00; Sa from 13:00. At this outlet for the renowned craft brewery of the same name, you can choose from a changing slate of 20 beers on tap — both from Mikeller and other breweries worldwide — plus a huge and ever-changing bottle list. If you're (understandably) overwhelmed, the bartenders at this cozy, chilled-out spot are more than happy to help you navigate the vast selection. For non-beer drinkers, a range of high-end spirits and cherry wine (a local specialty) are offered. kr 40 for a tap beer serving. (updated Nov 2021)
Peter Gift, M. P. Bruuns Gade 28, ☏ +45 86 12 01 63. Daily 11:00-01:00. The typical Danish bodega, and mention a claimant to the title of oldest surviving bar in Aarhus (in business since 1906), Peter Gift serves a good selection of beers in a pleasant, relaxed and secluded atmosphere. Lunch is served Tu-Sa, but reservations are required. Smoking is restricted to the backyard. (updated Jan 2016)
Pub'en, Jægergårdsgade 62, ☏ +45 86 13 60 98. Daily. A local værtshus with local craft brew (Aarhus Bryghus) on tap and opportunity for a game of dart. Also Ceres TOP beer by the bottle and other beverages. Smoking allowed and a more festive vibe on weekend nights. (updated Mar 2018)
St. Pauls Apothek, Jægergårdsgade 76, ☏ +45 86 12 08 33. Tu-Th 17:30 - 00:00, F Sa 17:30 - 02:00. This old restored pharmacy (hence the name) from 1899 now wears many hats: St. Pauls Apothek is a high-end restaurant in the early evening, a fashionable cocktail bar afterward, and a nightclub when it gets really late. Creatively conceived and artfully executed speciality cocktails come served on their own or paired with gourmet dinners. (updated Nov 2021)
This partly pedestrianized street brims with nightlife.
The Golden Lion Pub in Frederiksgade. The pedestrianized city centre has a lively nightlife and bus routes that connect to the suburban areas, reducing the risk of alcohol-related accidents.
Hos Anders, Frederiksgade 25 (below Sharks in the same building). A bar with occasional live music, mostly jazz. The audience here is usually a bit more mature. Beer kr 20. (updated Jan 2016)
Sharks, Frederiksgade 25 (at the first floor of Busgadehuset, a central car parking house), ☏ +45 86 18 09 90, mail@sharks.dk. Daily. Not only a bar but also Denmark's largest pool hall, with 26 billiard tables that pack 'em in most nights. To get away from the madding crowds, head for one of three cozy lounges where you can enjoy a beer or tuck in to a burger or a plate of nachos (the kitchen closes at 22:00). Sharks is also a popular place to catch major sporting events on TV. Pool tables kr 1-2 per minute, cocktails from kr 45. (updated Jan 2016)
Tir Na Nóg, Frederiksgade 40, ☏ +45 86 19 19 10, info@tirnanog.dk. Daily. A huge Irish pub with nice decor, a festive atmosphere, live music, and pub trivia on Thursday night. Good selection of high-end whiskey, scotch, and rums. As at Sharks, the TVs around the bar are a popular place to catch sporting events. (updated Jan 2016)
Waxies, Frederiksgade 16, ☏ +45 86 13 83 33, mail@waxies.dk. Daily from 12:00, happy hour from 22:00-00:00. Another Irish pub closer to the river with three floors of action in a hip riverside location. Premier League football Monday and Tuesday nights, pub trivia Wednesday nights, poker Thursdays, and live music on the weekends starting around midnight. Show up early for discounted drinks and a small food menu. (updated Jan 2016)
Most of the cafés near the mouth of the river turn into bars and nightclubs in the late evening, but there are also many places here dedicated exclusively to nightlife. One of the busiest bar scenes in the city, the riverside can be hectic Friday and Saturday nights, attracting many young people. The rest of the week, the promenades along the river offers a more laid-back vibe. Despite the many upscale and fashionable places, there are a surprisingly ample selection of budget-friendly options in between. The nightlife scene here starts off at Immervad, the small bridge crossing the canal at Frederiksgade, and stretches all the way to the mouth of the river at the harbourfront.
Barstart, Fiskergade 28, ☏ +45 26 14 93 57. W-Sa from 18:00. A short walk away from the riverside, you'll find this small and easy-to-miss place clustered among a handful of similarly busy nightspots. Barstart's constantly changing drink menu encompasses many innovative specialty cocktails, but the experienced bartenders here could most likely make any classic drink you would like. Craft cocktails from kr 100. (updated Jul 2016)
Bodegaen, Åboulevarden 33. Daily. Located right at the river, this hip and popular place is only a few years old, but fully equipped as an iconic old fashioned bodega, hence the name. Enjoy a beer and a game for a bit of fun. Games on offer includes darts, dice, pool (bob), or foosball (a quite popular "sport" in Denmark for young people). Ceres TOP kr 25. (updated Jan 2016)
Herr Bartels, one of many cocktail bars
Herr Bartels, Åboulevarden 46, ☏ +45 86 18 08 33, herrbartels46@gmail.com. Th-Sa from 19:00. The longest bar desk in town, serving a changing selection of excellent drinks and cocktails in a nice atmosphere. All nights, some selected drinks are "two for the price of one". Age limit is 20 on weekends. Cocktails kr 70-95. (updated Jan 2016)
Lava, Åboulevarden 22, ☏ +45 25 53 30 31, kontakt@lavaaarhus.dk. Another jack-of-all-trades type of place at the riverside, Lava is a café, bistro and bar all in one. The latter identity comes into the picture on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights after 21:00, with an international wine list (including champagne by the bottle), superb rums and cognacs, and French spirits like armagnac, calvados and eau de vie for a very reasonable price. They occasionally host live music as well. Cocktails from kr 80 (two for kr 90). (updated Jul 2016)
London Bar, Åboulevarden 31, ☏ +45 51 89 56 70, info@londonbaraarhus.dk. F Sa from 20:00. A cocktailbar with dimmed lightning, black tiles and individual tables open for reservations. Many of the bars at the riverside attracts a very young audience, but this bar has a minimum age of 25 and a corresponding relaxed atmosphere. The cocktails are good quality, all made from scratch, half-price before 23:00. Champagne and quality liquor also available. On occassion, events or cocktail courses (1-2 hours) are arranged. Cocktails from kr 95 (discounts available). (updated Mar 2018)
Shen Mao, Sct. Clemens Torv 17, ☏ +45 86 17 11 22, booking@shenmao.dk. Th-Sa from 20:00. Table tennis is the name of the game here, just rent a bat at the bar for kr 40 and get a beer when you return it. The place looks pretty rough and tends to focus on hip-hop music. Age limit is 20, and usually, the party builds slowly with things getting crowded no sooner than midnight. No state-of-the-art high-end craft cocktails here, just beer by the can, basic mixed drinks, and all the ping-pong you can handle. The namesake of the bar is the Chinese-born owner who used to run this place out of his apartment. Beer cans kr 35, drinks kr 75. (updated Jul 2016)
Skolegade is an old narrow sidestreet behind Åboulevarden with a long history as a nightlife destination. Most of the action is near the south end, closest to the riverside.
Escobar, Skolegade 32, ☏ +45 86 13 79 26. Fr-Sa 14:00-04:00, rest of the week 18:00-02:00. This is a small bar where heavy metal and hard rock music rule the day, including demo-tapes from local bands. Green chartreuse and absinthe are specialties here. Escobar is a great place to get acquainted with the local metal scene, but if you're not the headbanging type, never fear: the nonjudgmental, come-as-you-are ambience is welcoming to all. Pub quiz Monday nights with a focus on movies and music. (updated Mar 2016)
G-bar, Skolegade 28, ☏ +45 21 35 35 61. Fr Sa 22:00-05:00. Aarhus' gay and lesbian club. (updated Aug 2023)
Pinds Cafe, Skolegade 11, ☏ +45 86 12 20 60. W-Sa from 16:00. This small bar has served since 1848, but got its name from a miss Elna Pind who took control in 1936, notorious for her sharp tongue and very strict rules. Things are more easy nowadays but the old-fashioned decor clings on. The clientele is typically of the mature and relaxed kind. Smoking allowed. (updated Jan 2018)
As at the riverside, several of the Latin Quarter's cafés turn into festive bars in the evening, while other places serve as such all day.
Café Paradis (Den Sidste), Paradisgade 9 (in the top floor loft). Th-Sa from 22:00. Bar and nightclub with cocktails, shots, bubbles, wine and beer. Lively dance floor with DJs on most nights. Age limit is 21+ on weekends. kr 50 entry (includes a drink). (updated Jan 2016)
Løve's, Borggade 14 and Nørregade 32, ☏ +45 52 17 50 16. Two separate buildings around the corner from each other: the former a relaxed wine bar-deli, the latter an equally relaxed wine bar-bookstore-café with occasional book and poetry readings, wine tastings, and other events. Løve's attracts a mixed and sociable crowd. (updated Jan 2016)
Mig & Ølsnedkeren, Mejlgade 12, ☏ +45 93 85 51 58. M-Sa. Beer bar with a large selection of craft beer, among the best in Aarhus. Some of the beers are brewed specifically for this place, while other are imports from around the world. The tap selection changes regularly, so there will always be new stuff to sample for beer lovers. Good vibe and bartenders who knows what beer is all about. (updated Apr 2018)
Ris Ras Filliongongong (Ris Ras), Mejlgade 24, ☏ +45 30 28 72 22. M-Sa 12:00-02:00; Su 14:00-19:00. At this cozy hipster hangout you can indulge in a great variety of beers, rums, and even hookah to the strains of the latest indie music in the background. If you are new to craft beer and don't know where to start, the Hancock on tap is the beer of the house and always a hit. No food up for sale, but you are welcome to bring your own along, if you buy a beer or two and clean up after yourself. (updated Jan 2016)
Under Masken, Bispegade 3 (go to the Royal Hotel opposite the Cathedral), ☏ +45 86 18 22 66. Daily. This bar and café in the basement next to the Royal Casino and Hotel is owned by local artist Hans Krull. The walls here are decorated with strange tribal wooden masks, artsy pictures and miscellaneous objects from his travels around the world. Krull is a prominent artist in Denmark and you can enjoy some of his finer works by glancing at the three bronze sculptures outside the casino next door or his large whole-wall mural in Fiskergade nearby of a woman kissing a sea gull. Be aware that smoking is allowed here and the place is often packed. Happy hour every day from 17:00-21:00 and sometimes live music.
Alberts, Store Torv 3 (at the city square in front of Aarhus Cathedral), ☏ +45 31 32 82 68 (food), info@albertsbar.dk. Every day. Outdoor serving at the big square in the summer Monday-Saturday from 12:00. Alberts is a bar in a historic 14th-century monks' cellar at the cathedral. Quality beer, wine, and spirits with free open-mic stand-up comedy; Monday-Thursday in Danish, Sunday in English. You can play dice here too. On weekends, this places turns into a high quality cocktailbar, where the bartenders really shows off their skills. Tapas can be had Friday and Saturday evenings as well, but you need to pre-order and book a table for that. Cocktails from kr 100, drinks and wine from kr 60. (updated May 2017)
Bernhardt Natklub, Store Torv 3 (go to the main square in front of the Aarhus Cathedral), ☏ +45 25 29 99 99 (table reservation), kontakt@bernhardt-aarhus.dk. F-Sa: 22:00-05:00. Dance and nightclub in the same basement as Alberts. If you are a party, it is possible to reserve your own table. Age limit is 20+. (updated Apr 2018)
Gedulgt, Fredensgade 41 (close to the bus station), Aarhus@gedulgt.dk. Th 18:00-24:00, F-Sa 16:00-02:00. If you are willing to spend some time on a nightlife treasure hunt, try if you can find Gedulgt. It is a super hip cocktail bar with the most creative drinks, but located in a nondescript backyard as some kind of secret speakeasy. Look for the green door. Outstanding cocktails, including non-alcoholic mocktails. also Quality beer, wine, bubbles, and spirits. Cocktail workshops and tasting arrangements can be ordered for groups online. Cocktails from kr 95. (updated Apr 2018)
Hantwerk, Fiskerivej 2D, ☏ +45 91 25 62 57, kontakt@hantwerk.dk. W Th 16:00-23:00, F 14:00-24:00, Sa 12:00-24:00 (in the summer Tu-Sa 12:00-24:00). Gastrobar in the northern harbour district. Great food, wine and beer and sometimes small musical arrangements. Many people go here just for a drink. The beer is brewed by the local micro-brewery Humleland in-house and served on tap and bottles. The brews are quite creative, diverse and of a great quality. Special imports are also available. Several options for wine by the glass. If you want to dine, reserve a table on-line before you go. Take note that this place does not accept cash. (updated Apr 2018)
Kupé, Europaplads 10 (at First Hotel Atlantic), ☏ +45 42 90 52 97 (table reservation), kontakt@kupe.dk. F Sa from 23:00. Nightclub with a young fashionable crowd imbibing cocktails in the lounge or dancing to the tunes spun by the DJs. Usually special events. Drinks from kr 60, cocktails from kr 80. (updated Jan 2016)
In Denmark, a bodega is a traditional Danish pub or bar. The bodega has a long cultural history in Denmark and is conceptually somewhat similar to an English pub, but only a few places offer meals and live music. You could warm up at one before going to a concert or a fancy club, or you can drop in for a coffee or a beer in the afternoon. It should be fairly easy to find yourself engaged in a conversation at these places, as the majority of people are here to socialize and unwind.
Peder Wessel, Niels Juels Gade 49 (go to Tordenskjoldsgade, the main street on Trøjborg), ☏ +45 30 36 75 16. M-Sa from 11:00, closed Sundays. Nice classic bodega on Trøjborg, north of the city center. Relaxing and cosy atmosphere on the week days, but packed with people ready to party on weekend nights. Often live music. (updated Jul 2019)
In the older days, when alcohol was seen as a basic thirst-quencher for the working man, bars were much more abundant. These were watering holes with the sole purpose of serving cheap beers all day, every day. The Danish word for these basic bars is værtshus, which loosely translates as "hosting-house": in other words, a place that hosts people for drinking. Times have changed, but there are still some of these places left in Aarhus, many with their own peculiar charm. They are mostly frequented by regulars, but visiting strangers are welcomed too. The crowd at these places can be a lovely mix of joyful people at times, especially weekend nights.
Ceres TOP pilsner is the de rigueur beer in bodegaer and værtshuse, but other alcoholic beverages are usually available too, along with coffee and soft drinks. An "Aarhus set" consists of a Ceres TOP with a shot of Arnbitter on the side, both beverages from Aarhus. Shots of black liquorice-flavoured vodka, often referred to as Fisk, are popular with young people.
In popular usage, the terminology can be confusing: the words værtshus, bodega, and café are nowadays often employed indiscriminately in business names, and in particular værtshus can be used for any kind of bar. To learn more about the true original værtshus concept — and to learn how to differentiate between the three categories yourself — you can start your field research at these spots:
Bro Cafeen (Bro Cafe), Frederiks Allé 61 A (at the Frederiksbroen bridge), ☏ +45 86 12 86 11. M-Th 11:00-22:00, F Sa 11:00-01:00, Su 11:00-18:00. Claimed by some to be the oldest værtshus in Aarhus still in operation, Bro Cafeen has presumably served thirsty guests since 1899. Nice old-fashioned, bright yellow townhouse at an excellent location, right at the central Frederiksbroen bridge. Outside terrace, dart, and occasionally live music. (updated Apr 2016)
Harmonien, Mejlgade 109, ☏ +45 86 12 67 47. Every day from 13:00. Gamers take note: apart from the cheap beer and drinks served at this traditional værtshus, you can also play snooker, darts, foosball, and even try your luck on a couple of slot machines if you like. With TVs at the bar invariably tuned to the big game, Harmonien is also a great place to cheer for the home team with the locals. Smoking allowed. (updated Apr 2016)
Cirkuskroen, Skovvejen 23. Every day from around 12:00. Located at an odd location a bit outside of the central scene, not too far from Harmonien, and close to Trøjborg, Cirkuskroen is a tiny bar with a long history. It owes its name to the fact that its former owners were a family of circus performers, and accordingly, the place is decorated with clowns and old circus paraphernalia. As a speciality of the house, a unique spiced bitter can be had, along with your beer. Have a listen to Kim Larsen or John Mogensen at the jukebox; both iconic Danish troubadours. Smoking allowed. Beer kr 20. (updated Jan 2016)
Jacob Skomager, Frederiks allé 149 (near the southern end of the long Frederiks Allé road in the Frederiksbjerg neighbourhood). Every day from 10:00. A regular værtshus with an old fashioned decor in an area with many local værtshus bars. Smoking allowed. Drop in for a cup of coffee in the early afternoon or a beer after work. You can get hot dogs at the small square opposite this place. Fun fact: Jacob Skomager is a character from the Renaissance play Jeppe på Bjerget by celebrated writer Ludvig Holberg. (updated Jan 2016)
Prices for hotels are generally higher than in other parts of Europe, but there are a number budget options of a good quality.
Apart from the well known hotels listed below, there are also options for small bed and breakfasts — usually located some distance outside the city centre — as well as private stays and holiday rentals.
The Danhostel in the beautiful and tranquil forest-park of Riis Skov just north of the city centre.
Aarhus Camping, Randersvej 400 (4 km north of town), ☏ +45 86 23 11 33, info@aarhuscamping.dk. A campsite in Lisbjerg, with easy access to nature. Bus lines connect easily to the city centre in about 15-20 minutes. Peak season prices: kr 87, children kr 49, pitch fee kr 25.
Blommehaven Camping, Ørneredvej 35, ☏ +45 86 27 02 07, blommehaven@dcu.dk. In Marselisborg Forest 5 km south of the city centre lies this campsite with cabins.
Cab Inn, Kannikegade 14 (in the centre between the Cathedral and Åen), ☏ +45 86 75 70 00, aarhus@cabinn.com. Rooms at this hotel are quite small, but include a TV and private shower and toilet. From kr 499. (updated Nov 2019)
Danhostel, Marienlundsvej 10 (in Riis Skov), ☏ +45 86 21 21 20, info@aarhusdanhostel.dk. A hostel with a kitchen perfect for guests who are self-catering their meals. From kr 250.
Wakeup Hotel, M.P. Bruuns Gade 27 (in the same building complex as the Central Station), ☏ +45 44800000. Relatively new (2017) highrise hotel right in the city center, next to the Central Station. Clean and slick design with 315 nonsmoking rooms (with free Wi-Fi and flatscreen TVs), bicycle rental, lounge areas, a 24-hour reception, and a breakfast restaurant, all for a budget-friendly price. from kr 400. (updated Jun 2017)
Zleep Hotel Aarhus, Viby Ringvej 4 (in Viby, 500 m from the E45 motorway), ☏ +45 70 235 635, aarhus@zleephotels.com. High-rise hotel south of the city centre. Breakfast buffet, free internet plus free and safe parking. There is a large, yet cosy, Chinese restaurant at the ground floor and a shopping mall right next door. kr 499.
BOOK1 Design Hostel, Møllegade 3A, Mølleparken, 8000 Aarhus C, ☏ +45 88 30 15 00, info@book1.dk. The hostel is in the renovated building of the former public library in Aarhus. Close to ARoS art museum and the other attractions of the city center. The owner, Brøchner Hotels, describes this new hostel as "a hybrid that combines classic hostel elements like bund bed dorms, laundry facilities, and ping pong tables with luxury hotel elements such as private rooms and suites". From kr 250. (updated May 2021)
Scandinavian Center Aarhus with the Radisson Blu Hotel
First Hotel Atlantic, Europaplads 10 (at Europaplads), ☏ +45 86 13 11 11. Set in a modern high-rise building with views across the harbour and the city. Limited safe parking for a fee. Breakfast option. From kr 756.
Havnehotellet, Marselisborg Havnevej 20, ☏ +45 7022 5530, bbhotels@bbhotels.dk. A clean, modern, and completely unstaffed hotel at the pleasant Marselisborg Marina where the check-in process is entirely computerized: you can stroll out of your room and watch the sunset with a bottle of wine from the vending machine! There are a couple of restaurants and an ice cream shop nearby. From kr 650.
Hotel Ferdinand, Åboulevarden 28, ☏ +45 87 32 14 44, mail@hotelferdinand.dk. Small exclusive boutique hotel with a prime location on the riverside in the city centre. Suites and studios are large and luxurious, but few in number. On the ground floor you have a renowned brasserie and restaurant with a stylish decor, and in the backyard you have the excellent, equally stylish, and more low-key FF Aarhus restaurant. From kr 891. (updated Jul 2016)
Hotel Ritz, Banegårdspladsen 12, ☏ +45 8613 4444, mail@hotelritz.dk. Modern chain hotel next to the Central Station, operated by the Best Western group. Breakfast buffet and notable MASH steakhouse restaurant. From kr 985.
Hotel Oasia, Kriegersvej 27, ☏ +45 8732 3715, mail@hoteloasia.dk. Hotel Oasia is in a central but quiet location close to the Central Station. Rooms are smartly furnished in modern Nordic style. Nice lounge and breakfast buffet. The entire hotel is non-smoking. From kr 1195.
Radisson SAS Scandinavia Hotel, Aarhus, Margrethepladsen 1 (at Margrethepladsen in the Scandinavian Congress Center), ☏ +45 8612 8665, reservations.aarhus@radissonblu.com. Large, modern chain hotel centrally located next to the City Hall and the Concert Halls. Big breakfast buffet. Restaurant and bar RAA offers three and five-course gourmet dinners. From kr 805.
Scandic The Mayor Hotel, Banegaardspladsen 14, ☏ +45 87320100, hotel@themayor.dk. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 11:00. A modern chain hotel next to the City Hall and the Central Station. Large full breakfast with bread baked in the hotel's own bakery and good gluten-free and lactose-free options. A superb in-house restaurant Gäst open for lunch and dinner. 24-hour convenience store and safe car parking for a fee. From kr 940. (updated Jun 2015)
Hotel Royal, in the city centre. Historic hotel from 1901.
Comwell Aarhus, Værkmestergade 2 (at Aarhus City Towers), ☏ +45 8672 8000, hotel.aarhus@comwell.dk. Aarhus' tallest skyscraper is where you'll find this 240-room hotel with rooms decorated in modern style. Fitness, restaurant, bar and lounges. Restaurant V serves every day, all day. Limited options for car parking. Green Key certified. kr 1298.
Helnan Marselis Hotel, Strandvejen 25 (near Mindeparken), ☏ +45 86 14 44 11, marselis@helnan.dk. A bit south of the city centre, this monumental waterfront hotel was designed by Danish architects Friis and Molkte and completed in 1967. Free parking, bicycle rental, swimming pool and fitness. In-house Restaurant Marselis and bar serves every day, all day. From kr 1350.
SOFS Boutique Hotel, Guldsmedgade 40, ☏ +45 86 13 45 50, reception@sofshotel.dk. A small hotel in the Latin Quarter. A bit expensive for what you get, but it has a nice patio and good breakfast buffet. Green Globe certified and all food and drink here is organic. From kr 1345. (updated Feb 2023)
Hotel Royal, Store Torv 4, ☏ +45 86 12 00 11, royal@hotelroyal.dk. Opened in 1838, you'll find this grand old hotel right in the city centre, with the iconic pair of bronze sculptures (the work of local artist Hans Krull) standing guard out front. The rooms are smartly decorated, and there's also an English garden and casino. Hotel Royal is closed for renovation till May 2024. From kr 1645.
Hotel Villa Provence, Fredens Torv 12, ☏ +45 8618 2400, hotel@villaprovence.dk. A small French oasis in the center of Aarhus, with an intimate atmosphere and brimming with character. kr 1400.
Scandic Aarhus City, Østergade 10, ☏ +45 8931 8100, aarhuscity@scandichotels.com. Large hotel in the city centre with fitness rooms and underground car parking. In-house restaurant L'øst serves every day, as does the chic adjacent lounge bar and café. From kr 1645.
Scandic Aarhus Vest, Rytoften 3, ☏ +45 8615 6844, aarhus@scandichotels.com. A modern six-storey hotel 4 km from the city centre, with Wi-Fi, parking, and breakfast all free. There's also a 24-hour convenience store. From kr 1354.
Radisson RED Hotel, Aarhus (Radisson RED), Frederiksgade 88 Vester Alle 4 (city centre), ☏ +45 89333300. Check-in: 24 hours. (updated Feb 2020)
Kroer (singular kro) are traditional country inns of a type that has a long history in Denmark: a nationwide network of these places was laid out by royal decree beginning in the 13th century (and culminating in the 17th) in order to provide easy shelter, dining and fresh horses for the king and his entourage when travelling through the country. Others emerged in places like village halls and old flour mills to provide food and accommodation for larger gatherings and celebrations in the surrounding rural communities. Today, kroer are usually held in high social regard. If you're looking for an all-inclusive getaway in a romantic countryside setting, yet not too far away from the action of the central city, this might be the option you're looking for.
Norsminde Kro, one of several notable guesthouses in the countryside near Aarhus.
Malling Kro, Stationspladsen 2, 8340 Malling​ (about 12 km south of Aarhus), ☏ +45 86 93 10 25, info@mallingkro.dk. Dating from 1884, Malling Kro has a superb onsite restaurant with a renowned wine list that's won the place membership in the prestigious Confrérie de la Chaîne des Rôtisseurs and Ordre Mondial des Gourmets Dégustateurs. From kr 675. (updated Jun 2016)
Norsminde Kro, Gl. Krovej 2, 8300 Odder (in Norsminde), ☏ +45 86 93 24 44, Norsminde@norsminde-kro.dk. This historic kro boasts an outstanding high-end gourmet restaurant as well as a more informal and affordable brasserie serving breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner, and dessert. There's also easy access to good beaches from this place. From kr 598. (updated Jun 2016)
Nørre Vissing Kro, Låsbyvej 122 (22 km west of Aarhus, in Nørre Vissing), ☏ +45 86 94 37 16, MM@nr-vissing-kro.dk. With over 200 years of tradition under its belt, you'll find Nørre Vissing Kro in a beautiful countryside setting west of Aarhus, in the small village of the same name. From kr 845. (updated Jun 2016)
Sabro Kro (Montra Hotel Sabro Kro), Viborgvej 780, 8471 Sabro (12 km from Aarhus), ☏ +45 86 94 89 22, sabrokro@sabrokro.dk. Unlike the stereotypical Danish kro, the vibe here is unrelentingly modern. But don't be deceived: this place can go toe to toe with the competition in terms of history, established by royal decree no later than 1855. Sabro is a rather large kro, with close to seventy double rooms, several suites with spa and other luxury facilities, and room to accommodate conferences, events, and even concerts. There's fine food at the restaurant (including weekend brunch), and the owners' efforts to operate the place in an environmentally conscious way have earned Sabro Kro the international Green Key certificate as well as a silver certificate as a TripAdvisor GreenLeader. From kr 1095. (updated Jun 2016)
Nearly all hotels supply free Wi-Fi and limited workspaces. Most cafés also offers free Wi-Fi for customers, but gazing into your laptop for more than half-an-hour in a café is usually disapproved and you are best advised to find another spot to satisfy your digital needs. In this case Aarhus's free municipal WiFi network, Smart Aarhus, can be freely accessed in and around most public squares, parks, and institutions, including the Urban Mediaspace of Dokk1 where finding a spot to sit around should not be a problem.
If you need to use a computer, the library at Dokk1 has several terminals for public use, with Internet access through an SMS authentication system and printing services available for a fee. Also free Wi-Fi throughout the building.
In Denmark, all newer buildings — and quite a few older ones as well — are specially equipped with ramps, elevators, lifts, and sometimes escalators to help handicapped people navigate the public space. As well, the beeping sound you hear coming from the traffic lights at some of Aarhus' busier intersections are there to help visually impaired pedestrians know when it's safe to cross. Guide dogs are allowed in most places (even in some cinemas), and personnel are unusually friendly and helpful towards the handicapped.
The homeless in Aarhus are usually harmless (to the point where you could make small talk with many of them), and aggressive begging is uncommon. Many of them earn a nominal income selling the street newspaper Hus Forbi ("House Passed") to passersby in public places.
Austria (Consul Steffen Ebdrup), Hans Broges Gade 2, 8000 Århus C, ☏ +45 89 34 00 00, seb@holst-law.com. (updated Jun 2019)
Belgium (Consul Carsten Henriksen), DOKK1, Hack Kampmanns Plads 2, Niveau 3, 8000 Århus C, ☏ +45 33 34 07 90, carsten.henriksen@dlpiper.com. (updated Jun 2019)
Burkina Faso (Consul Jens Pauli), Hjortevænget 11, 8270 Højbjerg, ☏ +45 40 27 76 24, konsulburkina@gmail.com. (updated Jun 2019)
Chile (Consul Kjeld Ranum), Skovboulevarden 8, Stevnstrup, 8870 Langå, ☏ +45 40 28 40 37, k.ranum@mail.tele.dk. (updated Jun 2019)
Croatia (Consul Jakob Østervang), Bech-Bruun, Værkmestergade 2, 8000 Århus C, ☏ +45 72 27 00 00, fax: +45 72 27 00 27, consulate.croatia@bechbruun.com. (updated Jun 2019)
Cyprus (Consul Zooulla Winding Jensen), Oldrupvej 57, 8350 Hundslund, ☏ +45 40 68 05 38, windingzoe@gmail.com. (updated Jun 2019)
Czech Republic (Consul Mark Stig Hellstern), Sofienlystvej 6-8, 8340 Malling, ☏ +45 88 80 82 40, aarhus@honorary.mzv.cz. (updated Jun 2019)
Estonia (Consul Claus Emil Engel Johansen), Østhavnsvej 5, 8000 Århus C, ☏ +45 70 10 05 55, fax: +45 70 20 05 75, sk@f-t.dk. (updated Jun 2019)
France (Consul Allan Aagaard), Skolegade 4, 8000 Århus C, ☏ +45 40 60 88 62, allan.aagaard@aarhusteater.dk. (updated Jun 2019)
Germany (Consul Klaus Schäfer), P.O. Pedersens Vej 10, 8200 Aarhus N, ☏ +45 28 92 23 98, aarhus@hk-diplo.de. (updated Jun 2019)
Hungary (Consul Heine Sveistrup Jensen), Helgesvej 18, 8230 Åbyhøj, ☏ +45 86 18 49 33, fax: +45 86 19 81 11, consul@huconsulate.com. (updated Jun 2019)
Iceland (Consul Carl Erik Skovgaard Sørensen), DLA Piper Denmark, DOKK 1, Hack Kampmanns Plads 2, 8000 Århus C, ☏ +45 33 34 00 00, fax: +45 33 34 00 01, carl.erik.skovgaard@dlapiper.com. (updated Jun 2019)
Italy (Consul Carlo Domenico Prola), Laksedalen 81, 8220 Brabrand, ☏ +45 42 37 69 65, carloprola@gmail.com. (updated Jun 2019)
Malta (Consul Mogens Ellerbæk), Flakvej 3, 8240 Risskov, maltaconsul.aarhus@gov.mt. (updated Jun 2019)
Mexico (Consul Klaus Erik Krogh), Stenvej 25 B, 1, 8270 Højbjerg, ☏ +45 87 40 80 00, mail@mexicon.ck. (updated Jun 2019)
Netherlands (Consul Jochem van Rijn), Vestre Skovvej 14, 8240 Risskov, ☏ +45 20 60 73 62, jochem.van.rijn@tmf-group.com. (updated Jun 2019)
Norway (Consul Erik Rasmussen), Axel Kiers Vej 13, 8270 Højbjerg, ☏ +45 23 28 02 48, konsulat@viabiler.dk. (updated Jun 2019)
Oman (Consul Ole Munch), Strandvænget 5 B, 8240 Risskov, ☏ +45 86 17 50 72, fax: +45 86 17 50 58, consulate@medipure.dk. (updated Jun 2019)
Philippines (Consul Henrik Esmann Lindberg), Bjarkesvej 30, 8230 Åbyhøj, ☏ +45 29 17 70 40, philcon@philcon.dk. (updated Jun 2019)
Poland (Consul Jesper Ørskov Nielsen), Mariane Thomsens Gade 1, 8, 8000 Århus C, ☏ +45 87 34 34 34, jn@interlex.dk. (updated Jun 2019)
Romania (Consul Michael Holm), Systematic A/S, Søren Frichs Vej 39, 8000 Århus C, fax: +45 89 43 20 20, rumanian.consulate.aarhus@gmail.com. (updated Jun 2019)
Slovakia (Consul Claus Jørgen Søgaard Poulsen), Marselisborg Havnevej 56, 2., 8000 Århus C, ☏ +45 70 26 70 10, mo@innovater.dk. (updated Jun 2019)
Slovenia (Consul Knud Kristensen), Stenvadet 6, 8240 Risskov, ☏ +45 86 20 42 00, fax: +45 86 17 18 17, mail@slovenien.dk. (updated Jun 2019)
Sweden (Consul Søren Hammer Westmark), Sct. Clemens Stræde 7, 1. sal, ☏ +45 87 32 12 50, shw@clemenslaw.dk. (updated Jun 2019)
Switzerland (Consul Jacob Ravn Nielsen), Agro Food Park 13, 8200 Århus N, ☏ +45 21 48 48 67. (updated Jun 2019)
Ukraine (Consul Morten Sønderby Hansen Munk), Marselis Boulevard 1, 8000 Århus C, ☏ +45 70 22 84 55, mm@mafcon.com. (updated Jun 2019)
United Kingdom (Consul Henrik Kleis), Åboulevarden 13, 8000 Århus C, ☏ +45 70 11 11 22, hk@delacour.dk. (updated Jun 2019)
In case of medical emergency, tourists should call the general medical emergency line at +45 70 11 31 31 or, in the case of life-threatening emergencies, 112. There is only one emergency centre serving all of Aarhus. It is located at the new Aarhus University Hospital out of town in the northern district of Skejby. Take note, that you are required to call in advance in any circumstance!
There are many pharmacies (Apotek) in Aarhus, in the city centre as well as the outlying districts. Supermarkets and some shops also sell non-prescription medicine. At the  Aarhus Løve Apotek near the Cathedral, medicine can be picked up all week 06:00-24:00.
COVID-19 tests for foreign tourists: If you are a "close contact" or have symptoms of Covid-19, you should have a PCR test. PCR tests are free of charge in Denmark. Non-Danish citizens have to register at Covidresults.dk before showing up at a test centre. More information.
Explore the East Jutland region with Aarhus as a base, be it day trips or longer stopovers. The region offers many kinds of activities and experiences, especially in the summertime.
Rosenholm Castle. There are several interesting historic manors in the countryside around Aarhus.
A trip through the immediate countryside around Aarhus — say, to the Jeksendalen valley southwest of town, or around Norsminde Fjord on the coast — combined with a nice meal at a roadside kro can make for a great little getaway from the city. This is best done on four wheels rather than two: many roads here are narrow, there are no bike lanes, and car traffic can be fast-moving.
Djursland is the "nose" of Jutland immediately northeast of Aarhus, a thinly-populated rural area where folks have made a living farming and fishing for millenia — a history you can get a sense of in the preserved Medieval-era old town of Ebeltoft, or at the ruins of Kalø Castle, both part of Mols Bjerge National Park which comprises most of southern Djursland. If animals are your thing, you'll find Kattegatcentret, an aquarium in Grenå where you can swim with seals, as well as a pair of open-air zoos: Skandinavisk Dyrepark with large animals related to Scandinavia exclusively, and Ree Park Safari with a plethora of exotic animals from all around the world. Also popular is Djurs Sommerland, an amusement park with thrill rides including the largest rollercoaster in Northern Europe. North of Aarhus is Randers, home to a jungle zoo as well as Gammel Estrup, a manorhouse-museum situated in one of the many castles and manors that dot the region.
Søhøjlandet, the "lake highlands", is a scenic region of forests, hills and lakes west and south of Aarhus that's historically important as home to medieval religious orders and the birthplace of the Danish national state. Hiking is a major attraction of this region: the Aarhus-Silkeborg hiking trail leads from the city centre through a scenic landscape of rivers and lakes to the town of Silkeborg, where you'll find an impressive modern art museum and yet another aquarium — Ferskvandscentret — displaying native freshwater aquatic species. From Silkeborg you can press on to Himmelbjerget, or the Sky Mountain, one of the highest points in Denmark with an impressive view of the surrounding landscape from the red brick tower on top. Elsewhere in the region is Skanderborg, a small historic town that was once the royal family's favorite hunting grounds and later during the Second World War served as headquarters of the Danish faction of the Luftwaffe (you can explore this history at the Skanderborg Museum), and Horsens, a port town that's home of the European Medieval Festival.
Samsø is clearly visible from Aarhus across the bay, and is accessible by car ferry from the village of Hou. A new small catamaran ferry (no vehicles except bicycles), M/F Lilleør, also connects the center of Aarhus with Samsø. The pace slows on this pastoral island powered entirely by renewable energy, with golf, horseback riding, and fine dining all on offer.
Vejle, Southern Jutland's regional capital, boasts a range of historic and art museums as well as Trekantsområdets Festuge, a 10-day regional cultural festival akin to Aarhus Festuge.
Viborg is - like Aarhus - an old Cathedral town with an interesting townscape full of history, quirky alleyways and summertime street life. It is a work-hard, play-hard town, home of one of Denmark's most popular and dominant football teams. Viborg has been administrative capital of the entire Region Midtjylland (Central Denmark Region) since 2007.
Denmark's third-largest city, Odense, is the birthplace of fairy-tale fabulist Hans Christian Andersen, and it plays that connection to the hilt for the benefit of tourists: the house he grew up in is now a museum, Little Mermaid statues dot the town liberally, and there are parades and monuments in his honor.
A lively student culture rules the day in Aalborg, in the far north of Denmark, home of the eponymous University of Aalborg as well as Jomfru Ane Gade, the longest bar street in Scandinavia.
This city travel guide to Aarhus has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!