Aomori City as seen from Aomori Bay
Aomori (青森), the capital of Aomori Prefecture, Japan, is on Mutsu Bay, at the northern tip of Honshu.
The local tourist association has a multilingual guide site.
Aomori Airport (AOJ IATA). It is served by Japan Airlines (JAL), ANA, FDA (Fuji Dream Airlines), and Korean Air. JAL flights arrive from Tokyo Haneda Airport, Nagoya Centrair Airport, Osaka Itami Airport, Sapporo Chitose Airport, and Fukuoka Airport. ANA flights arrive from Osaka Itami Airport and Sapporo Chitose Airport. FDA flights arrive from Nagoya Komaki Airport. Korean Air flights arrive from Seoul Incheon Airport. (updated Feb 2024)
Buses connect the airport to the Aomori train station for ¥700. The bus ride lasts 35 minutes.
From Tokyo, Tohoku Shinkansen Hayabusa (はやぶさ) and Hayate (はやて) trains run to Shin-Aomori station (新青森) on the way towards Hakodate in Hokkaido. From Shin-Aomori, regular trains shuttle passengers over to the more centrally-located Aomori station (青森). Ticketed passengers are permitted to shuttle between these two stations in the non-reserved car of any train, even if a limited express train heading towards Aomori departs first. Expect the total journey to take 3½ to 4 hours, depending on the transfer and wait times at Shin-Aomori. Note that it may be faster to take a bus between Shin-Aomori and the city center (Aomori station or even closer to your accommodation) because the trains aren't necessarily timed to the Shinkansen.
The regular one-way fare from Tokyo to Aomori is ¥17,350 on the Hayabusa - slightly cheaper for the Hayate - and so for foreign tourists the better deal for the round-trip is to purchase a JR East Rail Pass - Tohoku Area (¥19,000 for advance purchase), which can be used on any 5 days within a 14-day period.
If your travel plans include other parts of the country, the better option will be the national Japan Rail Pass. If your plans only include travel around Tohoku and Hokkaido, consider the JR East-South Hokkaido Rail Pass, which is slightly cheaper than the national pass (¥26,000 for advance purchase) and covers travel from Tokyo to Aomori, Hakodate and Sapporo. It can be used on any 6 days within a 14-day period.
Note that the Green Car version of the national Japan Rail Pass is valid for Green Cars on the Hayate and Hayabusa, but any version of the pass will cover just the basic fare for the business class seating on the Hayabusa, known as Gran Class. Passengers (including Japan Rail Pass holders) using "Gran Class" will be pampered with an all-leather seat resembling business class on an airplane, a personal on-call cabin attendant, light meals and complimentary alcoholic beverages. If you use Gran Class with a Japan Rail Pass, you must pay the Shinkansen express charge and the Gran Class surcharge (¥16,960 from Tokyo). Without a Japan Rail Pass, Gran Class costs ¥27,110 between Tokyo and Aomori.
Aomori, at the northernmost point of Honshu, is the terminating point for several highway buses.
From Tokyo Station, JR Bus Tohoku's La Foret service runs once per night, reaching Aomori in 9 1/2 hours at a cost of ¥9,000 each way on Fridays, Saturdays and the day before holidays, and ¥8,500 on all other days. Konan Bus' Tsugaru runs over the same route; their bus costs ¥7,500 each way, or ¥9,000 during peak travel periods.
From Ueno Station in Tokyo, Konan Bus runs discounted bus services to Aomori: a daytime service called Sky (¥5,000) and two night services called Panda (¥4,500; ¥5,000 during peak travel periods). These buses take longer to Aomori - about 11 hours each way - due to an additional stop made in Hirosaki.
Willer Express operates several buses from Tokyo Station, Tokyo Disneyland and Shinjuku to Aomori with prices starting from about ¥5,000. Bookings can be made online in English.
Four bus operators jointly run Blue City daytime buses between Sendai and Aomori (5 hours, ¥5,700). There are more runs during the summer months than the rest of the year.
Seikan Ferry and Tsugaru Kaikyo Ferry operate ferry services from Aomori to the port of Hakodate with multiple departures daily. Trips take 3 hr 45 min. One way fares are cheapest on the Seikan Ferry, ¥1600 for a carpet space. The Tsugaru Kaikyo's Blue Dolphin ferry offers several classes of service, from standard carpet space (¥2220 one-way) up to a suite with two beds and an in-room shower and toilet (¥4940 one-way) and a luxurious suite that adds a living room (¥12,340 one-way). During peak travel periods, these fares are higher.
Tsugaru Kaikyo offers online booking of all of their ferry services in English through a third party. Fares are paid in euros and reservations are confirmed within 48 hours of booking. They also offer checked baggage service for an extra fee.
Cars and motorcycles can also be carried on some of these ferries.
Taxis are always available from the train station.
Buses: Go to the bus terminal outside the train station and tell the attendant at the city bus counter where you'd like to go. He or she will tell you which number bus stop to wait at, what time the bus will come, and where to get off. On city buses, you'll pay when you get off the bus.
The Nebutan-go shuttle bus runs clockwise and counter-clockwise circles stopping at both Aomori and Shin-Aomori Stations, the Prefectural Art Museum, and other tourist sites about once an hour during the morning and afternoon. ¥200 per ride; a one-day pass is ¥500.
Anything in the downtown Shinmachi area is easily accessible by foot.
Information center (Next to the train station). In this well-staffed center you can make enquiries about the city, accommodation and transportation.
Nebuta House Wa Rasse (ねぶたの家ワ・ラッセ), 1 Chome-1-1 Yasukata (turn left out of Aomori Station), ☏ +81 17-752-1311. The distinctive red building houses exhibits about the Nebuta, including several floats, if you're unable to make it during festival season. ¥600 for adults.
Aomori Bay Bridge (青森ベイブリッジ Aomori Bei Buridji). This bridge spans a short harbor inlet near Aomori Station and the former ferry port. (updated Nov 2019)
Hakkōda-maru Memorial Ship (八甲田丸) (left from the train station towards the giant boat). The ferry which connected Hokkaido and Aomori prior to the building of the Seikan Submarine Tunnel is now a somewhat run down museum, but worth checking out if you're interested in regional history, trains, or boats. The rear part of the deck of the ferry serves as a beer garden on summer nights.
Tsugaru Kaikyō Fuyu-Geshiki (津軽海峡・冬景色). This memorial alongside the ferry terminal looks like it might honor some historical event or local hero, but it's actually dedicated to a song. Meaning "Tsugaru Strait winter scenery", the 1977 hit ballad is an all-time karaoke favorite.
ASPAM (Aomori Prefecture Tourist Center) (アスパム). A large triangular building that can be easily spotted from the train station or the bridge, this is the tourism center for all of Aomori prefecture. It includes a movie about the prefecture (Japanese only) and an observation deck with views of the harbor and city (extra charge).
Aomori Prefectural Museum (青森県立美術館). Exhibits about the natural and cultural history of Aomori prefecture.
Munakata Shiko Memorial Museum of Art (棟方志功記念館), 2-1-2 Matsubara (15 minutes by car from Aomori Station), ☏ +81 177774567. 09:30-17:00. Shiko Munakata is famous for his woodblock prints, displayed in this very small gallery along with some of his paintings and calligraphy. Closed Mondays except for national holidays and during Nebuta. ¥500.
Utou Shrine (善知鳥神社) (15-minute walk from Aomori Station). There are nice gardens and ponds tucked away behind the main shrine. There's also a "power spot" -- it's said if you wash your coins in a certain fountain there, you'll be free from money troubles.
Replica of a Jomon building at the Sannai-Maruyama site
Sannai Maruyama (三内丸山) (next to the Aomori Museum of Art). A historical site dedicated to the Jomon people, as many Jomon artifacts and construction remains have been uncovered here. The special significance of this site is that there are two types of constructions that indicate a change from a nomadic to a sedentary way of life. The site has reconstructions of buildings from the Jomon area. As the Jomon diet seems to have included chestnuts, don't miss the chestnut ice cream cones in the gift shop. free.
Aomori Prefectural Museum of Art (青森県立美術館), 185 Chikano, Yasuta (From the JR Aomori train station 10-15 minutes by car or taxi, 20-30 minutes by bus bound for "SANNAI MARUYAMA ISEKI"), ☏ +81 17-783-3000. Jun-Sep: 09:00 - 18:00; Oct-May: 09:30 - 17:00. A well maintained museum with a permanent collection featuring Marc Chagall's backdrops for Aleko, large collections by Aomori natives Yoshitomo Nara, Shiko Munakata, and other artists from Aomori and abroad. The Sannai Maruyama site is within walking distance. ¥500.
A hot springs resort town on Mutsu bay with a large number of inns. At many of the inns and hotels, you can pay a small fee to use the bath even if you're not staying overnight.
Asamushi Aquarium (浅虫水族館 asamushi suizokukan). A nice aquarium that features a dolphin show and a transparent underwater tunnel.
One of the large floats of the Nebuta Festival
Aomori Nebuta Festival (青森ねぶた祭り aomori nebuta matsuri). August 2–7. This is not only Aomori's but one of Japan's most famous festivals. The town suddenly becomes very lively, with many street stalls. The main feature is the evening parade with huge illuminated paper lanterns featuring scenes from famous kabuki plays and famous Japanese legends being pulled through the streets while costumed dancers dance around them. It was thought to have originated as a Tanabata Festival with small lanterns and gradually grew over time. Althought today the floats are lit by incandescent lightbulbs, it's still called a "fire festival" because the lanterns were originally lit by candles. The night parades run from August 2-6, and on the final day, August 7, there is a daytime parade that concludes with an extensive fireworks display while some of the Nebuta lanterns float around the bay on boats. Everybody can join the parade, as long as they wear the festival costume. To rent the costume, enquire at the tourist center next to the train station..
Machinaka Onsen (まちなか温泉 machinaka onsen) (turn right leaving Aomori Station and walk 2 blocks to Route 7; turn left; the onsen will be on the left about a block later). If you're tired, weary, and want a bath without going all the way to Asamushi Onsen, you can enjoy a hot spring bath just a few minutes walk from Aomori Station. The small bath outside is nice.
Hakkoda Ropeway (八甲田ロープウェー hakkōda rōpuwē), 1 - 12, Kansuizawa, Arakawa, ☏ +81177380343. The ropeway operates year round for skiers, snowboarders, hikers, and anyone who just wants to see the view from the Hakkoda Mountains. You can snowboard until May here. ¥1850 for round trip; ¥1180 for one way (adult).
Moya Hills (モヤヒルズ) (30-45 minutes from the city center by car). Ski resort close to the city. Roller luge, camping, and special events in the summer.
Regional specialties include Tsugaru-nuri lacquerware, kogin-zashi embroidery, sakiori weaving, and products made from hiba cypress wood.
ASPAM (leaving Aomori Station, go straight down Shinmachi; turn left onto Aspam Dori at the fourth traffic light. ASPAM is at the end of the street). For loading up on regional souvenirs, head to ASPAM, the unusual-looking triangular building located just behind the bridge on the harbor. It contains an exhibition hall for promoting tourism and local products.
A-FACTORY (1 minute walk north of Aomori Station). For edible souvenirs and local food products, stop by A-FACTORY next to Aomori Station. There are several take-out cafes and places to sit and eat on the boardwalk overlooking the bay. Sparkling apple wine called "cidre" is also made, sold, and served here (non-alcoholic cidre is also available). The restaurant upstairs specializes in dishes featuring French buckwheat crepes and local ingredients.
Aomori's list of food specialties is extensive, but the headliners include apples, scallops, and garlic.
Aomori Gyosai Center (青森魚菜センター), 1-11-16 Furukawa (go straight when you leave Aomori Station; turn right after Auga Department Store. Turn left on the next main street, Niko Niko Dori (Smile Street). Turn right on the first side street; the market has a big red sign that says 青森魚菜センター). 07:00-16:00, closed Tuesdays.. If you're looking for a unique lunch featuring lots of fresh, local seafood, try making your own nokkedon sushi bowl at this seafood and vegetable market. First, buy tickets from the counter with the 丼 flag. Get a bowl of rice, and then trade your tickets for the toppings of your choice from vendors throughout the market. You can eat and help yourself to tea at picnic tables throughout the market. from about ¥1000 depending on your selections.
Osanai (おさない) (100 m away from the train station). A small restaurant that serves local meals at a reasonable price. Try the scallops (hotate), or the local dish made of soup with seafood containing sea urchins, scallops and egg, and served on a plate that resembles a large scallop shell.
Gusto Aomori Shinmachi branch (ガスト青森新町店), Shinmachi (450 m from Aomori Station, across the street from Hyper Hotel and the Passage courtyard). 07:00-14:00. A chain diner to comfort the weary foreign travelers with late hours, a relaxed atmosphere, a self-serve soft-drink bar, and familiar menu items, all with pictures. The chain has another branch near Higashi-Aomori station.
Aji no Sapporo Asari (味の札幌 浅利), Shinmachi, 1 Chome (go straight from the station and turn left at the Alaska Hotel). Once of Aomori's more unusual specialties is "miso-curry-milk ramen." You can try it at this tiny ramen shop next to the Alaska Hotel.
Saigon (サイゴン) (straight from the station, right at the 4th light; Saigon is about a block down on the right). If you want a break from Japanese food, Saigon has a crazy potpourri of "ethnic" food from Asia, the Americas, and beyond. The menu has lots of pictures. There's an extensive drink menu with "all you can drink" (nomihodai) options available.
Maron (マロン), Yasukata, 2 Chome−6−7 (straight from the station, left at the 5th light (Kencho Dori); on the left; across the street from Utou Shrine), ☏ +81 17-722-4575. 11:00-21:30. Casual cafe with decorated with old clocks and other antique knick-knacks. Morning set, lunch items and sweets available. ¥500-1500.
Smile and Spoon Kitchen Studio (スマイル＆スプーンキッチンスタジオ), 青柳2丁目2-16 (30 minute walk from Aomori Station; next to Aomori Baptist Church), ☏ +81 17-773-2535. Right around the corner from Hotel Aomori. This little cafe has a daily lunch special and a "trip around the world" lunch from a new country each week. about ¥1000.
Local specialties are cidre (シードル, sparkling apple wine) and Denshu (田酒), Aomori's famous sake. Denshu is served in some izakaya and sushi restaurants. The main entertainment district is Honchō (本町). To get there, walk straight down Shinmachi "Amenity Street" for about 15 minutes. Once you cross Yanagi-machi Dōri (a big street with a median strip), you're in Honchō. However, there's plenty to drink in the city center:
Passage Hiroba (パサージュ広場) (5 min walk from the train). Passage Hiroba is a courtyard on the right side of the main street. There are several bars, taverns, and eateries. You can drink outside during warm weather.
Cafe BERRY BERRY (straight from Aomori station, right at fourth light; on the right about two blocks down). Standard bar fare plus darts.
Numerous hotels dot Shinmachi, the main street that stretches out from the train station. These hotels generally increase in price the closer you get to the train station.
Hotel Sunroute Aomori (2 blocks from Aomori Station). For drinks, try Hana-no-ya, the sumo-themed tavern in the basement. If you opt for breakfast, you can enjoy a view of the Mutsu Bay while trying lots of prefectural specialties like Hachinohe's senbei soup, or miso, egg, and scallop cooked in a scallop shell. Single rooms from ¥4000.
Toyoko Inn Aomori Ekimae (in front of Aomori Station). Singles from ¥4800.
Super Hotel Aomori. Singles from ¥4980.
Apple Palace Aomori (アップルパレス青森). This hotel has an onsen. Singles from ¥7875.
Hotel Aomori, 1 Chome-1-23 Tsutsumimachi (in the Honcho entertainment area). Considered one of the nicer hotels in Aomori and popular for weddings and meetings. Single rooms are small but clean. Singles from ¥7300.
Tsubaki-kan (椿館), 〒039-3501 青森県青森市大字浅虫字内野14 (30 minutes by train from Aomori Station, 6 minute walk from Asamushionsen Station), ☏ +81177523341. One of many traditional inns in Asamushi Onsen. There are options for day plans and overnight stays with meals and access to the hot spring bath. from ¥10,000 per person for overnight stays including meals.
The city tourist information center is located next to the bus station on the left as you exit the train station; they have good brochures and maps in English.
Auga (across the street from Aomori Station). There's a computer corner called Ai Plaza on the fourth floor of the Auga department store. You can use computers for up to one hour and print up to 5 pages. There's a library on floors 6-8.
Starbucks (in the Aomori Station building. Another is a 15-minute walk from Shin-Aomori Station). You can use free wifi at the Starbucks on the second floor of Lovina next to the station. You may have to register or sign in with a social media account to connect.
Hirosaki, the "Kyoto of the North", is 45 minutes away by train.
The Shimokita Peninsula, one of the most remote but also one of the most beautiful places in Japan, is a few hours away by train.
Towada-Hachimantai National Park for day trips or overnight stays at onsen ryokan. Hike in the Hakkoda Mountains from trails accessible from Sukayu Onsen or the local cable car, both of which have stops about an hour away from Aomori on a stunning Japan Rail bus ride (covered by JR Pass). Less strenuous hiking along the Oirase Stream and waterfalls, or a visit to Lake Towada are also possible on the same route, 2-3 hours from Aomori.
Hakodate, Hokkaido is two hours away by train.
→ Asamushi Onsen → Misawa → Morioka
→ Owani-Hirosaki → Morioka → Sendai → Tokyo
→ Noheji → Towada → Ninohe
→ Noheji → Towada → Hachinohe
This city travel guide to Aomori is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.