For other places with the same name, see Belgrade (disambiguation).
Belgrade (Serbian: Београд, Beograd) is the capital of the Republic of Serbia and the country's largest city. Belgrade has been re-emerging as a tourist destination in the past years. Often called the party capital of Southeastern Europe, Belgrade is famous for offering numerous entertainment venues, many historical sites, great local food, and warm people. Various styles of architecture are found in the city, and its resurgence in the 21st century as the leading hub in Southeastern Europe makes it a must-see destination.
The city has its own spirit, and in it can be found some not only unique features, but also a healthy joie de vivre in its café culture, nightlife and often a Mediterranean touch in its daily life.
Belgrade, meaning 'White City', has a population of  million people in the urban area (2022). It lies on the confluence of the Sava and Danube Rivers.
Kalemegdan fortress and the statue of Victor
The city has a long history, dating back to the 4th century BC, when the area was settled by Celtic tribes. Later, it became the Roman city of Singidunum, and relics of that era can still be seen in the city, particularly at the Belgrade Fortress. During the Middle Ages the town became a Serbian stronghold until the Ottoman invasion. The city changed hands between the Ottoman and the Austrian empires several times until 1878, when Serbia gained its independence and Belgrade became the capital of the new country.
After the First World War, Belgrade became the seat of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (in 1929, the country changed its name to Kingdom of Yugoslavia) until its collapse in 1943. Due to its strategic location, the city has endured more than 115 wars and has been destroyed more than 40 times. This often violent history and outside influence has colored much of Belgrade's evolution, which is evident in its culture and architecture. Often caught between the hammer and anvil of clashing empires, the city has taken on a unique character, reminiscent of both Austrian and Turkish influences, with a unique set of Communist elements thrown in as Yugoslavia was expelled from the Eastern Bloc in 1948 but followed its own brand of communism until Marshal Tito died in 1980.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmSource: Wikipedia. Visit AccuWeather for a five day forecast.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Belgrade has a temperate continental climate, with hot, humid summers and cold winters with occasional periods of snowfall. Belgrade experiences all four seasons to their maximums, and those visiting are advised to dress appropriately, and keep an eye on the weather forecast, as the city often experiences sudden gusts of the strong Košava wind, storms, and rainfall, particularly during the summer months.
Whilst there isn't much ethnic or cultural diversity in Belgrade compared to other European cities, there are minority communities (largely Roma and Chinese), as well as people from other former Yugoslav republics, such as Bosnia, Croatia and Macedonia. There is also a small expat community. Cultural events from around the world, however, are starting to become increasingly common, particularly in the spring and summer months, sponsored by local arts and culture organizations, and by foreign embassies and cultural centers. These attract a good deal of local attention, and help in raising the city's profile as a cultural hotspot.
Belgradians, like most Serbs, are friendly and hospitable people, who will always go out of their way to make guests feel welcome. Whatever the ethnicity, any tourist who comes to Belgrade and treats the locals kindly will see that kindness returned doubled. Most young people speak English well, and usually another foreign language such as German, Russian, or French. As with any destination, it could prove useful to learn some of the local phrases.
Go Belgrade, ☏ +381 11 26 35 622, information from the Tourist Organisation of Belgrade.
Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport (BEG IATA Aerodrom Nikola Tesla Begorad) (18 km west of city center). The hub for Air Serbia, which has flights to most European capitals, but especially to Balkan cities such as Ljubljana, Podgorica, Sarajevo, Skopje, Sofia, Thessaloniki, Tirana, Tivat and Zagreb. Near-east destinations include Abu Dhabi, Baku, Beirut, Doha, Dubai, Istanbul and Tel Aviv. There are direct flights to New York JFK and to Chicago. AirSerbia operates domestic flights to the two other Serbian international airports, Niš and Kraljevo. For practical purposes there's only a single terminal. Arriving, you pass through the airside lounge before passport control and baggage reclaim. Currency exchange kiosks here give rates within 5% of official rate, good value anywhere. Departing, passport control comes straight after check-in then you enter the airside lounge. There's retail and eating but little general seating. Each departure gate has its own security screen and cramped waiting area without toilets, a thoroughly awkward design. (updated Apr 2019)
Bus 72 runs every 30 mins to Zeleni Venac, close to the inter-city bus station and Republic Square. The fare is RSD 50, pay the driver (and get some small notes at the currency exchange). It's a 40-50 min ride into town, zigzagging through the shopping malls of the western burbs. Buses run daily 05:00-23:30. The bus runs from outside Departures, so from Arrivals you need to go upstairs. At Zeleni Venac the stop for the 72 is the furthest uphill, or most easterly, on the main platform with all the fast food outlets.
Bus 600 runs every 30-40 mins to Cetnral Train Station (Beograd Centar-Prokop). The fare is RSD 50.
Minibus A1 runs between the airport and Slavija Square, stopping at Fontana (Novi Beograd) and the main bus station. The buses are comfortable and air-conditioned. The fare is RSD400, pay the driver. The also accept euros, while the amount demanded is only €4 (which by December 2022 doesn't make much sense). The trip takes 30 minutes. This bus also runs at night, with a short break from around 02:00-04:00.
By taxi – If you prefer taxis, read the precautions described below. The fare from the airport is fixed - most taxi companies have a price list in multiple languages. The price is around RSD3000 to the center and New Belgrade and RSD4000 to the suburbs, and includes luggage. You can order a taxi by phone or simply go to the designated taxi booth, obtain a slip which has your destination written down and hand the slip to the taxi driver.
Belgrade Bus Station (BAS, Београдска аутобуска станица) (just north of the derelict former railway station on Karađorđeva street). Timetables aren't clearly posted, or only in Serbian, so ask inside the terminal building. Various cafes and kiosks here. There's a charge of RSD180 to enter the platform area, normally included in the fare and you receive a plastic token or paper stub with a QR code to get through the gate. If you bought your ticket online, then it might not be included and you'd have to buy a platform card in the terminal. You might also have to pay the bus driver an extra RSD100 per bag placed in the cargo compartment. (updated Aug 2023)
This is the best overland option from western Europe while the railway is being dug up. There are buses at least daily to Budapest (6-7 hours), Sarajevo (7 hours), Sofia (11 hours) and Thessaloniki (10 hours via Niš and Skopje). Buses connect Belgrade to all the main cities of Serbia: some speed along the motorway, others wend and wind through small towns en route, so check: the next departure might not be the quickest option. Quality of coaches is variable. They stop every 3 or 4 hours for a rest break - keep a close watch on your belongings at these stops, and on arrival be intensely suspicious of taxi touts and supposed luggage porters.
Local buses don't use BAS, but the bus stands adjacent south. There are no gates or charges to enter this area.
Note: The line between Budapest and Belgrade via Novi Sad is affected by engineering works. Only Intercity and regional trains between Belgrade and Novi Sad runs, services between Hungary and Serbia might be canceled until at least 2025.
(Information last updated 03 Sep 2022)
Belgrade Center Railway Station (Beograd Centar-Prokop) (2 km south of city centre beyond E-75). The former main station on Karađorđeva Bvd closed in 2018. Westbound trains now run from this station, which is largely unfinished, and has poor onward transport connections. (updated May 2023)
Routes to Centre station include:
Budapest Keleti: 8-9 hours, two daytime trains and one overnight. Departures are around 08:00, 12:00 and 22:00 in both directions (no longer in operation).
Change in Budapest from most destinations further west, and from Eastern Europe. But there is one direct train a day from Vienna (12 hr) via Budapest. There's also one from Zürich (23 hr), via Zagreb (7 hr), Ljubljana (9 hr), Villach (12 hr) and Innsbruck (18 hr).
Trains from Novi Sad run about twice every hour, taking 36-57 minutes depending on the type of express train. Timetables are available on SrbijaVoz website. Regional train tickets cost RSD393 and Soko non-stop train tickets cost RSD483. Be careful that the ticket seller may charge you an extra RSD120 for sitting on the upper deck of the Soko train. The Soko trains are rarely full and train conductors do not check if you're sitting in your assigned seat.
An overnight train "Lovcen" runs to and from Bar (11 hours) via Podgorica and offers a car transport service (note that the cars can only be loaded at the Zemun station, which is the terminus station for these trains. The day train "Tara" runs only during the summer season.
Westbound trains also call at  Novi Beograd on the west bank of the River Sava.
Southbound trains for Thessaloniki, Athens and Istanbul no longer run and probably won't until Belgrade-Niš is upgraded to high-speed rail.
Coming from north or south use the E-75 highway. The Ibarska magistrala (Ibar highway, M-22) approaches from Montenegro and the southwest. From the west (eg Zagreb and Ljubljana) use E-70. There are also major roads from Vršac and Zrenjanin.
Highways have toll stations, which are moderately priced. Serbia's only toll highways are parts of E-70 and E-75, which as A3 goes through the middle of Belgrade. If you're heading for Bulgaria or Greece via Niš, the signs will lead you onto A1 the southern bypass. But except in rush hour, it's just as quick to stay on A3 through the city. A1 is a modern but undivided highway, and you're sure to fetch up behind a slow truckload of watermelons, as heavy goods vehicles are required to use this road and avoid city centre.
Cruises along the Danube sometimes call at Belgrade, but there are no point-to-point ferries.
Belgrade is on European bicycle route Eurovelo 6 which connects the Atlantic Ocean and Black Sea. The route across Serbia is from Budapest via Osijek and Novi Sad to Belgrade, continuing east to Vidin.
44°49′8″N 20°27′27″EThe city center of Belgrade
GSP Beograde (ГСП in Serbian Cyrillic) operates an extensive public transport network of buses, trolleybuses, and trams in the city and its suburbs.
As of 2024 GSP Beograd offers the Beograd +plus app. It allows ticket purchases via sms or credit card and offers basic station timetables.
Google Maps can also be used to find good public transport options.A Belgrade tram You can use the Moovit application for public transit navigation, maps, schedules, real-time arrivals just adding first and last stop.
Buses are the backbone of Belgrade's public transport, and you can get almost anywhere on them. Buses get very full at peak times, and some are full all day, notoriously the 26, 83 and 50. Their quality varies: those around the city centre or serving posh neighbourhoods are usually newer air-conditioned vehicles, e.g. the Polish Solaris Urbino 18. Further out you may encounter some elderly specimens, e.g. the 30-year-old Ikarbus with wooden benches for seats.
There are two main bus terminals for local buses: the intercity main bus station (next to the disused railway station) for the west and southwest suburbs, and Zeleni Venac for the north (Zemun and Batajnica) and some western parts of the city (Banovo Brdo, Žarkovo, Čukarica). It's a steep ten-minute walk from the main bus station to Zeleni Venac, with no bus between.
There are 11 tram lines in Belgrade. All lines converge in the Slavija-Vukov Spomenik area (except 11 and 13 which go to Novi Beograd from Kalemegdan and Banovo Brdo, respectively).
The most notable line is line nr. 2, which goes around the city centre in a circular route (krug dvojke). Another notable line is the nr. 3, which goes through scenic park area of Topčider.
Several tram lines are served only by new CAF Urbos trams (7 and 12, also 13), while most of the other ones are serviced by old Tatra KT4 and Basel donated trams (some of them more than 50 years old, but in a better state than Tatras, as those trams were left to decay for years during the 1990s and 2000s).
Belgrade's trolleybuses have 7 lines serving two main corridors. One corridor is from Studentski trg (near Trg Republike) over Crveni Krst to Konjarnik and Medaković 3. The other is from Zvezdara to Banjica, plied by lines 40 (Banjica-Zvezdara), 41 (Studentski trg - Banjica) and 28 (Studentski trg - Zvezdara). The trolleybuses are mostly newer Belarusian vehicles with a couple of older Soviet ZiUs.
In May 2023, a new ticketing system (Beograd Plus) was introduced to replace the old one (Bus Plus). It made tickets more affordable than before. In July 2023, Android application Beograd Plus is instroduced, in Serbian and English.
The whole city is divided into two zones, marked as A and B, while zone C represents A and B zones combined. Zone A includes most of the urban city part, while zone B includes smaller towns south of Belgrade that are administratively part of it (Lazarevac, Mladenovac, Obrenovac, Barajevo, Sopot and part of Grocka). Since most tourists never leave the urban part, we will only list Zone A tickets here. For other zones, see website.
90-minute ticket (50 RSD)
1-day ticket (120 RSD)
7-days ticket (800 RSD)
30-days ticket (2200 RSD)
by sending an SMS from a Serbian mobile phone number
in a paper form on a very few places in Belgrade (with a promise that from summer 2023 they will be available for purchase on many more places).
To buy tickets using Android application Beograd Plus, you must install the application, create the account in the application, and enter your credit card number. The application also provides the list and map of nearest stations, with the list of waiting times for every line on a selected station.
To buy tickets by sending and SMS, you need to own a Serbian mobile phone number. You cannot ask someone else to buy a ticket for you by sending SMS from their phone number, because during the ticket control, additional SMS will be sent to that same phone number, and if you cannot present the additional SMS to inspector you will be fined. To buy a ticket, send the following codes by SMS from a Serbian mobile phone number to number 9011:
Mobile operators charge an additional 5% fee to the price of the ticket.
You can buy paper tickets in just a couple of places in Belgrade:
Skender Begova 47, Stari Grad
Trg Republike Shopping center (Republic square), Stari Grad
Knez Mihailova 6 (2nd floor), Stari Grad
Bulevar Mihajla Pupina 167, Novi Beograd
The ticket is valid starting from the moment of purchase (including the 90-minute one). Tickets don't need to be validated or stamped when entering the vehicle.
Children, pupils and students must also pay for the tickets, unless they have permanent residence in Belgrade.
If a busy bus suddenly empties, it's highly likely because the passengers with no ticket have spotted an inspector getting aboard. Your options, if you don't have a ticket, are: to jump ship with them, to bluster or brazen your way out, or face a 2000 RSD on-the-spot fine.
Minibuses connect the suburbs and are generally faster and more comfortable than regular buses. A single ride costs 150 RSD, paid to the driver. Day tickets and non-personalized cards are not valid on these lines.
Day transport starts at 04:00 and ends at midnight. Night transport is only by bus, with a limited number of lines running every 30-60 minutes. Night transport is free of charge. The night lines are all prefixed N so these rules apply even if the ride started just before midnight, conversely they don't apply to other buses where you were still aboard after midnight.
The suburban railway system is called BG:Voz (BG:Train). One line runs from Batajnica in the west through Zemun and Novi Beograd to Beograd Centar then swings north through Karađorđev Park and Vukov Spomenik to Ovča across the river. The other line runs south from Beograd Center via Rakovica to Resnik. Trains run every 30 minutes, 15 mins in rush hour. Fares are the same as for buses: RSD150 single ride, RSD89 per journey on a card.
Belgrade's metro project is a national joke. It's been talked about since the 1930s, with several great plans put forward, planning teams formed, and funding collaborations announced. Construction on the first line only began in late 2021.
Taxis are cheap by European standards, though far more expensive than anywhere else in Serbia. Car:Go is an Uber-like app and you can pay by card in the app. The other apps are Pink Taxi and Yandex Taxi.
You can find the official info about taxis in Belgrade here. Fares are regulated by the government and are 270 RSD to start a ride, 96-125 RSD per km (depending on time of day) and 20 RSD per minute of waiting time.
Taxi scams are common in Belgrade.
It is always best to order taxis via a smartphone app (Car:Go, Pink Taxi or Yandex Taxi), since it will record the licence plates, and the whole ride. Apps will also give you an approximate price that you will need to pay (actual price might be up to 5% different).
Next option is to order taxi by phone, since your order will be saved in the operator's database. However, the information saved in the operator's database are not nearly as clear or as detailed as the one saved by smartphone apps, so that offers less protection for the customer.
Only take a taxi with a roof sign with the city coat of arms and a number, indicating it's a city-regulated radio taxi. Anything else is a private unregulated cab that may charge four times as much. Also, legal taxis must have licence plates ending with TX (e.g. BG-1234-TX).
Insist that the trip be metered; the only exception is if you take a taxi from the airport and buy a voucher with a fixed price. Tips to drivers are welcome but not required and your luggage is included in the metered price.
If you believe that a driver is trying to rip you off, call the operator of his taxi association to check if the price is regular for the specified distance. Afraid of the city inspection, they might call back the driver and bring him to reason. Also, ask for a signed bill indicating date, time, start and end destination, price and driver’s signature. Write down the number on the blue sign on the vehicle roof, as well as the license plate. Report the incident to city inspection (☏ +381 11 3227-000) and if you are going from or to the airport, also report it to the airport inspection (☏ +381 11 2097-373, taxi@beg.aero). If the driver is aggressive towards you, call the police.
As in most of Europe you must keep to the right side of the road. Driving in Belgrade can be stressful. Avoid rush hours (08:30–9:30, 16:00-18:00). Plan your journey if you are going in to the city core, and expect to have a hard time finding a free parking place on the streets during Friday and Saturday evenings in the center. Garages might be a better choice.
Keep your low beam headlights turned on, during both day and night. Speed limit on the streets of the city is 50 km/h, near schools even less (30 km/h), on the highway is higher (up to 130 km/h). Police is known to wait at places where you might feel comfortable to drive over the limit, but almost never on the highway. Take special care while crossing Branko's bridge, and driving on following streets: Bulevar Mihaila Pupina, Jurija Gagarina, Vladimira Popovića, and other major ones. Keep your seat belts fastened. Other passengers must also do the same, even when sitting on the back seat (if there are seat belts installed).
Allowed level of blood alcohol content (BAC) is %, which is roughly equal to one drink. If you do go by car to drink, consider going back using taxi or Safe driver service, ☏ +381 64 174 6411. They will come to pick you up on the small, folding motorcycle, pack it in your trunk, and drive you back home in your car. Their charge is modest, and slightly higher than one-way ride with the taxi (RSD1150 for 10 km etc.). There are some other options such as Safe-Driver Beograd. Belgrade is known for nightlife, so if you find yourself in such a situation, this is a way to arrive home safely.
Yellow lanes are reserved for public transport, i.e. buses and taxis, and private vehicles may not use them. They're marked with a yellow line and on traffic signs. Some only apply during rush hours.
Best option is to avoid bringing a car into the centre, next best is to use a parking garage. Street parking is difficult. There are four zonesdead link, clearly marked:
Red Zone is the central spine from Student Square down to Takovska / Milosa Bvds. You may only stay one hour, RSD56. There are few spaces at the best of times, and with the closure of Republic Square and adjacent streets, it's impractical.
Yellow Zone has spaces painted orange to avoid confusion with the standard yellow road markings. It cloaks the Red Zone, between George Washington Bvd east and the bus station west, and south just past Slavija Square. Maximum stay is two hours, RSD48 per hour.
Green Zone is the rest of city centre, maximum stay 3 hours, RSD41 per hour.
Blue Zone beyond has no limit but still charges RSD31 per hr or RSD150 per day. Spaces near main transport routes fill early as commuters park up for the day then take the bus to the office.
Parking charges apply M-F 07:00-21:00 and Sa 07:00-14:00 (in Blue Zone from 08:00). You can pay using a ticket machine, from a parking attendant, at a kiosk or by mobile phone. With a kiosk ticket, write down the parking time and display it inside your windscreen. By phone, text your car's plate number (e.g. BG123AA) to 9111 (red zone), 9112 (yellow) or 9113 (green). Every message you send buys you an hour. Five mins before the hour expires, you get a text warning, and the chance to renew if you're eligible to extend your parking for the next hour.
There are several large public garages for extended parking, e.g. there's one with 500 spaces under the old palace, across from the parliament building. They charge about RSD100 per hour.
Parking violations in the centre are swiftly pounced upon. Failure to pay in a marked spot results in a fine. With illegally parked vehicles, the traffic police are obliged to wait 15 minutes for the return of the driver, who'll have to pay a fine of €50. When 15 minutes are up, the car gets towed to one of four designated lots in the city, which you can locate using the online servicedead link. At the lot, you will be required to present a valid form of ID and the vehicle registration documents, and pay the fine and towing expenses, €90 in total.
Old Belgrade is pretty hilly and the cycling infrastructure is scarce, so bicycle transport isn't in wide use. However, New Belgrade and Zemun are relatively flat and offer enough space for bikes to be used. Bicycle tracks link Zemun, Dorćol, Ada Ciganlija, New Belgrade and Bežanijska kosa. There is a bike lift on Brankov Bridge operating 365 days and the ride is free of charge. There is also more than 50 bicycle racks around the city.
Riding a bike on the same roads with cars and buses is considered too dangerous, although on smaller streets it can be reasonably safe. Avoid riding on major (multilane) roads. You are not allowed to bring bikes into public transport vehicles.
Bicycle rentals are available mostly at recreational areas like Ada Ciganlija or Zemun quay. Average price is around €/hour and €4/day.
Small boats connecting Ada Ciganlija to Novi Beograd's Block 70a are the only mode of public transport on rivers. Also, there are several tourist boats which offer day and night cruises along the Sava and Danube.
Belgrade city core is not too big. Everything between Kalemegdan, Knez Mihailova street and Skadarska street is best viewed on foot, and most major sights can be found in Stari Grad (Old Town) district. You might need the bus for sights further out. Many of Belgrade's museums are closed on Monday.
Crypt of Temple of Saint Sava
Overview of the three Belgrade bridges: Gazela Bridge, Old Railroad Bridge, and New Railroad Bridge
Building of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts
Skadarlija street, Belgrade, Serbia.jpg
Knez Mihajlova, one of the most popular pedestrian-only streets in Belgrade
Museum of Yugoslavia and Tito's mausoleum
Belgrade Fortress (Kalemegdan/Калемегдан). Once an important military fortification and the location of the first settlement of Singidunum, it now serves as the central park of Belgrade. Accessible from the end of the Knez Mihailova street, it offers a great refuge from the hustle and bustle of the city, especially in the afternoon. Kalemegdan park is divided into the Upper and Lower town, and contains fortress walls built in several stages throughout history, with several cafés, tennis and basketball courts, museums and an observatory. Be sure to take a stroll around the statue of Pobednik (The Victor), one of the symbols of Belgrade, and enjoy the stunning views over the confluence of the Sava and Danube rivers. Free. (updated Jul 2016)
Military Museum (Војни Музеј) (within the Fortress), ☏ +381 11 33 43 441. Tu-Su 10:00-17:00. Museum has around 30,000 objects in 12 collections and very impressive photo collection with over 100,000 photographs. RSD200. (updated May 2019)
There are two churches within the Fortress. Church Ružica (Црква Ружица). "Ružica" means little rose, though it's clad in ivy. It dates to the 15th century, was destroyed in the 18th century, rebuilt and again destroyed in World War I by the Central Powers. The present version was created in 1925, embellished by bronze soldiers guards in front of it and the unusual chandeliers made out of bullet shells, swords and bayonets. Adjacent is Sveta Petka (Црква Св. Петке) church and chapel. (updated May 2019)
Belgrade Zoo, Mali Kalemegdan 8 (within the Fortress). Summer daily 08:00–20:30, winter daily 08:00–17:00. Popular, but it's a lot of animals in a small space. Adult RSD500, child RSD300. (updated May 2019)
Knez Mihailova Street (Кнез Михаилова улица). The main pedestrian street of Belgrade features beautiful architecture from the late 19th century. Take a stroll down this historic street and enjoy all of the shopping, galleries, street vendors, and cafés it has to offer. The street also serves as the link between the Republic Square and Kalemegdan park. (updated May 2015)
Republic Square (Trg Republike/Трг Републике). Belgrade's main square features the statue of prince Mihailo Obrenović, which is the main meeting point of Belgradians, popularly referred to as "by the horse". Surrounding the square are famous historical buildings such as the National Museum and the National Theatre. The square was "refurbished" in 2019 and now it's just an open emptiness of concrete, with beautiful buildings around and a few sitting places. Few lines of public transport pass by here. (updated May 2022)
Skadarlija street (Скадарлија). Popularly nicknamed the "Bohemian quarter", this pedestrian street is filled with restaurants and cafes, most in the spirit of old Belgrade. Live bands playing traditional Serbian music can be heard in the evenings. Skadarlija street is lined with many landmarks, including Dva Jelena Kafana, which was established in 1832. The street is paved in cobblestones, so ladies are advised to avoid wearing high heels, unless highly experienced. Blank-walled buildings on the south side have been painted with impressive trompe-l'oeil paintings to add to the atmosphere. (updated May 2022)
Terazije and Kralja Milana streets (Теразије и улица Краља Милана). Connecting Knez Mihailova street and the Republic Square with the Slavija Square and the Temple of Saint Sava, which dominates the view as you walk towards it. Take a walk down the street and see the famous Terazije Fountain, Hotel Moskva (formerly called the "Palace of Russia"), the Old Royal Palace (now the City Hall), the New Palace (now the building of the Presidency), and the Yugoslavian Drama Theater. (updated May 2015)
The Old Royal Palace (Stari Dvor/Стари Двор). Located opposite the National Assembly, it was the royal residence of the Obrenović and Karađorđević dynasties from 1884 until 1922. It is now the seat of the Belgrade City Assembly, and the plateau in front of it is often used to welcome Serbian athletes and musicians after successful competitions abroad. (updated May 2015)
The White Palace (Beli Dvor/Бели Двор). The official residence of the crown prince of Serbia, it is a mansion located in the upscale Dedinje area, as part of the Royal compound. Can be visited only with a guided tour. Tours can be booked at the Tourist Information offices, available in English and Serbian. (updated May 2015)
The New Palace (Novi Dvor/Нови Двор). The New Palace is next to the Old Royal Palace, on Andrićev venac square. Built between 1911 and 1922 as the residence of King Petar I Karađorđević, today it is the official seat of the President of the Republic of Serbia. (updated May 2015)
The National Assembly of Serbia (Narodna Skupština/Народна Скупштина). Across the Old Royal Palace, at Nikola Pašić Square. (updated May 2015)
Gardoš (Гардош). A neighborhood in the municipality of Zemun. Gardoš is a hill located near the river bank of Danube, and offers a historical and authentic atmosphere, with narrow streets, old houses and churches. At the top of the hill stands the tower of "Sibinjanin Janko" (or Millennium Tower) - 36 m tall, built in 1896, housing an art gallery and boasting beautiful views over the Danube and Belgrade. The area also offers numerous authentic restaurants offering a wide range of dishes, usually traditional Serbian cuisine. (updated May 2015)
Temple of Saint Sava (Hram Svetog Save/Храм Светог Саве), Krušedolska 2a. Daily 07:00-20:00. The largest church in Serbia and one of the largest Orthodox churches in the world, under construction since 1935 and still not finished, although the interior decorations are at about 90% of completion. It's locally known as a temple ("Hram") to distinguish it from the smaller St Sava Church ("Tsrkva") adjacent. The crypt (downstairs from the main entrance to the right) is an extensive, bright and polished area with walls covered with modern iconography, so it feels more like a metro interchange for Orthodox saints than a religious building. Services are held regularly here and in the Church, which you can also visit (till 19:00). Free. (updated May 2022)
Belgrade Cathedral (Saborna crkva/Саборна црква). Also called St. Archangel Michael's Cathedral, it is near the Belgrade Fortress (Kalemegdan park). Built between 1837 and 1840, with a richly-decorated interior. Across the church is the building of Patriarchy, the seat of Serbian Orthodox Church. Two of the most significant linguists of Serbian history, Vuk Karadžić and Dositej Obradović, are buried in front of the church. (updated May 2015)
St. Mark's Church (Crkva Sv. Marka/Црква Св. Марка). Built between 1931 and 1940, it is in the Tašmajdan park, next to the main Post office and the National Assembly building. The church is also the final resting place of the famous Tsar Dušan the Mighty. There is a small Russian Orthodox church right next to St. Mark's. (updated May 2015)
Church of St. Alexander Nevsky (Црква Св. Александра Невског), Cara Dušana 63 (Dorćol (near Skadarlija)). Its history dates back to the time the Serbian-Turkish war (1876), when under the command of General Mikhail Chernyayev (Михаил Черњајев), Russian volunteers arrived in Serbian aid. Firstly they erected a tent near the church dedicated to St. Aleksandar Nevsky. The old church was built in 1877, but later had a turbulent history. The church has significant relics, frescoes, and in the interior of the plaque, Serbian warriors, the Russian Tsar Nicholas the Second, and King Alexander I Karadjordjevic. (updated May 2015)
Nikolajevska crkva (Николајевска Црква). Built in 1745 at the foot of Gardoš (Гардош) hill, near the Danube, in the municipality of Zemun. (updated May 2015)
Church of the shroud of Holy Virgin (Црква Покрова Пресвете Богородице), Kajmakčalanska 55, Vračar. It was built in 1933, in simple Serbian-Byzantine style, richly adorned with frescoes, mosaics, has a rich collection of relics. It is between Boulevard of King Alexander, and Žička street, near the "Red Cross Square" (Црвени Крст). (updated May 2015)
Presentation of the Virgin Monastery (Манастир Ваведења Пресвете Богородице), Ljube Jovanovića 8 (Senjak (Dedinje hill)). It is near the center, the Topčidersko hill, surrounded by woods. The church was built in 1935. This beautiful church ("Monastery of the Presentation") was built in the Serbian-Byzantine style, richly painted frescoes, and a rich treasure. (updated May 2015)
Roman Catholic churches. There are eight 'Roman Catholic churches in Belgrade: the Cathedral of the Assumption of Mary in Hadži Milentijeva 75 (Neimar), the Church of Christ the King in Krunska 23 (Vračar), two in Zemun, and one each in Stari Grad, Čukarica, Zvezdara and Karaburma. (updated May 2015)
Bajrakli Mosque (Бајракли џамија), Gospodar Jevremova 11 Dorćol. Serbia's only active mosque in a non-Muslim-majority city is in central Belgrade. It was built in the 16th century, when the Ottoman Empire ruled most of the Balkans. (updated May 2015)
Belgrade Synagogue Sukkat Shalom, Maršala Birjuzova 19, Stari Grad. (updated May 2015)
National Museum (Народни Музеј), Trg republike 1а (Enter from side-street Vase Čarapića). Tu W F Su 10:00-18:00, Th Sa 12:00-20:00. Founded in 1844, has more than 400,000 items on 3 floors. Lower floor is Paleolithic art and artefacts. Italian Art Collection (230 works) including Titian, Caravaggio, Tintoretto, Paolo Veronese, Canaletto, Tiepollo, Carpacio. French Art Collection (250 paintings) includes Renoir (55 works including 22 paintings), Monet, Degas, Signac, Lautrec, Matisse, Goughen, Utrillo, Pissaro, Corot. Dutch and Flemish Art Collection (120 works) include Vincent van Gogh, Rubens, Rembrandt, Van Goyen, and Breughel. Japanese Art Collection has 82 works which include Kunisada, Toyokuni, and Hirosige. Cubist Art Collection includes Picasso, Cézanne, Delaunay, Arhipenko, Mondrian... Yugoslav (Serbian) Art Collection includes Paja Jovanovic, Uros Predic, and Lubarda. Other Art Collections (German, Austrian, Russian) include Durer, Gustav Klimt, Kandinsky, Sisley, Marc Chagall, Modigliani, and Kassat. RSD300, free on Sun. (updated May 2019)
Gallery of Frescoes of the National Museum (Галерија Фресака), Cara Uroša 20, ☏ +381 11 30 60 52. Closed. The gallery was founded in 1953 as a special institution for the collection, study and exhibit of the Serbian medieval art. It is now part of the National Museum and contains a rich collection of murals and medieval sculptures. Closed for renovation. (updated Aug 2018)
Historical Museum of Serbia (Историјски Музеј Србије), Square Nikole Pasica 11 (next to National Assembly of Serbia), ☏ +381 11 3398 018, +381 11 3398 335. Tu-Su 12:00-20:00. This museum has a rich collection of materials related to the Serbian nation from ancient times to the present. RSD200. (updated Apr 2019)
Zepter Museum, Kneza Mihaila 42. Tu-F & Su 12:00-20:00, Th Sa 12:00-22:00. Modern Serbian art. RSD100. (updated May 2019)
Ethnographic Museum (Етнографски музеј), Studentski trg 13, ☏ +381 11 3281 888. Tu–Sa 10:00-17:00, Su 09:00-14:00. Permanent exhibition of Serbian costumes, tools, culture and everyday life in past centuries. Temporary exhibitions covering related topics. RSD200. (updated Apr 2019)
Museum of the Serbian Orthodox Church (Музеј Српске Православне Цркве) (across from the Belgrade Cathedral (Саборна црква), The Residence of Princess Ljubica, near Knez Mihailova Street, entrance from the street Kralja Petra I br. 5th). M-F 08:00-16:00, Sa 09:00-12:00, Su 11:00-13:00. Across the street is the Orthodox Academy of Art and Conservation (frescoes, mosaics, and icon painting)
Nikola Tesla Museum, Krunska 51, ☏ +381 11 24 33 886, fax: +381 11 24 36 408, info@tesla-museum.org. M 10:00-18:00, Tu–Su 10:00-20:00. Nikola Tesla (Никола Тесла) made huge contributions to electric engineering, pioneering alternative current (making long-distance high-energy transfers possible), radio (making base work for today's mobile communications) and AC motors (widely used today, e.g. blenders, vacuum cleaners and elevators), among other numerous inventions. Half of this small museum is dedicated to Tesla's personal effects, while the other half contains models of his inventions. There are English-speaking guides who are students from the Engineering Department of the University of Belgrade who can help you understand the sometimes-complicated science. English-speaking tours start at the full hour and include demonstrations. During peak hours you might need to wait a bit. If you are waiting you can use the Wifi with the password "TeslaBG17". RSD800 (English guided tour). Cash only. (updated Jan 2024)
The Residence of Princess Ljubica (Конак кнегиње Љубице), Kneza Sime Markovića 8. Tu-Th Sa 10:00-17:00, F 10:00-18:00, Su 10:00-14:00. The residence is now managed by the Museum of Belgrade and is used to display the museum material and painting exhibitions. The permanent exhibition at the Residence consists of original furniture, made in Oriental-Balkan style and other styles of the time (Classicism, Biedermeier, Baroque Revival). RSD200. (updated Aug 2018)
Ivo Andric Museum, Andrićev Venac 8. Tu-Th Sa 10:00-17:00, F 10:00-18:00, Su 10:00-14:00. Memorial Museum of Ivo Andric, is dedicated to our writer, Nobel laureate.Closed Mondays. RSD200. (updated Aug 2018)
Tito's Mausoleum and the Museum of the History of Yugoslavia (Serbian Cyrillic: Музеј Историје Југославије), Botićeva 6 (take trolleybus #40 or #41 from Studentski Trg or from Kneza Miloša Street in the direction of Dedinje and ask for Kuća cveća (House of flowers)). Tu-Su: 10:00-18:00 from 16 Oct-23 Apr; 10:00-20:00 from 24 Apr-15 Oct. Artifacts from the former Yugoslavia and around the world given to Tito in his years as president. The Old Museum at the back of the complex, near the House of Flowers, is closed for renovation, as of December 2022. RSD400, students: RSD200, free every first Thursday of the month from 16:00 until 18:00 as well as May 4 and 25. (updated Jul 2015)
Museum of Illusions, Nušićeva 11. (updated Aug 2022)
NOT EXISTING LISTING IMAGE Museum of contemporary art, Ušće 10, blok 15, ☏ +381 11 3115 713, msub@msub.org.rs. 10:00 - 18:00, Thursdays 12:00 - 20:00, closed on Tuesdays. Since its foundation in 1965, the Museum of Contemporary Art has based its display policy on the representation of the most relevant artists, periods, movements and tendencies in Yugoslav, Serbian and international art of the 20th century. The museum was closed for renovation between 2007 and 2017. The building itself is a masterpiece and museum and collection contains more than 35,000 works of art. The museum collects and displays art works produced since 1900 in Serbia and Yugoslavia. It also organizes international exhibitions of modern and contemporary art, worth looking for that as well. 600 RSD. (updated Jun 2023)
Great War Island (Велико ратно острво, Veliko ratno ostrvo) is the big triangular river island at the confluence of the Danube and Sava. So near but yet so far: no boats routinely connect it, and it's best admired from the Fortress terrace. It's a wildlife reserve, and attempts at settlement are repeatedly swept away by floods: the most recent was in 2006 so shacks and vegetable patches are starting to re-appear pending the next deluge. The island is often the subject of fanciful projects and development schemes which come to nothing. Wild boar from the island occasionally manage to swim across to the mainland and make their way into town.
Monastery Rakovica (Манастир Раковица). Dedicated to St. Archangels Michael and Gabriel. The monastery went through a turbulent history. Rakovica Monastery is 11 km from the city center, on a circular route, on which the Rakovička river turns to the Avala. The monastery has important relics, and there are tombs of famous personalities (Vasa Čarapić, Patriarch Dimitrije), and, for a time, Serbian Patriarch Pavle. (updated May 2015)
Aeronautical Museum (Музеј Ваздухопловства) (next to airport, take bus 72 from Zeleni Venac to second last stop). Temporary closed as of May 2023. The main collection is in an architecturally notable geodesic glass building, with additional aircraft displayed on the surrounding grounds. The museum owns over 200 aircraft flown by the Serbian and Yugoslav Air Forces, aero clubs and private & commercial aviation, from gliders to helicopters to jet fighters. There are a number of rare aircraft and other aviation equipment. The museum also displays relics of US and NATO aircraft "donated" during the 1990s Balkans conflicts, including wreckage from a US F-117 Nighthawk. Adult RSD800, child RSD300. (updated May 2023)
Vinča-Belo Brdo, Belo brdo 17, Vinca (14 km downstream from Belgrade; take bus #307), ☏ +381 11 80 65 334. Tu W F 10:00-16:00; Th 12:00-18:00; Sa Su 10:00-18:00 April to October. One of the largest tell sites in the Balkans, covering 10 hectares of land with 9 metres of cultural deposits and a total height of  metres. Come to see how prehistoric people used to live. Every weekend visitors can join guided tours through the site.
Obedska bara (Обедска бара), 40 km west of Belgrade, is a large wetland and nature reserve along the north bank of the Sava River.
Ada Ciganlija. a river island on Sava River with an artificial lake in the center of the city. The lake has an 8 km (5 mi) long gravel beach, which is visited by thousands of bathers during the summer. This is a great place for sports and picnics (barbecue is allowed in the allotted space). It also contains a lot of cafes and restaurants, river rafts (bars-restaurants), some of which are opened whole year round. In summer, it is swamped with people wanting to cool down in the water. Beaches in Ada Ciganlija, with restaurants, cafes on the beach, as well as umbrellas, beds and water sports, reminiscent of many sea beaches, and are the right place for swimming, recreation and enjoyment. You may rent bikes or inline skates at several points near the entry to the island. Lanes for pedestrians and bikers are separated. You have over-the-water bungee jumping facility, as well as water skiing. There are terrains for football, basketball, beach volley, golf and tennis. If you are coming from the direction of New Belgrade or Zemun, consider using small boats from Block 70a edge, New Belgrade, which can take you over the river for around €1. During summer season they go every 15 minutes or less, and offer bike transportation as well. There are also many regular bus services from the city center and other districts to Ada Ciganlija. Additional facilities: (updated Feb 2020)
Adventure Park, ☏ +381 64 8 210 218. open during summer season (usually from beginning of May until the end of September). one go through the park is RSD 800. (updated Feb 2020)
Segway Rides (near cafe Plaža), ☏ +381-69 734-929. on small flat track (updated Feb 2020)
Outdoor Ice Skating. during winter. (updated Feb 2020)
ski and snowboard simulator. all year round. (updated Feb 2020)
Public Observatory (at Kalemegdan fortress). features four panoramic telescopes installed for daily observations of the city's panorama. (updated Feb 2020)
National Theatre. features opera, ballet and plays. The main hall is simply amazing, decorated with gold and artworks. (updated Feb 2020)
Zemun quay. the most visited Waterfront in Belgrade. Here you can ride a bike, inline skates or walk next to Danube River. For a break, just hop on one of the raft bars or restaurants. (updated Feb 2020)
Strahinjića Bana Street (Serbian Cyrillic:Страхињића Бана улица) (downtown Belgrade, at the end of Skadarska Street (popularly Skadarlija) laterally, and extends to the Kalemegdan fortress and the zoo). known as the Silicon Valley (Силиконска Долина). Here are popular bars, restaurants, cafes, and gardens (with slightly higher prices). (updated Feb 2020)
Go bowling, available at:
Colosseum Bowling, Dobanovačka 56, Zemun, +381-65/3888-888
Ice skating is available during winter months at:
Tašmajdan Sports Centerdead link, Čarlija Čaplina 39, +381 11 2766-667, RSD200–300.
Pingvin Beostar Gymdead link (Penguin), Jurija Gagarina 78, +381 11 2178-183, RSD 200–250.
Mali Pingvin Sport Belgrade (Little Penguin), Deligradska 27
Open-air ice skating at square Trg Nikole Pašića, winter months, free of charge
The Great War Island (Veliko ratno ostrvo) is a river island at the confluence of the Sava and Danube rivers, for picnics and bird spotting.
Mount Avala is a 511m mountain near Belgrade with the 204-m Avala Tower at the top. Viewing platform is accessible via a lift with great views of Belgrade and parts of Vojvodina and Šumadija. Entrance fee is RSD50 per person. At the top of the Monument to the Unknown Soldier, and the motel and a few restaurants. During the descent, turn right, there is a mountain lodge "Čarapića Brest" (Чарапића Брест), with rooms and good restaurant.
Visit a splav (literally: raft) – a barge restaurant located along the Sava and Danube rivers. There are two kinds of "splav". Some are restaurants, but most are nightclubs. You can literally club-hop all night long. There is no cover charge to get into any of them. Some ultra popular ones may require that you have an invitation or be on the guest list, but if you tell them that you are a foreigner and that you didn't know they'll usually let you in. Women are not required to be on a "guest list". The music played on the barges is highly varied and can include live bands, Serbian folk music, pop, and dance.
Movies in Serbia are subtitled, not dubbed. Best movie theaters are:
Cineplexx Usce Shopping Center, Bulevar Mihajla Pupina (at Usce shopping mall). 3D projections available (updated Feb 2020)
Cineplexx Delta City, Jurija Gagarina 16 (at Delta City shopping mall), ☏ +381 11 2203-400. (updated Feb 2020)
Roda Intermezzo Cineplex, Požeška 83a, ☏ +381 11 2545-260. (updated Feb 2020)
Tuckwood cineplex, Kneza Miloša 7a, ☏ +381 11 3236-517. in the city center, a bit old, and sometimes too loud. (updated Feb 2020)
If you prefer theaters in the city core, check also:
Dom sindikata, Trg Nikole Pašića 5, ☏ +381 11 3234-849. (updated Feb 2020)
Akademija 28, Nemanjina 28, ☏ +381 11 3616-020. (updated Feb 2020)
Yugoslav Film Archive, 11000, Uzun Mirkova 1 (Take any trolleybus going to Studentski Trg, e.g. 19, 21 and 22.). The Yugoslav Film Archive run contemporary art house movies and classics. The majority of films are what could be termed as "classics" with rather clear emphasis on European cinema, though Yugoslav films are being shown occasionally too. (updated Sep 2017)
Belgrade Fair (Beogradski Sajam), Bulevar vojvode Mišića 14 (southwest of the centre hosts trade fairs). throughout the year, check website for those open to the public.. (updated Feb 2020)
Street of Open Heart is a carnival held on 1 January, 12:00 to 23:00, on Makedonska and Svetogorska streets.
FEST, International Film Festival, March
Belgrade Tango Encuentrodead link, April–May
Ring Ring, Festival of new and improvised music, May
Belgrade Burger Fest, end of May - beginning of June
Belgrade Early Music Festival, 18 May–June, no information for 2023, might be canceled
Belgrade Beer Festival, June (2023) or August (pre-2023) in Ušće park
BITEF Belgrade International Theater Festival, September
BEMUS, Belgrade Music Festival, October
Green Festdead link International green culture festival, November
No Sleep Festival of electronic, house & retro music in November
Watch football: Belgrade hosts internationals and has five clubs playing soccer in SuperLiga, the country's top tier.
FK Crvena Vezda are better known as Red Star Belgrade. They play at Rajko Mitic Stadium, capacity 55,000, 2 km south of city centre. Serbia's international games are also played here.
Partizan Belgrade play at Partizan Stadium, capacity 33,000. It's  km south of the centre, close to Red Star's stadium.
The others are FK Kolubara, FK Čukaričkidead link and FK Voždovac. Several other Belgrade teams play in lower tiers.
Basketball: Štark Arena and Pionir Hall are the main venues for basketball and other indoor sports.
Tennis is played at the Novak Tennis Centerdead link (Serbia Open), as well as in Kombank Arena (Davis Cup matches).
Serbian courses for foreigners are organized in several places including:
The University of Belgradedead link admits foreign students, as do various private institutions of higher education.
New Belgrade, main financial district
For information on the Serbian currency, see Serbia#Buy. Menjačnica Mićko (Vuka Karadzica street #4), changes all currencies, including rare ones.
Most stores operate late hours during work days, while on Saturdays they normally close around 15:00 and most of them are not open on Sundays. However, shopping malls are open late every day, including weekends.
Import taxes make clothes and shoes in Serbia very expensive. Many items from common European chains can be found for 20% less in Budapest. Still, Belgrade has many flagship stores, mostly located on Knez Mihailova Street and the Terazije square, or the pedestrian zone, representing assorted high-fashion brands.
Almost all of the major European brands are present, including H&M, Guess, New Yorker, Zara, Bershka, Hugo Boss, Springfield, Stradivarius, Mango, Diesel, Liu Jo, C&A, and Pull & Bear. More expensive clothes & accessories (such as Diane Von Furstenberg, Lanvin, Marni, D&G, Valentino, Marc Jacobs, YSL, Mulberry and many others) can be usually found either at the Kralja Petra street (Dorćol) in Distante Fashion center, as well as in XYZ stores that are located in Ušće Shopping Center and Delta City.
Local department store chains include Artisti and Land.
Local Belgrade designers are present in the Choomich (Belgrade Design District) shopping center.
The biggest bookstores in Belgrade selling beside Serbian also foreign (mostly English) books are in the city center. Vulkan is at the beginning and Plato is at the end of Knez Mihailova street. The shopping malls also have large bookstores. There are also some shops that sell newspapers and magazines in English, German, French, Italian, Russian and other foreign languages.
Delfi, ☏ +381 11 2645-783. Inside Student Cultural Center (SKC), Kralja Milana 48, M–Sa 09:00-20:00, Su 12:00-21:00
Vulkan, corner of Sremska and Knez Mihajlova, ☏ +381 11 2639-060. M–Sa 00:00–22:00, Su 12:00–22:00.
Plato, Knez Mihailova 48, ☏ +381 11 2625-834.
Newsstands and bookstores in the city sell foreign newspapers and magazines. These include Delfi, Plato Press (near Studentski trg), Tell Me (next to the Plato store) and Inmedio (three locations - Delta City, Usce Center, Zira Center). Newspapers and magazines can be found in various international languages like English, Spanish, Italian, French, Russian, German and others.
Belgrade has 3 shopping malls in the city - Delta City, Stadion and Ušće Shopping Center - and more than 30 smaller shopping centers such as Merkator, Immo Centar, Millenium, Piramida, City Hall, Zira and others.
Ušće Shopping Center, Bulevar Mihajla Pupina 4 (located in New Belgrade, just across Branko's Bridge. It can even be reached on foot from the old city. Tram 7, 9, 13 or any New Belgrade-bound bus). The largest modern shopping center in Serbia and the region.
Delta City, Jurija Gagarina 16 (tram number 7, 9 or 13, bus number 95 or minibus, near "Toplana" (heating plant)). The second largest shopping mall in the city, also in New Belgrade, in Jurija Gagarina street.
Stadion, Voždovac, Zaplanjska 32. The third largest shopping mall in the city.
Beogradski Sajam. Huge selection of cheap clothes.
Block 70 Chinese Market. You can buy dirt-cheap clothing imported from China. Quality is lower. Closed on Tuesdays!
Mercator Center (ТЦ Меркатор), Bulevar umetnosti 4 (bus number 71, 72 or 75, close to Novi Beograd police station and municipal building), ☏ +381 11 4429140.
Immo Outlet Center, Gandijeva 21, blok 64. M-Sa 09:00-21:30, Su 11:00-19:00.
Zira Shopping Center, Ruzveltova 33 (near New Cemetery). M-Sa 09:00-21:00, Su 09:00-21:00.
BN Bos Outlet (Galenika).
Otvoreni tržni centar (Buvljak), Antifašističke borbe bb. Hundreds of independent shop owners have stores (all brand new goods) under the open sky. You can buy anything and everything there, from any type of clothes like Italian jeans (some are real, some are real good copies from Novi Pazar) to gadgets, toiletries, cell phone accessories to the most obscure screw or nail. Prices go a lot lower than in bigger malls. (updated Jul 2016)
Super Maxi, Bore Markovića (Delta City).
Idea Extra Hypermarket, Novi Beograd, Omladinskih brigada 100.
Super Vero Hypermarkets, Milutina Milankovića 86a - Novi Beograd; Vojislava Ilića bb - Konjarnik; Nikodima Milaša 2 - Centet Zira; Vojvode Stepe 251 - Voždovac.
Tempo Hypermarket, Bežanijska kosa near highway; Viline vode; Ada.
Mercator Hypermarket, Bulevar umetnosti 4 - Novi Beograd.
Amanplus Market Store, Tošin bunar 172 - Novi Beograd, ☏ +381 11 6555155.
Metro Cash & Carry, Krnjača; Zemun; Vidikovac. Metro is a wholesaler, not a retailer, so you need a special card to shop there. These cards are available only to business owners, self-employed artists and the like. You can borrow a card from a Serbian friend who has it.
For information on Serbian cuisine, see Serbia#Eat
Belgrade has hundreds of restaurants specializing in local cuisine and a number of international restaurants. On the whole, prices are cheap compared to Western Europe with main dishes ranging from €5–20 per person.
Without a doubt, the most popular choice of fast food in Belgrade is barbecue (roštilj), and there are dozens of barbecue joints around the city where you can have a Serbian burger for around €2, usually with free toppings included.
Belgradians are famous for enjoying Burek for breakfast, which is a type of pastry, usually filled with feta cheese or meat. As a meat and dairy-free alternative, potato (Cyrillic: 'кромпир') burek can often be found. Most bakeries around the city sell them for a cheap price, around 110 RSD. To enjoy a proper Burek, make sure to drink some yoghurt on the side. Similarly, there are many places specialising in Burek and various Serbian and Bosnian pies, called buregdžinice. For good-tasting Sarajevo pies try Tadić (Cyrillic: Тадић) at Kralja Petra 75.
Traditional restaurants and taverns are called Kafana (Кафана). They often have string orchestras. There are many in Old Town, e.g. along cobbled Skadarska. Fish restaurants are dotted along the banks of the Danube and Sava a little further out.
There are a handful of international restaurants, which can range from moderately priced to very expensive.
Depending on the season, an amazing assortment of fruit and vegetables can be found in farmer's markets, including watermelons, olives, wild mushrooms, and fresh figs. Take the time to explore the stalls, and compare the quality and prices of the produce. Most produce at the farmer's markets in Belgrade is organic and fresh from the farmers' gardens brought over daily from the villages surrounding the city.
Pijaca Zeleni Venac (The farmer's market at Zeleni Venac) (close to the Hotel Moscow). - This is not the largest, but it is the cheapest in the city. Contained in a newly-built complex, it makes for an enjoyable Saturday morning experience, with the lively hustle and bustle of people milling about and stall-owners trying to attract customers. (updated May 2022)
City centre north of the Museum of Illusions
KMN, Zmaj Jovina 11. Amazing selection of domestic cousine, very configurable, very tasty and affordable. Staff is very friendly and very well organised so queue clears up quickly. A lot of vegetarian options (updated Aug 2022)
Roll Bar café&restaurant, Obilićev venac 1. Excellent quality, considerable portions. Recommendation for imperial chicken and feta chicken. (updated Aug 2022)
Mikan Restaurant, Maršala Birjuzova 14. Very good typical Serbian restaurant with traditional dishes. Great food, friendly staff, nice atmosphere and good prices. (updated Aug 2022)
Pizzeria Trg, Makedonska 5. Delicious pizza and pancakes (updated Aug 2022)
Skadarlijske kobasice, Skadarska 4. Dishes with excellent sausages (updated Aug 2022)
City centre south of the Museum of Illusions
Giros tim, Balkanska 36. Great tasting gyros (updated May 2022)
Ognjište, Trg Nikole Pašića 8. Traditional food, cooked on the coals, very tasty. (updated Jun 2022)
Publin, Lomina 63. A pub also serving nice food (updated Aug 2022)
Amigo (Палачинкарница Амиго), Kraljice Natalije 35. Very good fried pancakes (updated Aug 2022)
Gastroteka, Balkananska. Serbian dishes (updated May 2022)
Stepin vajat (Степин Вајат), Vojvode Stepe L 2 (just south of Slavija Sq). Open 24 hours. Traditional grills in a Serbian-style wooden house. Exceptional barbecue (updated Aug 2022)
Orašac (Орашац), Bulevar Kralja Aleksandra 122 (near Vuk Karadžić monument). Daily 09:00-00:00. A garden restaurant with traditional Serbian cuisine. Grill and food prepared by recipes from the old Serbian cuisine. (updated May 2022)
Restaurant "Šešir moj" (Skadarlija) (My Hat), Skadarska 21. Daily 09:00-01:00. The hats are the natty boaters of the quartet, who riff away with barcarolles and other crowd-pleasers. Good hearty Serbian fare. (updated May 2022)
Znak pitanja (Question Mark), Kralja Petra 6. W-F & Su 08:00-00:00, Sa Tu 10:00-00:00. Traditional Serbian cuisine. Good place to try ćevapčići sa kajmakom (grilled minced meat with cream), or if you have a strong stomach and will to experiment, you might choose (in translation): young bull's sex glands, bowels or glands. (updated May 2022)
Loki (Локи), Strahinjića Bana 36, ☏ +381 63 1644492. Open 24 hours. 24-hour Pljeskavica (Serbian burger) joint between Studentski park and Strahinjica Bana. Variety of toppings like spicy cheese or pickled peppers. (updated May 2022)
Mika Alas, Stari Obrenovački put 14 (East bank of Sava 8 km from city), ☏ +381 11 2544-448, mikaalas15@gmail.com. Daily 10:00-00:00. Try their delicious fish soup "riblja čorba" and their house specialty, "smuđ romanov", Pike Perch fillet in white wine cream sauce. Excellent food for an acceptable price. (updated Apr 2022)
Regular restaurants and homes may suppose that a vegetarian eats fish. If you don't, tell them bez mesa, bez ribe - without meat, without fish.
Jazzayoga, Kralja Aleksandra 48 (center), ☏ +381 11 32 42 173. M-F 08:00-18:30. Sandwiches, wraps, juices, and baked goods, relaxing ambience. (updated May 2022)
Makao i Žuto More (Macao and Yellow Sea), Prve Pruge 8. Daily 11:30-23:30. (updated May 2022)
Moon Sushi & Fusion Food, Makedonska 31. M-F 08:00-01:00, Sa 09:00-01:00, Su 09:00-23:00. (updated May 2022)
W sushi restaurant & cocktail bar, Vuka Karadžića 12; Andre Nikolića 2a. Daily 11:00-01:00. (updated May 2022)
Marukoshi, Kapetan Mišina 37. Tu-Su 09:00-00:00. Japanese restaurant (updated May 2022)
Zapata, Vojvode Bogdana 13. Daily 09:00-00:00. (updated May 2022)
Burrito Madre, Terazije 27; Karađorđeva 65; Bulevar Kralja Aleksandra 54, info@burritomadre.com. Core hours daily 09:00-00:00. (updated May 2019)
Botako, Nevesinjska 6; Šantićeva 8, ☏ +381 (62) 249 703, +381 (11) 3446 770. Daily 10:00-23:30. €4-12 per pizza (large can be shared). (updated May 2022)
Casa Nova, Gospodar Jovanova 42a, ☏ +381 (11) 3036 868. Daily 12:00-00:00. Italian-French fusion restaurant. (updated May 2022)
Restoran Caruso, Terazije 23/8, ☏ +381 (11) 3248 037. M-Sa 09:00-01:00. Italian restaurant on 8th floor, with views over Terazije, the river Sava, and New Belgrade. €5-10 per main dish (May 2019). (updated May 2022)
Sinđelić (Синђелић), Vojislava Ilića 86 (South suburbs near Sinđelić football stadium), ☏ +381 11 2412297. 12—24. Traditional Serbian cuisine. (updated May 2022)
Šaran (Шаран), Kej Oslobođenja 53 (Zemun quay), ☏ +381 11 2618-235. Tu-Su 12:00-00:30. Riverside fish restaurant, live old Belgrade music. (updated May 2022)
Lorenzo & Kakalamba, Cvijićeva 110, ☏ +381 (11) 3295 351, +381 (64) 8087 806. Daily 12:00-00:00. Italian and southeastern Serbian cuisine, but mostly you come for the way-out decor, which is beyond kitsch. €7-28 per main dish. (updated May 2022)
The city tap water is generally safe to drink, although one should be cautious if it's from an old building, as the lead piping is sparsely maintained. Knez Mihailova street and several others have public water fountains, which dispense good quality water. It may look white when first poured from the tap; that's just air bubbles which disappear in a few minutes.
Good domestic beers are Jelen, Lav, MB and Pils. Foreign beers made under license in Serbia include Heineken, Amstel, Tuborg, Stella Artois, and Beck's.
Wines from Serbia and other Balkan countries are good if you pay a little more for quality, the cheap stuff may be disappointing.
The national drink is rakija Serbian brandy. The commonest is plum brandy - šljivovica or slivovitsa; other common varieties are grape, walnut, quince and pear. It can be bought in stores but Serbs insist that home-made rakjia is superior, and they take great pride in their craft. Look out for it at the local farmers markets.
Last but not least, always toast your companions in the proper manner. Look them in the eye whilst clinking glasses, say Živeli! (cheers!) to all present as if you mean it, and take a sip. Repeat as necessary, and enjoy the night out in Belgrade.
Coffee is usually served Turkish-style unless you specify otherwise.
The main café scene is along Strahinjića Bana, the thoroughfare four blocks back from Student Square, e.g. Nachos and Duomo both at 66a.
The second area is Obilićev Venac, running parallel to Knez Mihailova. The best cafés here are Zu Zu's at 21, and Gecko Irish Pub at 17. Further downhill towards the river is the rejuvenated Savamala neighbourhood, with lots of cafés and clubs.
A third area is west of the Sava, on the Danube quay around Hotel Yugoslavia in Zemun. Many of these places are rafts - splavovi.
Belgrade is famous for its bars and clubs and vies with Budapest's techno scene, clubs are open until dawn in many parts of the city and even during weekdays parties can be found
Three Carrots Irish pub, Kneza Miloša (near corner with Kralija Milana). M-F 10:00-00:00, Sa Su 12:00-00:00. Cheerful place with food & music. (updated May 2019)
Black Turtle, Kosančićev venac 30 (near Kalemegdan), ☏ +381 11 3286-656. Su-Th 09:00-00:00, F Sa 09:00-01:00. Chain pub run by Black Turtle brewery, several other outlets in city. Off-beat beers, eg mixed with lemon and blueberry syrup, as well as memorable river view at summer sunset if you can grab an outdoor table. (updated May 2019)
Ferijalni i hostelski savez Srbije - Youth Hostel Association of Serbia (Hostelling International Serbia), Dom Omladine, Makedonska 22/2 (down town), ☏ +381 64 112 1040, office@hostels.rs. FHSS - Youth hostel association Serbia is the biggest hostel network in Serbia, representative for Hostelling International.
Hostel 360 (Belgrade Hostel), Knez Mihailova 21 (On the main pedestrian street), ☏ +381 11 3284 523, booking@hostel360.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 12:00. Roof garden, barbeques, and a shared kitchen. Coffee, tea and laundry are free. From €28 for single, €36 for double. (updated Jan 2023)
ArkaBarka Floating Hostel, Ušće bb, Blok 14, Novi Beograd (On the Danube River, near Park Prijateljstva Block 14), ☏ +381 64 9253507, arkabarkahostel@gmail.com. A floating house on the Danube, with an on-board cafe-bar, sauna. Breakfast included. Dorm bed from €18, Private single from €37. (updated Jan 2023)
Hostel Che, Kralja Petra 8 (near Archangel Michael church), ☏ +381 11 2637793, +381 63 8379461 (cell phone), hostelchehostel@gmail.com. Check-out: 11:00. Clean, cozy place. They have free sheets, towels, laundry, games, books, Wi-Fi, welcome drink, coffee, and tea. Dorm from €16, private room from €35 ppn. (updated Jan 2023)
San Art Floating Hostel & Apartments, Usce bb, Novi Beograd (On Danube), ☏ +381 63238278. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 11:00. Is it a chalet, is it a houseboat? Clean, well-run, friendly hostel near river confluence. Traditional breakfast. Double room from €39. (updated Jan 2023)
Sun Hostel, Novopazarska 25 (Vracar, near St Sava), ☏ +381 65 4489575, hostel.sun@gmail.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 12:00. Well-run hostel, clean and spacious, with dorms, apt & private rooms. Comfy, a/c, safe-lockers backpack size, free internet, friendly staff. Dorm bed from €22, Private double from €44. (updated Jan 2023)
Fair and Square Hostel, Svetog Nikole 68 (Zvezdara, near Vukov Spomenik), ☏ +381 11 42 31 787, fairandsquarehostel@gmail.com. Check-in: 14:00-23:30, check-out: 9:00-11:00. Comfy rooms, large kitchen and public area as well as patio, two hostel pets a dog and a cat, murals and artwork in public areas. Dorm bed from €12, Double private from €23. (updated Jan 2023)
Balkan Soul Hostel, Kosančićev venac 11a (In Kosancicev Venac, up some steps from the Sava River near the Brankov bridge), ☏ +381 60 6600685, balkansoulhostel@gmail.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 11:00. Small but very social and cozy hostel with a well-equipped shared guest kitchen and lounge. Rooms have good air conditioning and wi-fi. (updated Jan 2023)
Belgrade City Hotel (Белград Сити Хотел), Savski trg 7 (In Savamala dsitrict, near inter-city bus station), ☏ +381 11 3600700, reservations@bgcityhotel.com. Convenient hotel in Neo-Renaissance building, with on-site gym, restaurant and bar. Single from €60, Double from €65. (updated Jan 2023)
Hotel Srbija (Хотел Србија), Ustanička 127c (3 km south of centre, near Šumice park), ☏ +381 11 3044 000, office@hotelsrbija.com. Convenient for motorists, mixed reviews. Large restaurant on the 18th floor. Double from €60. (updated Jan 2023)
Villa Forever (Хотел Форевер), Marsala Birjuzova 44 (Near Zeleni Venac and Knez Mihailova Street), ☏ + 381 11 3282781, info@villa-forever.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 11:00. Helpful staff, and simple rooms with air conditioning, wi-fi, TV, and mini-bar. Double room €65. (updated Jan 2023)
Saruna Wellness - Hotel Park Belgrade (Парк Хотел), Njegoseva 2 (off Kralja Milana near Slavija Square), ☏ +381 11 414 6 800, reception@hotelparkbeograd.rs. Passable budget hotel, rooms showing their age. B&B double €50. (updated May 2019)
Slavija Hotel (Славија Хотел), Svetog Sava 2 (on Slavija Square), ☏ +381 11 3084800, office@slavijahotel.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 12:00. Renovation of some floors underway in 2023. Renovated rooms are decent, older rooms are tatty. On-site business centre and sauna. Rooftop restaurant serves breakfast. Double from €79. (updated Jan 2023)
Mercure Belgrade Excelsior, Kneza Milosa 5 (near National Assembly), ☏ +381 11 4402900, hB1E1@accor.com. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 12:00. Decent mid-town full-service hotel, rooms equipped with TV, mini-refrigerators, workspaces, and Wi-Fi. Double from €105. (updated Jan 2023)
Royal Inn Hotel (Ројал Хотел), 56 Kralja Petra (Near Kalemegdan), ☏ +381 11 4002621, booking@royalinn.rs. One of the oldest hotels in Belgrade, dating to 1885, gets positive reviews. Rooms are small, but renovated and furnished with TV, air conditioning and mini-bar. The large breakfast buffet includes vegetarian options. Double from €96. (updated Jan 2023)
Design Hotel Mr. President, Karadjordjeva 75 (Opposite inter-city bus station), ☏ +381 11 3602222, r@hotelmrpresident.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 11:30. Comfortable modern hotel, 61 rooms with internet and standard facilities. American and continental style breakfasts available. The hotel's bar includes sculptures by Serbian artists inspired by Mount Rushmore. B&B double €87. (updated Jan 2023)
Hotel Šumadija (formerly Golden Hill Hotel and Best Western), Šumadijski Trg 8 (3 km SW of centre, near Ada Ciganlija), ☏ +381 64 8298133, book@hotelsumadija.rs. Business hotel outside the city centre, with spa and fitness facilities. Double from €45. (updated Jan 2023)
Nevski Hotel, Venizelosova 24a (near Skadarlija street), ☏ +381 11 322 9722, reservations@hotelnevski.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 12:00. Comfortable central hotel, with business services and a well-reviewed breakfast buffet. B&B double from €80. (updated Jan 2023)
Tulip Inn, Palmira Toljatija 9, Novi Beograd (west bank, corner of Bvd Mihajla Pupina). Decent 3 star hotel. B&B double €65. (updated May 2019)
Queen's Astoria Design Hotel, Milovana Milovanovića 1 (Opposite main bus station), ☏ + 381 11 4118822, hotel@astoria.rs. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 12:00. Central hotel with bistro restaurant. B&B double €110. (updated Jan 2023)
Hotel Rex, Sarajevska 37 (500 m south of main bus station), ☏ +381 11 3611862, info@hotelrex-belgrade.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 12:00. Comfy, central business-type hotel with 24 hour reception. B&B double from €49. (updated Jan 2023)
Apartment Apollo 011, Suboticka 23 (Zvezdara, 3 km SE of centre), ☏ +381 63 371011, office@apollo011.in.rs. Tidy, comfortable apartment. Room €50. (updated May 2019)
Belgrade Art Hotel, Knez Mihailova 27, ☏ +381 11 3312000, info@belgradearthotel.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 12:00. Boutique hotel in very central location. With 55 rooms and suites, bar, lounge bar, restaurant and 2 meeting rooms. B&B double €110. (updated May 2019)
Holiday Inn, Spanskih Boraca 74, Novi Beograd, ☏ +381 11 3100000, fax: +381 11-3100123. Good reliable business hotel on west bank. B&B double €65. (updated May 2019)
Hotel Evropa, Terazije 2 (enter from Sremska), ☏ +381 11 3626017, office@hotelevropa.rs. In a historic building. Air-condition, free Wi-Fi, free access to the spa centre: a sauna, Turkish bath and a jacuzzi. B&B double €200. (updated May 2019)
Townhouse 27, Marsala Birjuzova 56, ☏ +381 11 20 22 900, hotel@townhouse27.com. Clean & efficient 4-star, close to city centre. B&B double from €120. (updated May 2019)
Crystal Hotel, Internacionalnih brigada 9 (just south of St Sava), ☏ +381 11 7151000, info@crystalhotel.rs. Decent hotel, has 44 rooms with high speed internet and pay TV. B&B double from €70. (updated May 2019)
Balkan Hotel, Prizrenska 2, ☏ +381 37 3552534. Four-star hotel overlooking Terazije square. It's closed for renovation in early 2019. (updated May 2019)
Moskva, Balkanska 1 (just above Zeleni Venac), ☏ +381 11 3642071. Upmarket hotel in a landmark building. Rooms are stylish but small, and tall visitors should avoid the fifth floor where the pitch of the roof closes in. Helpful multilingual staff. Excellent breakfast, with the piano tinkling over the eggs and patisserie - now this is what we call cafe society! (Especially with limited mobility, since you can enter via the cafe at street level and avoid the steps to the main hotel entrance.) Room safe & fridge, Wifi & satellite TV. B&B double €100. (updated May 2019)
Aleksandar Palas, Kralja Petra 13–15, ☏ +381 11 2633111. A boutique hotel near the Knez Mihailova pedestrian street and the Kalemegdan fortress.
Hyatt Regency, Milentija Popovica 5, Novi Beograd (between Ušće Shopping Center and Crowne Plaza), ☏ +381 11 301 1234. Big four star on west bank, mostly good reviews but rooms are showing their age. B&B double from €85. (updated May 2019)
Crowne Plaza (formerly Continental and InterContinental), Vladimira Popovica 10, Novi Beograd, ☏ +381 11 2204004. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 12:00. Big glassy business hotel on west bank, with fitness centre and conference facilities, connected by passageway to the Sava congress & retail center. Self-parking €19 per 24 hours. B&B double from €120. (updated May 2019)
IN Hotel Belgrade, Bulevar Arsenija Carnojevica 56, Novi Beograd, ☏ +381 11 310 5300. Boxy 4-star on west bank, gets good reviews for comfort & facilities. 200 m from Kombank Arena, handy for riverside life and highway out to airport. B&B double from €70. (updated May 2019)
Overall, Belgrade is a pretty safe city, but like anywhere, you should always keep money, mobile phones, travel documents and other valuable personal items in secure places. Pickpocketers are known to operate in public transportation, and other crowded places so never wear a backpack or purse on your back and make sure that you have your wallet in one of your front pockets. If you own a car, it is preferable to have a security system. Traffic laws are usually observed although nervous drivers can change lanes suddenly or make dangerous turns when avoiding traffic during rush hour. So be cautious if you are a pedestrian or riding a bike. The taxi drivers are notorious for swerving in and out of lanes. Pay close attention to the traffic signals as a pedestrian.
Also try to avoid getting into conflicts. If you are staying out late in a bar or a club, there is always a small chance that someone will try to pick a fight especially if you are in a group and a single guy is showing hostility. That is a trap by local thugs looking for a brawl. Just ignore them and walk away no matter what they say or do. The chances that this will happen are very low, but stay alert. Do not try to make fun of the locals in your native language. Almost everyone has at least a basic understanding of English and is familiar with foul words and curses. Generally, common sense is the best way to stay safe in any city in Europe, and in Belgrade.
In Serbia, including Belgrade, violence against the LGBTQ population can occur, and as such LGBTQ travelers should exercise discretion. As a rule, public displays of affection between two people of the same sex are likely to be met with disapproval and sometimes verbal abuse and/or physical violence. There are several gay bars and clubs in the city and they tend to get quite full. Be cautious when arriving at or leaving such clubs. Often there is security personnel guarding the immediate entrance. There are also LGBTQ parties organized periodically by various organizations and at different locations, such as Loud and Queer events, so it is useful to follow LGBTQ guides to Belgrade and keep up with the current hotspots.
In case of an emergency, call 192 (police), 193 (fire) or 194 (ambulance). Always carry the phone number and an address of your embassy with you. In case of injury or illness, the place to go is the Urgentni centar (Emergency center), Pasterova 2 of the Clinical Center of Serbia. Be aware that not all medical facilities have personnel that speak English or other foreign languages. Consult the embassy of your country if possible.
Prvi maj, Kralja Milana 9, +381 11 3344-923
Sveti Sava, Nemanjina 2, +381 11 2643-170
Zemun, Glavna 34, +381 11 2618-582
Dom Zdravlja Novi Beograd, Palmira Toljatija 7
The international telephone code for Serbia is 381. Most cities in Serbia and mobile operators have 2-digit area code. There is only one area code for Belgrade and that is 11. Typical land-line phone number in Belgrade +381-11/xxx-xxxx. Typical mobile phone number is +381-6x/xxx-xxxx. From Serbian land line phone, use 00 prefix for international calls (e.g. 0031-20/xxx-xxxx for Amsterdam, Netherlands), and prefix 0 for calls inside Serbia but outside your area (e.g. 021/xxx-xxxx for Novi Sad, Serbia or 06x/xxx-xxxx for Serbian mobile). If you dial inside the same area, there is no need to use the prefix (just dial xxx-xxxx). From a mobile phone, you always have to dial the area code (011/xxx-xxxx for Belgrade land line phone, 0xx/xxx-xxx(x) for other Serbian land line phones or 06x/xxx-xxxx for Serbian mobile).
Basically all of Serbia is covered with mobile networks of all three operators. It is easy to buy and charge cheap pre-paid numbers at the kiosks around the city. If you use 064, 065 or 066 (MTS), pre-paid number, use *100# to check the credit, for 063, 062 and 069 (Telenor), use *121#, for 061 and 060 (Vip), use *123#.
There is a number of red-colored payphones across the city, operated by telephone cards available at the kiosks.
Free wireless access is available at Student park in Belgrade center and in many restaurants, bars and hotels. Mobile operators offers pre- and post-paid wireless Internet packages.
Pošta Srbije runs the national postal service. Postal office locationsdead link can be found on their website.
Belgrade's climate is generally temperate, so tourist visits are possible at any time of year. However, July and August can be uncomfortably hot, with temperatures reaching 40 °C (104 °F) on several days. Minimize your exposure to the sun on such days to avoid heat exhaustion. On the other hand, January and February are sometimes very cold. When it snows in winter, the streets are covered in sleet the next day, so be careful when walking. The Košava, a notorious Belgrade wind, may give you a cold more quickly than you would expect - take care and dress appropriately.
For runners, a sunrise or sunset run through Kalemegdan is a must-do. Running along the Ada lake in the mornings or evenings is a great experience too. Try to avoid running during the day, as it usually is both hot and very crowded.
There are a lot of stray animals roaming streets, particularly dogs. Whilst it is very rare that they demonstrate outward signs of illness or aggression, err on the side of caution and avoid coming in physical contact. These are nevertheless rarely seen in the city center.
Pharmacies – called 'apoteka' – are found throughout the city center. Look for lit green crosses on building façades. Some, such as the ones in Francuska or Kralja Milana streets, are open 24/7. These will carry a range of prescription medicines, as well as over-the-counter products like pain killers and vitamin supplements.
There are a few dozens gyms around the city, every neighborhood has at least a few. Prices range (so as quality) €20–80 per month, or a bit less for 12/16 visits.
In case you need to fix your umbrella you may do that in the last remaining umbrella service in town in Visnjiceva 4.
It is difficult to avoid tobacco smoke in restaurants, bars and clubs. However, other enclosed public places, including the malls, are smoke-free. Some hotels allow smoking in parts of the building.
Canada, Kneza Miloša 75, ☏ +381 11 306-3000, bgrad@international.gc.ca. M-F 08:00-16:00.
China, Užička 25, ☏ +381-11-3695057, chinaemb_yu@mfa.gov.cn.
Finland, Birčaninova 29, ☏ +381 11-306 5400, fax: +381 11-306 5375, sanomat.beo@formin.fi. M-F 08:00-15:45.
Germany, Neznanog junaka 1a, ☏ +381 11 3064-300. M-Th 08:00-16:00, F 08:00-14:00.
Greece, Francuska 33, ☏ +381 11 3226523, gremb.bel@mfa.gr.
Japan, Genex Apartments, Vladimira Popovića 6, ☏ +381 11 3012800-4, fax: +381 11 311-8258.
dead link Mexico, Ljutice Bogdana 5, Dedinje, Savski venac, ☏ +381 11 367 4170.
North Macedonia, Gospodar Jevremova 34, ☏ +381 11 328 4924, belgrade@mfa.gov.mk. (updated Nov 2018)
Poland, Kneza Miloša 38, ☏ +381 11 2065 301, belgrad.amb.sekretariat@msz.gov.pl.
Romania, Mihaila Avramovica 12, ☏ +381 11 36 75 772, belgrad@mae.ro. (updated Dec 2021)
Russia, Deligradska 32, ☏ +381 11 361 1090, +381 11 361 1323, fax: +381 11 361 1900, info@ambarusk.rs.
Switzerland, Bulevar Oslobođenja 4, ☏ +381 11 3065 820.
Turkey, Krunska 73 (formerly Krunska 1, now further down the street), ☏ +381 11 3332 400, embassy.belgrade@mfa.gov.tr.
United Kingdom, Resavska 46, ☏ +381 11 2645 055.
United States, Bulevar kneza Aleksandra Karađorđevića 92 (The U.S. Embassy has moved from its downtown location at Kneza Miloša 50 to a new building in the Dedinje area of Belgrade), ☏ +381 11 706 4000.
Novi Sad is a fine old city 100 km north of Belgrade, the standout being its Petrovaradin Fortress brooding over the Danube.
The town near Novi Sad on the south bank of the Danube is historic Sremski Karlovci, with many museums, churches and galleries.
The mountain west of it is Fruška Gora, with monasteries, vineyards and wildlife.
South of Belgrade, near the town of Topola in Šumadija region, is Oplenac hill, with the Mausoleum of the Serbian Royal family.
A little north of there near Aranđelovac is Orašac, cockpit of the First Serbian Uprising against the Turks.
Vršac, 60 km northeast of Belgrade, is a notable wine-growing area.
There are spas at Aranđelovac, Mladenovac and Mionica-Valjevo.
Viminacium is the extensive remains of the Roman provincial capital of Moesia. It's 80 km southeast of Belgrade near Pozarevac in Podunavlje region.
Leave the country by boarding the train Lovcen (433) at 8:20 PM to wake up in Bar (a coastal Montenegrin city) at 7:23 AM (with a border control happening in the middle of the night).
This city travel guide to Belgrade is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.