For other places with the same name, see Bergen (disambiguation).
Bergen is Norway's second largest city and the most popular gateway to the fjords of West Norway. The city is renowned for its great location amidst mountains, fjords, and the ocean. Steep mountains and highlands within the city offer excellent hiking opportunities. The city center is compact and can easily be covered on foot, while the city as a whole is spacious and sprawling. Bergen and suburbs are home to about one quarter of the people in West Norway.
Having fostered many of Norway's greatest bands and artists, the city is also known for its cultural life and underground/indie music scene. Bergen's unpredictable weather adds to its quirky, unmistakable charm. Bergen was Norway's main city for centuries, and many patriotic inhabitants believe it still is.
The character of Bergen is defined by its location, surrounded by steep mountains and sea (straits and fjords). The city has many lakes. It is a typical Norwegian wooden town, even downtown there are notable neighbourhoods of small wooden houses in various styles. Few towns if any have so many wooden houses in the centre. In some areas wooden houses have been replaced by taller masonry structures, giving the city a fascinating mix of old and new.
Bergen is a sprawling city stretching some 40-50 km in either direction where the 286,000 inhabitants (2021) are separated by mountains, fjords and lakes. Only the central parts are visible from the panorama points at Mount Fløyen. The distant parts of the city are mostly of less interest to the visitor. The city centre is on the other hand compact and can be covered by walking for most visitors. Bergen is facing the ocean and coast, and the hinterland is relatively sparsely populated. Bergen is separated from eastern Norway by crooked fjords and wide, inhospitable mountain areas, and until the Bergen railway was built in 1909 the most practical transport east-west was several days sailing around the coast.
Central Bergen is characterized by a fascinating conglomerate of small, older wooden houses and newer masonry buildings as well as modern steel-and-glass structures. Bergen has some fine examples of functionalist architecture such as Kalmar House and Sundt shopping centre. "Brutalist" buildings include the science building at the university and the city hall.
Narrow alleys (smug) with small wooden houses is one of Bergen's trademarks.
Sentrum, the very centre, is the area around the lake and just north of the lake (right hand). The hill in the background: Museums and Johanneskirken.
Bergen grew organically from the small port and trading post at Bryggen from around year 1000. Because of frequent fires only some masonry buildings (notably Mariakirken and Håkonshallen) remain from the middle ages. But the city centre has retained many aspects of its ancient layout. Notable are the many wide streets or open spaces, called allmenning (commons), perpendicular to Vågen (the inner harbour). These allmennings often rise steeply from the waterfront. Torgallmenningen is not open to cars and defines the modern city centre. Ordinary streets in the medieval town were often long and more narrow, and ran parallel to the waterfront. Narrow and short streets, smug (alley), run among houses packed close together. Alleys are usually too narrow for cars and some are so steep that there are stairs.
Key areas within central Bergen:
Vågen. Vågen is the inner harbour in a natural bay. The fishmarket is at the inner part of Vågen. Bergen emerged as Norway's main town in the middle ages along the shores of Vågen. (updated Jun 2019)
Bryggen (the German or Hanseatic wharf) on the East shore of Vågen, this is the historical centre (including Øvregaten/Lille Øvregaten streets)
From Bryggen area, Mt. Fløyen rises steeply. The slopes of Mt. Fløyen are dominated by wooden residential buildings, some among the finest and most expensive in town.
Just north of Bryggen is Bergenhus fortress and Håkonshallen (previously also known as Holmen, "the eyot", effectively Norway's capital during some periods of the middle ages).
Nordnes. Nordnes is the peninsula West of Vågen, the shore along Vågen was known as "the beach" (now Strandkaien and Strandgaten streets). The area is characterised by many small wooden residential buildings. Home to the aquarium, an outdoor swimming pool, Fredriksberg fortress and a fine park at the North point. The elevated terrain surrounded by steep hills or cliffs offers a fine panorama of the city. (updated Jun 2019)
Sentrum. The intersection of Torgallmenningen and Ole Bulls plass squares is the focal point of the modern city centre. Included in Sentrum is also the area around Lille Lungegårdsvann (the octagonal lake). The area is dominated by shops, restaurants, hotels and office buildings. (updated Jun 2019)
Nygårdshøyden. Nygårdshøyden: West of the very centre a distinct mountainous ridge runs in the north-south direction. By locals simply Høyden ("the hill") and is easily recognised by the landmark church Johanneskirken (St. John's). Home to the University and several museums. The northern part is known as Sydneshaugen while Nygårdsparken occupies the southern part. (updated Jun 2019)
Store Lungegårdsvannet is a lake or bay of brackish water separating central Bergen from areas to the south. Puddefjorden separates central Bergen from Laksevåg area to the west.
Sandviken. Sandviken, Skuteviken and Ladegården are primarily residential areas north of Bryggen and the fortress. The area begins a few minutes walk from Bryggen and stretches for some 3 km along the base of a steep mountain. Dominated by pretty wooden houses, particularly in Skuteviken houses are packed in small space without roads. The Norwegian School of Economics (Norges Handelshøyskole), an elite education and research institution, is located in the northern end of Sandviken. (updated Jun 2019)
Strandgaten is Bergen's old shopping street, centred on the fine Svaneapoteket building from 1916. Svaneapoteket is Norway's oldest pharmacy (established in 1595).
Founded around 1070 AD, Bergen quickly evolved into the biggest and commercially most important city in Norway. It was the country's administrative capital from the early 1200s until 1299, and the second largest city in Scandinavia. Bergen was one of the most important bureau cities of the Hanseatic League, interconnecting continental Europe with the northern and coastal parts of Norway, thus becoming a central spot for the vending of stockfish and the commercial hub of Norway. It was the largest city in Norway until the 1830s and has a long maritime history in shipping and finance. Until the Bergen railway (Bergensbanen) began operation in 1909 there was no convenient overland transport between Norway's principal cities.
The city still has relics of its Hanseatic heyday, most notably the old harbour of Bryggen, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Bergen has been ravaged by several fires; the most recent major fire took place in 1916, a fire which destroyed most of the buildings in what is today the central parts of the city centre, around on the large square Torgallmenningen. About 400 buildings were lost.
Because of a long tradition of wood building even in cramped areas like Bergen, the city has been destroyed several times by fire. In 1702 90% of the city was destroyed including Bryggen.
While few medieval buildings remain, the historical centre of Bergen is along the eastern shore of Vågen (the inner harbour), notably Bryggen (the Wharf), the fortress and the two key churches (Mariakirken/St Mary's and Korskirken/Holy Cross church). The pattern of settlement is largely unchanged for almost 1,000 years, including Øvregaten/Lille Øvregate − one of Norway's oldest streets. St. Mary's and Holy cross church were built around 1150 at either end of what was then the city. St. Mary's, with its unusual double towers and prominent location, may have been planned as the city's main church at the time.
The western shore of the inner harbour were developed later and became the modern city centre. This shore was known as Stranden ("the Strand") and was dominated by Norwegians, while the Hanseatic merchants dominated the eastern shore. Strandgaten became the main shopping street for locals and visitors from the hinterland. Strandgaten was presumably established in the middle ages and the middle section is basically unchanged in the last several hundred years.
The "blue stone" on the main square.
White wooden houses, one of Bergen's trademarks
Bergen is located in the far west in Norway, sheltered from the North Sea only by a number of islands. It is situated along latitude 60 degrees north, on the same latitude as Oslo, Stockholm, Helsinki, Saint Petersburg and Anchorage. The city is the most hilly and mountainous in Norway. The city centre is surrounded by a group of mountains and peaks known as the Seven Mountains. This has given the city its name (berg is an old Norse word for mountain). The geographic conditions of the city are very visible; limited space to build on made it necessary in the 19th century that new city blocks be built on the steep slopes of mount Fløyen.
Except for the dense city centre, which made up the entire incorporated city before 1916, Bergen is the least dense of the four largest cities in Norway. Bergen covers the same width as Oslo but Oslo has 3 times more people within the city. London for instance has 10 times higher population density than Bergen. Most of the settlement inside the very wide city borders is concentrated in the western part of the municipality. The rest of the municipality is made up of mountains, as well as some farmland and smaller settlements. Except for the compact city centre, distances are relatively long within the municipality of Bergen.
The geographical centre of Bergen is the intersection of Torgallmenningen and Ole Bulls plass, indicated by the "blue stone" a nine meter long slightly inclined slab. Torgallmenningen square and Ole Bulls plass are the main axes in central Bergen. Historically, the centre was slightly more east at Vågen (the bay) or at Bryggen.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmThe best site for weather forecasts in English is yr.no
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Due to the city's northern location, close to the northern sea and surrounded by mountains, special weather conditions occur, resulting in approximately 240 days with precipitation a year and a mean temperature of  °C ( °F). In January 2007, a record of 85 rainy days in a row was set. Still, local people claim there is no such thing as bad weather, only bad clothing. An annual mean at close to 8 °C, with even January on average above 0 °C, makes Bergen the warmest city in Norway. Frost just below 0°C and some snow occurs between December and February, but temperatures colder than -10 °C are very rare. Temperatures above 30 °C are also extremely rare.
For the rest of us, the trick is obviously to choose the time of visit with caution. The infamous rain should not keep visitors away in summer, because when the sun breaks through after a rainy day, hardly any city twinkles and glows like Bergen. If you catch the city on a sunny day, you will find an incredible atmosphere as the citizens really know how to appreciate nice weather. City planners have probably had this in mind, resulting in the creation of open spaces, parks, flowers and lawns that are scattered all over downtown.
July has the highest mean temperature,  °C ( °F), with August,  °C ( °F) following close behind. May is usually the month with the least precipitation. Considering the number of local events this month, May is probably the best time to visit Bergen, with the summer months of June, July and August almost as good. April is also a relatively dry month, although cooler than the summer months. These averages are merely indications as weather is famously unpredictable and rain does not appear in any regular pattern.
Grieghallen - the home of the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra.
Bergen is one of the most important cultural centres of Norway. The city is home to the Bergen International Festival, Nattjazz and Bergenfest, festivals of international renown within their genres. The local symphony orchestra, Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra, was founded in 1765. It is one of the world's oldest orchestral institutions. Bergen was the home of Norway's great composer, Edvard Grieg. Henrik Ibsen, the famous playwright, started his career in Bergen as manager of Den Nationale Scene.
Around 2000, a number of artists from the rhythmic music scene in Bergen gained international fame. In the domestic press, this became known as the Bergen Wave. Musicians and bands with roots in Bergen include Annie, Burzum, Enslaved, Gorgoroth, Immortal, Erlend Øye, Kings of Convenience, Sondre Lerche, and Datarock. Bergen still has a thriving underground/indie music scene.
Bergen is home to important institutions of research and education: The University of Bergen, the College of Applied Sciences, and the Norwegian School of Economics. Even before these institutions were created important work were done in Bergen. Armauer Hansen in 1873 discovered that leprosy was caused by a bacteria, a major breakthrough in medical sciences that laid the foundation for modern epidemiology and was also a major input to microbiology. Fridtjof Nansen, the great explorer, sportsman, humanitarian and diplomat, made his first contribution to the novel science of neuroanatomy when he worked at Bergen Museum during the 1880s. Nansen's research on neurons was so groundbreaking that it was not fully appreciated at the time. Vilhelm Bjerknes and the Bergen school of Meteorology developed the basis for modern weather forecasting.
Bergen Airport Flesland (BGO IATA) (19 km south of the city). The main international airports with flights to Bergen are Copenhagen, London, and Amsterdam. There are also flights from the United Kingdom (such as Newcastle, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen); Prague, Dublin, Paris, Berlin, Frankfurt, various cities in Spain, and some other airports. There are also a number of domestic flights, such as Oslo, Trondheim, Stavanger, Tromsø, Kristiansand and Sandefjord, connecting Bergen to additional international airports. A plane ticket from the capital Oslo to Bergen usually costs around kr 300-400. The main carriers in Norway are SAS and the low cost airline Norwegian Air Shuttle. The Dutch KLM has flights to Amsterdam, Lufthansa to Frankfurt. The smallest airports in Norway are usually served by Widerøe. A new spacious terminal replaced the old in 2017 with more services and airside facilities. (updated Feb 2024)
Flybussen departs from right outside the terminal building. Flybussen makes frequent stops, including at Bryggen, the Fisketorget, and the bus terminal. The journey downtown takes about 30–40 minutes. Adult tickets are kr 120, return ticket kr 170 (discounts for children, students and senior citizens apply). Buy your ticket before boarding to save kr 10, either online, from a machine or from a ticket vendor. However, tickets can easily be bought on the bus, with either cash or cards. Buses run frequently throughout the day. There is a machine next to luggage collection in arrivals, and at the bus stop at the airport, so buy your ticket while you are waiting for your luggage.
Bergen Light Rail station at the airport terminal.
The Bergen Light Rail has its southern terminus at the airport, the station is in the basement outdoor. This is the cheapest option for travelling downtown since it charges the regular public transport fares (kr 37 for an adult single ticket, kr 19 for children and seniors). The light rail runs very frequently, from 05:00 to past 00:00, with up to 12 departures an hour, but it is a stopping service and takes 45 minutes to its final stop at Byparken. The only other public transit line is bus line 23, which runs to the western neighborhoods of Søreide and Loddefjord. Line 23 runs only in the morning and evening rush hours Mondays to Fridays.
Taxis are also available but they cost much more (kr 300-350 on weekdays to downtown, more at night and at the weekend).
The car rental companies Avis, Budget, Hertz, Europcar and National have offices at the airport. Located in the terminal building, by the exit, most of them are open 07:00-21:00 on weekdays. Opening hours in the weekend are limited, but some of the companies will offer 24 hours rental if you make a reservation.
Bergen line runs through high mountains
Bergendead link is served by one railway line, Bergen Line (Bergensbanen), which runs from Oslo through Hønefoss. Bergen is the last station and there is only one station in the city (in addition one station in Arna, east of the city proper). Reforms of the railway structure have made it somewhat more confusing to travel by rail, as there are now several train companies that share the Norwegian rail network. The Bergen Line is served by Vy, the successor to the Norwegian State Railways. The journey takes about 7 hours and gives you beautiful views, especially for the last 3 hours across the plateau and down towards Voss and Bergen. When passing Geilo, you will cross over a high mountain plateau and then travel downwards through some of the best scenery in Norway.
If you buy your ticket online well in advance, fares may be as low as kr 199 for a one-way ticket. For an additional fee, you may upgrade your ticket to Vy Pluss, the equivalent of first class, with slightly better seats and free coffee and tea. If you want to make more out of your journey, get a window seat on one of the most recently upgraded trains (they're quite stylish and have power outlets by every seat) on the left hand side (this will give you the best view). There is a separate company, Entur, which handles tickets on all long-distance train and bus lines in Norway. It is easiest to buy tickets directly from Entur if you need to switch between train and bus, or different train operators.
The ticket office is only open limited hours - outside of which you must use the ticket machines. Note that travel tickets booked via an agent (including Norway in a Nutshell) must be collected from the ticket office. There is a small deli that sells coffee, snacks and some supermarket items open early and late. There is a small cafe with limited opening hours (closed before 17:00 most days).
Universal access is a priority to Vy. Book your ticket on the phone or buy it at the train station at least a day in advance to inform staff if you have any special needs. You will have the same offers as are available online. Most trains are equipped with lifts or ramps and handicap toilets. Wheelchairs can be secured on board. For the seeing impaired, there are tactile lines in the larger stations. Staff will assist you in the station. If you need an assistant and can provide documentation, you and your travelling companion will get a 50% discount off the full ticket price.
Bergen station (QFV IATA) is located in the eastern corner of the city centre at Strømgaten 4, close to the bus station and the Bygarasjen parking facility.
For more details see: Driving in Norway
If arriving in Bergen by car, you will be better off not taking your car into the city centre unless you know exactly where you're going, as most streets are one-way or do not allow cars at all (only buses and taxis), read more in the Get around section. Parking is generally forbidden (unless explicitly permitted) downtown inside zone 1, and restricted outside zone 1.
Generally, you will find that many roads in rural areas, even the highways between the cities, are partly narrow and slow. There are no motorways except a few kilometers around the city, most main roads (E16, road 7) are two-lane undivided and limited to 80 km/h (50 mph). Even if some people drive very fast, you should mind the speed limits (usually 80 km/h) and drive according to the conditions. In the mountains, help can be hours away. Furthermore, you will find traffic controls and police in unmarked cars nearly everywhere. Fines are very high. To avoid dangerous situations, it's a very good idea stop and let faster going traffic pass you. Except in and around Bergen, traffic is generally very light, although there may be some traffic on road 7 during summer vacation and around weekends.
Road E16 from Oslo and Voss makes a circle from Arna through Åsane where it joins E39 on a motorway to the centre (northern approach). At Sandviken the wide road continues through a long tunnel to the southern end of the city centre in order to avoid the centre, while those heading for the centre can either exit at Sandviken or just after the tunnel. The southern approach (E39) comes from the Halhjem ferry dock at Os and arrives downtown just before the long tunnel. Find a good parking, and use legs or public transport inside the centre.
The trip from Oslo to Bergen takes between seven and nine hours, depending on the route, the driving conditions and whether you choose to make any stops on the way. Be prepared to add some hours driving time in the winter - and remember that the daylight will be scarce for many months. All routes Oslo to Bergen run through mountain passes. It might be a good idea to use two days on the tour in the winter if you're not accustomed to these conditions. A 12- or even 14-hour drive on icy, dark roads in bad weather is not very nice. Keep in mind that many roads in Norway are often narrow and slow due to relatively low traffic and the difficult landscape in which they are built.
Itinerary, number(s)
The official main road through Filefjell mountain pass. Continues via Oslo airport to Gävle, Sweden.
Scenic drive with iconic fjords, waterfalls, mountains and lakes, as well as cultural heritage (stave churches). The most reliable route in winter, as it does not go above the tree limit and is less prone to be closed on short notice due to weather conditions, compared with the other mountain crossings. Mostly light traffic. E16 is the longest, a bit slow through the villages of Valdres, and some narrow places. Between Lærdal and Flåm, through Lærdalstunnelen, at  km the longest road tunnel in the world, separated into 6-km bits by large caverns, in which tunnel-lagged drivers can pull over and rest.
Through Hemsedal mt pass. Alternative to the above.
Preferred by truckers, only a few narrow places. Also scenic. Occasionally closed in winter if strong wind (blizzard).
Hol-Aurland mt pass. Road 50 is county road.
Also scenic. Partly steep and narrow, few or no trucks. Some times closed in winter. From upper Hallingdal to Flåm. Take road 7 to Hagafoss, then road 50 to Flåm. This is a quick route many Norwegians prefer, but be prepared for some narrow, dark tunnels and the rather steep, but breathtaking descent just before Aurland.
Through Hardangervidda plataeu and mt pass.
Very scenic drive with iconic fjords, waterfalls, mountains and lakes. Often closed during winter, but fastest during the summer and shortest (460 km), around 7 hours Oslo-Bergen plus breaks. Designated a national tourist route and one of the most scenic route, but also more difficult with regards to both weather and driving conditions except in summer. Runs across the mountain plateau Hardangervidda, descending along Vøringsfossen waterfall and through the wild canyon beneath, and along the innermost parts of Hardangerfjord. Cross the fjord on the 1380 m Hardanger bridge (toll) and continue to Voss where road 13 meets E16.
An alternative between the Hardanger bridge and Bergen, stay on road 7 along the lovely "Hardangerfjord route" from Granvin via Norheimsund, partly narrow and winding, even with single lane roads. Caravanists, be aware!
From Kongsberg to Geilo on road 40, and then over the Hardangervidda plateau (road).
Enjoy decent and some good roads along this peaceful valley. This route has much less traffic than Hallingdal. A good alternative if you travel from Vestfold county, but not the fastest route from Oslo. Numedal has numerous ancient wooden buildings.
--road 551--road 48--
Through Haukeli mt pass. Includes ferry crossing at Gjermundshamn-Årsnes. Alternative crossing at Jondal-Tørrvikbygd.
Scenic drive past glaciers and lakes. The Haukeli route via Telemark through the southern part of Hordaland county on E134. Take road 13 to Odda, then 555 to Utne and the ferry to Kvanndal. Continue on the Hardangerfjord route (see above). Variant: The “unknown”, fascinating route from Odda via the Folgefonna tunnel to the outer Hardangerfjord area. Visit the Barony at Rosendal or try summer skiing at the glacier, then take the ferry from Løfallstrand to Gjermundhavn. Drive to Eikelandsosen and take the short Venjaneset-Hatvik ferry crossing, or drive to Tysse and over Gullbotn to Bergen. Some narrow roads. As for the Numedal route this is a good alternative if you’re starting from the districts south of Oslo - or if you arrive on a ferry (Horten, Sandefjord, Langesund, Larvik, etc.)
Road 7 (Rv7) passing Vøringsfossen waterfall.
If you plan to cross the mountains (for instance by driving from Oslo to Bergen) in the winter season, it is imperative that you are prepared for the journey. The conditions are harsh. Always keep a full tank of fuel, and keep warm clothes, food and drink in the car. Make sure your tires are good enough and suited for winter conditions (studded or non-studded winter tires; "all-year" tires are not good enough), and that you have sufficient skills for driving in snowy and cold conditions. Roads are often closed on short notice due to weather conditions. For advice on conditions and closed roads, call 175 in Norway or check the online road reports (in Norwegian only) from the Norwegian State road authorities. Not all parts of the country have cellular phone coverage.
The quick route is E39, which takes you past Haugesund, Stord and Os. The trip takes approximately 5 hours and includes 2 ferries.
The more scenic route includes a long detour along road 13 through the inner fjords via Odda and Hardanger.
From Ålesund or any of the other cities, towns and villages north of Bergen
The shortest road is E39, preferably using route 60 past Stryn which saves one ferry crossing. There are still two ferry crossings.
The more scenic drive includes detours along road 60 (Hellesylt and Stryn), road 63 (Geiranger) or road 5 (Fjaerland and Sogndal).
From Trondheim and the north part of Møre og Romsdal
E39 is an obvious possibility, but it has at least four ferries.
E6 until Otta, then on road 15 towards road E39 via Stryn and the Sognefjord ferry, is a scenic alternative, and probably the fastest and used by the express buses.
The inland roads (via E6, road 250 and E16, no ferry) might be an easier albeit longer and less scenic option.
or road 55 Lom to Sogndal via Sognefjellet mountain pass, the highest main road in Norway. Open in summer only.
From Kristiansand where ferries from Denmark arrive:
Road E39. This route is the shortest but has two ferry crossings. No mountain passes, but mountains can be seen, and sea views also.
Road 9 to Haukeli–Road E134–Road 13 to Voss–E16. This route is a little longer but has no ferry and is faster. Scenic mountain pass.
Nor-Way express bus heading for Bergen.
Via the network of NOR-WAY Bussekspress, Bergen is accessible by direct links from all of South Norway. Bus is usually the cheapest way to travel, but can take some time. The national buses are very comfortable, but not suitable for people using wheelchairs. Schedules and fares are available online, and it is also possible to pre-book. Booking may be required on some routes. The bus station is just a few minutes walk from the city centre. The terminal for long distance buses is situated on the rear side of the station. The en-tur website may be used for planning purposes.
Hurtigruten docking at Bryggen in the very centre of Bergen
There are fast boat services from several communities north and south of Bergen, including many of the islands. Because these passenger ferries stop at various small towns on the way there, you get a great view of the coast and its islands. Fjord1 runs ferries north of Bergen, Norled runs services south of Bergen, and Skyss also does a bit of both, including the Sunnhordland. Fjord Line operates a passenger ferry service from/to Stavanger.
The boat terminal (Strandkaiterminalen båtkai) lies right beyond the fish market. It has luggage lockers, charged daily.
Bergen is the southern terminus for Hurtigruten, a week-long passenger ship route with stops along Norway's coast all the way to Kirkenes in the far north of Norway. Ålesund can be reached overnight, and Trondheim will take one full day and two nights. The terminal is located at Nøstet. The Hurtigruten ships are accessible with a wheelchair.
There are car ferries which run to and from Hirtshals in northern Denmark, by way of Stavanger, operated by Fjord Line. The terminal is the Skoltegrunnen pier, some hundred meters beyond Bryggen.
Bergen is one of Europe's busiest cruise ports and is available by cruise departing from several North Sea ports.
60°23′42″N 5°19′12″EThe city center of Bergen
Downtown Bergen is compact and easy to walk for most visitors. Most sights and hotels are located within few minutes walk within downtown. While the very centre is located on a relatively flat piece of land, there are hills in virtually every direction out of the centre so heading downhill usually leads to centre. The main square is the east/west Torgallmenningen, a pedestrian zone. The Nordnes peninsula points north from the very centre, on the eastern side is Vågen, a small bay and once Bergens main harbour, lined on the eastern side by Bryggen and the Fortress. Overall navigation is generally easy as the summits and the bay provides clear indication of general direction, Mt Ulriken is a key landmark for large parts of the city, while downtown St John’s Church (Johanneskirken) with its characteristic red brick and green roof is another landmark. The sturdy theater building at the top of Ole Bulls place is also a point to note. Precise navigation through many irregular streets may still be challenging. Navigation by car can be equally difficult because of hills, narrow streets and many one-way streets, what seems close on the map may in fact be a long drive.
Bergen is idiosyncratic in many ways, including the layout and names of streets:
Allmenning are wide streets or squares, laid out at strategic points to prevent fires spreading through the city, often perpendicular to main streets and to the water front, the main square is Torgallmenningen
Smug/smau are narrow alleys, usually too narrow for cars, some are so steep that there are stairs
Smalgang is even more narrow than smug
Strede old name for street (rarely used but note Skostredet - "Shoe street")
In addition there is a handful of specific names without generic suffixes like “−gate”, for instance Bryggen (“the Wharf”), Strangehagen (“Strange's garden”, a street), Klosteret (“the Monastery”, a square), Georgernes Verft (“Georges' Shipyard”, a street), Marken, Engen (“the Meadow”, a square), Krinkelkroken ("Nook and cranny"), Galgebakken ("Gallow hill"), Arbeiderboligen (“Workers' residence”), Torget ("The Market"), Vaskerelven ("Laundry river", a street).
Torgallmenningen is the very centre of the city. It is a wide gap designed as a firebreak, originally laid out in 1582 after a major fire and later widened. Photo from the 1950s, when the space was open to cars; now it's the city's most important pedestrian zone.
Within the city centre, walking is the best way to get around. You can walk across downtown in 20 minutes in any direction. The most central streets of the city are relatively flat and generally have a good accessibility for the disabled, sidewalks have rounded corners to allow access by wheelchair. The characteristic alleys and narrow streets (often with stairs rather than ordinary streets) on the slopes are however not available by wheelchair and may be difficult to walk for the disabled. The most important pedestrian crossings have sound signals and are indicated by tactile paving. They are also accessible with a wheelchair. Although cobblestone is a popular material in the streets, it is rarely used in pedestrian areas. A map with more information on this subject is available from the municipality's websitedead link.
Bus schedules can be a bit difficult to understand. Ask a local or a bus driver; they will usually be able and happy to assist you. Or use en-tur.no. There are information desks at the bus station and off Torgalmenningen providing information on all local bus and train lines free of charge. Calling 177 will also put you in contact with the information centre (if you call from a cell phone, be sure to ask for the information centre for Hordaland county, as this is a national service).
Schedules and outline maps of the services are available online from the Skyss website together with an online travel planner. There are schedule and travel planner apps available for Android and iOS mobile phones and tablets. Printed schedules can be picked up from any bus, but are only available in Norwegian.
For a few major stops, the bus may have a fixed departure time, and will not leave before schedule. At other stops though, a bus may leave a few minutes ahead of schedule. During periods of high traffic, the bus may be several minutes late. Rush hour traffic is sometimes accounted for in the schedule by greater time allowances, but busy Saturday shopping is often not.
City bus with the signature Skyss-color
Bergen urban area, built up areas indicated with colors
Tickets can be bought from the driver, from ticket machines at major stops, from many grocery and convenience stores, from the information desks at the bus station and off Torgalmenningen, or via the "Skyss billett" app for iOS and Android (available free of charge on Google Play and the App Store).
The driver only accepts cash payment. Tickets are more expensive when bought from the driver.
If you purchase your ticket in advance, you will be given a receipt and a grey card that is actually your ticket. The ticket must be validated when you enter a bus by holding it close to the electronic card reader until you get a green light. Tickets purchased via the apps do not require validation.
The following ticket options are available (pr. August 2022; prices listed apply to adults and only for travels within Bergen and the neighbouring municipalities of Os, Øygarden, Osterøy, Alver, Austrheim and Fedje):
Single ticket - kr 40 (kr 60 when bought from the driver)
7-day season ticket - kr 235
30-day season ticket - kr 755
180-day season ticket - kr 3775
For an always updated price list, the bus company's official website is also available in English here
Senior citizens (67 years or older), children (15 years or younger) and disabled persons are entitled to discounts on all tickets. Students are entitled to discounts on tickets from 7-day tickets and season tickets.
One child (between the ages of 4 and 15) can travel free of charge together with an adult travelling on an single ticket. Children under the age of four travel free of charge.
Groups of ten or more get a discount on single journeys.
A person accompanying a disabled person who can present a companion/escort card travels free of charge on single tickets. The companion/escort must present the companion/escort card to the driver when embarking or in the event of a ticket inspection. The companion/escort does not need a separate ticket.
If you are caught without a valid ticket or fare card, you will be kicked off the bus and get a stiff fine. Controls are common and performed by both uniformed and plain-clothes personnel.
Fare cards in the form of the electronic "Skysskort" can be obtained at the customer service desk by the bus station.
Regular bus services operate throughout the day, major trunk routes running through downtown run with a 20-minute frequency or better. In the suburbs, there are smaller lines, generally operating from a local terminal, with less frequent services. There are not so many buses between the city centre and the southern neighbourhoods of Fana and Ytrebygda, instead the light rail runs from the city centre to the regional terminals at Nesttun and Lagunen, where feeder buses bring passengers onwards.
Most lines operate seven days a week, including all holidays (usually a regular Sunday schedule with a few exceptions), but some of the lesser lines may have little or no service in the weekends. During the school vacation (mid-June to mid-August), buses are less frequent, so make sure you have an updated bus schedule. On Christmas Eve (December 24), there are no buses after about 16:00. On Constitution Day (May 17), the parades and celebrations shut down the downtown streets; though buses do run to and from downtown, they will generally not run through downtown on that day.
After about 01:00, regular bus services cease to run. In the weekends, there are a few night bus lines available.
The process of replacing old buses with newer ones accessible for people using wheelchairs is ongoing. All buses on central lines now have low floors and a built-in ramp. On the new buses, that are now a majority, the stops are announced on a display. The bus driver will usually be able to assist you in English, if required.
Light rail ("Bybanen") downtown terminal.
A light rail line operates in Bergen, with two lines as of 2022. Line 1 runs between the city centre and southwards towards Lagunen before turning west to the airport. This is the primary means of public transportation to southern parts of Bergen. The line passes the railway station, the bus station, Brann football stadium and the student homes at Fantoft along the route. The line operates from 06:00-01:00, seven days a week, generally with a 7- to 8-minute frequency (a bit more often during rush hours, 15-minute frequency on Saturday mornings, 30-minute frequency on Sunday mornings). The entire journey takes about 45 minutes.
Line 2 runs between the city centre and the borough of Fyllingsdalen, and replaces former bus services to the borough. The line passes the railway station, the bus station, the Haukeland university hospital and the main campus of the Western Norway University of Applied Sciences along the route, and operates in the same time span as Line 1. Excluding the stop at the railway station, Line 1 and 2 uses separate platforms at the city centre and bus station stops.
Night lines operate all Friday and Saturday night with departures every 30 minutes.
You will need to buy your ticket from the ticket machine at the station before you board. Apart from that, the ticket and fare card system is the same as for buses, see the Get around by bus section for more details. It's possible to change from bus to light rail and from light rail to bus within the time of validity of a ticket. Tickets for the night lines must be bought on board. Fare cards can not be used. The price is 60 kr.
The light rail is accessible with a wheelchair. All stops are announced and displays also show the name of the next stop.
Typical downtown streets where walking and cycling are the only transport options.
It is an expressed goal of both local and national authorities to reduce car traffic in the city centre. Downtown Bergen is cramped. Thus, the speed limit downtown is very low, and most streets are one-way streets. If you plan on getting from one part of downtown to another, walking is often faster than driving, even for locals who know their way around. Furthermore, parking in the streets is reserved for the handicapped and for residents that possess a special permit with only a very few exceptions. Street parking downtown and in most of Sandviken is generally not permitted except at parking meters.
If you plan to drive to the city centre from outside of it, unless you have any special needs, park your car in a garage, such as Bygarasjen (very large, at the bus station) and Klostergarasjen (in a tunnel under the centre, access from Nøstet, stairs/elevator to the main square), Bygarasjen being the cheaper. There are also several smaller (and more expensive) garages around town. If you take the chance to bring your car further downtown, be sure to read all signs – most streets are one-way streets and some are for buses and taxis only.
To park in a spot reserved for the disabled, you need a standard European "blue badge", a special parking permit (generally, handicapped parking permits from most countries will be accepted). It must be placed on the inside of your car's front window, clearly visible from the outside.
The municipal parking authorities provide a brochure with some information on the general rules of parking along with a map of parking spots, including parking spots for the disabled.
Driving in the area outside the city centre is quite convenient, with expressways going in most directions. The roads are well sign-posted, but a map will probably come in handy anyway. Mind the speed limits; traffic controls are common and fines are stiff. Do also keep in mind that a lot of the roads are toll roads. All toll stations are automated. When approaching one, keep driving and do not slow down. A photograph of your license plates will be taken, and you will receive an invoice per mail. During rush hours (07:30-09:00 and 15:00-17:00) traffic is jammed many places, but it's nothing compared to larger cities in Europe.
Between 1 November and 31 March, the use of studded tires is legal. Within Bergen municipality, you have to pay a fee to use such tires. You can pay at automated payment stations on the main roads into Bergen (Norwegian: oblatautomat), Statoil gas stations or by visiting the municipal parking authorities in Bygarasjen or Vincens Lunges gate 3 (directly south of the railway station).
Taxis are generally expensive in Norway and outside the very centre distances in Bergen are long. In downtown Bergen most stretches are walkable for the average visitor, although taxi can be useful in case of rain or heavy luggage. Throughout Bergen, there are a number of taxi stalls where taxis are parked waiting for customers. During the day, taxis will usually not pick up customers nearer than 300 metres from the stalls, except when called to an address. During the night in the weekends, taxi queues can be very long (up to one hour), and all customers are therefore required to go to the stalls. It is possible to order taxis to addresses also at this time of the week, but you shouldn't really expect the taxi to arrive.
The places where the taxis are stationed changes from time to time because of renovation of the city streets, but usually you will find them at the bus station, the railway station, Festplassen, Ole Bulls plass, Torget and in Torggaten and Vetrlidsalmenningen. Look for signs saying "Taxi". Some taxi stalls are only open during the night, and vice versa. Information about this is printed on a separate sign below the taxi sign. If no taxis are available at the taxi stall, call 07000 (Bergen Taxi), 08000 (Norgestaxi), +47 55 70 00 00 (Taxi 1) or +47 55 70 80 90 (Bryggen Taxi). There is usually a fee associated with calling a taxi. Taxis may also be ordered in advance by calling one of these numbers, which is recommended if you are able to.
Fares are approximately the same regardless of the taxi company. All companies are regarded as reliable and safe. If several taxis are available at a taxi station, you may pick the one you want from the line.
It can be added that taxi drivers rarely expect or receive any tip.
Norgestaxi. Smartphone app offers address based routing and calculates price according to them. (updated Aug 2020)
Jip. Smartphone app offers address based routing and calculates price according to them. (updated Feb 2021)
Yango. Yango is a Russian company which offers cheap fares. (updated Nov 2021)
There is one local commuter train service, between downtown Bergen and the suburb of Arna in the east (schedules are available from Vy's web site). If you are going to Arna, the train is by far the fastest option from downtown since the roads run around the mountains while the railway line runs straight through them; it is an eight minute train ride, running every half hour during most of the day. Tickets should be purchased beforehand, either in the office at the downtown station, in the machines both downtown and in Arna, or online in the app.
Getting around by bike can be difficult in Bergen. Many central streets are paved with cobblestone, and there are only a few roads with designated cycling lanes. Cycling in such lanes can even be challenging, as car and bus traffic may cross the lane. It is however legal to cycle on the sidewalks as long as you do not disturb pedestrians. Front and rear lights are mandatory after dark. Bicycle theft and vandalism is common, so be careful where you leave your bike and always use a lock.
There is a city bike rental service. For kr 69, you will get unlimited rides of up to 60 minutes for 24 hours. Since 2020, various companies rent out e-scooters, which have been begrudgingly accepted by most inhabitants. Prices vary, but are generally a little more expensive than the city bikes.
Goats enjoying the view from Mt Fløyen.
There's a number of attractions in Bergen and the surrounding areas. Surveys do, however, show that most tourists in Bergen find the atmosphere, cultural landscape and architecture more compelling than the typical sights, so pick a few things to see and spend the rest of your time in Bergen sitting down in a park or café, strolling around the city, enjoying a concert or hiking the mountains. On sunny summer days, stay downtown until late to enjoy the sunset in the north.
Because of its rugged landscape, Bergen has an abundance of panorama points and these give an intense feeling of space, notably Mt Fløyen and Mt Ulriken; these mountains are served by funicular and cable car, respectively, but are also available hiking for the sporty. At lower altitudes the Fjellveien panorama road and the highest point of Nordnes peninsula are easily available. Sandviksbatteriet just above Sandviken hospital also offers excellent panorama. The Montana residential area at the foot of Mt. Ulriken likewise gives a nice outlook.
Fjellveien panorama road, Fjellveien (Uphill from city centre). Runs for several kilometers between Sandviken and Bellevue, largely horizontal and pedestrian.
Skansen panorama point (Skansen brannstasjon), Blekeveien (Uphill from funicular station). Excellent and easily available panorama point just above the funicular lowest station. Right in front of the old fire outlook, a small white wooden tower, now used by one of the city's buekorps.
Tippetue panorama point (Hike uphill from city, or downhill from Mt. Fløyen.). 24 hr. Panorama point on the Tippetue footpath to Mt. Fløyen. Free.
Nordnes panorama, Haugeveien. Lovely place on the highest point of Nordnes peninsula, towards the aquarium.
Nordnes park (Tip of Nordnes peninsula, beyond aquarium). 24 hr. Pleasant park at the very tip of the peninsula, towards the sun set late summer evenings.
St Johns (Johanneskirken), Sydnesplass. St. John's Church (Johanneskirken) dominates the top of Nygårdshøyden, the hill that hosts the University of Bergen. Nice view of the very centre.
McDonalds in a traditional Bergen house downtown
Traditional small wooden houses, often placed in an irregular pattern around narrow streets and passages, were a staple of most Norwegian cities during the past centuries. Bergen is one of the few major towns where this traditional style still dominates several neighbourhoods downtown. A number of houses have also been relocated to Gamle Bergen (old Bergen) museum. Some of these are merely pockets of cute little houses between stone and concrete structures; others are wider areas of these dollhouse-like buildings. Show respect for those living there while you walk by. These areas are best seen on a relaxed stroll (although the view from Fjellveien gives a birds eye view):
Nordnes on the slopes on both sides of the Nordnes peninsula, towards the aquarium and Verftet, as well as the adjacent Nøstet area on the western shore.
Fjellsiden neighbourhood, øvregaten, Lille øvregate, øvre Blekeveien (streets). Traditional neighbourhood on the steep slopes behind Bryggen and around Fløibanen track. Free.
Marken, Marken (street). On the flatland just north of the railway station, pedestrian zone, and also in the hills above, around Skivebakken street. Free.
Ladegården and upper Sandviken neighbourhood, Ladegårdsgaten, Absalon Beyers gate. An area with more regular and wider streets, highly characteristic style. Free.
Skuteviken neighbourhood, Skuteviksveien. day time. A small traditional neighbourhood around a small bay just east of the fortress. Free.
Sandviken neighbourhood, Sandvikstorget/Sandviksveien. In Lower Sandviken near the small market square, there is a nice collection of traditional white wooden houses. Free.
St. Mary's church (Mariakirken) twin towers has been on the Bergen skyline for 900 years.
KODE Art museums (Kunstmuseene), Rasmus Meyers allé 3, 7 and 9 (by Lille Lungegårdsvann), ☏ +47 55 56 80 00, fax: +47 55 56 80 11, post@kodebergen.no. 20 May–14 Sept: daily 11:00–17:00. 15 Sep–19 May: Tu–Su 11:00–16:00, Sa Su 11:00-17:00. One of the largest art museums in the Nordic countries, with art from the renaissance as well as contemporary art. The museum houses several of Edvard Munch's works. Adult kr 130, student kr 60, child under 18 free. (updated Apr 2019)
The fish market (Fisketorget), Torget, ☏ +47 55 55 20 00, post@torgetibergen.no. Jun–Aug: daily 07:00–19:00, Sep–May: M–Sa 07:00–16:00. Bergen's outdoor fish market has a long history, being the historical centre for fish trade. Most tourists find their way here, but with locals changing their shopping habits, the fish market today does not compare to what it once was. The fish market is dominated by makeshift souvenir shops and seafood stalls. The seafood is generally of only OK quality as the fishermen no longer deliver their catch directly to the market. Still, you can get a pretty good idea of what the locals eat by having a look at the various fish they sell here, and try some of the stranger ones, if you feel adventurous. Free samples of are usually available of the more common items such as whale, salmon and salmon caviar. Although somewhat crowded, getting around with a wheelchair is fairly easy.
Fløibanen, Vetrlidsalmenning 21, ☏ +47 55 33 68 00, info@floibanen.no. M–F 07:30–23:00, Sa Su 08:00–23:00. Fløibanen is a funicular which goes up Fløyen, a plateau in the mountain massif north-east of the city centre. From here, you get a great view of the city. Accessing Fløibanen and the plateau on Fløyen with a wheelchair is a piece of cake. It has become the attraction that the most tourists are content with. Expect queues, but don't worry, they move fast. There are no steps where lifts are not available without assistance, and all doors are wide. Adult: single kr 60, return kr 120.
The West Norway Museum of Decorative Art (Permanenten), Nordahl Bruns gate 9 (by the music pavilion), ☏ +47 55 33 66 33, fax: +47 55 33 66 30, post@vk.museum.no. Tu-Su 12:00-16:00; 15 May–14 Sep: daily 11:00-17:00. A museum of design and decorative art. Norway's largest collection of Chinese art. Kr 60; students and seniors kr 40, children under 16 free.
St. Jørgen's Hospital (The Leprosy Museum), Kong Oscars gate 59, ☏ +47 55 55 20 00, lepra@lepra.no. 21 May–2 Sep: Daily 11:00-15:00. St. Jørgens Hospital is one of very few preserved leprosy hospitals from the 18th century in Northern Europe. The large wooden building in Kalfarveien 31 (Pleiestiftelsen for spedalske) was the largest institution caring for the many leprosy patients in Bergen. This was where Armauer Hansen discovered the bacteria that causes leprosy in 1873. Hansen's discovery was a major breakthrough in medicine as he proved that a chronic illness was contagious rather than hereditary. The Leprosy archive was a complete record of all patients and is assumed to be the first patient archive in the world. The Leprosy archive is inscribed on UNESCO list of Memory of the World. The Leprosy Museum tells the story about the disease and its history in Norway, in addition to showing life at the hospital. A visit to the museum is a unique but disturbing experience. The complex in Kong Oscars gate 59 also includes a wooden church. Kr 40; children kr 20.
Bergen Aquarium (Akvariet i Bergen), Nordnesbakken 4 (indoor parking available, but usually full in the summer season; walk for 20 minutes from the city centre or use bus line 11), ☏ +47 55 55 71 71, post@akvariet.no. Daily 10:00–18:00. The aquarium has a nice selection of aquatic life, especially penguins and seals. Typical Norwegian aquatic life is well documented, and there is also a collection of tropical fish and animals and a shark tank with an underwater glass tunnel. Fun for kids. Adult kr 250, child kr 150.
Statsraad Lehmkuhl, usually at Bergen harbor shed 7 – Bradbenken 2 (at the end of Bryggen, across the street from Bergenhus fort), ☏ +47 55 30 17 00, fax: +47 55 30 17 01. A three-masted barque sail training vessel built in 1914, one of the best kept in its kind. Mini cruises (approximately five and a half hours) available a few times a year, at the cost of kr 425 including food. Tickets should be bought well in advance. For the more adventurous up to week-long cruises to Europe are available where you live and work as a sailor.
St. Mary's Church (Mariakirken), Dreggsalmenningen 15 (behind Bryggen), ☏ +47 55 59 32 70, fax: +47 55 59 32 89, bergen.domkirke.menighet@bkf.no. The oldest remaining building in Bergen, St. Mary's Church was built in the 12th century, presumably around 1150. It is the best preserved of the city's three medieval churches and one of the few basilica-shaped churches in Norway. It was built in the Romanesque style, then enlarged in Gothic style. Having belonged to the German community in Bergen for many centuries, it contains a unique pulpit, one of Norway's most beautiful altarpieces and characteristic twin towers. Possibly planned to be city's main church at the time before the dominance of the German merchants.
The National Theatre (Den Nationale Scene), Ole Bull's plass (centre). The main theatre is a monumental Art Nouveau building in a prominent position on Ole Bull's square. As an institution the theatre played a key role. Ole Bull, a major international star on the violin, established the theater and employed the young Henrik Ibsen as instructor. Later Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson, another national icon, worked there. Ole Bull also discovered the young music talent Edvard Grieg. This theatre made Norwegian, rather than Danish, into the standard language on stage, and it was long the #1 stage in Norway. (updated Oct 2015)
Svaneapoteket. Svaneapoteket is a pharmacy in Strandgaten number 4. The pharmacy has been in continuous operation since 1595, on this location at least since 1688, and is the oldest pharmacy in Norway. The devastating fire of 1916 destroyed buildings in this area and the current pharmacy building was constructed after 1916. A swan marks the entrance, hence the name "The Swan pharmacy". (updated May 2020)
Bergenhus fortress (Bergenhus), Bergenhus (past bryggen), ☏ +47 55 54 63 87. 06:30-23:00. Once the seat of the king, Bergenhus fortress is one of the oldest and best preserved forts of Norway. The oldest surviving buildings are from the mid 13'th century, but the area was a royal residence from the late 11'th century. The fortress is situated close to the international ferry terminal. The royal hall, Håkonshallen, (Håkon's Hall), named for King Håkon Håkonsson, was built some time between 1247 and 1261. It is used today for royal galas, as a banqueting hall for the city council, and other public events. The roof is reconstructed after a blast during World War II. The nearby Rosenkrantz tower has the same appearance as it had in the 16th century. The oldest part of the tower dates back to the 1270s, a few decades after Håkonshallen. It was expanded in the 1560s by the governor, Erik Rosenkrantz, to its present shape. The rest of the medieval buildings in the fortress have been replaced or demolished over the centuries, with some ruins still visible. Among these is the medieval cathedral, the Church of Christ, which was used for coronation and as a royal burial site in the 13th century. A memorial marks the site of the high altar. Guided tours of the royal hall and the tower start every hour between 10:00 and 16:00 every day from 15 May to 31 Aug in the royal hall. From 1 Sept to 14 May tours are only available between noon and 15:00 on Sundays. Entrance fee is kr. 40 for adults, 20 for students and free for children under 16. A small cafeteria with coffee, tea and basic snacks is open from June to August. The fortress grounds serve as a city park; you can hang out here and eat that fish you just bought at the nearby fish market - or just enjoy the sunshine and the view. The park is popular among locals and tourists, but usually not crowded. It is normally not a problem to find a good spot for your picnic or a round of Frisbee. There is a very good view of the bay. The use of open fire, including barbecues, and the drinking of alcoholic beverages are forbidden. Unlike in many other parks, the prohibition of alcohol is enforced strictly here, as the fort is still a military area with occasional military guards on patrol.
Bryggen, Bryggen (north side of the bay). Between 1350 and 1750, this area used to be a Hansa dock, trading and processing area. The wooden houses at Bryggen today were built after the devastating city fire of 1702, but are probably very similar to the buildings that were there before. Despite neglect and fires (Norwegian cities had a habit of burning down because everything is made of wood), a considerable number of buildings have survived and are now listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. If you enter some of the alleyways between the storefronts, you really get a feel of what Bergen must have been like in the Middle Ages. There are a few museums on the history of Bergen and of Bryggen, but the most interesting aspect is probably that almost all of the buildings are still in use. One example is the restaurant Bryggen Tracteursted, serving food and drinks in a building first opened for this purpose in 1708. Wandering about on Bryggen is possible with a wheelchair, but getting in and out of buildings can be very difficult.
Bryggens Museum, Dreggsalmenningen 3 (by St. Mary's church and Radisson SAS Royal Hotel), ☏ +47 55 58 80 10, bryggens.museum@bymuseet.no. 1 Sept-14 May: M-F 11:00-15:00, Sa 12:00-15:00, Su 12:00-16:00; 15 May-31 Aug: daily 10:00-16:00. After the fire in 1955, when a lot of Bryggen burnt down, remains of the first settlement on Bryggen were discovered. The museum is built over these up to 900-year-old wooden building foundations, giving a unique insight in Bergen's architectural history. It contains the world's largest collection of medieval runic inscriptions, mostly inscribed on wooden items, but only a small number of these are on display. It also hosts themed exhibitions. If you are not a student, and would like to also visit the Hanseatic museum, it is cheaper to buy a ticket for the guided tour (and skip it if you want). adults kr. 80, students kr. 40, children (under 16) free, guided tour (includes ticket to Hanseatic Museum) kr. 120.
The Hanseatic Museum and Schøtstuene, Finnegårdsgaten 1 A and Øvregaten 50 (museum: the first building on Bryggen when walking from the fish market, Schøtstuene: the street behind Bryggen, a little bit towards Bergenhus from the Hanseatic Museum), ☏ +47 55 54 46 90, fax: +47 55 54 46 99, hanseatisk@museumvest.no. The Hanseatic Museum: 15 May–15 Sep: daily 09:00-17:00. 16 Sep–14 May: Tu–Sa 11:00-14:00, Su 11:00-18:00. Schøtstuene: 15 May–15 Sep: daily 10:00-17:00. 16 Sep–14 May: Su 11:00–14:00. The Hanseatic Museum and Schøtstuene are the only places on Bryggen where the original interior is preserved or restored. A tour of The Hanseatic Museum gives you a good introduction to the Hanseatic Bergen and the Hansa life, as you walk around an authentic Hanseatic merchant's house from the early 1700s. The building was in use until the late 19th century, when it was converted into a museum. In Schøtstuene, buildings from other parts of Bryggen are rebuilt to show where people ate, celebrated and held meetings. Neither the museum nor Schøtstuene is accessible for those using a wheelchair. Adult kr 70, students kr 50, child free. Ticket is valid at the Hanseatic Museum and Schøtstuene for one day.
Theta museum, Bredsgården 1 D (entrance from the front of Bryggen, by Enhjørningsgården), ☏ +47 55 31 53 93. Tu Sa Su 14:00-16:00. During the first half of World War II, the Theta group, formed by people between the ages of 19 and 22, established radio contact with London and reported movements of the German fleet in Norway. The group headquarters and radio station was located in the heart of occupied Bergen, but remained active for two years before it was discovered and raided by the Nazis. In the 1980s, the small room was reconstructed to its original state by orders of the Directorate of Cultural Heritage. It is now probably the country's smallest museum, displaying radio equipment and the Theta group's own security system. Not accessible with a wheelchair. Kr 20; child kr 5.
Nygårdshøyden and Møhlenpris (southern downtown)
The museum garden at Bergen Museum
Bergen Museum – The Cultural History Collections (Kulturhistorisk museum), Haakon Sheteligs plass 10, ☏ +47 55 58 31 40, post@bm.uib.no. Tu–F 10:00–15:00, Sa Su 11:00-16:00; 1 Jun–31 Aug: Tu–F 10:00–16:00, Sa Su 11:00-16:00. Bergen Museum is a part of the University of Bergen, and is in the heart of campus. It is divided in two collections, the Cultural History Collections and the Natural History Collections, located in two buildings. The Cultural History Collections include archeology, anthropology and art- and culture studies sections. Among other things, the museum has a large collection of Norwegian folk art and national costumes. It is notable for its unique exhibition of Norwegian medieval church art, including painted altarpieces, crucifixes and portals from demolished stave churches, all in wood. Kr. 40; senior citizens: kr. 20, children under 16, students and University of Bergen staff: free. Ticket is also valid at the Natural History Collections.
Bergen Museum – The Natural History Collections (Naturhistorisk museum), Muséplass 3, ☏ +47 55 58 29 20, post@bm.uib.no. Closed for renovation. The Natural History Collections include botany, geology and zoology. The zoology exhibitions is preserved more or less as they were when they were put up almost a hundred years ago. Enormous whale skeletons suspended from the ceiling in the exhibition halls are visible through the windows from the outside. The geology exhibition is modern and varied and contains samples from most parts of the world, in addition to a nice local collection. Around the museum is a garden which is at its finest in spring and summer. There is also a green house where you can enjoy tropical plants. Kr. 40. Senior citizens: kr. 20, children under 16, students: free. Ticket is also valid at the Cultural History Collections. Access to the garden and the green house is free of charge.
Vilvite (Bergen Science Centre), Thormøhlensgate 51, ☏ +47 55 59 45 00, post@vilvite.no. Tu-F 09:00-16:00, Sa Su 11:00-18:00. Sponsored by the state and the city in addition to some of the largest industrial companies in Norway, this all new science centre features interactive exhibitions of science, technology and mathematics. It targets children and young people with the intention to inspire the to learning more about science, but is popular also among the adults. It has special exhibitions about the weather, the ocean and energy, with altogether 75 different interactive machines and experiments. Kr. 120; children (3-15 years): kr. 80, families (2 adults and 2 children): kr. 330 (kr. 65 per extra child), students (high school and above): kr. 80.
Bergen Maritime Museum (Bergens Sjøfartsmuseum), Haakon Sheteligsplass 15, ☏ +47 55 54 96 00, fax: +47 5 554-9610, bergens.sjofartsmuseum@bsj.uib.no. Daily 11:00-15:00, closed on holidays, Christmas eve, new year's eve and the 17th of May. This traditional maritime museum is in the middle of the campus of the University of Bergen. Exhibitions of maritime history, shipping history, the Vikings, naval warfare, maritime archeology, and more. kr 30; children and students free.
Nygårdsparken. Always open. This is a very nicely landscaped park laid out in the late 1800s in English style. The park is a popular picnic place for families, and in the summer there's always several groups of students and young people having barbeques. You are very welcome to step on the grass and it's a nice place to play frisbee, kubb or croquet. If you want to save a few kroner on food and drink stop by a local grocery store to pick up some ingredients to a picnic, bring along a blanket and a few beers and spend a cheap and relaxing afternoon in this park. It's highly unlikely that the police will bother you for drinking in public in this park as long as you behave. It's also one of the places where it's rather easy to get in contact with the locals. There's no public toilet here, but pop over the road to Vilvite and use their facilities for free. The upper part of the park is now rejuvenated, with a nice play area for children, occasional outdoor exhibitions and – some weekends – a café with restroom in the new Pavillion. Free.
Fantoft Stave Church (Fantoft stavkirke), Fantoftveien 46 (about 6 km ( mi) from the city centre, bus line 2 from the front side of the exhibition shopping centre, or light rail ("Bybanen"). Get off at the Fantoft stop and walk.), ☏ +47 55 28 07 10. Stave churches are built in a distinctive style using the logs of trees as pillars, by the early Christians. This is a reconstruction of a church that was built in Fortun, by the Sognefjord, around 1150. On 6 Jun 1992, the church was totally destroyed by arson, but a perfect copy has since been constructed. The inside of the stave church has no wall paintings and the altar is quite austere. If you have seen the stave church in the Norsk Folkemuseum in Oslo, then save yourself a few kroners and skip this one.
Gamlehaugen, Gamlehaugveien 10 (about 10 minutes by car from the city centre, southbound bus lines 525, 60 over Fjøsanger, 20–24, 26, 560 and 620–630 from the bus station), ☏ +47 55 92 51 20, +47 55 11 29 00 (reserve tickets), fax: +47 55 92 51 33, post@gamlehaugen.no. Villa open for guided tours only. Guided tours Tu-Su at 12:00, 13:00 and 14:00 in Jun-Aug. Tour at 12:00 will be given in English if necessary, other tours will be given in Norwegian only. The villa at Gamlehaugen, built to resemble a castle, was the home of Christian Michelsen, former prime minister who helped free Norway from Swedish rule through the peaceful dissolution of the union in 1905. Nowadays, the villa is the royal family's residence in Bergen. There is a large and very popular park around the villa. Bathing possibilities. Tour tickets kr. 50; children kr. 25. Access to the park is free for all.
Siljustøl Museum, Siljustølveien 50 (about 20 minutes by car from the city centre, southbound bus lines 23 and 26 from the bus station), ☏ +47 55 92 29 92, fax: +47 55 92 29 93. Museum open 24 Jun-23 Sep: Su 12:00-16:00. The home of the composer Harald Sæverud, famous for late romantic and neo-classicist works now houses a museum with occasional concerts. The somewhat mystic park around the house is open for the public. Museum admittance: Kr. 50; students: kr. 20, children: free.
Troldhaugen (Edvard Grieg's villa), Troldhaugveien 65 (about 15 minutes by car from the city centre, Light Rail from city centre to Hop), ☏ +47 55 92 29 92, info@troldhaugen.com. May-Sep: daily 09:00-18:00; Oct-Dec: daily 10:00-16:00; 23 Dec-1 Jan: closed; 2 Jan-Apr: Daily 10:00-16:00. This is the house of the famous composer Edvard Grieg, who wrote the Peer Gynt suite and the Piano Concerto in A Minor and is Norway's national composer. His country house (just outside the town centre of Bergen) has been preserved in the state it was in when he died in 1907. You can also see his grave; he was buried on his own estate. There is a museum devoted to Grieg and his work, and a concert hall with daily concerts from 1 May - 11 Oct. Kr. 130, students: kr. 65, children under 18: free. (updated Dec 2019)
Ulriksbanen, Ulriken 1 (southbound bus lines 2, 31 and 50 from the front side of the Xhibition shopping centre to Haukeland hospital). Cable car to the top of Mt. Ulriken, the highest of the mountains surrounding the city. There is a restaurant at the top.
Gamle Bergen (Old Bergen), Nyhavnsveien 4 (half an hour by walking; a few minutes by bus or car from the city centre, northbound bus lines 9, 20-29, 50, 71, 80, 90, 280, 285), ☏ +47 55 39 43 00, gamle.bergen@bymuseet.no. A reconstructed town with about 50 wooden houses from the 18th, 19th and early 20th centuries. It is a beautiful place to stroll on a sunny day. The more cultural traveller will enjoy a guided tour of the area and the houses. kr 50; students: kr 30, pensioners: kr 30, children: free.
The Norwegian Knitting Industry Museum (Norsk Trikotasjemuseum), Salhusvegen 201 (by car, drive north on the motorway E39/E16 until Åsane senter. when you're off the motorway, drive west and later north-west on RV 564. eventually, the signs should start pointing to Salhus. by bus, take northbound line 280), ☏ +47 55 25 10 80, fax: +47 55 25 10 99. Tu-Su 11:00-16:00 (June 1 - August 31); Tu-F 11:00-15:00 and Su 12:00-16:00 (September 1 - May 31). Located in the buildings that used to house the first fully mechanized knitwear factory in Norway. The machinery is still in working condition and is used. Guided tour, exhibitions and film. students: kr. 25, children: free.
Alvøen (12 km west of the city centre by road; follow the signs towards Sotra, and then to Alvøen a while after the end of the dual-lane carriageway, westbound bus line 42), ☏ +47 55 58 80 10, alvoen.hovedbygning@bymuseet.no. An old and picturesque former industrial community on the west coast of the Bergen peninsula. The manor building at Alvøen has been converted into a museum with several exhibitions. for entrance to the main building: kr 50; students: kr. 25, children: free.
Damsgård Hovedgård (Damsgård Manor), Alléen 29 (just across the fjord south-west of the city centre, walk or drive across the Puddefjord bridge, then turn right and keep going for a kilometer, the manor is visible from the road on your left hand side), ☏ +47 55 94 08 70, damsgard.hovedgard@bymuseet.no. This 18th-century manor is the most splendid of the many country retreats built by Bergen's aristocracy in the past centuries. The roccoco main building is surrounded by several beautiful gardens. kr 50; students: kr 25, children: free.
Bergen Jazzforum, Georgernes verft 12, ☏ +47 55 30 72 50, fax: +47 55 30 72 60, jazz@bergenjazzforum.no. Concerts every Friday except in the summer and during the Christmas holidays. Jazz club with focus on modern jazz. Norwegian Jazz Club Of The Year 2008.
Bergen Live. Producing most of the larger pop, rock and hiphop concerts in Bergen.
Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra (Harmonien), Grieghallen, Edvard Griegs plass 1. Classical concerts every Thursday evening at 19:30. The Bergen philharmonic is one of two national orchestras and was established in 1765. It is regarded as one of the oldest orchestras in the world.The program is varied, but the repertoire is usually quite easy listening. The orchestra plays of course a lot of Edvard Grieg's works.
Det Akademiske Kvarter, Olav Kyrresgate 49, kontakt@kvarteret.no. Popular student venue, usually hosting concerts several times a week except during holidays and the summer.
BIT Teatergarasjen, Nøstegaten 54, ☏ +47 55 23 22 35, info@bit-teatergarasjen.no. BIT (Bergen International Theater) presents Norwegian and international contemporary stage art productions of high quality.
Den Nationale Scene, Engen 1, ☏ +47 55 54 97 00, dns@dns.no. The national theater in Bergen. In a beautifully restored building, the theater presents a variety of plays on three different stages, from traditional Ibsen to contemporary plays. The largest stage (Store scene) is where most mainstream plays are played, while the two smaller stages features more alternative plays, often the most interesting ones. The plays are in Norwegian.
Bergen Nasjonale Opera (Den nye Opera), ☏ +47 55 21 61 20, info@nyop.no. Although Bergen does not have its own opera house, it does have its own opera company. Den Nye Opera (The New Opera) usually put on a few productions throughout the year. Summer performances are often at the Bergenhus Fortress while other productions are performed at Den Nationale Scene or at Grieghallen. Tickets are available online. Tickets usually range from kr. 200 to kr. 550 depending on seating and availability. Bergen does not attract the top performers, and the quality may vary a bit, usually anywhere between superb and a bit below average.
Hanging out by the ocean can be one of the best ways to spend a hot summer day in Bergen, although Bergen is hardly a sun and sand destination. The temperature in the ocean around Bergen is warmer than most places on the west coast because of the outer islands protecting the area from the constant flow of cooler water from the North Sea, and allowing the water to heat in smaller bays in the area. Temperatures can rise to 20 °C (68 °F) after consecutive days with good weather. The water is clean and fresh. There are sandy beaches at Arboretet at Milde (Hjellestad), Kyrkjetangen at Nordåsvannet and Helleneset, "bathing houses"/beaches at Nordnesparken and Elsero situated in Old Bergen in Sandviken. After a day hiking in the mountains, Skomakerdiket above Mount Fløyen has a sandy fresh-water beach.
Nye Sydnes Sjøbad, Nøstegaten (close to the Hurtigruten terminal, just beside the Nøsteboden pub). Public seawater "pool". Free.
Nordnes outdoor pool (Nordnes sjøbad), approach through Haugeveien (Nordnes park near Aquarium). M-F 07:00 - 19:00, Sa Su 07:00 – 14:00 (flexible in good weather). Outdoor swimming pool 25 m, heated saltwater taken from the fjord Adult kr 65, child kr 30.
Ulriken summit with the tower is a key landmarkLocals refer to de syv fjell (the seven mountains) when they talk about the mountains surrounding the city. But there's no agreement on which mountains these seven really are, as there are in fact at least nine mountains and peaks in the area. Most people do however agree that Fløyen, Ulriken, Løvstakken and Damsgårdsfjellet are among the seven, plus three out of Sandviksfjellet, Blåmanen, Rundemanen, Lyderhorn and Askøyfjellet. As locals are known to have strong opinions on most subjects, the question of which mountains to include has been up for debate in local newspapers since the morning of time. The reason for the controversy is probably that the number seven is more of a roman-inspired gimmick, and that it is impossible to distinguish some of the mountain tops from each other when in the city centre, as many of them are part of the same massif.
The mountains surrounding Bergen offer great hiking possibilities, and unlike most cities the first hiking trail starts downtown and there's no need for transport out of town. There are options for anyone from those just looking for a fifteen-minute stroll in the sun to the more adventurous interested in daytrips and steep hills. Byfjellene (lit. "the city mountains") have good networks of dirtroads and paths, usually well signposted. Good maps are available in most bookstores – look for Tur- og friluftskart Bergen (1:25 000) from the Norwegian Mapping and Cadastre Authority (Norwegian: Statens kartverk).
For advice on hiking, as well as hiking opportunities elsewhere in Norway, you should consult Bergen Turlagdead link (Bergen Hiking Association), the local branch of Den Norske Turistforeningdead link (Norwegian Trekking Association), in Tverrgaten 4-6. The Norwegian right to access entitles you to hike in all uncultivated areas.
Mount Fløyen is the most central of the mountains. It is easily accessible by the funicular running from downtown, but the more fit will probably choose the 40-minute walk up. A good compromise can be to take the funicular up and walk down. The way is well signposted, so you won't get lost. In the steep slope towards Fløyen (right above the city) there is the popular Fjellveien, a long, gentle, horizontal pedestrian road with a perfect panorama of the city. From Fjellveien, there are several alternative roads to the plateau. The slopes of Mt. Fløyen is (surprisingly) home to Norway's biggest trees. Until the 19th century the hills and mountains of Bergen were largely barren and gray, then the society for forest and trees was established. The slopes were cultivated and the trees have since the late 1800's grown rapidly in the fertile climate. There is even a small sawmill at the road to Fløyen. There are spruce, oak, hazel, scots pine, aspen, sycamore (maple), beech and hackberry trees.
From the top of Mount Fløyen, the  km ( mi) walk in relatively flat terrain to Brushytten (lit. "the soda cabin") is ideal, if you have kids. Brushytten is a kiosk usually open on Sundays. There are several ways to get there, if you follow the signs, you're on the safe side and will walk on dirtroads all the way (easily accessible with both a wheelchair or a pram).
From Brushytten, you can walk up the hill to Mount Rundemanen and get a beautiful view. From Mount Rundemanen, a good choice for a not-so-long hike will be to walk to Mount Sandviksfjellet, and from there down to Sandviken, where you can get on a bus or walk back to the city centre. Another possibility is to cross the Vidden plateau and walk to Mount Ulriken, the highest mountain in Bergen, a hike which takes about five hours. You should be somewhat fit to take this trip, and also be prepared for bad weather. The trip across Vidden is among Norway's most popular hiking trips.
For both kids and adults, a popular activity on snowy days is to take the funicular to the top of Mount Fløyen and toboggan to the city centre.
Mt Fløyen and Mt Blaamanen on a crisp winter day
See also: Fjords of Norway
Veafjorden som 30 minutes from central Bergen.
Central Bergen itself is situated at a fjord and within the municipality of Bergen there are several other fjords. There are smaller fjords all around Bergen and numerous lakes inside Bergen itself. The closest classical fjord is Sørfjorden-Veafjorden between Arna and Stanghelle. The main road (E16) and railway line between Bergen and Voss runs along Veafjorden as well as Bolstadfjorden. There are frequent boat trips to some of the more scenic fjords from the city centre, for instance to Mostraumen. There are trips all year round, but many are only available in season, from May to September. The full day trip by to through Nærøyfjorden/Aurlandsfjorden combines train, boat and bus where also the overland transport by train and bus through the wild landscape is very rewarding. Nærøyfjorden and Aurlandsfjorden are branches of Sognefjorden, Norway's longest and deepest, and the second longest in the world. The great Hardangerfjorden, Norway's second largest, is accessible at Norheimsund about 1 ½ or 2 hours by car or bus from Bergen.
The islands, fjords and lakes surrounding Bergen provide excellent conditions for both saltwater and fresh-water fishing. Fishing from fresh water lakes usually requires a local rod permit, even permission from the land owner. Pay attention to signs marking lakes used for drinking water.
Coast and deep sea fishing is free and there is no need for any license. However, no more than 10 kg of fish fillets or fish products can be exported from Norway per person. If you have fished under the auspices of a registered tourist fishing camp, the export quota is a maximum of 20 kg, provided that the organized fishing can be documented. Note some important regulations concerning the minimum size of most fish. Consult the web site of The Norwegian Ministry of Fisheries and Coastal Affairsdead link for more information.
Fishing in the city centre (Bryggen, Vågen, Bontelabo, Dokken) is possible, but there are some concerns about traces of mercury in white fish fillet and liver. A new report may indicate that the situation is better than expected, but a good advice is to avoid fishing in Vågen, from old ship yards and the Åstveittangen and Eidsvågen areas.
A general, very cautious advice could be not to eat liver from fish caught in areas close to the city centre - and pregnant and breast feeding women should not eat this fish at all.
The buekorps (literally meaning archery brigade) is a tradition unique to Bergen. Formed by children and young people, these brigades have their roots back to the 19th century when kids imitated military troops performing closed order drill. The brigades parade the city streets with drummers, officers and privates carrying crossbows throughout spring, with Constitution Day being the high point. While not universally loved by the citizens, the buekorps certainly add to Bergen's unique character.
Bergenfest. Music festival from the end of April to start of May. A number of concerts in most rhythmic music genres (pop, rock, hip hop, blues, soul) all over town.
Bergen International Film Festival (BIFF), ☏ +47 55 30 08 40, fax: +47 55 30 08 41, biff@biff.no. BIFF is a week-long film festival held in October every year at Bergen kino (the Magnus Barfot multiplex cinema). Single ticket kr. 65. BIFF discount card: New card kr. 520 (card kr. 20, account kr. 500), account refill kr. 200, enables you to purchase tickets at kr. 40/50 for screenings starting before/after 15:00.
Constitution Day. On 17 May, every business in town, except restaurants downtown, is closed as the citizens dress up in their finest clothes and celebrate all day long. You will be stunned by the number of people in the streets – one can hardly move around – and by the beautiful national costumes every second person you meet will wear. This is the day people will look oddly on you if you wear anything less than a suit or dress. At 07:00, there is a twenty-one-gun salute from Skansen, half way up Mount Fløyen, as the morning parade starts from Dreggen. At 10:30, the main parade starts at Torgalmenningen, goes around town and ends up at Festplassen. The parade is formed by children and organizations such as sports teams, and only a very few military troops, unlike in many other countries. The level of patriotism can perhaps be a bit overwhelming for foreigners, but try to say gratulerer med dagen (literally "congratulations on the day") to anyone you meet, and you will probably get the same in response, even if you're not Norwegian at all.
16 May. The night before Constitution Day is the definite party night in Bergen.
Bergen International Festival (Festspillene). With about 160 events in two weeks from the end of May to start of June, Bergen International Festival is the largest festival of its kind in the Nordic countries. The festival presents literature, dance, theater and classical music. The latest years, focus has been on art from the Nordic countries.
Nattjazz. Nattjazz is a two-week-long jazz festival from the end of May to the start of June, the longest jazz festival in Northern Europe. All concerts take place at Verftet USF, a former sardine factory at Nøstet, with a capacity of over 4000 guests. With a day-pass, you get access to all concerts that night for a fair price. Usually, there are six or seven concerts every night, some simultaneously on the various stages. The festival's musical profile ranges from traditional jazz to world music. Some of the artists that previously has played on Nattjazz are Gotan Project, Ahmed Jamal, Jan Garbarek, Stan Getz, Art Blakey, Herbie Hancock, Van Morrison and James Brown.
Institutions of higher education in Bergen include the University of Bergen, The Norwegian School of Business and Economics, Bergen National Academy of the Arts and Bergen University College. The university is Norway's second largest and covers most areas of education, though the educations in law and in medicine are probably considered the best. The Norwegian School of Business and Economics is considered the best education within these fields in the country. All the aforementioned institutions are members of the Nordplus and Erasmus exchange programmes and offer courses in English.
Bergen has a number of shopping centres, and international chains are well represented. As prices are rather high in Norway, regular shopping is probably not the most interesting thing to do in Bergen, even if you get a VAT refund (see the Tax Free shopping section below). But if you know where to go, you can find rare and unique items, both traditional crafts and stuff made by local designers - and some other fun stuff. Keep in mind that with a very few exceptions, Bergen shuts down completely on Sundays and holidays.
Apollon, Nygårdsgaten 2 A, ☏ +47 55 31 59 43, fax: +47 55 31 58 08. Combined bar and music store, sells CDs, vinyls and band merchandise in addition to a decent selection of beers.
Blonder og stas, Bryggestredet (in the heart of Bryggen), ☏ +47 55 31 83 81. A small shop selling beautiful Norwegian handmade textiles, such as tablecloths and napkins.
Kjøttbasaren, Vetrlidsallmenningen 2 (between Torget and Fløibanen). M–W F 09:00-17:00, Th 09:00-19:00, Sa 09:00-15:00. This market hall built in 1877 was once the only one in its kind in Norway. Nowadays it houses Bergen's finest gourmet food stores, the most interesting for tourists being Havets Grøde and Sesong. Havets Grøde has a large selection of top quality seafood, with fresh deliveries every day. The quality is usually much better than at the fish market. Sesong offers the season's food directly from local farms and producers.
Norsk Flid Husfliden, Vågsallmenningen 3 (near the tourist office), ☏ +47 55 54 47 40, bergen@husfliden.no. Husfliden is a chain of stores throughout Norway with focus on traditional Norwegian crafts. The most interesting things for tourists found in these stores are traditional jewelry and tableware. Husfliden also sells beautiful national costumes (Norwegian: bunad).
Bryggen Husflid, Bryggen 37 (in one of the old houses at the charming wharf area Bryggen), ☏ +47 55 32 88 03. Handknitted pullovers, cardigans and accessories from the brand Norsk Håndstrikk. The sweaters are made by hand in Norway, knitted by Norwegian ladies in their homes. Rare and unique products. The shop also carry a great selection of other Norwegian made products, in addition to other souvenirs like trolls, soft toys etc. The prices are very good compared to other shops at Bryggen.
Ruben's skattkammer, Vetrlidsalmenning 5, ☏ +47 55 31 41 11, info@rubens.no. Unique, fun and stimulating toys for kids and adults.
Stormberg, Småstrandgaten 3 (Xhibition), ☏ +47 454 04 157, Stormberg-bergen@stormberg.no. Store for Norway's largest brand of outdoor wear.
Søstrene Hagelin (The Hagelin Sisters), Strandgaten 3 (By Torgalmenningen), ☏ +47 55 90 20 13. M-F 09:00-19:00, Sa 10:00-17:00. Søstrene Hagelin has been a tradition in Bergen since 1929. Famous for their traditional fiskekaker, fish-burger. There are some tables in the shop where you can eat the fish-burger, or their fish soup.
Tilsammans, Kong Oscars gate 26, ☏ +47 55 32 55 55, butikk@northernsoul.no. Trendy clothes.
T Michael, Skostredet 9 A, ☏ +47 55 55 80 37. Extremely stylish menswear.
Twisted, Nygårdsgaten 1 B, ☏ +47 55 96 01 87. Independent fashion store for men and women with brands such as IVANAHelsinki, Moods of Norway, Namso, GTP, Birna, Pernilla Svenre, Maria Weterlind, El Naturlista, William Rast, Gabba, Scotch&Soda, Minium, Insight, Pace and Pour.
ZUMM design, Holmedalsgården 1, ☏ +47 930 69 578, info@zummdesign.no. Sweet and handmade clothing for girls from 2–11 years of age.
Musikk Miljø, Håkonsgaten 24, ☏ +47 55 23 60 30. 09:00-16:30. Orchestral instruments and accessories, sheet music, and music related thingies. (updated Feb 2024)
VAT (value added tax/sales tax, Norwegian: mva. (merverdiavgift) or moms. (merverdiomsetningsavgift)) is 25% for most items in Norway. It is included in the retail price, which makes the VAT content 20% of the price you pay. As Norway is not a member of the European union, all foreign citizens (apart from those of Sweden, Denmark and Finland) are eligible for a refund of the VAT if the goods purchased are brought out of the country at the latest one month after the purchase. The prerequisites for such a refund is that the goods are not used or consumed, even in part, within Norway, and that you spend at least kr 315 in a store.
Look for stores with a Global Blue/tax free flag or sticker. You need only to ask the shop assistant for a global refund check, and provide documentation of your citizenship. When leaving Norway, go to a Global Blue refund office with the goods, the check and your passport, and you will receive up to 19% of the sales price in cash. In Bergen, the only Global Blue refund officedead link is at the airport, but there are also information desks on a couple of the ferries leaving from the city.
Unlike in many other countries, the customs authorities are not involved in the VAT refund process in Norway.
This page uses the following price ranges for a typical meal for one, including soft drink:
There is a great variety of restaurants and cafes in Bergen, but you should expect to spend some time looking for the best places. In the most central parts of the city, many of the restaurants are all the same. Move a block away from the most central parts of downtown to find lower prices and better food. Kitchens usually close at 23:00 at the latest.
Waiters and other restaurant staff have good wages. You are not required to leave any money to cover the service, but many people choose to tip the waiter if he or she has been helpful and nice, and if the food was good. If you choose to leave a tip, rounding up or adding about five to ten percent will be appreciated. A rule of thumb would be that the more expensive the food is, the more are you expected to leave a tip.
Keep in mind that tap water is safe to drink and (usually) free of charge. To save money, ask for tap water to drink.
Kjøttbasaren hosts the inexpensive Egon restaurant as well as high end Restaurant 1877 and a bar upstairs.
Finding local food might take some effort, but there are some options. There aren't that many local dishes available at restaurants. "Norwegian" food is the food of the husmann (cottager) – nutritious and cheap, not what you usually find in a restaurant. The Bergen fish soup might be the most important, as well as raspeballer and cooked cod. If you want to get that Norwegian taste and have a gourmet meal at the same time, look for dishes that use "local" ingredients (such as reindeer, stockfish and cod) with a twist, such as Bryggen Tracteursted's filet of reindeer farced with goat cheese.
Many cafe's and restaurants serve "raspeballer" on Thursdays. Raspeballer are local potato dumplings, in Bergen usually served with bacon, sausages, salted meat from sheep, melted butter and mashed rutabaga. You can get takeaway raspeballer at Kjøttbasaren (kr. 50), cheap ones at Lido, excellent ones at Pingvinen and Bjellands Kjøkken. You can get reasonable take-away fish soup, fish-balls, "plukkfisk" and fish-gratin at Madam Bergen.
In November, December and January, traditional Christmas food is served in many restaurants. Look for "pinnekjøtt" (cured, dried and sometimes smoked meat of lamb or mutton), "lutefisk" (lit. "lye fish", dried cod prepared with lye) and "ribbe" (oven-baked pork ribs). For a very special experience, try smalahove (sheep's head). It is a traditional dish from Voss not far from Bergen.
Pasta Sentral, Vestre Torggate 5-7, ☏ +47 55 96 00 37. M–Sa 11:00–23:00, Su 13:00–23:00. Cheap and decent pasta and pizza for students and budget travellers alike. Pasta Sentral has been an institution in Bergen since its opening in 1990. Provides take away as well. (updated May 2022)
Kafe Spesial, Christies gate 13. Value for money, particularly pizza. Wide selection of beer. Situated on the slope towards the university area so clientele is largely students. Basic service (order at the counter). (updated May 2022)
Bergen Kebab, Christian Michelsens gate 7, ☏ +47 55 23 00 17. M–W Su 11:00–00:00, Th–Sa 11:00–03:00. Though selling the cheapest kebabs in town, Bergen Kebab manages to maintain a decent level of service and quality. Serves an ok pizza as well. (updated May 2022)
Hot Wok City, Vestre Torggaten 1, ☏ +47 55 21 85 88. M–Sa 12:00–23:00, Su 14:00–23:00. Good-quality Chinese food freshly cooked in the open kitchen. Service is fast, and the prices are low. Popular, especially between 16:00 and 18:00. (updated May 2022)
Savanna Restaurant, Olav Kyrres gate 28. Nice East African cuisine. Delicious food with traditional bread to eat with your hands. Vegetarian options are offered. (updated May 2022)
Brød & Vin restaurant, Christies gate 13. Dimly lit restaurant and Asian inspired food. Quiet place and tasty dishes. (updated May 2022)
Søstrene Hagelin (Hagelin Sisters), Strandgaten 3. Canteen-style fish food restaurant. Traditional fishfood, as well as creative such as fishburger with taco. Eat there or take home. Right beside Torgallmenningen. (updated Jan 2023)
Trekroneren, Kong Oscars gate 1. Bergen's last standing hot dog stand, situated in an illegally erected shed since the 1940's. Large selection of both classic and more interesting sausage styles. Extremely popular; there's literally always a queue. (updated May 2022)
Bergen pizza, Kong Oscars gate 3. Both the pizza and the kebab are delicious. The pizzas are made in front of you, well garnished and heated in a large oven. (updated May 2022)
Zen Cafe Bar, Strømgaten 26 (close to the city centre, 200 m from the bus station), ☏ +47 55 32 14 38. A fantastic place to eat. The prices are cheap, and the food and service are excellent. Worth trying at least once. (updated May 2022)
Kroathai, Nygårdsgaten 29, ☏ +47 55 32 58 50. M–Sa 11:00–22:00, Su 13:00–22:00. The Thai equivalent of Hot Wok, although with slightly smaller portions. Service is usually fast, and the staff is friendly. Can often be full, so take-out can be a good plan B. There is also a Kroa Thai restaurant with the same menu in Åsane senter, a few miles outside of the town centre. Multiple options for vegetarians. Serves daily lunch for kr 105 (June 2016). (updated May 2022)
Fish soup as served at Bryggeloftet & Stuene
Pygmalion Økocafe, Nedre Korskirke Allmenning 4 (near the fishmarket and tourist information), ☏ +47 55 32 33 60. daily 09:00–23:00. Organic restaurant situated in the heart of Bergen. Featuring live concerts and art exhibitions. (updated Jan 2023)
Zupperia, Vaskerelven 12, ☏ +47 55 55 81 14. Soups and salads – tasty, cheap and big portions. Tu–Sa 11:00–00:00, Su 12:00–22:00. (updated Jan 2023)
Café Opera, Engen 18 (by the theater), ☏ +47 55 23 03 15. M Tu 10:00–00:30, W–F 10:00–03:30, Sa 11:00–03:30, Su 11:00–23:30. An institution on one of the best corners in Bergen. Great food for the money. This is a place with many regular customers. During the day they serve lunch and cakes. Early in the evening it is a place for dinner and beer. Late night is for dancing. (updated Jan 2023)
Ichiban, Håkonsgaten 17 (close to the university campus), ☏ +47 55 90 04 60. Fresh, tasty and fast sushi at the cheapest prices in town. Primarily take-away, but you can also eat in if you don't mind the complete lack of atmosphere. (updated Jan 2023)
Kafé Kippers, Georgernes verft 12 (Kulturhuset USF), ☏ +47 55 30 40 80. M–Th Su 11:00–23:00, F Sa 11:00–00:00. The café serves a variety of meals, from sandwiches to dinners. The view is extraordinary. If you are lucky enough to catch a sunny day, you can observe a range of activities that happens in the bay. Indoors the café has a quiet atmosphere. There are large panorama windows facing the water giving you a romantic view even on rainy days. In connection with the restaurant, there is a changing art exhibition. Accessible with a wheelchair. (updated Jan 2023)
Naboen Pub & Restaurant, Sigurds gate 4, ☏ +47 55 90 02 90. Open from 16:00 every day. An informal restaurant with two price ranges: You can get the best priced gourmet food in town, or you can go for the cheaper "Swedish" menu. Regardless of what you choose, the food is prepared from first class local ingredients, and you get to enjoy the freshly baked bread and white table cloths. One of the best restaurants in town. For dinnertime dining you need a reservation. If you don't have reservations, try the rather crowded pub downstairs - they serve the "Swedish" menu there too. Offered are main courses from the Swedish menu and from the gourmet menu. (updated Jan 2023)
Pingvinen, Vaskerelven 14. A very nice, but usually crowded bar where you can also get a good portion of Norwegian food. Recommended by Time. Food available throughout opening hours. One of very few venues where genuine Norwegian homecooking – and large bowls of popcorn – are available. (updated Jan 2023)
Bryggen Tracteursted, Bryggestredet 2 (in the middle of Bryggen, towards the rear side), ☏ +47 55 33 69 99, booking@bellevue-restauranter.no. Bryggen Tracteursted offers a modern kitchen inspired by Hanseatic and local traditions, served in historic surroundings. A hidden treasure with its somewhat anonymous appearance. The restaurant can in principle fit up to about 200 guests, but the kitchen is very small, and expansion is not allowed by the cultural heritage authorities. This forces the restaurant to accept a relatively low number of patrons at a time – giving a peaceful atmosphere. A reservation is recommended. (updated Jan 2023)
Enhjørningen (The Unicorn Fish Restaurant), Enhjørningsgården 29, ☏ +47 55 32 17 19, info@enhjorningen.no. Daily 16:00-23:00. Bergen's most traditional – and expensive – fish restaurant. Located in a building restored to its 18th century appearance, Enhjørningen is well reputed for its excellent food, served in classical manners. A reservation is required. Ask for a window table if possible, as you will have a beautiful view of Bergen harbor. Main courses kr 280-385.
There is a great variety of bars, night clubs, concert venues etc. in Bergen. Night clubs are usually open from 23:00, but life never starts before 01:00. Bars opens at different hours, some can be open all day. No places are allowed to serve alcohol after 03:00, and the consumption of alcoholic beverages must cease at 03:30 at the latest. Many places are required to close earlier. The establishments are only allowed to let people bring their drinks outside if they have been granted a special permit. A requirement to get this permit is that they have a confined space outdoors for their guests. All drinks must be indoors by 01:00. People go out all week, but Fridays and Saturdays are the best nights, Saturdays being the clear winner (most places will be a bit too crowded on Saturdays). Some clubs have a 2 for 1 policy on Wednesdays, and Sunday is usually the night for people in the industry.
Most places require that you are 20 years of age (look in the list for details) and that you can provide a valid ID, even if you are much older. Valid IDs are Norwegian bank cards, European standard driver's licenses and ID cards and passports. Drinking in public is illegal. Emptying a can in front of a police officer on a Saturday night will earn you a kr. 2500 fine. If you stroll through a park a bit outside the city centre on a sunny day you will still see a lot of people having a beer or a glass of wine with the picnic. The police usually won't mind as long as everything passes in an orderly fashion.
Prices vary great from place to place, ask at the door if you need to know. In the weekends, there is usually a cover charge from kr 50 to kr 100 at night clubs.
Almost all night clubs and some bars have a dress code. The required attire varies; look in the list for more information (when the listing indicates "no dress code" normal, nice clothes are accepted). Supporter gear is generally not accepted even in sports pubs.
Remember that smoking in all indoor areas where people work is strictly prohibited by law in Norway. Most restaurants, bars, night clubs etc. will require you to leave if you try to smoke indoors.
Nightlife is largely concentrated in the central downtown (streets Vaskerelven, Engen, Torgallmenningen, Ole Bulls plass, Nygaardsgaten) and Bryggen area (streets Bryggen, Rosenkrantz gt, Vetrlidsallmenningen, kong Oscar gate).
Baran, Håkonsgaten. Small and nice pub with an excellent selection of reasonably priced beers, and a small selection of cheap food. A bit run-down, but rather cozy. Clientele between 20-35. The staff wants to appear very knowledgeable and might tell you which beers are similar to which (e.g., "Marston's Oyster Stout is similar to a Guinness and not at all watery"). Being skeptical to this advice will keep you from being disappointed.
Biskopen, Neumannsgate. A nice pub that caters mostly to people between 25 and 40. Nice selection of beers. If it looks crowded, check the basement.
Henrik Øl og Vinstove, Engen 10, ☏ +47 55900384. Su-F 16:00-00:30, Sa 14:00-00:30. A bar that possibly has the widest selection of beer in Bergen with over 40 beers on tap, and a large selection of bottled beer. It has a quiet, friendly atmosphere and the bartender is extremely knowledgeable and personable.
Inside Rock Café, Vaskerelvsmuget 7 (close to the blue stone). M-Sa 15:30-03:00, Su 15:30-00:00. The place to be if you like metal. Cheap beer, long hair and rock. Excellent burgers. No dress code, but a band t-shirt is recommended. kr 50 for  litres draft beer at night.
Pingvinen, Vaskerelven 14, ☏ +47 55 60 46 46, pingvinen@engengruppen.no. A very nice, but often crowded, bar where you can also get a good portion of Norwegian food. Recommended by Time. One of few places where genuine traditional Norwegian food is available. Nice prices both on food and drinks.
Former quarters of feared Nazi Secret Police now popular nightlife complex
The building now housing Rick's was during World War II the quarters of the Gestapo and the Sicherheitspolizei in the Nazi-occupied Bergen. There were prison cells in the basement and in the building's top floor. Several prisoners committed suicide by jumping out the windows on the 5th and 6th floor so that the Nazis could not torture them into revealing any secrets of the resistance, and a number of those not taking their own life died from the treatment they received during interrogations. The open place by the entrance to Rick's has a monument in memorial of those who lost their life. This has been the subject of repeated discussions in the local media due to a request from the owners of Rick's to use some of the area to serve alcohol.
Rick's, Veiten 3 (just by the theatre), ☏ +47 55 55 31 31, post@ricks.no. A large complex featuring among other things a scene, a disco, a bar and an Irish pub, most popular among people between 30 and 40 years. If you are a woman, expect sleazy guys in the disco. Age limit is 24 years in weekends.
Baklommen. Bryggen (Enhjørningsgården). Probably Bergen's smallest bar. A place to sit down and relax with a coffee or a drink. Only accessible with a wheelchair when assisted. Age limit is 23 years. No dress code.
Una, Bryggen 7, ☏ +47 919 00 923. A bar with a large variety of beers, which change all the time.
USF Verftet, Georgernes verft 12 (Nøstet). Formerly a sardine factory, USF Verftet is a very large venue with different stages for concerts, theatre and dance. Intimate jazz concerts every Friday except around Christmas and in the summer. Home of the Nattjazz jazz festival. Kafé Kippers is a café with a beautiful view of Puddefjorden. The best place for a beer outdoors in the summer, but also family friendly. The café is open every day. Check the program on the venue's website or in the local newspaper Bergens Tidende (BT) for events. Student discount on beer and wine. The café and the two largest stages are accessible with a wheelchair. Access to the remaining stages is possible with assistance. Age limit is 18 years. No dress code.
Altona Vinbar, ☏ +47 55 30 40 00. C. Sundts gate 22 (Entrance through Hotel Augustin or from Gågaten). The only bar/restaurant in Bergen with Wine Spectators Best of Award of Excellence. Excellent selection of wines, nice atmosphere.
Trikken 106, Nøstegaten 45B. Cozy, small pub and bar with a tramway theme. Nice selection of not too expensive beers and good cocktails. Also seating outside, with a view over the harbour and fjord. Classic rock, metal and postpunk will be played all the time, but never loud. Trikken 106 is a popular meeting place for people living in the neighbourhood. Expect some quizzes and a lot of talking. A place for tourists to meet the locals.
Nygårdshøyden and Møhlenpris – the University Area
Det akademiske kvarter in Nygårdsgaten - an area with cafes and pubs popular among students.
Det Akademiske Kvarter (Kvarteret), Olav Kyrres gate 49, kontakt@kvarteret.no. The student culture house is one of the largest venues in Bergen with two large stages and one smaller, a pub, a café and a few other bars. Often popular club concepts and concerts in the week-ends. A very popular place among most people in the 20s. Age limit is 20 years unless you have valid student ID, in which case the age limit is 18 years. No cover charge (except Saturdays after 21:00, kr 50, and for special events) or dress code. Completely accessible with a wheelchair. Student discount on drinks and generally low prices.
Fincken. Nygårdsgaten 2 A. W-Th 19:00-01:30, F-Su 19:00-02:30. Traditionally the centre of gay nightlife in Bergen, these days Fincken is a mixed crowd with plenty of straight men. No dress code.
Fotballpuben. Vestre Torggaten 9. Live football from every corner of the globe, except Trondheim, as locals have a rather difficult relationship with the city. Nightlife starts at 23:00 and people usually get very drunk by the end of the night. Expect a fight and expect the bouncers to go hard on anyone involved. Age limit is 18 years. Inaccessible with a wheelchair. No dress code.
Hulen. Olaf Ryes vei 48. Th-Sa 21:00-03:00 (closed during summer). Established in 1969, Hulen is the oldest running rock club in Northern Europe. Hulen can be tricky to find, but with its unique atmosphere it is well worth a visit. The somewhat concealed location is a good buffer against the hordes of drunk morons that frequent more central bars. Hulen is situated in a cave (an old bomb shelter), and is run by students with two bars and a stage. Good concerts (Fridays), cheap drinks and the best rock disco in town (Saturdays). Beer costs kr 36 before 23:00 and kr 44 after. The turnout varies greatly. No dress code.
Legal, Christies gate 11. A small and very popular 50s style drinking den with brilliant music and ambiance. No dress code.
Bien Bar in a previous pharmacy at Danmarksplass.
Bien bar, Fjøsangerveien 30 (Danmarksplass, take the light rail (the bar will refund your ticket) or walk for 15 minutes from the city centre), ☏ +47 55 59 11 00, petter@bienbar.no. M–Th 11:00–01:30, F 11:00-02:30, Sa 12:00-02:30, Su 12:00–01:30. This great neighborhood pub used to be a pharmacy. Wooden drawers with labels for bandages and hemorrhoidal cream still line the walls, as the art deco interior is protected by the local cultural heritage authority. Bien has a friendly staff and a good atmosphere. In addition to classic drinks you can also get very good food both for lunch and dinner here. Try "Bien spesial", sausages from a local slaughterhouse served with lentils. Quiz every Wednesday at 20:30 and regular jazz concerts with free entrance. No dress code, accessible with a wheelchair. kr 54 for  litres draft beer, kr 86 for most cocktails, lunch from around kr 100.
This guide uses the following price ranges for a standard double room:
Outside the summer season, getting a hotel room is usually not a problem, although it can be quite expensive unless you have a reservation. In the summer season (from May to Sept) a reservation well in advance is required. Breakfast is normally included in the price except at hostels and camping sites.
Bergen Hostel Montana (Bergen Vandrerhjem Montana), Johan Blytts vei 30 (On Landås, about 10 minutes from the city centre by car, use bus line 12 eastbound), ☏ +47 55 20 80 70, bergen.montana@hihostels.no. Situated on the hillside of Mount Ulriken. Bus connections are good. This typical hostel is an excellent choice for families and those travelling on a budget, with decent and clean facilities in a quiet area. Its location is however not ideal if you plan to enjoy the nightlife of Bergen. Free Wifi, two well equipped guest kitchens and free parking for guests. Members of Hosteling International receive 10% discount. Breakfast included. Linen and towels not included. Dorm: kr 205-295, Double: kr 660(winter)-850(summer).
Intermission Hostel, Kalfarveien 8 (East of the railway station), ☏ +47 55 30 04 00, post@intermissionhostel.no. A Christian hostel 40-bed dormitory with probably the lowest prices in town. Norwegian evenings every Monday and Thursday with traditional cakes and waffles, free of charge. Open from mid-June to mid-August. Dorm: kr 190, Bed linen: kr 30.
Marken Gjestehus, Kong Oscars gate 45, ☏ +47 55 31 44 04, fax: +47 55 31 60 22, post@marken-gjestehus.com. A 73-bed hostel located close to the railway station. Lockable closets in all rooms. No mixed sex dormitories. Breakfast not included. Reception: May–Sep: 09:00–23:00, Oct–Apr: 09:30–16:30. Dorm: kr 210-275, Double: from kr 610, Bed linen: kr 65.
Skansen pensjonat, ☏ +47 55 31 90 80, post@skansen-pensjonat.no. Small and cosy, with only seven rooms. Located near the funicular. Reservations are necessary. Double: kr 900, Single: kr 550.
Bergen Guesthouse, Stølesmauet 9, ☏ +47 938 74 907, post@bergenguesthouse.com. Situated behind Bryggen, the guesthouse consists of two houses, one with a two bedroom apartment and one in which four rooms are available. All rooms can be fitted with a baby bed free of charge. Some of the bedrooms can also be rented and used as living rooms or offices on request. Double: kr 750 including bed linen and towels.
Friis Pensjon, Ytre Markeveien 6-8, ☏ +47 467 79 604, booking@friispensjon.com. A small flat close to the city centre: a bedroom, a living-room, a kitchen-corner (without stove), a bathroom. There is Wi-Fi in the flat. Suitable for 2 persons, but can also be used by four. Double: kr 800.
Citybox Bergen City, Nygårdsgaten 31, ☏ +47 55 31 25 00, bergen@citybox.no. Check-in: 16:00, check-out: 12:00. Self-service check-in, comfortable rooms with a desk, chair, kitchen, space for hanging clothes. Laundry room, TV/lounge downstairs. Very close to the station. Single kr 635, double kr 720. (updated Aug 2020)
Citybox Danmarksplass, Solheimsgaten 23, ☏ +47 53 01 99 90, danmarksplass@citybox.no. Self-service hotel. Guests handle booking, payment, check-in and check-out themselves. Single kr 649, double kr 705.
Traditional buildings around narrow streets. Some of these houses are as used as pensions or flats for short term rent.
Comfort Hotel Holberg, Strandgaten 190 (Nordnes), ☏ +47 55 30 42 00, fax: +47 55 23 18 20, co.holberg@choice.no. A little bit outside the centre of downtown, but still no more than a few minutes walk from the fish market, this hotel is probably one of the lesser known accommodation options in Bergen. The hotel is quite new and modern. With facilities in the typical mid-range class, it might however be a bit pricey compared to its competitors. About kr 1500 per night for a standard double room.
Grand Terminus, Zander Kaaesgate 6 (Opposite the railway station), ☏ +47 55 21 25 00, booking@grandterminus.no. The hotel built in 1928 is elegant and has a classical style. Wide central staircase leading up to renovated rooms, and down to an old-fashioned lounge bar area downstairs, with free tea and coffee for guests. Double: from kr 1150.
InCity Hotel & Apartments, Øvre Ole Bulls plass 3 (In the heart of Bergen, 50 m from the blue stone), ☏ +47 55 23 16 13, booking@incity.no. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 11:30. Large and comfortable rooms with kitchenette and broadband internet. Hotel, restaurant, bar, night club and theater under same roof. Double: from kr 1290.
Scandic Bergen City, Håkonsgaten 2 (close to the university area), ☏ +47 55 30 90 80, fax: +47 55 23 49 20, bergencity@scandichotels.com. A reasonably priced conference hotel, also a good option for tourists due to its relatively central yet quiet surroundings. There is a gym and bath close by, and a cinema across the street. From kr 1100 per night for a standard double room.
Thon Hotel Bergen Brygge, Bradbenken 3 (close to Bergenhus), ☏ +47 55 30 87 00, fax: +47 55 32 94 14, bergen.brygge@thonhotels.no. An ok hotel situated in the historic part of Bergen, though not very historic itself. Single: from kr 695, Double: from kr 895.
Thon Hotel Rosenkrantz, Rosenkrantzgate 7, ☏ +47 55 30 14 00, fax: +47 55 31 14 76, rosenkrantz@thonhotels.no. Hotel Rosenkrantz is a comfortable hotel located just behind Bryggen. The hotel serves an evening buffet included in the room price every night except in the summer season. There are nightclubs in the vicinity. About kr 1300 per night for a standard double room.
Scandic Neptun, Valkendorfsgate 8 (Torget 400 m; railway station 850 m; Flybussen stops outside the hotel), ☏ +47 55 30 68 00, neptun@scandichotels.com. Central hotel that is part of the Scandic chain. Good-sized standard rooms with two beds, bathtub, and tea/coffee maker. Breakfast buffet, serviceable wireless internet, and Norwegian newspapers are supplied. Several restaurants on-site.
Augustin Hotel, C. Sundts gate 22, ☏ +47 55 30 40 00, fax: +47 55 30 40 10, booking@augustin.no. Augustin Hotel is Bergen's oldest family-run hotel, owned by the same family for three generations. It is the only hotel in the city centre that is not member of a hotel chain, giving room for the management to create a unique atmosphere. The hotel has undergone extensive modernization the latest years. The restaurant and the wine bar are both highly recommended. The hotel is often fully booked, so a reservation well in advance is recommended. About kr 1700 per night for a standard double room.
Clarion Collection Hotel Havnekontoret, Slottsgaten 1 (at the harbour), ☏ +47 55 60 11 00, fax: +47 55 60 11 01, cc.havnekontoret@choice.no. This luxurious hotel opened in the beautiful neo-classical building which used to house the Port of Bergen harbor company in May 2006. The hotel is situated on historical ground between Bryggen and Bergenhus fort. Hotel facilities include a gym and a sauna. About kr 2000 per night for a standard double room.
Clarion Hotel Admiral, C. Sundts gate 9, ☏ +47 55 23 64 00, fax: +47 55 23 64 64, cl.admiral@choice.no. A traditional high-class hotel with a view of Bergen harbor. About kr 1600 per night for a standard double room.
Det Hanseatiske Hotel, Finnegården 2A, ☏ +47 55 30 48 00, frontdesk@finnegaarden.no. Finnegaarden 2 A. Situated in the very heart of the historic Bergen, the hotel building was rebuilt after the great fire in 1702, but is mentioned in texts dating back to the beginning of the 15th century. It is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Bryggen. With 37 rooms, the hotel opened in May 2006 and has quickly gained renown for its historic atmosphere. From kr 1500 per night for a standard double room.
Bergen has, as the rest of Norway, a generally low crime rate. The most likely crimes for tourists to experience is car break-ins and bicycle theft. Pickpockets is also becoming an increasing problem in the summer season, but it's still nothing like in larger cities in Europe. It is always a good idea to look after your belongings, this includes never leaving valuable objects visible in your car and locking your bike safely.
There are no particularly unsafe areas in Bergen. The upper part of Nygårdsparken used to be the hang-out place for drug addicts. The lower part of Nygårdsparken is a beautiful place popular among the locals. To make the whole park family friendly the upper part was closed down and renovated for two years forcing the drug addicts to disperse. As a consequence they are now spread across the city. The drug addicts are usually completely harmless, but nevertheless not fun to be around.
Buying sex is illegal in Norway.
People party hard on Friday and Saturday night, and hoards of drunk people will appear in the central areas from around midnight, singing, carousing, and just hanging around. Some foreigners may perceive this as threatening, but they are mostly harmless, even all-male groups chanting football songs. If approached, just smile and stay friendly, but uneasy visitors should avoid groups of drunk young after midnight. Summer evenings has daylight until 23:00 or 24:00, adding to the safety for visitors.
There is an emergency and accident ward at Solheimsgaten 9. The ward is open all day all week, and provides examination and treatment in case of accidents and acute diseases. The ward is located with a life crisis assistance centre, a psychiatric emergency ward, a reception centre for rape victims and a dental emergency ward. All services may be reached at ☏ +47 55 56 87 60. If you should be in need of immediate medical assistance, do however call 113.
The police station downtown is in Allehelgens gate 6, across the street from the old town hall.
Emergency Medical Services (Ambulance), ☏ 113.
If you are unsure which emergency number to call, ☏ 112 is the central for all such rescue services and will put you in contact with the correct department.
The hearing impaired using a text telephone can reach the emergency services by dialing ☏ 1412.
non-emergencies police, ☏ 02800 (in country only), +47 55 55 63 00 (Hordaland Police District).
Roadside assistance is provided by Falck (☏ 02222 (in country only)) and Viking (phone|06000}} (in country only)). AAA members may call NAF ☏ 08505 (in country only).
In acute illness or if accident occurs contact:
Emergency Medical Services, ☏ 113 (Emergencies only).
Bergen legevakt, Solheimsgaten 9, ☏ +47 55 56 87 00, 116 117 (in country only). For minor injuries and illness (emergency room/physician seeing patients without appointment).
There are many pharmacies (apotek) in Bergen, that are selling medications and can give you advice on the treatment of injury and disease.
Vitusapotek Nordstjernen Bergen, Bergen Storsenter, Strømgt. 8. Has extended opening hours.
As in the rest of Norway, it is customary to take your shoes off when entering a home. This in particular done as a practical matter, due to the wet weather (slush and salt in winter).
People from Bergen have a reputation for being more loud and direct than many other parts of Norway. Locals are perhaps the most patriotic in Norway.
Getting around by foot is easy, and free maps are available everywhere. If you need a better map, you should buy one of the local newspapers' (Bergens Tidende) maps. Maps are sold from the paper's reception in Krinkelkroken 1, close to the blue stone, and in various bookstores. The city map costs kr 50.
Some streets are narrow or steep and available for pedestrians.
VISA and MasterCard are normally accepted in any restaurant, taxi and store, except grocery stores, some kiosks and McDonald's. Many places, American Express, JCB and Diners Club are also accepted. ATMs accept all major credit and debit cards and are available in English language. The currency is Norwegian kroner (crowns), but euros may also be accepted at some tourist destinations (you should, however, avoid paying in euros as the exchange rates may be stiff). Currency exchange is available in all banks. Exchange is usually associated with an incredible fee, so you should use your credit card or withdraw cash from an ATM unless you have a good reason not to. You will also find that most shops don't handle change manually. A grey machine by the till accepts your change in the top (and counts it for the shop assistant) and provides your change in a hopper at the bottom. Don't feed a large number of coins in at once: put them in one at a time or the machine may jam.
The regular opening hours for grocery stores are 08:00-21:00 on weekdays. Some stores open earlier and close later. Other shops usually have shorter hours, except those in the shopping centres. Almost all shops, including grocery stores, close earlier on Saturdays and are closed on Sundays and public holidays. Kiosks such as Narvesen, 7-Eleven and Deli de Luca, as well as many petrol stations, are open. These do however often have very high prices for normal grocery items.
Some smaller grocery stores are open on Sundays and public holidays, including Bunnpris at Nedre Korskirkeallmenningen (by the Bergen YMCA and the Church of the Cross) and Rimi at Nygårdsgaten 6.
The city's main post office is in the Xhibition shopping centre, on the 1st floor. Some grocery stores offer limited postal services, and stamps are available from most book stores and kiosks. Post boxes are either red or yellow and are located all over town. Yellow boxes are only for local mail, if unsure use the red box. All post boxes, post offices and grocery stores offering postal services are marked with the emblem of the Norwegian postal service, a stylized red or silver horn, and the word "Posten". For more information on the postal service and to locate post offices and post boxes, see the web site of Norway Postdead link.
The local tap water is fresh, tasty and rich in minerals from the surrounding mountains, and safe to drink.
Public toilets are available for a small fee at shopping centres and at Torget and Bryggen.
Countries with consulates in Bergen are listed below in the consulates section; however, most are only honorary consulates, so their services are limited. You may wish to visit your country's embassy in the Norwegian capital, Oslo.
Area codes are no longer in use in Norwegian phone numbers. Phone numbers are normally eight digits, some special numbers may be three, four or five digits. In any case you should always dial all of the digits to make a call. The country code of Norway is +47. If you are calling abroad from a land line, dial 00 before your country code and phone number.
Cellular phone coverage is very good throughout the city. Three different networks are available, Telenor, NetCom and Network Norway. Check with your local operator to find out which one is the cheaper for you. The difference is usually not big. Norway, like most of Europe, uses GSM 900 and 1800, which means that some cell phones from USA, Canada and countries in Asia will not work. For those in need of mobile data lines, both HSDPA/3G/UMTS, EDGE and GPRS coverage is good on all networks.
There are no telephone centres in the city, and only a very few phone booths. Most hotels have phones in every room, but international calls from these phones are usually very expensive. There are some calling cards available, this is probably the cheapest way to phone home.
Many cafes and restaurants have free Wi-Fi for their patrons. Free Wi-Fi is also available at Bergen Public Library, Strømgaten 6 (by the bus station). Most large hotels do also have wireless Internet access, however access at a hotel may be pricy.
If you are a registered user at an eduroam participating institution, you can connect to a high-speed secure Wi-Fi network on the university campus on Nygårdshøyden, and in other buildings used by the university, the Bergen University College, the Norwegian School of Business and Economics, and the Bergen National Academy of the Arts. For information on how to connect, see UNINETTs website.
There are internet cafes around town. At Bergen Public Library, you may also use a computer with high-speed internet access for free. There is a reservation system, ask at the circulation desk.
St Paul catholic church in the University area downtown.
Bergen Bahá'í Centre, Sydnessmuget 6, +47 930 00 159 (after 17:00).
Bergen centre of the Karma Kagyu School of Tibetan Buddhism, +47 971 11 302. Meditation hours every Wednesday from 19:00.
Bergen Hindu Sabha, Storetveitveien 5, +47 55 28 22 45.
Bergen Mosque, Nøstegaten 43, +47 55 23 37 10.
Evangelical Lutheran Church of Norway (state church). Services in Norwegian in most churches every Sunday at 11:00. During the study year the student congregation has short services in Johanneskirken (on the university campus at Nygårdshøyden) every Wednesday at 11:30 and in Domkirken every Sunday at 19:00.
St. Paul's church (Catholic church), Nygårdsgaten 3, +47 55 21 59 50. Religious services every day of the week. Services are in Norwegian, English, Vietnamese, Tamil, Spanish, Filipino, Polish or Latin.
Engensenteret chapel (Anglican church), Baneveien 1.
The Baptist Church, Vilhelm Bjerknes vei 16. Services every Sunday at 11:00.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Åsbakken 14, +47 55 91 05 10.
Jehovah's Witnesses, Slåtthaugveien 19/21, +47 55 13 02 18. English speaking congregation.
Canada (Honorary Consulate), P.O. Box 2439 Solheimsviken, ☏ +47 55 29 71 30, fax: +47 55 29 71 31, honconbergen@canada.no.
Greece, Henschien Insurance Services Ltd AS, Ole Landmarksvei 14, ☏ +47 55 38 98 00, fax: +47 5538-9801, firmapost@henschien.no.
India (Honorary Consulate), Fortunen 7, ☏ +47 913 25 880, +47 55 54 48 29, fconsul@india.bergen.no.
Havråtunet. 18 May-31 Aug: M-Sa 12:00-16:00, Su 11:00-17:00. Sep: Su 12:00-16:00. A farmstead on a steep slope on the island of Osterøy overlooking a fjord. This Norwegian version of a village consists of 36 buildings bundled together with steep fields and plots around it. During the 20th century 60 people lived there and to this day all the work is done without modern equipment like machines.
Hellesøy in Øygarden is an island located almost in the North Sea about 1–1½ hours of driving from Bergen. Enjoy the beautiful, harsh nature, go for a hike and rent a fishing rod. Eat your lunch in open air or at the local cafeteria. Boat trips and extreme sports events can be organized, and if you care to stay for a while, you can rent a room, apartment or a sea house. Activities and lodging is provided by Destination Hellesøy.
Kvamskogen is a popular target for day trips in the winter season, especially among locals. Kvamskogen is a ski eldorado situated between 400 and 1300 m above sea level in the Kvam municipality. Alpine slopes are served by several ski lifts, and endless possibilities for those who favor cross country skiing. Professional ski instructors are available at a fair cost for non-skiers, and so are rental skis and other equipment. There are regular buses to Kvamskogen, call 177 or visit the information desk at the bus station for more information.
Lysøen - home of Ole Bull
Lysøen, ☏ +47 56 30 90 77, fax: +47 56 30 93 72, mail@lysoen.no. 18 May-31 August: M-Sa 12:00–16:00. Su 11:00-27:00 September: Sundays only 12:00-16:00. This island belonged to Ole Bull, a famous musician. He bought the island in 1872 and drew the original drawings for his extraordinary house himself. The island is a great place to go for walks, as well as seeing the extraordinary house, as there are many great paths to walk along. You can attend guided tours at every hour, starting 15 minutes after opening time. To get to the island you must take the ferry from Buena quay. The ferry departs Buena every day at noon, 13:00, 14:00 and 15:00, Sundays also 11:00 and 16:00. It departs Lysøen at 13:30, 14:30, 15:30 and 16:30, Sundays also 12:30 and 17:30. Tickets cost kr 50 for adults and kr 30 for children (free with the Bergen card). The boat has more departures if necessary. Large groups should book in advance. There is a café and museum shop at the island. adults kr 30, children kr 10 – free admission with the Bergen card.
Os borders Bergen to the south. While the south-eastern part of Os municipality is mainly made up of typical Nordic suburb-style settlements and a quiet urban centre, the western part consists of a beautiful and popular coastal area with many small islands with cabins.
The North Sea Traffic Museum, Telavåg, Sund municipality (Sotra). This museum to the west of Bergen commemorate the Norwegians that fled to Shetland and Great Britain during World War II, and the Telavåg tragedy of 1942 when the entire village was destroyed and the people were forced to move and most the men were sent to Sachsenhausen concentration camp in Germany.
Sognefjord with Flåm. The largest fjord in Norway and Europe can be visited by car, bus, boat or train from Bergen. The Nutshell includes a brief visit to one branch of Sognefjord.
Norway in a Nutshell, +47 815 68 222. Roundtrip Bergen - Myrdal - Flåm - Gudvangen - Stalheim - Voss - Bergen by train, boat and coach. The tour takes you through some of the most beautiful fjord scenery in Norway. It takes one day, but it is possible to spend more time if you wish. Tickets cost kr 895.
Voss is a village to the east of Bergen world-known for extreme sports such as paragliding and rafting. Every year in the summer there is a week-long extreme sports festival called Ekstremsportveko. For the little less adventurous Voss is also a great place for hiking and skiing, both cross-country and alpine. One of Norway's largest jazz festivals, Vossa Jazz, is held here in March. Travel to Voss by train (about 1 hr 15 min) or take the E16 road by car.
Hardanger. Romantic Hardanger with the grand fjord and glaciers. Can be visited by car, bus, or boat from Bergen. Included en route towards Stavanger, Oslo or Kristiansand.
Stavanger. Bergen′s smaller brother to the south.
Ålesund. Bergen′s smaller brother to the north.
Oslo, farther away, but connected via a magnificent and comfortable train line (a ride of about 6½-7½ hr depending on the connection).
Edinburgh ← (unconnected) ←
This city travel guide to Bergen has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!