For other places with the same name, see Birmingham (disambiguation).
Birmingham, in the West Midlands, is Britain's second-largest city. Known in the Victorian era as the "City of a Thousand Trades" and the "Workshop of the World", Brum, as locals call the city, is enjoying a 21st-century resurgence as a great shopping and cultural destination.
The northern part of Birmingham's city centre
Birmingham is known for its canals
Birmingham (the h is silent) was at the heart of the UK's industrial revolution, and its wealth was built upon the multitude of trades that were spawned. This led to a massive canal network, with more miles of canals than Venice or Amsterdam (though they're very different types of canals).
Much of the city centre was destroyed during the World War II Blitz, and the replacement buildings added little to the city. However, since the 1990s, Birmingham has been undergoing a radical change and many of the post-war buildings have been replaced. The majority of the city centre is now pedestrianised, and the canals cleaned up to make for attractive walkways. Locals credit the City Council for the transformation, as the city retains its industrial heritage while now appearing modern and forward-looking.
The city's notable associations are as diverse as HP Sauce, Tony Hancock, Cadbury's chocolate, the Lunar Society (whose members included James Watt and Matthew Boulton), Jasper Carrot and the Spitfire and the Mini (car, not skirt). Birmingham also has an active music scene, with bands and artists like Black Sabbath, UB40, Napalm Death, Duran Duran, The Beat and Steel Pulse hailing from the area. The city is also known for being the backdrop of the BBC period TV drama Peaky Blinders, which has helped to increase interest in the city.
Birmingham has many literary associations – not only JRR Tolkien, but also Washington Irving, who wrote Rip Van Winkle while lodging here with his sister's family, and Conan Doyle, who bought a violin in Sherlock Street while a medical student in Birmingham. The authors Jim Crace, Judith Cutler and David Lodge are also residents.
The nearby locations of Shropshire, Warwick, and Stratford-upon-Avon provide more of the stereotypical images of "olde" England. However, Birmingham has many of its own tourist attractions, has an extremely lively nightlife, and the shopping is one of the best outside of London.
Colmore Row in the core city centre
The City of Birmingham as it stands today encompasses a very large array of former towns and villages surrounding the original town of Birmingham, that have been incorporated into it over the years. Therefore, even if a point of interest is officially in Birmingham, it can be located quite far away from the actual city centre, in what can appear as a separate small town or even countryside. Addresses are often given including the name of the suburb, to help locate them. Do not assume that any place with a Birmingham address is easily accessible once you are in the city.
Some of the more known districts and wards of Birmingham include Aston (home to Aston Hall and Aston Villa football team) Edgbaston (where the main campus of the University of Birmingham is located), and Selly Oak (secondary campus and student town). The city centre of Birmingham officially falls into the ward of Ladywood, which itself has little to do with the actual centre.
Other areas in the city include Perry Barr, Sutton Coldfield and Moseley.
The centre of Birmingham is confined by a dual-carriageway ring road officially called the A4540, also called the Middle Ring Road. The former Inner Ring Road, or A4400, was viewed as an urban planning failure and parts of it were dismantled and redeveloped. The A38 runs across the city centre, partially underground. The very central point of Birmingham is Victoria Square. The main railway hub is New Street station, next to the huge Bullring shopping centre, which is also an orientation beacon and leads up all the way to another railway station called Moor Street.
Birmingham city centre can be divided into several areas of different characteristics:
Core City Centre – extends northwestwards of the New Street station, inside the confines of the A38 and includes much of the surviving pre-war historic buildings of Birmingham, a number of important institutions and the historically prime addresses such as New Street or Colmore Row
Westside – extends southwest of New Street and beyond the former Inner Ringroad, and includes much of the remaining canals in central Birmingham. Alongside them, much new development took place, including civic buildings such as the International Convention Centre and Library of Birmingham, and multi-functional commercial projects such as Brindleyplace or The Mailbox
Eastside – the area southeast of New Street station, or more precisely behind the nearby Moor Street station. This formerly industrial area which included the long-disused Curzon Station as well now contains large swathes of unused, cleared land being redeveloped as parts of large urban planning projects, giving this part of town a modern yet unfinished appearance
Southside – the part southeast of New Street station retains a more traditional ambience with small buildings along narrow streets. Parts of it are occupied by Birmingham's Gay Village and the Chinese Quarter.
Deritend and Digbeth – the area directly eastwards of the Bullring centre contains much industrial and pre-industrial architectural heritage, and it has become a hub for everything creative and a rather pleasant area, which also includes Birmingham's Irish Quarter.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmSee the 5 day forecast for Birmingham at the Met Office
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Jewellery Quarter – true to its name, workshops in the quarter still produce 40% of the UK's jewellery, and includes the country's largest Assay Office, and several museums. It retains the 19th-century appearance lost by other industrial parts of Birmingham and is a tourist attraction itself.
Gun Quarter – north of Jewellery Quarter and for decades known for firearms manufacturing, but now not seeing much commercial or municipal interest and of little interest to tourists.
Moseley is a suburb. Much of Moseley Village dates from Victorian times and is a conservation area. There is also a dovecote which pre-dates this at Moseley Hall hospital, on Alcester Road. It is occasionally open to the public on certain Sundays during the year. Take the number 50 bus from the city centre - it goes straight down Moseley Road (A435) to Moseley village. The journey takes about 15 minutes. Alternatively, take the number 1 or 35 buses which stop by Cannon Hill Park Gooch Street
Birmingham Airport (BHX IATA) (just outside the city, in Solihull, about 8 mi (13 km) east of central Birmingham). A major airport serving the city and the rest of the West Midlands region with frequent international flights. There are several direct arrivals a day from all major UK and European destinations, and a few from more far-flung places such as Delhi, Doha, Dubai (twice daily), Orlando Sanford, Amritsar, Islamabad, and Ashgabat.
A free people mover, Air-Rail Link, connects the airport passenger terminal with Birmingham International rail station between 5:15AM and 2AM; it runs every two minutes and the journey time is less than two minutes. From Birmingham International rail station trains run to New Street Station every 5–15 minutes from around 6:05AM (Su 8:45AM) to 11:15PM. The journey takes 10–20 minutes depending on whether you get an express or local (stopping) service and costs £ one-way (express service - Avanti trains only) or £ one-way for a ticket valid on any service.
Bus service 900 runs every 20–30 minutes between Birmingham and Coventry via the airport from around 4:50AM (Su 7AM) to midnight, takes around 25 minutes (can be much longer in peak periods) and costs £ one way; the ticket is not valid for transfers. Bus service 97A provides an hourly service through the night. A day ticket (Daysaver) for all NXWM buses is available for £4 (£ before 9AM), but it can also be purchased for €5 on any airport service. Exact change is required. If a group is travelling together, a Group Daysaver for £8 will cover up to 5 people for unlimited journeys for a day.
National Express coaches serve the airport every half hour during the early hours of the morning which is very handy for morning flights, as the trains don't usually start until later in the morning. The fare varies depending on whether it is booked in advance, although tickets can be purchased on the coach subject to seats being available.
A taxi from the airport to central Birmingham will take around 20–30 minutes and will cost around £22.
The National Exhibition Centre (NEC) is adjacent to the airport and can be accessed by the free Air-Rail Link via Birmingham International station.
Cars dropping off passengers at the airport must pay a minimum fee of £3. This includes taxis and private hire cars, which pass the charge on to passengers. The charge can be avoided by being dropped off at Birmingham International Railway Station, where there is no charge, and then using the free Air-Rail Link.
Wikivoyage has a guide to Rail travel in Great Britain
Birmingham is a major hub of Britain's rail network.
Birmingham New Street station (BHM). The main station which sees a number of long-distance trains. There are half-hourly services (M-Sa daytime) from Bristol, Shrewsbury, Cardiff, Weston-super-Mare, Edinburgh, Glasgow, London Euston, Manchester Piccadilly, Oxford, Sheffield and stations in between. (updated May 2022)
Allow plenty of time to find your train at New Street station as it is huge and very confusing. Most platforms (tracks) are divided into sections (e.g. Platform 4A, 4B and 4C) and it's not uncommon for two trains bound for different destinations to depart from the same platform. So make sure you wait in the right area which is labelled on screens above the platform, and board the right train! New Street Station is notorious for last-minute platform changes so it's advisable to wait close to the stairs and keep close attention to the information screens and PA announcements as you may need to make a quick dash to the opposite side of the station with only a few minutes until departure!
Raging Bull, the symbol of the city during the 2022 Commonwealth Games, is on permanent display at New Street Station. Now named "Ozzy", he is a static display and no longer snorts and stomps as before, lest any staff mistakenly couple him to rolling stock.
Other important stations are  Birmingham Snow Hill station and  Birmingham Moor Street station . Both of these stations are on the so-called Snow Hill line, which mainly sees local traffic within the region operated by West Midlands Railway.
The exception is Chiltern Railways' service to both stations from London Marylebone, which rivals London Northwestern Railway (slow, cheap) and Avanti West Coast (fast, more expensive) services from London Euston to Birmingham New Street. The Chiltern route has become increasingly popular since infrastructure improvements mean the fastest trains are not much slower than West Coast services into New Street, it's generally cheaper and more scenic, and Marylebone and Moor Street are relatively small stations that still have a lot of the Victorian charm that Euston and New Street decidedly lack.
New Street and Moor Street are a 5-minute walk apart, and Snow Hill is about a 10-minute walk from each.
Birmingham International station (BHI). Do not get off your train here unless you are going to the airport, NEC or Genting Arena; this station is outside the city. (updated May 2022)
Timetables can be checked at National Rail Enquiries (premium rate phone number from mobiles: +44 8457 48 49 50) and tickets can be booked online via this platform or over the phone through the train operator.
Intercity buses, unless clearly stated otherwise, will terminate at  Birmingham Coach Station . The City Centre is around a 10-minute uphill walk from the station along the slightly tatty Digbeth High Street, but people need not be alarmed as the Selfridges Building and skyline are clearly visible to guide you in the correct direction. some tickets include a free bus journey transfer to the city centre, on local public transport services. If you arrive at night (or have large amounts of luggage), consider getting a bus or taxi as the Digbeth area is not a very pleasant part of the city and is home to many pubs and other nightlife, which may intimidate strangers.
Birmingham Coach station has a booking office, two cafés, shop and other basic facilities. There are toilets (30 pence), vending machines (available 24 hours), and an information desk.
There are half-hourly (or more frequent) services from London (service 420), and services from most major cities (including Bristol, Cambridge, Cardiff, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Manchester, Oxford and Sheffield) every two hours.
If you are taking the coach to an airport (such as for your journey home), leave at least two, preferably three hours early, as coach trips have been known to face significant delays if mechanical or personnel problems are encountered. National Express promises only to get you to the destination within the same day and will take no responsibility if the service runs late (the optional National Express insurance covers only your personal safety and your possessions).
Megabus, 0900 160 0900 (premium rate number). Serves London and Scotland.
National Express, 0870 580 8080.
The Gravelly Hill Interchange in Birmingham, England - the original Spaghetti Junction
The start of the Birmingham Canal at Gas Street Basin, central Birmingham
Birmingham is well sign-posted and surrounded by motorways; the M42, the M5, and the M6 which includes the infamous Spaghetti Junction (Gravelly Hill Interchange). Once in the West Midlands:
From the north, Birmingham is served by A-roads.
From the north-east, use the M1, M42 and M6.
From the east, use the M6.
From the south-east, use the M40 and M42.
From the south, Birmingham is served by A-roads.
From the south-west, use the M5 and M42.
From the west, Birmingham is served by A-roads.
From the north-west, use the M6.
Birmingham City Council operated car parks are available throughout the city, a list is accessible online.
The M5 will take you to the south-west, either the M42 then M40 or the M6 then M1 will take you to London and the south-east. In the other direction the M1 will take you to Leeds and the north-east. The M6 will also take you towards the north-west, Manchester and Scotland, or, via the M54, to north Wales.
Due to its industrial heritage, Birmingham has an extensive canal network and is on both the "Worcester & Birmingham" and "Grand Union" canals. Visitors travelling by narrowboat can choose from several tourist moorings, managed privately or by Canal & River Trust. Although the moorings are very busy in spring and summer, call ahead for availability.
Birmingham Canal Information Centre, 42A Gas St, ☏ +44 121 632 6845, birminghaminfo@britishwaterways.co.uk.
Birmingham Canal Navigations. provides a highly detailed 1:30,000-scale colour map of the network.
On foot in the City Centre
The Chamberlain Clock in the Jewellery Quarter, commemorating Joseph Chamberlain's visit to South Africa in 1903.
Birmingham's City Centre is partially pedestrianised, and most things to see and do can be reached on foot. Birmingham walking directions can be planned online with the walkit.com walking route planner.
Visitors may enjoy the walk from the International Convention Centre (ICC) and the Symphony Hall on the top of Broad Street to the Bull Ring shopping complex, which takes around twenty minutes and may involve only one easy surface road-crossing. From the ICC, you walk east by the Repertory Theatre and Library of Birmingham in Centenary Square; then through the site of the former Paradise Forum (as of 2018, a building site) to Chamberlain Square; with the Museum and Art Gallery to your left and the Grade I-listed Town Hall on your right, you make your way to the spacious Victoria Square. At Victoria Square, you will find the Town Hall to the west, the Council Offices to the north, and the old Head Post Office to the South; the path you want to the Bull Ring is east, down New Street, which is a pedestrianized street lined with shops, stores, and kiosks. About five blocks down New Street, you will come to Corporation Street, the only road crossing you need to make on this walk. A few blocks later, New Street will turn into Rotunda Square. Bearing south towards St. Martin's Church, you will find the 21st-century Bull Ring Shopping Complex to your left and right.
Birmingham has a large canal network. In the city centre, extensive development has enhanced the environment and level of amenities around these canals, making them excellent pedestrian routes in their own right. Visitors would enjoy the peaceful ten-minute car-free canal stroll from Brindleyplace, National Sea Life Centre, and Sherborne Wharf, all next to the ICC, eastward under Broad Street, through the Gas Street Basin, to The Mailbox (the former Royal Mail's Birmingham head office turned into shops and restaurants).
Other walks in the City Centre include the wheelchair accessible summer Floral trail from The Mailbox to St Paul's Square, which in turn is the beginning point of another walk, the historic Jewellery Quarter in Bloom trail, where one can visit the Chamberlain Clock or St Paul's Church.
Canal trail passing by New Smethwick Pumping Station
Birmingham City Council produces an excellent cycling and walking map of the area. You can pick one up from any local library, tourist information office, leisure centre or bike shop.
Birmingham is not a particularly cycle-friendly city, especially when compared to the rest of Europe, but it is possible to get around without too much trouble. There are plenty of places to lock a bike up in the city centre, but few cycle lanes and lots of pedestrians. Unless you are touring the UK, the best use for a bike in Birmingham is to explore the extensive local canal network, such as the canal trail leading to the historic New Smethwick Pumping Station.
Road and cycle path maintenance in the area is far from perfect, and it is not uncommon for trees and parked cars to obstruct the right-of-way. The standard of driving is as bad as in other cities, so exercise extreme caution on main roads and at night. The canal network can be accessed in the city centre from the Broad Street/Gas Street area, or at most road crossings elsewhere. The towpath is generally well-maintained to within a few miles of the city, and after that tends to be packed earth with plenty of mud and embedded bricks. A permit from British Waterways (free) is needed for towpath cycling.
The Sustrans National Cycle Network Route 5 (Oxford to Derby) passes through Birmingham from the south to the north-west. The local stretch is known as the Rea Valley Route, there is also the Cole Valley Route to the east.
On Your Bike, 33-40 Bradford St, ☏ +44 121 666-6933, fax: +44 121 666-6388, birmingham@onyourbike.com. M W F Sa 10AM-6PM, Th 10AM-7PM, Tu Su closed.
Bus, train and Metro all come under the authority of Network West Midlands (Part of Centro, the PTE of Birmingham and surrounding area), their website is the best source for all information required on public transport in the region .
Birmingham City Council has public transportation information available online as well.
All areas of Birmingham are well-served by bus routes, operated almost exclusively by National Express West Midlands (NXWM) with some competition from smaller providers, notably Diamond Buses.
There is no central bus station for local services. Buses depart instead from one or more of five interchanges in the city centre (principally Bull Street/Priory Queensway, Snow Hill, Moor Street, Paradise Circus and New Street). Bus stop maps are available from libraries, tourist information offices and the Network West Midlands (NWM) office at New Street Station.
Route maps and timetables are available from the outlets mentioned above, and there are extensive online versions on the National Express West Midlands and NWM websites. If you do not have a lot of time to spare tracking down which buses serve which areas, you can use the Traveline Midlands Journey Planner (0870 608 2608).
Single fares are £ (short hop) or £ for NXWM services, and transfers are not allowed. There are no return tickets, but you can buy an all-day pass for NXWM buses, known as a 'Daysaver', for £. Alternatively, a Group Daysaver will cover up to 5 people all day for £8. All these tickets may be purchased on the bus. NXWM buses do not give change, so make sure you have the exact amount required for the fare ready, so you do not hold up the queue behind you. A cheaper all-day "Plusbus" ticket, valid on all operators' buses as well as the Midland Metro tram and costs £, can be purchased at the same time as a train ticket from outside the West Midlands county. Most routes operate until around midnight and start between 4AM and 6AM in the morning, but services 97A (to Chelmsley Wood and Birmingham Airport) and 50 (to Moseley and Druids Heath) operate 24 hours a day.
National Express West Midlands operates a shop in the Pavilions Shopping Centre (opposite Moor Street Station) which sells weekly and four weekly tickets, as well as smartcards with five Daysavers at a reduced rate of £4 each. There are also numerous NXWM agents located in shops around the city which sell bus passes.
Birmingham's bus system is roughly radial, with frequent services in and out of the city centre from most locations especially along the main radial routes. Additionally there are two useful circular routes, the Inner Circle, service 8A/8C, and the better known service 11A/11C, the Outer Circle (the A and C refer to anticlockwise and clockwise directions) which can be useful while travelling between different areas while avoiding the City Centre. There are also numerous services linking many suburbs, hospitals and shopping centres, which are generally less frequent and in some cases have no or poor evening or Sunday services. Compared to London, Birmingham has fewer bus lanes, which can result in much slower journeys at peak periods.
There is an extensive overland rail network serving most of Birmingham and the West Midlands area, operated mainly by West Midlands Trains.
Route maps and timetables are available from libraries, tourist information offices, railway stations and the Traveline Midlands Journey Planner (0870 608 2608). You can take bicycles, pushchairs and wheelchairs on board without prior reservation, and there is usually a designated carriage.
Fares vary with distance, but you can expect to pay between £2 and £5 for a day return to a local destination. Fare-dodging is rife, and there has been a crackdown with ticket barriers at some stations (New Street, Snow Hill, Moor Street, Five Ways and University) and on-board checking. The penalty for not having a valid ticket is a £20 on-the-spot fine (which can be contested in court, but is rarely worth the hassle).
From New Street station, the cross-city line runs between Lichfield Trent Valley in the north and Redditch in the south, stopping notably at Sutton Coldfield (for Sutton Park), Aston (for Aston Hall), University (for the University of Birmingham), Bournville (for Cadbury World) and Barnt Green (for Lickey Hills). Local services also run to Hereford (via Worcester and Malvern), Leamington Spa, Northampton (via Birmingham International Airport, Coventry and Rugby), Nuneaton, Shrewsbury (via Wolverhampton), Stafford (via Walsall), Stratford-upon-Avon, Tamworth and Warwick. Additional services to these areas run from Snow Hill and Moor Street stations (they are on the same line), and you may not be able to catch a specific train from New Street.
The Jewellery Quarter station with the rail and Metro lines.
Birmingham has a single 22 km (14 mi) tram line with 31 stops, rather grandly called the West Midlands Metro. It runs between Edgbaston and Wolverhampton, via Brindleyplace, New Street and Snow Hill stations, the Jewellery Quarter, West Bromwich, Wednesbury and Bilston. Further major extensions are taking place in 2022 and subsequent years.
The Metro runs from roughly 6:30AM–11:30PM Monday-Saturday, and 8AM-11PM Sundays and bank holidays. Fares vary with distance but expect to pay around £2 for a single, £ for a return and £ for a day pass (combined bus/train/Metro passes are also available). The full route, timetable and fare information is listed on the Metro website, and there is additional information on the TfWM website.
Water buses and taxis operate out of the canal offices in Gas Street Basin (underneath Broad Street). They also provide tours of the area. Obviously, they are limited to the local canals and are significantly slower than other forms of transport.
Birmingham's city centre is partially pedestrianised and has several unintuitive one-way systems. A car is a viable way of getting around the city and other areas, but a good map or sat-nav is essential.
Birmingham City Council produces a map of city centre car parks (available from tourist information offices). Expect to pay £1 per hour in Pay & Display areas and more on street meters. Parking attendants patrol popular areas regularly, so expect a penalty fee if you return late or being towed away if you're parked illegally.
Car hire is possible in the city centre and at the airport.
A congestion charge of £8 per day applies to vehicles using roads inside the A4540 Middleway ring road. The charge will not apply to low emission vehicles and there will be some initial exemptions for locally registered vehicles.
Motorcycles and mopeds are becoming increasingly popular in Birmingham as a way of avoiding rush hour traffic jams, and usually enjoy free parking in city centre car parks. Although not a lot of car parks have bike areas, there are a number of bays around the centre but none of them have any rails to lock your bike to.
Birmingham has an abundance of taxi ranks all over the city, the best-served being New Street Station. Both hackney carriages and private hire vehicles are easy to find, but you should exercise caution and not get into an unmarked car or one you haven't booked.
Friday and Saturday nights are the busiest times due to clubbers going home in masses, and there can be waits of over an hour if you're somewhere busy like Broad Street.
MiniCabRide LTD, available 24 hours 7 days a week.
AFJ Minibuses, Birmingham Minibus hire available 24 hours a day.
Taxis Birmingham, has an online booking system.
Castle Cars, 13 Oak Tree Ln, Selly Oak, +44 121 472-2222.
Elite Radio Cars, Omnibus Garage, Harborne Ln, Selly Oak, +44 121 415-5000.
Falcon Cars, 211 Monument Rd, +44 121 555-6050.
TOA Taxis, 100 Vivian Rd, Harborne, +44 121 427-8888. All major credit cards accepted with onboard chip & pin facilities.
Big Yellow Taxi LTD, Carpenter Rd, 32 B15 2JH, +44 121 440-7117.
Alternatively the popular ride-sharing app Uber has a licence in the city and there are plenty of drivers around the city centre that can be hailed.
Birmingham doesn't have a reputation for being especially picturesque, but there is a lot of interesting architecture in the city centre that the shops and crowds sometimes obscure. For such a (relatively) large population centre, the countryside (in the form of country parks such as the Lickey Hills, Waseley Hills, etc.) is surprisingly close.
For a place with a strong industrial heritage, Birmingham does not have the large range of historical attractions you may expect, however, this is offset by the arts being extremely well-represented.
Aston Hall, Trinity Rd, Aston (train to Aston or Witton or #7 bus), ☏ +44 121 327-0062, bmag_enquiries@birmingham.gov.uk. Restored Jacobean mansion built between 1618 and 1635, containing period rooms and artwork. Cannon damage from the English Civil War is still visible. The Hall was visited by Arthur Conan Doyle and Washington Irving, inspiring the latter's 'Bracebridge Hall'. Aston Hall by Candlelight is a popular Christmas event that takes place every two years (even numbers) where the whole grounds are lit by candles for 17th-century festivities (fee charged). Closed when Aston Villa are playing at home. Admission to grounds is free. Adult £8. (updated May 2019)
Barber Institute of Fine Arts, University of Birmingham, Edgbaston, B15 2TS (on the University of Birmingham campus, off Edgbaston Park Rd, train to University or #61, #62 or #63 bus), ☏ +44 121 414-7333, fax: +44 121 414-3370, info@barber.org.uk. M-Sa 10AM-5PM, Su noon-5PM. Small gallery with an excellent eclectic permanent collection, including many pre-Raphaelites. Good Britain Guide gallery of the year 2004. Free (donations welcome). (updated Feb 2018)
The Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery is closed until 2024.
IKON Gallery, 1 Oozells Square, Brindleyplace, B1 2HS (off Broad St), ☏ +44 121 248-0708, fax: +44 121 248-0709, marketing@ikon-gallery.co.uk. Tu-Su 11AM-6PM. Small gallery with two or three temporary modern and conceptual art installations. Excellent cafe (see below). Free (donations welcome). (updated Feb 2018)
Lapworth Museum of Geology, University of Birmingham, Edgbaston, B15 2TS (on the University of Birmingham campus, off Edgbaston Park Rd, train to University or #61, #62 or #63 bus). free. (updated Mar 2015)
Sarehole Mill, Cole Bank Rd, Hall Green B13 OBD (#4, #5, #6 #11 buses), ☏ +44 121 777-6612, fax: +44 121 236-1766, sarehole.mill@birminghammuseums.org.uk. Apr-Oct: Tu-Su 11:30AM-4PM (closed Mondays except Bank Holidays). Built in 1765, Sarehole Mill is a fine example of one of more than fifty water mills that existed in Birmingham at one time. Matthew Boulton used the Mill for making buttons and for metal rolling until he moved his operations to Soho in 1761. In the late 1890s Sarehole was the childhood haunt of Hobbit author J.R.R. Tolkien, and famously influenced 'The Shire' in The Lord of the Rings. See website for special events. Nearby is Moseley Bog (see 'Parks and nature', below) a woodland said to have inspired Fangorn Forest. Admission to the grounds is free. Adults £6. (updated Feb 2018)
Royal Birmingham Society of Artists (RBSA), 4, Brook Street (off St. Paul's Square. Metro: St. Paul's Square). Independent art gallery; frequent temporary exhibitions and works for sale. Free entrance. (updated Feb 2018)
Soho House, Soho Ave, Handsworth, B18 5LB (off Soho Rd, Buses: 74, 78 and 79, Metro: Benson Road (there is a steep uphill walk to the house)), ☏ +44 121 554-9122, contact@birmingham.gov.uk. W Th first Su 11:30AM-4PM (plus some Bank Holidays & specal occasions). The elegant home of industrial pioneer Matthew Boulton, who lived at the house from 1766 to 1809. Here, he met with some of the most important scientists, engineers and thinkers of his time: the Lunar Society. Entry by guided tour only: 11:30AM, 1PM and 2:30PM. Adult £7, concession £5, child £3. (updated Feb 2018)
Thinktank, Birmingham Science Museum, Millennium Point, Curzon St, ☏ +44 1212 022222, hello@birminghammuseums.org.uk. W-Su 10AM–5PM (last admission 4PM). A large science museum with lots of hands-on activities, vehicles and industrial machines, however, the activities all smell of their popularity. The museum's central focus is Birmingham's history of manufacturing just about anything. One particularly impressive artefact is James Watt's Smethwick Engine from 1779 which is the oldest working steam engine in the world and was made for a cost of £2,000 (£288,000 when adjusted for inflation to 2024) to manage the boats passing at the canal near Smethwick. IMAX cinema (see Cinema section) and planetarium in the same building. Adult £–, concessions £–, child £–, family and IMAX combination tickets available. (updated Apr 2024)
Museum of the Jewellery Quarter, 75-79 Vyse Street, Hockley, Birmingham B18 6HA, ☏ +44 121 554-3598. Tu-Sa 10:30AM-4PM (last admission one hour before), closed Sunday and Monday except Bank Holiday Mondays. Jewellery workshop abandoned in working condition, later reopened as a museum. Visits are by tour, lasting approximately one hour. Worth seeing, especially in the context of the wider, still working commercial Jewellery Quarter. Adults £7. (updated May 2019)
Birmingham Back to Backs, 55-63 Hurst Street/50-54 Inge Street, B5 4TE, backtobacks@nationaltrust.org.uk. Tours must be booked a few days in advance, usually open Tu-Th 1-5PM, F-Su 10AM-5PM. Last surviving set of these 19th-century cramped, working-class houses in Birmingham, restored and preserved by the National Trust. £.
Stamp room of the Newman Brothers' Coffin Works
The Coffin Works (Newman Brothers Coffin Furniture Factory), 13-15 Fleet St, ☏ +44 121 233 4785, newmanbrothers@coffinworks.org. W-Su 10:45AM-3PM, last tour starts at 3PM. An industrial heritage museum in the Jewellery Quarter, dedicated to educating visitors about the social and industrial history and importance of the site which was in operation as a coffin furniture factory from 1894 to its closure in 1998. Ornaments made by the Newman Brothers decorated the coffins of Sir Winston Churchill, Joseph Chamberlain, and many others. Many of the historic rooms, among which the "stamp" room, can be viewed and visited. Guided tours are highly recommended and start at 1PM, 2PM and 3PM. £ for adults, £ for children, free under age of 5. (updated May 2018)
Blakesley Hall, Blakesley Rd (take bus 97 and get off at Station Road bus stop), ☏ +44 121 348 8120. Tu-Su 11AM-4PM. One of the oldest buildings in Birmingham and a typical example of "black & white" Tudor architecture, constructed in 1590 by Richard Smalbroke as a timber-framed farmhouse. Many historic artefacts are on display in the museum, including authentic candlesticks and pewter goblets. Tours take place at 11:15AM, 12:15PM, 1:15PM and 2:15PM, and last approximately 45 minutes. The Gilbertstone, moved in local folklore by the Giant named Gilbert, is displayed in the grounds of the museum. Adults £7, students and elderly £5, children younger than 15 £3. (updated May 2019)
The West Midlands region has been the hub for automotive production and development ever since the invention of the motor car, and even today two car factories remain operational within the city limits of Birmingham, both offering factory tours. There is also a chocolate factory for some sweeter treats.
Entrance gate to Jaguar Castle Bromwich Assembly
Jaguar Castle Bromwich Assembly, Chester Road, Castle Vale, ☏ +44 24 7620-5716, jbartho1@jaguarlandrover.com. The north of Birmingham hosts Jaguar's Castle Bromwich Assembly plant, which makes most Jaguar models, and especially the high-end ones. Factory visits are available and have to be pre-booked by contacting the Visitors Centre by phone or email.
Cadbury World, Linden Rd, Bournville, B30 2LU (train to Bournville), ☏ +44 845 450 3599. Opening times vary enormously but tend to be daily 10AM-4PM in the spring, summer and autumn. Huge chocolate factory south of the city centre. The tour includes the history of chocolate and the Cadbury company prior to its hostile acquisition by Kraft (now Mondelez), plus a brief look at some of the factory floor. Some free chocolate, plus relatively cheap mis-shapes in the shop. Adult £, concession £, child £; combined train and entry tickets available.
Land Rover. Has its main assembly plant in nearby Solihull. (updated May 2024)
Birmingham's population is very diverse, and communities from just about any country in the world can be found somewhere. This in turn has led to numerous centres for all the world's major religions.
St Philip's Cathedral, Colmore Row, ☏ +44 121 262-1840, enquiries@birminghamcathedral.com. M-F 7:30AM-6:30PM (5PM from late Jul to early Sep), Sa Su 8:30AM-5PM. Church of England cathedral, built between 1709 and 1715 and now the centre of the Diocese of Birmingham. Grade 1 listed building, designed as a parish church in the Baroque style by Thomas Archer. Contains four spectacular pre-Raphaelite stained glass windows by Burne Jones.
Birmingham Peace Pagoda, Osler St, Ladywood, ☏ +44 121 455-0650. Situated in a remote residential corner of Birmingham, the gold-roofed pagoda is a sight to behold. The pagoda is designed as symbol of peace, compassion and the noble exemplary qualities of the Buddha.
St Chad's Cathedral, St Chad's Queensway, ☏ +44 121 236-2251. M-F 8AM-5PM, Sa 9AM-5PM, Su 9AM-1PM. Catholic cathedral built in 1841 and designated a Minor Basilica in 1941. Contains the Shrine of St. Chad.
St. Martin's, surrounded by the Bullring
St Martin in the Bull Ring, Bull Ring (between the shopping complex and the markets). Daily 10AM-5PM. St. Martin is the parish church of Birmingham, or "The Cathedral of the Bull Ring", as some would say. The first church was probably Norman, but was rebuilt in the 13th century. As it stands today, most of the church dates from 1875, though inside you can see the 1325 effigy of the Lord of the Manor Sir William de Bermingham. The church is Grade II* listed.
St. Paul's Church, St. Paul's Square. Grade I-listed Georgian church with Victorian spire (updated Jun 2020)
St. Thomas' Church and Peace Gardens.
Birmingham holds a wealth of architectural heritage from different eras, including also buildings with no touristically viable function. Some of them are listed below.
BT Tower, Lionel St. Completed in 1966, it is the tallest structure in Birmingham at 152 m, and serves solely as the support for transmission antennas mounted atop it. It has no viewing platform or other accessible floors at all, but it can serve as a landmark and orientation point as it is clearly visible from many parts of the city. Its square profile sets it apart from many other similar structures in the world.
Library of Birmingham, Cambridge St / Centenary Square. M-F 8AM-8PM, Sa 9AM-5PM, Su 11AM-4PM. The new ziggurat-shaped library building at Centenary Square was opened in September 2013 to replace the very controversial brutalist Birmingham Central Library in Paradise Circus, which incidentally employs an inverted-ziggurat design and was demolished in 2016. It is the single largest public library in the UK and one of the largest in the whole of Europe. The project, which involved years of planning and preparation and a major architectural contest, was hailed as the cornerstone of Birmingham's urban revival. The building was designed by the Dutch firm Mecanoo architecten, and took four years to be completed. It includes an intricate facade decoration, despite the very simple form of the building, as well as a number of innovative sustainable solutions. To explore the building take the lift to the top (9th) floor to see the Shakespeare Memorial Room, a fine wooden panelled library, which used to be in the city's library built in 1882. There is also a viewing window to look over the city. There are outside garden spaces on the 7th and 3rd floors which give different city views. The four lower floors house the public library, laid out in an impressive style. Free. (updated May 2018)
Bell Edison Telephone Building (The Exchange), 17 & 19 Newhall Street. A signature, Grade-I-listed, building for the red-brick-and-terracota Victorian style prevalent in the late 19th century in Birmingham, which lacked natural stone and battled sooting problems due to air pollution. It is also a symbol of modernisation of Birmingham, as it was built to house the Central Telephone Exchange for the city; the logos of the Bell-Edison company are still visible within the building. As the telephone exchange relocated many decades ago, the building now houses offices and a bar. (updated May 2019)
The Old Crown, 188 High St, Deritend. The Old Crown lays claim to being the oldest building in Birmingham (allegedly standing there since 1368), and retains a timber-framed construction, rare to find in the city. Saved from demolition multiple times, it remains an operational pub until today.
Curzon Street station. The original main railway station of Birmingham, offering connections to London since 1838 and to Liverpool and Manchester since 1839. It was quickly overshadowed by the first Birmingham New Street station, built in 1854, and saw less and less traffic, becoming a goods station only in the 20th century, before being put completely out of use in 1996 with its tracks later dismantled. The only surviving remainder is one wall, and the original station entrance building, which is Grade I listed and quite elegant in form. As of 2022, it stands next to land which is being redeveloped as the terminus for the HS2 railway. The building is not open for visiting. (updated Dec 2022)
Rotunda. The Rotunda was devised as a 25-storey office building in a round shape, from which it derives its name. In many ways, it was a groundbreaking and daring engineering and architectural feat when it was constructed, and because of this is Grade II listed. In the 2000s it was thoroughly refurbished as a residential tower with 232 luxury apartments. Those on floors 19 and 20 are available for short term stays via Staying Cool, who operates them. The building is not accessible to the public.
Hall of Memory, Centenary Square, Broad Street. M-Sa 10AM-4PM. A war memorial built in 1925 for the 12,320 Birmingham citizens killed in the First World War. free. (updated Apr 2018)
Town Hall. A concert venue and meeting hall, known for its occasional lunchtime organ recitals. (updated May 2019)
Council House. The seat of local government. Not open to the public, except for special events and council meetings.
Birmingham School of Art (Birmingham Institute of Art and Design), Margaret Street. Built in 1885 in High Victorian red brick style as a new seat for the Birmingham School of Art, the building retains its original function as its original occupier survived several educational institution mergers and is now the Birmingham Institute of Art and Design within Birmingham City University. The building itself is Grade I listed.
Victoria Law Courts (Magistrates' Court), Corporation Street. A prime example of Birmingham's red-brick-and-terracota architecture, covered not only with deep red terracota on the outside, but also with rich terracota decorations on the inside. Located in the grand Corporation Street among other buildings similar in style. First opened in 1891, it continues to house a court of law, the Birmingham Magistrates' Court.
Methodist Central Hall, 196-224 Corporation Street. The hall was built in 1904 in a similar red-brick-and-terracota style to the Victoria Law Courts it faces. It is distinguished by its tall tower. It also retail premises at street level, some with original shop fronts. The building ceased to perfom its original function and has been converted into a very large night club. It is Grade II listed.
Hudson's Coffee House, 122-124 Colmore Row. The former coffee house is a rare, Grade I listed, example of a wall-to-wall townhouse in the Arts & Crafts style. It was built to house offices of the Eagle Insurance Company in 1900.
Red Palace, 1-7 Constitution Hill. A thin corner building in the red-brick-and-terracota style was devised to house industrial workshops, with incorporated machinery and infrastructure. The building, distinguished by its ornamental tower at the very corner, ended up housing consecutive ethnic restaurants, most recently Syrian.
A pool in the Eastside City Park
There are small parks and green spaces all over the city and suburbs, and the countryside is only about thirty minutes away in any direction. The country parks and nature reserves usually contain a wealth of information about local flora, fauna and conservation efforts.
Birmingham Botanical Gardens & Glasshouses, Westbourne Rd, Edgbaston (#22, #23, #24 or #29 bus), ☏ +44 121 454-1860, admin@birminghambotanicalgardens.org.uk. M-Sa 9AM-7PM, Su 10AM-7PM (closes at 5PM or dusk Oct-Mar). Large botanical gardens with a huge range of plants and workshops throughout the year. £ (concessions £, family tickets available).
Birmingham Nature Centre, Pershore Rd, B5 7RL (#45 or #47 bus, adjacent to Cannon Hill Park), ☏ +44 121 472-7775, fax: +44 121 471-4997, nature.centre@birmingham.gov.uk. Apr-Oct: daily 10AM-5PM; Nov-Mar: Sa Su 10AM-4PM. Six-acre centre with lots of animals and birds, including deer, otters, owls and two rare Red Pandas. Adult £, concessions £, children free.
Cannon Hill Park, Pershore Rd (#45 or #47 bus), ☏ +44 121 442-4226, cannon.hill.park@birmingham.gov.uk. Well-maintained park with flowerbeds, tennis, bowling and water features. Contains tea rooms and the Midlands Arts Centre. Free admission.
Moseley Bog & Joy's Wood Nature Reserve (The Dell), Wake Green Road, Moseley (Bus 2, 3, 3a), ☏ +44 121 454-1199, info@bbcwildlife.org.uk. A small woodland area that is said to be the Inspiration for Fangorn Forest in the Lord of The Rings. The area is well looked after with a series of wooden platforms and walkways creating pathways to follow. A visit can also be linked in with Sarehole Mill (see above), another haunt of young Tolkien. Free.
Cannon Hill Park (just head down Salisbury Road from the centre of Moseley Village). Take a walk around on the Moseley/Edgbaston border. The park has a boating lake and is home to the Midlands Arts Centre. This has a theatre, an 'art-house' cinema and year-round exhibitions.
National Sea Life Centre, Brindleyplace, ☏ +44 121 643-6777, +44 121 633-4700 (info line). 10AM-6PM (last admission M-F 4PM, Sa Su 5PM). Large sea life centre with a multitude of aquatic animals, including piranhas, turtles, sea horses, rays and otters. Feeding demonstrations throughout the day. Adult £, concessions £, family tickets available.
RSPB Sandwell Valley, 20 Tanhouse Ave, Great Barr, B43 5AG (Train to Hamstead; No 16 bus; or signposted from local roads), ☏ +44 121 357-7395, sandwellvalley@rspb.org.uk. Tu-F 9AM-5PM, Sa Su 10AM-5PM (closes at dusk in winter). A bird reserve on the border with Sandwell which organises regular guided walks, talks and family activities. free entrance.
Sutton Park, Sutton Coldfield (train to Sutton Coldfield or #66A bus), ☏ +44 121 355-6370, sutton.park.visitors.centre@birmingham.gov.uk. Enormous (over 900-hectare) park including heathland, wetland, marshes, woodland and lakes. Designated an English Nature National Nature Reserve in 1997. Lots of activities on offer including golf, angling, cycling and bird watching. Free admission.
Winterbourne House and Garden, 58 Edgbaston Park Road, Edgbaston, B15 2RT (on the University of Birmingham campus).
Woodgate Valley Country Park, Bartley Green (#23 bus), ☏ +44 121 421-7575, woodgate.valley.country.park@birmingham.gov.uk. 450-acre meadow, hedgerow and woodland park containing Woodgate Valley Urban Farm and Hole Farm Trekking Centre. Best visited in spring and summer when there are hundred of wild flowers and butterflies. Free.
Eastside City Park. More of a public square than a true park. (updated Jun 2018)
Arena Birmingham seen from the Sealife Centre in 2014
Birmingham hosts some of the largest events, exhibitions and conferences in the country, which may or may not be of interest to a visitor.
National Exhibition Centre (NEC), Marston Green, Solihull (train to Birmingham International or #900 bus), ☏ +44 870 909 4133, cs.boxoffice@necgroup.co.uk. A huge exhibition centre, staging more than 180 exhibitions each year in 21 halls totalling 200,000 m². Also has a 12,000-seat arena hosting national and international sporting and entertainment events. Free-£40 (price varies with event)..
Arena Birmingham (National Indoor Arena), King Edwards Rd., B1 2AA, ☏ +44 870 909 4133, cs.boxoffice@necgroup.co.uk. A fairly large, modern arena hosting many national and international sporting and entertainment events. Prices vary with event and seating. (updated May 2019)
International Convention Centre (ICC), Broad St, ☏ +44 121 200-2000, info@theicc.co.uk. A modern convention centre sharing a building with Symphony Hall.
The Custard Factory, Gibb Street. Self-styled "Birmingham's Creative Quarter" this eclectic venue plays host to various events, as well as club nights on weekends and some weekdays in what was an actual custard factory in its former life. On bigger nights the large pool at the centre of the venue is drained and turned into a dancefloor with a heated marquee over it.
The live music scene in Birmingham is vibrant and varied, and something can be experienced just about any night of the week. Libraries, tourist information offices and music-related bars and shops will stock copies of The Fly or "Ryan's Gig Guide" free publications with exhaustive listings of every music event going on in the city and surrounding area.
Symphony Hall, Broad St, ☏ +44 121 200-2000, +44 121 780-3333 (box office), boxoffice@thsh.co.uk. Internationally renowned concert venue with two to four classical concerts per week. Also offers Sounds Interesting free pre-concert talks. £-40 (price varies with seating. Some £5 tickets available 1 month in advance. Student standbys £ from 10AM or 1PM on performance day).
CBSO Centre, Berkley St (off Broad St), ☏ +44 121 616-6500, +44 121 780-3333 (ticket line), information@cbso.co.uk. Modern rehearsal facilities for the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra (CBSO). Concerts usually once a week, including Centre Stage intimate chamber music. £5-12.
O2 Institute (Digbeth Institute), 78 Digbeth, ☏ +44 121 633-8311, +44 870 907 0999 (ticket line). O2 Institute (formerly The Institute, HMV Institute, etc) is a new name. Focusing on alternative, pop and urban music, the venue has 3 stages, hosting gigs from local and touring bands. Also hosts regular club nights. Tickets £6-25 (price varies with band fame).
O2 Academy Birmingham, 16-18 Horsefair, Bristol St, ☏ +44 121 622-8850, +44 905 020 3999 (info line), mail@o2academybirmingham.co.uk. Relocated from its previous Dale End location, O2 Academy is a large music venue hosting many gigs from local and touring artists. The Venue has 3 separate arenas, O2 Academy, Academy 2 and Academy 3 and each venue may be open consecutively with up to 3 different gigs on some nights. The venue mainly focuses on alternative rock and indie. Weekend gig tickets usually allow entry to the club night going on afterwards. £6-25 (price varies with band fame).
Birmingham Jazz Festival is held in July at multiple venues.
The Rep - Birmingham Repertory Theatre
In addition to the main venues mentioned below, there are several small theatres scattered around the city and the suburbs; pick up a What's On guide from a library or tourist information office for full listings.
Alexandra Theatre, Station St., ☏ +44 870 607 7533. Edwardian theatre showing pre- and post-West End plays and musicals. £6-50 (price varies with seating).
Birmingham Hippodrome, Hurst St, ☏ +44 121 870 730 1234, tickets@birminghamhippodrome.com. Large, refurbished theatre showing varied performing arts, including ballet, musicals, comedy, opera and drama. Home of the Patrick Centre for the Performing Arts and the Birmingham Royal Ballet. Preferred venue for the Welsh National Opera. £6-50 (price varies with seating. Concessions £3-5 off or £10-15 student & seniors (plus non-student/senior friend) standby 24 hours in advance. 3%-6% transaction fee if not paying by cash).
Crescent Theatre, 20 Sheepcote St (off Broad St), ☏ +44 121 643-5858. Box office M-F 4:30PM-7PM, Sa noon-7PM. Independent local theatre company performing both old and modern plays. £7-12 (concessions £1 off).
Midlands Arts Centre (MAC). See Cinema. £5-20.
Old Rep Theatre, Station Street, ☏ +44 121 303-2323, boxoffice@birmingham.gov.uk. Home of the Birmingham Stage Company, puts on both professional and amateur productions. £5-15.
Repertory Theatre (The Rep), Centenary Square, Broad Street, ☏ +44 121 236-4455, stage.door@birmingham-rep.co.uk. Well-established theatre putting on classical and modern plays. Supports new work through The Door. £5-15.
Old Joint Stock Theatre, 4 Temple Row West. In a beautiful 1864 building that was built as a bank, this intimate (only 95 seats) theatre hosts guest performances, two resident companies, a Musical Theatre Group, and a regular Theatre Group. It is the main venue for the comedic Foghorn Improv. Downstairs is a pub in the preserved Victorian bank hall with a glass dome and lavish decorations.
The Electric Cinema in Station Street
Birmingham's cinemas are quite reasonably priced due to stiff competition for the student market. Don't expect a huge range of "alternative" films, as even the independent places screen mainstream blockbusters to keep their revenues up.
mac (Midlands Arts Centre), Cannon Hill Park, Edgbaston/Moseley (#1, #45 or #47 bus), ☏ +44 121 440-3838, info@macarts.co.uk. M-Sa 9AM-11PM, Su 9AM-10:30PM. The mac, located in the leafy suburb of Edgbaston has a small but perfectly formed arthouse cinema, and a cafe, hosts art exhibitons, and is a concert and theatre venue. £6 (concessions £).
The Giant Screen, Millennium Point, Curzon St., ☏ +44 121 202-2222, findout@thinktank.ac. Daily 10AM-5PM. Part of the Thinktank science museum. 2D and 3D films shown on an enormous (five story) screen. Some mainstream films, mainly documentaries. £ (concessions £, children under 16 £, family and joint Thinktank tickets available).
AMC, 220 Ladywood Middleway, Broadway Plaza, ☏ +44 870 755 5657. Daily 10AM-1AM. A large modern multiplex showing recent mainstream films. £5 (£ concessions and before 6:30PM).
Cineworld, 181 Broad St, ☏ +44 871 200 2000. Daily 10AM-1AM. A large modern multiplex showing recent mainstream films. £ (£ concessions and before 6:30PM, family tickets available).
Odeon, New Street, ☏ +44 871 224 4007. Cinema showing mainstream films, near to Bullring shopping centre and New Street station. You can't really call it much of a multiplex. It is a 1930s building with very few screens and the seats are so close together your legs hurt after the advertisements. £ (£4 before 5PM M-F).
Vue, 29 Star City, ☏ +44 871 224 0240. Multiplex within the Star City entertainment complex north east of the town center (which also boasts restaurants, bars, nightclubs, bowling and a large casino). The cinema offers 24 screens, including 3 gold class screens with larger, more comfortable seats, at-seat service, free popcorn and a bar. £ (£8-15 for gold class).
Birmingham Community Leisure Trust centres are liberally scattered throughout Birmingham, typically offering swimming pools, sports courts, fields and exercise equipment, all available at much lower prices than you'd expect to pay at privately-run gyms. There's also plenty of golf courses, both municipal and private, across the city including the world famous Belfry complex.
Football: the Birmingham conurbation has three professional soccer teams.
Aston Villa play at  Villa Park, B6 6HE (Bus 7 or train from New Street to Witton), ☏ +44 871 423 8100, ticketsales@astonvilla-fc.co.uk. Villa were promoted in 2019 and now play in the Premier League, England's top tier. Their 42,736-capacity stadium is 2 miles north of city centre. The women's team plays in the Women's Super League, their top tier, with home games in Boldmere, Sutton Coldfield. (updated May 2022)
Birmingham City play at  St Andrews, Cattell Rd B9 4RL (Train to Bordesley), ☏ +44 871 226 1875, ticket.office@bcfc.com. City were relegated in 2024 and now play in League One, the third tier. Their 30,016 capacity stadium is one mile east of city centre. The women's team play in the Women's Championship, their second tier, with home games at Solihull Moor. (updated May 2024)
West Bromwich Albion play at  The Hawthorns, Halfords Lane B71 4LF (train or tram to Hawthorns), ☏ +44 121 524 3470. West Brom were relegated in 2021 and now play in the Championship, the second tier. Their stadium, capacity 26,800, is four miles northwest of Birmingham city centre. (updated May 2022)
Cricket:  Edgbaston Cricket Ground (County Ground), B5 7QU, ☏ 0870 062 1902 (non-geographic number), info@edgbaston.com. Stadium of 25,000 capacity, home of Warwickshire County Cricket Club, one of the 18 "First Class Counties" comprising the first tier of English cricket. These county matches last 3-4 days, day tickets £6-£15, and you'll find few others there for a mid-week county match. Edgbaston frequently also hosts international (or "Test") matches, lasting up to 5 days, day tickets £20-£70. Also playing here are Birmingham Phoenix men's and women's teams in The Hundred short game. The stadium is a mile south of city centre, walk along Pershore Rd (A441), or take bus 45 or 47. (updated Aug 2023)
Alexander Stadium, Stadium Way, Perry Barr, B42 2LR, ☏ +44 121 344-4858, alexander.stadium@birmingham.gov.uk. Alexander Stadium, situated in Perry Barr, is Birmingham's only large athletics stadium and plays host to international meets and trials to decide the English/British teams for major events as well as being the base for the Birchfield Harriers athletics club. The stadium's various sporting facilities are also open to public use. £1-2, capacity 7,000.
Rugby league: Midlands Hurricanes play the 13-a-side game at Alexander Stadium in League One the third tier. The playing season is Feb-Sept.
Rugby Union: Moseley play 15-a-side in National League One, the third tier. Their home ground is on Billesley Common 4 miles south of city centre.
Edgbaston Priory, Sir Harrys Rd, Edgbaston, B15 2UZ, ☏ +44 121 440 2492, ann.pendrey@edgbastonpriory.com. Edgbaston Priory is the main tennis club in Birmingham, with 29 tennis courts, 10 squash courts, 2 swimming pools and a gym available to the public. Every June the club also hosts the DFS Classic, a woman's tennis tournament that acts as a warm-up for Wimbledon. DFS Classic tickets £8-20.
The Belfry, Lichfield Rd, Sutton Coldfield, B76 9PR, ☏ 0870 900 0066 (non-geographic number), enquiries@thebelfry.com. The Belfry Golf Club runs three courses just to the north east of Birmingham, including the world famous Brabazon course which has been used for the Ryder Cup and continues to play host to tournaments on the PGA European Tour. Green fees £25-140, tournament spectator tickets £-20.
Grand Prix Karting, Adderley Rd South, B8 1AD, ☏ +44 121 327-7700. Large go-karting centre just east of the city centre. £10-50.
The Ackers, Golden Hillock Rd, Small Heath, B11 2PY, ☏ +44 121 772-5111, info@ackers-adventure.co.uk. The Ackers is an outdoor activity centre offering a range of activities, ranging from kayaking and archery to rock climbing and dry slope skiing. Prices vary depending on activity. Skiing/snowboarding sessions £11 for one hour.
Birmingham Speedway, Perry Barr Stadium, Aldridge Road, Perry Barr, B42 2ET, ☏ +44 870 840 7410. Open W 7:45PM. Premier League speedway racing.
Creation Skate Park, 582 Moseley Rd, ☏ +44 121 449 8000. skateboarding or BMX-ing
Drayton Manor, B78 3TW, ☏ +44 870 872 5252, info@draytonmanor.co.uk. Located just outside Tamworth in Staffordshire, is the fourth most popular theme park in the UK, with 35 rides set in 280 acres of land as well as a 15 acre zoo. To get to the park during school holidays simply catch the special E22 bus in the mornings (typically just before 9 and 10) from Carrs Lane stop DK (near the Pavilions Shopping Centre). A return ticket should cost £10. Outside of school holidays you'll need to catch bus 110, which runs every half hour from Bull Street stop BF (near Snow Hill station) and get off at Fazeley. The return fare is £4. If you're unsure of where exactly the stop is (and it's easy to miss) ask the driver to signal you when you need to get off. Admission £.
Brasshouse Language Centre (within the Library of Birmingham, off Broad St), ☏ +44 121 303 0114. Specialist language centre offering courses in over 30 languages, from beginners up to degree level. Also offers TEFL, residential courses and distance learning. (updated May 2019)
There are also regular workshops at places such as the Midlands Arts Centre (see Cinema) and the Country Parks (see Parks and nature).
The vast number of shops, bars and restaurants in the city centre means that there is rarely a shortage of menial job vacancies. You will often see positions for minimum wage service or retail positions advertised in windows. There are also a lot of temping agencies able to find temporary office, driving and other jobs for travellers packing suits and CVs.
Birmingham Broad Street Jobcentre, Centennial House, 100 Broad St, ☏ +44 121 480 3800.
Birmingham City Jobcentre Plus, 65-77 Summer Row, Ladywood, ☏ +44 121 237 8300.
Since the beginning of the 21st century Birmingham has developed enormously as a regional shopping centre, with the old Bull Ring complex (once a notorious 1960s eyesore) being demolished to make way for a large shopping centre that includes Selfridges.
The city and suburbs have the usual assortment of supermarkets, newsagents and corner shops. The city centre is especially well-served, with three Tesco, two Sainsbury's and one Co-op outlets.
Bullring. Regionally-important shopping mall, connected to Grand Central
The Mailbox. Home to the region's only Harvey Nichols, as well as many other designer boutiques.
Grand Central. Located directly above New Street Station. The mall provides a fast link from the Bullring directly into New Street Station, with relatively little pedestrian traffic. (updated Nov 2023)
Martineau Place. Martineau Place is a small shopping centre, which holds a Gap, H&M, O'Neill Store and Freespirit, as well as an obligatory Starbucks Coffee House.
Great Western Arcade. A traditional shopping arcade built in 1875 over the Great Western railway line, which cut through the city. It has an ornate entrance on the Temple Row side, and a less impressive one from Colmore Row and a clock with carillion. There is a mixture of all kinds of shops, all pleasantly fitting within the late 19th-century theme with their decorations.
Picadilly Arcade, New Street. A historic shopping arcade with painted plafonds and a potpourri of specialist premises right next to the New Street station.
The principal shopping streets are New Street, High Street and Corporation Street. All include the usual assortment of high street chain-stores and discount outlets. Birmingham's High Street has become run down as of late, holding mainly discount stores, due to the attraction of the Bull Ring to larger name stores. However, New Street, going towards Victoria Square has many upmarket stores.
Bull Ring Markets, The Bull Ring, ☏ +44 121 303-0300, marketstalls@birmingham.gov.uk. Indoor Market: M-Sa 9AM-5:30PM, Rag Market: Tu Th-Sa 9AM-5PM, Open Market: Tu-Sa 9AM-5PM. The markets comprise the original trading centre that Birmingham was built upon. There are hundreds of stalls, and you'll be able to get everything from food to underwear to gaffa tape relatively cheaply.
Worlds Apart (known for decades as Nostalgia & Comics), 14-16 Smallbrook Queensway, B5 4EN, ☏ +44 121 643 0143. M-Sa 9:30AM–5:30PM, Su 11AM-4PM. Comics, graphic novels, manga and the usual alternative oddities. Ideal if you want to catch up on your favourite series while on the road.
Oasis, 112-114 Corporation St, ☏ +44 121 233 4488. M-Sa 10AM-5PM. A large and intertwining collection of several small retailers over four floors, specialising in goth and alternative clothing and accessories.
The Jewellery Quarter. To the north of the city centre, specialises in jewellery and contains many small workshops and retailers.
Day In, The Arcadian Centre, ☏ +44 121 622 6182. Chinese supermarket with a wide range of Asian foods.
One Earth Shop, 54 Allinson St, Digbeth, ☏ +44 121 632 6909. M-Sa 10AM-5PM. Speciality vegan wholefoods and other ethical essentials.
Farmer's Market (in the centre of the village). 4th Saturday of every month. There is a selection of farm produce, but many stalls selling all manner of local foodstuffs (pies, jam, deli foods, etc.). It was a finalist in the best farmer's market in the UK competition.
Moseley Arts Market. 4th Saturday of the month, March - December.. Specialist arts and crafts from the best local designers, makers and artisans
Woodbridge Gallery, 47 Woodbridge Road, ☏ +44 121 449 5581. is a small gallery in a someone's back-yard! It's only open for specific exhibitions which last a few days at a time. These usually display work by local artists. There is no admission charge.
Nima Delicatessan, 103 Alcester Road, ☏ +44 121 442 4205. A well-stocked deli, selling cooked meats, cheese, coffee and a wide selection of ethnic and organic foods and ingredients.
Birmingham is the balti capital of England, and the balti was invented here in 1977. It is a type of curry served in a thin, pressed-steel wok called a "balti bowl". The much-promoted "balti triangle" covers around 50 restaurants on Ladypool Road and Stratford Road in Sparkbrook (often referred to as Little Somalia), about 2 miles south of the city centre. Travel West Midlands has a deal with eight of the larger eateries whereby you can get a 15% discount for travelling by bus, pick up a Balti Triangle by Bus leaflet for full details. A taxi to the area will take around 10 minutes and cost £5. Although the area looks a bit run-down, there is little crime as the abundance of restaurants ensure that the streets are always busy.
Restaurants at the canal side of The Mailbox
Birmingham has a large student population, and the usual cottage industries have sprung up in campus areas to cater for their lack of cash. There are around a dozen cheap eateries in the Selly Oak area of Bristol Road, mainly Indian but also Chinese, Italian and English.
The usual fast food chains, kebab shops and burger vans are also scattered around the city and surrounding areas.
Eat4Less, 92 New St. Breakfast sandwiches are generous in size and tasty. Known for their baguettes but also do burgers, pizzas, omelettes and jacket potatoes. (updated Feb 2023)
Grand Central Kitchen, 7 Stephenson St. Perfect English breakfast. You can fully comprehend why there is a queue outside on a Sunday for breakfast because the food is so good. (updated Feb 2023)
Tortilla Birmingham, Stephenson Pl. Tasty from the burritos to the chips and the sauces. The meat is tender and juicy and the flavours are distinct and bold. (updated Feb 2023)
The Chicken Hut, 201 Corporation St. Fire food, try the supreme burger. A chicken steak burger for £2 (April 2021). (updated Feb 2023)
Caspian Pizza, 187 Corporation St. Lovely vegetarian panini. The seating is comfortable and the overall decor is nice. (updated Feb 2023)
LEON New Street Station, 25 Station Street New Street. Leon serves high quality tasty food and extremely quickly when on the move. They have a great vegan selection as well. Relaxing atmosphere and wonderful decor. (updated Feb 2023)
Baguettes 4 Less, 108 Corporation St. Nice baguettes. The jacket potatoes are good quality, well filled and piping hot. (updated Nov 2022)
Canalside Cafe, 35 Worcester Bar, Gas St, ☏ +44 121 248-7979. Fairly small cafe with a good range of organic and vegetarian foods. Excellent in the summer, as it's (unsurprisingly) right on the canalside. (updated Feb 2023)
Cafe Face, 519 Bristol Rd, Selly Oak, ☏ +44 121 415-4651. Excellent reputation for their roasted vegetables or jacket potatoes. Absolutely excellent cafes, big helpings not shy on the cheese, garlic mayonnaise and chilli sauce if you were to order them. (updated Feb 2023)
Whats Cooking: Rooster Chicken (Rooster House), Bottom of Harrow Road. Delicious, slightly suspect chicken in huge quantities but don't order off the board or you'll be waiting all day (updated Feb 2023)
Java Roastery, 115 Alcester Rd, ☏ +44 121 347 6610. An internet cafe offering a wide selection of hot drinks and cakes. Probably more genuine cafe that happens to do internet connections, than your typical scummy internet cafe. (updated Feb 2023)
Statue of Boulton, Watt and Murdoch in Broad Street
Yorks Cafe, Ikon Gallery, 1 Oozells Square, Brindleyplace, ☏ +44 121 293 9186. M noon-11PM, Tu-Sa 11AM-11PM, Su 11AM-6PM. Modern cafe attached to the art gallery with efficient and friendly staff. Another branch is at Stephenson Street, B2 4BH. £6-20 (Aug 2020). (updated Feb 2023)
Chung Ying Cantonese Restaurant, 16-18 Wrottesley St (off Hurst St), ☏ +44 121 622-5669. The Chinese Restaurant in Birmingham, established since 1981. Opposite Arcadian Centre. (updated Feb 2023)
The Kitchen Garden Cafe, 17 York Road, Kings Heath. Picturesque area in the middle of a busy and bustling Birmingham suburb. Quality vegetarian options and excellent service. (updated Feb 2023)
Pasta Di Piazza, 11 Brook St (St. Paul's Square), ☏ +44 121 236-5858. Daily noon-midnight. Upmarket Italian place, can be a bit crowded. (updated Feb 2023)
Wagamama bullring, Bullring plaza, (under Borders), B5 4QL, ☏ +44 121 633-6033. M-Sa noon-11PM, Su 12:30PM-10PM. Birmingham's restaurant of the Wagamama chain, tidy and minimal inside with a good, varied noodle menu. Specials change frequently and there are a few good vegetarian dishes. Can get busy, with a typical wait from 10-15 minutes during peak shopping times. (updated Feb 2023)
Sabai Sabai, 25 Woodbridge Road, ☏ +44 121 449 4498. Thai cuisine, excellent value and quality, although often full and some find it a little packed/claustrophobic. (updated Feb 2023)
Kabbabish, 29 Woodbridge Road. An up-market balti house. (updated Feb 2023)
La Plancha, 113 Alcester Road, ☏ +44 121 449 5303. A Spanish tapas bar/restaurant. Bar area downstairs with seating and a tapas menu, upstairs a restaurant with a wider menu. Pretty authentic Spanish fare. (updated Feb 2023)
The Fighting Cocks, 1 St Mary's Row (Alcester Road), ☏ +44 121 449 0811. Very pleasant pub with a youngish crowd in the centre offering a selection of traditional pub food and more modern dishes and vast selection of beers and wine. Not cheap for pub food slow service but good quality. (updated Feb 2023)
Birmingham has quite a few upmarket places, mainly due to the number of high-rolling businesspeople that drift in for conferences and other dealings.
Rectory Bar & Restaurant, 50-54 St Pauls Square, ☏ +44 121 605-1001. Ideal venue for both drinking and dining with a fabulous reputation for food. Quality steaks, fresh fish, set price menu and superb wine list. The bar is vibrant every weekend and is open to 1AM. It's a stylish place but friendly and attracts a great mix of people. (updated Feb 2023)
Zen Metro, 73 Cornwall St, ☏ +44 121 200-1911. Seasonal seafood, pasta, salads and cocktails. (updated Feb 2023)
The Jam House, 1 St. Paul's Square, ☏ +44 121 200-3030, info@thejamhouse.com. Varied menu and live music most nights. (updated Feb 2023)
Purnell's, 55 Cornwall St, ☏ +44 121 212-9799. One Michelin star. £100+. (updated Feb 2023)
Considering its size, Birmingham does not have a wide range of vegetarian-specific places to eat. All the eateries mentioned above will have vegetarian options, but the Indian and Chinese places tend to have better variety. If you are vegan ask for your balti/curry to be cooked without ghee (clarified butter). Naan breads are generally not vegan whilst rotis are.
Jyoti, 569-571 Stratford Rd, Hall Green (4 miles south of the city. #5 or #6 bus), ☏ +44 121 766-7199. Excellent Indian food, but relatively small portions. Extremely popular, so book ahead. (updated Feb 2023)
The Warehouse Cafe, 54 Allison St, ☏ +44 121 633-0261. Wholesome organic vegetarian and vegan fare. Closely linked with Friends of the Earth.
Mr Singh's, 103 Cornwall Rd, ☏ +44 121 552-3529. Handsworth Wood. Vegan and vegetarian pizza restaurant. (updated Feb 2023)
Land Restaurant, 26 Great Western Arcade, B2 5HU, ☏ +44 121 236 2313, restaurant@land-restaurant.co.uk. Tu-Th noon-2:30PM, 5-8:30PM; F Sa noon-2:30PM, 5-9PM. Plant focused, casual dining restaurant. Dishes highlight seasonal ingredients. £12-40 (April 2021). (updated Feb 2023)
Dress code restrictions are rather common in Birmingham clubs, so be careful to check out each club's policy. Many clubs refuse to admit large groups of males in case of trouble, so go individually or in small groups. The usual excuse that door-staff give is that someone in the party is wearing the wrong type of shoes/coat/trousers etc. The general rule of thumb is no effort, no entry. This usually means shoes, not trainers, and a shirt, not a T-shirt. At the same time being dressed like that can be a hindrance, if you go to one of the cooler bars. It's best to check with someone who's been to the particular bar before. There are a number of areas in the city centre, which are defined below, but other areas to look for a night out are Moseley, Harborne and Selly Oak.
If you are looking for the average drink, virtually any pub or bar will do. If you are a real ale aficionado, there are several excellent pubs to visit, where dress restrictions do not usually apply. Highlights include The Wellington (Bennets Hill), The Shakeseare (Summer Row), another The Shakeseare (Lower Temple Street), The Old Contemptables (Edmund Street, near Snow Hill Station), and the Post Office Vaults (New Street).
The Mailbox viewed from the front, across The Queensway inner ring road
Bull, 1 Price St, B4 6JU, ☏ +44 121 333-6757. Quiet and comfortable pub, in the Gun quarter. Home-cooked food, too.
Figure of Eight, 236 Broad St, B1 2HG, ☏ +44 121 633-0917. Large city centre pub belonging to the Wetherspoon chain.
Bacchus, Burlington Arcade, ☏ +44 121 616-7991. Cheerfully ornate, gothic style cellar bar beneath The Burlington Hotel. Discretely hidden just off the bustling New Street. Bacchus is a relaxing oasis away from the buzz of the City Centre. A range of real ales is available. Over 21s only.
Craven Arms, Upper Gough Street, ☏ +44 121 643-6756. Situated out of the rear of the Mailbox complex, has great traditional blue tiled exterior.
Edmunds Lounge Bar and Eatery, 106-110 Edmund Street, ☏ +44 121 200-2423. Popular venue in the financial part of town, great food available every day. Known for quality pub food from local suppliers. £8-12.
The Malt House, 74 King Edwards Road, B1 2NX (sandwiched between the ICC and the NIA along the canal), ☏ +44 121 633-4171. Noon-11PM. Make no mistake this is a chain pub serving standard food and drinks. However, when the sun is shining it is difficult to find a nicer place to drink along Birmingham's canals as there is a plethora of outdoor seating. Visited by Bill Clinton during his Birmingham visit.
Old Fox, 54 Hurst St, ☏ +44 121 622-5080.
Old Joint Stock, 4 Temple Row West, B2 5NY (Faces St. Philips cathedral), ☏ +44 121 200-1892. Superbly decorated pub in a Grade II listed former bank. Sells mainly Fullers' beers.
Old Royal, 53 Church St,B3 2DP, ☏ +44 121 200-3841. Single bar with large-screen TV. The pub is popular with office workers.
The Queens Arms, 150 Newhall Street, ☏ +44 121 236-3710. A great place to watch live sport and the venue of the best quiz night in Birmingham every Thursday night. It's just £1 to enter and there's no limit on the size of the teams. A great night out for seasoned quiz-goers and first-timers alike. Homemade pizzas and a sausage selection giving a fresh choice every day, also has two for one offers every weekday. Great place for traditional ales and a Cask Marque award winner. £5-12 per dish.
The Wellington, Bennets Hill (Just of Colmore Row), ☏ +44 121 200-3115. An outstanding and frequently-changing selection of well-kept real ales, lagers, ciders and perry (the current list can be viewed on-line), run by knowledgeable CAMRA members. No food served, but condiments, cutlery and crockery are available to people bringing their own (supermarkets and fast-food premsises are nearby).
The Birmingham Council House at night, during the Frankfurt Christmas Market
In the middle of Birmingham's rather small Chinatown, is an open-air shopping arcade with mostly Chinese supermarkets and restaurants. Right in the middle though, it's all bars. It tends to be a bit quieter and less rowdy than Broad street and has some of the better clubs in the city. The dress code around here is extremely strict in regard to logos on clothes, those are a definite no! Most of the bars are interchangeable, but recommended are:
Sobar. Supposedly a noodle bar, as evidence by a small noodle based menu. Really this is just a pretty decent bar. It stocks the standard beers and drinks as well as a number of rarer Asian beers. Has a number of extremely comfortable sofas.
Bambu. One of the best, but also one of the most pretentious clubs in Birmingham. It's not cheap but is still the place to be seen. The dress code here is very hard to define, they want "cool". (updated May 2018)
Broad Street is regarded as the centre of nightlife in Birmingham
Broad Street, the No 1 party street of Birmingham, has a large range of clubs, bars and pubs. This is a good location for a decent English Friday night. However, at the same time it is one of the more rowdy areas, and if trouble happens it will normally be on this road. The chances of this affecting you are slim. Just of to the side of this road is Brindleyplace, a classier and better area of bars, clubs and restaurants. Recommended bars are:
Revolution. Chain vodka bar. A cut above the normal for Broad Street, though it does get crowded. Great range of Vodka's.
The Works. Big 3 room club, with a variety of music. Great for kids. Over 23's will feel ancient in here.
The Pitcher and Piano. Canal side bar with a decent range of beers. Perfect for a nice lunch time drink in the summer months, sitting outside by the canal.
The Prince Of Wales, King Edward St (behind the I.C.C. 2 minutes from Broad St). Victorian pub with decent menu & many types of fine ales, worth a visit for the beer!
Late night swans on a Birmingham canal
Birmingham has a large Irish community and many Irish pubs. Most of the city centre ones are spread along Digbeth High Street beginning with The Bullring Tavern near the Bull Ring and finishing with The Rainbow near Camp Hill.
Some recommendations in Digbeth are:
Anchor, 308 Bradford St, ☏ +44 121 622-4516. Victorian pub near Digbeth Coach Station. Grade II listed. (updated Jun 2018)
Woodman, 106 Albert St, ☏ +44 121 643-1959. Grade II listed. Opposite the Thinktank at the Millennium Point. (updated Jun 2018)
Every two weeks an indie night called Panic! is held at the Sanctuary in Dibgeth.
For a more eclectic mix of music and people take a look at the Medicine Bar in the Custard Factory just off the A34 in Digbeth (it's the big blue building).
The Custard Factory, Gibb Street, Hosts a range of nights, from Drum n Bass to Electro, not to be missed.
The Rainbow Pub, An eclectic pub that hosts a variety of nights, one of the best places in Birmingham and is soon to be shut down. Also visit the Rainbow Warehouse, around the corner which is big on the rave scene and often joins with the Rainbow pub to host street parties such as S.L.A.G.
Birmingham has a vibrant and visible gay scene centred around Hurst Street. Every Spring Bank Holiday this area, often referred to by locals as the Gay Village, hosts a gay-pride festival while its bars and clubs attract people from across the Midlands all year round. Hurst Street is well policed and homophobic attacks are rare, though the local fundamentalists may try to 'save your soul'. Birmingham is as gay friendly as Manchester, Brighton, and Blackpool. Birmingham has a large number of gay venues, the best being the Village, Eden, Equator, The Loft Lounge and the Queens Arms. The Fountain and Bolts are men only bars.
Many of the more up-market bars and restaurants are located around St. Paul's Square in the Jewellery Quarter. This is also home to the Jam House, Birmingham's premier jazz club.
The Vault. Open Thursday till Saturday, 5PM till late. A upscale restaurant bar occupying the vaulted underpinnings of an imposing Victorian building with signature exposed brickwork, bespoke furniture, polished wooden flooring.
Vertu Bar. Regularly showcases live music on a Thursday evening and showcases various nights including ‘Rizen’ on a Friday where the house DJ plays funky and electro house.
Harborne was once a separate village, is now a mainly residential area a bit North of Birmingham University. The old village center, along Harborne High Street, now has a lot of pubs with a mixed crowd; students, faculty and others. There's a tradition among the crazier students; try to have a half pint in every pub in Harborne in one evening. With over 20 pubs and several km of walking involved, and the limited opening hours of British pubs, this takes some doing.
The Bell, 11 Old Church Rd, ☏ +44 121 427-0931. Next to St Peter's Church, this cosy and quiet pub gets busy because of its attraction.
The Plough, 21 High St, B17 9NT. Cosy, moderately priced, popular with medical and nursing students. pizza £10 -14, wine from £ per glass. (updated May 2016)
The Junction, 212 High Street, Harborne, ☏ +44 121 428-2635. An odd V shaped pub as the name suggests on the junction of the High Street and Vivian Road. A really nice pub sells some real ales and good selection of lagers. Sells good pub grub as well.
The Bartons Arms, 144 High St, Aston, B6 4UP (On A34 north of City Centre, and on many bus routes, including #8, inner circle), ☏ +44 121 333-5988. Comprehensive Thai menu and bar snacks. Refurbished after having been derelict. Noted for its near-original and highly elaborate Victorian interior. Former customers include Ozzy Osbourne and Laurel and Hardy. (updated Jun 2018)
Canal in Brindleyplace on New Year's Eve
The city hosts some of Britain's most popular clubs and events. Student nights are especially fun, with cheap drink and entry offers and busy clubs. Do not miss out on visiting at least one of these brilliant events:
Gatecrasher, Broad Street. Now the biggest club in Birmingham.
Ramshackle. Giving visitors a brilliant experience of the UK and International indie scene combined with fantastic prices. Held at the 2000+ capacity Carling Academy, Dale End.
Snobs. Very similar to Ramshackle; with DJs offering more focus on up and coming music, also with a 1960s room. "Big Wednesday"'s are big with the large student population Birmingham has, with shots at just £1 each all night.
A line of geese swim across a pool of reflected lights from the Mailbox restaurants.
Risa, Broad Street. One of the most popular clubs among students in Birmingham. Still it is good fun on Monday and Wednesday night.
Rococo Lounge, Broad Street. Best for R'n'B on Broad Street. Get there early on Sundays. Cheap drinks promotion.
Indi Bar (based in Arcadian Centre, China Town). Dance and R'n'B. Guest DJs
Nightingales, Hurst Street. Birmingham's most famous gay club. Often has guest performers
Rainbow Warehouse. A warehouse club next to the Rainbow pub in Digbeth which hosts a variety of underground events playing Dubstep, Drum & Bass, Breakbeat, and Techno. Check for events.
PST. Located in Digbeth, PST is a private members club offering underground reggae nights. Check for events.
Hare & Hounds. A live music venue located in the Kings Heath district, which has earned its reputation hosting nightly events including artists and DJs across almost all musical genres.
Bull's Head. A live music venue located in the Moseley district, the upstairs transforms into an intimate club environment open til 2AM on Fridays & Saturdays.
The Patrick Kavanagh, 142 Trafalgar Road,, ☏ +44 121 449 2598. A 20-somethings pub named after the Irish poet.
The Prince of Wales, 118 Alcester Rd., ☏ +44 121 449 4198. A traditional English pub bought by La Plancha; wide range of real ales.
The Cuban Embassy (The Bull's Head), 23 St Mary's Row, ☏ +44 121 258 2857. Has an affiliation with the Custard Factory in the city centre.
La Plancha, 113 Alcester Rd, ☏ +44 121 449 5303. A tapas bar opened in 2005.
If you want a more social feel to your stay why not try one of the hostels the city has to offer.
Birmingham Central Backpackers, 58 Coventry St (Digbeth), ☏ +44 121 643-0033. Birmingham's only independent hostel features a central location only streets from The Bull Ring, and next to the nightclubs of Digbeth. Beds in a shared dorm can be found for as little as £9 if you've got a sharp eye out and both breakfast and various foods in the evening are included, making it the West Midlands only half-board hostel. It is in the oldest part of the city, right near where the original manor house once stood. The area can look a little uninviting (this is what you will find outside the very centre of this industrial city), but the hostel makes up for it by being socially inviting (films/football can be watched and they have a Wii, playstation and xbox) and, as mentioned, still being close to The Bull Ring. They offer nightly events such as quiz night, beer tasting, movie nights and disco, and the common room is probably the best around.
Hatters Birmingham, 92-95 Livery Street (Jewellery Quarter), ☏ +44 121 236-4031. Less than a 10-minute walk to the centre, Hatters Birmingham have upped the norm in hostel accommodation boasting all ensuite rooms and a common room. Price includes bed linen & a free light breakfast which is served all day. From £.
Bilberry Hill Residential Centre. For groups looking for accommodation in the scenic Lickey Hills, but with easy access to the centre.
The Paragon hotel was the only Rowton House, or a long-stay hotel for working men of low means, built outside of London. Designed by an architect specializing in army barracks, it retains its original ambiance.
There is ample choice of hotels in the economy sector in Birmingham.
Campanile, Chester St. If you are travelling by car and on a budget, Campanile is your friend wherever you go - the rooms could not be more simple, but the locations are usually very convenient at motorway junctions. In Birmingham, it is north of town, where the A4540 ringroad meets the A38, which goes straight into the city, and has the added benefit of being located over the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal lock.
Comfort Inn, Station Street. Comfort Inn is a brand of non-standardized properties where price often trumps modern comforts, and this hotel is no exception. It also boasts a location right in front of the New Street station.
Gables Hotel, 43 Oxford Road, ☏ +44 121 449-1146. mid-priced and provide easy access to the centre of Moseley Village but in need of refurbishment.
Hampton by Hilton Birmingham Broad Street, Broad Street. Contemporary 3-star hotel offering 285 stylish rooms, free WiFi and complimentary breakfast.
Hampton by Hilton Birmingham City North, 98-104 Constitution Hill. The new Hampton brings some colour to Birmingham's economy hotel market, merging new with old as it is located in a building dating back to 1910. Its name honestly describes its location northwest of the city centre.
Holiday Inn Express Birmingham-Snow Hill, 1 Snow Hill Plaza. The tall tower with 224 rooms has relatively large common areas and everything expected of a Holiday Inn Express, including free WiFi and breakfast included in the room price. It replaces the older property which now became the ibis Styles.
ibis Birmingham Bordesley. The slightly out-of-town ibis is more of an option for motorists, situated at a large roundabout of the A45 circling the city. It is one of the older ibis hotels in the UK.
ibis Birmingham Centre, Ladywell Walk. A standard and slightly dated ibis hotel in the very centre of the city
ibis Birmingham Holloway Circus, 55 Irving Street,. This is an older ibis whose suburban style belies its location close to the business district and the Holloway Circus evoked in the name.
ibis Budget Birmingham Centre (formerly Etap Hotel), Great Colmore Street. Offering perhaps the cheapest hotel stays in Birmingham, the ibis Budget is a chain hotel optimized for low costs, with very simply appointed rooms with just enough space.
ibis Styles Birmingham Centre (formerly Holiday Inn Express and Lionel Street Hotel), 65 Lionel Street. Located east of the core city centre on Lionel Street, it is a former Holiday Inn Express property that became and ibis Styles after some very light refreshment. As in all ibis Styles, breakfasts and free WiFi are included in the room price, which can be very attractive, compensating for the less central location.
Paragon Hotel. Despite the imposing Victorian presence, this hotel in the southeastern corner of Birmingham offers very attractive rates. This comes not only at the expense of a relatively remote location, but also standards of the worn rooms, which fall deeply behind the expectations one might have experiencing the common areas.
Premier Inn Birmingham City, 3-6 Waterloo St. As typical as a Premier Inn gets, it is situated in a nondescript 1970s building with simple rooms - but just around the corner from to the St. Phillip's cathedral.
Premier Inn Birmingham City Centre (New Street), Pinfold Street. There is no shortage of Premier Inns in Birmingham. This one is next to the New Street railway station.
Premier Inn Birmingham Broad Street (Canal Side), Bridge Street. This Premier Inn serves the ICC and faces a canal.
Premier Inn Birmingham Central East. There is nothing "central" about this motel-style Premier Inn at the junction of M38 and M4045, which faces a similar Campanile across the canal, but if you are a motorist, you will enjoy its convenient location and free parking.
Premier Inn Birmingham Broad Street (Brindley Place), 80 Broad Street. The Premier Inn at Brindley Place is the chain's most up-to-date property, with a marked difference in fittings over the other ones in town.
A brutalist monument, the Leonardo is Birmingham's largest hotel
Britannia Hotel, New St.. City centre (close to the university). Offers mid-range accommodation for business and travelling guests.
Holiday Inn Express (Castle Bromwich Inn), 1200 Chester Road, ☏ +44 121 694 6700, fax: +44 121 694 6701. By the M6 motorway in Castle Bromwich, west of Birmingham
High Field Town House, 23 Highfield Rd B15 3DP, ☏ +44 121 647 6466. Victorian villa with 12 rooms in leafy Edgbaston, with gastro-pub next door. B&B double £110. (updated Aug 2020)
Bloc Hotel, Caroline Street. The Bloc Hotel offers ultrasmall rooms (10 sqm) all wrapped in minimalistic, modern decor, which can appeal to design enthusiasts.
Hotel at Conference Aston, Aston St. Situated on the Aston University grounds, the Conference Aston is a convention centre with an on-site hotel. Hotel guests can enjoy the facilities of the Woodcock Sports Centre across the road, including a full-sized Victorian swimming pool
Copthorne Hotel, Paradies Circus. One of the hotels serving the ICC and a monument to the era in hospitality mercifully gone by.
Hilton Garden Inn Birmingham Brindley Place, 1 Brunswick Square, Brindleyplace. Southwest of the centre at Brindleyplace, the Hilton Garden Inn offers simple modern comforts in its four-star rated facility. WiFi is free and Neutrogena toiletries are provided.
Holiday Inn Birmingham City, Smallbrook Queensway. An old Holiday Inn in an office/commercial area of the centre
Leonardo Hotel (formerly Jury's Inn), 245 Broad Street. Huge hotel in a brutalist concrete block, catering to business visitors of the ICC. Enjoys a solid reputation despite a complete lack of charm.
nitenite, 18 Holliday Street. The property brands itself as a boutique hotel, where postmodern common space appointments are meant to make up for the ultrasmall (7 sqm) cabins that serve as ensuite rooms.
Novotel Birmingham Centre, 70 Broad Street. The familiar white-and-light-wood Novotel rooms await in what is not quite the centre, but rather the Brindleyplace complex.
pentahotel Birmingham, Ernest Street / Holloway Head. This relatively new mid-range property is swamped in pentahotel's hallmark purple lighting and entices with a potpourri of postmodern appointments. Both standard and "comfort" rooms are small (12 sqm)
Ramada Birmingham, 160 Wharfside Street. The Ramada is a part of the Mailbox multi-use complex, where you will find multiple restaurants, shopping opportunities and service outlets. The hotel faces a canal, which provides for nice views and ambiance, but the rooms are in dire need of redecoration.
Staybridge Suites, Martineau Place. A rare occurrence of IHG's extended-stay brand outside of North America, the Staybridge Suites Birmingham offers studios and apartments with kitchenettes and other long-stay facilities, including on-site gym. Breakfasts are included in room rates.
Plough & Harrow Hotel (Best Western), 135 Hagley Rd, Edgbaston, ☏ +44 121 454-4111. Near the International Convention Centre, National Indoor Arena and the Bull Ring Shopping Centre. (updated Apr 2016)
Thistle Birmingham City Centre. The conservatively-styled - and little outdated - Thistle faces St. Chad's Cathedral over a busy thoroughfare.
Rotunda Serviced Apartments, Moor St, B5 4BL, ☏ +44 20 37437336, info@apartmentnetwork.co.uk. (updated Jun 2018)
The Radisson is inside Birmingham's tallest building
Crowne Plaza Birmingham City Centre, Holliday St. As nondescript as a Crowne Plaza gets, this hotel was built to serve the ICC next door. Despite having been updated since, it still has a somewhat sombre presence.
Crowne Plaza Birmingham NEC Hotel, Pendigo Way, National Exhibition Centre, ☏ +44 871 942 9160. Near Birmingham Airport.
Hyatt Regency Birmingham, 2 Bridge St (in the city centre), ☏ +44 121 643-1234. Linked directly to the International Convention Centre (ICC) and is 5 minutes from the National Indoor Arena (NIA).
Hotel Indigo Birmingham, 200 Wharfside Street. It is hard to miss Hotel Indigo's unique, jigsaw-style facade and the glazed extravaganza of its top-floor Marco Pierre White restaurant. Inside are colorful rooms with all the modern comforts, a spa, said restaurant and a bar with a view - all with a price to match. The building, aptly named the Cube, sits next to the Mailbox.
Hotel La Tour Birmingham, Albert Street. This stylish hotel caters for the luxury end of the four-star market, with an a la carte restaurant with open kitchen and in-room "media hubs" that let one connect their devices to the room's display and sound facilities.
Macdonald Burlington Hotel, 126 New Street. A luxury hotel in Edwardian style and history to back it, directly facing the New Street station.
Malmaison Birmingham. The Malmaison is an upscale property with an on-site spa, brasserie and wine cellar. It is located within the Mailbox multi-purpose centre.
Birmingham Marriott Hotel, 12 Hagley Rd (in the city centre), ☏ +44 870 400 7280.
Radisson Blu Hotel Birmingham, 12 Holloway Circus, ☏ +44 121 654-6000, info.birmingham@radissonblu.com. The Radisson is located in a blue glass tower, with views over Birmingham's city centre, and is one of the few truly modern high-end hotels in the city.
Hotel du Vin, Church Street. Offering a dark take on its lush Victorian common spaces, the Hotel du Vin brands itself as lifestyle accommodation, with a number of facilities to match, including a cigar lounge.
As of June 2022, Birmingham has 5G from all UK carriers. Wifi is widely available in public places.
All public libraries, including the central Library of Birmingham, provide free internet access, though the connection can be slow and you may have to queue for a terminal; and you need a library membership card for access.
Birmingham grew to be a very multicultural population centre, so apart from Christian, religious services for many other faith groups are provided within the city.
Birmingham Buddhist Centre, 11 Park Rd, Moseley (#1, #35 or #50 bus), ☏ +44 121 449-5279, info@birminghambuddhistcentre.org.uk. A centre run by the Friends of the Western Buddhist Order.
Birmingham Central Mosque, 180 Belgrave Middleway, Highgate (#35 bus), ☏ +44 121 440-5355. Daily noon-30 minutes after Isha (exact time of Isha varies with the seasons). Built in 1969, Birmingham was the second purpose-built mosque in the UK (the first was in Woking). The working capacity is 2500, though this is expanded during special events such as Eid. Tour groups should book at least two weeks in advance.
Birmingham Central Synagogue, 133 Pershore Rd, ☏ +44 121 440-4044, office@centralshul.com. M Th from 7:15AM, Tu W F from 7:30AM, Sa from 9:30AM, Su from 8:30AM. Large modern orthodox synagogue, popular with students.
Ramgarhia Sikh Temple, Graham St, ☏ +44 121 235-5435. Sikh Temple in central Birmingham. (updated May 2019)
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Harborne Ward, Lordswood Road, ☏ +44 121 427-9291. Typical meetinghouse, with services at 10AM on Sundays.
Shree Geeta Bhawan, 107-117 Heathfield Rd, Lozells (#46 bus), ☏ +44 121 523-7797. M-Sa 9AM-1PM and 5PM-8PM (Tu 9PM), Su 9AM-8PM. Hindu temple, opened in 1967.
Kanzul Huda Mosque, 7&8 Adderley Rd, Saltley, B8 1AW, ☏ +441212190057. (updated Aug 2023)
As with the rest of the UK, in any emergency call 999 or 112 (from a landline if you can) and ask for ambulance, fire or police when connected. For non-emergency police matters, such as reporting crimes after they have occurred, lost property, etc.) call 101.
In general, Birmingham is a safe city. However, like most large cities, there are safer and more dangerous areas. Certain suburbs (see below) have had their share of gun crime problems, but these are extremely unlikely to affect you unless you make yourself part of the larger drug gang problem. Avoid any offers of cheap drugs as you might be lured into a secluded place and then robbed.
Muggers in Birmingham tend to operate in groups of two or three, typically one will ask you a question (to judge whether you are local or likely to hit back) while the others move in behind you so they can force you to the ground. If you find this happening to you, then move to the side, so you have a clear escape path and cannot be grabbed from the rear.
The city centre is well-policed. The only trouble you might witness is a small scuffle on the Broad Street nightlife quarter as the nightclubs turn out in the early hours of the morning. However, take care at either end of Broad Street where the traffic flow speeds up.
It is advisable to stay away from the city centre when football matches between the city's two professional teams occur. Some fans of Aston Villa and Birmingham City have a violent and raw hatred for each other, and violent clashes between them are a common occurrence on match days. On other days, when the teams are playing at home against other teams, it is less likely for major violence to occur in the city centre, but you may encounter pubs full of chanting football supporters, and this may be intimidating (and really annoying) for tourists.
As usual, common sense will keep you safe, avoid walking alone in deserted or poorly-lit areas, especially at night, keep your wits about you at cash machines, and do not get into unmarked taxis. Private hire cars must be pre-booked; black cabs may be hailed. The only higher crime-rate areas that tourists might want to visit are Aston and Sparkbrook: even these are fairly safe during daylight. Canal towpaths at night, if relatively near a road access point, can also be hazardous.
Avoid people who offer you a free "stress test" (especially in New Street, near the junction with Ethel Street) as they are trying to recruit you into the Church of Scientology.
City Hospital (A&E), Dudley Rd (#80, #82 or #87 bus), ☏ +44 121 554 3801. Daily 24 hours.
Birmingham Central police station, Snow Hill Queensway (near Snow Hill railway station), ☏ 0845 113 5000 (non-geographic number), central-birmingham@west-midlands.police.uk. Daily 24 hours. (updated May 2019)
Solihull just south has museums and the National Exhibition Centre.
Walsall just north has museums and the New Art Gallery Walsall.
Ironbridge was the birthplace of Britain's Industrial Revolution, which powered the growth of cities like Birmingham.
London is just over an hour away, with inexpensive fares if you travel off-peak.
This city travel guide to Birmingham has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!