Charlotte is a huge city with several district articles that contain information about specific sights, restaurants, and accommodation.
Charlotte is an ambitious and rapidly growing city in the southern part of the Piedmont of North Carolina. It is also developing its fledgling tourist industry; its central core is one of the most visitor-friendly districts in the Carolinas.
Charlotte's most popular attractions include the Carolina Panthers (NFL), the Charlotte Hornets (NBA), the NASCAR Hall of Fame, the Charlotte Ballet, Children's Theatre of Charlotte, Mint Museum, Harvey B. Gantt Center, Bechtler Museum of Modern Art, the Billy Graham Library, Levine Museum of the New South, Charlotte Museum of History, Carowinds amusement park, and the U.S. National Whitewater Center.
Uptown Charlotte's central district, and the location of its somewhat oversized skyline as well as the center of Charlotte's commerce, culture, and government, with most of the bustle centered around Tryon Street, the "Main Street" of the city. The district is home to several Fortune 500 headquarters, museums, nightclubs, restaurants, parks, city and county government offices and theaters. It is generally agreed that the word "uptown" refers to anything inside the I-277 loop.
NoDa NoDa, short for North Davidson Street, is one of Charlotte's most eclectic and original neighborhoods. About two miles (3 km) north of the center city, this old mill district has been revitalized by artists moving in and is now home to street level art galleries, several restaurants and other unique shops as well as a popular "gallery crawl".
South End Close to Uptown in the corridor formed by Tryon Street and South Blvd along the light rail line, this old mill district has been gradually converted into a hip, semi-upscale entertainment/cultural district that is also home to Charlotte's emerging design industry. This district is also possibly the best place in town to take a walk with children, with its ice cream shops and several kids-oriented stores.
Plaza-Midwood Similar in some ways to NoDa and South End, but a little rougher around the edges because of its alternative and non-conformist crowd. This vibrant neighborhood is home to several local institutions such as: The Diamond (a popular diner), several consignment shops, and local galleries that rival even the most popular ones in Noda.
Myers Park Once altogether outside the city, Myers Park is near the heart of modern-day Charlotte. Its reputation as an "old money" neighborhood is accentuated by its beautiful tree-lined and winding avenues. Home to some of Charlotte's oldest and most expensive homes as well as Queens University of Charlotte and Freedom Park. A driving tour of Myers Park is a popular way for tourists to get acquainted with the neighborhood.
Dilworth Charlotte's first "streetcar suburb", Dilworth has never lost its reputation as a desirable place to make home. The neighborhood has blossomed into an upscale district dotted with eateries and galleries. The promise of increased public transit service has added even more development to this already walkable neighborhood.
SouthPark An affluent district in south-central Charlotte, and home to the city's second-largest business district. SouthPark is a newer suburb whose development has mostly occurred in the last 40 years, but it has quickly developed into a semi-urban concentration of office buildings, high rise condos, hotels and entertainment options.
Elizabeth Just outside of Uptown, Elizabeth reflects a transition between elegant Myers Park and gritty Plaza-Midwood. Its tree-lined streets and quiet residential blocks provide an air of relaxation, but its commercial blocks are among the city's most colorful. Sometimes characterized as "a poor man's Dilworth", Elizabeth is coming into its own as a center of activity.
University City A sprawling 1970s-style suburban district, focused around the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. This area is on the city's northeast side and is largely an area in transition, having formerly been mostly rural or affluent suburbs and now drawing in minority groups and young families. Aside from the University and related research centers, this area is also home to Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre (now known as PNC Music Pavilion), a well-defined "downtown" cluster of hotels and retail centers, and many square miles of sprawling shopping centers.
East Charlotte A somewhat ambiguous, but distinctive, area covering a large portion of the city's eastern end. East Charlotte contains the city's largest concentration of immigrants, and is mostly a middle- to lower-class area. Much of the east side is depressed and unattractive, but it contains some of Charlotte's most interesting cultural development. Virtually any kind of ethnic food can be found here, and much of the city's "street life" gravitates toward this area.
Ballantyne The most recent large-scale development in Charlotte, Ballantyne is found at the far southern edge of the city. Sprawling and suburban in nature, it is noted for its luxurious "mini-mansions", upscale retail, large hotels and corporate buildings, and distinguished country club. Ballantyne is mostly residential in nature and most tourist attraction is generated by the Ballantyne Resort.
West Charlotte An area unfortunately known for its poverty and crime. This section of town west of Uptown and north of Steele Creek lacks retail opportunities and has a high murder rate. Real estate in West Charlotte is far cheaper than other neighborhoods in Charlotte, but most of the property is not owner-occupied. It has close access to Uptown and the airport.
Steele Creek Area generally defined by the original boundary of Steele Creek Township. This district is along Lake Wylie in the far southwest quadrant of Charlotte primarily bordered by Interstate 485 to the east and it is south of Charlotte Airport. This area is home to the Charlotte Outlets and Rivergate shopping centers and to many suburban neighborhoods.
North Charlotte North of Uptown and to the west of University City, North Charlotte consists of numerous nice neighborhoods and shopping opportunities including the upscale NorthLake Mall. This area is bordered by Sunset Road to the west and University City to the east.
Cotswold This area, named for Charlotte's first suburban mall, Cotswold Mall, has been emerging as one of the more desirable areas for living and shopping with close proximity to Uptown. Many 1950s and 1960s homes are being remodeled and sold in this district neighbored by Myers Park and Plaza-Midwood.
South Charlotte Area bordered by Ballantyne and the towns of Matthews and Pineville to the south, it is home to notable ethnic restaurants and neighborhoods including Starmount and Ashley Park as well as the nationally-known golf course of Quail Hollow that hosts PGA golf tournaments.
Charlotte is the largest city in the state, with a population of 875,000 (2020) residents within the city limits. As of 2020, the Charlotte-Gastonia-Salisbury combined statistical area (CSA) had a regional population of  million, and Charlotte is the county seat of Mecklenburg County.
It is the center of finance, industry, technology, and entertainment for the region. It is a renowned financial powerhouse and banking center, with Bank of America's corporate headquarters and Wells Fargo's East Coast Operations in Uptown. It is regarded as the second most important financial hub in the United States, behind New York City. Primarily known in the past as a leading Southern textile and manufacturing center, Charlotte is has modernized and diversified its robust economy through successful applications of urban and economic planning, known as "Vision Plans."
Heavy growth in the past 20 years has made Charlotte one of the South's largest and most successful cities. In many ways, the city is still trying to catch up to its own growth; visitors often comment that it seems understated in terms of culture and development. However, it is changing at a breathtaking speed. A very rapid influx of population and business investment has given it one of the most dynamic urban areas in the region.
Charlotte Info Center, 330 S Tryon St and 200 E Seventh St in Uptown, plus a third location inside the airport, ☏ +1 704 333-1887 ext 235, toll-free: +1-800-231-4636. Brochures, souvenirs, and advice are available for first-time visitors and long-time residents. Along with the public library, this is the best place to go if you are looking for a concentrated source of information about the city. It is worth checking out the brochures for self-guided walking and driving tours.
This statue near the Uptown Holiday Inn honors Charlotte's namesake.
Charlotte's earliest settlers were Presbyterians of Scots-Irish descent who built a small courthouse, marketplace and village at the intersection of ancient Native American trading paths (the actual intersection is the Square formed by Trade and Tryon Streets) during the middle of the 18th Century. Both Charlotte and Mecklenburg County were named in honor of the Germanic wife of King George III of England. In addition, the main thoroughfare (Tryon St.) was named in tribute to the English Governor of the day. The establishment of a courthouse made Charlotte the seat of Mecklenburg County, and it was known for little more in its early days.
Charlotte's early residents were fiercely independent, in accordance with their rural Protestant heritage. The city was known as a hotbed of separatism well before the American Revolution, culminating in the Mecklenburg Declaration of Independence (signed a year before the American equivalent). The Square was the site of a minor skirmish with Cornwallis' army, which led to the city's characterization as a "hornet's nest" of rebellion. Nevertheless, the city remained a relatively obscure village, and was dubbed a "trifling place" by visiting President George Washington.
The first signs of economic prosperity came to Charlotte with the discovery of a huge gold nugget at the site of modern-day Reed's Gold Mine. This triggered the United States' first gold rush, and dotted Mecklenburg County with gold mines. The mines contributed low-grade gold to the city's street-paving program, which led to the joke that the streets were literally paved with gold in Charlotte. Eventually the city earned the establishment of a U.S. Mint for currency production on modern-day Mint St. Perhaps most importantly, the city positioned itself as a railroad hub. With several lines intersecting in Charlotte, the city became a major destination for farmers wishing to distribute their tobacco and cotton crops nationwide. These events presaged Charlotte's future as a city of commerce and distribution.
Charlotte was mostly spared the wide-scale destruction of the American Civil War. The city contributed troops to the Confederate effort, many of whom are buried in the Confederate graveyard at modern-day Elmwood Cemetery. Curiously, landlocked Charlotte briefly became the home to the Confederate Naval Yard near the end of the war, as a result of its railroad connections. Also, the city was host to the final full meeting of the Confederate Cabinet, and Jefferson Davis was standing on Tryon St when informed of Lincoln's assassination (Davis' widow later retired to Charlotte). Generally, though, Charlotte was fortunate to play a relatively minor role in the devastating conflict. Its main casualty was the loss of the Mint, which was shut down for obvious reasons by the Union government.
Charlotte has been noted as one of the South's most resilient cities in the wake of the Civil War. Having been spared the widespread destruction of cities such as Atlanta and Columbia, Charlotte was relatively free of obligations to rebuild infrastructure. It jumped quickly onto the "New South" bandwagon, increasing its ties to the railroads and mill industry. Some of the major mills established here after the War are still standing, and have mostly been converted into modern businesses and condominiums. Perhaps most importantly, Charlotte was a site of heavy financial investment by "carpetbaggers" (northern transplants who were eyed with suspicion or outright hostility). These upstart banks were the predecessors to Charlotte's modern banking giants.
At the turn of the century, Charlotte was still a small town despite its favorable position. But by the 1950s, it had exploded into the largest city in the Carolinas. Aggressive businessmen transformed the city into a financial juggernaut, and the distribution industry made a smooth transition from the railroad-dominated 19th century into the automotive 20th century. As the local textile and furniture industries faltered, Charlotte invested its energy into finance and transportation, enabling it to avoid the depressions suffered in many other Carolinas cities. By the 1970s, the city was into a full-scale economic boom. The population skyrocketed with immigration from around the USA and foreign countries. The city skyline began to transform as office towers sprouted on an almost yearly basis, and the suburbs pushed farther toward the county borders. By the end of the century, Charlotte had been transformed from mill town into metropolis.
It could be said that Charlotte's greatest struggle is with its own identity. The city remains tied to its roots as a giant of finance and transportation, but has diversified as it has grown. The rapid growth of the late-20th century led to the unfortunate demolition of much of the city's historical infrastructure, giving Uptown a glittering feeling of newness despite its 250-year history. The city continues to focus on the development of its core, despite the explosion of suburban communities out of Mecklenburg County and into surrounding towns. One thing is definite, though: all indications are that the city will continue to grow for the foreseeable future, making it one of the United States' most prominent metro areas in the next decade.
The city is full of "transplants" from New England, the Midwest, and the Mid-Atlantic region, and a considerable immigrant population. Nevertheless, the city still has a sizeable population of locals who can remember when the city was still a medium-sized town centered around railroad distribution. Like most Southern cities, Charlotte has a large African-American population. Also, it has a significant community of Asian descent, and a very rapidly growing Hispanic population. What was once a white-and-black city has become increasingly colorful with each passing decade.
Charlotte's physical arrangement reflects the growth trends of the 20th Century. Like most Southern American cities, it is "sprawled" over a relatively wide area for its size. Most of the city is suburban in nature, and most of those suburbs are less than 50 years old although some nearby towns such as Mint Hill date back well into the 1700s. These suburbs are encircled by I-485.
However, unlike many of its peers, Charlotte has a very dense urban core that functions as an axis for its business and cultural life. The center of the city is therefore the primary destination for tourists and business travelers.
What is often lost in this arrangement is a diverse, colorful ring of "inner suburbs" that lie in the zone between the core and the new suburban development. Most of Charlotte's unique neighborhoods lie in this ring, as well as most of the city's "underground" activity. As a result, these areas have a highly local flavor and are just beginning to be discovered by tourists.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Precipitation+Snow totals in inchesSee Charlotte's 7 day forecast
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
The temperature ranges throughout the year from about 12 °F (-11 °C) in the winter to 98 °F (37 °C) in the summer. On average, a summer high is about 90 °F (32 °C) and a winter low is about 32 °F (0 °C). Charlotte receives  in ( mm) of precipitation annually, most of which is in the form of rain (though there is some snow and ice in the winter). Charlotte is not as well equipped for snow and ice as more northerly cities; significant accumulations of snow (more than 2 cm) or ice on the roads can disrupt activity city-wide. Usually, this includes the closing of local businesses and schools, and happens about one to three times a year on average. Charlotte's inland location usually protects it from being hit directly from Atlantic hurricanes (the most recent exception being Hurricane Hugo in 1989), though it often receives heavy rains due to passing tropical systems.
See also: Charlotte Douglas International Airport
Charlotte Douglas International Airport (link: CLT IATA) (on the west side of town near Billy Graham Parkway). The airport is the second-largest hub for Oneworld member American Airlines. American Airlines serves over 120 domestic destinations from Charlotte/Douglas and over 35 international destinations, including Rome, London, Paris, Frankfurt, Dublin, Madrid, and Mexico City, among many others. The airport also receives domestic flights from Delta, United, JetBlue, Southwest, Frontier, and ViaAir. Lufthansa, aligned with Star Alliance, is the only foreign transoceanic carrier, with service to Munich. Air Canada has service to Toronto. Volaris has flights to Guadalajara in Mexico. Though the airport has diversified somewhat in the past few years, American Airlines domestic flights are still its primary source of traffic. Due to this dominance by a single carrier, finding fare bargains can be a challenge. (updated Jan 2020)
Passengers flying on American will arrive and depart from Concourse B, C, D, or E. Lufthansa passengers will arrive and depart from Concourse D, the airport's international concourse. All other airlines arrive and depart from Concourse A. All concourses connect through the Atrium however, so passengers of any airline may clear security at any security checkpoint.
Don't worry if you get hungry at CLT – the airport is home to many restaurants and shops. While many of the restaurants are decently priced, the shops are not - charging upwards of $2 for a Coke.
For those who need to remain connected, free WiFi is available at the Bank of America Business centers in the central concourse. The center has electrical outlets, comfy chairs, and several restaurants nearby. Throughout the airport free WiFi is available. Connect to the SSID CLTNET.
A special bus line called Sprinter (CATS Route 5) runs regularly between the airport and Uptown. A one-way ticket costs $. Two additional routes connect the airport with Northlake Mall (Route 590) and LYNX Blue Line Archdale Station (Route 591).
Taxis charge a flat $25 rate for a trip from the airport to Uptown (for one or two passengers; additional charges apply for groups).
The Amtrak station is on North Tryon near Dalton, on bus route 11 (North Tryon). Charlotte is the southern end of the Carolinian and Piedmont lines, which head north to Raleigh, with the Carolinian continuing to New York City. It's also a stop along the Crescent between New York City and Atlanta and New Orleans, however this train passes through Charlotte very late at night. The neighborhood of the train station is relatively seedy. Though you will be safe in and around the station, it is not a good idea to "wing it" once you arrive. Try to pre-arrange travel from the station to your next destination; walking is not recommended. A #11 bus meets each arriving Carolinian and Piedmont train to take passengers to Uptown.
The interstate highways through Charlotte are Interstates 85 (northeast-southwest) and 77 (north-south). I-85 takes you to Burlington and Greensboro. N.C. 74 is also a primary route into the city, and links with I-277.
Greyhound. The station is just northwest of Uptown and is served by buses 1 (Mount Holly), 8 (Tuckaseegee), 34 (Freedom Dr), and 7 (Beatties Ford).
Megabus. Service from Atlanta, Athens, Durham, Richmond, and Washington, D.C. Buses arrive and depart along Whitton St between Dewitt Ln and South Blvd, near the Scaleybark LYNX station. Fares from $1 and up.
Uptown is very dense, and almost all attractions in that part of town are easily reached by walking. However, only a few other districts (such as NoDa and Dilworth) are truly pedestrian-friendly. Outer districts, such as Ballantyne and University City, are pedestrian-unfriendly areas. If you must walk, give some thought to the weather; summer days in the South are quite hot and it is easy to get dehydrated.
Uptown is laid out in a grid, with numbered streets running east-west with few exceptions. Streets running north-south have proper names. Charlotte's outer suburbs are often difficult to navigate. Most roads are built according to the natural lay of the land; once you leave the I-277 loop, you are likely to find it increasingly difficult to predict the direction (and often, the name) of the road you are traveling on. Therefore, it is a good idea to make certain your directions are specific and trustworthy before venturing into an unknown area. Otherwise, you will likely find yourself relying on the (usually) friendly natives for directions back to your starting point.
I-485 is Charlotte's major outer loop.
Similarly, I-277 is very useful when moving quickly around the center city. However, one side of the "loop" is actually I-77, which interchanges with I-277 in two places. It is easy to misread the signs and end up moving farther along I-77 rather than circling back onto I-277. When using the loop, be sure to follow signs for "Downtown" in order to stay on the correct path.
Secondary roads in Charlotte are notoriously difficult to navigate. In particular, visitors and residents alike are often befuddled by frequent name changes in the roads. To make matters worse, many roads in the city share similar names. Also, very few of the city's roads are based on a grid or similarly organized system; most of the roads outside the city core are winding avenues that follow the natural features of the land.
The city can be a delight to explore by car, but visitors are strongly advised to use a GPS.
Available to any part of Charlotte. There are several prominent companies, and unlike larger cities the design of the vehicles is not uniform. However, a taxi is always recognizable by a sign on the roof of the car. If the taxi is vacant, the sign will be lit up; if it has a passenger, the sign will be off. It is customary to give a tip to cab drivers, especially if they help you with luggage or other items. It is usually a good idea to inquire about the fare before boarding if you are planning to make a longer trip; Charlotte's sprawled-out nature can lead to high fares for trips outside the center city.
Cab fares in Charlotte are regulated by the city, and are consistent for all companies. The "drop charge" (pickup rate) is $, and each 1/5th mile (1/3rd km) is $. During weekday rush hours (7-9AM and 4-6PM), you will also be charged $ for every minute spent in stopped traffic. For a direct one-way trip to or from the airport, the rate is a flat $25. You can save money by sharing a cab with a companion, but be aware that there is a $2 charge for each person after 2.
LYNX Blue Line is a light rail service that travels in a roughly north-south direction on  miles ( km) of track to 26 stations across Charlotte. The northern terminus is on the campus of the UNC Charlotte. The line travels to Uptown with stops at the Charlotte Transportation Center, Arena, and Convention Center. The line continues to the southern terminus adjacent to the intersection of South Blvd and I-485. Frequency varies from 7–15 minutes on weekdays to 20–30 minutes on weekends. Rail Routes and Schedules - Charlotte Area Transit System (charlottenc.gov) Fares are $ for a one-way ticket (discounts for seniors and youth) and $ for a day pass. Service transfers to local buses are free and must be used within 90 minutes. Additional fares may be applied when transferring to a higher fare service.
Charlotte Area Transit System (CATS) operates transit service throughout the Charlotte area. Most bus routes start at the teal-roofed Transportation Center in Uptown (across the street from the Spectrum Center) and go toward the suburbs like spokes on a wheel (roughly). Though they are generally clean and safe, they are usually not the most efficient way to get around the city. Bus fare is $ one-way, $ for a day pass. Allow 45 minutes for a one-leg trip, 2 hours for a two-leg trip. Bus transfers can be used on the LYNX light rail and are valid for an hour and 45 minutes after issue. Colorfully-painted buses in the suburbs connect neighborhoods to primary routes.
CityLYNX Gold Line is a streetcar system that operates on Trade and Elizabeth Streets between the districts of Uptown and Elizabeth. There are 17 stops beginning at the intersection of French and Trade Streets, and ending at Sunnyside Avenue, near Plaza Midwood. Streetcars generally run every 15-20 minutes depending on the time of day. Service is available 7 days per week although hours may be limited depending on the day. There is no charge to ride the CityLynx, therefore no ticket or transfers are needed. Future phases of expansion will add more stops and eventually require a fare payment for its use.
Some parts of Charlotte are very friendly to cyclists, especially the south-central area around Myers Park and Dilworth, but be aware that most of the city is not friendly toward bikers. The city of Charlotte website provides an interactive map of the suggested street routes and greenways. It is a good idea to research in advance to identify streets with designated bike lanes on the right-hand side of the road. Bicycles are subject to the same traffic laws as cars. Helmets are recommended but not required for adults. Google Maps, OpenStreetMap, and Apple Maps, have well-graphed biking route navigators, that are up-to-date, and follow local traffic laws.
Charlotte B-Cycle. Bike-sharing program with nearly two dozen stations primarily in Uptown, Southend, and Elizabeth. $8/24 hours.
Dockless Bike Share. The city has authorized dockless bike-sharing companies ofo, LimeBike, MoBike, and Spin provide bikes around the metro area throughout 2018.
Charlotte with children - itinerary for travelers with children
There are numerous museums and historic sites scattered throughout the city, especially in and near Uptown. A "museum district" has arisen on Tryon Street on the south side of Uptown. The highlights of this district are the Mint Museum of Art and the Bechtler Museum of Modern Art, both housed in stunning buildings and holding impressive collections of modern and contemporary art. Nearby, adjacent to the convention center, is the new NASCAR Hall of Fame, a slick museum with plenty of interactive exhibits and race cars on view. The north side of Uptown is home to two of the city's best museums, Discovery Place, an acclaimed children's and science museum, and the Levine Museum of the New South, which has a fantastic collection of historical artifacts and displays illustrating the history of the South since the Civil War.
Other museums in the Charlotte area include the James K Polk Historic Site in Pineville south of Charlotte, the Carolinas Aviation Museum, and The Charlotte Museum of History in East Charlotte.
Carolinas Aviation Museum, 4108 Airport Dr (at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport), ☏ +1 704 359-8442. Tu-Sa 10AM-5PM, Su 1PM-5PM. This is a big attraction for aviation fanatics. This museum features a wide variety of resources including historic and restored airplanes (most notably the "Miracle on the Hudson" plane), air shows and a library (by research request only). Because it is at Charlotte-Douglas, it is the only attraction in the city that can be reached by airplane. If you want to meet people working on restoring the airplanes, come on a Tuesday or Thursday. (It is also a great place to watch takeoffs and landings at the airport.) Note that the museum is temporarily closed to make way for Honeywell’s aircraft at Charlotte Douglas. The museum plans to reopen on Saturday, June 1, 2024.
The Charlotte Museum of History, 3500 Shamrock Drive, ☏ +1 704 568-1774. Tu-Sa 11AM–5PM. The Charlotte Museum of History is dedicated to the preservation and interpretation of the history of Charlotte and Mecklenburg County. It also the steward of a number of historical sites in the area including the oldest standing house Mecklenburg County. Adults $10, Children $7.
Bojangles' Coliseum, 2700 E Independence Blvd, ☏ +1 704 372-3600. Historic domed arena in southeast Charlotte on NC-74. Once the largest concrete free-standing dome in the world, it has played host to Elvis, Jimi Hendrix and many sporting events. It is used for community events, conventions and smaller musical acts. It used to be known as Cricket Arena and Independence Arena.
Memorial Stadium, 310 N Kings Dr, ☏ +1 704 353-0200. Adjacent to the CPCC campus south of Uptown, with a spectacular skyline view. Generally used for smaller events such as high school and college football games and band competitions. The Charlotte Independence of the United Soccer League play there.
PNC Music Pavilion, 707 Pavilion Boulevard, ☏ +1 704 549-5555. This is the venue for big shows in Charlotte. You can get on the lawn for cheaper than seating under the canopy, but you may not be able to see the performers except on the huge big screen.
Spectrum Center, 333 E Trade St, ☏ +1 704 688-9000. This venue is in Uptown and is home to the Charlotte Hornets. Popularly known as "The Hive", it hosts musical and sports-related shows each year. Formerly known as Charlotte Bobcats Arena and Time Warner Cable Arena.
The Independent Picture House, 4237 Raleigh St, ☏ +1 704 503-9793. Charlotte's only independent movie theater. (updated Feb 2023)
There are several major theaters and a few fringe groups scattered throughout the city, especially in and near Uptown.
Imaginon and Children's Theatre of Charlotte
The Children's Theatre of Charlotte, 300 E 7th St, ☏ +1 704 973-2800. M-Th 9AM-9PM, F Sa 9AM-6PM, Su 1PM-6PM. For weekend evening performances ImaginOn re-opens one hour prior to performance time. Box Office hours M-F 10AM-5PM, and one hour prior to all performances for walk-up guests (box office phones are not answered on weekends). Founded in 1948, it has been opening young minds to the wonders of live theater for over half a century. Annually, it reaches more than 320,000 young people and families from preschool to late teens, with four program areas: MainStage productions; Tarradiddle Players, the professional touring company; and Community Involvement Program. Ticket prices vary.
Actor's Theatre of Charlotte, 650 E Stonewall St, ☏ +1 704 342-2251. M-Th 9AM-9PM, F Sa 9AM-6PM, Su 1PM-6PM. Highly awarded professional theater in existence since 1989. Diverse dramas and musicals fill the seasons here and no production fails. Besides their main stage productions, the theater is home to a late night series called 650 which are usually free, otherwise- ticket prices vary.
Theatre Charlotte, 501 Queens Rd, ☏ +1 704 376-3777. M-Th 9AM-6PM, F Sa 9AM-4PM, closed Su. With a production history dating from 1927, is Charlotte's oldest arts organization as well as the oldest continually producing community theater in the state.
Charlotte Comedy Theatre, ☏ +1 704 467-7681. M-Sa 8PM-midnight. The only strictly comedy venue in Charlotte. Made of up of Charlotte's most notorious improvisers, founded and directed by a 13-year Chicago improv veteran.
Blumenthal and Spirit Square, 130 N. Tryon St, ☏ +1 704 372-1000. M-Th 9AM-9PM, F Sa 9AM-6PM, Su 1PM-6PM. The Performing Arts Center has three performance spaces: the 2,100-seat Belk Theater; the 434-seat Booth Playhouse, and the Stage Door Theater which seats 150. The Center presents the Broadway Lights Series, featuring national touring Broadway productions and a wide range of special attractions. Home to the seasons of the Charlotte Symphony Orchestra, Opera Carolina, North Carolina Dance Theatre, Carolina Voices, the Carolinas Concert Association, ArtsTeach, Community School of the Arts, and the Light Factory.
UNC Charlotte Theatre and Dance, ☏ +1 704 687-3625. M-Th 9AM-6PM, F Sa 9AM-4PM. Performs several times throughout the year.
Central Piedmont Community College Theatre, ☏ +1 704 330-6534. M-Th 9AM-6PM, F Sa 9AM-4PM. Performs several times throughout the year and has a professional summer series.
Collaborative Arts Theatre, ☏ +1 704 625-1288. M-Th 6PM-midnight, F Sa 9AM-6PM. Founded in 2006, this small award-winning professional theatre company produces contemporary plays in various locations and the Charlotte Shakespeare Festival, a popular annual free summer festival, which takes place outdoors at the Green Uptown and indoors at the McGlohon Theatre in Spirit Square.
Shakespeare Carolina. M-Th 6PM-midnight, F Sa 9AM-6PM. Founded in 1997, they produce Shakespeare plays during the summer.
Citizens of the Universe, ☏ +1 704 449-9742. M-Th 6PM-midnight, F Sa 9AM-6PM. COTU is one of two active fringe theaters in Charlotte. With no set season and no set theater, this company performs in the environment available to them. Hard to catch, this theater specializes in book/ film translations to stage.
Play!Play! Theatre. M-Th 6PM-midnight, F Sa 9AM-6PM. Active children's theatre. PlayPlay! creates plays specifically for children ages birth to age 3.
Sea Life Charlotte-Concord Aquarium, 8111 Concord Mills Blvd, Concord, toll-free: +1-866-229-1573.
Carowinds. is most likely one of Charlotte's top attractions. This 398-acre (161-hectare) amusement park that sits on the state line between southwest Charlotte and Fort Mill in South Carolina opened in March 1973. This amusement park claims to be the thriller of the southeast with 13 roller coasters and 7 water rides. The entrance is just across the state line on Interstate 77 at exit 90.
Professional sports are one of Charlotte's most popular forms of entertainment. Though its roots are primarily in stock car racing, the city offers something for fans of nearly every kind of sport. In particular, its success in the NFL and NBA have given it widespread exposure as a growing sports hub.
NASCAR events take place at Charlotte Motor Speedway, which is outside of Charlotte in Concord, North Carolina. Charlotte is the de facto hub of stock car racing in the U.S., with several NASCAR teams based in the city. 3 NASCAR Sprint Cup races take place each season, including the All-Star Race and the Coca-Cola 600. Additionally, Charlotte is the home for the NASCAR Hall of Fame and headquarters, which is near the Convention Center in Uptown. Each year Charlotte hosts "Speed Street", a large festival featuring various racing-themed attractions and a long list of musical guests.
The Carolina Panthers is the city's American Football franchise. Games are played at Bank of America Stadium. The team shares the stadium with the MLS team Charlotte F.C. The city has had a somewhat turbulent National Basketball Association history. The Hornets were founded in 1988, and enjoyed great popularity for over a decade until the owner and the city had a huge falling-out, which ended in a nasty divorce and the team leaving for New Orleans in 2002. Two years later, the city was awarded a new NBA franchise, the Bobcats. After the New Orleans team renamed itself the Pelicans in 2013, the Bobcats reclaimed the Hornets name in 2014, and also got ownership of the history of the 1988–2002 Hornets. These events take place in Uptown.
Minor league sports include the Charlotte Knights (AAA baseball) who play in Uptown at Truist Field. The Charlotte Checkers ice hockey team play in Uptown and is cheap fun (Charlotte was the first city south of Baltimore to host professional hockey and has had a team for most of the last 50 years). The Carolina Speed is the fourth professional indoor football team to be based in Charlotte, with games taking place in East Charlotte. The Charlotte Independence soccer team play near uptown. Charlotte Rugby Football Club, which play northwest of Uptown, and Charlotte Roller Girls, with games in Elizabeth complete a vast list of professional, minor league and club sports to enjoy in the city.
The immediate Charlotte area also has three NCAA Division I sports programs, two in the city and one in the outlying county. The Charlotte 49ers, representing the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, compete in nine men's sports and eight women's sports as members of the American Athletic Conference. Davidson College, in the nearby town of the same name, hosts the Davidson Wildcats, which compete in 11 men's sports and 10 women's sports, mostly in the Atlantic 10 Conference (though the football team plays in the second-level FCS in the Pioneer Football League). The Queens Royals of Queens University of Charlotte, competing in 12 men's sports and 14 women's sports (plus a few others without NCAA recognition) but without football, became one of the newest D-I members in 2022, competing mostly in the Atlantic Sun Conference.
Charlotte has been noted for its "green" appearance, due to its extensive tree canopy and abundance of parks. See the individual district pages for listings of major city parks.
Outdoor adventurers may revel in the pleasures offered at the U.S. National Whitewater Center including mountain biking and whitewater rafting. As well as hiking and rock climbing opportunities at Crowders Mountain State Park in nearby Kings Mountain, North Carolina and zip-lining tours at Canaan Zip-line tours in Rock Hill.
Charlotte is home to many amazing venues for music, as well as many famous rappers and soul singers, like Fantasia Barrino, and the comeback band Jodeci. Here are the best places to see live music.
AvidXChange Music Factory, 1000 NC Music Factory Blvd (GPS users: Enter in 1000 NC Music Factory Blvd, then follow signs to the Music Factory), ☏ +1 704-916-8970, info@ncmusicfactory.com. AvidXChange Music Factory is a campus of a wide variety of musical venues. It hosts large acts at the outdoor Charlotte Metro Amphitheater. More intimate indoor venues include The Fillmore and The Underground. AvidXChange is a large promoter in the city and brings in nationally touring acts. The campus also contains restaurants and bars.
Neighborhood Theatre, 511 E 36th Street, ☏ +1 704 942-7997, help@neighborhoodtheatre.com. Neighborhood Theatre underwent restoration in 1997 and was converted into a live performance venue. Neighborhood Theatre is a live music venue hosting local and national acts.
The Evening Muse, 3227 N Davidson St, ☏ +1 704 376-3737. In the NoDa district, the Evening Muse is noted for its variety of music ranging from light folk to rockabilly, and open mic on Monday nights.
The Gold Standard Chorus. The Men's Barbershop Chorus, The Gold Standard Chorus, meets on Monday nights from 7:30PM - 10PM at Aldersgate Methodist Retirement Home. (updated Jan 2016)
The Milestone, 3400 Tuckaseegee Rd, ☏ +1 704 398-0472. Almost forgotten in Charlotte's mainstream entertainment scene, this veteran club has a shockingly prestigious music history—Nirvana, the Flaming Lips, and R.E.M. have all graced the stage here. Though the interior looks like something out of skid row, there is a well-cultivated hipster vibe at the Milestone that is virtually untouched anywhere else in the city. Mention this one in conversation to gauge a friend's true cool-factor.
Visulite Theatre, 1615 Elizabeth Ave. Charlotte's Premier Live Music Club. Hosts local and national music groups. It also hosts local events. Requires a membership which can be purchased before entering.
Golf is a major sport in the Carolinas, and is played nearly year-round due to the mild autumn and spring seasons. Several private, semi-private and country clubs courses are available. Quail Hollow Club hosts the PGA Tour's Wells Fargo Championship each Spring.
Driving Tours. Queen City Tours covers most of the center city and surrounding area. They offer different types of tour service for different group sizes. This tour shows Uptown, Dilworth and Myers Park.
Charlotte 101 Class and Tour. Central Piedmont Community College offers a quarterly combination classroom lecture and tour about the Queen City for 6 hours. Pre-registration required.
Heroes Convention. Named "America's favorite comic book convention", Heroes Con has been hosted in Charlotte for the past thirty years and is one of the nations largest and most important comic book conventions. It is held every June in the Charlotte Convention Center and lasts for three days.
CIAA Basketball Tournament. Will come to Charlotte in early March for the next several years. Historically-black colleges from across the country bring their teams, alums and fans to the center city for a week of games. and accompanying parties and conventions. Games are held at Spectrum Center. Other events take place throughout the city, including a festival along Tryon St.
St. Patrick's Day Parade. Is not on the scale of Boston or NYC, but always well-attended and a fun time to visit the Irish restaurants Uptown. The parade goes up Tryon St., and the best place to view is at the Square.
Southern Spring Home and Garden Show. Has brought designers and experts to the city for nearly 50 years. Held in March at the Merchandise Mart. $9 at the door, kids free.
The Thursday, Friday, and Saturday before Memorial Day, Speed Streetdead link brings half a million partiers to the center city for major musical acts and events related to the NASCAR All-Star Race. This event shuts down several major streets, and covers the entirety of Uptown with crowds after sundown. Parking is usually stretched to the limit, and hotels will be difficult to find. However, this is an excellent time for hard partiers to see the city at its most active.
Charlotte is not known as a horse-racing hub, but the Queen's Cup Steeplechase gives the city an event to call its own. It's about 45 minutes from the center city in Mineral Springs. Held in mid-April.
There is no better time to visit South End than during the Art and Soul of South End Festival in April. Several major events coincide to bring the district a variety of visual art, music and entertainment. Prices vary based on event, but most is free to attend.
PGA Quail Hollow Championship. Brings the world's best golfers to Quail Hollow Country Club for a weekend in April. As one would expect, there are plenty of wine-and-cheese events associated with the championship. as well as a noticeable upturn in Polo shirts at Uptown clubs.
Taste of Charlotte. Festival in June is far and away the best time to bring an appetite to the city. Tryon St. closes down for the weekend and many of the city's best restaurants are represented with samples of their signature dishes.
Fourth of July Fireworks Display has shifted locations several times lately, but is always somewhere in Uptown. This event draws nearly 100,000 visitors to the center city at once; be prepared to sit in gridlock, especially during the display when streets will come to a complete halt. Using public transit to park-and-ride from another district is recommended.
Also in July, comic book collectors meet for the annual Heroes Convention at the Convention Center.
Black Gay Pride Festival has made inroads as an annual festival in July.
Charlotte Pride is a more general gay-pride festival in August. It has moved to the Gateway Village area on the edge of Uptown. It has grown significantly since its inception.
September is one of the best times to visit the city. The city's Labor Day Parade along Tryon St is modest, but a well-established annual event. The month-long Charlotte Shout collaboration includes not only cultural festivals and events, but also a day of free admissions to important cultural locations. For over 40 years, Festival in the Park has transformed Freedom Park into a massive marketplace and fair. The new Charlotte Film Festivaldead link is a collaboration between the city's most prominent theaters in and around the center city. Also, the Yiasou Greek Festival (Sep 7-10, 2017) is a long-running tradition at Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church that draws a huge crowd for its mouth-watering food and unique shopping opportunities.
The Public Library of Charlotte hosts the Novello Festival of Readingdead link in October. This series of readings and events brings well-known authors (such as Kurt Vonnegut, Ray Bradbury, Toni Morrison) to the city. Prices vary based on event, most of which are held at the Central Branch.
Scarowinds. Is the city's most unique Halloween event. The Carowinds theme park turns ghoulish after dark, with special decor and events. Though it's a bit pricey, it never draws complaints of overpricing. $29, no kids.
Carolina Renaissance Festival. Held in late Fall just outside the city in Huntersville. It is a family-friendly reenactment of Elizabethan times. Features a wide array of shopping and themed events. $15 for adults, $5 for children.
Southern Christmas Show. In late November is one of the region's biggest holiday shopping events. The Merchandise Mart on E Independence Blvd hosts the event. $8 at the door for adults, $3 for kids. $6 per car to park all day.
EclecFest. Is a fledgling November festival in NoDa, started by the owner of a local bookstore. A combination flea market and cultural festival, this event is a good way to get introduced to the stores and locals of NoDa. Parking is typically available on and around N. Davidson St.
Charlotte International Auto Show. Brings various dealers and buyers together in the Convention Center, usually in November. Adults $8, kids free.
Carrousel Thanksgiving Day Parade. Is one of the city's most beloved annual events. Televised regionally, this parade has run along Tryon St for half a century. A great time to visit.
Charlotte Collectible and Antique Show. Comes to Metrolina Expo on Statesville Rd. each December. The name says it all: shopping opportunities abound. $5, kids free.
ACC Championship Game. The Atlantic Coast Conference, one of the "Power Five" conferences of major college football, holds its championship game at Bank of America Stadium on the second Saturday of December.
Belk Bowl. Another opportunity for college football fans to catch a great game as well as a football-themed festival. Teams from the South's two biggest college football conferences, the ACC and SEC, close out their seasons at Bank of America Stadium. Price varies year-to-year.
The major language is English, but the number of foreign-language establishments has begun to rise. In particular, Spanish-speaking shops and restaurants have become numerous on the city's east side. There are a fair number of Asian establishments as well. There is a large shopping area called "Asian Corners", and a part of the east side nicknamed "little Hanoi". It is worth noting, however, that these areas make up a relatively small part of the English-dominated city.
Charlotte is a city that thrives on big business (specifically banking and is thus the second leading banking center in the country). Its most visible employers are Wells Fargo/Wachovia (the city's largest employer), Bank of America, Duke Energy, Nucor, Sonic Automotive, Continental Tire NA, SPX, Lowe's and Family Dollar. Though the Uptown area has the largest concentration of business offices, the entire metro area has sprouted office and industrial parks. In particular, the gleaming mid rises of SouthPark and Ballantyne are worth noting if you're in those areas. There are several Fortune 500 companies and is regularly listed as one of the U.S.'s fastest-growing business areas, as well as one of the best places to do business in the nation.
One of Charlotte's biggest weaknesses is the relative lack of retail shopping in the center city. Though this will change somewhat in the near future, you will generally have to venture into the suburbs to do your shopping. As with most American cities, most retail is in malls and shopping centers, though some areas (especially the inner suburbs) have stores along the streets.
Metropolitan Midtown, just outside the central business district, is the redevelopment of the former Charlottetown Mall.
Concord Mills is the largest shopping destination in the region. It's near the northeastern city line in Concord.
Carolina Place Mall (Pineville Mall) is a large mall near the southern city line in Pineville, convenient to the southern suburbs and stateline.
Northlake Mall is a newer mall in north Charlotte, convenient to the University area and Lake Norman. Northlake is arguably Charlotte's largest and most upscale mall, 10 mi north of Uptown.
SouthPark Mall is an upscale mall featuring national retailers along Sharon Road just south of Uptown, features the first and only Neiman Marcus in the Carolinas.
Belgate Shopping Center features the first IKEA store in the Carolinas as well as numerous specialty stores.
Charlotte Premium Outlets is a new outlet center just off of I-485, southwest of Uptown.
If you are looking to shop outside the commercial retail sector, try exploring some of the districts just outside the I-277 loop. In particular, the Dilworth and Plaza-Midwood areas are good places to visit unique, funky stores. East Blvd. (upscale) and Thomas St. (downscale) are both good places to find unusual items.
There are several market-style locations scattered across the city.
Center City Green Market, 200 E. 7th Street (between College Street & N Brevard Street). May-Sep: W 8AM - 4PM, Sa 8 AM-1 PM. Locally grown fresh fruits & produce in-season. Fresh seafood & flowers, jewelry and crafts. (updated Aug 2018)
The EclecFest market dead link happens every second Saturday behind the Neighborhood Theater on N. Davidson St.
For the most part, Charlotte's culinary tastes are in line with the rest of the American South. Standards such as grits, sweet potatoes (yams), and greens are common in kitchens and restaurants. Southern food is typically high in fats and carbohydrates, so dieters should be careful to stick to higher-end restaurants that serve a more cosmopolitan fare. Otherwise, dig in and enjoy the richness of the Southern diet.
Many of Charlotte's older restaurants are owned by Greek families. Often, you will unexpectedly find Greek items on the menus of restaurants that otherwise serve American fare.
North Carolinians have long been fiercely competitive about their barbecue, and Charlotte's eateries reflect that heritage. Outsiders beware: Carolinas "barbeque" is chopped and sauced pork. The sauce will depend on which region it comes from (east or west), and it all works well as a sandwich (though you usually get to choose between sandwich or plate). Barbecue sandwiches are invariably served with slaw (either a vinegar-based red slaw, or a mayonnaise-based white slaw) on the meat, though it will be left out or on the side if you request. This is a local custom and one of the many things that makes Charlotte and more generally NC interesting.
"Carolinas style" hamburgers and hot dogs are typically served with mustard, chili, and cole slaw, though some restaurants will vary their toppings slightly to create a "signature".
The Bojangles' restaurant chain which specializes in biscuits and fried chicken is based in Charlotte along with Salsarita's which is a fast casual Mexican chain. In addition both Cook Out and Krispy Kreme are based in nearby Winston-Salem, and are widely available in Charlotte.
The dominant local grocery chains are Harris Teeter, Publix, Food Lion, Aldi, and Lidl. Publix and Harris Teeter are relatively expensive but more upscale. Food Lion is a middle-class favorite, and usually has an extensive ethnic section. The city is also dotted with dozens of ethnic groceries, especially Hispanic, Indian and Vietnamese. Check out Compare Foods stores dotted around the city.
The specialty grocery store scene is also growing, as Charlotte has three Trader Joe's stores, a Whole Foods Market, two Earth Fare stores and two Fresh Markets. These stores specialize in natural and organic foods. For something a little bit more local, try the Home Economist or the quaint Berrybrook Farms.
One spot particularly popular with locals is Amelie's French Bakery on North Davidson Street in NoDa. Amelie's is open 24/7 and has a wide selection of French pastries and baked goods, coffees and teas.
Pinky's Westside Grill, 1600 W Morehead St, ☏ +1 704-332-0402. Roadside grill specializing in burgers and dogs. (updated Jun 2017)
Viva Chicken, 1617 Elizabeth Ave, ☏ +1 980-335-0176. Busy spot for Peruvian cuisine and rotisserie chicken (updated Jun 2017)
Midnight Diner, 115 E Carson Blvd, ☏ +1 980-207-3641. Diner serving scratch-made comfort food 24/7. (updated Jun 2017)
Fig Tree, 1600 E 7th St, ☏ +1 704-332-3322. Upscale, creative continental fare. (updated Jun 2017)
Del Friscos, 4725 Piedmont Row Dr Ste 170, ☏ +1 704-552-5502. Outfitted restaurant specializing in seafood and steaks. (updated Jun 2017)
Liquor is available by the drink in the city of Charlotte. However, some smaller towns in the region prohibit liquor sales. If you plan to explore nearby counties, there is a chance you may encounter a "dry" area. Open containers of alcohol are never permitted on the street; if you order a beverage you must finish it before leaving the restaurant or bar. If you want to buy liquor by the bottle, you must do it at state-run ABC (Alcoholic Beverage Commission) stores, rather than at traditional liquor stores. Beer and wine are available for purchase at most markets, grocery stores and gas stations.
Cheerwine, a cherry-flavored soft drink, is a local favorite. Sundropdead link, available in a unique citrus blend and cherry-lemon, is based out of Gastonia and is a favorite among locals. R.C. Cola is also a "traditional" Southern soft drink.
If you are not from the American South, you may be surprised to see sweet iced tea is the predominant non-carbonated drink (and is arguably sweeter).
The city's nightlife is centered in Uptown, which is host to a wide variety of nightclubs. The largest concentration of clubs in the city is around College St. near its intersection with 5th St.; however, a quick check of local listings reveals plenty of alternatives for those who are seeking a more reserved atmosphere. See district listings for more details. There is also a large cluster of bars on Montford Dr. in Myers Park. These bars often run cooperative "bar crawl" events with one another.
This is a huge city article, so detailed listings go in the district articles. This article should only provide a brief overview.
If you are not driving or renting a car during your visit, it is highly advisable to try to find lodging near the center city (these can be found in the district articles). Otherwise you will be stuck paying cab and bus fares, and you will find it quite difficult to move around as freely as you'd like. Most of the city's large hotels are either uptown, near the airport, or in the University area. There are also some luxury hotels appearing in Ballantyne, and there are the typical options off the highways and interstate exits.
Below are listings for locations near the airport and Carowinds theme park as well as top listings for city districts.
Hyatt Place Charlotte Airport/Lake Pointe, 4119 S Stream Blvd, ☏ +1 704 357-8555, fax: +1 704 357-8555. Primarily a business hotel with relatively convenient access to the airport. Offers a complimentary airport shuttle and has rooms designed for business travelers. Fitness center, breakfast buffet, pool. $90.
Hyatt House Charlotte Airport, 4920 S Tryon St, ☏ +1 704 525-2600. In the center of a Fortune 500 corridor, 3 mi from downtown and major convention centers.
La Quinta Inn and Suites, 4900 S Tryon St, ☏ +1 704 523-5599. From the hotel, you have a short drive to the airport and a straight shot through South End into Uptown. Fitness center, pool, hot tub. $50–$115.
Renaissance Suites, 2800 Coliseum Centre Dr, ☏ +1 704 357-1414.
Wingate South Atlantic, 4238 Business Center Dr, ☏ +1 704 395-3600, toll-free: +1-800-228-1000. $90.
Candlewood Suites Charlotte - Arrowood, 7926 Forest Pine Dr, ☏ +1 704 521-3232. Pet-friendly, cater towards people traveling for business, or for people just taking extended vacations.
Embassy Suites, 1917 Arsley Town Blvd, ☏ +1 704 970-5400. Contemporary suites in a sleek hotel offering a casual eatery, a pool & a gym, plus free breakfast.
Drury Suites Charlotte Northlake, 6920 Northlake Dr, ☏ +1 704 599-8882. Straightforward hotel with an indoor/outdoor pool & a gym, plus free breakfast & Wi-Fi.
Charlotte Marriott South Park, 2200 Rexford Rd, ☏ +1 704 364-8220. Refined property offering casual dining and 14 meeting rooms, plus an outdoor pool and an exercise room.
Renaissance Charlotte South Park, 5501 Carnegie Blvd, ☏ +1 704 501-2510. Sophisticated lodging with Southern fare & a bar, plus an indoor pool & a fitness center.
Hilton Charlotte University, 8629 J M Keynes Dr, ☏ +1 704 547-7444. Modern lakeside hotel with free WiFi & shuttle service, plus a restaurant & seasonal outdoor pool.
Sheraton Charlotte, 555 South McDowell St, S Tower, ☏ +1 704 372-4100. Contemporary property offering American dining & a bar, plus 2 pools & a fitness center.
Westin Charlotte, 601 S College St, ☏ +1 704 375-2600. Sleek hotel with earth-toned rooms & Southern dining, plus a 24/7 gym & an on-site Light Rail stop.
Omni Charlotte, 132 E Trade St, ☏ +1 704 377-0400. Chic rooms in a glass-fronted property offering regional dining, a cocktail bar & a rooftop pool.
The city of Charlotte has mandatory 10-digit dialing, so you must include the area code even on local calls. Charlotte has two area codes: 704 and 980.
There are some public pay phones scattered around the city, but they are becoming increasingly rare with the predominance of cell phones. It is not safe to assume you will be able to find a pay phone at any given time.
All ZIP codes in the city of Charlotte begin with 282. The central district's code is 28202.
Though Charlotte's crime rates are significantly lower than other major U.S. cities, it still suffers from many "big city issues", so don't let your guard all the way down. If you are uptown, the biggest worry is auto theft/break-in, which is hardly rampant. Violent crime is relatively rare in the central district, as well as the affluent southern side of town. The most dangerous areas are the west and east sides.
Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police (CMPD) almost always maintain a visible presence in crowded areas. If you have trouble, look for an officer. In some parts of the city the police are deployed on bikes as well as cars.
Charlotte is not a good allergy city, due to the abundance of flowering trees and greenspace.
Smog has become an increasing concern, as the city becomes more populated and in turn hosts more auto traffic. Local authorities monitor ozone levels and make public announcementsdead link when "vulnerable" groups (children, the elderly, etc.) are at risk. These announcements are carried on local television, radio, and newspapers.
North Carolina is known as "Tobacco Road", and cigarettes are almost ubiquitous in Charlotte. However, due to changing attitudes about smoking, North Carolina passed a law that went into effect in January 2010 banning smoking in all bars and restaurants in the state. It is still legal to smoke on the street, though you may want to be considerate of others if you are in a crowded area. Smoking is also permitted at most nightclubs provided they do not serve food. At concert venues (such as the Spectrum Center) there are outdoor decks for smokers.
In general, it is a good idea to be polite about smoking... whether you smoke or not. If you smoke, try to do it in an area in which others won't be bothered by it. If you are a non-smoker, be aware in advance of whether you will likely be bothered by smoke in a particular place. In North Carolina people tend to be much less sensitive to smoking than in other parts of the country, so you will likely be received with a bit of bewilderment if you make a scene about it.
Library branches are scattered across the city, and vary in size and function. Typically there are street signs nearby to direct you toward the nearest branch. Also, there are substantial libraries at each of the local universities.
Charlotte Observer. The Observer is the city's primary newspaper and its only daily periodical. It is standard for a newspaper in a medium-sized city. Politically it is often perceived as left-of-center, though the slant is not very strong and unlikely to be perceived by visitors. The Observer is widely available in stores and boxes, $ ($ Sunday).
Charlotte Weekly. Probably the most politically-neutral of the weeklies. The Weekly enjoys wide distribution, but seems to prefer a relatively low-key role in local reporting.
Charlotte Business Journal. Weekly edition devoted to reviewing the city's business climate. Its thorough reporting often "scoops" other sources, and the CBJ can make surprisingly interesting reading even for those uninterested in business affairs. Available primarily at bookstores and other newsstands, though boxes can be found on the street Uptown.
QNotes. The LGBT arts, entertainment and news publication based in Charlotte, N.C.
La Noticia. Spanish-language weekly newspaper. This has become the primary voice of the Hispanic community in Charlotte. It has no English-language edition, so its circulation is relatively confined to eastern Charlotte. Free.
Charlotte Post. African-American weekly that enjoys a devoted following but a relatively low circulation. Found mostly at institutions with a high percentage of black consumers, such as restaurants and churches on the west side. Free.
Mecklenburg Times. Focuses on the workings of County government, especially politics and business issues. In-depth review of court decisions and related issues.
Street & Smith's Sports Business Journal. Narrow, detailed coverage of the sports-business industry. Available primarily through newsstands and Uptown boxes. Weekly editions.
NASCAR Scene Dailydead link. Part of Street & Smith's, but focuses only on NASCAR-related news. A weekly newspaper, despite its title.
Compared to large tourist destinations, Charlotte has a relatively small international population. Locals are usually quite friendly toward foreign visitors, especially those who can speak English. Speakers of other languages may find the language barrier more difficult to break than in "international" cities (though Spanish-speakers will likely have an easier time). It is recommended that international visitors keep their passport handy at all times.
International House, 322 Hawthorne Ln, ☏ +1 704 333-8099. International visitors to Charlotte are strongly encouraged to begin their visit at the International House. Though it is worth the trip south of Uptown to visit the historic neoclassical mansion and meet the friendly staff, the IH can also be very helpful for finding interpreters, translated documents, travel information, etc.
United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, 210 E Woodlawn Rd (Ste 138, Bldg 6). M-F 7:30AM-2PM.
Armenian Cultural Association of the Carolinas, +1 704 334-5353 x239.
Bosnian Organization, +1 704 921-9080.
Cambodian Community Association, +1 704 566-0155.
Chinese American Association, +1 704 593-0897.
Eritrean Community Organization, +1 704 563-9000.
Ethiopian Community, +1 704 343-6629.
Filipino-American Community, +1 704 541-5944.
Ghana National Association, +1 704 567-2510.
Haitian American Club of the Carolinas, +1 704 537-1785.
India Association of Charlotte, +1 704 948-7664.
Iranian Group, +1 704-321-3578.
Islamic Society of Greater Charlotte, +1 704 568-0907.
Japan-America Society of Charlotte, +1 704 687-2727.
Korean Association of Charlotte, +1 704 376-8820.
Laotian Cultural Center, 2208 Rowan Way, +1 704 393-3588.
Laos American Association of North Carolina, +1 704 393-7363.
Metrolina Phoenician Club, +1 704 846-2269.
Taiwanese-American Association of Greater Charlotte, +1 704 847-6340.
Vietnamese Community Association of Charlotte, +1 704 568-8744.
Charlotte has only a few foreign consulates. If you don't see your country listed here, try Raleigh, Atlanta, or Washington, D.C.
El Salvador, ☏ +1-.
Germany (Honorary), 5970 Fairview Road, Suite 220, ☏ +1 704 364-6969, fax: +1 704 335-8803, charlotte@hk-diplo.de. Can't process visa applications, but can process passport applications for residents of North and South Carolina. For a wider range of services, see the consulate in Atlanta.
Mexico (Honorary), 4424 Taggart Creek Rd, ☏ +1 704 394-2190.
Switzerland (Honorary), 12333 Old Prairie Road, ☏ +1 704 292-1041, charlotte@honrep.ch.
United Kingdom (Honorary), 301 S College St 9F, ☏ +1 704 383-3944.
Like most cities in the American South, Charlotte's communities have historically been centered around Protestant Christian churches (though this is changing as the city diversifies and urbanizes). A complete list of worship sites is impractical; below are listings which don't fit into a (as of yet) specified district so be sure to check out the district articles.
There are many foreign-language places of worship in the Charlotte area. For information about them, contact the International House at +1 704 333-8099.
Hindu Center of Charlotte, 7400 City View Drive, ☏ +1 704 535-3440. A Hindu temple performing Hindu rituals and practices since 1982. (updated Dec 2021)
Wat Lao Buddharam, 1824 Toddville Rd, ☏ +1 704 597-5037. Laotian community of Buddhists in a relatively large temple grounds. Services are in Laotian. (updated Dec 2021)
Ash-shaheed Islamic Center, 2717 Tuckaseegee Rd, ☏ +1 704 394-6579. Primarily an African-American Islamic community on the city's west side. (updated Dec 2021)
Masjid Ali Shah Center, 1230 Beatties Ford Rd, ☏ +1 704 377-9010. Smaller community in western Charlotte.
Charlotte benefits from a highly centralized location in the Carolinas, giving visitors the option of driving to either the beach or the mountains if they choose. Cities within day-trip range include Asheville, Greensboro, Winston-Salem, Greenville, and the Raleigh/Durham area. If you are interested in seeing much smaller Southern towns, consider a short drive to Matthews, Davidson, Rock Hill or Huntersville; all are within 20 minutes' drive on the interstate.
Concord Mills - see Malls.
Charlotte Motor Speedway, just out of northern Charlotte in nearby Concord, off I-85. Home of near-constant racing events including NASCAR's All-Star race and the Coca-Cola 600. Occasional home of concerts and other special events. Among other special attractions, includes the opportunity to drive around the track or attend racing school.
Daniel Stowe Botanical Garden. In Belmont (just west of Charlotte), this is one of the most acclaimed attractions in the area. The natural beauty and serenity of the gardens make it a favorite for romantic day trips and family outings. Guided tours offered.
North Carolina Zoo. In Asheboro, about 60 miles (100 km) northeast of Charlotte. The largest zoo in North Carolina, featuring over 200 species of animal and many more botanical species. Highlights include gorillas, elephants, lions and an aviary.
Reed Gold Mine dead link. Pan for gold in the USA's first gold mine. Very kid-friendly and educational, besides being pretty fun. In Cabarrus County, about 45 minutes from Charlotte.
Schiele Museum of Natural History. A surprisingly high-quality museum in Gastonia, just west of Charlotte. Includes a planetarium, an aviary, and many special events and exhibits.
Southwest of Charlotte are the Catawba lands. See how this Native American tribe used to live and lives today.
South of Charlotte along Route 16, in Waxhaw, is the Mexico Museum. Items of cultural and historical interest include pottery, costumes, and photographs.
Carowinds. Large theme park with a focus on movies. Many roller coasters and other such attractions; coasters include The Afterburner, The Intimidator, and The Fury. Give strong consideration to eating beforehand, as concession prices are very high. Go south on I-77 and get off at the state line. Bring sunscreen as most of the park is unshaded.
Take I-85S to US-321N to Hickory for excellent furniture shopping at a host of furniture outlets. Two such are Hickory Furniture Mart (huge) and the Hickory Furniture Mall (quieter and less expensive).
Chimney Rock Park. Part of the highly scenic Blue Ridge Mountains in the Appalachian chain. One of the region's most visited parks, primarily because of its unusual rock formations and waterfalls.
Nantahala Outdoor Center. About 3–4 hours west of Charlotte in the heart of the Appalachians. Excellent whitewater rafting and tubing for all experience levels; the river runs particularly well after big rains. Also an excellent place to hike, bike, bird watch, etc.
→ Fort Mill → Rock Hill
This city travel guide to Charlotte is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.