The botanical garden in Curitiba, Brazil
Curitibadead link is the capital of Paraná, Brazil. If you're heading for Iguaçu Falls from Rio de Janeiro or São Paulo, it's worth stopping by for a day or two. There is a great cidade velha (old city) in the center which is in a very good state, considering the fact that it's been around for over 3 centuries. There is a huge arts and crafts fair every Sunday in the old city that is well worth visiting.
Curitiba is one of the largest cities in the prosperous Southern region, and its population is largely descended from German, Ukrainian, Russian, Italian and Polish immigrants. The city is known to urban planners worldwide for its innovative public transit system.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmSource: National Institute of Meteorology (INMET)
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Many visitors from outside Brazil are not prepared to feel cold in this mainly tropical country. However, Curitiba, though close to the Tropic of Capricorn, is at an elevation of 932 meters (3,058 ft) above the sea level. These factors mean that winters (from June to September) can reach freezing temperatures, especially at night, making coats and other protection from the cold necessary. Even in the other seasons, cold nights are not unusual, though it rarely descends to 0 °C except during the winter. Summers, between December to March tend to be mild, with some hotter days of maximum through 30s °C or 90' °F, but occasional nights of 10s °C or 50s °F.
Curitiba receives ample rain, there's no dry season, and it is rare to go more than 5 days without showers. Periods of a steady light rain or drizzle may last several weeks, typically foggy and grey, somewhat similar to London weather. As in São Paulo, it is common for a day to start with a clear sky, start a thunderstorm for a few minutes and end with a beautiful sunset. Despite this, the months when it usually rains more in Curitiba are between October and March.
Snow is very rare, with the last occurrence in 2013 and before that, 1975. But there are many places within 3-4 hours by car with snows every year in the winter, specially Palmas (364 km, 226 mi) and São Joaquim (438 km, 272 mi). Frost, nevertheless, is very common within the city limits and produces painting-like landscapes in the urban parks, notably Barigui Park and Jardim Botânico (until 08:00, before the sunlight starts to melt the frost).
Curitiba's Bus & Train Station (Estaçao Rodoferroviária) is a large station with 3 terminals (train terminal, interstate bus terminal and intrastate bus terminal) provides scheduled bus service from Curitiba to all over Brazil, as well as locations in Argentina, Chile and Paraguay.
The bus is the best way to come from or go through São Paulo and Florianópolis, since the travel doesn't last too long and the bus terminals are downtown in these cities (avoiding traffic jams and long transfers to distant airports). São Paulo Station is not exactly downtown but is nearby, and has a subway station inside the terminal. Curitiba-São Paulo: travel time 6 hr, R$60–80, departures every hour (there's no need to book in advance). Curitiba-Florianopolis: travel time 4 hr 30 min, R$50–70, lots of departures every day (although not so widespread than to São Paulo).
Aeroporto Afonso Pena (CWB IATA) (in the nearby city of São José dos Pinhais and about 17 km (11 mi) from Curitiba city center). There are daily scheduled departures to São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Porto Alegre, Brasília and other major cities. It also serves flights to other Paraná State cities, such as Foz do Iguaçu, Londrina and Maringá. International destinations with scheduled flights from Curitiba are Buenos Aires (Ezeiza), although other destinations may be eventually served on a non-scheduled basis. Major airlines such as Gol, Pluna and LATAM provide scheduled services to other cities, including those in Paraná State, and international destinations. Other minor airlines, such as Passaredo and TRIP, also serve Curitiba in scheduled and non-scheduled basis.
In winter months (June–August), fog often causes the airport to close in the morning. Flights will then be cancelled or rerouted to nearby Joinville (130 km away) and Navegantes (230 km away) airports. If you want to avoid any trouble, during winter months choose flights landing or taking off after 09:00.
There are different options of ground transportation between Afonso Pena Airport and Curitiba city center. Regular city buses depart every 20–30 minutes on business days to Terminal Boqueirão, from where it's possible to transfer free of charge to buses going downtown. To find the bus stop, on the arrivals floor walk on the same direction of cars until you see the tube-like structure. The R$  fee can be paid in cash on the spot. The Airport Shuttle departs every 20 minutes on business days and is quicker than the city buses and much more comfortable, but its fare is R$ 15. Taxis are available 24 hours per day, plan on roughly R$ 60 to go downtown. There are more than 4 rental companies on site.
Curitiba has no scheduled passenger train service. However, there is a touristic train route that goes to Paraná State's ocean coast, reaching its end in Paranaguá. It is definitely a worthwhile ride for those wanting to see natural and Atlantic Forest scenery, with many waterfalls, cliffs, peaks and historic sites. For more information see the Do section.
Coming from São Paulo use BR-116 South. From Florianópolis use BR-101. From Porto Alegre use BR-116 North.
Curitiba is a household name among transit geeks worldwide and has for a time been a "pilgrimage site" for fans and proponents of Bus Rapid Transit (BRT). The idea behind the concept is to give buses many of the aspects of rapid transit without relying on rail vehicles, while being implemented for much cheaper and faster than any rail alternatives. As such, the system, known as Rede Integrada de Transporte (Integrated Transportation Network) features dedicated grade separated busways, bi-articulated and articulated buses with higher capacities than normal buses (in fact, comparable to a subway in many cases), express and "local" services that can overtake each other along the way, dedicated stations instead of mere "stops", level boarding, and offboard fare payment to make passenger able get on and off at all doors. The system has been widely praised for its success, emulated throughout the Americas, and has spurred transit oriented development near many stations, but it has in a sense been a victim of its own success with overcrowding making it difficult to handle the increase in population over the last years. Thus the city is supplementing the busiest routes with a rail-based underground metro system.
Driving can be difficult for those who are not used to the traffic in Curitiba, especially for first comers. In the central area, there are many one-way streets, parking restrictions as well as pedestrian-only and bus-only streets. Bus lanes are very common in Curitiba, as the city has over 60 km (38 miles) of them. Most avenues are wide and have spacious sidewalks and they are mostly laid out in a grid system in the city center area.
Public transportation is probably the best option for those visiting the city. The fare is R$  on Sundays, and you can connect for free between the bus routes if you connect inside the bus depots or the tube stations. There are also special services, like the City Center Circulator, which costs only R$, the Touristic Route, which serves more than 20 attractions and allows each rider visit 4 of them paying only one fare, although expensive (R$27), and the Airport Shuttle, operated with mini-buses between Curitiba downtown and Afonso Pena Airport (R$8).
Actually the best way to come from the airport to downtown is a city bus lane called "aeroporto", which final stop is on the tube just next to the airport's main entrance. The fare is R$, cheaper than the Airport Shuttle (R$10) and way cheaper than by taxi (R$50).
The public bus system is generally good in comparison with other Brazilian capitals, but overcrowded in rush hours.
The city of Curitiba has an efficient public transportation system that serves various areas, including the airport. One of the most notable lines is the E.32 Aeroporto/ T. Boqueirão, part of the Ligeirinho system. This line, recognizable by its gray-colored buses, is distinct for making fewer stops compared to other lines operating in the capital. However, it's important to note that to reach downtown Curitiba using this line, a passenger will need to transfer at a specific terminal.
Furthermore, there's an alternative option offered by the Aeroporto Executivo Company. Unlike the public E.32 line, this line has routes and stops that are more convenient for those wishing to travel directly between the city center and the airport. An additional advantage of using this line is the comfort provided by the minibuses equipped with Wi-Fi, USB chargers, and air conditioning. This premium service has a fare of 15 reais. Notably, among the stops of this line downtown, is the Shopping Estação.
Due to safety concerns, after 22:00, passengers can ask for bus drivers to stop anywhere along the route, not just in the designated bus stops. This is only valid for buses that are not part of the BRT system. After midnight, most buses stop circulating. From 01:00-05:00, buses known as "madrugueiros" circulate on an hourly basis. Bus schedules and itineraries can be consulted either from Google Maps or the city website Bus Scheduledead link (machine-translated into English).
Many tourist attractions are closed on Monday. The tourist bus is not running on that day either.
Municipal libraries, located at schools or public places, with a reference collection of five thousand books inspired by two ancient landmarks: the library and the lighthouse from Alexandria. The modular building, with a metallic structure, has a height of 17 meters and 98 square meters of built area. The internal division is simple: the ground floor – where the books are, a hall and a spiral staircase, leading to the top of the tower, where there is a lair, covered with a metallic vault and above it a rooster. The Farol das Cidades, João Gava Street, s/n° - Abranches. M-F 09:00-21:00, and on Sa 09:00-13:00. The only one of its kind, is different from the others because of its collection, made of videos and CD-ROMs, equipped with computers and connected to the Internet and to the City Hall geoprocessing, with free access to the population.
Jerusalem Fountain, Sete de Setembro Avenue, corner with Arthur Bernardes Avenue – Seminário. Pays homage to the 3,000 years of Jerusalem. The construction in concrete and masonry has a height of  meters and was designed by the architect Fernando Canalli. At the top there are three bronze angels, of approximately 600 kilos each, sculpted by the artist Lys Áurea Buzzi, representing the three main monotheistic religions in the world, who believe in the existence of angels and for which Jerusalem is a sacred city: Christianity, Judaism and Islam.
Memory Fountain, at Garibaldi Square – São Francisco. authored by Ricardo Tod, the horse head in bronze characterizing the fountain pays homage to the old immigrant colonists, who with their carts would come from their small farms at the city's outskirts to sell their agricultural products at the center.
Maria Lata D'Água Fountain, Generoso Marques Square - Center, at the vicinity of the Paranaense Museum. Together with the historic houses, it was inaugurated on May 15, 1996. Structured in concrete, it occupies an area of approximately 36 square meters and has a 60 centimeters deep water mirror. The highlight from the fountain is a reproduction of the sculpture "Água pro Morro", from the beginning of the 1940s, from Erbo Stenzel, one of the most important artists from Paraná.
Arab Memorial, at Claudino dos Santos Street – São Francisco. Opens from M-F 09:00-18:00, and on Saturdays 09:00-13:00. paying homage to the Middle-Eastern culture, it works as a specialized library. The building reminds of the architectural style of the Moorish buildings, with elements such as the vault, the columns, the arches and the stained glass windows. With just over 140 square meters of built area, the Memorial has a cube shape and is placed over a water mirror. Inside the building, over a marble base is a sculpture representing the writer Gibran Kalil Gibran. It is at Gibran Khalil Gibran Square - Center.
Curitiba Memorial - a space for art and folklore, information and memory, the past and the future. Built on an irregular land, the architectural project allows the creation of spaces and functional and creative installations. The dome, resembling a painting, makes evident the work's role of cultural origin.
Mocinhas da Cidade Fountain, at the crossing of Cruz Machado and Alameda Cabral. pays homage to the couple and country music duo Nhô Belarmino e Nhá Gabriela. With drawings from Fernando Canalli, it has columns with rods, which frame tiled pictures showing the verses of the song "Mocinhas da Cidade", immortalized by the duo and recorded for the first time at the beginning of the 1950s.
Capão da Imbuia Wood/Natural History Museum, Benedito Conceição Street, 407 / Prof. Nivaldo Braga Street, 1225 – Capão da Imbuia. Opens Tu-Su 09:00-17:30. With an internal exhibition of dioramas, stuffed animals and dehydrated vegetables. At the external area is the "Araucarias Path", a wood remnant from the Araucaria Forest, where an elevated pathway goes trough a 400 meters long path, with 12 windows and panels showing the inter-relations of the natural elements found at the Araucaria Forest and also the different products from this vegetable formation, obtained and used by Man.
Ópera de Arame (Wire Opera)
Ópera de Arame/Pedreiras Park, João Gava Street, s/n°. – Abranches. Tu-Su 08:00-22:00. R$15/person (Jan 2023). One of the emblematic symbols of Curitiba, with tubular structure and transparent ceiling, of great beauty. Inaugurated in 1992, it caters for all types of shows, between lakes, typical vegetation and cascades, on a unique landscape. The Opera is part of the Pedreiras Park, together with the Paulo Leminski Cultural Space, where the Passion of Christ was enacted, and hosted many other big events since 1989, and can receive, in open air, 10 thousand people seating or 50 thousand standing.
Japan Square, Sete de Setembro Avenue, junction with Rep. Argentina Avenue – Água Verde. Opens – Culture House – Tu-Su 09:00 to 18:00; Tea Ceremony – Thursdays from 09:00 to 16:00. homage to the sons of the "Rising Sun", who settled there dedicating themselves to agriculture. Scattered around the square are 30 cherry trees sent from Japan by the Nipponese empire and artificial lakes Japanese style. In 1993 the Japanese Portal, the Culture House and the Tea House were built.
Tiradentes Square, the main square in Curitiba and also its birthplace. On the north end of this square, lies Basilica Cathedral Minor of Our Lady of Light, centennial in 1993. Anciently known as Largo da Matriz, the square is the city's initial landmark. In 1880, because of the emperor D. Pedro II visit to Paraná, the Square became known as D. Pedro II. Nine years later, at the Republic, it has received the current name of Tiradentes Square. It is an important public transport terminal. It is a permanent meeting point, bringing fond memories to the common curitibano memory.
24 Horas Street, between Visconde de Nácar and Visconde do Rio Branco Streets – Center. The Street that never sleeps is the synthesis of a city which also never sleeps. It is 120 meters long and 12 meters wide. It is composed by 32 arches in metallic tubular structure, trademark of the modern curitibana architecture. There are 34 shops that are open eternally, from the daybreak sandwich to the bank withdrawal; from the pharmacy to the florist; from books to milk for the children. Great meeting point for tourists and curitibanos seeking leisure, pastimes, night life and good eating options. At 24 Horas street it also possible to have free Internet access, day and night. The user just has to schedule a time.
Santa Felicidade, Along Manoel Ribas Avenue. The neighborhood where some of the first Italian immigrants arriving in Paraná settled, where they dedicated themselves to the agricultural production, planting herbs, wine and cheese making and willow trees. Almost in front of the church is the cemetery, with the unique pantheon made of 18 chapels in neo-classic style, which became heritage through the Historic and Artistic Heritage. Standing out for their architecture, the Geraniums House, the Panels House, the Arcades House and the Culpi House. The greatest attraction in Santa Felicidade is that it's the culinary district of Curitiba, with a large number of restaurants offering local food and wine from the colony. There are also wineries and wine bars, craft stores and willow furniture.
São Cristóvão/Italian Wood, Margarida Ângela Zardo Miranda Street, s/n°. M-F 08:00-17:00. A place for the typical parties of the Italian community in the district, such as the Grape Party, the Wine Party and the 4 Giorni in Italy. It has structure for food and drink stalls, space for shows and folkloric presentations and a polenta pot.
Historic Area, Largo da Ordem / Praça Coronel Enéas, Praça Garibaldi – São Francisco. Complex with the oldest buildings in the city. Among these buildings are the Romário Martins House, from the 18th century and the Church of the Third Order of Saint Francis, from 1737, as well as the architectural examples inspired by the Germans, from the second half of the 19th century. On Sunday mornings, the old stones at the Largo da Ordem and the pavement giving access to Garibaldi Square, with the Rosário Church, the Flowers Clock, the Memory Fountain and the Società Giuseppe Garibaldi make the setting for the Crafts Fair, an exciting meeting point with live music.
Guaíra Theater, XV de Novembro Street, s/n, Santos Andrade Square – Centro. Live memory from the multi-faceted culture of the curitibanos, it is one of the biggest theaters in Latin America. It used to be called Theatro São Theodoro, inaugurated in 1884 at Dr. Muricy Street and rebaptized in 1900 as Guaíra Theater. It was demolished in 1930 and the rebuilding, in 1952, already at the current location, was linked to the celebrations of the Centenary of Political Emancipation of Paraná (19 December 1953). It was not finished until the 1970s. There are three auditoriums, the biggest of them with 2173 seats.
Paiol Theater, Chile Street, corner with Reynaldo Machado Street – Prado Velho. Opens daily, from 08:30–12:00 and 13:00-21:00. Symbol of the cultural change in Curitiba in the 1970s, it inaugurated the process of recycling the use of buildings which are valuable for the city's collective memory. Built in 1906, the old gunpowder barn was restored and recycled in the 1970s, becoming an arena theater. Its inauguration on December 27, 1971, was baptized by the poet Vinícius de Moraes, with whisky and a song specially composed for the occasion, "Paiol de Pólvora". In the inauguration show, besides the "poetinha", Toquinho and Marília Medalha also took part.
Mercês Tower, Prof. Lycio Grein de Castro Vellozo Street, corner with Jacarezinho Street – Mercês. Tu-Su 10:00-19:00. The highest point in Curitiba, allowing a 360-degree vision of the city, from a height of 95 meters. It is managed by Telepar and Curitiba City Hall, which promote video sessions and tourism guidance. Also there is the Telephone Museum.
Rosicrucian Order, 2641 Nicarágua Street. – Bacacheri. M-F 08:30-12:00, Sa 14:30-17:00. the Grand Lodge for Brazil of the Rosicrucian Order implemented in 1956 in Rio de Janeiro was transferred to Curitiba in 1960. The temple is part of an architectural complex of six buildings in Egyptian style, a homage to the first members who would get together in the secret chambers of the great pyramid. In the other buildings are the general administration, the Auditorium H. Spencer Lewis, a memorial with a pyramid and the Curitiba Lodge, where the library and museum are found, with reproductions of Egyptian pieces from various dynasties, including papyrus and mummies. (updated Dec 2017)
São Francisco Ruins - a space surrounded by fables, at João Cândido Square. The ruins are made of stone, of what should have been the São Francisco de Paula church, never finished. In 1811 the chapel and the sacristy were finished, but in 1860 the stones that would finish the construction were used to finish the old Matriz tower, now the Basilica Cathedral Minor of Our Lady of Light. Stories of tunnels and pirates live in the place, today filled with leisure and business spaces, stage and grandstand, forming the "Ruins' Arcades".
German Wood, Niccolò Paganini Street, corner with Franz Schubert – Vista Alegre (Jardim Schaffer). The Wood opens daily 06:00-20:00; the Library from 09:00-17:00; Story Time Sa Su 14:00. Has various features to celebrate and promote the German traditions. There are 38 thousand square meters of native forest, which was part of the old farm from the Schaffer family. The replica of an old wooden church, built in 1933 at the Seminário neighborhood, with neo-gothich decorative elements, shelters a concert hall called Bach's Oratorium. Other attractions are the John and Mary path, which tells the Grimm brothers tale, a children's library, the Philosophers Tower, a wooden observatory allowing a panoramic view of the city and the Ocean Ridge, and the German Poetry Square, with a reproduction of the Casa Mila façade, a German building from the beginning of the last century, which used to be in the city center.
Barigüi Park, BR-277 – Rodovia do Café, Km 0 – Bigorrilho. With an area of  million m², it is one of the biggest parks of the city and definitely the most visited. Not only the city residents and the tourists seek rest in the park. Guinea pigs, night herons, white herons, skunks, crown sparrows, song-thrushes and dozens of other native animals make Barigüi their home. Among the features available in the Park there are: barbeques, kiosks, cycle and model airplanes tracks, multi-sports courts, gym equipment, car park, restaurant, playground, Automobile Museum, Exhibition and Convention Center, Steam Train Station and the Environment Municipal Council headquarters.
Barreirinha Park, 6010 Anita Garibaldi Avenue, Barreirinha. Daily 06:00-18:00. – The most beautiful park of the city, one can appreciate araucarias, cinnamon, bracatingas, Paraguay tea plants and other native species. The green area, serving as an important regulator of the air quality in the region, is used by students and university teachers in practical Botanic lessons. The Municipal Forest, next to the park, has a scientific and educational role – it is responsible for the research and production of vegetable species. Among its features there are woods with over 200,000 m² of typical vegetation, children's library, playground, rustic cabin, snack bar, barbeques and car park. (updated Dec 2017)
Botanical Garden of Curitiba, Eng. Ostoja Roguski Street, s/n°. Free entrance. Opens from 06:00-21:00 during summertime; and from 06:00-20:00 during the rest of the year. Curitiba's trademark, created to resemble French gardens, rolls out its flower carpet to the visitors right at the entrance. The greenhouse, with a metallic structure, has botanic species that are national reference, and also a water fountain. The native forest is filled with paths for hiking. The Botanic Museum attracts researchers from all over the world. There is a space for exhibitions, library and a theater.
Gutierrez Wood/Chico Mendes Memorial/Dolls Theater, Albino Raschendorfer Street, s/n°. – Vista Alegre. Opens daily, from 06:00-18:00. Installed in the wood on 22 March 1989, the Chico Mendes Memorial pays homage to the amazonian rubber extraction leader, who was killed in Xapuri, Acre. It comprises 18,000 m² of green area, with paths and a natural spring, supplying 1,350 liters of mineral water hourly. It is home to the Amazônica School and the Dadá Dolls Theater.
Iguaçu Park/ Zoo, Mal. Floriano Avenue, s/n°. – Alto Boqueirão. Opens from Tu-F from 08:30-16:00; Sa Su and public holidays, from 08:30 to 17:00. The largest urban park in Brazil, with 8 million m². Equipped with car parks, kiosks, bar and snack bar, the park offers many attractions, divided in seven different areas: sports, nautics, fishing, natural wood, public orchards, ecologic sanctuaries and zoo. Here, over one thousand animals from 80 species can be seen: birds from all over South America, reptiles and mammals from many different origins, kept in an environment as close as possible to their natural habitat.
Passaúna Park, Eduardo Sprada Street, s/n° – Augusta. Opens daily. almost  million m² are within the Passaúna Basin, West of Curitiba. Almost  million m² belong to the lake created by the reservoir of the Water Supply Station. A lot of Nature can be seen from above, from the observatory, where a panoramic view surprises with its beauty and grandiosity. Ecologic trails and the Biological Station, an old brickyard, are worth visiting.
Pope's Wood, Wellington Oliveira Vianna Street, s/n°.- Centro Cívico. Opens daily from 06:00-20:00; Memorial Tu-Su 09:00-18:30. Polish immigration memorial, inaugurated on 13 December 1980, following the visit from Pop John Paul II to Curitiba, on the previous July. The area of 46,337 m² was part of the dispossession involving the old Estearina candle factory. The seven log houses composing the memorial are a live remembrance of the faith and battle of the Polish immigrants, with objects such as the old cart, the sour cabbage pipe and the image of the patron saint, the Black Virgin of Czestochowa. In Curitiba, the Polish immigration started in 1871.
Portugal Wood, Ozório Duque Estrada Street, s/n°. – Jardim Social. Opens daily. An homage to the Portuguese-Brazilian bonds, this space is highlighted by a track following a small brook, where one can see, written on tiles which mimic traditional Portuguese ceramic tiles, excerpts from famous Portuguese-language poets, as well as a tribute to the great Portuguese navigators and their discoveries.
Public Promenade, Luiz Leão Street, s/n – Center. Tu-Su, from 06:00-20:00; the aquarium works from 09:00-17:00, also from Tu-Su. used to be called Botanic Garden. The first public park in Curitiba, it was inaugurated by the president of the Paraná province, Alfredo d'Escragnolle Taunay, on 2 May 1886. It was the first big sanitation work in the city, transforming a marsh in a leisure area, with lakes, bridges and islands within the green area. A Pioneer zoo in Curitiba, even today it shelters small animals. The gate is a copy of what existed at the Paris Dog Cemetery.
Reinhard Maack Wood, 70 André Ferreira Camargo Street. Vl Hauer. Opens on weekends and public holidays from 08:00 to 17:00. inaugurated in 1989, the wood is an homage from the city to the German geologist and researcher based in Paraná, whose work has contributed to the preservation of the environment in the State. The Wood has an area of remnant araucaria forest, with unique species in the whole region; an adventure trail with educational and ecologic toys for children; recreational equipment; and an environmental education house.
Tanguá Park, Dr. Bemben Street, s/n° - Pilarzinho. inaugurated in November 1996, it has a total area of ft2|450,000}}. Highlights of the park are two quarries linked by a 45 m long tunnel, which could be crossed by walk, on a pathway over the water. The park also features a jogging track, cycle track, observatory, snack bar and Poty Lazzarotto Garden.
Tingüi Park, Fredolin Wolf Avenue, s/n° / José Casagrande Street, s/n° - São João. Park – daily; Memorial – Tu-Su 09:00-18:00; Crafts Shop – Tu-Su 14:30 to 18:00. part of the biggest linear environmental park in the Country, established at the Barigüi river margins, it reminds us of the Indians who used to live there, with the statue of Tindiqüera Chieftain. The Ukrainian Memorial is also there, homage to the immigrants, in a replica of an orthodox church, originally built in inland Paraná State, hosting a pêssankas and icons exhibition.
Tropeiros Park, Maria Lúcia Locher de Athayde Street, 10,000 – Cidade Industrial. It is open on Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays, from 08:00-19:00. Here the gaucho culture is preserved, brought by the cattle drivers who would pass near Curitiba, conducting the troops towards the Sorocaba Fair, which gave origin to various cities in the State. The park is equipped with installations suitable for rodeos and typical dances.
Pico Paraná (in Campina Grande do Sul is on the BR-116, the Mercosur Corridor, 25 km northeast of Curitiba). Highest point in the South region of Brazil.
View from the Serra Verde Express
The Serra Verde Express, a train to the coastal town of Morretes, makes an excellent day trip and is for many tourists the main reason to visit Curitiba. The views from the train are unforgettable. The ride departs daily at 08:15 in the morning, descends through some of last remaining Atlantic rainforest and offers some spectacular views (not to mention it is one of the few train rides in Brazil). On Sundays the train continues to Paranaguá, although the last bit between Morretes and Paranaguá is not very scenic. There are three price levels of the tickets claiming to offer different levels of luxury: one-way tickets are R$28 for econômico class (hard to come by), R$53 for turistico and R$84 for executivo class. Buy the cheapest ticket you can get since there really is not much difference between the cars. The return ticket is about 30% cheaper. In addition to the regular train, there's a special tourist train, the litorina, which only runs on weekends. The one-way fare for the litorina costs R$126.
One fun day trip is to leave the train in Morretes, and hitch a ride upstream by taxi or farmer's cart along the Nhundiaquara river. There is a bridge a few miles upstream in a municipality called 'Porto de cima' where you can rent an innertube (boia cross in Portuguese), and get a ride a few miles upstream on dirt roads. A fun float down the river through the tropical jungle is spectacular, refreshing, and you won't find a cleaner place in Brazil. An unforgettable day, especially if it is not a holiday time or weekend when it may be more crowded. Look for the bottle-hotel near the tube take-out point - that would be a memorable place to stay if it is open (seasonally).
Foreigners interested in learning Portuguese will likely find Celin the most affordable course for its good educational standard. It is maintained by the Federal University of Paraná.
Feira do Largo da Ordem (Largo da Ordem's Street Fair). It is an open market, happens on all Sunday mornings, there you can find craftmanship, paintings, sculptures, typical foods, street artists, ecological pencils (Natural de Curitiba), old car exhibition and a lot more.
Feira da Praça da Espanha (Spain Square's Fair). Open on Saturdays, from 10:00-17:00. It is a fair with many antiquities and book dealers, placed at the Spain Square. (updated Aug 2016)
Some of the best places to go shopping in Curitiba, just like in any other place in Brazil, are the Shopping Malls. There are 6 main shopping malls in Curitiba: Mueller (www.shoppingmueller.com.br), Estação (www.shoppingestacao.com.br), Curitiba (www.shoppingcuritiba.com.br), Crystal (www.shoppingcrystal.com.br) e Park Barigüi (www.parkshoppingbarigui.com.br), Palladium (www.shoppingpalladium.com.br), besides several other smaller ones, such as Jardim das Américas and Itália.
If you like to walk outside, there are some nice places in Batel. Walk along Carlos de Carvalho street and its crossing streets. If you are looking for something from well-known international brands like Prada, Dior, Armani, D&G and Diesel, you might like "Maison Capoani" a boutique at end of Comendador Araújo Street on Batel, near the Crystal Shopping Center.
Curitiba has a good variety of restaurants, ranging from modest to upscale restaurants.
Montesquieu Bar, Corner of Westphalen and Silva Jardim St. (downtown). These are probably the biggest sandwiches in Brazil - "x-montanha" is a sandwich that one can customize with layers of bread and meat, and it's very inexpensive (around R$).
Spich Restaurant, in front of Osorio Square (downtown). Inexpensive downtown restaurant, very simple but will supply the daily needs of calories. A variety of food complements combined with two options of meat - R$.
Santa Felicidade is a neighborhood where you can find Italian food restaurants.
Taco El Pancho, Rua Bispo Dom José, 2295. Bairro: Batel. Good Mexican restaurant.
Piola Pizzeria, Rua Dom Pedro II, 105, ☏ +55 41 3225-7725. Very nice pizza, pasta and drinks.
Churrascaria Curitibana, Avenida Iguaçu, 1315, ☏ +55 41 3233-5287. Rebouças. Good meat!
Famiglia Originale, Avenida Munhoz da Rocha, 665, ☏ +55 41 3019-0909. Cabral. Excellent Italian food, the best Strognoff Pizza!
Tropilha Grill, Rua Emiliano Perneta, 700, ☏ +55 41 3085-5444. Centro, great meat and service!
Durski. Slavic cuisine (Ukrainian, Polish and Russian) in the Old Town.
Le Rechaud. Very good Swiss restaurant good for couples, with a very reserved atmosphere.
Saanga Grill. (updated Aug 2017)
Ippon Japanese An all-you-can-eat option is offered for R$60, very worthy though (late 2011).
Taisho The best and most traditional Japanese in Curitiba. For around R$60, one can eat almost every speciality of this cuisine.
Flor da Favela, Rua Buenos Aires, 80, ☏ +55 41 3232-5380. Batel, Curitiba. A local bar inspired by Brazil's slums. Colorful decoration with graffiti, the bar attracts couples and students who get together for a glass of beer and nice food. Try the "Bolinho de Aipim", a cassava mini cake with cheese.
dead link Cat's Club, Al. Dr. Muricy, 949, ☏ +55 41 3224 5912. Downtown. One of the most traditional clubs in Curitiba, if not the most, the customers are a mix and it is the best place if you want to have fun, Paola Full Drag queen and Security will be in the door warning the people for what is coming inside, the public is of all styles gays, lesbians, bisexuals and a large number of straights.
James Bar, Av. Vicente Machado, 894, ☏ +55 41 3222-1426. Downtown. If you want to more "alternative" club, James is a good option. Wednesday night rock parties and Saturdays (Indie/Electronica) are highly recommended. Gay friendly.
Wonka Bar, Rua Trajano Reis, 326, ☏ +55 41 3026-6272. São Francisco. Classic club in old downtown. Some of the best local bands play here. A plenty of good looking girls (boys) in the weekends?
Sheridan's Irish Pub, Rua Bispo Dom José, 2315, ☏ +55 41 3343-7779. Batel. Good place to get a pint. Don´t miss the local artesanal beers.
Soviet Vodka Bar, Rua Bispo Dom José, 2277, ☏ +55 41 3022-2042. Batel. Vodkas from all over world.
dead link 5th Ave Manhattan Lounge, Rua Angelo Sampaio 1785, ☏ +55 41 3082-2464. Batel. New York style lounge bar.
Sociedade Operária Beneficente 13 de Maio, Rua Desembargador Clotário Portugal, 274, ☏ +55 41 9198-6607, sociedade13demaio@gmail.com. M 20:00 - 21:30; Tu 20:00 - 22:30; W 20:00 - 23:00; F 22:30 - 04:00; Sa 16:00 - 19:30, 23:00 - 05:00; Su 20:30 - 01:00. Founded in 1888 by former slaves, the May 13th Worker's Benificent Society holds parties that display Afro-Brazilian culture, music and dance. R$10-30. (updated Dec 2017)
The Homebrewer and Craft Beer movement in Brazil are very strong in Curitiba. If you like craft beer you could visit some of its breweries:
dead link Bodebrown, Rua Carlos de Laet, 1015, Hauer, ☏ +55 41 3082-6354. One of the most prized brazilian craft brewerie. Try Cacau IPA, Perigosa and Wee Heavy. (updated Apr 2017)
Gauden Bier, Av. Manoel Ribas, 6995, Santa Felicidade, ☏ +55 41 3273-6666. (updated Apr 2017)
Knock Knock Hostel, Rua Des. Isaías Bevilácqua 262, Mercês (10 minutes away by bus from downtown), ☏ +55 41 3152 6259, info@knockhostel.com. Breakfast included, fully-equipped kitchen at your disposal, free Wi-Fi, TV and DVD room (with home theatre), play room with acoustic guitar, table tennis, board games and books, barbeque area and terrace, luggage room, tourist info and advice, big and cozy rooms with individual lockers, bed sheets and blankets, PC with internet connection. 8 people R$45.
dead link Formule 1 Curitiba, Rua Mariano Torres, 927 - Centro (walking distance from the central bus/train station), ☏ +55 41 3218-3838, fax: +55 41 3218-3839, f1curitiba.reservas@accorhotels.com.br. Check-in: 12:00, check-out: 12:00. Formule 1 is the McDonald's or Ryanair of hotels, with spotless professionalism and good quality, although without charm. The rooms can accommodate 3 people but the price is the same regardless of how many are staying there. Breakfast costs extra. Triple R$65.
dead link YHI Hostel Roma, Rua Barão do Rio Branco 805 (In walking distance from the Rodoferroviaria, next to the old railway station.), ☏ +55 41 3224-2117. A simple, clean and quiet hostel near the city centre. The breakfast is a great buffet. Dorm R$22 for YHI members incl. breakfast.
dead link Hotel Promenade (near the central bus station). Modern hotel.
Four Points by Sheraton Curitiba, Av. Sete de Setembro 4211, Agua Verde, ☏ +55 41 3340-4000. US$236-1,451.
Hotel Deville Curitiba, Rua Comendador Araújo 99, ☏ +55 41 3883-4777, fax: +55 41 3883-4776, guestservice.cwb@deville.com.br.
Pestana Curitiba Hotel, Rua Comendador Araújo 499, ☏ +55 41 3017-9900, fax: +55 41 3017-9901, reservas@pestanacuritiba.com.br.
Bourbon Curitiba Convention Hotel, Rua Cândido Lopes 102 - CEP: 80020-060, ☏ +55 41 3221-4600.
Radisson Hotel Curitiba, Avenida Sete de Setembro 5190, ☏ +55 41 3351-2222, toll-free: +1-800-967-9033 (US/Canada), rhi_curt@radisson.com.
Curitiba has been known for many years as a safe city thanks to its low crime rate compared to Brazilian cities of a similar size, although it's been on the rise.
As in any big city, pedestrians must watch out the surroundings when walking on the streets, even during the daylight. Stay away, or move yourself fast and cautiously, from streets where there are few or no people in the sidewalks, especially around the Historical Center, anytime. Both residents and tourists should avoid rambling long distances after dusk. In spite of the fact that Curitibans are more reserved people compared to the average Brazilian, the lack of people in the streets at night reflects a general fear of thefts and assaults, as most people prefer to get around by car.
Crime involving tourists is generally non-violent and related to thefts and pickpocketing. It is recommended not to carry cameras and expensive cellphones with you when walking on the streets, specially at night. Such items may attract the attention of robbers and pickpocketers.
In general, neighborhoods are relatively safe, however caution should be exerted in the following (particularly, but not exclusively, at night):
Surroundings of the Main Bus Terminal (Rodoferroviária); if you arrive late, take a taxi even if your hotel is close.
Downtown squares - during the day are fairly safe, nonetheless, after 8PM, they are generally a hideaway to drug dealers and thefts - give preference to the streets on the edge of the squares instead of passing through them.
Batel neighborhood - always exercise common sense.
Rebouças and Prado Velho, neighborhoods within a distance of 2 km from the city center (southbound).
The neighborhoods on the south side of the city (Sitio Cercado, Fazendinha, Pinheiriho, Cidade Industrial, Tatuquara), are the poorest areas and so far the most dangerous places, albeit there are less or no attractions there to the regular tourist. Home of roughly 1/3 of the population, these places also host the majority of the city's shantytowns. More avoidable neighborhoods: Parolin (south side), Cajuru and Uberaba (east) and Campo Comprido and São Braz (west).
At night it is best to get around by taxi. The public transportation systems are almost entirely off after midnight. For more, see the section on transportation.
In general, a common-sense approach to personal safety is advised. Curitiba is a big city, and with it come the usual problems (poverty, homelessness, drugs, prostitution, etc.) Be cautious with your personal belongings, and avoid walking around empty areas by night.
Portuguese is the primary language spoken by most curitibanos. Most people don't speak English beyond simple phrases.
The quality of tap water in Curitiba is considered to be good quality and safe to drink (unless you are in an old building with outdated plumbing).
Romania, Av. 7 de Setembro, 4881, 110 andar, conj. 111, CEP: 80240-000 PR, ☏ +55 41 32443899, +55 41 99744199, consulromenia@uol.com.br, orcival@uol.com.brMULTIPLE-EMAIL. Honorary Consulate (Does not provide consular services. Instead, Romanian citizens in need of assistance should contact the embassy in Brasilia, or the general consulate in Rio de Janeiro.).
Mafra ← Fazenda Rio Grande ←
It has been suggested that Campina Grande do Sul be merged into this article or section.
This city travel guide to Curitiba is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.