Overview from top of Son Tra
Da Nang (Đà Nẵng) is Vietnam's fifth largest city. It's in Central Vietnam on the South China Sea coast, midway between Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City.
The city has neither the ambiance of Hanoi nor the hustle-bustle of Ho Chi Minh City, but has its share of sights and is close to the charms of Hoi An and the imperial capital of Hue, making it a popular vacation spot for those looking to explore the attractions of central Vietnam or soak up some sun while hanging out on the city's beaches.
The regions surrounding Da Nang (My Son, Quang Nam) were founded by the Cham Hindus perhaps 3,000 years ago, serving as the capital city and centre of the Hindu Champa Dynasty. Vietnamese invasions into the region in the 17th century significantly halted Cham development.
Given that Da Nang was the first point of colonial invasion, many vestiges of French architecture are present in the historic buildings. Da Nang was also where American combat troops first landed during the Vietnam War, and there are also many remnants of that era left over in Da Nang. During the war, many monuments and buildings were destroyed. On the way to My Khe Beach, the ruins of a military base remain in the form of helicopter hangars; however, these are now more easily spotted at the airport, which serves both civil and military flights.
Since the early 1990s, the government has been enthusiastically pursuing foreign investment and infrastructure development, and a tourism boom exploded in the mid-2010s with rustic backpacker lodges giving way to highrise hotels. Initially driven by foreign visitors, particularly Koreans, the Vietnamese themselves have also discovered the city and during holiday periods the city gets packed.
Da Nang has some of the best roads in the country. The coast road is at least four lanes from northern provincial boundary to southern provincial boundary. Compared to either Hanoi or HCMC, traffic in Da Nang is always relatively light, although huge trucks blast through every now and again and there are brief rush hours.
Orienting yourself in Da Nang is straightforward. Gorgeous My Khe Beach (Bãi biển Mỹ Khê), the "China Beach" of Vietnam War fame, runs along the city's eastern edge and continues nearly 40 km south all the way to Hoi An. Tourism in the area has absolutely exploded since the 2010s and it's fast becoming a solid wall of blingy skyscraper hotels and apartments in the vein of Miami or Gold Coast. To the west of My Khe is the wide Han River (Sông Hàn), crossed by many bridges including the famous Dragon Bridge, and on the other side is the commercial center of the city including the airport. To the north is the lush green Sơn Trà Peninsula (aka Monkey Mountain), much of which is a dedicated nature reserve.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmSource: w:Da Nang#Climate
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
The hottest months of the year are Jun-Aug, when the temperature can go as high as 40 °C, and it is very humid. There are usually tropical storms from Oct-Nov.
Da Nang International Airport (DAD IATA) (3 km southwest of the center of Da Nang, a 10-minute trip at most). There are frequent flights to Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City on Vietnam Airlines, VietJet Air and Jetstar Pacific and domestic service between Buon Ma Thuot, Da Lat, Haiphong, Nha Trang and Pleiku and internationally Guangzhou, Seoul-Incheon, Kuala Lumpur, Shanghai-Pudong, Siem Reap, Singapore, Hong Kong, Taipei and Tokyo-Narita. The shiny new international terminal has all the facilities you'd expect, but at (for Vietnam) outrageous prices; unless you fancy paying US$15 for a bowl of pho. Copy the locals and bring along some takeaway.
Taxis can be found outside the terminal, with reliable companies like Mai Linh, Taxi Xanh and Song Han usually sticking to be meter (around 70,000 dong).
If using Grab, head across the taxi lines to the well-marked dedicated pickup point.
Regular shuttle buses to and from Hoi An cost 130,000 dong per person. The journey takes about 45 min.
Đà Nẵng Railway Station. The Reunification Express makes a stop in Da Nang and takes around 2½ hr to Hue. (updated Dec 2023)
Many taxis are available outside of the station, but it's best to avoid the motorbike taxis as many times they are the same price or more than regular taxi.
See also: Vietnam#By car
Da Nang is in the middle of the country, roughly speaking equidistant from Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi. It's possible to rent a car and drive yourself, but as Vietnamese traffic in general is chaotic and dangerous, foreign visitors and locals usually rent a car with a driver.
Bus service from Da Nang to Tha Khek
Đà Nẵng Bus Station. It's a few kilometers out of the city but is served by local buses such as #2 which goes to the town centre and #1 to Hoi An.
For public buses to and from Hoi An see Hoi An#By bus.
Sleeper and regular buses (depending on the distance) depart from all major destinations in the country to Da Nang, including Quang Binh, Phong Nha, Pleiku, Phan Thiet, and Vung Tau. Booking is possible at the Da Nang Intercity Bus Station, with travel agencies and at your accommodation.
Note, from Hue the trip takes 3 hr with one refreshment stop on the way. But the bus uses the tunnel, so does not go over the spectacular pass between Da Nang and Hue.
Also from Laos: Pakse, Vientiane, Champasak, Savannakhet (around 800,000 dong) (2015).
A Grab from and to Hoi An is about 300–400,000 dong (as of April 2024).
According to reports, 300–500,000 dong is the standard rate for going to Hoi An for a regular taxi. You can try to negotiate with a taxi driver at the train station, and agree on a fare of 200,000 dong.
Da Nang port. The third-largest port in Vietnam, primarily used for cargo ships - but also serves human transport in a lesser degree.
The average cabbie speaks no English, so Grab is very useful for getting to your destination, it can even translate chat messages both ways. Rates are generally competitive with taxis, although the quality of cars or motorbikes can be a bit of a gamble. It may be worth paying the extra 10% to get a classier "Plus" vehicle.
Motorbike taxis (xe ôm, literally hug-vehicle) are plentiful (get used to hearing "you want moto?" everywhere), cheap, and are generally quite safe. All riders are now required to wear helmets, a rule that is strongly enforced. Make sure the driver supplies you with a helmet. If he doesn't, find another one, as you'll be the one stung for the fine.
Short hops around town shouldn't be more than 20,000 dong, if you go between districts this increases and all the way to the airport around 70,000 dong. Drivers are generally quite friendly and will go slower upon request. They are also not adverse to a bear hug if you are really struggling to hold on to the motorbike. Many of the moto drivers, especially in District 1, speak some English and like many Vietnamese will repay you in a flood of smiles, and probably point out all the sights, if you make a little effort to get to know them.
Taxi rates are very reasonable in Da Nang, and scams are less common than in Hanoi or Ho Chi Minh City, but you're better off going with a reputable company to avoid any hassle.
Mai Linh (mostly green with white lettering, though sometimes green or silver), ☏ +84 511 356 5656.
Vinasun (white with green and red lettering), ☏ +84 511 368 6868. have large fleets in the city and are generally honest and reliable, with meters that start automatically after the taxis have moved about 5 m.
At the airport, Mai Linh taxi wardens wear green shirts with green ties, and Vinasun wardens dark green shirts with maroon ties. These wardens can radio taxis for you. Some travellers have reported that Song Han's yellow taxis are also fairly reliable. The ride sharing app "Grab" is common and can be used to arrange for a taxi or other ride.
There are 19 local bus lines. Buses are new and all of them are air-conditioned. Ticket price is 6,000 dong per ride. In the DanaBus app (Android, iOS) you can put your starting point and destination. Then the app shows you the right bus line for your ride.
The shown route map and lines at bus stops are outdated. Every bus stop has a sign at the street. The displayed bus stop in the app is around where the actual bus stop is. The local bus service operates until 18:00.
Taxi drivers may park in front of the bus stop and tell you that the bus is not running. This is not true — they are just trying to get your business.
See also: Vietnam by motorcycle
You can rent your own motorbike in many places, especially around the backpacker area (Tran Cao Van) in District Thanh Khe. 110,000 dong should get you a decent 100-110 cc bike. Two main categories of motorbike are available for rent: scooters (automatic transmission); and four-speed motorbikes, the gears of which you change with your left foot. The ubiquitous Honda Super Cub is a common 4-speed bike that has a semi-automatic gearbox, i.e., no clutch, so relatively easy to drive. Other models may be fully manual and therefore you must also operate the clutch using your left hand. This takes a lot of skill and it's all too easy to over-rev and pull a wheelie or stall the engine. If you end up with such a bike then practice releasing the clutch gently before hitting the roads. Rental agents tend to steer foreigners toward scooters if available, on the (plausible) assumption that they don't know how to ride motorbikes that have manual gears. Motorcycles of 175 cc and above are only legal to ride if you make a connection with a Vietnamese motorcycle club.
Honda Air Blade on Monkey Mountain overlooking the City of Da Nang at sunset.
Besides riding through the Hai Van Pass the iconic motorcycle ride in Da Nang is to Monkey Mountain. Many will ride up the road by the beach following it to the Intercontinental Resort, then ride along the north side heading west and finally down the mountain to be let out near the Port of Da Nang. It's a ride similar to the 18-km (11-mile) "Tail of the Dragon" in Tennessee and North Carolina except with a steeper grade, more and sharper turns, amazing views of East Vietnamese Sea, wild monkeys and no one is checking to see if you're going over the speed limit. Other than the weekends it's common not to see another person for the entire ride leaving the mountain to yourself. If you go just before sunrise, head to the north side and are quiet you might see a red-shanked or gray-shanked douc. There are a few well posted areas that are military facilities and the signs, which are in Vietnamese and English, warning you not to enter or take pictures need to be respected. The road is well maintained but it's not uncommon to encounter a large boulder mostly blocking one's passage. There were a number of possible construction projects scheduled to begin in 2019 which will forever replace some of the views of nature for ones of hotels, condominiums and tour buses. It's recommended not to ride at night.
Renting a motorbike to travel to Hoi An from Da Nang costs about 80,000-150,000 dong per day from most hotel and rental companies in Da Nang. Locals pay about 50,000-100,000 dong. With a little bargaining and renting for a week or month at a time, you could bring down the price. Haggle and ask if they include roadside service. The distance to Hoi An is approximately 28 km and takes about 45–60 min. The route is fairly simple and straightforward, and takes you along the coastline of Da Nang, allowing you an extraordinary experience and views along the beaches to Hoi An. The traffic is light. once you get outside the city. Make sure you bring along a windbreaker or sweater, during autumn and spring, as the temperature along the coastline can be a little cold. Be cautious riding in winter or rainy season from late September to January, as the wind is strong and rain is frequent. Avoid major roadways at night.
Electric bicycles are now common in Da Nang and offer an excellent alternative to gasoline powered motorbikes. They have more than enough power to drive most of the day throughout the city, can be driven without a driver's license and are easier to drive than their gas-powered cousins. While they won't make it back and forth to Hoi An or around Monkey Mountain they're well suited for city travel. Check with the company that issued you your traveler's insurance to see if you're still covered while driving an e-bike.
For years, tourists have bypassed Da Nang on their travel itineraries, preferring to spend their time viewing the ancient imperial court at Hue or walking the streets of the old town in Hoi An. And yet, as those who call it home are aware, Da Nang has plenty of interesting and beautiful sights of its own. Nestled between the Annamite Range and the South China Sea on the banks of the Han River, Da Nang's natural beauty is hard to miss; a trip up into the mountains and down to the beach should be on your to-do list. Culturally, Da Nang once lay at the northernmost reaches of the Kingdom of Champa; the Museum of Cham Sculpture, located in the city centre, should be mandatory if you're planning on visiting the ruins at nearby My Son.
Ba Na Hill Station (Bà Nà) (about 40 km west), ☏ +84 236 3791 999. Ba Na is 1,487 m above sea level in the Truong Son Mountains. In the 1920s, it was a French resort that boasted 200 villas, restaurants, and clubs. It is known as the second Dalat or Sa Pa in central Vietnam. Its temperate climate, unspoiled forest, and spectacular views over the South China Sea and the Lao mountains made Ba Na a popular retreat for both the French and the wealthy Vietnamese. Today the area still attracts locals and tourists alike thanks to a cable car system that was opened in 2009 and set two Guinness World Records for its height and length. Great view from the top but it's really useless to stay overnight since the accommodation options are shabby and overpriced (US$80-150 per night). You need to get a taxi to Suoi Mo Station (US$25 one-way from Da Nang) then pay 550,000 dong per adult (250,000 dong for children between 1 m tall, free admission for children under 1 m tall) for the ticket to the cable car and the Fantasy Park. (Update 2024: The complete Area is an event park it called "Sunworld" and foreigner has to pay  VND now. It includes the cable cars (but not all are in use right now), the roaler coaster and another thing. For the rest, the wax museum for example, you have to pay extra. There is no other option to get to this mountain.)
Dragon Bridge (Cầu Rồng). A 2013 bridge built in the shape of a dragon, breathing fire and water each Saturday and Sunday night at 21:00.
Han River Promenade, along Bach Dang Rd (between Dragon Bridge and Da Nang Port). The beauty of the Han River has inspired poets and composers throughout Da Nang's history, and any local will probably be able to sing you a few lines of Sông Hàn Tình Yêu Của Tôi (Han River, My Love) as they stroll the edge of the water. The promenade on the western bank of the river is well built up, stretching from the Dragon Bridge in the south to the city port in the north. The promenade passes underneath the famous Han River Bridge, a swing bridge built in the late-1990s, one of four bridges across the Han you can glimpse from here (the others are the Thuan Phuoc, Dragon, and Tran Thi Ly bridges). All of the bridges light up with colorful patterns at night, making a walk by the river a delightful (and certainly romantic) escapade. Locals often gather here in the evenings to watch the water, play hacky-sack, or bring their children for a run. During the Tet season, the promenade is festooned with sculptures and art. The annual Fireworks Festival is also based here, but you're better off seeing the show from afar, as it tends to get quite crowded.
Linh Ung Temple (Chùa Linh Ứng), Hoang Sa Rd (Bai But, Son Tra Peninsula). Located on Son Tra Mountain and clearly visible from My Khe Beach, this temple has stunning views of the sea, the sky, and a 67-m tall statue of "Quan The Am" (Guanyin, the Goddess of Mercy) facing the ocean. The pagoda was built in 2010.
Marble Mountains (Ngu Hanh Son) (9 km S of downtown and across the street from many of the larger beach side resorts), ☏ +84 511 961114. The group includes Kim Son (Mountain of Metal), Moc Son (Mountain of Wood), Thuy Son (Mountain of Water), Hoa Son (Mountain of Fire), and Tho Son (Mountain of Earth). Several Buddhist temples have been built into the caves and grottoes, and it's a popular pilgrimage site. The real fun, though, is at the Am Phu cave, where you can make the steep climb up toward the light and a view from the top of the mountain, surrounded by approving sacred images; or head in the opposite direction, physically and spiritually, down to the crude Hieronymous Bosch-esque statues of sinners getting their due in the caverns below, with appropriately eerie lighting. Either way, wear walking or climbing shoes. Open-tour buses will stop here, but you'll be rushed along; any motorbike taxi in Da Nang or Hoi An will be happy to take you and let you set the schedule. Guides are available. Watch out for the rapacious statue-sellers outside. 40,000 dong but may enter for free if arriving before 08:00; tickets for a ride up by elevator are 15,000 dong.
Museum of Cham Sculpture (Bảo Tàng Chăm), #2, September 2nd Rd (next to western end of Dragon Bridge). 07:30–11:00, 13:30–17:00. Founded in 1915 by the École Française d'Extrême Orient, it houses a collection of stone sculptures from the Hindu-practicing Cham civilization, which occupied much of central Vietnam in the first millennium CE to about the 14th century. The museum can be toured in about an hour. The sculptures are nearly all made of sandstone, and some have weathered badly over the centuries, but you can still appreciate the delightful artistic quality of the figures, which include shiva, garudas, nagas, lions, monkeys, and elephants. The collection also includes striking examples of the ancient Hindu icons of fertility: lingam altars decorated around the sides with rows of breasts. The sculptures were mostly removed from the facades or interiors of Cham ruins (which would have been looted otherwise.) The ruins themselves, such as nearby My Son, now tend to be crumbling piles of bricks and somewhat disappointing, giving little sense of the spectacular artwork produced by the Cham civilization. Any visit to My Son should be paired with a visit to the Cham Museum. The collection is also interesting to compare with Balinese sculpture and the early, Hindu phase of Angkor Wat in Cambodia. The museum was given a makeover in 2019, but post-COVID the souvenir shop, cafe, interactive displays, and even the air-con has been switched off. Arrive early to beat the heat, and beware of the awkward -hour siesta during the middle of the day. 40,000 dong. (updated Jun 2022)
Aerial view of My Khe Beach, curving south towards Hoi An
Danang is justly famous for its beaches. My Khe Beach — known as China Beach during the Vietnam War, although the name is rarely if ever used locally — to the east is the top draw, gently curving nearly 40 km south towards Hoi An. While the beach is uninterrupted, it changes names several times along the way, becoming Non Nước near the Marble Mountains, Hà My beyond that, and finally An Bàng and Cửa Đại at the Hoi An end. To the northwest of the city is another long beach variously known as Nguyễn Tất Thành and Xuân Thiều (Red Beach), running all the way up towards the Hải Vân Pass.
My Khe Beach (Bãi biển Mỹ Khê), Hoang Sa Rd. Across the Han River from the city centre, My Khe Beach is a wide, sandy beach long known for its beauty. Locals will often gather here as early in the morning as 05:00 to enjoy the surf while the sun rises over the ocean. Tourists often arrive later on, when the locals have already started their day; you'll probably find that by 09:00 or 10:00 the beach is mostly deserted. An even larger local crowd gathers in the late afternoon, with folks wading, picnicking and strolling along the beach well into the night. The beach isn't steep, meaning that you can swim far out and still feel your feet touch the bottom. During busy times, lifeguards float around in coracle boats, whistling at those who venture too far out. While access to the beach itself is free, the public showers charge a token 2000 dong/person for entry (motorbike parking extra) and the beachfront cafes rent out beach chairs with a shade for around 40,000 dong. (updated Jun 2022)
Motorbike ride up Monkey Mountain (Son Tra Mountain) (follow Hoang Sa Rd. towards the mountain). If you feel like a ride with an amazing view, rent a motorbike and make your way up the side of Monkey Mountain (aka Son Tra Mountain), where an American army base used to be. Although access to the base is closed off, you can still follow Hoang Sa Rd. for a good distance and enjoy getting lost in the beautiful scenery on this road that hugs the mountainside while offering an expansive view of the Pacific Ocean. You can also stop off at Linh Ung Temple along the way, both to pay your respects to Quan The Am and to enjoy the wonderful view.
Ride a motorbike up the Hai Van Pass (Hai Van Pass) (follow the coast road N until you reach Rd 1A). The Hai Van Pass is a great day trip from Da Nang (or Hoi An). The road was called "a deserted ribbon of perfection—one of the best coast roads in the world" in the BBC show Top Gear. Since the tunnel opened, most heavy traffic has diverted from the pass, making the ride much safer, and you'll only meet a few trucks ferrying live animals or dangerous goods, plus quite a few motorbikers coming to enjoy the views. Make sure you ride down the north side of the pass all the way to Lang Co and enjoy the view of the lagoon set against a background of mountains. Make sure you fill up your tank before hitting the pass (there's a petrol station a few kilometres before the road starts climbing) as you won't find petrol there.
It is difficult to learn Vietnamese in Da Nang as the expat community is small and the demand for language learning is not great. You will be able to find many people who are willing to do language exchange with you and there are a number of qualified Vietnamese teachers. The rate is about US$5/hour.
The Da Nang dialect of Vietnamese is distinct from the Hanoi and HCMC versions, although closer to HCMC than to Hanoi. If you learned your Vietnamese in Hanoi, many ordinary people in Da Nang will have some difficulty understanding you until they realize you are trying to talk like the presenters they see on TV. Even trained teachers will tend to teach you to speak like a Da Nang person unless you emphasize that you want to learn Hanoi dialect, which is understood {eventually} throughout the country as it is the official version and that used on TV. If you spend a fair amount of time in Da Nang, either employed or as a volunteer, it is fairly easy to find recent English graduates, or students studying English at the College of Foreign Languages of the University of Da Nang who will happily work through a Vietnamese textbook with you for a lot less than US$5/hour, and this is probably as good a way as any to acquire some Vietnamese. There are Vietnamese course books for foreigners: Teach Yourself Vietnamese (Huong Dan Tu Hoc Tieng Viet, a Complete Course for Beginners) by Dana Healy is one of the best; Jake Catlett and Huong Nguyen's Vietnamese for Beginners is easier and less comprehensive; Nguyen Anh Que's Vietnamese for Foreigners is good and has a lot of material and vocabulary.
There are a number of schools (ILA, Apollo, Academy English Center, and the University of Da Nang) where qualified teachers can teach English. The salaries are many times above the average national wage.
Shops often operate from the ground floor of their homes, selling any number of things: coffee, bánh mì sandwiches, dry goods, clothing, SIM cards and more. Walk a little farther and you'll eventually come across a neighbourhood market where people sell fresh foods like fruits and vegetables, eggs, meat, and fish. You can do a lot of shopping but be aware that, as a foreigner, you're likely to be overcharged unless you haggle. There are an increasing number of supermarkets appearing where prices are fixed.
Night markets (chợ đêm) are a particularly popular choice for shopping and eating after the heat of the day has died down.
Son Tra Night Market (Chợ Đêm Sơn Trà). Riverside location near the Dragon Bridge, with about 150 stalls. Touristy but convenient. (updated Jun 2022)
Helio Night Market (Chợ đêm Helio). Located near the Danang Sports Hall, Helio is the largest and flashiest night market in town. Often has live music. (updated Jun 2022)
Han Market, 119 Tran Phu St (corner of Tran Phu & Hung Vuong). 06:00-21:00. A typical Vietnamese market, with vendors selling everything from shoes to silk and souvenirs, candles to coffee, and candied plums. The upper part of the building is mainly dedicated to clothing, accessories and silk, while the lower part is mainly dedicated to foodstuffs. There's an extensive fruit and vegetable market on the side that's closest to the river, from which you can access the Han River promenade. Be prepared to haggle for prices, like at any neighbourhood market.
Big C supermarket, 255 Hùng Vương (corner of Hung Vuong and Ong Ich Khiem). Large supermarket complex with a mall beneath it and food court above. There is also a CGV cinema on the top level. The Western-style supermarket is on the third floor. The parking entrance is on Ông Ích Khiêm.
Lotte Mart shopping centre. Large shopping complex with a cinema on the top level. (updated May 2015)
Metro Cash & Carry, Cach Mang Thang Tam St (near Hoa Xuan bridge), ☏ +84 511 3644933. 06:00-21:00. An international chain of cash & carry supermarkets, Metro carries most of the things you'd expect to find in Western supermarkets: a variety of groceries (including fresh, fully refrigerated meat, if you're squeamish about buying meat at the open market), clothes, home and office supplies, electronics, and more. It's a little far from the city centre, but it's easily accessible by taxi, so you can stock up and carry all your bags home easily. You can also arrange for delivery at a nominal cost. Metro requires a membership similar to other membership-only retail warehouse clubs. Also similar is that many times they will extend a one day membership upon request.
MoonMilk Supermarket. Daily specials and reduced good, and cheap L beer. (updated Dec 2023)
Oceans Western Goods (Blue Ocean Market), 30/7 Trần Phú, Hải Châu (between Lê Duẩn and Quang Trung), ☏ +84 90 5 60 50 50 (mobile). A small shop that specializes in Western goods, featuring things that are hard to find elsewhere, whether at Big C or Metro: spices, oatmeal, Nutella and baking supplies. If they don't have it, there's a good chance they can order it. Fixed (though expensive) prices for everything. Indispensable if you're spending any length of time in Da Nang. (updated Jan 2018)
Danang Souvenirs & Cafe, 34 Bach Dang St (next to Novotel), ☏ +84 511 3827 999. 07:00 - 20:30. Specialises in tourism souvenirs and gifts about Vietnam and Da Nang. They design their own products, and there is a wide range to choose from, including such typical souvenir products such as t-shirts, teddy bears, key rings and magnets. (updated Jun 2015)
Đặc Sản Làm Quà Đà Nẵng (Tiem Qua Cua Lan), 23 An Thuong 26 (near by beach), ☏ +84 935122618. 08:00 - 22:30. The place for travelers to buy gifts in Da Nang City, Viet Nam. All gifts are special and reasonable price. Service for local customers also, not only for travelers. 50,000 dong. (updated May 2023)
Mi quang, a regional specialty, at Mi Quang 1A
Although not a culinary capital like the ancient imperial capital Hue, Da Nang still has more than enough variety to keep you well fed throughout your stay. Seafood (hải sản) is popular, so you shouldn't be surprised to see plenty of fish (cá), shrimp (tôm), squid (mực), clams (nghêu), snails (ốc), the list goes on. There are many vegetarian restaurants which are listed as "Quán chay" ("vegetarian") or less frequently "Quán ăn chay" ("vegetarian restaurant"), and most are vegan. The vegetarian restaurants have a wide selection of dishes and are generally cleaner than places that are not vegetarian.
Then there are regional specialities like mì Quảng, or Quang Nam-style noodles, featuring chicken, shrimp, quail eggs, peanuts and rice crackers in a turmeric-spiced broth; bún chả cá, or rice vermicelli with fish sausage; and bún mắm, or rice vermicelli served with a strong fish sauce that's not for the weak of palate. Central Vietnamese love their food to be spicy, so be warned that the chili peppers (ớt) can be strong even if small.
Bún bò Huế ở Đà Nẵng. The local version of the classic dish from Quán Thảo.
The night markets (see Buy) are also a great place to feast on local food cheaply.
Downtown (around the Han market Chợ Hàn)
Phở 29 - Phở Hà Nội, 1A Trần Quốc Toản, Hải Châu 1. Bun cha, banh xeo and the fried rice are nice. Huge portions and good staff with customer service. Nice ambient sidestreet seating and many drink choices. (updated Jan 2023)
Edo Sushi, 27 Thái Phiên, Phước Ninh, Hải Châu. Budget Japanese restaurant. The dishes are diverse. Most of the staff are students. (updated Jan 2023)
Cơm gà A.Hải, 100 Thái Phiên, Phước Ninh, Hải Châu. Typical basic Vietnamese restaurant. The chicken rice that the locals also enjoy is nice. Both the roast chicken and thinly steamed chicken rice are tasty. The chicken soup served first is also tasty. (updated Jan 2023)
Bánh Mì̀ Bà Lan, 62 Trưng Nữ Vương, Bình Hiên, Hải Châu, ☏ +84 93 564 62 86. 16:00-19:00. One of the most famous sandwich carts in the city. Try their bánh mì que which is a string baguette filled with a pork pâté. US$1 (Jan 2018). (updated Aug 2022)
Mi Quang 1A, 1 Hải Phòng, Hải Châu 1, Q. Hải Châu (take Lê Duẩn heading east, turn left onto Nguyễn Thị Minh Khai, first right onto Hải Phòng; it's on the right), ☏ +84 236 3827 936. 06:30-21:00. Mi Quang 1A is one of the best known mì quảng restaurants in the area. While still good it has lost a bit of its luster over the years. Prices are higher than most places at 30,000 to 45,000 dong (Jan 2018). Make sure you are in Mi Quang 1A as there is a "copycat" place next door. Before going in grab a fresh sugarcane juice from the cart in the front. (updated Aug 2022)
Bún Mắm Vân, 23/14 Trần Kế Xương, Hải Châu 2, Hải Châu, ☏ +84 236 3818 009. 13:00-20:00. Bún mắm is an extremely pungent noodle dish made with a fermented fish sauce called mắm nêm. Mắm nêm can best be described as "smells like hell, tastes like heaven." Bún Mắm Vân is in what is called "Bún Mắm Alley" where a few bún mắm shops have congregated. You can smell this alley from a block away. Try the bún mắm thịt quay or bún mắm with roasted pork. If you are put off by the smell of strong fish sauce this is not the place for you. If you like bún mắm this place is heaven. US$1 (Jan 2018). (updated Aug 2022)
Kenta Vietnamese cuisine & coffee, 39 An Thượng 3. Hot pho. Very good food. They offer a vegetarian version of bun (cold vermicelli noodles) on request. The lemongrass and chilli tofu is nice. Amazingly friendly service. Warm people. Nice cozy environment. (updated Jan 2023)
H Coffee, 89 Hoàng Kế Viêm. Recommended is the Bo ne Viet Nam steak. Bahn mi is good. The setting is quite tranquil with open spaces in a natural setting away from the hustle and bustle of the city life. The staff are nice people. (updated Jan 2023)
Taco NGON, 83 Hoàng Kế Viêm. Small taco restaurant. The tacos are nice (recommended is the BBQ pork), as are the fresh fries and the tortilla chips. If you're expecting them to open a pack of Doritos and put it on the plate, you're wrong. They fry the tortilla chips to order so they come warm and full of flavour. The owner is enthusiastic and always smiling. It's no stress and has a curbside street food vibe. (updated Jan 2023)
Pho Viet Kieu, 65 Phan Tứ. Local restaurant. Nice Pho. Still there's rice, so if you don't like pho, you can enjoy it. The menu is diverse. The owners are friendly. (updated Jan 2023)
Cơm Nhà Linh, 35 An Thượng 26. Delicious food, true to the homemade style, suitable for the North. The set menu is full of meat, fish, soup, vegetables, peanuts and eggs. If you are craving something local, they don't disappoint. Great experience to grill your own meat at the table. The service might be a bit slow though. (updated Jan 2023)
Thìa Gỗ Restaurant Da Nang, 53 Phan Thúc Duyện. Real Vietnamese cuisine. Good food. Nice pho. Many traditional Vietnamese street food dishes done in a more comfortable setting. The location is little bit hidden. Very friendly staff. (updated Jan 2023)
Chân Gà Nướng Hai Còi - Delicious BBQ Chicken, 58 Nguyễn Văn Thoại. Hai Còi is a local restaurant. There are 3 locations with the same boss. Still, the original house seems to be the best one. The stir-fried noodles are good. The chicken wings are very good, seasoned and grilled over charcoal fire. (updated Jan 2023)
Mỳ quảng cá lóc ở Đà Nẵng at Quán Dung Mỳ Quảng, Tp. Đà Nẵng. Quảng Province style noodles with snakehead fish.
Kangaroo Bar and Burger, 229 Hồ Nghinh. Good for brunch. The pancakes are delicious. And the yogurt and fruit menu is very good. A lot of Vietnamese people come here to eat. Excellent service, quality and kindness. (updated Jan 2023)
Bún mắm Bé Hà, 130 Bùi Hữu Nghĩa. Great local place. Casual restaurant. The Bun Mam is good. The rice crackers are recommended. From afar, you can already smell the fish sauce. If you are a foreign tourist this is a good choice. (updated Jan 2023)
Quán Thảo, 135, Dương Trí Trạch, An Hải Bắc, Sơn Trà (take Phạm Văn Đồng (heading towards the beach), left on Lê Minh Trung, right on Morrison and a quick left on to Trí Trạch; Quán Thảo is on the right). 06:00-10:00. Traditional street food establishment frequented mostly by locals for breakfast, on a quiet side road. While Ms Thảo serves Mì Quảng or Province of Quảng style noodles, she's known for her bún bò or beef noodle soup. Some like to add a baguette for an additional 5,000 dong. 20,000 dong (Jan 2018). (updated Sep 2022)
NOT EXISTING LISTING IMAGE Quán Dung Mỳ Quảng, 99 Nguyễn Thị Định, An Hải Bắc, Q. Sơn, ☏ +84 122 727 4421 (mobile). 06:00-21:00. Well known for their mì quảng cá lóc, the best known noodle dish of Đà Nẵng, served with broad rice noodles, fresh greens, a broth seasoned with turmeric, shallots and garlic topped and with peanuts. It is served in a shallow and pungent pool of broth unlike its better known cousin phở, which is milder and fills the bowl. Cá lóc is snakehead fish; when prepared correctly, which this place is known for, has a mild flavour and very light texture. Take some of the fresh greens and stir them into the broth to give them a bit of warmth and flavour making this dish half salad and half soup. Menu with prices are on the wall. As the restaurant faces west, if you go around sunset, you'll have a pleasant view. Plenty of parking. The cleanliness of Quán Dung Mỳ Quảng is to Western restaurant standards. 20,000 dong (Jan 2018). (updated Jul 2022)
Bún mắm thịt heo luộc ở Đà Nẵng from Bún Mắm Vân, Đà Nẵng. Rice noodles served with boiled pork and a strong, fermented shrimp paste, Đà Nẵng style.
Red Sky Bar and Restaurant, 248 Tran Phu St, ☏ +84 511 3894895, redskydanang@live.com. An expat-run Western restaurant. The food is nice, always delicious with generous portions. The staff are good. Prices are above average by Vietnamese standards, but not too expensive for the quality of food and service received. (updated Sep 2022)
Hải sản Mộc quán, 26 Tô Hiến Thành. Seafood. Busy and crowded with locals. (updated Sep 2022)
Happy Heart Cafe, 57 Đ. Ng. Thì Sĩ, Bắc Mỹ An. Tasty food, friendly people. (updated Sep 2022)
Pizza 4P's Hoang Van Thu, 8 Hoàng Văn Thụ. Great Restaurant. Good location, superb service and very tasteful food. (updated Sep 2022)
Torino Restaurant & Bakery, 164 Châu Thị Vĩnh Tế. Italian food. The pizza dough is excellent. (updated Sep 2022)
Com Nieu Nha Do, 176 Nguyễn Tri Phương (near the airport, across from March 29 (29/3) Park), ☏ +84 511 3990086. 10:00-22:00. Cơm niêu is a type of rice that's baked in a clay pot and served with any number of sides — beef, chicken, fish, hot pot — but it's the way it's served that catches your attention. Waiters come out of the kitchen bearing hot clay pots straight out of the oven, pull out hammers, smash them at your table, and fling the crusty, baked rice inside back and forth across the room. Otherwise, the food is what you'd get at a normal restaurant, but it's fun to see the show. There are many of these restaurants on Nguyen Tri Phuong St, but this one is a favourite. (updated Sep 2022)
Tanks of live seafood at Ngoc Huong
Da Nang's favorite splurge is live seafood (hải sản) restaurants, dozens of which can be found around the My Khe seafront. They all follow basically the same formula: pick your victims from the tanks (or simple plastic buckets in cheaper backstreet joints), say how you'd like to have them cooked (the staff is happy to make recommendations), and before you can say "and some Larue beer please" the dishes will start piling up on your table. Use caution when ordering though: you'll be guided to the most expensive items like lobster, crab and exotic fish, which can easily rack up a bill of hundreds of dollars. If the menu says "market price", or the labelling of the tanks is not clear, double-check the price before ordering.
Bambino, 122 Quang Trung. Quiet location, good food wine selection. Australian steak grilled to order. International, French and local foods, run by a French couple. A good place for a quiet meal with friends. (updated Jan 2023)
Limoncello, 187 Tran Phu St, info@limoncelloVN.com. 12:00-23:00. Great Italian food with homemade limoncello. (updated Jan 2023)
Memory Lounge, 7 Bach Dang St (on the riverfront, just north of Han River Bridge), ☏ +84 8 511 3575899. 07:00-23:30. Quite possibly the most expensive place to go for coffee in Da Nang. The high-end Memory Lounge overlooks the river — in fact, it was built directly on top, jutting out onto the river and accessible from the promenade. Built by the wife of a former president of South Vietnam, it's quite a fancy affair — with foreign chefs blending Asian and European cuisines and using organic and sustainable ingredients to create an impressive menu. (updated Jan 2023)
Ngoc Huong, 9 Võ Nguyên Giáp St (My Khe Beach, next to Radisson). 10-22. A typical but tasty live seafood neon emporium, with the motto "there is no seafood that is not available", as a glance at the nightmare fuel giant isopod tank will confirm. Fear not, they also have everything else from shrimp to imported Alaskan king crab, plus a wide variety of local molluscs, hotpot, and more. (updated Jan 2023)
Dac San Tra Tien (Da Nang Pineapple and Jasmine Tea), 46 Nhon Hoa 17, Hoa An, Cam Le, Da Nang (near Centre Bus Station of Da Nang city), ☏ +84969431513. Whether you're a tea lover or just looking to try something new, Da Nang Pineapple and Jasmine Tea is a must-try beverage that will leave you feeling refreshed and satisfied. So, come to Da Nang and indulge in this delicious and unique tea experience. (updated May 2023)
Bamboo Bar 2 (corner of Bach Dang and Thai Phien). Popular haunt for expats. Bamboo 2's owner speaks excellent English, there are always foreigners there.
Festival Disco (on the second corner going up river from Cau Song Han on Tran Hung Dao). The newest disco and the only one on the My Khe Beach side of the river. It's part of a complex with a restaurant and karaoke rooms. If you buy the staff a drink here (a normal thing to do in this kind of disco-night club) they can be very aggressive about drinking it fast and running up a big bill for you.
Golden Pine. This is a popular bar opposite Memory Lounge on the river side. Open till 04:00 or last customer, they play music on request from customers. Lots of regulars here and a casual vibe. (updated May 2015)
Green Town Bar, 50 Bach Dang St. One of relatively few bars open past the witching hour and most expats drop in there for either an early evening or late night drink. The view is excellent with an outdoor terrace and 2 big pool tables inside. The prices are very reasonable. Food is available until 22:00.
New Phuong Dong Disco, 20 Dong Da (near the mouth of the Han River). New Phuong Dong has a resident Ghanaian DJ and many visiting singers from Saigon and Hanoi.
Red Hot Bar, 179 Nguyen Van Linh (on Nguyen Van Linh St). A real late night place. ("Late night" is more flexible in Da Nang than in Hanoi. Most of the time discos and places like Red Hot, an approximations of a Thai girlie-bar, close at 01:00 or 01:30, but if the police decide to crack down, they may unexpectedly close at midnight or 00:30).
Coffee is a large part of the Vietnamese culture and it's enjoyed differently from place to place. Coffee served in Da Nang and throughout Central Vietnam tends to be stronger than coffee served in the south. One of the most popular variations of coffee in the south is "cà phê sữa đá Sài Gòn" which is coffee prepared in a "phin" filter and served with sweetened condensed milk in a tall glass filled with small cubes of ice. When in doubt what type of coffee to get this is the one to order. In Da Nang and throughout central Vietnam they tend to drink a style of coffee called "cà phê phin sữa đá Đà Nẵng" which is similar to "cà phê sữa đá Sài Gòn" but is instead served in a short glass with one large block of ice, which melts as slowly as the coffee drips down from its metal filter—leaving them time to chat with friends, colleagues, or whoever might be sitting nearby. A common variation is "cà phê sữa đá Đà Nẵng" which is similar except the coffee is brewed before serving as some places brew their coffee in batches. Try both the Saigon and Danang versions. On cold days many will drink "cà phê sữa nóng" which is a hot and very strong coffee with sweetened condensed milk served in a 100 ml glass. Expect to pay 15,000 to 30,000 dong.
There are several kinds of coffee shop in Da Nang, from street-side cà phê cóc, through mid-class shops to more luxurious ones. Most offer Wi-Fi nowadays, in case you want a place to relax and get online.
Ngoi Café. A inexpensive and comfortable little café. (updated Dec 2023)
Walk down any street in Da Nang and you will no doubt come across a group of Vietnamese men squatting on tiny plastic chairs, sipping cups of coffee—often sold out of a cooler or a drink cart—as they chat with friends or playing Chinese chess. This is cà phê cóc (literally, "frog coffee", from the way patrons squat to drink):
Ca Fe 49, 49 Loseby, Phước Mỹ, Sơn Trà (take Phạm Văn Đồng east until the end, turn left onto Võ Nguyên Giáp, take second left onto Loseby), ☏ +84 236 3932 995. 06:00-15:00. Ca Fe 49 is a simple, family-run, outdoor cafe serving excellent coffee at a good price. Enjoy a "cà phê sữa đá Đà Nẵng" while enjoying a quiet view. The husband and wife owners are friendly. Recommend if you are out in Sơn Trà. US$1. (updated Jan 2018)
Long Coffee, 123 Le Loi (corner of Le Loi and Quang Trung St). Crazy popular cà phê cóc-style coffee shop in Da Nang that serves and sells its own brand of coffee—not the best, according to some, but very popular with locals. It's always busy, noisy and smoky, but that's part of the atmosphere. Go there with a local friend to shoot the breeze and enjoy a quintessential Vietnamese experience.
Mid-class shops are found everywhere; the drinks are quite cheap and they are a place to relax or meet friends. A step up from cà phê cóc, these shops are usually quite comfortable and serve a variety of non-alcoholic drinks besides coffee, such as tea, smoothies and fruit juices.
An's Café, 5 Hoàng Kế Viêm (corner of Le Loi and Quang Trung St).
Café Vi Lan, 79 Le Hong Phong St, ☏ +84 511 3565 346. Comfortable, typical coffee shop that plays soft music and plays HBO movies on mute. Upper floor is air-conditioned.
CheRo, 79 Le Dinh Ly St.
Hai Quynh Café, 468 Hoang Dieu St. Known as the "Rock Coffee Shop", where you can enjoy coffee and listen to rock music at the same time. You can request songs. Usually, they play ballads and soft rock in the daytime and hard rock and metal in the evening (very loudly).
Scorpions, 140 Yen Bai St.
Tuy Anh Chinese Chess Coffee Shop, 79 Le Dinh Ly St (on the corner of Do Quang and Le Dinh Ly). Hangout for coffee-drinking Chinese chess enthusiasts.
Luxurious coffee shops can be found on many streets of the city, they are quite nice and elaborately decorated—with higher prices to match. Many can be found along Phan Chau Trinh St. Some incorporate open-air gardens, with air-conditioned areas indoors, and some even feature live music in the evenings.
Trúc Lâm Viên, 8 Trần Quý Cáp (Near Da Nang Port), ☏ +84 511 3582 428. 06:30-22:30. Pleasant garden-style café. Food is a little expensive; worth it mainly for the décor. Tends to be busy. (updated Mar 2018)
Highrise hotels at My Khe Beach
Long gone are the days when backpacker lodges nestled by the palm trees at My Khe beach. Today virtually the entire 40 kilometer stretch down to Hoi An is covered in hotels, hotels and construction sites for yet more hotels, and this is where the vast majority of visitors to the city will end up.
As a rule of thumb, hotels at the north end closer to the city are high-rise, set back from the ocean and often cramped, but offer easy access to the city and tons of eating options. The further south you go, the more spacious and resort-like they become, but getting anywhere at all will require a lengthy cab ride. Prices run the gamut, with Western brands charging a heavy premium for predictable dependability, while local hotels often cater more to local tour groups.
There are many small hotels along the east side of the river (Tran Hung Dao St), which may be as cheap as 90,000 dong for a double room and have Wi-Fi, hot water, air-con, tv and fridge. Pham Phu Thu is a good street with many budget hotels in the center on the west side of the river.
Danang Backpackers Hostel, 106 Nguyen Chi Thanh, ☏ +84915571505, info@danangbackpackershostel.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 12:00. Cheap, clean and spacious hostel. Breakfast included, free playing billiards, free beer every night, fast Wi-Fi. Comfy beds, A/C, hot shower. English speaking staff 24/7. US$6. (updated Jun 2015)
Dang Viet Hotel, 11-12 Ho Nghinh (one minute to the beach), ☏ +84 5 1139 41445, tapdoandangviet@gmail.com. Air-con, comfortable beds, fast Wi-Fi, hot showers, refrigerator and international cable TV. Staff speak English. From 300,000 dong.
Funtastic Hostel, 115 Hai Phong (500 m east of train station), funtasticdanang@gmail.com. Modern hostel with comfy beds, big lockers, good Wi-Fi and friendly English speaking staff. Breakfast on the rooftop, with some nice views, is included and the hostel offers a free daily shuttle to Hoi An and airport dropoff. Dorm: 150,000-180,000 dong, Double: 430,000 dong. (updated Jan 2017)
Funtastic Beach Hostel, 5 Hà Bổng, Phước Mỹ, Sơn Trà (East on Phạm Văn Đồng until end, right onto Võ Nguyên Giáp, first right at Đình Nghệ, first left at Hà Bổng and first right into the alley. Funtastic is the yellow building on the left.), ☏ +84 2363 928 789. Sister hostel to the Funtastic City Hostel on Hai Phong and very similar except it's a three minute walk to the beach. Excellent staff most of which speak English. Ask them about their local restaurant suggestions and their food tour. 160,000 dong. (updated Jan 2018)
Hải Hòa Guest House (Hoa's Place), Unnamed street, Bãi tắm non nước, Trường Sa, Ngũ Hành Sơn, Đà Nẵng (adjacent to the north side of the Meliá Danang Resort, on the right when heading towards the beach), ☏ +84 236 3 969 216, hoasplace@gmail.com. Hoa's Place is a well known and long serving homestay run by Hoa and his wife which has a very friendly atmosphere and has become a local gathering place.. Hoa speaks excellent English and happily greets you with a smile. A few years ago due to expansion from the Meliá Danang Resort Hoa had to rebuild in an adjacent lot. For many years Hoa's Place has been a gathering spot for backpackers in the evenings, as Hoa hosts "family dinners." For about US$ you get treated to an all-you-can-eat buffet, courtesy of Hoa's wife. As a child Hoa worked for the US Marines and his place has also become a respite for some returning war veterans. Picnic tables are full of travellers inside this tiny cafe, starting around 19:00. Closed during Tet. Email for reservations. Hoa can also recommend English speaking motorbike mechanics. (updated Jan 2018)
Nhà Nghỉ Cát Tường (Nha Nghi 278), 278 Lê Đại Hành, Hòa Thọ Đông, Cẩm Lệ (from the airport head south on Nguyễn Hữu Thọ, turn right onto Lê Đại Hành), ☏ +84 5 1138 44877. Cheap, but nice guesthouse with Wi-Fi, hot water, air-con. Possibly closed. Call first. 200,000 dong for a single room.
Thien Duc Motel, 187 Dong Da, ☏ +84 511 382 5232. An OK option, although services are far from superior. US$8.
Danang Carpe Diem Hostel, Dinh Thi Hoa Street, An Hai Bac Ward, Son Tra District, ☏ +84969347968, info@carpedieminn.com. Check-in: noon, check-out: noon. Complimentary breakfast consisting of specialities, sausage, bacon, ham, fresh fruits, eggs any style, bread and homemade jam every morning. High security standard of key card access, free wifi in all area, big lockers, free luggage storage on check out day and quick laundry service.Front desk is always available, US$10.
Sea Wonder Hotel, 57 Nguyen Cong Sau, Phước Mỹ, Sơn Trà (take Phạm Văn Đồng east, left at Hồ Nghinh and take the fourth left onto Nguyen Cong Sau), ☏ +84 5 1135 06143, +84 9 8323 8256. The Sea Wonder is similar to other basic hotels in the area. The great advantage is that it's on a beautiful and quiet street very near the beach, cafes, taxis and street food. The rooms are clean and the staff friendly. A taxi into the city can be found one street over and costs less than US$2. US$10. (updated Mar 2024)
Conical Hats Homestay, 1, Nguyễn Công Sáu, Phước Mỹ, Sơn Trà, ☏ +84 163 714 9914, nguyenphuonglankt@gmail.com. Conical Hats Homestay is a family-run, budget, long-term homestay also available for weekly rentals. Located in a new building it's situated in a quiet neighborhood and only a five minute walk to the beach. While lacking some amenities it offers a pleasant change to staying in a hotel or hostel offering a kitchen on the first floor. Lots of great street food and coffee right out the door. The staff is helpful, friendly and speak some English. Email them for details. (updated Jan 2018)
Rom Casa Da Nang, Lot 26 An Thuong 4, Ngu Hanh Son, Da Nang (300m from My Khe Beach), ☏ +84 901969373, info@romcasa.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 12:00. Unique hostel offering private rooms and dorms in... shipping containers! Pool as well is made out of a container. Rooftop terrace. Common room with board games and table football. Library. Free WiFi accessible from the whole property. All rooms feature AC, lockers, reading lamps, power sockets. On site bar. Working space. Very clean, modern & eco-friendly hostel. Very friendly staff members who speak excellent English. US$12 for dorm beds, US$30 for private rooms (double beds). (updated May 2018)
Dai A Hotel, 51, Yen Bai St, Hai Chau District, ☏ +84 5 1182 7532. A friendly old hotel. The owner is involved with charity. You can visit "the Northwind Broom Workshop" and "Bo Mung Orphanage". US$17-30. (updated Mar 2024)
My Khe Beach Hotel 1 and 2, Truong Sa St (Just S of the beach plaza & roundabout at Vo Van Kiet Rd), ☏ +84 511 6260 214. These old-school low-rise hotels, both under the same management, are comfortable and very reasonably priced especially given that they are just the other side of the beach road from My Khe Beach, but still only a five minute or less moto ride from downtown. My Khe 1 is older, has smaller rooms, but the electricity does not go off in the room when you leave; My Khe 2 has very large rooms, caters more to groups of Saigon tourists (My Khe gets lots of Vietnamese business and government travellers, plus some tourists and some Lao visitors, business or government). Staff at both places are friendly and pleasant, with adequate English. The only downside is no in-room Internet access. From US$18, breakfast included, air-con room with refrigerator and private bath (My Khe 1) or shower (My Khe 2). (updated Mar 2024)
Night Sky Hotel. Opened early 2015. Large Samsung TV with lots of good reception cable TV channels. Free breakfast included. Nice quiet location but a little out of town. Their free bicycles more than makes up for that. US$18-35. (updated May 2015)
Red Beach Resort and Spa, Nguyen Tat Thanh St, Hoa Hiep Nam Ward, Lien Chieu District, ☏ +84 5 1138 42767. All rooms are equipped with LCD TV with cable channels, balcony/lanai/terrace, Air conditioning, complimentary breakfast, private toilet, and bath. Restaurant, spa, swimming pool, Pearl Island tour and water sports facilities. From US$72.
Sanouva Danang Hotel, 68 Phan Chau Trinh, ☏ +84 511 382 3468, info@sanouvadanang.com. The Sanouva Danang Hotel is a city hotel at the center of Danang. US$40. (updated Mar 2024)
Sao Minh Business Hotel, 137 Nguyen Du St, ☏ +84 5 1135 30555. Spacious and cosy rooms, all equipped with air conditioning, TV with cable channels, and mini-bar. Facilities include business centre, restaurant, and bar. (updated Mar 2024)
Furama Resort, Truong Sa St (15 min from Da Nang International Airport), ☏ +84 5 1138 47333. One of the first five-star resorts built in Da Nang, and thus unusually spacious. 198 rooms and suites. The resort has its own dive centre, spa, and health centre. Club Tourane opens daily from 20:00-02:00 with a Filipino Band. Hai Van Lounge serves cocktails and light snacks. Many restaurants. From US$175. (updated Dec 2022)
Grand Tourane Hotel, 252 Vo Nguyen Giap, Son Tra District (My Khe Beach). The hotel includes 189 rooms with 22 floors. It offers 2 conference rooms, restaurant with Asia and Western food. Its facilities include spa and swimming pool, tennis court, fitness room/gym, bar, and café. From US$100. (updated Dec 2022)
Hyatt Regency Da Nang, Truong Sa St, Hoa Hai Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, toll-free: +1 800 233-1234. 200 comfortable rooms and 27 ocean-view villas. From US$200. (updated Dec 2022)
InterContinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort, Thọ Quang, Sơn Trà (Take Phạm Văn Đồng east until the end, turn left onto Võ Nguyên Giáp which turns into Hoàng Sa. Follow Hoàng Sa up the mountain. Look for the large sign on the left.), ☏ +84 236 3938 888. This might be the finest hotel in the city. It's where US President Trump, Russian President Putin and other world officials stayed during the 2017 APEC conference. Located in a very secluded area and has a private beach. From US$500. (updated Jan 2018)
Pullman Danang Beach Resort (formerly Lifestyle Resort), Truong Sa St, Ngu Hanh Son District (Bac My An Beach), ☏ +84 5 1139 58888. From US$400. (updated Mar 2024)
Radisson Danang, 170 Vo Nguyen Giap, ☏ +84 236 3898666. Opened 2022, this skinny high-rise across the road from the beach typifies the latest wave of hotels in Da Nang. The regular rooms are nothing special, but the spacious corner suites with wraparound balconies have amazing views across the bay and are available in both 2 and 4 person configurations. Solid breakfast buffet and more great views from the rooftop pool/bar on the 21st floor. From US$100. (updated Jun 2022)
Sala Danang Beach Hotel, 36-38 Lam Hoanh Street, Son Tra District. (updated Dec 2022)
TIA Wellness Resort, Vo Nguyen Giap St, ☏ +84 2363 967 999, info@tiawellnessresort.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 12:00. Resort with pool villas, offering complimentary wellness classes. $300 and up. (updated Nov 2022)
Levenin Spa, 231 D. Đình Nghệ, An Hải Bắc, Sơn Trà, Đà Nẵng, ☏ +84794510520, leveninspa@gmail.com. Check-in: 2019-3-11. This place is located in small alleys, chosen by many tourists for relaxation. 10-100$. (updated Mar 2024)
Free Wi-Fi is available in restaurants, cafés, the train station, larger plazas, ho(s)tels, and some supermarket chains.
There are also still plenty of Internet and Gaming cafés scattered around Da Nang that will charge a small fee for an hour's use of web, e-mail, or whatever you like.
There's a convenient post office branch right on Bach Dang Road, right next to the Han River Bridge. There are also major branches in each of Da Nang's districts, so you can drop off a letter or postcard wherever you might be.
Bach Dang Post Office, 64 Bach Dang Rd (Next to the Han River Bridge), ☏ +84 511 3849 054.
Cam Le District, 296 Cach Mang Thang 8, ☏ +84 511 367 3234.
Lien Chieu District, 138 Nguyễn Lương Bằng, ☏ +84 511 3732 630.
Son Tra District, 4 Trần Quang Diệu, ☏ +84 511 3950 686.
Thanh Khe District, 251 Nguyễn Văn Linh, ☏ +84 511 3652 334.
Da Nang Women's Hospital, 26C Chu Văn An, ☏ +84 511 2222 055, fax: +84 511 2222 056. The Women's Hospital has a very good reputation in Da Nang for its quality of service, especially for prenatal care. (updated Apr 2016)
Family Medical Practice, 50-52 Nguyen Van Linh Street, ☏ +84 511 3582 699, fax: +84 511 3583 049, danang@vietnammedicalpractice.com. Family Medical Practice is a national group with clinics in Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, and Da Nang. Costs are higher than at regular Vietnamese hospitals, but the care is good, and trusted by expats; the resident doctors are expats themselves. Check up from US$70. (updated Apr 2016)
Hoan My Hospital, 161 Nguyen Van Linh (corner of Nguyen Van Linh and Phan Thanh), ☏ +84 511 3650 676, fax: +84 511 3650 272. M-Sa. Established around ten years ago, many expats in Da Nang find Hoan My to be a good approximation of a Western hospital, with many doctors and nursing staff having been trained in America, Europe, Australia, and elsewhere. The downside is that costs of care approach those of Western hospitals but much lower than Family Medical. Checkup 300,000-400,000 dong. (updated Apr 2016)
In general, you'll find that Da Nang is a safer and far more laid back city compared to hectic Hanoi or Ho Chi Minh City. As the number of tourists rises, of course, things begin to change. That doesn't mean you'll have to walk down the street clutching your bag like you would in bigger cities. Still, it pays to observe some rules of thumb to avoid unnecessary hassles:
Avoid wearing ostentatious jewellery or clothing that flaunts your (comparatively) rich lifestyle.
Carry cash and copies of important papers in a thin wallet rather than in a large purse.
It's safe to leave a rented motorbike outside during the day, but be sure to bring it inside during the night.
While cannabis is fairly common and sold at some bars it's still illegal and possession carries a stiff penalty.
Like other cities in Vietnam, crossing the road can be a challenge, since roads are wide and the traffic never stops. Walk at a predictable pace so motorbikes can swerve around you and try to cross together with locals until you get the hang of it.
One thing to beware of is the standard taxi scam: When going on a long trip to Ba Na Hills, Hue, or elsewhere, an unscrupulous taxi driver may stop and agree to a very low price for a return journey. Once you reach your destination, he triples or quadruples the price, knowing you have no other options. When you do return to your hotel—parking the car slightly away or out of sight of the main entrance—he locks the doors and demands the price first before letting you go. To avoid getting caught in this kind of situation, stick with taxis from reputable companies such as Mai Linh or Vinasun, and agree a price with them. To play it even safer, take your driver to the hotel reception to confirm the price again and leave the taxi details, including the licence plate number, with hotel reception.
Another scam that appears to be reported for transport from Da Nang airport to Hoi An at night, is that even when the driver confirms that he knows where the hostel is located, at some point he says he needs help from a passerby to locate it and, just by chance, this person will speak English fluently. This person then boards the taxi saying he will help the driver giving directions and eventually will start promoting his business to the passenger. To avoid this scenario it is suggested that for late arrivals a private transfer be arranged with a travel agency or with the hostel in advance. The extra cost may well be worth the peace of mind.
Da Nang is less Westernized than Hanoi or HCMC, so it can be more difficult to feel settled here. All the same, the locals are friendly/curious enough to always be willing to help you, even when there is no common language.
Pulled or accident (motorbike)
Most local "Công An" (pine green uniform) and traffic "CSGT" (tan uniform) police in Da Nang will recognize an International Drivers Permit (IDP) which most likely means a quick traffic stop and being sent on your way after a simple paperwork check. This is less certain out in the country.
Immigration department, 7 Tran Quy Cap. For visa extensions.
Hoàng Gia, K61/14 Ba thang Hai Street, Hai Chau, Danang.Vietnam, ☏ +84 511 224 4766, info@thientamlawoffice.com. Attorney and certified English translator.
Cham Islands – 20 km across the bay from Da Nang
Hue – The ancient capital and gateway to northern Vietnam, 2 hr by bus
Hoi An – only 45 minutes away by bus or taxi
Quy Nhon – If Da Nang is just too much for you, head to this inexpensive and tourist-free alternative, half way to Nha Trang — yet off many people's radar and still a tranquil and authentic, lively and pleasant city with a much (among the locals) hyped beach.
This city travel guide to Da Nang has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!