For other places with the same name, see Freetown (disambiguation).
Freetown is the capital city of Sierra Leone and is the heart of the Western region, with around a million inhabitants. It is on a peninsula on the south bank of the estuary of the Sierra Leone River. The city lies at the foot of the peninsula mountains and faces one of the best natural harbours on the west coast of Africa. The peninsula is home to some of the finest beaches in Africa - Lakka Beach, No. 2 River Beach, Bureh and Toke Beach are some examples.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmSource:w:Freetown#Climate
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Freetown, like the rest of Sierra Leone, endured some very difficult times during the civil war. It was occupied by rebels twice and the resident population and infrastructure suffered badly. As stability returned, many Sierra Leoneans fled the rural areas to the city to escape the carnage.
Though the country has been peaceful since 2002, the population of the city is still much higher than it was prior to the war. This has put pressure on land and local services. Many areas of jungle have been cleared to house the new residents. Some claim that the US government has not helped the situation with their new embassy development at Leicester. Some blame the new developments for severe flooding of the city during the rainy season. Deforestation has also been blamed for a shortage of water in the city.
Freetown has a tropical monsoon climate. Daytime highs normally averages around 30 °C (86 °F) and nighttime lows around 24 °C (75 °F) around the year. December to April is the driest time of the year, with hardly any rain at all. During that time of the year, the dry Harmattan wind blows from Sahara. From May to November, expect heavy rain, especially in July and August each with more than a metre of precipitation on average, and rainfall practically every day.
Freetown International Airport (FNA IATA Lungi International Airport) (in Lungi, on the other side of the estuary from Freetown), ☏ +232 22 338405. A new airport terminal was opened in 2023. Departure procedures, which used to be very difficult, are not a problem any more. Airport facilities and experience compare favourably with other countries in the region and even Europe. There is a $25 fee for use of the airport when entering or leaving.
Getting from the airport to Freetown can be a challenge and the safety of the various operators has been questioned. There are a number of fast boat services that cross the estuary, and most foreign visitors use this option for roughly US$45. To pick them up, just walk to the right after exiting the airport building. Sea Coach Express operate boats from next to Mahera Hotel to the Aberdeen bridge for NLe1,080 (leones)). Sea Bird Express can take you to Murray Town and Sovereign Ferries to government wharf. Sea Coach Express or Sea Bird are convenient for most foreign travellers as they avoid the slow route through the crowded east end of Freetown. Construction of a bridge is expected to start by the end of 2024.
Another possibility is on the overloaded Government ferry which runs to the main part of Freetown. A seat on a bus which uses the ferry costs Le60,000. The bus takes passengers to Rawdon Street in the center of Freetown. This trip can take 3 hours or more, and has been known to take 8 hours. By road it is at least 4 hours to the city, via Port Loko.
The ticket for Government ferry costs Le11,000.
Finally, some private boats cross the estuary. This is not recommended at night.
Because of possible thefts, especially when leaving the country, it is wise to carry anything of value in your cabin luggage. Having your checked baggage wrapped in cellophane at your point of origin is another good tactic.
The historic cotton tree in central Freetown before its collapse
Sierra Leone's public railway service was closed in 1974. A railway museum has been opened at Cline Town and is well worth a visit. Many of the original railway buildings and signs can still be seen in and around Freetown, particularly at Hill Station and Congo Cross. It used to be possible to walk along much of the track bed, starting near the Hill Station Club and dropping down the hill via Congo Cross into Freetown, but road construction has made the route hard to find.
Many roads in Freetown have been reconstructed and a bypass road has also been built to link the western part of Freetown to the rest of the country, cutting out the congested eastern part of town. The roads via Leicester and along the coastal part of the Freetown peninsular are also being reconstructed. Work has been completed on the roads through Aberdeen and Lumley, including the beach road. Regent Road from Wilberforce through Hill Station has been completed as a dual carriageway. Maintenance of other roads is often very poor.
Governmental buses by the Sierra Leone Road Transport Corporation run from major cities. Alternatively, get in by poda poda (minibus).
Some cargo ships, mostly from Conakry and Banjul also take passengers. From places in Sierra Leone, along coasts and waterways, it may be possible to get in by speedboat. Seacoach Express have a fast ferry service from Conakry.
Local taxis run fixed routes and are shared rides. For the uninitiated, there is no real way to figure out where they are going, and they're busy making a living rather than trying to explain everything to foreigners. But they're so cheap (Le1,000), you can just hail one and see how long it takes you the right way before making a turn! Empty taxis will assume that foreigners want to charter a taxi (see below) and not share it. To let them know you prefer a shared ride, just declare "no cha cha" when you get on board.
You can charter a taxi (cha cha) for a few hours, a day, or even days if one wishes. A decent price per hour is about US$5, for a day around US$50. Taxis can be hired for a complete journey, which really should not exceed the equivalent of US$4 for a trip within Freetown. The drivers do expect to be negotiated with, so don't be scared—be cheeky and negotiate! A very convincing bargaining tactic is to let the driver know that if he gives you a good price and you like his service, you will keep him on your speed dial for longer chartered rides. Having a trusted taxi driver on your phone shortlist is generally a very good idea for female travellers, anyway.
Poda-podas (minibuses) are a more miserable shared ride option, but are more straightforward for longer trips, as they display their start and end points on the front of the vehicle. If only you knew what those landmarks meant! "Lumley" will take you to Lumley Beach via the southern bridge, "Aberdeen" will take you to Aberdeen via the north bridge from Murray Town, "Eastern Police" will take you to the big clock tower at Kissy Road on the East Side (this is a good place to get dropped off to find a poda-poda to Waterloo). If you are looking for downtown, locals call it "Tong".
However, if you feel this isn't the route for you, hotel taxis are usually available in much better condition; and they are regulated. These will also cost up to around US$10.
Car hire is possible and can normally be arranged through the hotels or local car dealerships. They will normally come with a driver. Journeys outside of Freetown often may require a 4-wheel drive vehicle and will cost more, typically US$150 plus fuel per day, including driver.
However, if you wish to mingle with the locals—which is encouraged, as it creates more social inclusion—you may be surprised. Local people can help you find your way around town, hire taxis for you, and introduce you to their friends and families and, in some cases, ceremonies taking place. They can also cook for you, as Sierra Leoneans are very hospitable people. Many tourists tend to fall in a trap where they visit and hang around with only familiar people. It's better to see visiting Sierra Leone as a social/cultural holiday, allowing visitors and locals to exchange customs and at the same time experience the "diamond in the rough". Seeing the good and bad parts is what makes visiting Sierra Leone an experience to remember.
Old locomotives at the National Railway Museum.
Many of Freetown's attractions are underdeveloped and not well publicised. The relatively low numbers of tourists visiting has meant there was not adequate incentive or financial reward for developing them. However, there are many hidden gems that can be well worth finding. It is not unusual to be the only visitor to some of them.
A visit to the Aberdeen district will give a break from the busy city centre. It's a short drive from any part of Freetown by car or taxi. The roads are now very good, but watch the speed bumps on the beach road and Sir Samuel Lewis Road. There are small stalls along the beach road selling 'tourist' fare. There are some more modern shops on the beach road at various points. There are plenty of hawkers on the beach selling sunglasses, fruit, peanuts, clothes, etc. Just behind the Tourist Office is a good craft market and is much less hassle than Big Market.
There are several colonial stilt houses at Hill Station. Most are in a poor state but offer insight into how Colonial Officials lived in the past. Downtown the old board houses are typical Krio architecture showing influence from the Caribbean.
Wilkinson Road is home to many larger businesses and retail outlets. Also some of the more popular restaurants.
Cape Sierra Leone Lighthouse (At the end of the peninsular close to Barmoi Hotel. Head towards the radar tower.). The lighthouse was built in 1812 by the British. It is in good condition (it was refurbished in 2010). There are some stunning views of the Atlantic ocean. If you are lucky and can find someone, the local staff will show you around.
National Rail Museum, Cline Street. M-Sa 10:30AM-5PM. The Sierra Leone National Railway Museum is one of only two government-funded railway museums in the world, the other being in the UK. The museum has several steam and diesel locomotives and carriages, including one which was planned to be used by HM Queen Elizabeth II during her state visit. All have been restored. A guide will usually show visitors around. By donation.
Sierra Leone National Museum, Siaka Stevens St. See artefacts from the past including masks, relics from the war, local costumes - guided tours. Sierra Leone National museum has a repllica of the De Ruyter Stone. The original is buried at King Jimmy Market (it was discovered but reburied to protect it against vandalism and weathering). In 1664, in the Anglo-Dutch war vice admiral Ruyten made inscriptions in on the stone as he was raiding British posts along the coast.
Tacugama Chimpanzee Sanctuary, ☏ +232-76-611211, info@tacugama.com. Outside Freetown and will require a 4 wheel drive vehicle. Follow the Regent road through Hill Station and Leicester. Watch for the entrance on the right. Open twice daily at 10:30AM & 4PM 7 days a week by appointment. Le 30,000, Le 15,000 for children.
Charlotte falls. Charlotte village southwest of Freetown.
Cotton tree. An ancient tree known to have been standing in the middle of the city since at least 1787. Freetown was established at this tree on 11 March 1792 by slaves freed by the British and returned to Africa as thanks for fighting in the American War of Independence. As such it is a symbol of the city, and home to countless bats that fly around in daytime.
Supreme Court building, 26 Siaka Stevens St. Next to the Cotton Tree.
Portuguese steps (Old Wharf steps). These steps connect the lower Commissariat at the landing area to the French Company building on Wallance Johnson street. Despite their name, it was the British colonial governor Sir Charles MacCarthy who had them constructed in 1818; the Portuguese colonised this area but not longer when the steps were built.
St. Johns Maroon Church. Finished in the 1820s, this is one of the oldest churches in Freetown still in use. It was built by Maroons, former slaves from Jamaica returning to Africa.
St. George's Cathedral. Finished in 1828 as one of the most impressive churches in the city, today it is the cathedral church of the Anglican Diocese of Freetown.
Fourah Town Mosque (Jamiatul Atiq Mosque). Finished in 1830, this is a large Sunni mosque in the Fourah Bay neighbourhood.
Sacred Heart Cathedral, Siaka Stevens St. The headquarters of the Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Freetown, and one of four Catholic catedrals in Sierra Leone. It was dedicated in 1887.
Three historical cannons. At the city limits, installed there to demark the limits, though they couldn't to serve the original purpose very well nowadays as they are hard to find. The first is at the junction of the Kissy, Ross and Blackhall Roads. Known as the "Kissy Gun", it's the oldest and the one best visible. The second is on Leicester Road or Mountain Road, and as the current road doesn't go in the same place, it's reportedly not visible. The third one is where the Pandema and Merewether (present Jomo Kenyatta) Roads meet. This too takes effort to find.
Sierra Leone Peace Museum, ☏ +23276819242. Dedicated to telling the story of Sierra Leone's decade-long conflict and reconciliation. Features interactive displays that illustrate the chronology of the conflict and the ensuing peace process, with galleries, photos, and a memorial garden. The Human Rights Commission is one of the stakeholders in the organization. (updated Jul 2020)
The beaches are beautiful and mostly unspoilt. Most popular places like Lakka Beach, No. 2 River Beach and Bureh Beach offer simple but descent accommodations. Poda's (minibusses) will only take you until Lakka junction. If you want to continue with public transportation you'll need to go by okada (motorbike). If you're driving yourself a good vehicle will be required as the road conditions are pretty bad once you leave the main road. The peninsular-road is being reconstructed and it is complete from Lumley to Sussex. The beaches are often not well sign-posted, so watch carefully or use GPS. The tracks to the beaches can also be very poor.
The following beaches are listed counter clockwise around the peninsular, starting at Aberdeen.
Lumley Beach. The main public beach and rubbish dump close to Freetown itself facing the Atlantic with shops, restaurants, hotels, golf course, as well local clubs. The beach is popular for football, running and is normally crowded on holidays and the weekend. A paved pathway now runs the length of the beach, popular for walking and jogging, especially when the tide is in. Avoid the the Aberdeen end which is covered with rubbish. It is better near the golf club.
Goderich Beach. Goderich is not known for its beach, most people drive past on the way to other beaches. Anywhere else, this would be a top attraction.
Lakka Beach. Takes about 10 minutes driving from Lumley. Here are many places to eat and sleep. The Hard Rock Café (no connection to the international brand) on the rocky peninsular has great views on the beach and offers, just like Paul's and Club Med, superb fresh seafood. These places also have excellent accommodation. Palm Beach (formally the Cotton Club) is in a very bad shape but will soon be renovated.
Hamilton Beach. This beach has become a mining site.
Sussex Beach. The popular Franco's restaurant is here. Nice setting, good food but really slow service.
No. 2 River Beach. Driving further, for another 20 minutes will get you to No. 2 River Beach. The villagers have set up a community project to look after this stunning beach and river outflow. There are some small craft shops and a bar serving cold drinks and fresh fish/lobster. If you are old enough to remember the 1970s Taste of Paradise commercial for the Bounty chocolate bar, this is where it was filmed.
As from Tokeh junction you'll find yourself driving on an excellent, modern and smooth paved road. However, the following beaches are also well reached driving around the other side of the mountains (Bai Bureh Rd or Regent Road), depending on your starting point from Freetown. If you take this route, turn right at Waterloo.
York Beach. Grey sand beach, but interesting little fishing village with some old Portuguese relicts.
John Obey Beach. Stunning beaches and two small restaurants (if you can find them). Home of the settled Tribewanted dead link initiative.
Bureh Beach. Stunning beach and river. Not many restaurants so bring your own for a great picnic.
Kent Beach. Besides the beach, Kent has some interesting historical sites. First off there is the 'slavery administration office', where slaves were kept and registered before sending them away. You'll find remains of the walls and buildings of this colonial settlement. Secondly you can visit an old residence of Siaka Stevens.
Banana Island Beaches. Two of the most secluded beaches in the country.
Bunce Island is one of the most important historical sites in Africa with regards to the history of the United States. Attempts by African Americans to find their ancestry via DNA testing have shown more ties to Sierra Leone than to any other country, and the slave forts of Bunce Island were the busiest in the then-called Rice Coast of Africa, sending countless numbers of captured slaves to the Southern US.
While the ruins are fairly large, they are completely overrun with vegetation, and long-awaiting restoration. There is no development of tourist infrastructure here whatsoever, unless you count the guestbook.
Getting to Bunce Island is simple enough if you are willing to drop at a minimum $150 to charter one of the long wooden fastboats from Kissy Ferry Terminal. For a nice speedboat from Aberdeen, where the speedboats leave for Lungi Airport, you'll need about US$300. Neither option guarantees much guidance when you arrive, though.
So, if you are a solo traveller without US$150 to blow, this becomes a gruelling adventure. The most sensible way to do this (and it's anything but sensible), is to catch a passenger boat (one of the long dugout wooden motorized fastboats) from Big Wharf (to the east of Kissy) in Freetown straight to Pepel (~US$2). There will in all likelihood be only one of these per day, only on weekdays, and it should leave around 3PM or so, so you would need to be there earlier to make sure you get on it. Try to see Bunce Island upon arrival, so you can catch the fastboat back early in the morning, after staying in Pepel with the permission of the chief (budget at least US$15-20 in leones so that you are able to pass 10,000 notes to all the necessary hands). Realistically, this won't work, though. So plan to spend the morning going to the island, then return to Pepel and hire a moto-taxi to take you on the 90 minute dust-choked journey back to Tagrin (~US$5-10) to catch the Ferry to either Kissy or Government Wharf in Freetown. The boat back and forth to Bunce Island from Pepel, including waiting, is going to run at least US$30 in leones. Budget travel to Bunce Island doesn't really work.
Freetown Golf Club, Lumley Beach Road. A round of golf or tennis at the club just off the beach at Lumley. (updated Apr 2020)
Casino Leone, 72A Cape Road. Gamble at the Casino in Aberdeen. Also has a bar, spa and beauty salon. (updated Apr 2020)
Search out the remains of the railway infrastructure, from Hill Station, via Congo Cross to the center of Freetown.
Discover colonial warship wrecks by scuba diving or snorkeling at Banana Island and a bbq on Jonobo beach
Sport fishing Charter a boat for some world class game fishing or join the amateur angler's short fishing trips from Banana Island's fishing lodges.
Local crafts are relatively expensive and little is unique to Sierra Leone (some items on offer not actually made here) except country cloth, gara (tie-dyed) cloth, batik pictures and wood carving.
Freetown has a few high-quality restaurants, but very little in the tier below that. Being on the Atlantic coast, some excellent seafood is on offer. Barracuda, grouper, and lobster are readily available. Freetown has a large Lebanese community. Consequently, some very good Lebanese food is available at most restaurants. Following the opening of an ice-cream factory, ice cream cafés are becoming popular.
Fresh peanuts called "Granite" (ground nuts) from the local sellers on Lumley beach and throughout Freetown.
Crown Bakery Restaurant, Wilberforce Street, Freetown Centre. The only "Western" restaurant on the city centre.
Crown Bakery Express, Wilkinson Road. Clean and modern sandwich bar. A good place for lunch, and has WiFi.
Diaspora, 2 Pricilla Street (off Shiaka Stevens).
Roy's Beach Bar, Lumley Beach Road (Kinston upon Hull Highway). Good food served on the beach road.
Country Lodge Hotel Restaurant, ☏ +232 76 69000, fax: +232 22 235688. HS 51 Hill Station. Excellent views over the city, live jazz on Thursdays. The peppercrust stake is very good, Mongolian night every Friday
The Hub Restaurant (also does take-away pizza/delivery), 4 Regent Rd, ☏ +232 22 232872. Wilberforce. Fully air conditioned and very popular. Be careful not to get stuck in the car park.
Sierra Lighthouse Restaurant, 5 Man of War Bay (Turn left in front of Bintumani Hotel), ☏ +232 22 236676. One of the oldest restaurants in Freetown now, it has a good view over the bay.
Indochine Restaurant, 64 Sir Samuel Lewis Rd, ☏ +232 22 2733452. Aberdeen. Particularly good Chinese/Thai food in a smart air-conditioned restaurant. They have another restaurant in Conakry.
Balmaya Arts Restaurant, 32B Main Motor, Congo Cross, ☏ +232 22 230055.
Mamba Point Restaurant at Lagoonda (Close to the Hilton Cape Sierra site). Refurbished to a high standard in 2015. The people behind this came from the Mamba Point at Wilberforce which is now the Hub. They brought the staff, great food and name with them. It is rated as one of the best restaurants in Freetown. Arrive early and sit on the terrace with the best view over Man o'war bay. They also have a smart air conditioned indoor section. The Lagoonda Casino is upstairs. (updated Aug 2016)
Bliss Restaurant, Wilkinson Road (Opposite RFSLAF HQ). Fine Asian food. They have indoor and outdoor seating. This is one of Freetown's long serving places and worth finding (there is no sign outside). (updated Aug 2016)
Gigibonta, Lumley Beach road. Italian style cakes and ice-cream in a new café. Expensive but very nice. Free wifi is available. (updated Aug 2017)
Apart from the hotels and restaurants, there are many bars along the beach road.
There are countless small bars along every street, often catering for just a handful of customers.
A former "must-see" for any visitor was Paddy's on the road into Aberdeen which was renamed as Quincy's. This bar was famous and was the only place to be consistently open during the war. Now only the derelict entrance remains and is likely to be replaced with an apartment block. Star beer is available on tap in better bars. Also worthy of a visit is the Hill Station Club at Hill Station. This old gentleman's drinking club was looted during the war, but the building survived and the bar will be opened for visitors. If you are lucky you will be allowed to see the snooker room, where the tables appear untouched for many years and old champions' names are still on display.
On Sir Samuel Lewis Road (same as Paddy's) there is also a small local pub, called Tribes, with a pool table.
Hill Station Club. Gentleman's club, dating from colonial times. In a much dilapidated state but the bar still serves beer.
Oasis, Murray Town Road (100 m down from Rokel Bank on the opposite side of the road. Drive down a track and it looks like a private house.). One of the few decent places to drink/eat in Murray Town. Good food, but most noteworthy for the excellent fruit smoothies.
Quincy's (Paddy's), Sir Samuel Lewis Road (Near Aberdeen Bridge), ☏ +232 76 651 655. It was one of the oldest bars in Freetown. Quincy's serves a small selection of freshly made grilled food with a handful of sides. The bar stays open until dawn and operates as a nightclub. A VIP section allows customers to party in air conditioned luxury. Two good pool tables are always busy with a great atmosphere. In their own words, they 'don't close, until you finish drinking'
Papaya, Family Kingdom, Aberdeen. Elevated bar which has replaced Angels Delight restaurant. Serves limited range of good food: kebabs and pizza. (updated Oct 2015)
Freetown has some high standard hotels. All in the splurge section will offer air conditioned rooms with power available 24 hours per day. Hotels in the Aberdeen area are closest to Lumley beach. There are very few options in the main part of the town itself. During the busiest time of the year (December–March) it can be hard to find a room in the better hotels. Booking ahead is advised.
YMCA, 37 Fort street, ☏ +232 22-22-3608. Fan or A/c single/double rooms with breakfast. Le200 000-250 000-350 000.
Sweet Mother’s Guesthouse, Lumley Beach Road (new road), ☏ +232 79 193747. Complimentary breakfast included. Run-down place with security issues but it’s quiet, private and friendly with accommodating staff. US$.
Lakka Beach Island Resort, ☏ +232 99 230968. An island resort, bungalows with en-suite, restaurant and bar.
Radisson Blu Mammy Yoko Hotel, 17 Lumley Beach Road, ☏ +232 79454000, info.freetown@radissonblu.com. Refurbished to a very high standard.
Hilton Cape Sierra Hotel. Once the most well known hotel in Freetown. The redevelopment has stopped and shows little sign of restarting. (updated Jan 2024)
Leone Lodge, Lumley Beach Road (directly across the road from the beach). Popular with the mining companies, so can be difficult to get a room. Wireless internet works intermittently. Close to some of the beach bars/restaurants. US$150.
Bintumani Hotel, ☏ +232 88430068.
Hotel Barmoi, Aberdeen (Behind the old Cape Sierra Hotel site), ☏ +232-22-234933. Well run hotel with good views of the Atlantic Ocean and a nice small pool. Best rooms are in the lower block. Cheaper rooms in upper block have no view. Wireless internet is available and quite good. This is one of the most popular hotels in the country. Book ahead to be sure of a place. US$124-150.
Country Lodge Hotel, HS 51 Hillstation, ☏ +232 22 235589, fax: +232 22 235688. Hill Station. Well located and popular hotel overlooking Freetown. Has a pool, fitness room and good bar/restaurants.
Family Kingdom, ☏ +232 76777949. Across the road from the beach.
Golden Tulip Essential Kimbima (Kimbima Hotel), Bintumani Drive. Near Man o' War Bay, Aberdeen. Overlooking the Atlantic. Take the road to the Bintumani Hotel and turn right just before the hotel entrance. Refurbished and rebranded as Golden Tulip in 2016. (updated Jul 2016)
Lacs Villa. If you need to be in the Brookfileds/New England area then this is a good option. Also close to the government ministries in Youyi building.
The Hub Hotel (formerly Mamba Point), Wilberforce (Top of Spur Road, not far from British High Commission). They have one of the best restaurants in town, including a smart sushi restaurant. The hotel has been upgraded and renamed. It has a nice swimming pool.
Sierra Bay Hotel And Residence, ☏ +232 77 393999. Man of War Bay, Aberdeen. Also has a fine restaurant offering Lebanese and local cuisine. The grilled fish is highly recommended.
Lungi Airport Hotel (Turn right out of airport then first left). Close to the airport. Has good air conditioned rooms, swimming pool, bar and power most of the time.
Roy Guest House, 54 Lumley Beach Road, ☏ +23279655677, royguesthouserestaurant@gmail.com. Small but good hotel next to one of the most popular beach bars. US$120.
New Brookfields Hotel, Jomo Kenyatta Road, New England, ☏ +232 30 000 120. Refurbished hotel in the New England area. This is a few minutes from the centre of Freetown. US$150. (updated Oct 2015)
Atlantic Lumley Hotel. Luxury hotel on the Lumley Beach road. Opened in second half of 2017. (updated Nov 2017)
Swiss Spirit Hotel & Suites Freetown (Swiss Spirit Hotels & Suites), 38 Spur Road, Freetown, ☏ +232 77 399-399, reservations.freetown@swissspirithotels.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 10:00. Swiss Spirit Hotel & Suites Freetown is in the trendy residential area of Freetown, close to the British High Commission, not far from the Lumely Beach and the Freetown Golf Club. Guests arriving from the airport should take the Sea Coach Boat Service followed by a 15 minutes transfer from the jetty to the hotel by car. From US$ 110. (updated Jun 2018)
Home Suites Hotel, Aberdeen roundabout. One of the new breed of luxury hotels appearing in Freetown/Aberdeen. Home Suites is a very high standard modern hotel with a good restaurant. Fully air conditioned. Credit cards are accepted. (updated Jul 2019)
The Lead Hotel, 72a Cape Rd, Aberdeen (Opposite Cape Sierra Hotel). As of 2024 this is the newest and highest standard hotel in Freetown. (updated Jan 2024)
Greece, 5 Sir Samuel Lewis road, P.O. Box 528, ☏ +232(22)234707, ssdeen@yahoo.com.
United Kingdom, 6 Spur Road, ☏ +232(22)232961. Also provides assistance to citizens of France
Serbian Consulate, DSTV office, Wilkinson Road.
US Embassy, Leicester, ☏ +232 22 515000, +232 76 515000.
Romania, 3 Wilberforce Street, ☏ +232 88 005 005, ahmad.mackie@honcons-romania-sierraleone.org. Honorary Consulate (Does not provide consular services. Instead, Romanian citizens in need of assistance should contact the embassy in Abuja, Nigeria or the embassy of another European Union member state.)
Violent crime is rare in Freetown. However, there have been some incidents in Lumley and Aberdeen at night, near the clubs and bars. Petty crime is common - take care of possessions and be wary of leaving valuables in rooms. Thefts from luggage at the airport on the way out of Sierra Leone aren’t as common anymore, but do not leave luggage unattended.
The unrelenting heat and humidity can make life uncomfortable. For anyone not used to this, an air-conditioned room to sleep in will be almost essential.
BBC World Service can be heard on MHz (FM) and Western style commercial station Capital Radio on MHz.
Orange, Africell and Qcell have fast 3G and 4G/LTE coverage in Freetown.
Government buses depart for Bo at 06:00am. Le150,000.
This city travel guide to Freetown has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!