Indore (Hindi: इन्दौर Indaur), the commercial capital of Madhya Pradesh, is on the Malwa Plateau. While growing at a fast pace, it still manages to combine traditional and modern lifestyles. Indoris are well known for their warm and friendly attitude. The city is officially the cleanest in India, a distinction it has earned through the dedicated efforts of its local government.
Indore is situated at an altitude of 553 m above sea level, on the banks of two small rivulets - the Saraswati and the Khan. They unite at the centre of the city where there is a small 18th-century temple of Sangamnath or Indreshwar. The name Indore is due to this deity. It is the largest city in Madhya Pradesh, with a population of over a million, and a commercial hub. Indore city presents a happy blend of historical past and promises of rapid modernization.
Indore has witnessed the reign of one of the greatest women in Indian history, Rani Ahilyabai Holkar. Malhar Rao Holkar, the father-in-law of Ahilyabai was bestowed Indreshwar or Indrapur (from which the name Indore was derived) by the Maratha Peshwa Baji Rao. Widowed when she was barely out of her teens Rani Ahilyabai took the responsibility of Indore into her own hands and was instrumental in planning and building this city. 14 generations of the Holkar dynasty ruled Indore for 220 years. On 16th June 1948, the Holkar State joined the Indian republic.
Formerly a major trading centre, the city, along with its satellite townships of Pithampur and Dewas, has established itself as a strong industrial base and the most developed city of Madhya Pradesh. The era of liberalisation has seen Indore at the forefront of a number of privatisation initiatives which include the country's first toll road and private telephone network (Airtel). Traditional industries for which the city is famous, such as those in cotton cloth and bangles, are very much alive.
Indore is also known for its great food.
Due to its location on the southern edge of the Malwa Plateau, Indore makes an excellent tourist destination. Later in the day, there are cool breezes which make the evenings quite pleasant. Poets have deemed Shab-e-Malwa (the night of Malwa) exquisite beyond compare. The city also has many good tourist spots in its vicinity. Mandav is a city of palaces and lakes very close to Indore.
Indore is well connected by road, rail and air with the Agra-Mumbai highway passing through the city. It is relatively close to Mumbai (593 km) and Delhi (807 km), both of which are connected by daily flights operated by Air India.
Devi Ahilyabai Holkar National Airport (IDR IATA). The airport is one of the best in India and offers good connectivity from major cities of India.
Indore airport provides free Wifi internet connectivity. The airport has a service desk of all major hotels of Indore wherein you can book a room. The airport is 8 km away from the main city. To reach the city centre there are private paid taxis available.
Indore is connected to major Indian cities like Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur, Delhi, Jaipur, Agra, Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Howrah, Bhopal, Ujjain, Gwalior, Bhind, Jabalpur, Bilaspur, Khandwa, Lucknow, Varanasi, Patna, Ambala Ct, Jammu, Dehradun and Trivandrum.
Indore has 4 major railway stations: Indore Junction, Rajendra Nagar Railway Station Laxmibai Railway Station and Rau Railway Station.
Indore Junction railway station. (updated May 2021)
The national highway NH3 (Bombay-Agra Road) and NH59 (Indore-Ahmedabad Road) passes through Indore.
There are daily bus services from Indore to Mumbai, Jaipur, Gwalior and Bhopal. Some of the bus services are Royal Travels, Hans and City Link Travels. The state-owned transport service is not in good shape to cater current demands and should be avoided.
There are numerous rental car/travel companies in the city, where can you can get cars according to KM or fixed rate basis. Ask for packages for both the cabs, if you are planning to go around for long time. A/C charges are extra. Auto Rickshaws-Available everywhere.
The city has been major change and development at the moment most of the city is approachable through AICTSL City buses and A major part of the city has been connected through BRTS shuttle bus called iBus , there are cheaper shared transportation (Maruti Vans) that runs throughout the city. The government is planning to start metro train in Indore so that the traffic loads on roads get down to some level as the city faces traffic jams in every corner.
Along with traditional ways to find a taxi one can use apps like Jugnoo, Ola and Uber to book auto rickshaw and taxi. They are reliable and charge fairly. Just make sure to book them well in time if you have a flight, train or bus to catch.
Indore has many good places to see ranging from shopping malls, to historical and cultures spots. The city's rich heritage and culture is reflected through the beautifully built palaces and temples.
Annapurna Temple. It is a famous temple of the goddess of food. The name of the temple Annapurna means "anna" which literally means food. The people in town have great faith in the temple. The temple is made with beautiful colourful work done at the entrance gate.
Bada Ganpati. Better known for its size than antiquity, this temple houses perhaps the largest Ganesh idol in the world measuring 25 feet from crown to foot. Created as a result of the dream of an Avantika (Ujjain) resident, Shri Dadhich, it was built in 1875.
Bapna Statue. Right across from the famous MY Hospital in Indore, in the Jaora Compound Area, is the statue of Rai Bahadur Sir Siremal Bapna, the legendary Prime Minister of Holkar State during the reign of HH Maharaja Yeshwant Rao Holkar. He is credited with bringing Indore into the modern age and he was an able and honest administrator, a great social reformer, a great philanthropist and a modern day saint.
Central Museum. The Indore Museum houses the finest collection of Parmar sculptures from Hinglajgarh. The Parmar style originated here, and is characterized by proportioned figures, carefully and ornately depicted in stone. The museum is also known for its collection of coins, arms and armor.
Chhatris. Chhatris are the tombs or cenotaphs erected in memory of dead Holkar rulers and their family members. The Chhatris picturesquely poised on the Khan river banks near Rajawada are incomparable in terms of Maratha architecture and sculpture of their period. At Chhatri Baag is the main collection of tombs housed in two compounds. Close by is the beautiful Bolia Sarkar's Chhatri constructed in 1858 AD in memory of Sardar Chimnaji Appa Sahib Bolia.
Geeta Bhawan. One of the most famous temples in the city. Located near the heart of town (Palasia). You can find idols of almost all gods and goddesses and the peace found here is unique.
Gomatgiri. On the hill 10-12 km away from the heart of the city, the Jain Samaj has constructed a 21-foot statue of Lord Gomateshwar, a replica of the Bahubali statue of Shravanbelagola. Also built here are 24 marble temples with shilars for each tirthankar. This place offers a breathtaking view of Indore city by night.
Kanch Mandir. This Jain temple is an architectural marvel in glass. The walls, ceilings, floors, pillars and door knobs are entirely inlaid with glass. Even paintings are done in glass. Atop is a special glass chamber which multiplies the three statues of Lord Shantinath,Aadinath & Mahavira installed there into an indefinite number (said to be visible up to 24 times, corresponding to the 24 tirthankaras).
Khajrana Ganesh Temple. The citizens of Indore have great faith in this Ganesh temple, built during the reign of Ahilyabai Holkar. It is believed that all wishes are fulfilled by praying here. Nearby is the dargah of Nahar Sayed. This is an important pilgrimage place for Maita Muslims.
Lal Baag Palace. One of the grandest monuments the Holkar dynasty left Indore. A reflection of their taste, grandeur and lifestyle, its construction began in 1886 under Tukoji Rao Holkar II, and was carried out in three phases. The final phase was completed in 1921 under Tukoji Rao Holkar III. Many royal receptions were held here. It has a total area of 28 hectares, and at one time it had the reputation of having one of the best rose gardens in the country.
Rajawada. Synonymous with the heart of Indore city, it stands today as a mute witness to the bygone splendor of the Holkar rulers. This 200-year-old, seven-storey historic palace of the Holkars is built in a mixture of Muslim, Maratha and French styles. The lower three floors are made of stone and the upper floors are made of wood, which made it very vulnerable to destruction by fire. Rajwada was burnt three times in its history; the last fire in 1984 took the greatest toll. Today only the front facade remains. Renovations have recreated some of the old glory of this beautiful palace.
Ravindra Natay Grah, RNT MARG. This is one of the examples of a complete makeover. Few years back it was an old and not so good auditorium. After some years it was decide to renovate it with public private partnership. it was then done complete makeover and now it is one of the best auditorium in town with many modern facilities.
Sapna- Sangeeta Road. It is another very famous and one of the busiest road in the town. Many national and international brand stores are present here. the road which is officially named after great Shri Agrasen Maharaj is popularly known after one of the best multiplex sanpna sangeeta which in earlier days was a single screen theatre having two theatres, is now a multiplex with three screens of inox. The road is the busiest one and addresses many local national and international brands.
Sirpur Lake. The lake hosts the habitats for major migratory bird species. The natural beauty of the lake and scenic view is hard to forget. the government has decided to develop a garden near to lake.
Town Hall. Built in 1904 as the King Edwards Hall, it was renamed Mahatma Gandhi Hall in 1948. Its architectural style is Indo-Gothic. Made in Seoni stone, its domes and staples are a landmark of Indore today. It has a four-faced clock tower in front, because of which it is locally known as Ghanta Ghar. It is frequently the venue for the various book and painting exhibitions, fairs and festivals held throughout the year. The building also has a library, a children's park and a temple.
Vaishnav Dhaam. It is a famous temple of the goddess. It is beautifully constructed in white and is located away from the city traffic. The idols here are very beautiful to see.
Venkatesh Temple (Laxmi Venkatesh Temple), 36, Chattribagh, ☏ +91 2340987. Where India's third largest and largest Rath-yatra procession is carried and thousands of people participate in that and temple was built 50 years before in mid of Indore city by Nagoriya Pithdishwar
Meghdoot Uapvan, Vijay Nagar. It is a huge garden with a fountain show and many kinds of plants and flowers are planted here. It brings you close to nature within the city itself and lovely point for couples.
Nakhrali Dhani Water Park, Rau. A one of its kind Rajasthani Village-themed park become amusement park and restaurant. This is an exclusive park in Indore which lets you enter into the world of a Rajathani village.
Regional Park, Pipliapala Lake (Rajiv Gandhi Square). 9AM - 10PM. The most beautiful park in town. It was developed by Indore Development Authority on the banks of ancient pipliyapala lake. The park has been developed beautifully with estimated cost of ₹70 crores. The amazing light work in night and various new species of plants make it most attractive. The park is divided in four parts, the lake having been renewed and fitted with five jet-fountains which in night create a beautiful atmosphere with there light-effects. Plans are in pipeline to start boating in the pond, a food court and children play zone. Water sports are practised in the lake. It's a must-visit spot when you are in Indore.
Shell City Water Park, khandwa road. Another famous water cum amusement park in the outskirts of the busy town. A park that offers wide range of entertainment.
Thanks to the rich black soil of the Malwa Plateau, Indore has prospered into being the fourth largest centre of cotton textile industry in India. Indore is also known for its leather toys and Maheshwari & Chanderi are some very interesting ornate sarees and brocades to offer. There is a lot of sari work comes out of Madhya Pradesh, and the Maheshwari sarees have particularly gained in popularity of late. Besides the fabrics, there is a variety of local carving crafts to choose from, and the city is also justly famous for its beautiful bangles. Most of markets in Indore remain closed on Sunday.
Some places to pick Maheshwari sarees and handicrafts:
Malhar Mega Mall, adjacent to C-21 Mall. It has many brand stores new sources of entertainment. Stores like Globus, FI, Ray-Ban easy day are exclusively only here. Famous food establishment KFC is also here along with a McDonald's outlet and Kulraj Broadway Theatres.
Mrignayni Showroom: Behind Gujarati Girl's college, it is an MP government's exclusive handicraft store.
MT Cloth Market: for clothing specially in wholesale
Sitlamata Bazar: for retail clothings and sarees
Treasure Island: The biggest shopping mall where you get each and every thing in effective price.
Apollo Towers, M.G Road (Near 56 shops). Good bargain shopping, lots of shops.
C 21 Mall (C 21), AB Road. Another Good Mall on AB Road having exclusive shops of many international brands like Tommy Hilfiger, Madame, and Indian brands like Fida, Ritu wears' Biglife. It also accommodates Satyam Cineplex, CCD, and a 4D theatre named Storm.
Central Mall, R.N.T Marg (very close to railway station). Good mall with a big bazaar, INOX Movie plex, food court and many leading brands.
Malhar Mega Mall, A.B Road. All kinds of clothes at cheap prices. Broadway Multiplex.
Mangal City Mall, A.B Road (Vijay Nagar Square). Many stores of famous brands, a good food court, large cinemas, great ice-golas etc.
Orbit Mall, A.B Road. Some local shops along with some shops of international brands.
Pakeeza, A.B Road, M.G Road, MT Cloth Market. All kinds of jewellery and clothes at cheap prices. The biggest shop is at AB Road.
Treasure Island, MG Road. Is a large mall. The highlights of Treasure Island are MAX, PVR, McDonalds, and Pizza Hut--all first in MP. MAX Retail, a division of Lifestyle International is the most famous fashion retail destination in the city. The USP of the store is its wide range of fashionable offering at a cost which suits everyone's pocket,specially youth. This store is also famous for being the 1st retail store in India by the renowned Landmark group. Treasure Island is comparable to the malls found in Noida and Gurgaon. Equipped with state of the art escalators and housed by showrooms of all leading brands, it's the best hangout in Indore (and most probably in the whole MP). It also has two Baristas (coffee shop) and a Rajdhani (a thali (buffet) restaurant). For the people of indore the treasure island is like a tourist spot... and you will normally find people hanging around.
The biggest market for the jewellery is the Sarafa Market.
Rajat Gems- Gold, Diamonds, Silver Articles - City Center, M.G. Road
TBZ(Tribhuvan Das Bhimji)-M.G Road
The usual breakfast consists of kachories , samosas and pohas, and then there are sweets such as jalebies, imarties, gulab jamuns, malpuas, kaju katli and rabdi. One must also not miss baked (bina tala) samosas/patties, bana hua style, all over the city, mostly available at Saanchi Milk Parlours.
Apna Sweets, Vijaynagar Indore, ☏ +91 7611106915.
Celebration (near MY Hospital, Railway Station). A self-service food joint offering fusion Chinese food, bakery items, chaats, chole kulche, etc., favoured by young single people and families.
Celeberity, AB Road. Has the best North Indian food tasty buffet in town, good entrées and a great coffee shop.
Chappan Dukaan. It has 56 shops, where you can get different types of food. Must tries include; Madhuram Sweets- Shikanji, Dry fruit Paan, Jain Sweets-Jalebi, Jhonnys-Hot Dog, Young Tarang-Poha morning hours and many chat and delicacies.
The Chocolate Room (T.I Mall and Near Bombay Hospital.).
Chokhi Dhani. Good Rajasthani food and entertainment, but smaller than Nakhrali Dhani.
City Centre. Great South Indian food.
Crown Palace, Kanchan Bagh. Has great buffet, good coffee shop and good rooftop restaurant.
Guru Kripa. Famous restaurant in the city.
Hakeem (at Near Sarwate Bus stand.). It's a great non-veg family restaurant. Speciality is Tawa Gosht and Mughlai Biryaani.
Indian Coffee House, M. G. Road. (updated May 2015)
Indigo Food Junction, A.B Road.
Little Italy. Authentic vegetarian Italian cuisine offers delectable Italian and Mexican food.
Nafees Cakes, 30-B Apollo Ave, Greater Kailash Rd, New Palasia (near Palasia police station), ☏ +91 731 645 7533. Bakery and non-veg restaurant.
Nakhrali Dhani. Rajasthani food and entertainment.
Pishori Dhaba, 3-A, Eastern Ring Rd, Nanak Nagar. Punjabi/North Indian (updated May 2018)
Rajdhani (at the food court of Treasure Island this restaurant). Rajdhani offers Gujarati Thali. A family restaurant.
Ravi's Kachori (in Saket and Near Nagar Nigam). A good place for Aloo Kachori, Fariyali Kachoris etc.
Red Maple (at Mashal Hotel near Rau Indore).
Sandwich Bar. Great sandwiches and Pav Bhaji (located in T.I Mall and Central Mall)
Sapna Sandwich. Many Branch- all over city.
Sarafa (The Night Market(After 8PM-4AM)). It has Indore specialities like sabudana khichri (best in the country), aloo tikiya, and others like pav bhaji, dosas, samosas. Savuory sweets like jalebi, malpua, rabdi, gulab jamun like you have never tasted before. Items not to miss: Malpuvas, Jalebas (Big jalebis), Garadu (Winter only), Dahi-Vada, Sabudana Khichhdi, Chhole Tikiya, Shikanji, Bhutte ka kiss.
Sayaji. Has the good morning breakfast buffet. Its Kebabsville Restaurant has good food has great restaurants and food.
Shreemaya (near Railway Station/M.Y Hospital.). One of the oldest hotels of the city, offers good food in its restaurant. Although the staff is not so friendly, the food here is amazing and makes up for it.
The Groundbaking Company, 293-BG, Scheme no. 54, Vijay Nagar, ☏ +91 731 491 2718. 12:30-10PM (closed Tu). New York-style pizza, milkshakes, and desserts. (updated Oct 2017)
Veg Bites, T.I. Mall, Inox Central Mall. Great vegetarian food from world over.
Vidorra, 1001, Rooftop, Shekhar Central, Palasia Square, New Palasia, ☏ +91 731 4222801, info@vidorra.in. Rooftop restaurant and bar.
Taste of Malwa (Indori Sweets, Namekeen & Gajak), 408, Gopalam Apartment, Lalaram Nagar, ☏ +91 700 064 5618, nemas1981@gmail.com. 9AM - 8PM. A variety of authentic Indori Gajak, sweets and Namkeens. (updated May 2019)
02 Disc n' Lounge, Near Bombay Hospital Vijaynagar (take City Bus Till Satya Sai Chauraha and walk for about 500 m to reach the hotel).
Level 3-At Mangal City Mall 1
Sayaji Hotel, H/1, Scheme No. 54, Vijay Nagar, ☏ +91-731-4006666.
Sheesha Sky Lounge C-21 Mall Indore
Trance The Pub, 3A, PU3, Gemini Mall, AB Road (Opposite C-21 Mall). Good range of cocktails and mocktails. The pub is never empty though could do with a renovation. (updated May 2018)
The good hotels in Indore are:
Hotel Fortune Landmark, ☏ +91-731-2557700.
Sayaji Hotel, H/1, Scheme No. 54, Vijay Nagar, ☏ +91-731-4006666.
Hotel Infiniti, Ring Road, ☏ +91-731-2559514.
Hotel President, 163, R.N.T. Marg, ☏ +91-731-2528866.
Hotel Amar Vilas, 1 B, AB Rd, Sector B, Chandra Nagar, ☏ +91 731 428 1111.
Hotel Amaltas International, A-B Road.
Hotel Princes' Palace, 8- A- 1, South Tukoganj.
Hotel Crown Palace, Kanchanbaug, ☏ +91-0731-2528855.
These have good restaurants also and your stay will be comfortable.
Lemon Tree Hotel, Indore, 3, R.N.T. Road (Located in heart of the city of Indore (near Regal Square), this hotel is in the key business district, just off the Agra-Mumbai expressway (AB Road).), ☏ +91 731 4423232. Check-in: 2PM, check-out: noon. The centrally air conditioned atrium hotel offers 100 rooms and suites, business center, a banquets and meeting center, a multi-cuisine coffee shop - Citrus Café (18 hours), a hip recreation bar – Slounge, an Indian speciality restaurant - Kebaberie as well as a fitness centre to keep you feeling fresh-as-a-lemon. 2899.
Hotel Radisson Blu, Ring Road (Close to Vijay Nagar Square). Best Hotel in Indore
Ginger Hotel, A. B. Road (near Shaniwar Darpan, National Highway 3). Check-in: noon, check-out: noon. Budget hotel from Tata Group (who owns Taj Hotels)
Indore is a safe place to stay. Like other big cities, it does not have safety issues generally even at late hours. You can find the roads full of people even at 11PM.
It is also safe for women. Though some parts of the cities are isolated after 8pm so you will have to make sure you don't go alone in these areas as safety maybe an issue.
General safety measures need to be used. But in areas like MG Road, Palasia, Y.N. Road it is crowded and safe till 11pm.
Bhairav Kund - Another interesting place near Gidya Khoh Watefall and Kal Bhairav Temple, there is a large pool/kund of water choral
Dewas, around 35 km from Indore on national highway 3 (NH3).
Gidya Khoh - this waterfall is a beautiful combination of man and nature, situated on the Indore-Nemawar road and 9 km away from Double Chowki
Kajligarh (15 km) - see Fort Kajligarh
Maheshwar (90 km) - Fort of Rani Ahilya Bai Holkar. Also beautiful temples.
Mandav - Around 100 km from Indore is a good weekend getaway. See Jahaz Mahal, Rani Roopmati Mahal, Baj Bahadur Mahal
Omkareshwar (90 km on the Khandwa road) - One of the 12 Jyotirling
Patalpani near Dr. Ambedkar Nagar and Kalakund (35 km by train)
Tinchha Falls (15 km) - on Simrol-Udainagar Road
Muhadi Falls (nearly 4 km from Tinchha Falls) a bit hard to reach,
Janapav Hills (40 km from Indore on Agra Bombay Highway NH-3) Believed to be birth place of lord Parshuram and birth place of 7 rivers including the Chambal river of which the famous Kshipra river of Ujjain is a tributary where the Kumbh Mela also called as Simha-Asth is held every 12th year.
It's a beautiful valley surrounded by clouds during monsoon.
Sitalamata Falls (40 km by road from Indore on Agra Bombay Highway NH-3 towards Mumbai at Manpur) A nature lover's paradise, the twin falls at Manpur are feast to the Eye
Mahakaleshwar Jyotirlinga (60 km) - One of the 12 Jyotirlings (famous Hindu temple)
Hanuwantiya - Water activities and weekend destination beside the grand Indira Sagar Lake.
All the waterfalls of Indore are active during the monsoon, so if you're planning a visit to Indore for them, come between July and September.
This city travel guide to Indore is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.