Kavala (Greek: Καβάλα) is a city in Macedonia (Greece). Kavala is one of the most beautiful smaller cities in Greece offering a wide range of places of interest for tourism. A wealth of possibilities for excursions in the surrounding area, many beautiful not overcrowded beaches, archaeological sites and many places of natural beauty makes it a fun-filled vacation destination.
In 2021, Kavala was home to 66,000 people.
In Ancient Greece people of Thassos island established Kavala as a colony in the mid-7th century BC to secure commercial control of the straits between Thassos and the mainland and to exploit the gold deposits at Mount Pangaion.
Kavala prospered due to its trade routes and the commercial harbor and gained independence from Thassos but for security reasons, maintained friendly relations with Athens, the major power in the region, as a member of the Athenian League.
In the 4th century BC, the city lost its independence and became the port of the neighboring Macedonian city of Philippi.
During occupation of the Roman Empire, the city prospered again as a major commercial station along the Via Egnatia, as well as the port of Philippi.
During the Byzantine period, Kavala became part of the “East Roman Empire”. Remains of the Byzantine fortifications can still be seen at many points on the old town (called Panagia), as well as the imposing Castle.
Kavala was prey to numerous assaults by Slavs, Franks, Venetians and Turks until in 1391 it was captured by the Ottoman Empire. Under Turkish occupation, the Castle and the walls of Kavala were repaired, and around 1550 the large aqueduct was constructed under Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent (1520-1566). It consists of 60 arches of four different sizes and at its highest point stands 25 m high.
Kavala was the birthplace of the founder of the last Egyptian dynasty, called Mehmet Ali (1769). He lived in the city for many years and his home is now a museum and coffee house, standing at the top of the old town.
Mehmet Ali was a great benefactor to the city, erecting the poorhouse (Imaret) in 1817, which also functioned as a religious school and boarding school. A remarkable example of Islamic architecture, the building now belongs to the Egyptian state and is being converted into a luxury hotel.
After the Turkish-Greek war of 1922, some 25,000 Greek refugees settled in Kavala, increasing the population of the city significantly. At the same time the city was enjoying great economic prosperity as a major center for the processing of tobacco. Many of the tobacco storage and processing houses are still a part of the cityscape.
From the 1970s to the 1990s, the textile industry was of great importance. With the opening of Bulgaria after the fall of the Soviet Union the sewing industry shifted there. Since then, service and tourism have become the most important economic sectors.
Kavala has hot dry summers (mid-June to mid-September) and wet cool winters (November to April). Its not as hot as southern Greece in summer but colder in winter. The swimming season starts in early May and ends mid-October. From mid-June to late August there is hardly any rain and therefore is the best travel season (but also the hottest). For those who don't like the heat of the summer and do not mind occasional rainy days best traveling time is from mid-May to mid June and September to mid-October.
Kavala is a major port. It is possible to reach it by ferry from Lemnos, and several other north Aegean islands. With a bit of careful planning, or aimless wandering, it is possible to reach Kavala from almost any Greek island with a ferry via other islands. A modern marina for sailing or motorboats offers all services.
Kavala International Airport (KVA IATA Alexander the Great Airport) (about 30 km from Kavala, near Chrysopolis village). Planes, mostly touristic charters, fly all from over Europe and there are daily flights from Athens.
Except by taxis, the airport is hard to reach by public transport. Car rental at the airport is available. There is only one bus per day from the airport to Kavala city. The official flat rate taxi fare from Kavala airport to city is €35 (August 2020). Unregulated taxis at the airport are common and also the regular taxis show irregularities: taxi licence not on display, complete lack of information about the fare being applied (drivers claim they need to apply a double fare from airport to city). According to Kavala's police department, not having the fares displayed in the taxi is legal while only licence should be displayed. If you decide for taxi it is advisable to enquire about fare prior to entering in the car. The cheapest way is to take a taxi to the bus station (KTEL) in Chrysoupolis and from there by bus to Kavala.
Interurban coaches KTEL are by far the most convenient way to travel around Greece, as well as for intra-regional travelling. There is frequent bus service from Athens Kifisos Station to Kavala, as well as from Thessaloniki bus terminal "Macedonia" to Kavala.
The first bus from Kavala to Thessaloniki departs at 06:00 and the last one leaves at 20:40. There is one each hour (06:00, 07:00, 08:00, 09:00, etc.) The buses at 09:00, 13:00 and 17:00 are scheduled as "Express" so these buses won't stop on their way to Thessaloniki.
The fare for a ticket to Thessaloniki is €15 and it will take between 2 and 2½ hours until the bus arrives at Thessaloniki. The regular buses (non-Express) on the other hand might serve some villages in between which can extend the journey to 3 hours.
From Thessaloniki to Kavala there are also hourly buses from 08:00 until 22:00 (except 07:00 and 21:00).
To Athens there is a bus twice a day: 08:45 and 20:30.
From Athens to Kavala it's the same: Two buses each day at 08:45 and 20:30.
The timetable for buses to Ioannina is 09:00, 11:00, 13:00, 15:00 and 17:00.
If you are in a hurry and cannot wait for scheduled plane or coach services it could be worthwhile getting a taxi from Thessaloniki, especially if there are 4 travellers when the split price can approximate a bus fare each. Make sure you agree the price before you get in the cab.
There is an efficient public transport system with lines going around the city (ticket price about €). Detailed info in the regional bus terminal (called "Astiko KTEL") in "Filikas Etarias" Street near the harbour.
Taxis in Kavala, as elsewhere in Greece, are comparably cheap. You should not pay more than €5 if you hail a cab (orange or white colour) on the road to take you anywhere in the city. Note that taxi meters have two rates - rate 1 applies from 05:00 till midnight, and rate 2, the double rate, from midnight to 05:00. Taxi fare fraud is not widespread but it still happens, so make sure the rate is correct. If you feel you have been overcharged, ask for a receipt (they are obliged to give one) and take the plate number, then phone the tourist police to report the driver on 171. Expect to pay €1 or €2 extra if you take a taxi from the bus station, the train station or the port, and a surcharge if you call for a taxi service on demand.
Trainaki ("The Little Train")
There is a free bus from the main square (11) to the old town which looks like a tourist train. The station is in front of the National Bank. Schedules are written on the "train cars" (08:00-14:00), except Sundays and holidays.
Harbour. The central point for recreational, commercial, business and tourist activity. It serves the fishing fleet, tourism, ferry boats from and to Thassos, Limnos, Mitilini and water sports at its Marina. (updated Apr 2015)
Agios Nikolas church. with Apostle Paul Mosaic (Kontouriotou Str), it's a “must-see place”. Around the church there is an old, somewhat run-down neighborhood with many great cafeterias, Ouzo drinking places (Ouzerias), restaurants and small shops. Especially in the summer evenings it is very attractive place to have a beer. (updated Apr 2015)
Medieval Aqueduct. Well-preserved, it was cleaned and repaired few years ago. It looks like new now and is one of the city's landmarks. It is probably of Roman origin but the present structure dates to the 16th century during Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent's repair and improvement of the Byzantine fortifications. It reaches up to 25 m high, 280 m long and contains 60 arches. Interesting to see are also some old houses that were built into this monument. If you go 100 m up the street on the side of the new town (Hellenikis Dimokratias Str.) and turn right into the 1st street (Konstantinidou Str) after 50 m (in front of the school) you find the start of the Aqueduct. You can even climb on it a few meters to take nice photos of the Aqueduct plus Old Town. (updated Apr 2015)
Castle. On a hill above the town. Its biggest part was built in the 15th century. To get there it will take a 15–20 minutes walk from the harbour. A wonderful sea view and also a great view over the city. A simple romantic cafeteria invites you to linger. €. (updated Apr 2015)
Halil Bey Complex. The mosque of Halil Bey dated at the beginning of the 20th century, an older minaret on the side probably of the 16th century, and a medrese. The mosque is built over the foundation of an early Christian basilica. Under the modern glass floor a big part of the nave of the old church with the Byzantine floor can be seen.At the beginning of 16th century the Byzantine church was converted to a mosque. It became the center of one of the oldest Muslim neighborhoods of Kavala, that of Halil Bey. From the Early Ottoman period survived the base of the minaret, which was attached to the southern wall of the Late Byzantine chapel. To the north of the mosque a medrese (Koranic seminary) was erected. The early Ottoman mosque was replaced at the beginning of the 20th century by a new one with the correct orientation towards Mecca. Its rich interior decoration is in the Ottoman-Rococo style. (updated Apr 2015)
Mohamed Ali House. Mohamed Ali was born in 1769 in Kavala and lived there until he was 30 years old. He was the founder of the dynasty which ruled Egypt until 1952 and a major figure in the Eastern Mediterranean history in the first half of the 19th century. His house was built in 1780-90 and contains a museum today. The building has a surface area of 330 m², and was the largest house in the town at that time and is considered as one of the most splendid extant examples of eighteen-century Ottoman architecture in Greece. Apart from the house there is also a large garden that operates as a bar-restaurant. Next to Mohamed Ali’s house there is a bronze equestrian statue of him. (updated Apr 2015)
Panagia Church (at the end of the old town). From its remarkable forecourt you have a good view to the island of Thasos. Opposite the church is a pub with a beautiful terrace from where you have a wonderful view of the harbour. It's worth resting there with a cold beverage from the somewhat strenuous tour of the hilly old town. (updated Apr 2015)
Lighthouse (A few meters away from Panagia Church). The small lighthouse and its lookout point with a wonderful view over the sea. From there, a path leads down to rocks in the sea which is a romantic spot to relax. From there, the path splits and leads to the port or around the headland fortification wall back to the parking lot below the Mohamed Ali statue. This "Wall trail” is highly recommended. (updated Apr 2015)
Imaret. Built between 1817–21 by Mehmet Ali (founder of the last Egyptian dynasty) and is a classic example of Islamic architecture and has survived almost intact. It operated as Muslim seminary, later became refuge for Greeks driven out of Asia Minor after the Greek-Turkish war (1919-22). In 1967 the monument was sealed. In 2001 it was restored and converted into a luxurious and elegant hotel, which maintains something of the ambiance of its era. Although well worth seeing from inside, it is unfortunately a bit difficult to get in, if you are not a guest of the hotel. Guided tours are offered Tu-Su from 10:00 to 15:00 by appointment at the hotel entrance or by phone at 0030 2510 620151. Entrance fee: €5. (updated Apr 2015)
Ferry terminal. The port below the old town is starting point of all ferries going to the islands (Thasos, Lemnos, Lesbos, Rhodes, etc.) Next to it is a large parking lot, which is ideal for travellers as a starting site for a city tour that come by their own car to Kavala. Here are also some good restaurants and bars that are both lunchtime and evening always well attended. (updated Apr 2015)
Main Square (Platia Elefterias). On the right side (seen from the sea) is the old St. Nikolas quarter with its pubs, restaurants, little shops giving an impression how the town was many years ago. To the left of the Square is a modern shopping district. In front of the "National Bank" is the station of a train-like bus going to the old town. A good alternative if you are not so strong on foot to climb the hill to the old town. Next to the bank is the Tourist Information Center that offers friendly help and free maps. (updated Apr 2015)
Shopping district. Partially a pedestrian area with narrow streets, shops of all kinds and many street cafeterias. Also in the evening you find pubs and restaurants there. (updated Apr 2015)
Municipal Tobacco Warehouse. It was built around the first decade of the 20th century as a tobacco warehouse by the Turkish tobacco merchant. Its a stylish building, a combination of Ottoman architecture with neoclassical elements. Belonging to Kavala’s City Council it was refurbished and it hosts various events and exhibitions, e.g. the Maritime Museum of Kavala. Free. (updated Feb 2018)
Promenade. Picturesque fishing and sailing boats, restaurants, pubs, coffee houses. On Saturday morning, there is an interesting fruit & clothing market (Bazaar). Sit in one of the many cafeterias along the promenade in summer to enjoy the view over the harbor and old town. Especially in the night, it's a good place to drink a cold beer and watch people walking along. (updated Apr 2015)
City Hall (Dimarchio) (on Kipos Iroon Park). One of Kavala's landmarks. It was built by a Hungarian tobacco-trader and it is a miniature of a Hungarian castle. It houses the municipality of Kavala since 1937. The little park in front is a nice place to rest at the cafeteria under the big trees. In close proximity is the Tobacco Museum (Philippou Odos Str). (updated Apr 2015) Archaeological Museum
Archaeological Museum. It has several interesting finds from the area around Kavala, as well as from other ancient settlements. It's worth seeing although it has nothing spectacular to offer. (updated Apr 2015)
Sfagio. A nice scenic small fishing harbour at the east end of Kavala with good restaurants and bars direct at the sea front. A perfect place for having dinner. (updated Sep 2015)
Via Egnatia. The Via Egnatia is the ancient Roman road which ran across the Balkans between the port of Durrës (Albania) and Istanbul connecting the Adriatic Sea and the Bosporus. This first “highway” across the Balkans was built around 146 BC. Kavala was an important station along its route. A few hundred meters of the ancient road are well preserved. Unfortunately the place is not signposted and needs a bit searching. Going out of Kavala center (on 7is Merarchia Str.) there is a parking area and view point 750 m after the Hotel Egnatia on the left street side. From there a path leads 150 m downhill to the Egnatia. (updated Apr 2015)
Agios Silas Monastery. The Monastery of Agios Silas is dedicated to the Apostle Silas who accompanied Saint Paul on his journey to Philippi. A small church was built here in 1937, at the location where, according to Christian tradition, Paul and his companions Silas, Timothy and Luke rested on their way to Philippi. Although it's not a “must-see location” its quite photogenic and you have a nice view over Kavala. (updated Apr 2015)"Sfagio" fishing harbour
White Cross. High over Kavala a big white cross can be seen from everywhere in the town. Its a very nice place to go and you have a fantastic view over Kavala and the coast line, the Pangaion Mountain and the Delta of the river Nestos. Although you can reach the point only on mud roads and its not signposted its definitively worth to go there, especially in late afternoon, when the sun is not burning hot anymore. Coming from Kavala center turn right opposite of Ag. Silas Monastery (at a bus station shortly before the motorway access towards Xanthi) and follow the paved road uphill 1½ km until you reach a little church and a hut with parking and grill place (turn left shortly before the paved road ends, signposted as FOK). From here you can make a nice 2½-km walk to the cross. Its also possible to go by car but the path is not paved and needs careful driving if you don't have a 4WD car. (updated Apr 2015)
Turret. The photogenic tower ruin is located in a forest above the city. The visit is worth more because of the very beautiful view than the tower itself. The tower was the terminus of a -km-long wall from 1308, which served to control the road from Macedonia to Thrace and as a water pipe to supply the city. This wall began on the north side of the city wall at the castle and led to the opposite hills and was interrupted only by the aqueduct. (updated Dec 2018)
Chapell St. Panteleimon. A 10-minute walk will take you from the northern bypass of Kavala to the romantic chapel. The fantastic view is worth the climb. On foot from the center, it takes about 45 minutes to an hour to get to the Panteleimon Church. Behind the church there is a small and steep path that takes about 30 minutes to reach the White Cross on the top of the mountain. You should take water with you and avoid the midday heat for this somewhat strenuous walk. (updated Oct 2019)
Waterfall Palea Kavala. To reach the waterfall and the hiking trail at Palea Kavala you have to drive from Kavala towards Drama, turn right after Amigdalonas towards Zigos. After the village Neo Zigos a street turns right to Palea Kavala. Approximately 300 m after the crossing, turn right into a dirt road (signposted) and follow the path past a sheep farm to a marble quarry. From there, a scenic hiking trail leads up the hill in the shady romantic mountain valley with tall trees to Palea Kavala. Even in summer it is pleasantly cool. After about 30 minutes you will come to a waterfall. In early summer, it is a nice place to rest and take a dip in the cold water. In high summer, the watercourse can dry out. After another 30 minutes walk along a stream you reach the village of Palea Kavala. It is an ideal place to relax after a walk in one of the restaurants. To get back to the starting point, either go back the same way, or along the road that runs parallel to the trail. (updated Mar 2018)
Philippi. Approximately 15 km away from Kavala in direction of Drama is the ancient site of Philippi, a world heritage site and a very important place in the spread of Christianity. It was founded around 360 BC and is known from the biblical letters of the apostle Paul, who did missionary work in Philippi and performed the baptism of Lydia, the first Christian baptism in Europe. The ruins of a well-preserved ancient theatre present a delightful setting with stunning views over the plain of Drama and the massif of Pangeon. Furthermore, the Old Market, the prison of the apostle Paul and the ruins of a church from the early Christian period are worth seeing. In the summer, performances and music concerts take place in the theatre. Also worthwhile is a visit to the museum and the climb to the castle above Philippi. The adult admission fee is €6 (August 2020). From the KTEL Bus Station, take a bus bound for Drama (Δράμα) and get off in the centre of Krinides (Κρηνίδες) from where it is a short walk to the site, about 1/2 hr, € (August 2020). (updated Mar 2018)
Lydia. Approximately 1 km away from Philippi, on the outskirts of Lydia is a particularly interesting church and a cruciform baptismal font in a stream, where adult baptisms are performed. Many Greeks have their children baptized in the chapel because of the special importance of the place for Christianity. In the brook, which runs alongside the chapel, the apostle Paul was said to have performed the first baptism on European soil, the rich Jewish merchant Lydia. (updated Mar 2018)
Lasponera. A few kilometres away from Lydia is Lasponera, a healing mud bath, which helps fight joint and back pain. The mud bath is open until 17:00. The entrance fee is €6 for half an hour. You only need a towel as you bath naked in the mud, men and women separated. Even if one is in good health, a visit is absolutely worthwhile! Since it is an open air facility, the mud baths is only open from June to October. (updated Mar 2018)
Kefalari. From Lydia about 10 km towards Drama is Apo Kefalari. The village is located at the foot of a mountain and is known for its trout-specialized romantic cafes and restaurants lining a stream. Even on hot summer evenings, it is relatively cool here. Worth a detour from there to a lookout, which is located above the restaurants on the mountain and from which one has an impressive view of Philippi and the plain of Drama. Since the way is not signposted, one asks in the place best. (updated Mar 2018)
Piges. From Kato Kefalaria you can reach Piges within 2 km. Here is a tourist restaurant on a small lake and is also highly recommended to visit. (updated Mar 2018)
Cave of Maras. 25 km northwest of Drama at the village Aggitis is the stalactite cave of Maras. Because of an underground river course in the cave, there are stalactites only, but no stalagmites. (updated Mar 2018)
Cave of Alistrati. 30 km from Drama towards Seres, near the village of Alistrati, is one of the most beautiful limestone caves of Northern Greece, the cave of Alistrati. If you want to save yourself the long drive from Kavala, you can reach the cave also on foot through the Aggitis Canyon, near the village of Nea Mpafra. (updated Mar 2018)
Aggitis Canyon. Another attraction in the area is the little-known Aggitis Canyon near the village of Nea Mpafra. Approx. 800 m after the village direction Drama there are grain silos on the left side of the road. After the silos, turn left and in 3 km you reach a large parking lot on the edge of the Canyon. The junction is not signposted. It is recommended to check the route in e.g. OpenStreetMap before going. The parking lot is the starting point of walkways along the Canyon and to the opposite side leading to the Cave of Alistrati. At the cave there is the only coffee shop with cold drinks and ice cream around. In summer its quite hot in the canyon! (updated Mar 2018)
Pangaion Hills. The Pangaion Hills are the highest mountain range near Kavala (ca. 2000 m), with picturesque mountain villages, a large number of very nice monasteries in impressive landscape and vegetation (updated Jun 2020)
St. Barbara Falls, Rhodpope Mountains
Rhodope Mountains National Park. North of Kavala, along the border with Bulgaria. Best to reach it is through the villages of Paranesti (60 km from Kavala) or via Sidironero (80 km). The Rhodope Mountains are a vast, sparsely populated mountain area with fantastic landscapes, lakes, waterfalls and a remarkable flora and fauna. The best information about this area that only few tourists visit, are available mainly in Greek. (www.fdor.gr/index.php, partetavouna.blogspot.gr). The Nature Guide to the Eastern Rhodopes is recommended for this area. (updated Mar 2018)
Nestos Delta. The Nestos river nature reserve lies some 30 km east of Kavala. The basin of the Nestos river is divided into the ravine of Nestos at Toxotes and the Nestos Delta at Chrysoupolis. Both are areas of high bird stocks and unique natural beauty. The Nestos River Delta is one of the most important breeding grounds for rare bird species and a stopover for migratory birds. (updated Mar 2018)
Nestos Gorge. The nature in the Gorge of Nestos at Toxotes (40 km east of Kavala) is of particular beauty. It is one of the "must-see" attractions at Kavala. Breaking through the limestone mountains the river meanders and shaped a landscape of unique beauty. Along the ravine a trail of about 10 km in length leads along high cliffs with beautiful views of the river. In the summer its worth a dip in the freezing waters of the Nestos river. A large sandy beach invites you to linger. By Galani, a small town between Toxots and the parking lot, a winding road takes you to the top of a mountain with wonderful views of the Nestos River Gorge. The road is signposted as "Scenic road". The trip is highly recommended. (updated Mar 2018)
Nea Irakliza. The small touristy town has a beautiful promenade and marina with many restaurants and bars and is the destination of many people from Kavala in the summer (updated Jul 2018)
Nea Peramos. the small touristic wine-growing village has a beautiful promenade a with many restaurants and bars. The nearby famous beaches make it the main tourist spot near Kavala. From the Byzantine castle you have a wonderful view of Peramos, the coast and the Pangaion Hills. The castle was built on the ruins of the ancient city of Oisymi. Anaktoropolis was the Byzantine successor settlement of the ancient city of Oisyme. The oldest fortification walls were built between the 6th and 9th centuries. Between the 12th and 13th centuries, the walls were repaired. Alektryopolis seems to have gained special importance in the 14th century. In this century, the name was changed in Eleftheroupolis (not to be confused with today's city of the same name) . Between 1383 and 1387, the Ottomans conquered and destroyed the settlement. (updated Jul 2018)
Sailing boat rental. Several companies offer their boats at the harbor of Kavala or Irakliza. phionasailing, kavalayachting, egeasyachting, North Sailing. Worthwhile destinations for a sailing voyage from Kavala are the islands of Thasos, Samothrace, Lemnos and Agios Efstratios. (updated May 2018)
Motor boat rental. (updated Jul 2018)
Diving. Diving schools are at the harbor of Kavala and in the suburb Palio. (updated May 2018)
Jet skiing, water ski. at the beaches of Irakliza and Nea Peramos (updated May 2018)
Canoe trips & rafting. on the river Nestos (updated May 2018)
Hiking. Walk along the "Water Road" from the aquaduct to the source starting at the end of the 13is Septemvriou Street. Other popular routes are in the Pangeon area, e.g. in Nikissiani, Paleohori, Mesoropi and along Nestos Gorge and Nestos Delta. There are guided tours too: Adventure Thasos Kavala, Olympic Tours (updated May 2018)
dead link Enduro Touring. Organized tours with enduro bikes in the mountains at Kavala. Any levels of difficulty are offered. (updated May 2018)
Religious Tourism. The main destination of religious tourism is Philippi and Lydia. There are also a number of very worth seeing monasteries on Pangaion Hills. The visit of the well known monasteries and churches is of particular interest to anyone with interest in Byzantine and folk art in architecture, sculpture and iconography but also their impressive location in the mountains makes a visit to an adventure (updated Jul 2018)
Archaeological Tourism. Near Kavala there are a number of worth to visit archaeological sites such as Philippi, Akondisma, Pistiyros and Avdyra (see Nestos), Anastasiopolis (see Xanthi), Maroneia and Mesimvria further to the east and to the west of Kavala Oisymi/Anaktoropolis (below the castle of Nea Peramos) and Amphipolis by the river Strimonas (updated Jul 2018)
The city beaches are flat and suitable for children. In the summer months, some chairs and parasols are available for free. The beaches are all easily accessible by city buses. The water quality is acceptable for beaches within the town.
Perigiali (Kara Orman). elongated beautiful sandy beach with two beach bars, sun beads, umbrellas and some nice restaurants, a bit neglected (updated Mar 2018)
Rapsani. Very central beautiful beach in the middle of the city, but not very clean. (updated Mar 2018)
Kalamiza. The most popular city beach, narrow sandy beach, suitable for children, with restaurants and beach bar. (updated Mar 2018)
Close to the west end of Kavala are two much visited beaches. They offer all comfort for a relaxed day at the beach with pool, sun loungers, parasols, chairs, entertainment for kids, beach bar, toilets, changing room, etc. They can be reached by public bus from the main bus terminal.
Batis Multiplex. best campsite close to Kavala, nice beach with all comfort, entrance fee (updated Mar 2018)
Tosca. Luxury beach bungalow complex with nice beach and all comfort, high entrance fee. (updated Mar 2018)
Towards the west of Kavala are the touristic outlying suburbs all with nice beaches and beach bars. The latter two are typical holiday places with a lot of beach bars, restaurants, cafeterias, etc.
Palio. (10 km) several long nice sandy beaches and bays, partly with beach bars (updated Mar 2018)
Nea Irakliza. (15 km) a long wide beach with plenty of parking partly with beach bars a camping ground and water sports. Popular as a stand for motorhomes (updated Mar 2018)
Nea Peramos. (20 km) The village has a quite narrow long stretched beach directly at the promenade and on the peninsula on which stands the castle of Peramos there are other small beaches, some with beach bars. Especially younger people prefer the beaches of  Amolofos 4 km west of Nea Peramos. Parking, sun loungers, parasols, chairs and loud music are available there for free if you take a drink from the bar. The crystal clear shallow water and fine sand provides a relaxed holiday atmosphere for those who love more action than repose. (updated Mar 2018)
Along the expressway from Nea Peramos towards Thessaloniki are more nice the beaches with crystal clear water and beautiful surroundings, most of them with beach bars. During weekend in high season they can be quite crowded. The best known are the beaches of  Oasis Beach Bar,  Cuba Beach Bar,  Almyra Beach Bar,  Sarakina. Further to the west, about 2 km after the turn of  Loutra Elefteron (hot springs) is a famous nudist beach.Further west follow the wonderful and touristic fully developed beaches of Orfrinou and Asprovalta.
To the east of Kavala are several nice beaches too:
Aspri Amos. A bay with sandy beach. Not very clean. Popular for motorhomes. (updated Mar 2018)
Eratino. Long shallow beach, good for children. Off season during weekdays popular for nudists. (updated Mar 2018)
Agiasma. Long shallow beach, good for children. (updated Mar 2018)
Keramoti. Very nice stretched sand beach, partly with popular beach bars. At the very eastern end, behind the last beach bar, there is a nudist beach Keramoti. (updated Aug 2020)
Prices in the shops and restaurants are fixed and bargaining is not common.
A speciality of Kavala are "Kourampiedes", very tasty butter-almond biscuits, which are offered throughout the city. Best are the originals without any other aroma additives.
Wine from the Pangaion Hills region is of protected origin and definitely worth trying.
Traditional Wood Oven Bakery "PAPAS". The traditional bakeries, once to be found in every neighbourhood, have almost disappeared, replaced by branches of bread factories. Only a few old-time bakers still make traditional Greek bread without the additives of the bread factories. The selection in these traditional bakeries is quite limited, usually consisting only of white bread and a darker variety. This is the last remaining bakery with a wood-fired oven in Kavala and it has all the charm of a museum and is well worth a visit. (updated Jan 2024)
Gluten-free baked goods (Gatidis Fresh). The only bakery in Kavala that offers gluten-free baked goods. (updated Feb 2024)
People in Greece usually eat late in the evening (21:00 - 24:00), so during the day some taverns, psistaries and restaurants might be closed. However, tsipouradika and fast food restaurants are open all day long. In general calculate €15 per person for meal plus drinks in Kavala. It is difficult to recommend some restaurants because the food quality often varies greatly, and hardly any restaurant provides consistently good quality.
The best restaurants are on the street to Panagia, which is a street going from port to Muhammad Ali's house and at the old district next to Agios Nicolas Church (7). You may not want to eat near the port as prices are high and quality is not necessarily good. A good choice is the romantic fishing harbour Sfagia (19) at the east end of Kavala. There are several good restaurants directly at the sea front.
There are no taverns with foreign cuisine in Kavala only a German restaurant in Nea Peramos (Kastro tou Germanou). Real Greek specialities that are not adapted to "Tourist Greek Style" can be found in many mountain villages. A popular speciality restaurant is located in Koryfes (Oreino).
Nemesis. One of the cheapest restaurants directly at the promenade. (updated Feb 2018)
Pizza Napolitana. Pizzeria directly at the harbour, good pizza but loud traffic noise. (updated Feb 2018)
Konstantinoupoli. The best tavern in Kavala for local cooked Greek dishes, such as fish soup, chicken soup, moussaka, etc. Dishes are ready made in the bar. (updated Aug 2019)
Palladio. Open 24 hr, nice sitting place under old trees at the harbour, bit noisy due to traffic (updated Feb 2018)
Oreia Mitilini. Typical big tourist restaurant at the harbour. (updated Feb 2018)
Kanados. Well known meat restaurant in old town. (updated Feb 2018)
Imaret. Top restaurant with international cooking in old town with nice view over the harbour. (updated Feb 2018)
Sousouro. One of many small restaurants in the Agios Nikolas neighbourhood that have a special flair due to sitting in narrow alleys. (updated Feb 2018)
Derelicte. Very small restaurant at the aqueduct, special ambience in summer. (updated Feb 2018)
Taverna Karnagio or The Shipyard (To naypigeio). Little tavern at a dockyard for fishing boats with very special ambience, best at lunchtime. (updated Feb 2018)
Savas. One of several good restaurants along the Sfagio fishing harbour at the east side of Kavala, very nice atmosphere in summer. (updated Feb 2018)
Proto Katsiki. One of several beach taverns along the Pergiali beach at the east side of Kavala. (updated Feb 2018)
Camping Alexandros. Nice simple beach tavern at Nea Karvali few km east of Kavala. (updated Feb 2018)
Oreino. Very good rustic mountain restaurant with special "old style" Greek food, relative high priced. (updated Feb 2018)
Οstria. On the beach, especially popular in summer. (updated Feb 2018)
Akondisma. Restaurant in Nea Karvali, which is located like on a village square in a mountain village. Nice atmosphere. €€. (updated Aug 2021)
Most bars, cafeterias and restaurants are located along the promenade, at the port, in the quarter around Ag.Nikolas church and in the street that leads to the old town. Another destination is the little fishing harbor called “Sfagio” at the east end of Kavala. There are very nice restaurants and bars directly at the waterfront.
Summer bars can be found also further away from the center of Kavala in Palio, Irakliza and Nea Peramos. These are typical tourist villages. During high season they offer musical events, beach parties, etc.
Lobster. Pub directly at the sailing harbour with fantastic view over the old town. (updated Feb 2018)
Cafe Kima. Cafe and bar at the scenic little fishing harbour. (updated Feb 2018)
Frourion. Cafe and bar inside the castle of Kavala with nice view over the town. (updated Feb 2018)
Museum Cafe. Very nice cafe and bar in the garden of the Mehmet Ali Museum. (updated Feb 2018)
To Briki. Cafe and pub in old town with fantastic view over the harbour and the town if you sit on the balcony. (updated Feb 2018)
Milo Molos. Cafe, bar, restaurant on a harbour mole with nice view on the town. (updated Feb 2018)
Aqua Club. Directly at the Falirou Park by the sea in a particularly beautiful location, very popular in summer. (updated Feb 2018)
Of the downtown hotels, the Galaxy and Acropolis have the most beautiful location right on the harbour, but the Acropolis is almost as old as its namesake and in a similar state. The Galaxy is much better, its restaurant on the 7th floor overlooking the old town and the harbour is hard to beat. Other acceptable city hotels are the Oceanis and the Esperia. But they are both in the second row directly behind the park on a major road. The Egnatia Hotel is a 4-star hotel and the first one to meet when coming from the highway. It is located above the city with a magnificent view, but by its distance from the center rather something for someone who has a car. But it offers a beautiful wellness area for the ladies. The Lucy is the only city hotel right on the beach, so you can combine sightseeing and beach holiday. It is about 20 minutes walk from the center away. By taxi from there but for €5 to the centre. Highly recommended, but upscale, is the Imaret in the old town.
Since 2017, the renting of private living space by www.airbnb.com has increased a lot.
For camping best places are "Batis" at the west end of Kavala and to the east "Camping Alexandros" in Nea Karvali.
Kavala never gives the atmosphere of a typical holiday place, as the city does not live on tourism. Therefore, most tourists who want to spend more than a weekend go to the typical holiday suburbs Palio, Nea Iraklitsa or Nea Peramos. There you have the typical seaside resort atmosphere. Keramoti and, above all, the island of Thassos, which is easy to reach by car and is one of the greenest and perhaps most beautiful islands in Greece, are also very popular and recommendable.
Nefeli. (updated Jan 2018)
Philoxenia. (updated Jan 2018)
Acropolis. (updated Jan 2018)
Europa, ☏ +30 251 024 1227. (updated Jan 2018)
Oceanis. (updated Jan 2018)
Lucy. (updated Jan 2018)
Egnatia. (updated Jan 2018)
Esperia. (updated Jan 2018)
Galaxy. (updated Jan 2018)
Imaret. (updated Jan 2018)
Appointments with general practitioners, medical specialist and dentists are usually given on the same day. However, you have to pay in cash (about €50/visit). The quality of the doctors is usually good. Many have studied abroad and speak English. The hospital is located on top of the mountain on the outskirts, just after the motorway exit. The new hospital was opened in 2010 and has 395 beds. It is in a very good condition and equipped with 188 doctors from all departments for all eventualities.
Hospital, ☏ +30 251 350 1100. (updated Mar 2018)
Pharmacies. (updated Apr 2015)
Emergency numbers. General: 112, Police: 100, Fire: 199, Coast Guard: 108, Ambulance: 166 (updated Apr 2015)
Verterinary. (updated Apr 2015)
Physicians. (updated Apr 2015)
In Kavala you can move day and night without hesitation. Raiding almost never happens. Ladies can move freely and relaxed during the day and at night without fear of annoyance. The only annoyance you can barely escape are the flying dealers (mostly Roma or black people) who come to the tables in the cafes or restaurants. However, these are also surprisingly polite, they are waiting for an interested look. If you do not pay any attention to them or say "ochi," they disappear immediately.
Tourist Police Station. In Omonia Street, the main shopping area of Kavala (updated Apr 2015)
Port Authority. At the harbour. (updated Apr 2015)
Drama is a provincial town. The very nice park, "Agios Barbara" with its cafés, high overshadowing trees, streams, lakes with bridges, ducks and swans is really worth visiting.
Thassos The green Island with high forested mountains and fine beaches is one of the most beautiful Greek Islands. Thassos can be visited as a day trip from Kavala, but it is worth to spend several days there.
Xanthi: famous for its carnival and picturesque Old Town
Lemnos and Agios Efstratios Island: Reachable by ferry boat from Kavala. Both islands with nice beaches and little tourism. A good alternative to the typical tourism islands.
Samothrace Island: is an ideal place for a rural retreat, it is very unsophisticated and lacks almost all tourist infrastructure. Reachable by ferry boat via Alexandroupolis
Nestos: About 30 km east of Kavala lies the nature reserve of the Nestos river, an area of unique natural beauty and wildlife
Serres & Serres (region) is a provincial town on the way to Bulgaria. Worth seeing is Lake Kerkini which is a habit for migrating birds
Halkidiki: top Greek tourist destination
This city travel guide to Kavala is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.