For other places with the same name, see Lansing (disambiguation).
Lansing is a pleasant city, and as Michigan's state capital, it is home to many government offices. Downtown Lansing has a historic shopping district amidst the campus of Thomas M. Cooley Law School.
Its suburb—East Lansing—is the home of Michigan State University, a Big Ten school and one of the United States' largest and most distinguished public universities with three medical schools and a law school. General Motors has a major presence in the area.
The Lansing metro area has a population of about 464,000 (2010).
Lansing is easily accessible from Detroit and Chicago. Interstate 96 directly connects Lansing and East Lansing to Detroit and Grand Rapids. US-127 to Interstate 94 connects Lansing and East Lansing to Chicago, Ann Arbor, and Detroit. Interstate 69 connects Lansing and East Lansing to Flint and Fort Wayne.
Capital Area Transportation Authority (CATA) provides local bus service.
Greyhound Lines service Lansing and East Lansing, with direct connections to Detroit, Grand Rapids, and Kalamazoo (with transfers to Chicago).
Owosso, Michigan-based Indian Trails Bus Lines provides daily service to Chicago.
Michigan Flyer Motorcoach service provides multiple daily connections to Detroit Metropolitan Airport with stops in Jackson and Ann Arbor.
Amtrak provides one daily train service via the Blue Water Service, which connects to Flint and Port Huron to the east and Battle Creek, Kalamazoo, and Chicago to the west. There's also Amtrak Thruway Buses to the Wolverine line between Chicago and Detroit as well as the Capitol and Lake Shore Limited services via Toledo.
All trains depart from  East Lansing Station (+1 800-872-7245), located on 1240 S Harrison Rd next to the Michigan State University in East Lansing. CATA's route 20 provides service to the station for both departures and arrivals on weekdays, and for arrivals to East Lansing on Saturday. Connections to downtown Lansing are provided by route 1.
Capitol Region International Airport (LAN IATA), 4100 Capitol City Blvd (is in DeWitt Township, 3 mi ( km) northwest of downtown Lansing on Grand River Avenue, Business Route 96), ☏ +1 517 321-6121. Offers non-stop domestic flights to Detroit, Chicago, Minneapolis, Atlanta, Washington D.C., and Orlando. Non-stop international flights are available seasonally to Cancún and Puerto Vallarta, Mexico; and Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. A concierge travel center in the airport terminal offers the ability to book airline tickets, cruises, tours, car rentals, and hotel rooms.
The airport is served by Capital Area Transit Authority (CATA) bus line 14, which provides direct service to downtown Lansing.
Detroit Metropolitan Airport, Flint Bishop International Airport, and Grand Rapids Gerald R. Ford International Airport are other nearby airports which serve the region.
Taxi companies provide around the clock service to the Lansing-area. It is not necessary to call ahead for evening taxi service near downtown East Lansing, but riders should allow at least 30 minutes for taxi service to arrive elsewhere. This is especially true on weekends.
Lansing is served by a number of highways. Travel by car to any part of the city normally takes very little time. Traffic is generally light in the region. While there is some rush hour traffic, visitors driving in the region should not anticipate heavy congestion. The heaviest traffic is concentrated on the east and west sides of the city.
The Lansing-area is served by the Capital Area Transportation Authority (CATA) bus system. Visitors should find bus service to downtown Lansing, downtown East Lansing, and Michigan State University a convenient and affordable alternative to driving. Buses along the Michigan/Grand River Ave corridor (Route 1), which travel between downtown Lansing and East Lansing, run until 3AM on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, making it easy to avoid driving and parking fees. CATA recommends using the smartphone app Transit to plan trips, track buses in real time, and see up-to-date departure information.
Many companies provide taxi service throughout the area. Taxi service is heavily concentrated in the downtown East Lansing-area, especially during evenings and weekends. There is no need to call ahead for taxis in downtown East Lansing, as an available taxi can always be found on Albert Street behind downtown East Lansing. In downtown Lansing, taxi service is not as frequent. Taxi service usually arrives in under 30 minutes. Visitors should expect longer delays on the weekends and during Michigan State University football games. One option is LM Cabdead link, +1 517-295-2334.
The City of Lansing provides an extensive river walk trail along the Red Cedar River and Grand River. Visitors will enjoy strolling along the Red Cedar as it meanders through the beautiful Michigan State University campus, through dense forest, past the City of Lansing's Potter Park Zoo, where the Red Cedar joins the Grand River (Michigan's largest river) and continues through downtown Lansing, Cooley Law School Stadium (formerly Oldsmobile Park), home of the Lansing Lugnuts minor league baseball team, the downtown Farmer's Market, and to the River Walk terminus near the historic Old Town on Lansing's north side.
The area offers many bike lanes, especially in East Lansing near the Michigan State University. Whether on foot or by bike, the area offers plenty of sidewalks, bike lanes, and trails to connect pedestrians to all the local attractions.
For visitors arriving or leaving, Lansing is well-connected to the major regional transportation hubs of Chicago and Detroit. The Capital Region International Airport, Amtrak, CATA, Greyhound Bus Lines, Indian Trails, and Michigan Flyer provide transportation services to and from Lansing. Freeways I-96, I-496, I-69, and US-127 provide fast and convenient connections throughout the Lansing area.
Lansing is the state capital of Michigan and the regional center of Mid-Michigan. The city's population is under 115,000 and the metropolitan is under 500,000. Do not expect the big city lights and action of a metropolitan of millions. But there are still many great things to do in and around Lansing. Yes, it snows in Michigan. So embrace the beauty of the seasons, and plan your activities accordingly.
The Michigan Historic Center and Library. This building houses the State Library in one wing and museum in the other. In the center is a live White Pine, the state tree. The museum is appropriate for all ages. (updated Aug 2016)
Michigan State University Museum, 409 W Circle Dr, ☏ +1 517-355-2370. The museum is on the campus of MSU in the old library, and houses a large collection of dinosaur bones and other artifacts. Cost of admission for students is waived. (updated Aug 2016)
Impression 5 Science Center, 200 Museum Dr, ☏ +1 517-485-8116. A great museum geared toward exposing younger children to the world of science. (updated Aug 2016)
Broad Art Museum (MSU Broad), 547 E Circle Dr, ☏ +1 517-884-4800. The museum houses a moderately large and constantly changing collection of cutting-edge postmodern art, including Damien Hirst, Joseph Beuys, Andy Warhol, and Nam June Paik. The architecture (by Zaha Hadid) is controversial, but undeniably spectacular. (updated Aug 2016)
R.E. Olds Transportation Museum, 240 Museum Dr, ☏ +1 517-372-0529. A museum dedicated to the founder of Oldsmobile, which was later bought by GM and was for years a popular US auto brand. Many traces of R.E. Olds remain in Lansing. The tallest building in the city, the Boji Tower (noted for its large red clock), was built as the Olds Tower, after its major financier, R.E. Olds. The area near the location of an old Olds factory is now called REO Town, after R.E. Olds. The Lansing Lugnuts, a minor league baseball team plays in a stadium formerly known as Oldsmobile Park near downtown Lansing. (updated Aug 2016)
The Michigan Women's Historical Center & Hall of Fame, 1982 W. Grand River Ave., Okemos. The museum details the accomplishments of women in Michigan. It moved from its previous location to a storefront in the Meridian Mall by July 2017. The entire museum can be viewed in 15-20 minutes. (updated Aug 2016)
Michigan State Capitol, 100 N Capitol Ave, ☏ +1 517-373-2348. The capitol has been beautifully restored and sits in the heart of downtown Lansing surrounded by beautiful mid-rise buildings of Michigan's golden auto years. The building was dedicated in 1873; today it is a National Historic Landmark, and still the working seat of the Michigan House of Representatives and Michigan Senate. Self-guided and guided tours of the capitol are available. (updated Aug 2016)
Turner-Dodge House & Heritage Center, 100 E North St, ☏ +1 517-483-4220. Built in 1858, this beautiful and meticulously maintained home is available for tours. Cost of admission is $ for non-residents and $ for residents. (updated Aug 2016)
Michigan State University Campus. The MSU campus is home to many historic buildings north of the Red Cedar River.
Michigan Hall of Justice. Home to the Michigan Court of Appeals and Michigan Supreme Court, this relatively new structure is at the opposite end of a mall from the capitol.
Ingham County Court House. Lansing is the only state capital to not also be the county seat. The county seat is in the small town of Mason. The historic courthouse in the center of town is the crown gem of this sleepy village.
River Trail. The Lansing River Trail extends over 13 miles (21 km) along the Red Cedar and Grand Rivers. Users of the paved and board walk trail can enjoy the natural beauty of the rivers all the way from the campus of MSU to Dietrich Park near Old Town on the north side of Lansing. The attractions along the way include the Potter Park Zoo, multiple access points for canoes and kayaks, downtown Lansing, the Museum District, Oldsmobile Park, the historic farmers market, and Old Town. The trail is being expanded to provide access to the south side of Lansing. Spring, summer, and fall, this is a great way to see many of the Lansing attractions.
Lake Lansing. Located near Haslett, the lake is surrounded by beautiful homes and a number of parks. The MSU sailing club provides sailing lessons for a nominal fee. It is an ideal location to spend a summer afternoon and melt away.
Potter Park Zoo, 1301 S. Pennsylvania Ave. The zoo is in a park integrated into the city's excellent river trail, and is a terrific way to spend an afternoon. The park is very children-friendly and features a petting park where the children can pet some of the animals. There are peacocks walking about the park along with pony and camel rides. If you're driving, the zoo's entrance is along Pennsylvania Avenue but it can be accessed on foot or bike using the river trail. (updated Nov 2019)
Hawk Island Park (Hawk Island County Park), 1601 E. Cavanaugh (Between Pennsylvania and Aurelius), ☏ +1 676-2233. This 100-acre park, in the south end of Lansing, is a green oasis in a busy city. The beach, playground, Splash Pad, walking and biking trails, picnic shelters and volleyball make it the perfect spot for a summer outing.
Patriarche Park, Alton St. This excellent park has a busy, incredibly elaborate playground, but also quiet, relaxing areas. This is one of the few playgrounds that will delight all ages.
Reutter Park. Beautiful and historic fountain in the center of the park in downtown Lansing
Durant Park. Gift to the people of Lansing by General Motors founder William Durant. The park features a historic arch
Francis Park. Beautiful rose garden and Grand River views.
Fenner Nature Center, 2020 E. Mount Hope Ave, ☏ +1 517-483-4224, info@mynaturecenter.org. Arboretum with small lakes.
Woldumar Nature Center, 5739 Old Lansing Rd (near the Grand River in Lansing), ☏ +1 517 322-0030.
Cooley Gardens. The gardens surround the Michigan Women's Historical Center and Hall of Fame a few blocks away from the capitol. The garden is typical of an early 20th-century garden and features a rose garden. (updated Nov 2019)
Michigan State University Horticultural Landscape Demonstration Gardens. The gardens are open all year, but are best viewed spring to fall. The garden's beauty changes with each season, and is surprisingly colorful all through the fall months. The roses are especially beautiful in the summer months. The garden is on the south side of campus away from most of the University lecture halls. (updated Nov 2019)
Michigan State University W.J. Beal Botanical Garden. The Beal Botanical garden owes its beginnings to W.J. Beal, a former president of MSU that established a plot along the Red Cedar River in 1872 with 140 species of plants. The garden is situated along the north side of the Red Cedar near the center of campus amid the park-like surrounding of the MSU campus and is enjoyed by thousands of students each year as they pass between classes. (updated Nov 2019)
Michigan 4-H Children's Garden at MSU. The 4-H garden is located near the MSU Horticultural gardens and is fun for children and adults alike. The garden features exhibits such as the "pizza garden," which includes oregano and basil, which children can taste and smell. Many of the plants are familiar tastes and smells that children will instantly realize as the source of enjoyment in many of their favorite treats. (updated Nov 2019)
Michigan State University Hidden Lake Gardens. Hidden Lake Gardens is owned and operated by Michigan State University under the division of Land Management, but supported through private endowments and gifts, along with a small amount of money from MSU. The Gardens are open 362 days of the year with an admission fee of $3 per person. Guided tours, requested at least two weeks in advance, are available at no additional charge. In addition to more than 6 miles of one-way paved drives, there are 5 miles of hiking trails to allow the visitor a closer look at the beauty that the Gardens provide. These gardens are physically in Tipton, Michigan, approximately 80 miles to the southeast. (updated Nov 2019)
The Riverwalk Theater, the Lansing Civic Players, and the Boars Head Theater are all in downtown Lansing.
Peppermint Creek Theater Company: It is a relatively new and award winning theater group.
The Creole Gallery brings various musicians and hosts the Icarus Falling Theater Group.
Wharton Center for Performing Arts, 750 E. Shaw Ln, wharton@msu.edu. The center is on the campus of MSU and is home of the Lansing Symphony Orchestra, which performs 17 concerts a year for free. The center hosts many of the best Broadway shows, finest classical musicians, and unrivaled dance companies. The theater completed a major renovation in 2009. (updated Nov 2019)
The Library of Michigan and historical Center is a well-regarded state library and research enter. The library is a top five genealogical research center in the United States.
The Capital Area District Library system has three branches in the City of Lansing: the Main Library downtown, the Foster Library on the east side, and the South Library on the south side of the city.
Michigan State University Libraries includes a large collection within the Main Library and smaller libraries outside the Main Library. These libraries include the Biomedical & Physical Sciences Library, the William C. Gast Library, the Law Library, the Dubai Library, the Engineering Library, the Gull Lake Library (at Kellogg Biological Station, approximately 65 miles to the southwest of the main campus), the Mathematics Library, and the Veterinary Medical Center Library.
The East Public Lansing Library is on Abbot Road just south of Saginaw.
Old Town (Trendy historic enclave).
Western Michigan University Cooley Law School (Thomas M. Cooley Law School). Nation's largest law school.
Lansing Lugnuts (Cooley Law School Stadium), 505 E. Michigan Ave, ☏ +1 517 485-8500. The Lansing Lugnuts are the city's Class A Minor League Baseball team, an affiliate of the Oakland Athletics. They play at Cooley Law School Stadium (the local law school bought the naming rights).
The Michigan Princess (Michigan's only triple decker riverboat offers stunning views of the Grand River in Lansing).
Over 100 community gardens/urban farms link
Michigan State University (no shortage of things to do and see, especially Big 10 athletics).
MSU 4H Children's Gardens (great place to take children for the afternoon).
East Lansing Film Festival (largest film festival in Michigan).
East Lansing Arts Festival (one of the largest in Michigan).
Common Ground Festival (an event attracting approximately 100,000 to downtown Lansing).
Silver Bells (watch the decorating and lighting of the state tree during the holiday season. Around 80,000 come to watch).
The Riverwalk Theatreand The Lansing Civic Players (small theater productions in downtown Lansing).
The Greater Lansing Symphony Orchestra(17 free shows each year at the Wharton Center at MSU).
Wharton Center for the Performing Arts(one of the largest theaters in the state and nationally recognized. The center consists of two separate stages and attracts internationally recognized productions as well as lesser known acts).
MSU Auditorium, the Fairchild Theatre, and the Arena Theatre
The Hannah Community Center and the Albert White Performing Arts Theater
The Dart Auditorium of Lansing Community College
Impression 5 Science Center (Hands-on science museum for young children).
The Lansing Center (the City of Lansing's convocation center).
Lake Lansing (7 miles from downtown Lansing and even to downtown East Lansing, Lake Lansing offers beaches, sailing, and other summertime activities. In the winter, you can go ice fishing).
Abrams Planetarium (planetarium on MSU campus), 755 Science Rd, ☏ +1 517 355-4672, abrams@msu.edu. (updated Nov 2019)
Groesbeck Golf Course, 1523 E. Cesar Chavez Ave, ☏ +1 517 483-4333. (updated Dec 2019)
Michigan State University: Michigan State University (MSU) is a member of the Big Ten athletic conference, and is among the largest universities in the United States, with over 45,000 students. MSU is known for its academics and athletics. US News & World Report ranks MSU as a Tier 1 university. MSU is home to 3 medical schools, 1 law school, and the National Superconducting Cyclotron Laboratory (NSCL). The NSCL is the largest nuclear science facility on a university campus, and the nuclear physics graduate program is ranked 2nd to MIT. The campus park, the largest single university campus in the United States, is noted for its collegiate Gothic architecture and campus gardens. MSU is located in East Lansing.
The Thomas M. Cooley Law School located in downtown Lansing is among the nation's largest law schools. The MSU College of Law is located on the Michigan State University campus.
Lansing Community College, with an enrollment of over 20,000 students, is located in downtown Lansing.
Great Lakes Christian College is located in Delta Township, west of Lansing.
Davenport University, Central Michigan University, and Western Michigan University have satellite campuses in and around Lansing.
Greater Lansing offers a full array of shopping options, from malls to farmers markets. All the major shopping destinations are located within minutes of the city center.
Lansing Mall. A large indoor shopping mall in Delta Township, west of Lansing. (updated Nov 2019)
Meridian Mall. A large indoor shopping mall in Meridian Township. There are many large stores around Meridian Mall on Grand River Avenue, east of Lansing near Okemos. (updated Nov 2019)
Eastwood Town Center (on the north side of town). a modern outdoor shopping center with restaurants, retail, and a movie theater. (updated Nov 2019)
Frandor Shopping Center (between Grand River and Michigan Ave on the east side of Lansing). It is one block east of freeways US-127 and I-496. There are major retail stores and many smaller stores. (updated Nov 2019)
Washington Avenue. The main strip in downtown Lansing with numerous small retailers and restaurants. (updated Nov 2019)
Michigan Avenue. Runs from the foot of the Michigan State Capital to downtown East Lansing. That stretch offers many small shops, restaurants, and bars. (updated Nov 2019)
Grand River Avenue. Runs from the heart of downtown Detroit, through Lansing, East Lansing, and ends in Grand Rapids. In Lansing, Old Town has many shops, restaurants, bars, and numerous art galleries, densely packed on Grand River Avenue. In East Lansing, downtown is on the north side of Grand River Avenue and the MSU Campus is on the south side. (updated Nov 2019)
Meijer. A major Michigan grocery retailer. Meijer stores can be found throughout the Lansing-area. (updated Nov 2019)
The Lansing area lacks the dining options of the State's other major college town, Ann Arbor. But there are a number of excellent hidden gems. But no matter the appetite, the Lansing-area offers at least one gem for everyone. Michigan State University has a large number of South Korean students, and also many Korean dining options.
Pablo's Old Town: Great Mexican food at reasonable prices. It is in the historic Old Town off Grand River on the north side of Lansing. The homemade chips and salsa are complimentary (as well as complementary). Check out the three varieties of tortas. The restaurant is popular with locals who know where to find a good meal. This is a hidden gem in one of the trendiest area of the city.
Troppo: Located in downtown Lansing, Troppo offers upscale alfresco dining looking down the street to the State Capitol building. The restaurant caters mainly to government-related employees in the downtown Lansing-area.
Altu's Ethiopian Cuisine: at 1312 East Michigan Ave, it offers great food in a traditional atmosphere. The restaurant is vegetarian and vegan friendly.
Golden Harvest, 1625 Turner St, Lansing, Michigan 48906, ☏ +1 517-483-2257. Every Day 8:00 AM - 2:30 PM. Breakfast Party! (updated Jul 2019)
Jerusalem Bakery, 1456 E Michigan Ave, ☏ +1 517-485-9975. Offers traditional Mediterranean food, and is home to one of the best Falafel sandwiches you'll find in the greater Lansing area. (updated Aug 2016)
Kelly's Downtown Pub: On Washington, this Irish pub offers decent food and a lively atmosphere. A Lansing downtown fixture since 1985, with a fish and mac special on Friday and Saturday.
Mitchell's Fish Market: at 2975 Preyde Blvd. in Eastwood Towne Centre on the north end of town, Mitchell's is the best fish restaurant in town. The Sharkfin Pie dessert is huge and feeds several people. In the summer, enjoy alfresco and oysters on the half shell with your drink.
Bravo: An Italian restaurant in Eastwood Towne Center, across from Mitchell's Fish Market. It is an upscale chain, like Mitchell's Fish Market.
Fleetwood Diner: The diner is on the corner of Riley street and Cedar Street in Lansing. It looks like a train car. It has a great breakfast menu and is open 24 hours. The restaurant sports a large vegetarian menu.
Champps: at 2800 Preyde Blvd, it is an upscale sports bar. There is not a seat in the place where you cannot see one of the many large televisions. The food is better than most bars. It is often packed for Michigan State University basketball games.
Okemos, Haslett, and Meridian Township
Dusty's Cellar: 1857 West Grand River in Okemos, it offers upscale dining just east of East Lansing. It has great food and an excellent wine list. A good place for a special occasion (birthday, Valentine's Day) dinner.
T & D's Coney Island: at 1735 W. Grand River in Okemos, - they offer items such as coneys, sandwiches, salads, fries, and Gyros.)
Buddies: at 1937 West Grand River in Okemos, it offers the best nachos in town. But be warned, the portion size is large.
Mark's Watershed: A good restaurant near the beach of Lake Lansing.
The Blue Gill Grill: near Lake Lansing near the park at the foot of Lake Lansing Road. Try the pan fried bluegill or walleye for a Michigan treat.
Cancun Grill: An inexpensive Mexican restaurant with festive decor, a full bar, and outdoor seating; it's across from the MSU Federal Credit Union on Central Park Drive.
Guidos Pizza of Okemos, 1754 Central Park Dr G-3, ☏ +1 517 347-3030. 10am-10pm. Guidos Pizza is a Metro Detroit Pizza Company. The owner is from East Lansing and owned a Guidos in Waterford, Michigan. He also added gluten free pizza pasta and subs to his menu. Steve is rated #1 in the United States according to glutenfreeregistry.com for his gluten free pizza. He is also the only certified gluten free pizza maker in Michigan. $.
Lansing is full of working class bars. But there are also bars catering to Cooley Law students and young professionals downtown and in Old Town.
Midtown Brewing, 402 S Washington Square (downtown on Washington Ave), ☏ +1 517-977-1349. Great local Michigan brews in a comfortable atmosphere. Best place to get a quality beer in Lansing.
Kelly's: in downtown Lansing on Washington, the bar is small and popular among Cooley Law students.
Nut House: Sports bar on Michigan Ave. opposite Cooley Law School Stadium, it is perfect for a day at the game.
The Exchange: A nightclub in downtown Lansing on Michigan Ave.
The Green Door: A local favorite outside downtown Lansing, in the Eastside neighborhood on East Michigan Ave at the intersection with Clemens Avenue (more or less directly across from Emil's). With live music most nights, it is popular with a wide age group from mid twenties and up.
Moriarty's Pub: Located on Michigan Ave. outside downtown. A local pub.
Dagwood's Tavern & Grill: at 2803 East Kalamazoo in Lansing. It is an institution in its own right. A cozy neighborhood sports bar with great burgers and lively open-mic sessions every Tuesday.
The Wild Goose Inn, 512 Albert Avenue, East Lansing, ☏ +1 517 333-3334. Each room has a private bath, gas fireplace, cable TV with DVD/CD player, clock radio with iPod dock, and Internet access. All rooms, but one, also have Jacuzzis and sumptuous shower facilities.
Comfort Inn Lansing, 2187 University Park Drive, Okemos.
Quality Inn University Lansing Hotel, 3121 E. Grand River Ave, ☏ +1 517 351-1440, fax: +1 517 351-6220. Each stay includes two drinks at their poolside bar and complimentary full hot breakfast every morning. Check out their webpage.
Quality Suites Lansing Hotel, 901 Delta Commerce Dr, ☏ +1 517 886-0600, fax: +1 517 886-0103. A 117-Room all suites hotel offering in-room coffee maker, refrigerator, microwave, wet bar, iron ironing board and hairdryer. Secure Online Reservations.
Red Roof Inn Lansing East University, 3615 Dunckel Rd, toll-free: +1-800-733-7663.
Red Roof Inn Lansing West, 7412 W Saginaw Hwy.
Crowne Plaza Lansing West, 925 South Creyts Rd, ☏ +1 517-323-7100. Offers budget-friendly packages for family or romantic stays. Indoor pool, restaurant/bar. $121 (Oct 2022).
Crowne Plaza Lansing West, 925 South Creyts Rd, ☏ +1 517-323-7100. Provides free wireless internet, LCD flat screen TV's, indoor basketball court, swimming, on site restaurant and a free airport shuttle. (updated Aug 2016)
Candlewood East Lansing, 3545 Forest Rd, ☏ +1 517-351-8181. On MSU Campus, attached to James B. Henry Center for Executive Development and the University Club. (updated Aug 2016)
Courtyard Lansing, 2710 Lake Lansing Rd, ☏ +1 517-482-0500.
East Lansing Marriott at University Place, 300 M. A. C. Ave, East Lansing, ☏ +1 517-337-4440. Across from MSU Campus.
The Kellogg Center at Michigan State University. Large hotel and conference center with views of the campus.
Radisson Hotel Lansing at the Capitol, 111 N. Grand Ave, ☏ +1 517-482-0188, rhi_lans@radisson.com. A downtown hotel accommodating large conferences which adjoins the convention center. (updated Sep 2020)
Lansing provides convenient access to all of Michigan's Lower Peninsula. Michigan is a wonderful state to explore in all seasons. In the summer, get out and kayak the many rivers, take a sailboat out on the thousands of lakes, or enjoy a day at the beach along the thousands of miles of sandy beaches along the Great Lakes. The fall is perfect for hiking through the woods and taking a camera to document the leaves as they change from vibrant green to golden yellow. Fall is also a time for enjoying Michigan's abundant crop of Michigan apples and Michigan sweet corn. Michigan is one of the country's largest wine growing regions. Get out and explore.
Detroit: Visit Michigan's first state capital! Only  hours away from Lansing is Michigan's largest city. The city is home to a metropolitan of combined statistical area of nearly  million people. Founded in 1701 as a French outpost, the city boats North America's tallest hotel, the busiest international crossing in the country, world-class museums, and all the major sports. Detroit is a gaming center, with three major casinos and one major casino across the river in Windsor, Canada. Visitors will enjoy the sights and tastes of Greek Town and Mexican Town, which have long been staples of the Detroit restaurant scene. The city is also home to many of the best examples of art deco architecture in the world. A visit to the Detroit-area would not be complete without checking out a number of the suburban cities. Dearborn is home to the world headquarters of Ford Motor Company and the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village. The collection includes the chair in which President Lincoln was assassinated, the car in which President Kennedy was assassinated, a replica of Liberty Hall, Thomas Edison's last breath, Thomas Edison's childhood home, and the Wright Brothers bicycle shop.
Grand Rapids: The city is Michigan's second largest and located on the west side of the state, or as it is known locally, "the other West Coast." The city has not suffered as greatly from the decline of the auto industry as other Midwest cities, and has a modern class skyline. The city is home to the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Museum and Library. The city has an impressive art collection and located nearby is the Frederik Meijer Gardens and Sculpture Park, which includes a replica of Leonardo Da Vinci's massive sculpture, Horse. The gardens receives over 600,000 visitors annually.
Ann Arbor: The city is Michigan's academic and cultural center. The city is home to the University of Michigan, many of the State's high-tech jobs, museums, and many fine restaurants. The high population density, lively downtown, and good public transportation system, make the city one of the best in Michigan. It is also close to Detroit, providing easy access to major events in downtown Detroit.
Traverse City: Traverse City is the largest city in upper Michigan. Situated on the Grand Traverse Bay, the setting is idyllic and popular tourist and vacation destination for people in the Chicago and Detroit-areas. The area is the largest cherry producing area in the world, and one of the largest wine-producing regions in the country. The area has also begun growing hops to provide the growing number of local breweries. The city is comparable to smaller version of Ann Arbor.
Mackinaw City: Mackinaw City is the northern most point of the Lower Peninsula and gateway to Michigan's rugged wilderness in the Upper Peninsula. To the west is Lake Michigan and to the east is lake Huron. In the middle are the Straits of Mackinaw. In the center is the Mackinaw Bridge, or Mighty Mac. The bridge is one of the largest in the country and links Michigan together by a thread of steel and concrete.
Mackinac Island: This small paradise is in Lake Huron, just offshore from Mackinaw City. The historic island is protected by a stone fort built by the British to control the trade routes of the Great Lakes. Historic homes, including the governor's mansion, dot this island. No motorized vehicles are allowed on the island, so tourists must get around by horse, on bike, or by foot. The island is noted for its beauty, fudge, and the Grand Hotel. The Grand Hotel, built in 1887, still maintains the record for the largest porch in the world.
Fort Wayne ← Marshall ← Jct W E ←
This city travel guide to Lansing is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.