For other places with the same name, see Las Vegas (disambiguation).
Las Vegas is a huge city with several district articles that contain information about specific sights, restaurants, and accommodation.
Situated in the midst of the southern Nevada desert, Las Vegas is the largest city in the state of Nevada. Nicknamed Sin City, Las Vegas and its surrounding communities are famed for their mega-casino resorts, often lavishly decorated with names and themes meant to evoke romance, mystery, and exotic destinations. Along the brightly-lit Strip through the center of the city, visitors will find all manner of amusements and entertainment: circuses, stage shows, thrill rides, erotica, exotic animals, fine dining restaurants, nightclubs, shopping, and elaborate fountain displays, to say nothing of the age-old allure of gambling and drinking.
The Strip Lined by casino hotels, this 4-mile stretch of Las Vegas Boulevard is the epicenter of Las Vegas. Gambling, shows, eating and drinking, things to see such as replicas of buildings from around the world, gardens, theme parks and even museums — you won't easily run out of experiences here.
Downtown Las Vegas North of the Strip, this can be considered the 'old town' of Las Vegas and here you can find the oldest casinos still in business, with massive installations of neon and bulbs. Many are along Fremont Street, whose canopy cover doubles as a huge LED screen featuring light shows every half hour or so.
West of I-15 This area of town is largely suburban in character, but still has several attractions within a mile or two of The Strip that many travelers won't want to miss out on. For experiencing some of the nature of the southwestern U.S. Red Rock Canyon on the western rim of the Las Vegas Valley is just a 30 minute drive from The Strip.
Henderson and Eastern Las Vegas While the most famous casinos are along the Strip, there are also many to choose from when going east. If looking for cheaper accommodation and a less hectic Las Vegas trip, this part of the city can be a good choice. There are also a couple of interesting museums here.
North Las Vegas Administratively separate from Las Vegas, this is mostly a residential part of the Las Vegas Valley. Certainly not as intense as districts further south, it is notable for its motor speedway and air force base. Adventurous travelers might enjoy renting an ATV and exploring the Nellis Dunes.
Compared with other American cities, even those in the western United States, Las Vegas is a relatively recent arrival. It was founded in 1905 and for many years was a fairly small settlement. However, several pivotal events in the early- to mid-20th century catapulted Las Vegas to prominence and set it on the path to grow into what it is today. First was the construction of nearby Hoover Dam from 1931 until 1936, which brought thousands of workers to the area. Second was the legalization of gambling by the state of Nevada in 1931, which led to the establishment of casinos and speakeasies that established Downtown Las Vegas as an entertainment center for the Hoover Dam workers.
Amidst rapid growth in the local gambling industry, the luxurious El Rancho Vegas resort opened in 1941 on what would later become the Las Vegas Strip. This was followed up by Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel's Flamingo Hotel in 1946, starting the building boom and one-upmanship that continues today. This would also create a precedent of organized crime involvement in Nevada's gambling industry. While federal regulations and enforcement as well as investments by established corporations have virtually wiped out any mob involvement today, the building bonanza continues with ever-more elaborate resorts and attractions being constructed.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Precipitation+Snow totals in inchesSee Las Vegas's 7 day forecast Data from NOAA (1981-2010)
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
The city is laid out as follows: Main Street as well as the numbered streets run north-south, starting with Main Street in the west. The bus station is on Main Street. Downtown has several hotel-casinos, as well as the "Fremont Street Experience", a pedestrian mall lined with casinos, shops, and restaurants near the western end of Fremont Street. A couple miles south of downtown starts the "Strip" (Las Vegas Boulevard South), a north-south street lined with large casino-hotels, shopping malls, and many other attractions. The northern end of the Strip is marked by the tall Stratosphere Tower. Frequent city buses run up and down the Strip and connect the Strip to downtown. The Las Vegas monorail and the convention center sit just east of the Strip, and the University of Nevada at Las Vegas (UNLV) is slightly further east on Maryland Parkway. The airport is at the southern end of the Strip.
For a variety of legal and historical reasons, most of the largest casinos are not actually situated in the City of Las Vegas. The Strip and most other Las Vegas attractions actually sit in Paradise — an unincorporated town with just under 200,000 inhabitants. The City of Las Vegas only controls Las Vegas Boulevard as far south as Sahara Avenue. In the United States, most unincorporated areas lack municipal self-governance, are rural, and have populations in the hundreds or thousands. The lobbying power of the casinos has ensured that Paradise remains unincorporated and that Las Vegas cannot annex it. From a visitor's perspective, these legal distinctions are most important in terms of emergency services. You will see different fire trucks and ambulances depending upon whether you are north or south of Sahara Avenue, but the same police cars, since the city and county merged their law enforcement into one agency in 1969.
Meanwhile, on the other side of the Pacific, Macau has become an even bigger gambling center than Las Vegas by dollar volume. Many of Las Vegas' largest casinos have branches there. However, Macau is not (yet?) even close to Vegas as an entertainment venue, though it does have shows by major Chinese stars, and some Western entertainers.
Within the US, Las Vegas has no close competitors as a gambling destination; Atlantic City runs a rather distant second.
Las Vegas Visitor Information Center, 3150 Paradise Rd (inside Las Vegas Convention Center - Center Concourse), ☏ +1 702 892-0711, toll-free: +1-877-847-4858. M-F 8AM-5PM. (updated Jan 2019)
Welcome to the real City of Las Vegas!
Southern Californians crowd Interstate 15 every weekend going back and forth to Vegas, and from the Bay Area the quickest route comes down Interstate 5 through the Central Valley, takes State Route 58 east from Bakersfield, and joins Interstate 15 at Barstow. Expect this drive to be crowded and frustrating, unless you can come and go at off-peak hours; you may find air travel to be a better option with service to major California airports and many smaller ones as well. However, many find the 280-mile (450 km) drive along I-15 restful and scenic. Attractions along the I-15 include the California towns of Barstow and Baker; the Mojave Desert; and small hotel-casinos in Nevada at Primm (at the California border) and Jean, respectively. If you are traveling the I-15, you are crossing a desert, and should carry (and drink) ample amounts of water, especially on hot summer days where temperatures can reach 110°F (43°C).
From east of Las Vegas, travelers typically drive on I-40 through Arizona, and then head north toward Vegas on US 93 in Kingman, before US 93 becomes concurrent with Interstate 11 on the Colorado River bridge just downstream from Hoover Dam. I-11 is now complete from the river to an interchange with I-215 and I-515 in Henderson, bypassing Boulder City. The completion of the I-11 bridge eliminated what was once the biggest traffic chokepoint of an otherwise sparsely populated desert area. The old road through this area still carries traffic to the Lake Mead National Recreation Area and directly through Boulder City. Even with long-haul through traffic now routed on the new bridge, the old road is still crowded with tourist traffic to Lake Mead and the dam.
From the north, I-15 meets the Arizona border at the more relaxed town of Mesquite, Nevada and shortly goes into Utah. Most people driving from the east will exit onto I-15 at its junction with I-70, though those from further north may meet I-15 from I-80 in Salt Lake City.
Those traveling from the north drive on US-95 from Reno and Tonopah. This is a two-lane highway until it reaches the community of Mercury, where US-95 is a four-lane highway. The route is sparsely populated and travelers should ensure that their fuel tank is full.
Intercity bus companies have their own separate stops or stations in different parts of town. See the below links:
Greyhound, (bus station) RTC South Strip Transfer Terminal @ 6675 Gilespie St (Bay 10, RTC South Strip Transfer Terminal near Sunset Road, south of Harry Reid International Airport), ☏ +1 702 384-9561, toll-free: +1-800-231-2222. Operates buses to/from Salt Lake City (UT); Kingman (AZ); Los Angeles, (CA), San Diego, San Bernardino, Bakersfield, Denver; and Phoenix, (AZ via Flagstaff) on multiple routes. Ticket counter inside the RTC Terminal Building in the middle of the transit center. Buses board at Bay 10 on far west of the transit center (location of map marker). (updated Dec 2019)
Las Vegas Shuttle, (bus/shuttle station) 1404 N Eastern Ave, ☏ +1 702 642-0007. Goes down to Tijuana Airport & bus station via San Ysidro, San Diego, Escondido, etc; and to Huntington Park via Los Angeles, Ontario, Fontana, etc on another route. See schedules for list of additional stops. Additional local stops at the Tropicana (3201 W Tropricana Ave); South Point (Shell Station @ 9692 SW Las Vegas Blvd). (updated Aug 2020)
El Paso-Los Angeles Limousines, (bus station) 1100 S Main St (SW corner of W Charleston (SR-159) & S Main), ☏ +1 702 369-3933. They go to Los Angeles via Colton & El Monte on one route and towards El Paso via Phoenix, Deming & Las Cruces on another. They also have another depot at 1410 N Eastern Ave in North Las Vegas. (updated Nov 2015)
Los Paisanos, (office) 3050 E Bonanza Rd Suite 195 (Bonanza Mojave Square at NW corner of E Bonanza Rd & N Mojave Rd), ☏ +1 702 734-6900, toll-free: +1 866 771-7575. Travels southeast towards El Paso and north towards Salt Lake City, Jerome, ID; and Caldwell ID. Crosses into Mexico via El Paso/Cd Juarez. (updated Apr 2016)
TUFESA Bus Lines, (Bus station) 99 Martin Luther King Blvd (MLK Blvd & Mineral Ave, SW of the I-15 & US-95 junction.), ☏ +1 702 254-6899. Offers bus service to Los Angeles, Salt Lake City and Hermosillo (via Kingman, Phoenix, Tucson & Nogales) (updated Feb 2023)
Flixbus, (bus stops) (Multiple locations) (There are more than 3 separate stops in Las Vegas. Check tickets for specific location.), ☏ +1 855 626-8585. Connects Las Vegas to Los Angeles, San Diego, Palm Springs, San Francisco, Oakland, Bakersfield, and Fresno in California, Phoenix, Tucson and Sedona in Arizona, and Salt Lake City and smaller towns in Utah. (updated Jan 2020)
St. George Shuttle, ☏ +1 435 628-8320, toll-free: +1 800 933-8320. Bus service between the airport and St. George Utah. (updated May 2023)
See also: Air travel in the United States
Harry Reid International Airport (LAS IATA). Is served by most major domestic and many international air carriers. Terminal 1 serves most domestic flights, including those of dominant carrier Southwest Airlines as well as budget airlines Spirit Airlines and Allegiant Air, all of which have large operations at the airport. Terminal 3 serves all international flights, with service to Canada, Mexico, the UK, the Netherlands, and Panama among other places, as well as some domestic flights such as Frontier Airlines. (Terminal 2 closed in 2012 and has since been demolished.) The airport has scarce public transport connections due to being the busiest in the world without an airport rail link. It is also one of the few in the world to have slot machines in it, meaning you can lose your entire vacation budget within minutes of stepping off the plane. The airport provides free Wi-Fi without registration. For departing flights:
Allow plenty of time for security screening, especially on Sundays, or when a major convention ends. It's sometimes worth considering scheduling your flight an additional day after to avoid crowds.
Curbside check-in counters can save time, but will cost you $4 per bag + tip, and if flying an "open" ticket, you won't be allocated a seat number until boarding time...and likely to be an undesirable seat. (updated Jul 2022)
Henderson Executive Airport (HSH IATA). The corporate choice for aviation in Las Vegas. Located just minutes from the world famous Vegas strip, Henderson Airport is the ideal alternative to Harry Reid International Airport. Air taxi and air charter companies such as Jet Charter Vegas, Monarch Air Group, Mercury Jets, Lido Jets Vegas, The Early Air Way and Jetset Charter fly a variety of private charter aircraft and jets, from charter luxury Gulfstream's down to economical piston twins for small groups and individuals. (updated Jul 2022)
Direct Amtrak service to Las Vegas was discontinued in 1997 due to budget problems. You can connect to existing routes using bus service, including Amtrak Thruway service via Santa Barbara, Oxnard, or Bakersfield.
A new railway line from Rancho Cucamonga known as Brightline West is under construction, and is scheduled to go into service in 2028.
If traveling along the Strip, walking is a reasonable option as the hotel-casinos are close to each other. However, what may look to be a short walk of only a couple hotel-casinos away may be farther than you expected as the resorts often look closer than they are due to their large size. In most cases, hotels are connected to each other either by bridge or underground or in the case of Excalibur, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay, by a complimentary rail shuttle. During the summer, the oppressive heat during the daylight hours may make walking a very uncomfortable activity. Take extra precautions when imbibing alcohol and walking outside as heat-stroke and severe dehydration are common health risks.
Las Vegas Monorail (RTC Transit), ☏ +1 702 699-8200, customerservice@lvmonorail.com. Runs along the east side of the Strip with stops behind several of the hotels and at the Las Vegas Convention Center. It costs $5 one-way and $12 for a one-day pass, with 2-7 day passes also available. Do the math before boarding; it could be cheaper for a small group to take a taxi. Because the monorail stops at the back entrance of the hotels, it takes a long time to wind through the maze of casinos, often taking 20 minutes to an hour to get from one point to another on the Strip - if you're in a hurry, take a taxi. The monorail's carrying capacity of 4,000 people per hour is woefully insufficient to handle the evening exodus from the larger conventions which have as many as 150,000 attendees. If you are visiting with a friend from Nevada and want to ride the monorail, consider asking them to buy your fare because by showing a Nevada State ID or Clark County Work Permit Card (issued to all hotel employees) they qualify for the locals' fare of $1. The discounted fare can be purchased from the customer service booths located at each station. $5.
Due to high prices, inconvenient station locations, low passenger ridership, and the lack of any connection to downtown or the airport, the Monorail is widely regarded as a failure. It operated under the supervision of a federal bankruptcy court from January 2010 to May 2012 before being acquired by RTC Transit.
The resort trams serve the west side of the Strip (the monorail serves the east side) and are all people movers / automated guideway transit on elevated tracks with free fares.
Aria Express (CityCenter Tram). Connects the Bellagio to the Park MGM via the Aria and the Waldorf Astoria. Free. (updated Dec 2021)
Mandalay Bay Tram (Mandalay Bay Excalibur Tram). M-Th closed, F-Su 2-10PM. Free. (updated Dec 2021)
Mirage-Treasure Island Hotel and Casino Tram. M-W closed, Su Th noon-9PM, F Sa noon-midnight. Free. (updated Dec 2021)
The Deuce runs along the Strip
Buses can be an inexpensive and convenient option, especially if just traveling up-and-down the Strip, or to-and-from downtown. A bus ride is a good way to recuperate during those hot summer months after a long and tiring walk on the Strip since the buses are air-conditioned.
RTC Transit, ☏ +1 702 228-7433. The city bus system operates routes throughout the valley. Most routes operate 5:30AM-1:30AM daily, but some routes operate 24 hours per day. In addition to regular service, there is also the Deuce, a double-decker bus. The Deuce runs 24 hours a day. On the Strip, Deuce buses often stop at short intervals and may be there for a couple of minutes as passengers board and disembark.
The fare is $2 for all RTC residential routes (transfers an extra $1), and $6 for Deuce service (includes transfer). The fare for residential routes and the Deuce may be paid in cash directly to the driver (no change given). It's also possible to buy tickets for RTC routes with credit/debit cards using the Ride RTC mobile app (iOS and Android). Ticket vending machines give change and accept credit/debit cards. A day pass which includes fare for Deuce service costs $8, while a 3-day pass costs $20. Passes are issued from vending machines on "Transit Pass" tickets printed on shiny card stock with magnetic stripes, which you slide through a reader in front of the bus driver.
One of the easiest ways to get around is by taxi. Every hotel and most attractions have a taxi stand. It is relatively cheap to go from hotel to hotel, but since traffic is often so congested on the strip, taking a taxi often isn't much faster than walking. Many taxis will cut off the strip to use a parallel road—this is often faster but can double your taxi fare. The taxi driver is required to use the meter and to take the shortest route to your destination. There is a surcharge for rides originating at the airport, but not for extra passengers.
All taxis require an address for pickup and drop off. It is illegal in Las Vegas for taxis to pick up or drop off passengers on the street, especially on the Strip. It is customary to tip the hotel taxi dispatcher $1 and tip the taxi driver 15% of the meter, and about $1 per piece of luggage.
If you are traveling with a large group, consider hiring a limousine, as you will often forgo a wait and the price per person may even be lower than that using a taxicab. Limousines usually queue in front of the taxicab line and can be approached directly.
Ride hailing companies have established legal operating status in Las Vegas, and operate throughout the Las Vegas Valley. The two most common rideshare services are operated by Lyft and Uber. These cars are typically Las Vegas locals who drive their personal vehicles full or part-time via the corresponding app. In order to utilize rideshare, you must have the Lyft or Uber app (or both) installed on your smartphone, a registered account, and a valid credit card.
Uber and Lyft drivers will take you anywhere in the valley for a fee calculated by a base-fare, duration, and distance traveled. This price is often much cheaper than a traditional taxi cab. Drivers can pick up or drop off at the airport, and even take you to Hoover Dam.
As with taxis, all rides must have an address for pickup and drop off. Again, it is illegal in Las Vegas to pick up or drop off passengers on the street. For every major hotel on The Strip, there is a designated pickup/drop off area for rideshare services. Drop off is usually done at the main valet or front entrance; however, pickup can be in the parking garage (e.g. MGM Grand), a tour bus lobby (Bellagio) or at a side entrance to the casino (Linq). Asking guest services at the hotel where the designated pickup area is will help a lot. It could take several minutes to walk to, or locate this pickup area. Ordering your ride before arriving at the pickup area is not recommended as many drivers stage at, or nearby the pickup area. You can be charged a "No-Show" fee if you do not arrive to the pickup area in as little as 2 minutes.
Brake lights on a Saturday night in front of the Bellagio, as seen from the upper level of the Deuce bus
Driving Las Vegas Boulevard (the "Strip"), especially on weekends, is an exercise in frustration. Due to extremely severe gridlock, you could easily spend an hour (or more) sitting in traffic on the Strip just to travel a couple of miles—good for viewing the spectacle, but bad if you're actually trying to get somewhere. The Strip's most critically congested section is the -mile-long portion between Spring Mountain Road/Sands Avenue to the north and Tropicana Avenue to the south, which happens to be where almost all of the major hotel-casinos are located (the intersection of Tropicana Ave. and the Strip is one of the busiest in the world).
Do what the locals do and avoid driving long distances on the Strip altogether. Instead take I-15, which parallels the Strip, and get off at the exit nearest your hotel and park there. Frank Sinatra Drive (which connects to Sammy Davis Jr. Drive) lies just west of the Strip, runs behind the casinos, and provides another option. Koval Lane and Paradise Road provide similar access on the eastern side of the Strip. If you need to do an east or west traverse of the northern half of the Strip and I-15, consider using the Desert Inn Road superarterial, which was built specifically to provide a fast grade-separated route for east-west traffic.
Virtually no major casinos on the Strip or downtown offer free parking anymore, but many offer valet parking for a charge. On Friday and Saturday nights, the self-parking lots fill up fast; consider splurging on the valet to avoid cumbersome delays and endless circling around.
Some intersections in Nevada have an atypical traffic light signal: a flashing-yellow left arrow. This indicates that you may turn left after yielding the right-of-way to oncoming traffic and pedestrians. From flashing yellow, the arrow can either go to green for a traditional protected left turn or to solid yellow which indicates it is going to turn red.
If you mostly plan to hang around one casino and your time in Vegas is short, you might want to forego a rental car altogether and just take taxis. On the other hand, taxi/rideshare fares add up quickly, and with car rental so cheap, anyone staying a few days or longer would be better suited with the flexibility of a car. Some of the best sights are located just outside of Las Vegas and require that you drive to those destinations. If you need to or might go farther (e.g., out of state), ensure your rental agreement allows it and sharing of driving duties.
The base rental price for a car at Harry Reid International Airport is quite competitive with other major cities. Unfortunately, agencies at the airport must levy very large fees (e.g., for airport improvements) and taxes on those base prices. These can increase the modest weekly cost of a compact or intermediate size car by nearly 60 percent.
All airport rental car agencies share a single off-airport facility, the  McCarran Rent-A-Car Center, served by frequent free shuttle buses. However, the Rent-A-Car Center is located  mi ( mi) south of the airport (meaning shuttle buses must pass through the congested Paradise Road tunnel). Add at least 30 minutes to your schedule to pick up and/or drop off your vehicle to ensure you won't be late for meetings or departure flights.
There are numerous car rental offices on the Strip making it very easy to rent a car from your hotel for a day trip. Rent ahead of time as it can be busy during weekends and during major conventions. Check to see if those off-airport sites must also charge the above fees and taxes.
The Sphinx and pyramid at Luxor hotel
Individual listings can be found in Las Vegas's district articles
Set in the middle of the desert of Nevada, Las Vegas can seem unreal at first sight. The skyline of the Strip features many unusual buildings side by side, and once you've come closer and get to travel along the Strip you'll to see replicas of buildings from around the world like the Eiffel Tower, the Great Sphinx of Giza, the Statue of Liberty or St Mark's Campanile. The buildings that aren't copies also look striking, and there are things happening along the street like the dancing fountains of Bellagio and the exploding volcano of the Mirage, not to mention the colorful signs, of which there however are even more in the old town of Las Vegas; Downtown.
Inside hotels and casinos (the terms are interchangeable), expect to see myriads of slot machines, and gambling from card games to craps and roulette to sports betting. Hotel casinos often have a certain theme, and is decorated and sometimes features attractions to that theme, like the flamingo garden in Flamingo.
A combination pass, the Las Vegas Power Pass, gives holders free admission to many of the attractions listed in the districts, including the Stratosphere Tower Observation Deck, Madame Tussauds, Siegfried & Roy's Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat, Springs Preserve, the National Atomic Testing Museum, and plenty of others, as well as numerous activities and tours.
Individual listings can be found in Las Vegas's district articles
There's a great deal to do in Las Vegas; in addition to the gambling, the city is most famous for, you can for instance see a show, ride amusement park rides, watch and do sports or try to escape from an escape room. For mountain activities such as hiking, climbing, and skiing close to Las Vegas, see Go next.
There are places on the Strip where you can buy half-price show tickets, but generally not for the really popular shows on the same day of the performance. Cash or credit card accepted. Shows include circus shows, musicals, production shows, comedy, magic, tribute shows, adult shows,
Las Vegas hosts 8 popular Cirque du Soleil shows. To secure the best seats, reservations well in advance are recommended.
Reserve your tickets well in advance for the best available seating. The most popular shows are sold out on the weekends. Make sure to always book your seats directly from the official hotel website.
There are always different comedians coming to Las Vegas. Always a great way to get a laugh and end the night.
Chances are, if you win it big in Las Vegas and you are not a U.S. citizen, your winnings will be subject to a 30% withholding tax from the IRS. That $10,000 slot winning can dwindle quite quickly if that is taken off the top. Not to worry though; you can reclaim your gambling winnings tax through a 1042-S form. You should get this from the casino, so don't lose it...it is your starting ticket to getting your gambling winnings back.
Opportunities to gamble are found in most places in the Las Vegas metro area, even at Harry Reid Airport and small supermarkets.
It is state law that all gamblers must be at least 21 years of age and state law also prohibits anybody under the age of 21 from loitering in any area where gaming is present. Even if you are at least 21 years old, you are required to bring to the casino a valid, government-issued ID that shows your current age or complete date of birth (e.g. driver's license, passport) as proof of your age. Photocopies of valid IDs are usually not considered valid and temporary paper documents (i.e. the documents issued while the actual ID is being mailed to you) are not generally accepted unless accompanied by the corresponding ID. Non-US drivers licenses and identification cards (aside from passports) can be accepted at the casino's discretion but do not count on it.
In-house security makes rounds of inspections to check compliance. If you are under-age or without a valid ID to prove your age and found in the gambling premises, hotel staff will ask you to leave, and could ask the metro police to issue you a citation. Moreover, under-age gamblers cannot collect any jackpot; such bets are void and the casino will at best return your wager before asking you to leave the premises.
There is a curfew for those under the age of 18 (unless accompanied by an adult) for Strip and Downtown areas of 9PM; for other areas in Las Vegas, the curfew is 10:00pm. During certain events (e.g. New Year's Eve) there are extended hours on the curfew.
Expect to see hundreds and hundreds of slot machines inside any casino...
...in addition to pretty much any other kind of gambling
It is beneficial to understand the rules, strategies, and odds of each game before you arrive. The games with the lowest house advantage if you know how to play are craps (dice) with full odds and blackjack; however, tables where a 21-blackjack pays only 6:5 or even-money instead of the traditional 3:2 give the house a big advantage, and should be avoided. Games in which the casino has the best house advantage include slot machines, roulette, and some craps bets (hardways and propositions). If a game is unfamiliar to you, just ask the dealer for advice on how to play. If you are playing during the daytime at a table that is not crowded, most dealers will be happy to explain the game to you, and even slow down the dealing.
While card counting (the act of keeping track of played cards in an effort to boost your odds) is not illegal under federal law, some casinos' policies bar/ban people who count cards or may refuse winnings.
Most casinos offer ATMs and over-the-counter cash facilities, but beware about the charges set by your bank and the machine operator or establishment. ATMs in casinos may charge exorbitant fees for withdrawals.
One reason to gamble, aside from the hope of winning money, is that by doing so, you could receive complimentary ("comp") rooms, meals, and even airfare depending on your play (this is because the casinos want to "win some of their money back" from the high rollers). Most casinos issue free "player cards." It is generally to your advantage to show or insert your player card every time you play a table game or slot machine. At the end of your trip, you can ask the hotel if you are eligible for any comps, you might be pleasantly surprised. And if you arrive at the casino prepared to lay out $1,000 or more, don't be bashful; ask the pit boss to be "rated" for comps before or while you begin playing. Separate from comps, many hotels offer discount packages for travelers who book a Sunday-Thursday night arrival. Most of these packages offer gambling coupons or a matching play—see the Sleep section for details.
Texas Hold'em, 7-card stud, and Omaha can be found at almost all Las Vegas poker rooms. However, not all casinos have a poker room, so call the casino or ask a gaming floor attendant. Smoke sensitive players should note that while all poker rooms on the Strip are non-smoking, smoke may drift in from the casino if the room is not fully enclosed.
During June and July, the World Series of Poker (WSOP) is held in Las Vegas. If you are interested in poker, this is a must see and all top poker players are present. And if you are a skilled player, you can play the side games taking place during the WSOP.
Vegas Golden Knights (NHL), T-Mobile Arena, 3780 S Las Vegas Blvd, ☏ +1 702 645-4259. NHL (ice hockey) team that made it all the way to the Stanley Cup Final in its first season in 2017–18 (though losing), and lifted the Cup in its sixth season in 2022–23. The city's first team in one of the "big four" professional sports of the US and Canada, joined by the Las Vegas Raiders of the NFL in 2020. $25 to $450. (updated Feb 2020)
Las Vegas Raiders (NFL), Allegiant Stadium, 3333 Al Davis Way. NFL (football) team that began playing in Las Vegas in 2020 after relocating from Oakland.
Las Vegas Aces, Michelob Ultra Arena, 3950 S Las Vegas Blvd. WNBA (women's basketball) team that relocated from San Antonio to Vegas in 2018. The arena is part of the Mandalay Bay casino resort.
Las Vegas Aviators, ☏ +1 702 386-7200. Triple-A baseball club, the Aviators have been in Las Vegas longer than any other professional sports team. The Aviators began as the Las Vegas Stars in 1983, changed their name to the Las Vegas 51s, a reference to Area 51, in 2001, and became the Aviators for 2019 and beyond. They have won 2 Pacific Coast League crowns and 10 division titles. The team opened a new ballpark in Summerlin in 2019. $5 to $30.
Henderson Silver Knights, The Dollar Loan Center, 200 S Green Valley Pkwy, Henderson. The Golden Knights' top minor-league team, playing in the American Hockey League. They moved to the new Dollar Loan Center in Henderson shortly before the end of the 2021–22 season. (updated Mar 2022)
NBA G League Ignite, The Dollar Loan Center, 200 S Green Valley Pkwy, Henderson. A team in the NBA G League, the NBA's official developmental league, made up mainly of players fresh out of high school. The team was created by the NBA specifically as an alternative to college basketball for top prospects. (updated Dec 2023)
NASCAR, Las Vegas Motor Speedway, toll-free: +1-800-644-4444. Las Vegas hosts NASCAR for a weekend every year, usually in March. The race draws about 150,000 race fans to the city. Many cheer for Vegas natives Kurt and Kyle Busch. Aside from NASCAR, the speedway hosts many other racing events throughout the year.
Formula One or Grand Prix motor racing uses an on-street circuit that includes The Strip. The next is 16-18 Nov 2023 then 21-23 Nov 2024.
National Finals Rodeo, Thomas & Mack Center. Arguably the city's most prominent sporting event is the finals of the annual Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association circuit, held over 10 days in December just off the Strip at the Thomas & Mack Center on the UNLV campus.
Professional Bull Riders World Finals, T-Mobile Arena. Another major rodeo event is the finals of the Professional Bull Riders series, a separate circuit dedicated to bull riding. The PBR finals, held in late October/early November at the T-Mobile Arena, have more of an international flavor than the NFR—while the NFR is exclusive to the US and Canada, PBR runs national series in Brazil, Canada, Mexico, and Australia, and all of these countries, especially Brazil, are represented on the U.S. circuit.
UNLV Rebels, ☏ +1 702 739-FANS (3267). The athletic teams of the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, better known as UNLV, are also popular in the area. The Rebels are members of the Mountain West Conference, which has 12 members in football and 11 members for other sports. The most famous UNLV team is the men's basketball team, known as the "Runnin' Rebels"; though not as strong as in their heyday from the late 1970s through the early 1990s, they remain solidly competitive and very popular. Most of the school's sports venues are on campus, but the football team shares Allegiant Stadium with the Raiders. The central ticket office for all UNLV sports is at the Thomas & Mack Center.
Las Vegas is also a major regional center for college basketball tournaments every March. As of the current 2023–24 season, five NCAA Division I conferences hold their annual men's and women's tournaments in the area; each of these tournaments sees the winner receive automatic entry to the NCAA tournament.
The Big West Conference, a league made up entirely of California schools save for one in Hawaii, holds its men's and women's tournaments at Dollar Loan Center.
The Pac-12 Conference, one of the so-called "Power Five conferences" of Division I football (although it's now all but certain to lose that status, if not fold entirely, once 10 of its members leave in 2024), brings its men's tournament to T-Mobile Arena and its women's tournament to Michelob Ultra Arena.
The Mountain West Conference, home to UNLV, holds its men's and women's tournaments at UNLV's Thomas & Mack Center.
The West Coast Conference, a league made up of private faith-based schools along the West Coast, holds its men's and women's tournaments at Orleans Arena.
The Western Athletic Conference, a far-flung league with schools located everywhere from Seattle to east Texas, also holds its men's and women's tournaments at Orleans Arena.
The Oakland Athletics of Major League Baseball will move to Las Vegas in the near future. With plans for a new stadium in the Bay Area having fallen into development hell, and the team's lease on the Oakland Coliseum running out after the 2024 season, the A's pivoted to Vegas. A new ballpark on the Strip at the site of the Tropicana resort is set to open in 2028. The team has not announced where it will play from 2025–2027.
Finally, Las Vegas is one of the world's main centers for combat sports. For decades, many of the biggest championship events in boxing have been held at venues on or near the Strip. The Strip has also become an epicenter for mixed martial arts; the world's biggest promoter of MMA events, UFC, is based in Las Vegas.
Escape rooms consist of themed rooms where a team of players work together to either escape from a locked room or complete a task (such as opening a safe or stopping a nuclear missile launch) by finding clues and objects or solving puzzles within a set time limit, usually one hour. Las Vegas has several escape rooms that vary in difficulty from easy for beginners to nearly impossible for the experienced player. Most escape rooms require advance booking and do not accept walk-ins. Some escape rooms will fill the number of players up to the maximum with other people so check with the location in advance if you don't want to play with strangers.
Las Vegas is the wedding capital of the world. To get married, first go to the Clark County Marriage License Bureaudead link and apply for a marriage license. Both parties must have valid ID, such as a driver's license or passport. The cost is $60 per couple. The Las Vegas Wedding Bureau is open from 9AM-midnight seven days a week, including holidays. No blood test or waiting period is required. The marriage license itself is valid for one year. The minimum age to marry is 18; a 16 or 17 year old may marry if one parent is present or has given notarized permission.
Once you have a marriage license, the wedding ceremony can be performed by any priest, minister, rabbi or Justice of the Peace authorized to perform weddings within the Las Vegas area. Numerous wedding chapels are located around the Wedding Bureau and on the Strip. You can choose an elaborate theme wedding, such as an Elvis impersonator as officiant, or a simple ceremony and reception celebration.
Most major hotels and Vegas wedding chapels offer wedding packages for those who wish to plan a larger wedding ceremony. But don't let a lack of planning stop your nuptials; all Vegas wedding chapels can perform immediate weddings with no prior appointment, although it is recommended to make a reservation for your wedding. If you make a reservation most chapels will provide courtesy limousine transportation from your hotel to the chapel and back. Making a reservation also decreases the likelihood of having to wait.
Las Vegas continues to grow with annual events and festivals held throughout the city.
Electric Daisy Carnival (EDC Las Vegas): May, 435 S Grand Central Pkwy. A massive 3-night multi-stage music carnival in mid-May that includes venues from the world's top artists along with rides, fireworks, and mesmerizing rave-infused light shows. $420 and up. (date needs updating)
Helldorado Days: May. With origins dating back to 1934, Helldorado Days is host to Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association (PRCA) rodeos, a locals rodeo, a parade, carnival, Whiskerino (facial hair) contest, golf tournament, poker tournament, art show, art auction, exhibits, and food and beverages. (date needs updating)
iHeartRadio Music Festival: September. A 2-day music festival that features 20 to 30 chart-topping musical artists.
Las Vegas Greek Food Festival: September. A weekend festival in mid-September that celebrates the traditions and cuisine of Greek culture. Live music and dancing, along with games and rides for children. $8-15.
Life is Beautiful Festival: September. A very large music and food festival in downtown Las Vegas. Over 50 performers take to the stages while guests can choose to patron a very wide variety of unique food vendors.
San Gennaro Feast: September – October. Live entertainment, amusement rides, and a wide variety of food mark these weeklong festivals that honor Italian heritage in September.
America's Party: 31 December annually. New Year's Eve in Las Vegas. It's a big deal—the strip is closed off to cars so it's all pedestrians, and it gets packed with people welcoming in the new year. Fireworks and all sorts of festivities.
Tennis: Las Vegas is a great place for tennis fans. Not only do many of the hotels offer excellent courts but public courts abound as well. Vegas is also home to many amateur tournaments and UNLV tournaments.
Skydive Las Vegas are based at Boulder City, south towards the state line.
Given the very high temperatures during the summer it may be a surprise that ice skating is popular, but it is inside.
Las Vegas Ice Center, 9295 W Flamingo Rd (west of the Bellagio), ☏ +1 702 320-7777, fax: +1 702 255-9356. A twin-rink facility.
Seasonal rinks pop up at major Strip hotels like the Venetian and Cosmopolitan. Downtown Summerlin Mall also has one during winter.
Individual listings can be found in Las Vegas's district articles
Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood
The combined state and local sales tax in all of Clark County (meaning the entire Las Vegas metro area) is %. Only groceries and prescription drugs are exempt.
Like most U.S. states, Nevada has not implemented a tax refund mechanism for international travelers. The only retailers that can sell tax-free items to international travelers are the duty-free shops at Harry Reid International Airport.
Most hotel/casino resort complexes in Las Vegas have a gift shop open 24/7 that offers basic traveler supplies and sundries. Hotel gift shops are outrageously expensive and should be avoided except for emergencies.
If you are planning to not rent a car and to simply go up and down the Strip on foot or bus, the pharmacies are your best bet for basic supplies. They are all open 24/7 and accustomed to dealing with tourists from all over the world.
Like most U.S. pharmacies, they carry a very large variety of products besides pharmaceuticals and dietary supplements, including snacks, soft drinks, bottled water, cosmetics, toiletries, hats, sunscreen, maps, postcards, and so on. CVS Pharmacy has two branches on the Strip, one located on South Strip between CityCenter and Park MGM, and the other located on North Strip between Circus Circus and Sahara Avenue. Walgreens has one branch on Central Strip at Palazzo and another on South Strip in front of Planet Hollywood.
The Hawaiian convenience store chain ABC Stores has four stores serving the Las Vegas Strip.
There are also 7-Eleven convenience stores open 24/7 throughout the Strip, but their prices tend to be higher than the pharmacies and their product selection is not as broad. Souvenirs, drinks and snacks are also available at small stores along the strip; there is a cluster of them between MGM and Planet Hollywood as well as north of the Wynn. These are usually the cheapest places to shop, even if the selection is quite limited.
Importantly, there are no major supermarkets on the Las Vegas Strip near the resorts. The closest one that sits on Las Vegas Boulevard is the Whole Foods Market at Town Square (see below). Other than that, one has to travel as far west as Valley View Boulevard or as far east as Maryland Parkway to find supermarkets such as Vons, Albertsons, Food4Less, and Smith's. There is even a Walmart at Tropicana Avenue, about 6 kilometres ( miles) east of the Strip. These places are however accessible by car or bus, prices are lower than on the Strip, and if you're, say a European looking for some authentic American specialties to bring home these are certainly better places to find them than 7-Eleven.
Individual listings can be found in Las Vegas's district articles
Large casinos will invariably offer a variety of dining options, ranging from the omnipresent buffet to simple cafes to gourmet restaurants to Michelin-star winning restaurants. While there are a few spots along The Strip where you can find a deal, expect to pay a premium even for a simple meal unless you venture to another part of town.
The most famous buffets in Las Vegas are at the Bellagio, Caesars Palace, Cosmopolitan, and Wynn. The best buffets typically cost about $50 a person for a weekend dinner. Lunch is your best value at most buffets when they are around half price, breakfasts are cheapest and often have a great spread too. Do not forget that tipping your buffet waiter at least $1 per person/drink is customary. You can leave cash on the table at the end of your meal or tip the cashier at the counter on a credit card. Some buffets give "early bird" discounts, which means that if you arrive early the price is a few dollars lower.
Individual listings can be found in Las Vegas's district articles
In Las Vegas, free drinks are often offered to gamblers, even those playing 5-cent slot machines. You should tip the waitress at least $1 per drink; failure to do so will likely cost you free drink privileges.
Although it is officially NOT allowed per the lawbooks, drinking on public sidewalks and other areas on the Strip and Downtown is rarely if ever enforced. Thus it is entirely common to consume alcohol in public areas, including the public sidewalks within the Las Vegas city limits which includes all of Downtown, The Strip and close-by areas. Again, as previously mentioned, over-intoxication and disorderly conduct is frowned upon, so stay within your own limits. On special occasions (New Year's Eve and Independence Day for example) there may be bans on glass bottles and/or aluminum cans for the Strip and the Downtown area. Plastic cups and sports bottles are allowed at these times and either provided at purchase or often available at hotel/casino exit doors. When inside a casino or hotel there is seldom any restrictions on carrying drinks from one bar, restaurant or playing location to another with the exception of some showrooms and theaters where it will be clearly posted. Individual shops may also have rules about carrying in food and drink of any kind.
The towns of North Las Vegas, Henderson and other outlying areas have very different regulations forbidding removal of alcohol from bars, etc. so check with your host or doorman if in doubt. Many bars and liquor stores are open 24 hours a day. There are also posted laws for convenience stores, grocery stores and other retail liquor outlets restricting consumption in the immediate vicinity. Most of all, always drink responsibly and realize that the hot, dry desert air in the summer months can have very adverse health affects on people consuming alcohol such as rapid dehydration and deadly heat stroke, even after dark. Drink plenty of water as well!
There is a club or lounge in nearly every hotel and casino. Most clubs remain open until 4AM, with various after-hour clubs available for the truly hard-core partiers. Drink prices can range anywhere from $4–8 for a domestic bottle of beer, $8–10 for well drinks made with cheap generic liquor, and $200 or more for a bottle of spirits. Clubs are always busy on weekends, and may also be packed during weekdays at places that have Service Industry Night (SIN), usually Tuesday to Thursday, when locals working in the service industry have their night off.
A good way to find out what places are hot in Vegas is to look up the "Vegas" or "LV" hashtag on social media services like Instagram or Twitter. The reason is that club and event promoters alike cleverly utilize the services as a way of reaching their audiences to announce specials, celebrity appearances, and guest list availability. They usually post a flyer of the event and include their cell number, so that you can text them and let them know the male-to-female ratio in your party. Groups with higher women-to-men ratios tend to have better offers for guest list entry, drinks, etc. Most promoters usually work for specific establishments, but generally connect you to other promoters in their networks who work for the establishment you ask for.
The top clubs will charge entry of $15 or more. Exceptions may include those who have reserved a table, those who get there early, ladies, and locals. Expect to wait in a line for 10 minutes to 2 hours, depending on the night. It is usually best to arrive before 10PM; while the club may be emptier, the line will be shorter and you may avoid paying a cover charge. Sitting at a table often requires a bottle purchase and if you stop making purchases, they will ask you to vacate the table so that someone else can occupy the table. Some nightclubs have official dress codes that, for example, advise against wearing hats, shorts, flip flops, sandals, sneakers, athletic wear, ripped or oversized clothing, or steel toe shoes.
Day clubs are usually open in the months between April and September.
An ultra lounge is a mix between a lounge and a night club, but the difference to "real" night clubs is tiny and vanishes completely when the DJ pulls out hard-core dance hits.
This guide uses the following price ranges for a standard double room:
Note: With some exceptions, hotels and other sleeping establishments will not allow anyone under age 21 to reserve a room due to on-site gambling. For those of age 18-20, it is highly recommended to research and reserve in advance of arrival.
Individual listings can be found in Las Vegas's district articles
Las Vegas is a very peculiar destination - and hotels in Las Vegas have a lot of peculiarities that you won't find in other cities.
The vast majority of visitors to Las Vegas arrive on Friday or Saturday nights and stay for the weekend. As such, room rates can seem ridiculously cheap from Sunday-Thursday night but zoom upwards on weekends. Travelers can plan a trip to their advantage: by staying, say, Sunday through to Thursday, one can not only save a bundle on hotel rates, but also take advantage of package deals that may include a show, meals, and gambling coupons—occasionally worth more than the cost of the hotel room itself.
A bad surprise at check-in are so-called "resort fees". Many hotels in Las Vegas collect this fee on top of the room charge (typically between $10 and $20 per night, but can sometimes be more like $40) when you check in. You won't get around paying it, even if you claim that your hotel booking website had indicated the total pricing as final. The resort fee is apparently an attempt at introducing low-cost airline-style pricing to hotels: splitting up the price into an attractively cheap basic fee, and charging the customer for almost everything separately. Thusly, in Las Vegas, the resort fee typically "covers" the usage of the swimming pool and of the fitness center. Some hotels do not collect resort fees. It may be worth it to ask the front desk to remove this fee, especially if you had a bad experience with your stay. However, keep your expectations low but be polite and reasonable.
In Las Vegas hotels, even the resort fee does not always cover hotel amenities that are included for free in hotels in the rest of the world. These charges may be eye-poppingly expensive. Most Las Vegas hotels charge separately for use of the fitness center with rates, around $20 to $40 per visit. Local calls are usually billed, and wireless internet is generally at least $12 per day. Unless the service is clearly marked as free, it is better to use your own cell phone or mobile router. In-room coffee may cost more than twice as much as the coffee shop down the street. The mini-bar, which you might think is a convenient in-room refrigerator, but which they think of as an electronically monitored, vibration-sensitive, highly profitable vending machine that will charge you the moment you move or lift any item off its sensor pad, is another poorly marked trap for travelers. Not only are the items overpriced – especially for bottled water, whose price generally is around $8–10 per small bottle, but which can be as high as $25 – but putting your own items in the in-room refrigerator may cost you $25 or $50. If you need to use a refrigerator (e.g., to store medications or breast milk), talk to the front desk about your options. A few hotels ban all outside food and beverages. Most don't object to carry-out food, but few permit guests to tote large amounts of outside booze up to a room, as that often ends with noise complaints and safety concerns.
Due to the flamboyant and lively atmosphere of most casino hotels, you may not get a good night's sleep, especially on weekends or during busy tourist seasons. Drunken parties and associated recklessness are frequent occurrences in most of the motels and hotels on the Strip. Most hotels will send security personnel up to disperse loud parties or to warn drunk patrons to keep the noise down if you call the front desk, but their effectiveness may vary. Quiet alternatives include the Four Seasons Hotel, Vdara, Waldorf Astoria, and Skylofts at MGM Grand.
In Las Vegas parlance, the words "hotel" and "casino" are interchangeable. There is a big difference between casino hotels and mainstream hotels without gambling. Casino hotels tend to be large (often with a long walk from the parking to your room and often via the gambling floor). The size of casino hotels means that they often have a wider range of services (restaurants, bars, shops, coffee shops, etc.) and many facilities have long opening hours or are open 24 hours.
Along the main roads leading off the Strip are a wide variety of accommodations, ranging from basic budget motels to splashy, full-size resorts every bit as expensive as those on the Strip.
Most accommodations in Downtown tend to be of the budget variety, owing to the distance to the Strip. However, hotels in Downtown still put you within very close distance to the casinos of Fremont Street. The Downtown area is also where you'll find the few hostels Las Vegas has.
Many modest hotels, well-away from the Strip and downtown, cater to "locals"; many offer lower rates and (often) better games. These are complemented by plush, full-resort hotels/casinos in some locations. There are also a number of RV parks further out. Additionally, the suburbs of Henderson and North Las Vegas have plenty of cheap accommodations.
Be vigilant and do not leave any valuables visible in your car. If you are lucky enough to win a large jackpot, you can ask the casino to hold your winnings in its safe or to pay you with a check so that you are not walking out the door with a large amount of cash. If you insist on receiving all your winnings in cash, all casinos have security personnel available to escort you to your car or room upon request. Like most large tourism destinations, the Strip has its share of pickpockets, so keep your wallet in a front pocket or hold onto your purse.
Major casinos are generally very safe. Casinos take security very seriously and have cameras recording almost every square inch of their property, as well as uniformed and plainclothes security personnel patrolling at all times.
Make sure your hotel door is closed safely at night and use the deadbolt if one is provided. If there is knocking on the door at night, don't open it unless you are sure of the good intentions of the persons that knocked. If you are not expecting someone, do not open the door.
Street vendors selling water and other beverages do not have a permit to sell them and are frequently stopped by hotel/casino staff. Try to make sure whatever you're buying is sealed.
Despite the advertising slogan What happens here, stays here, Las Vegas has laws that are vigorously enforced. Contrary to popular belief, prostitution is illegal in Las Vegas and all of Clark County, although it is legal at licensed brothels in a few rural counties of Nevada outside of the Las Vegas area. Pedestrians may drink alcohol from an open container on the Strip, but not in automobiles (not even for passengers) and the alcohol must be in a plastic container.
Remain vigilant while driving. Las Vegas Boulevard ("the Strip") is notorious for fender benders and other traffic collisions as a result of the heavy stop-and-go traffic and the numerous distractions (electronic signage and water fountains) visible to drivers.
Interstate 15 is routinely under construction to relieve its perennial traffic jams. The construction zones tend to have inadequate signage and poor lane markings, which combined with the large number of tourists results in frequent last-minute lane changes and in turn, many multi-vehicle car accidents. Many people are also driving intoxicated as well; Nevada has an unusually high frequency of traffic deaths with alcohol involved, and most of them happen near the Strip.
For non-emergency healthcare, there are several businesses offering same-day, walk-in care, such as UMC Quick Care. If you're staying in a hotel, the front desk will be able to recommend one to you. As with all of the US, the emergency phone number is 911 and, since mid-July 2022, the crisis number is 988.
Expect extremely low humidity and temperatures above 105°F (40°C) June to September. Bring sunscreen and wear loose, light-colored clothing that substantially reflects sunlight. Avoid dehydration by drinking plenty of water.
Mental health, suicidal thoughts, substances, and other problems
Although the story about gambling away all your money and then dying by suicide is much more likely to happen in the movies than in real life, Las Vegas is no stranger to the person experiencing a crisis, and it offers substantial support when you need it. If you are in crisis, whether due to something you think is going to ruin your life, a crisis in a relationship, a bad trip (the drug kind or the travel kind), or a flare-up of a previous problem, contact emergency services or the crisis support line. You can also walk in to any hospital's emergency room or any urgent care clinic and ask for help.
For ongoing support, there are hundreds of Gamblers Anonymous, Narcotics Anonymous, and AA meetings in the Las Vegas area, and most meetings are open to travelers.
Essentially all hotels offer in-room Wi-Fi. However, unlike virtually everywhere else in the U.S., many hotels, especially those on the Strip, charge for Wi-Fi access, either separately or bundled into the so-called "resort fee". On the other hand, free Wi-Fi is readily available at most businesses. Temporary SIM cards for international visitors can be purchased at most convenience stores, drug stores, and at Harry Reid Airport.
Inside all large casinos (generally those casinos exceeding 15 slot machines), strip clubs and standalone bars not serving food, smoking is permitted. In large casinos, there are areas which are smoke-free, but they may be very close to smoking areas. Poker rooms are typically smoke-free. Smoke-free table games and slot areas are also available. Restaurants inside casinos are non-smoking. Nightclubs and lounges may allow smoking if they do not serve food.
For all other standalone restaurants, bars, convenience stores, grocery stores and airport facilities smoking is banned in all establishments which sell food other than prepackaged snacks. This ban will be obvious in most places by the absence of ashtrays and the required clearly posted signs. In most cases, smoking areas may be provided outdoors, so always ask your server since various options are almost always available. The penalty can be a $100–$600 ticket if you are caught by authorities.
In practice, there is extremely lax official enforcement in most informal off-strip locations due to a lack of enforcement personnel, and some will even offer ashtrays "at your own risk" if you ask for one. Smoking is still permitted in any stand alone bar or club (with or without gambling machines) that do not serve food other than prepackaged snacks (such as chips, pretzels, candy bars). Although a gray area, some smoking-permitted bars which do not serve food will let you carry food in from adjacent/attached non-smoking restaurants so ask. Many stand alone restaurants now also provide a physically separated (separate entry doors and separate ventilatation) non-smoking dining area and a smoking bar or gaming area to accommodate both smokers and non-smokers.
Try to avoid ATMs inside casinos and nightclubs, as they will often charge high transaction fees. If you need cash, it's a good idea to get it before going inside a casino or club. Check ahead to see if your bank has locations in Las Vegas. If you bank at a credit union, check ahead to see if your institution has any ATM alliance partners in Las Vegas; most US credit unions are part of one or more alliances that allow members of all alliance institutions to use one another's ATMs without a fee. On the Strip, the following ATMs are safer bets:
For Bank of America customers, there's an ATM inside the M&M's Store on the 4th floor, and a pair in the Caesars Palace Forum Shops in the long hallway between the atrium closer to the Mirage and the fork in the Forum Shops where Trevi is.
For Chase customers, there are ATMs in both of the CVS Pharmacies on the Strip (one near the Monte Carlo, and one by the Hilton Grand just north of Circus Circus).
Wells Fargo has plenty of ATMs at the airport.
For Citibank customers, there are ATMs inside the local 7-Eleven convenience stores.
If you're not a member of any of these banks, there is also a cheap ATM that charges a $1 fee located inside Casino Royale, next to the cage to the left of the bar.
dead link El Salvador, 765 N. Nellis Blvd, Suite C-5, ☏ +1 702 437-5337, ConsulateLasVegas@rree.gob.sv.
Germany (Honorary), 300 S. 4th St. (Suite 900), ☏ +1 702 759-8302, fax: +1 702 474-9422.
Mexico, 823 S 6th St, ☏ +1 702 477-2700, fax: +1 702 477-2727, conlvegas@sre.gob.mx.
Switzerland (Honorary), 1861 Casa De Elegante Ct., ☏ +1 702 885-7947, lasvegas@honrep.ch.
Sweden, 7345 S. Pecos Rd, Suite 102, ☏ +1 702 947-9955, lasvegas@consulateofsweden.org.
Though you might not expect it, Las Vegas is somewhat of an outdoor hotbed. In a days drive you can reach numerous national parks, state parks, preserves and wilderness areas. There are boundless opportunities for hiking, camping, rock climbing, mountain biking, skiing, 4x4 trails, watersports, dark sky gazing, etc. It continues to be a great home base for outdoor enthusiasts. Renting and traveling in a campervan has become more popular. As always, be sure to come prepared for the weather, follow fire restrictions, bring extra water and respect the rules of the land you are on.
Hoover Dam (east, ¾ hour car): is nearby, east of Boulder City.
Spring Mountains, North of Red Rock Canyon. Five peaks over 11,000' which is Bristlecone Pine County. At 11,918 ft (3,633 m), Mt. Charleston reaches the treeless alpine zone and is Nevada's fourth highest peak. The geology is mainly limestone which soaks up rainfall and snowmelt up high and releases it in lower canyons. Carry plenty of water for hikes along the crest. Expect snow at higher elevations October to May or June.
Lake Mead National Recreation Area (northeast, 1½ hour by car): hot springs.
Grand Canyon (southeast, 4 hours by car via the Hoover Dam): it's quite easy to make a day trip from Vegas to Grand Canyon as there are a lot of tour companies advertising their services at almost every corner on the Strip. A typical bus tour takes includes transport to and from your hotel as well as lunch and costs $100–300/person depending on the tour company. There are also helicopter tours which are more expensive.
Death Valley (west in California, 2 hours by car): lowest point in the Western Hemisphere and one of the hottest places in the world.
Mount Whitney (west in California, 4 hours by car): highest point in the lower 48 states. About four hours west: two hours to Death Valley, a further two hours beyond Death Valley.
Zion National Park (northeast in Utah, 3 hours by car): offers stunning scenery in a red-walled canyon.
Lee Canyon (Las Vegas Ski & Snowboard Resort), 6725 Lee Canyon Rd, ☏ +1 702 385-2754. Winter: daily 9AM-4PM; summer: F-Su 10AM-6PM. Surprisingly, Southern Nevada does have a ski resort! With 26 trails, 3 lifts and a summit of 11,289 feet, it's an exhilarating changeup from the slot machines. In the winter, plan on arriving at least 15 minutes before lifts open to avoid traffic, earlier if there is fresh snowfall. As of 2022, you need to purchase a parking pass online. Purchase lift tickets in advance online for discounts. During off season, it features scenic chair rides, disc golf, hiking, archery, and even axe throwing. Note there is no cell service and limited wifi. (updated Jan 2022)
Brian Head Resort (in southern Utah). Offers more vertical feet but is about a three hour drive via I-15.
Mt. Charleston ski area in winter, hiking up to alpine zone in summer. 35 miles northwest of Las Vegas.
Bootleg Canyon (near Boulder City, take Highway 93). provides excellent technical cross-country and downhill trails. 30 minutes south of "the Strip".
Blue Diamond (just south of Red Rock Canyon). Less technical riding, but with amazing views.
White Mountains (California) includes the Ancient Bristlecone Pine Forest. To get there, take US-95 and S.R. 168 to Westgard Pass, then paved road as far as Shulman Grove at 10,000 ft (3,000 m), gravel to Patriarch grove just below treeline.
Red Rock Canyon (west, ½ hour by car): views of red sandstone most wouldn't expect to see near a major metropolitan area.
Death Valley (west in California, 2 hours by car): lowest point in the Western Hemisphere and one of the hottest places in the world.
Desert National Wildlife Refuge (north on US95, 30 mins): primitive camping on  million acres (650,000 ha) of Mohave Desert.
Great Basin National Park (north, 5 hours by car): Nevada's only glacier and other excellent mountain scenery, Bristlecone Pines, cave tour with stalactites.
Valley of Fire State Park (northeast, 1 hour by car): 40,000 acres (16,000 ha) of bright red Aztec sandstone outcrops; ancient, petrified trees and petroglyphs. Hiking and Camping.
Mt Charleston (west, under 1 hour by car): access to beautiful hiking, biking and camping areas. The connector road, Deer Creek Road, is a beautiful scenic drive. A great place to take a picnic and escape the summer heat.
Los Angeles (southwest on I-15, about 4 hours by car). also accessible by Amtrak, Greyhound, Flixbus, and Megabus.
Mesquite (northeast on I-15, 1¼ hours by car): a delightful little resort on the Nevada-Arizona border near Utah.
Sedona (southeast in Arizona, about 5 hours by car). New Age tourist town in red sandstone canyon.
St George (northeast in Utah, about 2 hours by car): well-known for its spectacular scenery and proximity to Zion National Park, Bryce Canyon National Park and the North Rim of the Grand Canyon.
St. George, UT ← North Las Vegas ←
→ Primm → Barston, CA
Ely ← North Las Vegas ←
→ Henderson → Kingman, AZ
Tonopah ← Beatty ← Jct S ←
Ends at N at Amargosa Valley, Nevada ← Pahrump ←
This city travel guide to Las Vegas has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!