Lhasa (Tibetan: ལྷ་ས་, Chinese: 拉萨) is the capital of the Tibet autonomous region in China. It is 3,650 m (11,980 ft) above sea level on the northern slopes of the Himalayas.
Lhasa, which means "Land of the Gods" and is over 1,300 years old, sits in a valley next to the Lhasa River. In the eastern part of the city, near the Jokhang Temple and Barkhor neighborhood, Tibetan influence is still strong and evident and it is common to see traditionally dressed Tibetans engaged on a kora (a clockwise circumambulation or walk around the Jokhang Temple), often spinning prayer wheels. Long dilapidated, the area has been given a thorough renovation and is now quite pleasant to wander around, and is also by far the most atmospheric area to stay.
The western part of Lhasa is more ethnically Han Chinese in character. It is busy and modern and looks similar to many other Chinese cities, although many of the modern concrete blocks have token Tibetan touches. Much of the infrastructure, such as banks, government offices and shopping malls are to be found there.
Non-Chinese nationals are required to obtain a special permit and must have a tour guide to visit Tibet. For information on visa requirements and immigration procedure, see Tibet#Get_in
Lhasa Gonggar Airport (LXA IATA 贡嘎机场) (is 61 km southwest of Lhasa). There are flights from Beijing, Chengdu, Chongqing, Guangzhou, Kunming, Qamdo, Shanghai, Xi'an, Xining, and Zhongdian (Shangri-La). International flights are available to Kathmandu, Nepal.
The airport is 40-60 minutes away from Lhasa on a spiffy 4-lane highway that burrows directly through nearby hills. Non-Chinese nationals are required to be met at the airport by their tour guide. For others, taxis are available outside the airport and there is also an official shuttle bus (¥25).
Non-Chinese nationals are not allowed to ride the intercity buses in Tibet. For Chinese nationals, there is frequent and cheap bus service between Lhasa and nearly all parts of Tibet.
The Qinghai-Tibet (Qingzang) railway connects Lhasa and Golmud, with services continuing onto Xining, Beijing, Chengdu, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Chongqing. There are also some trains to Shigatse.
T27/28 from/to Beijing West (daily, 44 hr)
T22/23/24/21 from/to Chengdu (every other day, 44 hr) -
T222/223/224/221 from/to Chongqing (every other day, 45 hr)
T164/165/166/163 from/to Shanghai (daily, 48 hr)
T264/265/266/263 from/to Guangzhou (every other day, 55 hr) — longest domestic train ride in China by distance (4,980 km)
K917/K918 from/to Lanzhou (daily, 27 hr)
K9801/K9802 from/to Xining West (daily, 24 hr)
On arrival, you will be led to a checkpoint outside the station where your passport and permit will be checked. Once through this, your tour guide should meet you right outside the station. In the unlikely event that they don't, a taxi ride between the urban area and the train station should cost a flat ¥30 and no drivers use the meter. Be sure to fix the price in advance as many drivers will try to charge ¥100.
The central area with the main tourist attractions (Potala, Jokhang, Barkhor, Ramoche) is easily navigable on foot.
Cycle rickshaws are everywhere, though be prepared to bargain.
Taxis cost ¥10 for anywhere in Lhasa city. Hail them from the side of the street. Be prepared for taxi-sharing - the driver will often pull over if he suspects he can find other passengers heading in the same direction. Each will pay ¥10 and this is a way for the driver to make a better income despite the standard fare.
Public buses are numerous and cost ¥1. Non-Chinese nationals are permitted to travel on the buses within the city, although you make yourself an attraction by doing so, since this rarely occurs. The number of the bus is recognizable but the destination is in Chinese, so you need to know which bus line you need.
Minibuses operate to areas such as Norbulingka, Sera Monastery, Drepung Monastery, and other nearby sites. Most of these are also on public bus lines.
"Pilgrim buses" are available in front of Jokhang Temple or at the parking lot near the temple, departing at 06:00-07:00 for destinations outside Lhasa, such as Tsurphu Gompa, Ganden Gompa, Nyemo (Dazi), Phenpo Lhundrub (Linzhou), Meldro Gungkar (Mozhugongka), Chushul (Qushui), Taktse (Dazi), Gongkar (Gongga), and other nearby areas. Tickets are available at the ticket office at the parking lot or when you board the bus. Whether or not non-Chinese nationals can travel on these is a bit of a grey area. Since you have to have a travel guide with you anyway as a non-Chinese tourist, you can ask them to enquire about this, since it is a more interesting way to travel than always in a private Land Cruiser. However, the rules for organising tourist tours require advance planning, so you probably won't have this chance.
Bicycle hire is available from some hotels or cycle shops and it's a good way to explore if you have half a day free on your tour schedule. Pollution is not as bad as in many Chinese cities but driving habits are. The best tactic is to stick close to a local cyclist or cycle rickshaw when negotiating busy junctions.
Barkhor Street. A circular street around the Jokhang Temple in the center of the old section of Lhasa, it is the oldest street in a traditional style in Tibet, where you can enjoy bargaining with vendors for local handicrafts. Barkhor Street is one of the most important religious paths along which pilgrims walk around Jokhang Temple while turning prayer wheels in their hands through centuries. Buddhist pilgrims walk or progress by body-lengths along the street clockwise every day late into the night.
Tibet Museum (西藏博物馆), 19 Luobu Linka Rd, Chengguan District (城关区罗布林卡路19号) (bus routes 2, 8, 13 and 24), ☏ +86 891 6835244, +86 891 6812210. 10:00-17:30, no entry after 16:30, closed on Mondays. Elaborate museum with artifacts reflecting the entire history of Tibet. Ask for a free audio tour in your language at the entrance. The museum presents a very Chinese view of the "Peaceful Liberation" of Tibet, but the museum is worth a visit. General admission is free. A fee may be charged for special exhibitions.
Tibet Museum of Natural Science (西藏自然科学博物馆), 9 Zangda East Road, Chengguan District (城关区藏大东路9号) (opposite Tibet University's Najin Campus; bus routes 8 and 34), ☏ +86 891 6839900. 10:00-17:30 (April 15th to October 31st), 10:30-17:00 (November 1st to April 14th). Tibet's largest museum. The museum is of course primarily devoted to the natural history of Tibet. It also includes the Memorial to the Liberation of a Million Serfs in Tibet (西藏百万农奴解放纪念馆), which has exhibitions on the Communist Party's policies in Tibet since the 1950s. Visitor numbers are capped at 5000 per day. Free. (updated Jan 2021)
The Yak Museum of Tibet (西藏牦牛博物馆), 6 Chagu Avenue, Liuwu New Area, Doilungdêqên District 堆龙德庆区柳梧新区察古大道6号 (take bus no. 6 and get off at the Culture & Sports Centre (文体中心)), ☏ +86 891 58572263. 09:00-17:00, no entry after 16:30, closed on Mondays. A museum about yaks and their importance to Tibetan culture. Entry is restricted to 2000 visitors per day. Free. (updated Sep 2018)
Former Site of the Amban's Yamen (驻藏大臣衙门遗址), Barkhor Street North, Barkhor, Chengguan District (城关区八廓街八廓北街) (a short distance north of the Johkang Temple). This was the office and official residence of the amban, the Qing government's representative in Lhasa. The building, which was restored in 2013, houses a small museum, which focuses mainly on the history of the Qing government's relations with the Tibetan local authorities. Free. (updated Sep 2018)
Norbulingka Summer Palace. It is about 1 km south of the Potala Palace - the Seventh Dalai Lama constructed the first summer palace in 1755 and each successive ruler added his own buildings. Norbulingka is undergoing complete restoration. The complex contains a small zoo, botanical gardens, and a mansion from the 14th Dalai Lhama built in 1956~8. ¥50.
Potala Palace (Podrang Potala). A stronghold probably existed on Red Hill as early as the 7th century AD when King Songtsen Gampo built a fortress on it for his two foreign wives. The palace was rebuilt by the Fifth Dalai Lama in three years, while the Thirteenth Dalai Lama extended and repaired it into what it is now. It became winter palace in 1755 when the Seventh Dalai Lama made the Norbulinka into a summer residence. With over 1,000 rooms, the Potala contained the living quarters of the Dalai Lamas while they lived, and their sumptuous golden tombs when they died. As the religious and political centre of old Tibet and the winter residence of Dalai Lamas, the palace witnessed the life of the Dalai Lamas and the important political and religious activities in the past centuries. Potala Palace also houses great amounts of rare cultural relics including the gold hand-written Buddhist scriptures, valuable gifts from the Chinese emperors and a lot of priceless antiques. Guided palace tours generally include one hour inside the palace; allow at least that much time to walk up and down the many steps leading up to and from the palace. The palace is 14 stories tall and any visit involves climbing a lot of stairs up/down. Make sure you are fully acclimated before visiting. The Potala Palace was included in the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1994, the Jokhang Temple Monastery in 2000 and the Norbulingka Summer Palace in 2001. Admission ¥100.
Drepung Monastery. Founded in 1416 by a disciple of Tsong Khapa, was the biggest and richest monastery in Tibet and its lamas helped to train each new young Dalai Lama. Drepung was also home to the Nechung, the state oracle. At its height, Drepung had over 10,000 monks, and governed 700 subsidiary monasteries and owned vast estates. Drepung belongs to the Gelupa sect.
Ganden Monastery. Located on Wangbur Mountain, 47 km (29 miles) from Lhasa City. It was built in 15th century with over 50 structures. The main halls in the temple are the Main Assembly Hall (or Coqen Hall), Zhacangs, Khangtsens and Myicuns.
Jokhang Temple (Tsuglagkhang), ☏ +86 891 633 6858. Constructed in the 7th century AD to house the statues of Buddha that princesses Bhrikuti from Nepal and Wen Cheng from Tang Dynasty China brought as gifts for their future husband, King Songtsan Gampo. The temple has been enlarged many times over the centuries and now also houses statues of King Songtsan Gambo and his two famous foreign brides. However, the original statue of Jowo Sakyamuni Buddha that Princess Wen Cheng brought from Chang’an over 1300 years ago is definitely its most sacred and famous possession, and is perhaps the most venerated religious artifact in all of Tibet. The temple, a splendid four-floor building facing west under a guilded rooftop, is on Barkhor Square in the center of the old section of Lhasa. (updated Nov 2022)
Sera Monastery. Founded in 1419 by one of Tsong Khapa’s (the founder of the Gelupa sect) eight disciples. It became famous for its tantric teachings, while Drepung drew fame from its governing role. Sera was smaller than Drepung, with 7,000 monks, but was very rich and comparable in power. The monks of Sera were considered clever and dangerous.
Kora. A meditative circumambulation around a sacred site, such as a temple, practiced by many Tibetans.
Langma Opera. literally "royal music", a traditional Tibetan singing and dancing show.
Blind Massage, #59 Beijing Middle Road, 3rd floor (at Medical Massage Clinic Lhasa, directly across from the Kichu Hotel), ☏ +86 891 6320870. ¥80/hour. English spoken. A vocational project of Braille Without Borders. Great way to adjust to the altitude or to relax.
Lhasa Amusement Park, No.30-32 Sela Road.
Princess Wencheng Live Action Drama (《文成公主》实景剧), Princess Wencheng Live Action Drama Theatre, Tibetan Culture & Tourism Creativity Park, Cijuelin Village, Chengguan District (城关区慈觉林村中国西藏文化旅游创意园文成公主实景剧场) (Bus no. 5), ☏ +86 891 6875555, booking@wcgz.com. 20:30-22:00. A large-scale musical based on the life of Princess Wencheng. Features almost 1000 performers. Ticket prices range from ¥380 to ¥1280. (updated Sep 2018)
Many ATMs do not accept foreign cards; however, foreign cards are generally accepted at Bank of China ATMs. Bank of China also offers currency conversion.
The stalls on Barkhor Street offer fascinating browsing. However, most of the items are junk from Nepal and other parts of China. Examples include bronzes and paintings that are all fake and laughing Buddhas with no connection with Tibetan tantric belief. Despite this, there are still many authentic items. Look for household items and carved wood pieces, such as bowls, pilgrims' stamps, silver items such as gau (amulet cases), silver and brass personal seals, old Tibetan banknotes, knitted satchels, and woven bags. Though it is quite fascinating, buying Tibetan antiques destroys the culture.
If you want a local Buddhist Thangka painting, find a workshop on the back streets where you can watch them being painted. Searching in the back streets around the Barkhor is very rewarding in this respect, and you can find artisans making paintings, furniture, clay sculpture, masks and ceremonial banners and applique. Not all artwork is easily transported home, but it is fascinating to watch.
Tibet was the home of traditional carpet making, though many "Tibetan" carpets displayed in stores in the Barkhor and in front of the Potala are now made in Nepal in factories run by Tibetan exiles and many of the designs on display are Turkomen and Afghan and have no connection with Tibetan tradition. In some workshops you will find a few carpets on looms for display purposes, but the carpets in the showroom will mostly have been shipped in from elsewhere. To find authentic Tibetan carpets, visit the factories and their showrooms. Look closely at what is being woven, and make sure the piece you are buying matches what you are shown on the looms. Check the smell of the carpet: authentic Tibetan wool has a high lanolin content and a distinctive odor. Cheaper wools from Qinghai and Mongolia are dry by comparison. A few older carpets can still occasionally be found on the Barkhor and the shops around, though good, old carpets are much sought after by collectors, so prices tend to be surprisingly high, even in Lhasa.
Tianhai Night Market, in the western suburbs, is known for its great variety of goods and for being cheaper than the market on Barkhor Street.
Snow Leopard Industries, #2 East Zang Yi Yuan Road (next to the Snowland Hotel and near Barkhor Square), ☏ +86 891-6321481. Small shop with a wide variety of traditional and contemporary Tibetan designs made at their own factory. Rug prices are fixed and very reasonable. Owner Phurbu Tsamchu speaks English and can explain about the different Tibetan designs and the process of making rugs. This store also has a fixed-price souvenir shop with very low, set prices. Can arrange shipping of rugs overseas. Credit cards accepted.
Kharma Gallery (on the 2nd floor across from the Snowland Hotel), ☏ +86-891-6338013. Art gallery offering quality oil paintings by Tibetan artists on Tibetan themes (landscape, people, religious, animals, etc.)
Gedun Choephel This gallery, on the corner of the Barkhor, roughly at the furthest point from the Jokhang temple, is the meeting place of Lhasa's most avant-garde group of artists, several of whom have exhibited in Beijing and London. The gallery runs rotating exhibitions and is well worth a look.
Dropenling Handicraft Development Center, 11 Chak Tsal Gang Road (from Barkhor Square, head to the Lhasa Mosque, then turn left), ☏ +86 891-6360558. This shop is not the cheapest but has very high quality items made in Tibet. Profits go to artisan development programs. Credit cards accepted.
See Tibet#Eat for descriptions of typical Tibetan food.
A lot of nice and comfortable restaurants are located near the Jokhang Temple along Beijing Zhong Lu (or called Beijing Road Middle) and its tributary road Zang Yiyuan Lu (or called Tibetan Hospital Road). Some of them serve Western food, Nepali and Indian food. Meals can be as cheap as ¥20 per person, including drinks. The smaller Tibetan restaurants, especially the teahouses, may not be decorated as nicely, but are much cheaper than the tourist restaurants and serve more tasty food. Most of the Chinese restaurants serve Sichuan's spicy cuisine. Although Tibetan restaurants are more traditional and full of history, to the western traveler the Chinese food might seem more diverse and more appealing than the greasy boiled yak meat typically served in the Tibetan ones. Westerners also might want to avoid the traditional Tibetan tea which is in fact black tea with yak butter in it and is typically being kept warm in heat insulating containers for quite some time.
Apart from eating at restaurants, you can buy food or snacks in the main supermarkets, all around Beijing Zhong Lu.
Be prepared with at least a few basic food describing words as in many of the restaurants they only speak Chinese!
Be prepared to learn to use chop sticks as some restaurants do not have forks, spoons or knives.
Mayke Ame, (Maji A'mi) on the corner of the Barkhor Street, is a popular enchanting bar/restaurant popular with backpackers. It also features a convenient internet bar. The name means 'beautiful woman'. Sitting at this second-floor restaurant gives you an amazing view, especially at sunset, of the part of the Barkhor Street which is full of pilgrams moving in clockwise direction. The location of Makye Ame is unbeatable, but the food is nothing to write home about.
Lhasa Kitchen is popular among tourists due to its extensive menu and central location
Snowland Restaurant Tenjieling Road #4, near Jokhang Square, phone +86 891-6337323 Large menu features a mix of Western, Napali, Indian and Tibetan food. Good service, good food, very popular.
New Mandala Restaurant with roof top Garden, located in front of Jokhang Temple, phone +86 891-6342235. Indian, Nepali, Tibetan and some Western dishes. Roof top has good views of the city. Try the yak sizzler.
Tengyelink Cafe has great yak steak, the best food in Lhasa, and a great atmosphere. Cheap breakfast options are available.
Oxygen in the Four Points Sheraton on Lin Kuo East is a good choice for those homesick after weeks of Chinese food. Good steak.
Tibetan Steak House. East of Jokhang Temple and hard to miss from the big sign. Serves Tibetian food as well as Indian, Western, Chinese and the prices are reasonable. Good alternative if the more popular choices are crowded.
See Tibet#Drink for descriptions of typical Tibetan drinks.
Ganglamedo Café & Bar, 127 Beijing East Rd, ☏ +86 891 6333657. Means 'snowdrop' in Tibetan. It is managed by a Chinese woman from Dalian, Liaoning Province. Visitors are greeted with many elaborate canvases and watercolor paintings. Ganglamedo is well known for its delicious pastry and coffee.
Travelers Bar, East Beijing Road. A backpackers' favorite.
Low House Music Bar - features music of India, Nepal and Tibetan traditional music. Located in the house of the family of the 11th Dalai Lama
Dunya Restaurant, Bar and Balcony - owned by 2 foreign women, pleasant atmosphere
Gang La Mei Duo - Canvas and watercolor paintings in Tibetan theme hanging all around the wall for sale.
Guge Tavern and Bar - Stone stools and simple tables
Gu Xiu Na Book Bar - read books on religion
7 Square-meter Bar- 83 Beijing Road West
Shambhala 7 Jiri 2 Lane - styled like a Tibetan home
Some hotels have branches of KTV (Chinese Karaoke). You should ensure that your room is not above one of these establishments or it may be difficult to sleep!
Banak Shol Hotel, 8 Beijing Dong Lu, Lhasa, ☏ +86 891 6323829.
Dong Cuo International YHA (东措国际青年旅馆), 10 Beijing East Road, Lhasa, ☏ +86 891 627 3388. Bar, lounge, and garden, with a pool and ping pong table. A chance to use shared rooms and bathrooms. ¥48.
Flora Hotel, Hobaling Muslim Road, ☏ +86 891 6324491.
Lhasa Pingcuokangsang Youth Hotel (平措康桑青年旅舍), Duosen'ge North Road (Near Shenli Shidai Square), ☏ +86 891 692 7618. a very nice place, with wifi and bar. ¥157.
Yak Hotel (亚宾馆), 100 Beijing E Rd,, ☏ +86 891 632 3496. Basic amenities, shower can be a bit dirty. Restaurant, bar, and wifi on site. Should be able to identify by yak head on sign out front.
Fengma Feiyang Hostel (风马飞扬青年旅舍) (down alley near Yak Hotel), ☏ +86 891 679 0250. Rooftop terrace where you can freeze if you don't have your coat. Small breakfast. Clean rooms and bathrooms. Friendly host. ¥178. (updated Sep 2020)
Tashi Choeta Boutique Hotel (扎西曲塔酒店), Jiri 1st Alley, ☏ +86 891 633 3028. Tibetan-style building, sun terrace, breakfast, wifi, a/c (brr), airport shuttle (surcharge). ¥157. (updated Sep 2020)
Four Points Sheraton, No.5 Section 1 Lin Kuo East, Lhasa, ☏ +86 891 634 8888. English-speaking staff, international standard rooms with humidifiers, Excellent restaurant that serves Chinese as well as international selections.
Himalaya Hotel, 6 East Linguo Road, Lhasa, ☏ +86 891 6331300, fax: +86 891 6334855.
Hotel Kyichu, 18 Beijing Zhong Lu, Lhasa, ☏ +86 891 6331541, fax: +86 891 6320234. a very nice midrange hotel. Located near the main tourist sights. Staff is quite nice and helpful. Restaurant is top-notch in quality and presentation..
Shambhala Palace Hotel, ☏ +86 891 630 7779. Wifi and breakfast availability. Very decorated interior with stone and wood and Tibetan curios. Even though it's close to Jokhang Temple, finding the hotel may require contacting the staff since it's not very easy to locate. (updated Sep 2020)
Lhasa Hotel (Lhasa Fandian), 1 Minzu Middle Rd, ☏ +86 891 6832221, fax: +86 891 6836651. The former Holiday Inn hotel is now owned by the government and has been neglected. Most locals recommend that people stay elsewhere. While it may be expensive, the quality is about as good as a 1-star hotel at best.
Tibet Hotel (Xizang Binguan), 221 West Beijing Road, Lhasa, ☏ +86 891 6834966, fax: +86 891 6836787.
Tibet International Grand Hotel, 1 National South Road, Lhasa, ☏ +86 891 6832888, fax: +86 891 6820888.
The St. Regis Lhasa Resort, 22, Jiangsu Road, ☏ +86-891-680-8888, fax: +86-891-695-4138, reservation.lhasa@stregis.com. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 12:00. Stunning design coupled with impeccable service - rare as hen's teeth in this area, let alone the rest of China
Intercontinental opened a luxury hotel in Lhasa, but this has been hugely controversial and has resulted in the boycott of the company by many pro-Tibet groups, such as 'Free Tibet'.
Read the article on altitude sickness and study its symptoms, precautions, and treatments before traveling to Lhasa. Altitude sickness can easily ruin a holiday and can even be fatal. Lhasa is 3,650 m above sea level, so there is considerable risk of altitude sickness, especially if you fly in from a much lower altitude and your body does not have time to acclimatize: apparently as many as 2% of visitors arriving by plane are hospitalized. If you must fly to Lhasa, it would be wise to fly via an intermediate destination such as Zhongdian (3,200 m), Xining (2,300 m) or Kunming (1,950 m) and spend several days there to acclimatize before flying to Lhasa.
Do not under any circumstances give or show to monks or locals pictures of Dalai Lama as this can get you in trouble and cause severe trouble for the recipient. Keep in mind some monks may report to the authorities, or may not be monks at all.
Take common sense precautions when shopping at the many small kiosks around the Barkhor and along the Jokhang Temple circumambulation route. While problems are few, leaving large backpacks at your hotel and keeping your wallet well guarded are both good ideas.
Do not give to children begging and be cautious before giving to any beggars in this area at all; giving to one may attract a crowd.
Do not wear a hat inside the Jokhang, Potala or other sacred sites. No short trousers/pants or tank tops. When visiting shrines it is customary to leave a small money offering, especially where you do not have to buy a ticket.
Circumambulate stupas and other sacred objects in a clock-wise direction. Do not climb onto statues, mani stones or other sacred objects.
Photography is not allowed inside the Potala Palace. You can take photos in the Jokhang temple. Some monasteries will allow photography upon payment of a small donation or fee. Monks begging will often allow a photograph after you make a small contribution. When in doubt, ask before snapping.
If you are travelling within Tibet without an organized tour, make sure you have the proper permits/visas to travel to these destinations.
Buses wait for passengers early in the morning on the street east of the Yak Hotel, for destinations such as Shigatse, Tsethang, Samye, Nakchu and Danzhung. From the long distance bus station, buses are available to Golmud, Chengdu (via Xining and Lanzhou), Nakchu, Chamdo, Bayi, Tsethang, Shigatse and Dram.
7-day guided overland trips to Kathmandu via a 4-wheel drive jeep, a driver and a guide can be booked at most regional tourist agencies.
There are many daily flights from Lhasa to major Chinese cities as well as Kathmandu, Nepal
Samye Monastery is near Dranang, 150 km south-east of Lhasa and is reachable by bus. It was constructed in 779AD under the patronage of King Trisong Detsen and overseen by Santarakshita and Padmasambhava, two prominent Buddhist teachers from India. It was the first Buddhist Monastery established in Tibet and as such remains one of the most important pilgrimage sites in the region. If you can spend more time, go to nearby hermitages at Chimpu, and feel more spiritual vibes than in Samye proper.
Ganden Monastery is on the south side of Kyi-chu River, 45 km east of Lhasa. It is the head monastery of the Gelukpa (Yellow Hat) order of Tibetan Buddhism. It was built in 1409 by Tsongkhapa, the founder of Gelukpa. It was destroyed by the People's Liberation Army during the 1959 Tibetan uprising. Reconstruction has been underway since 1980. The monastery offers outstanding views from its mountainside location.
A popular trekking route is available between Ganden and Samye Monasteries. The average is 4–5 days with fast walkers taking 3 days.
This city travel guide to Lhasa is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.