Mangalore (Mangaluru), in the Coastal Karnataka region, is a blend of new and old. With the increasing influx of students from various states of India and different parts of the world, Mangalore has virtually become a 'melting pot' of cultures, given the various communities that make up the social framework of Mangalore: the Tuluvas (Bunts, Billawas, Mogaveeras, Kulals, Shivalli Madhva Brahmins, Jains, Devadigas, Chitpavans), the Brahmins, the Konkani Catholics, the Bearys, the Goud-Saraswath Brahmins (Konkanas), Devangs (M'lore Kannada, Tulu, M'lore Malayalam), etc.
Mangalore is a port city of about half a million people (2011), and the headquarters of Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka State in India.
Kalaangann Konkani Heritage Centre, Shakthi Nagar
Traditionally, Mangalore was an important trading port with ties with the Persian Gulf states dating back to the 14th century. With its strategic location, it was occupied by a number of dynasties and colonial rulers, namely the Portuguese in the mid-16th century. In the 18th century, its control was contested by Haidar Ali and Tipu Sultan on one hand and the British on the other. Under the Mysore sultans (1763), it became a strategic shipbuilding base, which was ceded to the British in 1799 after numerous sieges.
Mangalore is one of the fastest developing cities in India. Many multinational corporations and domestic corporations are opening their branches in Mangalore. Many reputed builders are bringing huge development projects. There is very good growth in the retail sector and many new shopping malls are being built. Infosys Technologies has 2 development centers in Mangalore with over 3000 employees. Cognizant have its development center on MG Road. MphasiS has their India Training Center based near Mangalore Club. Corporation Bank and Karnataka Bank have their headquarters inside the city and Syndicate Bank HQ is in Manipal. Polaris, Thomson Reuters Omnesys, MRPL, MCF, BASF, KIOCL, Ultratech Cement Plant are some of the other industries in the city.
Mangalore is also known as the 'Cradle of Education' in Karnataka with 16 engineering (Nitk, surathkal being the rank 1 engineering college and MIT (Manipal) being second), 6 medical, 3 dental, 12 MBA, 11 physiotherapy, 8 hotel management and 58 graduation colleges in and around the city.
The number of languages spoken around here reflects the cultural diversity of Mangalore: Tulu (the most popular and most widely spoken language here, with a slight variation spoken by the Brahmin community), Kannada (the official state language), Konkani (three different versions exist: spoken by the Rajapur Saraswath Brahmins, spoken by the Konkani Catholics and another spoken by the Goud-Saraswaths). Beary is spoken by Muslims. Haveeka is spoken by Havyaka Brahmins. Malayalam is spoken by many as it is across the border in Kerala. English and Hindi are also widely spoken, so communication shouldn't be much of a problem.
Mangalore International Airport (IXE IATA) (at Bajpe, about 20 km (12 mi) from the city centre). There are daily flights to Mumbai, Bangalore, Goa, Kochi, Hyderabad, Chennai, Surat, Delhi and Calicut in the domestic segment and weekly/bi-weekly flights to Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Muscat (Oman), Doha (Qatar), Kuwait and Bahrain in the international segment. Air India, Spice Jet, and Air India Express operate flights to Mangalore.
Mangalore has two big railway stations.
Mangalore Central SR (IR station code: MAQ) at Hampankatta in the heart of the city, is a terminus and is used only by the trains which terminate at Mangalore.
Mangalore Junction SR (IR station code: MAJN) is in Kankanady, about 5 km from the city centre. Most long-distance trains and all trains not terminating at Mangalore stop at this station.
Surathkal KR (IR station code: SL) is in Surathkal, about 18 km from the city centre. Most long-distance trains moving on the either to north or south India stop here.
Udupi KR Udupi (IR station code: UD) is in Udupi District, about 87 km from the Manglore City . Most long-distance trains moving on the either to north or south India stop here.
Here is a list of trains to reach Mangalore:
Nizamuddin (Delhi), Panvel (Mumbai)
Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (Mumbai), Thane, Panvel
Mumbai CST (Mumbai), Thane, Panvel
Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (Mumbai), Thane, Panvel
Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (Mumbai), Thane, Panvel
Yesvantpur (Bangalore), Bangalore City Junction, Kengeri, Mysore Junction
Madgaon (Goa), Karwar (Karnataka)
Pune Junction, Satara, Sangli
Chandigarh (Punjab), Nizamuddin (Delhi), Kalyan Junction, Panvel (Mumbai), Madgaon (Goa)
Nizamuddin (Delhi), Panvel (Mumbai), Madgaon (Goa)
Ajmer (Rajasthan), Jaipur, Vadodara Junction (Gujrat), Panvel (Mumbai), Madgaon (Goa)
Thiruvananthapuram Central, Varkala, Eranakulam Junction
Also see Rail travel in India
There are two bus-stands in Mangalore for long-distance bus services.
One is the state-run KSRTC bus-stand in Bejai, located towards the North of the city, but not far off from the city centre. The bus-services are run by the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation. They operate scheduled bus services to Mumbai, Bangalore, Mysore, Goa, Hubli-Dharwad and many other areas within and outside Karnataka. Services run by the Kerala State Transport and Tamil Nadu State Transport and Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation also call in Mangalore at this very bus-stand.
The other one is behind the Town Hall. It is known as the 'State Bank' stand by the locals, because of its proximity to a branch of the State Bank of India. It is the last stop for most of the private bus services to Mangalore (mostly Inter-District viz. Mangalore-Udupi and Inter-taluk buses).
There is a third bus-stand (not exactly a bus-stand but an alighting point for passengers) in front of Milagres Church where most private tour and bus operators: Ideal Travels, Canara, Canara-Pinto, Vishal Travels, Anand Travels, VRL etc. have their offices. They operate buses of semi-deluxe, sleeper and Volvo types to various destinations viz. Mumbai, Bangalore, Goa, Thrissur, Hubli-Dharwad.
There are various other pick-up points and drop points in Mangalore city
There are many bus services from Mangalore to all the nearby towns in Karnataka and Kerala. The long-distance bus services to major cities like Bangalore, Mumbai, Hubli-Dharwad and Goa run along the National Highways radiating to the North (towards Goa and Mumbai) NH-17, South (towards Kerala) and the East (towards Bangalore) NH-48.
Mangalore is well connected to Goa, Mumbai, and Kerala via NH-17, to the state capital Bangalore via NH-48, and to Hyderabad via NH-13. Highways are only two-laned and very narrow, but make for extremely scenic drives as they all pass either through the Western Ghats or along the coastline. There is a lot of heavy traffic load on the highways owing to the increasing number of buses plying on these routes, as well as a lot of goods-transport trucks owing to the location of many plants and factories as well as New Mangalore Port on NH-17. So exercise caution while driving during periods of heavy traffic.
NH-48 from Sakleshpur to Mangalore, which had been completely unmotorable thanks to government apathy, is now repaired and somewhat motorable. Work is going on to convert NH-48 into a four-lane highway. Until they do this, one needs to go to Mangalore from Bangalore either through the potentially dangerous Charmadi Ghat road, or via the equally pathetic Mysore-Madikeri-Suliya route.
There are many car rental companies available.
There are numerous private bus companies which run bus services within the city of Mangalore and its suburbs. They have names like Padmambika Bus Co. Ltd. emblazoned in large letters in English on the front windscreen of the bus and on its sides. These buses also connect to all the minor urban centres surrounding Mangalore. Most of them originate from the Central Bus Stand at Mangalore behind the Town Hall: It is known as the 'State Bank' bus-stand.
Even though the buses are operated by different private companies, the bus numbering scheme is unified and quite useful. The destinations and routes are, however, all written in Kannada. The best way to use these buses is to ask around and the people are most helpful. If you are armed with a city map, one can get the hang of things within a day or so. The minimum bus fare is ₹5. If you are a student, you have to pay just half the bus fare.
In addition city bus service, there is limited stop (usually called express) bus service (the majority of these are run by various private bus companies) for inter-town/city travelling to neighbouring places. You may find these useful to visit places like Udupi, Manipal, Kaup, Karkala etc. Bus fare ranges between ₹14 and ₹35 for a distance up to 65 km. KSRTC operates AC Volvo buses to few destinations like Manipal.
Ola and Uber services are available in Mangalore.
White Ambassador Cabs/Indicas are available: usually used by passengers on long-haul routes. Shared cabs are also available for travel between the city and other talukas viz. Bantwal (BC Road).
Prepaid cabs are available from the airport to the city: this is generally at a flat rate of ₹350-400.
Car-rental facilities are also available in Mangalore.
They are available all throughout Mangalore City, the starting fare is ₹30. Pre-paid autos were available from the City Railway Station and the KSRTC bus stand at Bejai, but not any more. Autos also ply to far-off destinations, the outskirts, for one-and-a-half times the actual fare; this is roughly around ₹150, depending on the amount of money you have to spare, although one would prefer using buses to reach these areas as a cheaper mode of transport.
Inside the city, common and popular spots they go by meter. But if it is little outskirts, like Panambur beach or Bejai or Someshwar beach, they ask for one and half times, so you need to keep your nerve and bargain with them; otherwise, you may get looted. (The auto drivers will charge exorbitant rates if you do not haggle. If there is a problem with them, just search for a cop nearby. If the cop talks to them, the auto drivers treat you fairly.)
Most of the places to see are monuments of religious importance. A few of the important ones are listed below.
Kadri Manjunatheswara, 702 Planet SKS Kadri Hills.
Kalangan Konkani Heritage Centre, Shakthi Nagar (7 km from Mangalore).
Kalaanagann Konkani Heritage Centre, Shakthi Nagar
Mangaladevi Temple (Mahatobar Shri Mangaladevi Temple), Bolar, ☏ +91 824-2415476. 6AM to 1PM and 4PM to 8:30PM.
Milagres Church, Hampankatta. (updated Jun 2015)
Rosario Cathedral, Bolar. (updated Jun 2015)
St. Aloysius Chapel, Lighthouse Hill. (updated Jun 2015)
Someshwar Somanath Temple, Someshwar (14 km South of Mangalore City).
Shree Shanaishchara Temple, Bajpe.
Ullal Darga (Ullal Juma Masjid).
Kudroli Gokarnanatha. (updated Mar 2023)
Adventure: For the adventurous, the Western Ghats near Mangalore provide an ideal location to get lost in the dense jungles.
Pilikula Nisarga Dhama is about 12 km from city and is a tourist spot with "Manasa" water theme park, animal park, boating, science centre, arboretum, golf course, all in one place.
Surf: India's first surf club "Mantra Surf Club" is located just 24 km from Mangalore at Mulki. Just board an EXPRESS Bus heading towards Udupi and get down in Mulki. Ask for "Hare Krishna Ashram". The auto rickshaws charge around ₹20-30 from Mulki bus stand.
Swim: Mangalore has many clean and beautiful beaches:
Kapu Beach is about 45 km to the north. It can be reached by local express buses in 45 minutes. The beach has a lighthouse which is open to visitors.
Malpe Beach is about 60 km to the north. It can be reached by local express buses.This beach has a resort. Also there is a small island of the beach about 15 minutes boat ride.Local ferry runs every 30 minutes or so. The last ferry back from the island is at 5PM.
Panambur Beach is in Panambur, 10 km to the north of the city, near the New Mangalore Port and along the confluence of the Gurupur river and the Arabian Sea. This is comparatively more deserted and is a great spot for safe and secluded swimming. Panambur is well connected by bus and can also be reached by autorickshaw from the city centre. If you are coming Mangalore in January, definitely visit this beach for the kite festival happens for some period during this month. It is a fantastic scene to watch.
Someshwar Beach is in Ullal, 11 km to the south of the city, near the confluence of the Netravati River and the Arabian Sea. The beachface is extremely rocky and considered dangerous for swimming. However, it is a great place to relax and watch the spectacular sunsets. Ullal is accessible by bus, train and autorickshaw from the city centre.
Suratkal Beach is about 15 km to the north of the city. It has a beautiful lighthouse and few rocks. The biggest thing on this beach is its "sand". It's totally different from all other beaches that it is powder like as compared to sand type feeling at all other beaches. You can confirm it by walking barefoot on beach. This beach has a resort named "Red Rock Residency" where people come every weekend to enjoy.
Tannirbavi Beach is one of the best beaches of Mangalore. One can enjoy the sunset view here. It is located at a distance of 12 km from Mangalore. You can also take a ferry from several spots in the city to the beach. One of the most popular ways is to take the ferry from Sulthan Battery.
Pilikula Nisargadhama. (updated Mar 2023)
Empire Mall. The "Empire Mall" has the Nilgiris supermarket, Coffee Day, Amazon multi cuisine restaurant and a few other retail chains. It also houses Combinations, a good store for artificial jewellery and cosmetic requirements, not as big as, but similar to Claire's. (updated Sep 2015)
Bharath Mall. The "Bharath Mall" has an Big Cinemas Multiplex, Big Bazaar,Food Bazaar, PlanetM, Pizza Hut, Coffee Day, Subway, Adidas, Reebok, Planet Sports, Swawroski, Levi's. (updated Sep 2015)
City Centre Mall. The City Centre Mall. It is on K.S. Rao Road. It has a retail space of almost 800,000 square feet. Lifestyle, Westside, Spencers, Kentucky Fried Chicken, Landmark are open at the mall. Mexican-based Cinepolis has a 5-screen multiplex at the mall. Also there is Spar Hypermarket. (updated Sep 2015)
Forum Fiza Mall. Opened in 2014, The largest mall of the city, located in Pandeshwar houses a variety of retail stores and showrooms. It also houses PVR Cinemas with 5 screens and various gaming arcades and cafes. (updated Sep 2015)
There are various supermarkets across the city where you can get groceries & other daily items. A few of them are:
Aditya Birla's More for you (Attavar, Deralakatte, Kadri, Valencia, Kankanady, Chilimbi, Bendoor, Kodailbail, Barke, Kudroli)
SPAR super market, city centre, K S Rao Road, Mangaluru.
Baliga's Supermarket (near K.S.R.T.C., Bejai)
Big Bazaar & Food Bazaar (Bharath Mall Bejai, Mangaladevi Road)
Big Bazar (opposite KSRTC Bus Stand)
Ganesh Bazaar (New Chitra Road)
Janatha Bazaar (GHS Road)
Jimmy's Supermarket, the official groceries supplier of C.P. and visitors (Nathoor Tollgate and Falnir)
Joofry's (Saibeen Complex, Lalbagh)
Nilgiri's (Empire Mall, Kankanady, Deralakatte)
Neelgiris, More, Reliance shopping marts are found commonly in Mangalore.
V Hypermart (Mischief mall K.S. Rao Road)
Apart from these, a few more supermarkets such as Spencers, Mark & Spencers, Reliance Fresh are expected to open their outlets in Mangalore.
Mutlis is a Mangalorean Christian bread, a speciality from Elizabeth's grandmother's kitchen.
Idli and pork are popular in Mangalore
There are numerous small restaurants where one can gorge on cheap food as long as one likes South Indian food. The most typical ones are the Udupi-style restaurants which serve the staple fare of idli, wada and a variety of dosas. You can wash them down with some home-grown filter coffee or tea.
Hotel Ayodhya is famous for authentic Mangalore-style food. Try appam, ghee dose, vastad roti, parota/tingalavare song.
Janata Deluxe also serves authentic Udupi style food items.
Taj Mahal, two locations in Mangalore (Hampankatta & Kodialbail). The coffee served in Taj Mahal is regarded by many to be the best coffee available anywhere — the exact contents of the coffee powder used are kept a secret, Taj Mahal has a lot of patrons who visit the restaurant almost ritualistically thrice a day. Apart from the coffee there are a wide variety of dishes available including the dosas.
Woodlands Restaurant (between Jyothi and Bunts hostel road), ☏ +91 824 2443751. Rs.100 for vegetarian lunch.. (updated Mar 2022)
If you are looking for North Indian food, you are not spoilt for choice. Some of the larger hotels have a larger menu but the food is not particularly appetizing. One important joint in this category would be the restaurant at Hotel Srinivas on G.H.S Road: awesome food at great prices (vegetarian-only).
Otherwise for the Mughlai-tandoori variety, don't forget to check out The Royal Darbar (Bendorewell-Kankanady Road) and the Mogul Treat (at Highlands, opposite Highland Hospital).
Biryani Paradise (Kankanady-Pumpwell road).
Chicken Tikka Halal (Saibeen complex)
Shetty's Kori roti (near Canara College) it supplies Mangalore style chicken curry with Kori roti (rice papads).
Try such dishes as Kane Rava fry, Anjal Masala fry and Manji Masala fry.
Amantran (Attavar, near the city railway station) is a must try for sea food.
Bombay Lucky (next door to Bunder Police station) is the best place to eat after late night parting. It's a typical greasy food joint serves tasty ghee rice, rice pathari, biriyani, fried chicken, mutton dishes (a bit greasy but good really good to settle your post party starving). Must try their black tea with lime after food.
Coconut Grove (opposite Colaco hospital, Bendore main road).
Sanadige - Goldfinch Hotel, Bunts Hostel Road near Jyoti Circle, ☏ +91 824-4245678, reserve.gfm@goldfinchhotels.com.
Kings Court (highway near Kottara Chowki)
Narayana Hotel at Bunder is famous for delicious Mangalore-style fish fry with fish curry rice.
Manja's (Giri manja) (near the Mukhya Prana Temple, lower car street). Local fish delicacies. (updated Aug 2015)
Verna Hotel (opposite City Centre Mall), ☏ +91 9901832540. Afternoon. (updated Apr 2023)
Another category of small eateries is the Malayali joints. As Mangalore is adjacent to Kerala, it has a fair share of Malayalis who patronize these places. You will see that these eateries have their names written in large letters in the Malayalam script. They provide a selection of non-vegetarian food prepared in typical Kerala-style. A famous place to cite in this category would be Kairali Restaurant, near the Railway Station behind Milagres Church.
If you're ready to spend a little more money, visit the various restaurants around which offer varied cuisines of your choice and taste, at a price! The 'Chicken Ghee Roast', which is a delicacy specifically of Dakshina Kannada is available at many of the premium restaurants.
Some of the famous restaurants:
Amazon, Mg Road, Empire Mega Mall.
Coconut Grove. Opp Colaco Hospital, Bendore main road, Kankanady
Diesel Café, Mischief--SCS Hospital Road, Balmatta.
Gajalee, Circuit House Compound, Kadri Hills, ☏ +91 22 3375 6175.
Kabab Studio - Goldfinch Hotel (Balmata), Bunts Hostel Rd, ☏ +91 824 4245678. Fresh barbeque and kababs with a licensed bar.
Hotel Abhiman Residency. Kadri Road near Bunts Hostel.
Kadal, Light House Hill Road (Nalapad Residency) Enjoy fine-dine with overlooking the Mangalore skyline.
Village, Airport Rd, Yeyyadi, ☏ +91 824 221 4158.
Maharaja, Bunts Hostel Road.
Mainland China, Mahaveer Circle(Pumpwell)
Memories Of Joanna, (Summer Sands beach resort, Ullal)
Mughul Treat, Falnir, Highlands.
The Ocean Pearl, Kodial Bail.
Paalkhi, (Balmatta Road) A four-star restaurant. Great food but will be heavy on your wallet.
Pegz, K.S.Rao Road, Veg Bar n restaurant.
The Saffron. The Saffron boutique Hotel,GHS Road Hampankatta
Trishna, (Padavinangadi)--three floors of themed restaurants. Punjaabi Dhaaba remains the city's favorite.
Mangalore is often labelled 'ice cream town' for the boom in the number of parlours in and around the city. Some of the most famous ones include:
Bon Bon's Bakery, Yeyyadi, near Madhuvan Village. Tiny place run by an old lady (gives a very homely feel to it) with absolutely awesome French Cakes and pastries, a must-taste. Hot favorite here is the "Day and Night" pastry.
Cherry Square, Next to SCS Hospital.
Cochin Bakery Three outlets throughout Mangalore, at Ceebees tower on Old Pumpwell Road (Kankanady), at A.B. Shetty Circle (near State Bank) and at Padua Circle (opposite Padua High School)
Complex's, "Joofris" in the ground floor.
Cream Caramel, Saibeen Shopping Complex. Mouth watering pastries, cakes, pizzas & other products.
Crumbz,(besides Deepa Comfort Hotel, Opposite A.B.Shetty Dental College - Deralakatte, Opposite Canara High School - Dongerkery and in Kankanady)
Danish Bakes, Bendorewell Road. (A.R.D'Souza Complex)
Dino's, Awesome snacks and pastries. Located at Falnir, behind Misbah Supermarket.
Ideals Ice Cream, Hampankatta, ☏ +91 824 245 6874. There are three parlours (2 ideals, 200 metres of one another. One is located near the Milgres junction and the other one is near the next junction heading towards the market) 3rd one 'Pabba's', at Lalbagh diagonally facing Saibeen Complex. Ideals is marked as one of the best ice cream in DK, when you are in mangalore this is a must try place. You have to try out "Gadbad" ice cream which is only available in Ideals and the best of all ice creams. Gadbad icecream is an old favorite which has dry fruits and fresh ones chopped up with nuts, layered with icecream (strawberry and vanilla) and topped off with Jello. Hot favorites are "Chocolate Dad" and "Tiramisu".
Komal's, Hampankatta, adjacent to Ideals (Milagres junction). Sells good Indian sweets.
Mahalaxmi Sweets and Chaats, Kankanady.
Minimelts ice cream, available in Saibeen, Bharath Mall and Emipire Mall
Pabba's, at Lalbagh diagonally facing Saibeen Complex. Is also one of the outlets of Ideals.
Pop Tates, in Balmatta area, opposite Cafe Coffee Day and adjacent to Froth On Top.
Snack-Shack, (beside Move'n'Pick Supermarket at Valencia)
Srinidhi Juice & Snacks, Opp to Joy Alukas Jewellery, Next to Petrol bunk, Falnir, 18 Year old shop, Serves Fresh Fruit Juices, Fruit Chat, Lassi, Maggie, Pav Bhaji & other Snacks.
Srinidhi Juice & Snacks, Opp to Srinivasa Theater (Balaji), B.E.M High School Road, Carstreet, 50 Year old shop, Serves Fresh Fruit Juices, Fruit Chat, Lassi, Maggie, Pav Bhaji & other Snacks.
If you're in for the other famous & international eating places, try:
Bon Bons Bakery (Yeyyadi, near Madhuvan Village) Excellent Cakes and pastries, one should tryout.
Cafe Coffee Day (Bharath Mall, Empire Mall & Oberle Towers, Balmatta and 6 other outlets)
ChicKing (Empire Mall, City center Mall)
Hao Ming Chinese Restaurant (Balmatta)
An array of mini fruit juice stalls dot every nook and cranny of Mangalore City; at bus stops, near shopping areas, etc. that serve the usual fare of juices and milkshakes. Name it and it's all there for you. But this is not recommended if your gut is not immune to such juices! Normal restaurants would definitely be a hygienic alternative!
A must visit place: Srinidhi Juice & Snacks, Opp to Srinivasa Theater (Balaji), B.E.M High School Road, Carstreet, 50 Year old shop, Serves Fresh Fruit Juices, Fruit Chat, Lassi, Maggie, Pav Bhaji & other Snacks.
Tendercoconut (Local language called Bonda or Shiyala) is available in plenty. Most vendors charge about ₹20 each.
Aerated cold drinks like Coke & Pepsi are also available, just as in any other part of the world. Try out the local varieties, such as 'Zaffa' or 'Joy' for taste. If you want to have hygienically flavoured sugarcane juice, then you will find a joint in Bharath Mall. You will wonder how much technology has changed these days!
Another must visit place is the Temple Square (Car street). The juice shop to check out is the one located between School book company & an Ayurvedic medicine shop.This juice shop specialises in dishing out concoctions made up of locally grown berries.Famous flavours include "Nannari", "Jaljeera", "Hingastak", "Birinda", and the rest is up to you to explore.The juice shop perfectly complements the fried delicacies served at "Balli's podi" located right across the street. Its the best place to eat "podis" in Mangalore. The mouth watering hot hot podis are irresistible.
Well there's the usual Cafe Coffee Day with its main outlet at Balmatta and four others at Deralakatte bang opposite the A.B. Shetty Memorial Institute of Dental Sciences campus, at the ONGC-MRPL Complex at Katipalla, Surathkal (near Infant Mary Church) and two outlets at the Empire Mega Mall (MG Road) and at Bharath Mall (Opposite KSRTC Bus Stand, Bejai). The outlets offer the youth a good hangout and a place to chill.
If you're game for just plain filter coffee, without the extra hype, try out any of the Udupi cafes. Like the Taj Mahal hotels at Car Street, Hampankatta and Town Hall areas.
And yes... if you're looking beers or vodka, you can either buy your liquor from the many wineshops around: for example, Hi-spirits (Bendoorwell-Kankanady), Rajaram Wines (Bolar) or you can check out the various resto-bars/lounge bars in the city. Some of the famous ones include:
Amazon, Empire Mega mall, M.G.Road Lalbagh.
Froth on Top, Balmatta. Though they serve only beer and wine, they're reputed for their ambience, hookah and if you're lucky, the occasional get the guitar and start singing crowd.
Kainos (at Abhiman Residency in the Bunts Hostel Area).
Lawnsway Bar and Restaurant, Sturrock Rd, Falnir. You should definitely try chicken ghee-roast, mouth watering food.
The Liquid Lounge, Balmatta Road. The general youth hangout! - A legendary name in Mangalore.
Maharaja (Opposite Gold Finch, near Jyothi Circle). Well priced and yummy Tharu Boothai Fry
Mangala Bar n' Restaurant (Opp. Retreat House, Valencia).
Pegasus, Jeppinamogaru (near Fisheries College). It's very expensive but is a great place to hang out.
Rajaram Wines, Bolara Kepe Building, Near Ahwini Restaurant, Main Road, Bolar.
Village, Yeyyadi road. Known for its excellent ambiance.
Wine Gate, Balmatta. A liquor supermarket with another floor to dine and drink.
Wines and Spiritz, Times Square Kadri..
This guide uses the following price ranges for a standard double room:
There is no shortage of budget hotels in Mangalore. K S Rao road has many affordable hotels.
Ayodhya (Sri Ram Bhavan) (near P V S Circle). Conveniently located and has a very good vegetarian restaurant; 'Ram Bhavan'.
Ganesh Prasad, Ganesh Prasad Building, K S Rao Rd, ☏ +91 824-244 041. ₹275+.
Hotel Akbar, Market Road, ☏ +91 824 2440098, +91 824 2429275. ₹400. (updated Apr 2015)
Hotel Blue Star, Falnir Rd (Bus: Old bus stand), ☏ +91 824 2426680. ₹239 for single.
Hotel Das Prakash, Opp. KSRTC, ☏ +91 824 4261982, +91 8050734757. ₹600. (updated Apr 2015)
Hotel Navratna. ₹400. (updated Apr 2015)
Hotel Rajadhani, Milagres Cross Road, Hampankatta., ☏ +91 824 2423631, +91 824 2426767 2422168. (updated Apr 2015)
Hotel Roopa, Balmatta Road, Hampankatta./, ☏ +91 824 2421271. (updated Apr 2015)
Hotel Vasanth Mahal, K S Rao Rd (Bus: K S Rao Road), ☏ +91 824 2441179. seems to be a good hotel.
Railway Retirement Room (inside the railway station). ₹125. (updated May 2015)
Srinivas Hotel, Ganapathy Highschool Road, near Hampankatta Railway Station, ☏ +91 824 2440061. ₹600. (updated Apr 2015)
Yash Arcade (opposite the Mangalore Bus Stand near the Adlabs theatre). Excellent quality doubles. ₹500.
Youth Hostel, Nehru Avenue, Ballalbagh (Near Mangalore City Corporation, Behind Hindi Prachar Bhavan), ☏ +91 824 2457181. Cheap and clean place for tourists and travellers. No arrangement for food. 1 Family Room @ ₹150/- per rooms per day 1 Dorm of 8 beds @ ₹50/- per bed 1 Dorm of 4Beds @₹50/- per bed.
There are many midrange hotels in Mangalore.
Hotel Hindusthan, near old bus stand, k.s. rao Rd, ☏ +91 824 2411333. Check-in: 24 hr, check-out: 24 hr. ₹700-1500 per day.
Hotel Surya, Greens compound, Balmatta Rd, ☏ +91 824-2425736-46. Spacious rooms, good ventilation.
Prestige, Collectors Gate, Balmatta, ☏ +91 824 2410601. ₹1500 per day.
Woodlands Hotel (Bunts Hostel Road), ☏ +91 824 2443751. ₹3000 for Delulxe AC room, ₹2000 for double AC room, and ₹1000 for single room in the old block. Fine vegetarian restaurant attached. Parking for 40 cars. (updated Mar 2022)
Hotel Srinivas, GHS Road, Mangalore 1, ☏ +91 824 2440061. Lift, restaurant and good lobby. 1800 ₹. (updated Apr 2023)
The Gateway Hotel (A part of Taj Hotels, Resorts and Palaces), Old Port Rd (Near State Bank of India, Pandeshwar), ☏ +91 824-6660420, fax: +91 824-6660585, manjarun.mangalore@tajhotels.com. while the hotel is not bad, the surroundings are definitely smelly and sub-par. ₹2016-6720.
Hotel Goldfinch. Four star hotel.
Hotel Poonja International, K.S. Rao Rd, ☏ +91 824-2440171, fax: +91 824-2441081, info@hotelpoonjainternational.com. ₹672-3360.
Hotel Woodside (Not to be confused with Hotel Woodside Business Hotel), K.S. Rao Rd (Opposite The Goldfinch Hotel), ☏ +91 824-4278550. Very clean and big, newly renovated rooms. Very surprised to find this quality at the price. But food is a no no. ₹1300 for double with private bathroom, Air Con, Television.
Kumar's International, Bendorewell Main Rd (opp. colaco hospital), ☏ +91 824-2225871. Check-in: 24 hr, check-out: 24 hr. ₹750-1,680.
Moti Mahal, Falnir Rd, ☏ +91 824-2441411. ₹518-2415.
Nalapad Residency, Light House Hill Rd (ahead Alukkas Jewellery store, on the way to St. Aloysius College), ☏ +91 824 2424757. ₹650-1750.
The Ocean Pearl, Navbharath Circle, Kodial Bail (Opposite Ram Bhavan Complex), ☏ +91 824 2413800-2491011, reservations@theoceanpearl.in. Check-in: noon, check-out: noon. ₹2000-4500.
Pandit Health Resort & Spa (Moodabidri), Alangar MoodabidriAlangar karnal main Rd, ☏ +91 9901728861. Pandits Health Resort & Spa, a deluxe five-star resort is situated approx. 27 km from Airport, 30 km from Mangalore city, 3 km from Moodabidri on Mangalore-Karkal road on NH-13. The 10 acres resort is fully developed with beautiful landscaping & internal roads. Eco friendly natural lush green environment, zero pollution, scenic view, lotus ponds, fish pond, water fountains, children park, indoor & outdoor games such as cricket, badminton, basketball, football, special trees with flowers, fruits, spices, cashew etc. One km Jogging track to pump in fresh oxygen for healthy mind & soul. Ready to use large ozonised swimming pool, special kids pool with showers, separate male & female changing/wash rooms. Exclusive Jacuzzi & an Ayurvedic Spa is an added attraction of the resort. Deluxe Suite & Deluxe A/c. cottages with Five Star amenities such as LCDs, shower panels, separate living room with best of the interiors, furniture, electronics & fittings amidst gardens & fountains. The cottages surrounded by the mango groves add to the charm.
The Saffron, G. H. S. Rd, ☏ +91 824-4255542, fax: +91 824-4255542, info@thesaffron.in. ₹1799-5000.
Srinivas, Near Ganapathi High School Road, Hampankatta, ☏ +91 824 2440061. ₹550-1017.
Summer Sands Beach Resort, Chotamangalore Ullal, ☏ +91 9480048888, +91 8861373737, summersands@gmail.com. Check-in: noon, check-out: 11AM. ₹3000-14000.
Malaria is endemic in Mangalore. So, don't forget to carry your mosquito repellent creams, mosquito mats, coils, liquidators, etc. along with you (let that be your first priority on your list of things to pack!). Consult your doctor for advice on malaria prophylaxis before you arrive in Mangalore. If you have the slightest idea of a fever with chills, rush yourself to a nearby hospital to get yourself checked.
Also, it is advisable to get yourself vaccinated for Hepatitis A (food-borne Hepatitis) in case you haven't been vaccinated already.
Three things will do more to prevent an upset stomach or other traveling ailments than anything else:
Always choose water from filters (Aquaguard water) or bottled mineral water, just to be on the safe side.
Carrying water free hand sanitizer is a must (Germ-X, Purell, etc.) Go ahead and eat with your hands like everyone else! Once you use your hand sanitizer your hands are cleaner than the silverware that was washed with water you don't want to drink.
Always choose foods that are steaming hot. Food is often prepared ahead of time so you want to see it cooked or see the steam coming of the food.
K.M.C hospital - B.R.Ambedkar Circle (Opposite Jyothi Talkies), Yenepoya Hospital (V.T.Road), Indiana Hospital and Omega Hospital (NH17, Mahaveer circle)
Bakel — site of famous Bakel fort, 65 km.
Bangalore — city, 378 km
Chikmagalur — Hill station, 151 km
Kannur — beach, 143 km
Karkala — Pilgrim centre. 61 km
Kasaragod — beach town with scenic rivers, 53 km
Kozhikode — major beach city with ancient mosques, 244 km.
Madikeri — Hill Station, 138 km
Moodbidre — Bamboo town, 34 km
Mysore — city of palaces and gardens, 255 km
Udupi — Temple Town, 54 km
Ullal — beach village, 10 km
This city travel guide to Mangalore is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.
This article does not match our manual of style or needs other editing. Plunge forward
with these suggested fixes: Eat listings should be grouped into "Budget, Mid-range, and Splurge" categories. Sub-categories by type of cuisine within those categories are okay.