Perth has been nominated for featuring on the main page as Destination of the Month. We may have failed to notice some minor glitches in the article. Please plunge forward and help improve it further before it hits the main page.
For other places with the same name, see Perth (disambiguation).
Perth is a huge city with several district articles that contain information about specific sights, restaurants, and accommodation.
Perth is the capital and largest city of Western Australia. It is separated from Adelaide (the nearest city with over 100,000 inhabitants) by a distance of 2,120 km, including the vast spaces of the Nullarbor Plain, making it one of the world's most isolated cities.
Perth spreads out along on a flat coastal plain, dissected by the Swan River, and spreads over the Darling Scarp to the east. The Indian Ocean coastline to the west is its only distinct physical boundary making it the most isolated continental city anywhere in the world.
Perth has a population of  million (2021), making it the fourth largest city in Australia.
The official "City of Perth" is a small area on the north side of the Swan River, consisting of just the city centre. However, the Perth metropolitan area is much larger, spreading in all directions other than the ocean.
City of Perth Where commerce and culture intermingle.
Northbridge Restaurants, bars, clubs, cafes and art.
Fremantle A historic port, now a food and entertainment destination.
The Coast The place for a swim and other activities.
Swan Valley A wide range of attractions in the Valley.
The Suburbs The low-density residential parts of Perth.
The Hills Wine, trees, hills, parks, and dams.
Outer Perth More distant towns and parks in the greater Perth region, generally 1-2 hours outside the CBD.
Rottnest Island Where locals like to relax and home to the irresistible quokkas.
The Perth region has been home to the Indigenous Nyoongar people for at least the past 60,000 years.
British settlers established a free settler colony in 1829 as part of the Swan River Colony. The settlement was given the name "Perth" after the city of Perth, Scotland, the hometown of Sir George Murray, the British Colonial Secretary at that time.
Lack of labour hampered its development until 1850, when convicts were brought in, at a time when transportation to other parts of Australia had ceased. This boosted the size of the colony and their labour helped shape the early architecture of the city, as well as other infrastructure. The discovery of gold in the 1890s triggered a boom which, with subsequent mineral discoveries, has been a major part of the state's economy. Western Australia joined the Commonwealth of Australia in 1901, after which Perth became a state capital.
Once a small, isolated city, Perth's population overtook that of Adelaide in the 1980s. Perth remains one of Australia's fastest growing cities, and has been transformed from a relatively laid back city to a vibrant one.
Perth's population has been growing more rapidly since the beginning of the 21st century. The development hasn't taken away completely the older parts of the city, and there are many parks and other green spaces within close proximity of the CBD. Perth's economy is intimately tied with the mining industry, and its skyline is fittingly dominated by the corporate offices of Australia's two largest mining conglomerates Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton. A large proportion of Perth's residents comprise of miners, who are transported to the mines in the vast interior of Western Australia via private "Fly-in Fly-out" services operated by the mining companies.
Despite its isolation, Perth is a surprisingly culturally diverse city. Due to the high rate of migration to Perth, slightly less than half of Perth's residents were born outside Australia. Its relative proximity to Southeast Asia and Africa has led to an influx of migrants from countries such as Malaysia, South Africa and Thailand, and this is reflected in the diversity of cuisine available in Perth. If you wish to experience a cosmopolitan culture without the hustle and bustle of larger cities, perhaps Perth would be your cup of tea.
The city has a temperate Mediterranean type climate. Summers are hot and dry, while winters are generally wet and mild. Summer temperatures average 30°C (86°F) between November and April. Maximum temperatures during the height of summer can reach and sometimes exceed the 40°C (104°F) mark. Very hot days tend to have very low humidity, making conditions more bearable. Sunrise is at 5AM and it does not get dark until around 7:30PM during the summer months.
In the Perth metropolitan area, the summertime temperature rises rapidly during the morning, relieved in the afternoon when the "Fremantle Doctor" blows inland from the ocean to cool the city by up to 15°C. The doctor runs out of puff before reaching the areas further inland, leaving the hills and beyond to swelter till after sunset.
Winter (Jun-Aug) temperatures are usually around 15°C in the day, and usually fall to about 8-10°C at night. Minimum temperatures have been known to drop below 0°C on clear nights. Though Perth goes through lengthy dry spells, when it does rain, it pours. In the past storms with strong winds occasionally hammer a winter night, but they generally caused no more destruction than a toppled tree or flattened fence. Intense storms have created hail and more serious damage. Snow has never been known to fall in the Perth city centre, though very light dustings have been known to occur on higher elevations in the Perth Hills. Daylight hours run from 7:15AM to 5:15PM during winter.
View of the CBD at twilight
Spring (Sep-Nov) and Autumn (Mar-May) are ideal times in which to visit Perth. Spring (particularly Oct/Nov) is perhaps the very best time, as after a decent winter's rainfall, the famous wild flowers around Kings Park and the neighbouring Avon Valley region are blooming. The metropolitan areas and the bushlands have many flowering species which often flower en-masse, so it is wise to purchase over-the-counter hay fever or antihistamines from a local chemist before making a trip to see them. Beach-goers from colder climes might find the summer months too harsh, so it is perhaps best to visit during March–April or October–November, and to take a hat, sun-screen lotion and sunglasses.
The local inhabitants tend to holiday during the height of summer or winter, either to escape the climate, or to celebrate it. In winter, Perth inhabitants often travel north to Broome or Bali for the warmth, or else stay in small chalets in the south and south west during the winter to enjoy the cool wet climate and seasonal foods.
Although Western Australia has many public holidays, they are unlikely to cause much inconvenience to your travels. Most shops are still open, public transport still runs (to a reduced timetable) and the sky is still blue. The exceptions are Good Friday, Anzac Day (25 Apr) and Christmas Day (25 Dec), when most shops and restaurants are closed. Generally only offices, banks and government services are closed for the other 7 public holidays; New Year's Day (Jan 1), Australia Day (26 Jan), Good Friday, Easter Monday, Labour Day (first Monday of March), King's Birthday (last Monday in September), WA Day (first Monday in June) and Boxing Day (26 Dec).
All scheduled international and domestic flights arrive and depart from  Perth Airport (PER IATA). The airport has four terminals, which for ground transport purposes can be regarded as two precincts. T1 and T2 are side-by-side to the east of the runway, while T3 and T4 are side-by-side to the west. A free bus plies between the two precincts, taking 15 min.
T1 and T2 have a direct rail link to the city, with fares a flat $5. The railway station serving T3 and T4 is Redcliffe Station about 15 minutes walk from the airport or you can use the shuttle bus which leaves from a lane about 20 metres outside the T4 entrance. Public buses also serve the airport, and taxis and rental cars are available.
Perth is the most important gateway to the west coast of Australia. In addition to flights from Asia, there are nonstop flights from Mauritius, Auckland and London Heathrow, the latter being the first regular nonstop route between Europe and Australia and at launch the world's longest nonstop passenger flight. There are domestic flights from the largest cities in Australia and regional flights from smaller airports in Western Australia. (updated Oct 2018)
International destinations and the airlines servicing them include:
Auckland (Air New Zealand, Batik Air)
Bangkok (Jetstar, Thai Airways, from March 2024)
Denpasar (Batik Air, Citilink, Air Asia, Jetstar)
Hong Kong (Cathay Pacific)
Ho Chi Minh City (VietJet Air, Vietnam Airlines)
Jakarta (Batik Air, Citilink - seasonal route, Air Asia)
Johannesburg (South African Airways, from April 2024)
Kuala Lumpur (Air Asia, Batik Air, Malaysia Airlines)
Paris (Qantas, from July 2024)
Rome (Qantas - seasonal route during Australian winter only)
Shanghai (China Eastern - seasonal route)
Singapore (Jetstar, Qantas, Scoot, Singapore Airlines)
Once it was the only way to reach Perth and the rest of Australia, often in chains. Nowadays a dwindling number of freight ships have passenger places available to Fremantle from Southeast Asia, Los Angeles and San Diego USA, and very rarely all the way from Europe. Their facilities are pretty basic and mundane, more like a hostel bunkhouse with added sea-sickness than a Conradian salty adventure.
For a luxurious arrival at a splurgy price, come on one of the cruise ships which call regularly at Fremantle, including the Queen Mary 2 and Queen Victoria. These often offer one-way cruises to and from Fremantle, usually to other Australian cities, to New Zealand, and to Southeast Asia. They sail most often in summer, seldom in winter. Check the schedule here and you'll need to book many months in advance.
See also: Across Australia by train
Transwa train (Prospector shown)
Most long-distance and regional trains run to East Perth, 1 km NE of the city. It's part of the Public Transport Centre so many city buses and metro trains serve it, and there are taxis. The Australind train from Bunbury arrives at Platform 3 of Perth Station.
The Indian Pacific runs to Perth from Sydney and Adelaide. It is more expensive than flying and takes longer than driving yourself, but this journey, which takes four days and three nights, is one of the world's great train journeys. You can bring your car on the train with you only if you are travelling to/from Adelaide, but not Sydney. The train traverses the longest stretch of straight track of any railway in the world (478 km) as it journeys across the Nullarbor.
Regional train services are operated by Transwa. Their four routes are:
The Australind runs twice a day between Perth and Bunbury.
The Prospector runs daily between Perth and Kalgoorlie, with a second train on Mondays and Fridays.
The AvonLink runs between Northam and Midland Monday to Friday.
The MerredinLink runs between Perth and Merredin on Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
The main operators of long-distance and inter-city coaches in Western Australia are the government-run Transwa, and Integrity Coaches.
Transwa buses run from the Public Transport Centre in East Perth. They run overnight north up the coast (both by Brand Highway 1, and Coastal Highway 60) to Dongara, Geraldton, and Kalbarri. To go further north, take the Integrity Coach, described below.
Transwa has three SE routes to Esperance, and three SW routes (all via Bunbury) to Pemberton. Their "Great Southern" routes are to Albany, with one service continuing to Katanning.
Integrity Coach Lines run from Midland Station, 10 km east of downtown, and pick up at Wellington Street Perth opposite the central metro station (on some routes it's vice versa). They run north two or three times a week via the coastal Highway 1 to Dongara, Geraldton, Carnarvon, Coral Bay, Exmouth, Port Hedland and Broome. A less frequent service cuts inland along the Great Northern Highway via Mount Magnet and Newman to Port Hedland. At Broome you can transfer to the Greyhound Australia coach to Darwin, from where coaches run to Alice Springs, Adelaide, and the eastern cities of Australia.
South West Coach Lines run from southwestern towns including Busselton, Bunbury, Margaret River, Manjimup, Collie and Dunsborough, to Perth Airport and Elizabeth Quay downtown.
There is no regular bus across the Nullarbor Plain between Perth and Adelaide, but there are adventure-oriented tours that include camping and sightseeing. The only one operating on a regular basis is Nullabor Traveller, which has 9/10 day tours. These depart eastbound from Perth (Sundays), westbound from Adelaide (Wednesdays), once a week in summer (Nov-Jan) slowing to once a month off-season, and not running mid-winter. Tour price is around $1600 per person.
Driving to Perth from Adelaide (2700 km) or Darwin (4100 km) is possible, as the road quality is good, and there's fuel, food and accommodation along the main highways. But it will take the best part of a week each way; that means a week of solid driving, with little time for sights or activities en route. Locals would consider it a 'once in a lifetime' excursion, which is their typically understated Australian way of saying "Hell, never again, mate!" Only attempt these drives if your car is in good repair. Australians and foreign visitors alike run the risk of death by dehydration if a breakdown leaves them stranded in the outback.
The Perth metropolitan area has a fairly reliable and inexpensive public transport system operated by Transperth. Information about timetables, disruptions or service alterations can be found on their website, by calling ☏ 13 62 13 (domestic) or at 'Transperth Infocentres' at the central train station and a couple of branches in the City
A reasonably reliable network of public buses serves the city centre, suburbs and outlying townships, with good interconnections between routes and with metro rail services. Most routes run hourly in the off-peak and every 20 to 30 minutes during peak hours, although the exact frequency varies by route. Some routes only run on weekdays, and some only have a limited number of services each day. Hi-Frequency routes run every 15 minutes, and some of these routes can be even more frequent. The "Super Bus" between Morley and UWA runs every two minutes in the peak, for example.
Transport buses also serve rural towns and villages near Perth. Some bus routes travel to far-flung areas like Serpentine and Pinjarra. These routes only operate a few times a day, and some stops may appear to be in the middle of nowhere. Some bus routes can be extremely long. The CircleRoute, for example, takes four and a half hours to complete a full trip. Suburban buses do not have toilets on board, so be prepared to get off mid-journey for a toilet break or hold it in!
Transperth buses are free in central Perth. This applies to all bus services while they are within the CBD Free Transit Zone. You don't need a permit or Smartrider, just get on. In addition, there are CAT buses that are free throughout their route. There are five routes - red, blue, yellow, green, purple - and some buses match the colour, others will have the colour written on their front and side signs. See city centre page for details.
Similar free bus schemes operate in Northbridge, Fremantle and Joondalup - see relevant pages.
The Perth Explorer Bus is a hop-on hop-off bus that runs on a loop around the downtown area.
The suburban railway network is great for quickly getting to outlying suburban areas. All services stop at the central Perth station in the City on their way to or from the outlying terminating stations. The network consists of six lines:
Fremantle Line, servicing western Perth, to Fremantle.
Midland Line, servicing eastern Perth to Midland, and offering transfers to regional and interstate rail services.
Armadale/Thornlie Line, servicing south-eastern Perth to Armadale, with a spur line to Thornlie.
Joondalup Line, servicing north-western Perth, to Butler (via Joondalup).
Mandurah Line, servicing southern Perth, to Mandurah.
Airport Line, servicing eastern Perth, to High Wycombe.
All rail lines converge at Perth Station. Joondalup and Mandurah Line services utilise underground platforms at Perth Underground Station, which is directly connected to Perth Station, allowing transfers by foot to the other lines.
All lines connect to various bus services. The Perth Busport, which is in the CBD, is where many bus services can be boarded, and is directly connected to Perth Station. The Elizabeth Quay Bus Station is another prime bus service location in the CBD, and is directly connected to Elizabeth Quay Station on the Mandurah and Joondalup Lines. Most train stations across Perth have bus transfers that service the more local area of the station.
Train services run every 5–10 minutes (this depends on the line and station) during peak hours. Express services on the Fremantle and Midland lines have now been replaced with local trains, resulting in more frequent service at many stations. Off peak and most of the day on weekends, trains run every 15 min and 30 min after 7PM and weekends. The Armadale Line runs express at all times except late nights.
During peak hours (7-9AM & 4:30-6:30PM) the Midland (east) and Joondalup (northwest) lines can become extremely overcrowded. Avoid these lines during peak if possible. Bicycles are not allowed on trains heading toward the city in the morning peak, or away from the city in the evening peak; they are also not allowed to enter or pass through Perth, Perth Underground or Elizabeth Quay stations during peak hours. Passengers with bikes should use stations just outside the CBD (City West, McIver, Canning Bridge or Leederville) during this time, and then ride to the final destination from there.
Services commence around 5AM and cease around midnight.
Remember to purchase a valid ticket or use your SmartRider card when travelling on the rail network. Failing to have a proper ticket can cost you $100, and the fine doubles for every month it is overdue. Fail to pay a fine at all, and you could end up paying up to $20,000 in fines and court costs. A good tip to remember is, if you have a SmartRider, to use one of the red fare gates to enter the station, so you can also be sure you have "tagged on". Do the same when leaving. Not all stations have these gates. If your station does not, look for a green pole with a SmartRider reader instead.
On Saturday and Sunday mornings, extra services depart Perth at 1AM and 2AM. These services cater to people returning home from night clubs in Northbridge. These services operate in one direction only, heading away from the city. The Armadale services run all stops during this time; there is no late night service to Thornlie.
Weekend service frequency is 15 minutes on all routes. Trackwork can cause partial line closures on weekends, with buses replacing trains. It is rare for a whole line to be closed due to track work, but it does occur at least twice a year on the Fremantle and Midland Lines.
Transperth operates a ferry shuttle service between the city, departing from Elizabeth Quay, and Mends Street Jetty in South Perth. Services are frequent throughout the day, and it is rare for a service to be cancelled. From Mends Street, it is a seven minute walk to Perth Zoo. The Blue CAT connects to the ferry, and the Elizabeth Quay (formerly known as Perth Esplanade) Train Station is adjacent to the ferry terminal. Fares are part of the bus and train Transperth system, with a 2-section fare needed to cross the river, or it can be part of a multi-zone bus or train ticket, if it's taken within the time period as shown on the ticket.
For trains, buses and ferries, the Transperth system is divided into 9 concentric zones, and the Free Transit Zone (city centre and surrounds). The Free Transit Zone on the trains is only available to SmartRider (transport card) holders, passengers without a card have to buy a ticket. Tickets and passes are valid on all buses, ferries and trains within a zone. Tickets are valid for 2 hours and can be used on your return trip.
Zone 2 extends as far as Fremantle and for most visitors a two zone ticket will suffice. Single trip, cash tickets can be purchased from bus drivers or coin-operated ticket machines located at train stations. The more convenient SmartRider cards automatically calculate your fare and deduct it from your card when you tag on and off upon boarding and alighting bus and train services. SmartRiders can be bought or recharged at Transperth Information Centres, major train and bus stations and/or from most Newsagents. Bus drivers can also charge your SmartCard for you, however they will not provide change. SmartRider cards carry a 15% discount over cash fares.
There are $ Single Rider passes available after 9AM most days. Family Rider passes also cost $ and allow two standard fare passengers plus up to (five?) concession passengers unlimited travel- these are only available Monday to Thursday after 6PM (3PM on Fridays), and all day on weekends and school or public holidays. This is an excellent value for couples and couples with children, as a standard one-way fare alone runs from $ for one zone, $ for two zones, and $ for three zones.
Those passengers not holding SmartRider cards will need to present their paper ticket to the transit guard upon entering and leaving Perth Station and selected suburban stations.
Black and White Taxis (Maxi)
Taxi experiences in Perth can range from hassle-free to problematic. Extended waits during peak periods (5-9AM weekdays, and weekend evenings) are common, but outside these times, taxis are plentiful. Booking a taxi is possible but only recommended if your journey is likely to be upwards of $25 or you are travelling to the airport. This is due to the convoluted way in which the dispatch services handle timed bookings. If your journey is likely to be short, it is better to simply call for a taxi once you are ready to leave, or hail a taxi if you are in a busy area.
Three major taxi companies are Swan Taxis (☏ 13 13 30 (domestic)), who dispatch Swan, TriColor, 13CABS, Yellow and Coastal taxis, , Black and White Taxis (☏ 131 008 (domestic)) and Maxi Taxi Perth , they specialise in van taxis with wheelchair hoist and lifts. They also accept all major cards including cabcharge vouchers and Taxi Users Subsidy Vouchers (TUSS vouchers). They strongly suggest that people book online. There are many smaller companies that operate mainly out of the Central Business District. Fares are regulated by the state government and all dispatch companies charge the same rate. Flagfall is $ during weekdays, increasing to $ on week nights and weekends. The kilometre rate is $/km charged in $ increments. Surcharges apply on designated holiday periods (New Year's Eve and Christmas Day) and on weekend nights between midnight and 5AM. Tipping taxi drivers in Perth is not customary, but adding a small gratuity ($1 or $2) on top of the fare is common for exceptional service.
Catching a taxi from an entertainment precinct late on a Friday or Saturday night sees clubbers waiting at taxi stands up to 2 hours for a ride home. Drivers are known to avoid picking up drunken patrons from outside of pubs, clubs or from the entrance to Perth central station. There have been sexual assaults on female passengers so it is advisable to travel in groups. There are specially designated 'secure ranks' operating at these times where patrons can queue in (relative) safety. Another option is the late night Transperth trains and buses run specially for revellers after their night out.
Services at Perth Airport are generally reliable, but at off peak times (1-8AM, be prepared for a potential wait at the taxi-stand as the line of waiting taxis crawl in one by one. The frequency at night drops off but there should still be a few cars waiting to meet incoming planes. A typical taxi ride from the Domestic Airport to the city is around $30 ($35 from the International). There is a $2 airport tax payable on top of the fare.
For bookings made more than 24 hours in advance, you can request that your booking be pre-confirmed with a driver for an additional $9 fee. If the taxi arrives later than ten minutes, the fee will be waived. Normal bookings can still be placed 24 hours in advance at no additional cost.
Perth can be comfortably explored on foot or by bicycle as Perth has some of the best cycling and pedestrian infrastructure in Australia.
The Perth bicycle network features an ever growing, metro-wide system of bicycle/pedestrian paths. The system features;
Principal Shared Paths (high standard shared paths that run adjacent to each railway lines and along major motorways).
Local Bicycle Routes (a series of on-road routes and some suburban off-road sections that run through parks - these paths provide a connection to such destinations as schools, shopping centres and other recreational facilities.
Generic minor works (projects include general improvements to the cycling environment in local areas, such as on-road bike lanes and sealed shoulders).
End of trip facilities (including U-Rails, Cora bike racks and bike lockers and change-rooms).
Cycle maps are available from most bike shops, and at Transport Maps. The Department of Transport provides a range of guides, maps and brochures for bike riders. If you have a scenic route in mind, these brochures can take you to the coast, Kings Park, Armadale and the Hills or around the Swan River.
A favourite among seasoned local cyclists is the ride along the North side of the Swan River between the City and Nedlands. Allow 60 min for a round trip along this route, as you might encounter a strong headwind.
Bicycles are allowed on board Transperth trains but not during peak hour unless they can be folded up.
Driving into Perth's CBD and Northbridge will mean paying to park, which can cost up to $40 a day on a weekday. There is also congestion on roads leading to the CBD during peak hours. The other option is to park at a railway station and catch a train. Some stations charge a small fee for parking, and all-day parking can fill up. Once parked in the CBD, you can reach most destinations by foot or by a free bus.
Renting a car is the ideal means of transportation for travelling through the suburbs and to outlying attractions. Most major car hire companies have locations in Perth city. Unlike the east coast, Perth's major freeways and highways are free from any tolls, and it is possible to be surrounded by beautiful countryside within minutes.
Car rental providers are located at the airport and in the city. There are some providers also in the suburbs.
The speed limit within built-up areas is 50 km/h unless otherwise directed by traffic signs. On major State Highways, such as 3, 4, 7 and 8, the speed limit can quickly go from 100 km/h, to 60 km/h. Be aware, and unlike Sydney or Albury, the maximum urban speed limit is 100 km/h, unless in the very very outer suburbs (1 Forrest Highway or 94 GEH).
Police are rarely seen out on the roads but speed cameras are very prevalent. Driving even 5 km/hr above the speed limit can incur a fine. Driving 40 km/hr above the speed limit means the car is impounded for 28 days even if it is not your car (hire cars excepted).
During special events, extra public transport services will be running, but can get crowded very fast. Some events may also result in road closures. If you are attending one of these events, you should plan ahead.
Perth Stadium is served by dedicated bus and train stations. Stadium train station is open on weekends regardless of whether an event is taking place or not. Armadale line trains stop every 15-30 minutes. During special events, extra trains to and form Armadale, Fremantle, and Joondalup serve the station. Midland line passengers should consider walking from East Perth if possible. If walking is not an option, transfer at Perth. Changing trains at McIver or Claisebrook is not an option, either because trains heading toward the stadium will already be too crowded to board, or the stations will be closed. Mandurah line passengers must change at Perth. Thornlie line services do not run during stadium events. Bus services run from many destinations across the city to the stadium, usually every 15 minutes. The Yellow CAT serves East Perth Cemetery, which is within walking distance of Matagraup bridge, which provides an alternative route.
Perth Arena is served by Perth station and Perth Busport, with the Yellow CAT stopping in front of the box office.
NIB Stadium is served by Claisebrook and East Perth stations. Arena Joondalup is served by Joondalup station.
New Year's Eve and Australia Day are the most difficult events to reach, as they include many road closers and a high demand for public transport. Plan ahead and by prepared for long wait times. On both days, trains between Elizabeth Quay and Perth Underground are suspended during the events to prevent the stations becoming overcrowded, so you may need to walk between them in order to leave the city. On NYE, train and bus services run until 3AM the following morning.
Individual listings can be found in Perth's district articles
Inside the Art Gallery of Western Australia
Top sights in and around the city are:
The renovated WA Museum, the Art Gallery of WA and PICA, and the Perth Mint — see city centre page.
Kings Park and Botanic Gardens — see city centre page
Fremantle Prison, Maritime Museum and Shipwrecks gallery — see Fremantle page
Outside of the metropolitan area are some unspoilt national parks, unpopulated coasts and other interesting locations.
There is a designated area in the zoo for kangaroos where they can wander on visitors' paths. The animals are used to people, so you can see them very close.
To see semi-wild kangaroos, visit the Pinnaroo Valley Memorial Park (a cemetery, but not European style). It's in walking distance from Whitfords Transperth Train/Metro Station - just cross the highway, the highway exit and look for the entrance on the left. As there is plenty of space for them, you may see them not only eating but also hopping.
In Whiteman Park, kangaroos come close to the parking areas in the main visitor areas of the park. Kangaroos are also commonly seen on many golf courses, including at The Vines and Joondalup Resorts.
There are also kangaroos that occasionally come close to the Mundaring Weir Hotel and the car park above Mundaring Weir/Lake C Y O'Connor.
The Perth Stadium during the 2021 AFL Grand Final
Australian Rules Football. Perth, like Melbourne, is mad for its footy. Every weekend between (roughly) March and August, newly opened Perth Stadium (known as Optus Stadium) now hosts either the West Coast Eagles or the Fremantle Dockers clubs for Australian Football League (AFL) matches. Why not choose whose colours you like best and join in the fun? All games go on sale two weeks before each game, with the majority of seats having been pre-sold to club members. However, some tickets are always made available for opposing club members and then the general public. Average attendance for the venue's first AFL season (2018) was approximately 46,500. For a more intimate and accessible game, West Australian Football League (WAFL) games are held at numerous grounds around Perth during the same period. Crowds number only a few thousand, and you can even go on the field during the breaks to have a kick, or to listen to the coach address the team! Aussie rules football might be hard to understand at first, but it is quite exciting. (updated Oct 2018)
Perth Glory play soccer in the A-League, Australia's top tier. The season runs Oct-March, with playoffs running into April. Perth Glory W-League competes in the women's equivalent league. Both teams play at Perth Oval, also known as HBF Park due to a sponsorship deal. The stadium is a 10-min walk from Northbridge, or a 3-min walk from Claisebrook Train Station. In 2023 it staged matches in the Women's World Cup, co-hosted by Australia and NZ.
Western Warriors play cricket in Australia's main domestic competitions — the Sheffield Shield ("first-class"; matches run for four days), the Ford Ranger Cup (one-day cricket; matches last about 8 hours). Home ground is the WACA. The WACA also previously hosted one of the summer Test matches (over five days) and at least one One-Day International game against a touring international side, however some events are now played at the new, larger venue, Perth Stadium.
Perth Scorchers play cricket in the KFC Twenty20 Big Bash (matches last about 3 hours), normally in the last few weeks of December. Matches are played at the WACA, but it is renamed "The Furnace" to tie in with the Scorchers theme.
The Australian national team plays most of its matches at the Perth Stadium whenever matches are hosted in Perth. The Perth Stadium has replaced the WACA Ground as Perth's main Test cricket ground.
Western Force is a Rugby union team in the National Rugby Championship, the country's top domestic competition (though also featuring a team from Fiji). Season runs from early September to late October. Western Force play at HBF Park. The Australian Rugby union team, The Wallabies, also play a game in Perth most years, nowadays using Perth Stadium.
Perth Wildcats play in the National Basketball League. Home games are at the Perth Arena. Join the Red Army!
Perth Lynx play in the Women's National Basketball League. Home games are the Bendat Basketball Centre, Floreat.
Perth Heat play in the Australian Baseball League. Home games are at Baseball Park, Thornlie.
West Coast Fever play netball in Suncorp Super Netball. Home games are at RAC Arena (Perth Arena underneath the corporate naming rights) in the city centre.
Individual listings can be found in Perth's district articles
Cycle. Perth has excellent bike paths and fantastic weather almost all year round which makes it perfect for cycling. The paths that follow the Swan River are very scenic and mostly flat. You can take your own bike or hire a bicycle from one of the bike hire providers located near the Swan River. (updated Oct 2018)
Perth's parks range from inner-city parks such as Kings Park, Bold Park, and Lake Monger, to outer city parks such as John Forrest and Whiteman Park.
Watch a movie. In addition to the multiplexes showing Hollywood blockbusters at most major shopping centres, there are also some independent or European cinemas, including Paradiso in Northbridge and The Luna cinemas in either Leederville or Fremantle. These cinemas showcase a range of local, Bollywood, French and Italian productions, international film festivals and documentaries throughout the year. If you visit in summer, check out one of the many open air cinemas, located in Kings Park, Movies by Burswood, Luna Leederville, and Mundaring. There's even a rooftop cinema in Northbridge on top of a multi-storey carpark! Perth has one remaining drive-in, located in Kingsley. (updated Oct 2018)
Get out. For a day in Fremantle; great for a walk around without a specific goal in mind or for some light shopping or why not enjoy a meal or coffee and cake whilst soaking in the atmosphere? Don't miss Fremantle Markets. Fremantle Prison, the Maritime Museum, the Round House and the statue of AC/DC's Bon Scott are popular attractions. (updated Oct 2018)
See a concert. Perth has an enormous traditional arts scene. There are many world-class orchestras and opera companies, as well as theatre and jazz. The West Australian Symphony Orchestra is the premier orchestra in Perth and mostly performs every few weeks at the Perth Concert Hall. The WA Opera produces between 4 and 6 operas a year, performing at His Majesty’s Theatre. The WA Ballet also produces 4 ballets a year, most productions are at His Majesty’s. The Ellington Jazz Club is renowned for major acts and local jazz in an intimate setting. Sets are playing almost every day.
Go wine tasting (Wine tour transport services), Swan Valley. Well renowned among locals and tourists alike, the Swan Valley in the hills boasts some of the country's best wineries and micro-breweries. Although the wine is perhaps not as highly regarded by seasoned wine buffs as that produced in regions such as Margaret River, the Swan Valley features the advantage of being close to the city. (updated Sep 2016)
Golf: notable courses are Royal Perth, Maylands and Mount Lawley.
Perth's Bell Tower at Barrack Square.
Take a day trip. As in any place with as low a density as Perth, you will spend a lot of time travelling between the sights. One of the best day trips in Perth is to visit Rottnest Island, a nature reserve off the coast of Fremantle. There is a huge variety of wildlife to see (including the famous Quokka) and opportunities to see whales, dolphins and fur seals off the coast, but this will always depend on the season. Another (closer, cheaper but smaller) option is to visit Penguin Island, home of the "Little Penguins" or "Fairy Penguins", located five minutes off the coast of Rockingham, a 45-minute drive south of Perth. (updated Oct 2018)
Visit Weekend Markets. Sample local produce at Perth's weekend markets. Many weekend markets have appeared driven by demand by local Perth residents for quality goods. The markets normally consist of 20 to 50 individual stalls run by owners/producers/farmers and often specialise as farmers markets (fresh produce), Hawkers markets (street food), general markets (handcrafted wares, clothes, music, gifts etc.), or combinations of these. As opening hours and locations vary regularly, it is best to search online. (updated Oct 2018)
Fremantle Markets are a "Fremantle institution" popular with tourists and locals for local crafts, fresh produce, food, and entertainment. Opens on Friday, Saturday and Sunday and is an easy 8 minute walk from Fremantle train station.
Kalamunda Farmer’s Markets run every Sunday morning in Central Mall in Kalamunda, 30 min from the CBD. Parking is free and plentiful, with a large array of local produce and food for sale. Open 8AM-noon.
Manning Farmers Marketsdead link are popular with locals for fresh local produce, breakfast and coffee. It has more than 50 stalls and is very busy before 10AM. Open Saturday 7:30AM-12:30PM. Regular public transport to Curtin University bus station (followed by a 15-minute walk through the uni grounds).
Perth City Farmers Market focuses on fresh, ethical and sustainable produce. Open Saturday 8AM-noon. 3-minute walk from Claisbrook train station.
Twilight Hawkers Markets have more than 50 food stalls in the centre of the city. Open Friday night 4:30-9:30PM from October to April.
Perth boasts some of Australia's best beaches along the coast, which are ideal for swimming during the warmer months. Sunscreen is essential, and insect repellent may come in handy during the evening. As the beaches are on the open ocean, it is strongly advised that you only 'swim between the flags' at patrolled beaches. Cottesloe Beach is one of Perth's most famous, and a favourite among locals and tourists alike, with its heritage pavilion. It's also the easiest to access via public transport from the nearby Cottesloe station on the Fremantle line, making it the quickest and easiest to get to from the CBD. Scarborough beach is also quite popular and accessible.
Perth is well known for its indie music scene at established venues such as Amplifier Bar, Rosemount, Fly By Night, The Rocket Room and Mojos. The Big Day Out Festival was held in early February every year. Visit YourGigs for upcoming gigs or Perth Indie Bands for a selection of good Perth bands.
Raves and Festivals. If dance music is your thing, many top DJ and electronic music artists will make the trip out to Perth between October and March. Perth is known as the Drum 'n' Bass capital of the southern hemisphere. There is generally a big name artist (or at least a big name local artist) to perform at least once a week. (updated Oct 2018)
Perth is home to several universities, of which the University of Western Australia is part of the prestigious "Group of Eight". All these universities have opportunities for international students to enrol in either as part of their degree programs, or as part of exchange agreements with foreign universities. Other universities located in the Perth metropolitan area are Curtin University, Murdoch University, Edith Cowan University and Notre Dame University.
Individual listings can be found in Perth's district articles
The largest concentration of boutique shops is in the City centre while adjacent Northbridge is the place for niche independent stores. Trendier suburbs such as Mount Lawley, Leederville and Subiaco have a number of offbeat designer fashion stores.
Most of the top end luxury brands like Gucci, Chanel and Louis Vuitton are located on or around King Street in the CBD.
Large shopping complexes located in the outer suburbs, such as in Morley (Galleria), Cannington (Westfield Carousel), Midland (Midland Gate), Joondalup, Booragoon (Westfield Booragoon), Innaloo and Karrinyup have the usual department and chain stores.
Fremantle Markets offers an experience on its own with its over 150 independent stalls.
Shopping hours in the Perth metropolitan area for medium size shops to large supermarket/department stores are:
Sunday and most public holidays 11AM-5PM
Even at the larger shopping centres, many smaller stores do not remain open until 21:00 each night except Thursday, which is the traditional, and still busiest, night for "late night shopping" in Perth. All shops are required to close for Good Friday, Christmas and ANZAC Day.
Small supermarkets such as IGA and other small shops can have more flexible shopping hours (some Petrol stations and small corner stores are open 24 hours).
A 10% Goods and Services Tax is included in listed prices. WaterTown (formerly Harbour Town) is where manufacturers have their factory outlets; some good deals can be found had there. It's walking distance from the centre of Perth, or catch the free Yellow CAT bus.
After Christmas and during June and July, many stores hold big sales with heavy discounting. Nearly all stores are open on Boxing Day, but some are not. Boxing Day sales attract massive crowds, so be prepared for long lines. Department stores like Myer and David Jones can be extremely busy on sale days, and shopping centre car parks reach capacity almost as soon as the doors open. Some retailers have started offering Black Friday deals in November, but this hasn't fully caught on yet.
Individual listings can be found in Perth's district articles
One of Perth's drawbacks is that its people have not embraced late night dining. Very few places will serve food after 10PM, even on Friday or Saturday nights. Most restaurants in Perth do not cater for vegetarians or vegans, and if they do - the range is extremely limited. If you are looking for a place that embraces vegetarian food, Fremantle is great.
There is an extensive array of restaurants in Northbridge. You will find a great selection of Southern European and Asian restaurants. Northbridge gets very busy on Friday and Saturday nights as Perth goes into party mode. Neighbouring Mount Lawley and Highgate also have some good options. Victoria Park has a stretch of restaurants along Albany Hwy which is a fairly steady location with the locals and has a few high quality restaurants, although is lower key and more casual. Northbridge is also home to Perth's Chinatown. As most ethnic Chinese residents of Perth are descended from Malaysian Chinese immigrants, much of the Chinese food is based on Malaysian Chinese food.
Cicerellos Landing, described as a Fremantle institution for a century or so
Fremantle is a good eating option. Famous for its cappuccino strip lined with cafes next door to one another popular with the yuppie crowd. On weekends, a local tradition is to visit the Fisherman's Wharf on warm, sunny weekend evenings for fish and chips. There are a couple of options to choose from close to the beach. Just follow your nose or the seagulls. Further exploring in Fremantle, or "Freo" as it is locally known, can reveal lots of trendy, alternative restaurants that cater for the "careful" eaters. If you care about knowing what it is you are eating, (vegan, preservative free, fair trade, organic), try exploring the Freo markets area, or ask around, they are often not in the "touristy areas". Little Creatures is a decent brewery, but is also a yuppie pub.
If you are looking for a decent fish and chip or seafood dinner, it is typically far more expensive by the coast (where the tourists are), excellent seafood at a better price can be sourced in the central and eastern suburbs.
Subiaco is located a couple of kilometres from the city centre. It is a trendy but fun suburb which features some great food and entertainment, although it can be quite expensive.
Claremont is a suburb on the Fremantle railway line where you will find some good restaurants as well (including authentic Italian), although, again, it can be quite expensive and there is a limited range.
The Swan Valley, especially along West Swan Road contains various wineries, food producers and restaurants with stunning views over the vineyards. Particularly good are The Black Swan Cafe, Duckstein Brewery, Elmar's and The Mallard Duck Cafe.
Kalamunda and other Eastern hills suburbs offer hidden gems of cafes, small shops and food producers in beautiful countryside with stunning city views. Perth locals used to go for picnics and produce festivals in these areas back in the 19th and early 20th century; however as the practice waned with fashions leading towards the coast, it is an excellent place to visit away from the touristy areas for a relaxing or peaceful trip to the bush with fine views and decent food not too far from the city. People often do DIY food tours to local orchards, vineyards, cheesemakers, bakeries and other cottage industries, arts and cafes as its not really organised. Its usually best to visit during Spring or soon after the rains when the forest is at its best.
Guildford has many antique stores (although like all Australian antique markets it is visited by many hundreds of tourists and locals, so real bargains can be rare), but you can get decent cafe morning teas and lunches in some fine old architecture. This area has some of Perths oldest residential houses and grand building museums & cafes. The old theatre now houses a large Asian textile and artworks store worth a visit and a quirky taxidermy museum a few doors down. Alfreds Kitchen is a tiny but legendary burger bar to the locals, who amass in large crowds that opens at night.
Delis can be found scattered throughout the suburbs. These small stores, sometimes located in a converted houses, sell basic household supplies, magazines, and food cooked fresh to order. Menus mostly revolve around fish and chips. Servings are cheap, but can be larger than expected. Cooking times are often different than store hours, so check before hand.
A large Western Rock Lobster (known locally by its former name of crayfish) industry. Most of the crayfish is exported to Asia for vast sums of money. However, crayfish prices in Perth can be relatively cheap, especially during summer in a good season. A chance to give it a try without breaking the bank.
Chilli Mussels are a popular local specialty, consisting of mussels cooked in tomato and chilli jus, available in various restaurants.
Truffles are grown around Mundaring and Manjimup, and hosts an individual truffle festivals at different times in the year.
The nearest wine region to Perth is the Swan Valley which has many wineries, distilleries and breweries. In addition to cellars where you can sample the wines many wineries also have restaurants or cafés for meals. The second most recognized region is the Margaret River region (about a three-hour drive away) which is extremely popular for wine tasting, delicious chocolate and fresh, locally made food and produce. Lesser publicized regions include the Porongurup region which is recognised internationally for its Rieslings, Mount Barker region also produces fine Rieslings and Shiraz.
Individual listings can be found in Perth's district articles
Perth has an abundance of Gloria Jeans, Miss Mauds and Dome stores mainly in the city centre and suburban shopping areas. Clusters of independent European style cafes line the trendy streets of suburbs around the city centre. The most well known place for a decent espresso is the Cafe Strip in Fremantle closely followed by the districts of Subiaco, Leederville and South Perth. Perth culture has a high quality taste for coffee and demands very high standards in product.
Perth has bars scattered throughout the city but most bars are in the CBD, Northbridge, Subiaco, Leederville, Victoria Park, Mount Lawley & Fremantle areas. Bars usually become busy after 5PM with the afterwork crowd, but most locals tend to go to bars on Friday & Saturday nights. The CBD bars in particular get very busy on Friday nights with many of the popular bars forming long entry lines. Most bars open from around 11AM and close midnight (10PM on Sundays), a few bars do have special extended liquor trading hours to 1AM, 2AM, or 3AM. There has been an increase in small bars and bistro dining in niche areas of the CBD. However despite good quality, these are typically expensive, so browse around for a good value evening.
Perth has a small but strong dance music scene which revolves heavily around drum & bass. Club nights and international gigs are held at a variety of venues across the city centre, Northbridge and outer suburbs (check out local street press magazines such as Xpress for gig guides and further info) for a comprehensive gig guide).
Almost all clubs in Western Australia have very strict ID policies and it is highly unlikely that you will get in if you do not have your passport or an ID issued in Australia by a government agency (either an Australian driver's license or proof of age card) with you, even if you definitely look over the legal age. Also most dance music bars/clubs close at 2AM following Friday and Saturday nights and are subjected to Police enforced lockdowns and lockouts (as is the case in Brisbane), so you will find yourself stuck in one place after 3AM, and be stranded should you be short on money for a cab.
Drive Through Liquor Stores. These are usually open until quite late. It is considered polite to park your car outside and walk through if you are intending to browse and take your time. Many Australians enjoy to drink in the comfort of their own home or backyard as much as they enjoy drinking in their favourite pub. (updated Oct 2018)
Fremantle and Subiaco have many pubs and clubs. (see Fremantle listings)
Individual listings can be found in Perth's district articles
Most of Perth's hotels are concentrated in the city centre, the neighbouring suburb of East Perth (between the city centre and the Swan River), and the seaside suburb of Fremantle. Slightly further away, the coastal town of Mandurah, which is easily accessible by Perth's suburban railway system, is a popular weekend getaway for Perth's residents, and has several hotels and beach resorts to cater to that crowd.
Perth is very popular with backpackers, and there are a large number of backpackers' hostels located in the city, particularly in the Northbridge area. A few hostels in Perth are in terrible condition, so make sure to see your room or check the ratings online.
Caravan parks are a cost effective and often good value family way to stay in Perth. Caravan parks are usually some distance from the city, but some have bus stops right out the front door. Caravan parks are generally clean and offer a variety of accommodation types.
Western Australia Police officers on patrol
The main dangers that an overseas visitor to Perth faces are sunburn and dehydration. Make sure you cover yourself with SPF 30+ sunscreen and a hat, and preferably a shirt. In the warmer months, beware of dehydration in the hot weather, and keep a bottle of water with you. An insect repellent such as 'Aeroguard' will be useful on summer evenings if you are outdoors.
Police are generally friendly and approachable. To contact the police, ambulance or fire brigade emergency service is "000" on the phone for emergencies. "☏ 131 444 (domestic)" is the recommended number for 24/7 Police assistance and general enquiries.
Perth is generally a safe city, with crime rates lower than those of Sydney and Melbourne. However, there are still some areas best avoided late at night, such as Armadale and Midland, which have higher crime rates due to being more economically depressed. The Armadale Line of Transperth Trains is known for its particularly high crime rates, so you should avoid taking it late at night. Otherwise, most violent crime in Perth is fuelled by alcohol, so be very care when in bars and nightclubs, and stay clear of trouble.
Trains are generally safe with transit guards travelling in pairs, patrolling most scheduled trains after peak hour. All train stations have a time to next train and an emergency button which can be used to call transit guards should the need arise. All stations have live monitored cameras and these can be activated by the simple push of the emergency button. In the train, there are "talk to driver" buttons in every carriage, but some older trains do not have them on every door. You can also call Transperth Security directly on ☏ +61 8 9220 9999. The Midland and Armadale lines have higher crime rates than other lines, so exercise extra caution on these lines at all times, especially at night.
The bus network is generally safe, but after hours can be a little more dangerous than the train network. Some bus routes have limited security patrols available, and some routes have had more than their share of anti social behaviour.
If you have to travel by bus at night, sit as close to the driver as possible and if a problem develops, tell the driver. Often incidents on buses continue for much longer than they should because no one asks the bus driver for assistance.
Exercise caution when crossing the road at pedestrian crossings, walking along the footpath at the entry/exit point of parking lots or when crossing the street at a T-intersection.
Though pedestrians have the legal right of way, some motorists choose to ignore this rule. In the case of pedestrian crossings, cars should slow down for you though caution is advisable. If you do not notice a car slowing down, do not begin to cross. It is usually best to follow the lead of the locals and to move as a group.
Similarly if you are driving a car, you can often encounter people crossing the road at traffic lights who make no allowances for waiting for the lights to be to their advantage, and who will walk across the road when it seems the most inappropriate time. Look out for pedestrians who walk in front of you when you have a green light.
Driving in Perth can be straightforward, as its highways tend to connect at various nodes making navigation easy. However, avoid travelling during business rush hour (7-9AM and 4-6PM), particularly in summer or on hot days. Many of Perth's major roads were not designed for the volume of traffic it now faces with high population growth. Perth drivers are increasingly known for being inconsiderate to other drivers on the roads during these times, which has also caused increased delays due to accidents.
There are a few rules to take care of while driving in Western Australia. When stopped at a railway crossing, do not proceed until the flashing lights have stopped even if the boom gate has fully lifted as fines are issued. There is a lower tolerance towards speeding so even a small excess over the road limit may warrant in an infringement and or fine. It is not mandatory or always observed, however it is polite to keep a gap at an unmarked road crossing when stuck in traffic to allow access for turning vehicles. If you have noticed the lane next to you leave a gap in these places, it is polite do the same. It is always wise to take great care during merging traffic lanes, especially during rush hour (as per the above paragraph). Buses do have right of way when entering traffic and occasionally often pull out with little warning.
Australians are allowed to overtake on the inside lane.
All embassies are in the capital of Canberra, which is much closer to Sydney than Perth.
China, 45 Brown St, East Perth, ☏ +61 8 92220333, fax: +61 8 92216144, chinaconsul_per_au@mfa.gov.cn. (updated Oct 2018)
Greece, Level 9, 16 St.George's Terrace, ☏ +61 8 9325-6608, fax: +61 8 9325-2940, grcon.per@mfa.gr. (updated Oct 2018)
Indonesia, 134 Adelaide Terrace, East Perth, ☏ +61 8 9221 5858, perth.kjri@kemlu.go.id. (updated Jan 2018)
United States, 16 St. Georges Terrace, ☏ +61 8 9202-1224, fax: +61 8 9231-9444. (updated Oct 2018)
India, 12 St Georges Terrace, ☏ +61 8 9221 4205. (updated Oct 2018)
United Kingdom, 251 Adelaide Terrace, ☏ +61 8 9224-4700. (updated Oct 2018)
New Zealand, 1 Sleat Road, Applecross, ☏ +61 8 9364-1700, info@nzconsulateperth.com. (updated Oct 2018)
Vietnam, Level 8, No. 16 St Georges Terrace, ☏ +61 8 9221-1158, vnconsulate.perth@gmail.com. (updated Oct 2019)
Toodyay is a historical town on the Avon river, with regular festivals. It's a favourite place for day trips and overnight getaways from Perth, and once the home of Bushranger Moondyne Joe.
Hyden is the closest town to Wave Rock, a granite rock formation that looks like a large breaking wave.
Heading south, Margaret River (three hours from Perth) has some of the world's best wines. Good food and pristine beaches make the South West region a favourite destination. It's an ideal weekend getaway.
Heading north, follow Coastal Highway 60 to Pinnacles Desert in Nambung National Park. Other places of interest are Jurien Bay, Cervantes with its odd stromatalites, and (poorly signposted just past Cervantes) Lesueur National Park for wildflowers.
Cervantes is about the northern limit of a day-trip from Perth. From here on it becomes a road trip, and there's an awful lot of Australia ahead of you. Places within a day or so's drive are Dongara, Geraldton, Kalbarri National Park, Shark Bay and Monkey Mia, Carnarvon, and Exmouth & Coral Bay for Ningaloo Reef. And still the road stretches on ahead across this vast red continent.
→ Midland, Northam → Kalgoorlie
→ Midland, Northam → Eucla
This city travel guide to Perth has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!