Phuket (ภูเก็ต), pronounced (roughly) "puh-KET", is Thailand's largest island. It is 48 km in length, 21 km at its widest, and is in Southern Thailand, on the west-facing Andaman Sea coastline, suspended from the southern tip of Phang Nga province by a pair of short but substantial road bridges.
Phuket Town — the administrative centre of the province with the cheapest accommodation
Cape Panwa — home to Phuket Aquarium
Chalong Bay — home to Phuket's most popular yacht anchorage and the primary gateway to the islands off Phuket
Karon — the second most-developed beach after Patong, split into Karon Yai and Karon Noi Beaches
Laem Sing — small bay with stunning views, between Kamala and Surin Beaches
Mai Khao — many posh resorts, Thai villages, and restaurants, very quiet and far away from it all
Patong — the largest and most popular beach resort known for its nightlife
Rawai — jumping off point for lots of local islands, popular with locals for eating on the beach
Surin — an up-and-coming upmarket destination
Ko Bon — 10 minutes from Rawai, an ideal island for a day of snorkelling and relaxing
Ko Hae — 15 minutes by speedboat from Chalong Bay, accessible all year
Ko Maphrao — fishery villages, walking along nature trails, fishing and biking
Ko Lon — quiet, mostly Muslim island with a few bungalows
Ko Mai Thon — gorgeous little island with only one (expensive) place to stay
Ko Racha — two islands (Yai and Noi), popular with scuba divers and a relaxing snorkelling destination
Ko Sire — sea Gypsy colony, connected to the mainland by a causeway
Phra Taew National Park — Phuket's last significant virgin rain forest
Bang Thao. long, very quiet beach
Kamala. a quieter beach to the north of Patong
Kata. busy, clean tourist beach with good surf, also includes Kata Noi, its quieter sister
Nai Thon and Nai Yang. two quiet beaches in Sirinat National Park
Nai Han. somewhat quieter beach (probably the best) in the south, near Laem Phromthep view point
Ya Nui. Thers's good snorkelling on a shallow reef that juts out from the beach. Tucked between Phromthep Cape and Rawai, Ya Nui Beach is small but perfectly formed. Steep headlands at either end hem in this slice of sand which is visited by gentle waves from Dec-Mar. However, the onset of the monsoon season brings with it crashing surf and swimming during these months is not advised.
Phuket lies in balmy Andaman Sea waters on Thailand's Indian Ocean coastline, 862 km south of Bangkok. The island-province enjoys great popularity as a travel destination. Most beaches are on the west coast, with Phuket Town to the southeast and the airport in the north.
Phuket used to derive its wealth from tin and rubber, and enjoys a rich and colourful history. The island was on one of the major trading routes between India and China, and was frequently mentioned in foreign traders' ship's logs. Phuket's top earner now is tourism, which has transformed the island into Thailand's wealthiest province. Expect prices to be a bit higher than on the mainland.
The west coast of Phuket was hit severely by the Indian Ocean tsunami of December 2004, but almost no evidence of the damage remains.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmCheck Phuket's 7 day forecast at TMD.go.th
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Phuket is hot and humid throughout the year. The hot season is generally considered to be from Mar to early May. During the summer monsoon season from May-Oct, mornings and afternoons are sunny and clear, but it tends to rain in the evenings and water clarity goes down. Locals consider Nov-Feb the "cool" season, and the weather is quite tolerable. It's comparable to Florida's summer weather in temperature and intensity of rain storms: 25-33 degrees Celsius, scudding clouds, short and thunderous rainfalls in the afternoons and evenings. Surfing is possible off the western beaches.
Phuket is a melange of Buddhists, Thai-Chinese, Muslims, and Moken people. The majority of the population in the rural areas are Muslim. Outside of the provincial towns, the rural folk speak with a thick Southern dialect which is difficult for even other Thais to understand. The booming tourist economy over the past decade has led to many young people leading lives similar to those in Bangkok. Altogether, the lifestyle of the urban Thai-Chinese resembles that of their Bangkok brethren.
Phuket International Airport (HKT IATA) (is in the northwest of the island). This compact airport is Thailand's second largest hub, second only to Bangkok.
There are very frequent flights from Bangkok and direct flights to many other airports in the region. A wide variety of airlines have year-round direct flights to Phuket from elsewhere in Asia, as well as the Middle East, India, and Australia. Other destinations (mostly in Europe) have seasonal charter flights.
The airport is notionally divided into Terminals 1 and 2, with some charter and low-cost operators using the second, but these are only a short distance apart and connected by an air-conditioned walkway.
Australia - Jetstar flies from Melbourne and Sydney.
Cambodia - Thai AirAsia flies from Siem Reap
China - Lots of flights including from Beijing, Zhengzhou, Shenzhen, Xi'an, and Kunming.
Hong Kong - Cathay Pacific, HK Express and Air Asia (resuming March 2023) run flights
India - IndiGo flies from Bangalore, Delhi and Mumbai. Go First flies from all those locations and Kolkata too.
Malaysia - FireFly flies from Penang, using small ATR turboprop aircraft. AirAsia, Batik Air Malaysia and Malaysia Airlines have flights from Kuala Lumpur. Qatar Airways also operates daily flights from Kuala Lumpur.
Qatar - Qatar Airways operates direct daily flights from Doha
Singapore - Thai AirAsia, Singapore Airlines and their low-cost brand, Scoot as well as Jetstar Asia fly there.
Taiwan - EVA Air operates non-stop flights from Taipei to Phuket.
Switzerland - Edelweiss Air operates seasonal direct flights from Zurich.
South Korea - Asiana Airlines flies non-stop from Seoul with connections from New York. Jin Air and Korean Airways also fly direct from Seoul.
Vietnam - VietJet Air and Vietnam Airlines fly from Ho Chi Minh City.
There are many charter flights in high season from European and Asian countries. Many charter flights from Russia are suspended, as of Nov 2022.
Several domestic airlines fly here, including Nok Air, Thai Air Asia, Bangkok Airways and Thai VietJet Air.
Thai Airways flies from Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi Airport several times every day, and once daily from Chiang Mai (but there are no direct flights in the opposite direction). Additionally, they sell tickets from/to many domestic and international destinations with stopovers in Bangkok, which are usually cheaper (especially international) than if you book separate tickets. Worth checking if you book just a few days before flight, as low-cost airlines may cost just a few less in this situation, but you get world-famous Thai Airways service.
Air Asia fly from Phuket to Chiang Mai direct, twice a day at 10:35 and 19:20, affording an opportunity to combine a beach holiday with experiencing the wildlife and exotic cultures of northern Thailand. From Chiang Mai to Phuket flights depart at 13:00 and 21:45. They fly from two cities in Isaan as well, daily from Udon Thani (handy for a trip into Laos) and four times per week from Ubon Ratchathani.
Bangkok Airways has a monopoly on direct flights between Phuket and U-Tapao (Pattaya/Sattahip) and Ko Samui. They also have 6 daily flights from Bangkok. Fares are usually the same as Thai Airways, but sometimes they have very inexpensive promotional fares.
Thai Airways International and Bangkok Airways fly to Suvarnabhumi (pronounced: soo-Var-na-phoom), whereas Nok Air flies from Don Mueang Airport. This may be of importance when you have a connecting flight.
To get from the airport to your destination, there are several options:
The Phuket Smart Bus connects the airport with Rawai Beach and all points in between along the west coast. Fares are 100 baht. This is also an excellent way to get around the west coast.
It's air conditioned and operates every day 08:30 - 18:30 with hourly departures. From the airport to its terminus at Phuket Town bus station costs 100 baht (Nov 2022) and takes 1 hours. Local buses run from there and Ranong St Market to all the major beaches until around 18:00. After getting off the bus just cross the street and wait for the continuing bus there. It is a very convenient and comfortable spot, with no touts or hustlers, plenty of shade and a minimart for drinks and snacks. The bus will stop anywhere along its route upon signalling the driver. See Airport Bus Phuket.
If you are going to take the municipal airport bus from Phuket to the airport in the afternoon (especially the 16:30 and 17:30 buses) you should allow yourself plenty of time. With dozens of schoolchildren getting on and off during weekdays and/or congested traffic the bus is frequently delayed en route.
They are basically door-to-door shared taxis and a good value. They will get you to your destination much faster than the municipal/government buses. E.g. to Phuket town, to Patong and to Kata Beach. When you get off the plane, don't dally, because when the minibuses fill up, they leave. If you miss the first group of them, you may have to wait until the next plane comes in, because they don't leave until they're full.
The minibuses will stop at a travel agent about halfway to Patong. They'll ask everyone to get out (you don't have to) and then they'll ask you where you're staying, and they'll try to sell you a hotel or overpriced tours on the guise that they are a government agency. You're not obligated to use the hotels they push. Just say you already booked a hotel, and tell them the name. (If you don't yet have a hotel, just say "Holiday Inn".) They will inform the driver, and he/she will drop you off at the hotel. This is a little annoying, but it's over in 10 minutes, and you're on your way again. Any travel agent can arrange a minibus ride for the way back to the airport.
Aka "Taxi Meter" - Turn right as you exit the airport building (ignore the touts) and you'll see a stand at the end of the walkway. Tell your destination to the staff at the stand and they will give you a paper with the taxi driver number for you to keep in case you need to report a problem. The rate is what is displayed by the meter plus the airport fee. You may stumble upon a freelance taxi driver who will take you from the airport to Patong for a flat fee. If the driver is pleasant, you may wish to ask for his mobile number for the return trip later.
They are expensive. The airport co-op booth tucked away towards the back is a little cheaper than the competition. Despite the name, most "limousines" are Toyota Camrys with leather seats, though you may get a Mercedes. It is also likely that your limousine will stop at a travel agent in order to sell you hotel rooms and/or tours. Before you purchase your fare, insist that you do not want to stop at any travel agency along the way. (They will try to legitimise stopping at the travel agency by insisting that "the driver must sign in" or "the driver needs to stop here for directions")
There are no direct train services to Phuket. But many trains leave from Bangkok central station going south. The most comfortable are the sleeper trains. Travellers by train disembark at Phun Phin railway station near the city of Surat Thani and continue for another 5 hours by regular bus to Phuket. Do not buy the bus ticket until you actually see the bus and can make sure it is not standing room only, as it picks up passengers at the popular Ko Samui ferry. If full, wait for the next one.
A bus bound for Hat Yai
Buses to mainland destinations including Bangkok, Chumphon, Hat Yai, Krabi, Phang Nga, Ranong, Satun, Sungai Kolok and Surat Thani use the BKS terminal off Phang Nga Rd in Phuket Town.
The most reliable buses from Bangkok are the public BKS buses from the Southern Bus Terminal to Phuket. The journey takes 13 hours. There are also some private bus companies, Phuket Travel Tour, Phuket Central Tour, and Phuket Travel Service. Khao San Road operations have a bad reputation for theft, often turn out to include a "surprise" transfer to a minibus at Surat Thani, and are best avoided.
From Phuket bus terminal to your final destination, you can take a motorcycle taxi, tuk-tuk, meter-taxi, or bus.
A local bus goes to the main beaches. It's not unusual for the tuk-tuk drivers at the bus terminal to tell arriving travellers that the local bus service has finished, even though it hasn't. The bus stop is near the market in the old town. From Bus Terminal 1, make a right onto Phang Nga Rd. Continue down Phang Nga until it terminates at Yaowarat Rd, then turn left. Within a few steps you will see a roundabout. Once at the roundabout, keep right. By keeping right, you will find Ranong Rd. Within 100–200 m you will find the local bus stop.
There are two bus terminals in Phuket; a small, old one in town, and one huge modern one 4 km north of town. You can take a 10 baht pink songthaew (leaves every 30 minutes) between the two. There are also 3 regular songthaew lines within Phuket Town, and both bus stations are served by them. There is a very useful big map just outside the bus stations (look where the taxis are waiting at the old bus station, and at the very rear, not towards the entrance, at the new bus station) that displays the three songthaew routes within Phuket town. Last one at 19:00.
Before exiting the Phuket bus terminal, grab a free Phuket map from the information window. While supplies may always not be on hand, the map is a great way to get your bearing before jumping-off.
Phuket is directly connected to the mainland by the Sarasin Bridge. From Bangkok, take Hwy 4 through Nakhon Pathom, Prachuap Khiri Khan, Chumphon, through Ranong province’s Kra Buri and Kapoe districts, Phang Nga Province’s Takua Pa and Thai Muang districts and onto Phuket Island. The total distance is 862 km. You may be better off getting to Phuket by public transport and renting a car on the island.
A boat ride from Phuket to Phi Phi
Ferry services connect from Rassada Port in Phuket Town to Ko Phi Phi and to Krabi Province on the mainland twice a day, taking 90 to 120 minutes. It's usually a pleasant ride, but can be rather bumpy when it's windy.
From the harbour, you could avoid the minibuses and take a songthaew to Phuket Town. If it doesn't show up at the bus stop right outside the terminal, you'll have to walk past the gate outside the harbour and along the road, turning left at the first T-junction, about 600 m, then on the main road you can catch a cheap songthaew. There's a picture of all the routes posted just outside the terminal near the bus stop inside the complex. Last one leaves at 19:00.
There are speedboats from/to Ko Racha (45 minutes), Phi Phi (1 -  hours), the Similan Islands (about 3 hours) and other islands. Boats and yachts can be chartered all year from Phuket at Chalong Bay, Rawai Beach, the Boot Lagoon, the Yacht Haven and Royal Phuket Marina. Boats from Phi Phi and Phang Nga can be found by visiting the local beaches. A search for Phuket speedboat charters will turn up many companies providing inter-island charters and services.
Phi Phi speedboat transfers (no tour) are provided by the Zeavola Resort, which has dedicated speedboats for Phi Phi transfers. Most companies doing Phi Phi speedboat tours will not accommodate transfers that include baggage due to space limitations.
Prices for speedboat charters to/from Phuket depend on distance/size of boat.
It's possible to visit Phuket by cruise ship. However with the collapse of Star Cruises, the main operator, options are severely limited. As of Feb 2023, no cruise ships are scheduled to visit.
Phuket is a large island and you need some form of transport to get around. Luckily, there are a variety of transport options for various budgets. Hotels generally offer shuttle bus services into Phuket Town, and also have taxi and car hire facilities.
This is the cheapest public transport in Phuket. Within Phuket Town buses run pink, and beyond, to other beaches and areas, go blue. Almost all buses display their destination in English.
Pink - fare 15 baht. The bus runs from 6:30 to 20:30.
The route number is indicated on the windshield on the left side
Blue - ticket Price depends on the distance and route: 20-50 baht. The bus runs from 7:00 to 18:00. On the windshield (or above it) is written the name of the final stop of this route
Since the bus has no actual stops, you need to "catch" it with your hand raised up. You can exit at any point of the route-you will need to press the button on the ceiling.
Phuket has a very convenient and comfortable bus: the Phuket Smart bus. This will take you anywhere you need to go along the entire West coast.
Fares were from 50 to 170 baht. As of Nov 2022, the cost of the bus has been lowered to THB 100 / trip, regardless of where you board and depart. Thanks to this bus, you can not only get from the airport to the beach, but also get between the main beaches of the Western part of the island. On the first trip you need to buy a reloadable electronic ticket, which is called Phuket Rabbit card. It costs 300 baht, of which 100 baht is the cost of the card itself, which is not refundable, and 200 baht in credit. You can travel if the card amount is at least 170 baht. The card is valid for 7 years.
The minimum fare is 200 baht. The cost of an hour of rent will be 200 baht. At the same time it can accommodate up to 4 - 8 people. At night, fares go up by around 50%.
The fare starts from 20 baht for 1-2 km, they are almost at every corner. Drivers are dressed in brightly coloured and numbered vests
In any tour office both in the international and domestic terminal of Phuket airport you will be offered a taxi to the desired hotel / beach. You just pay the full amount of the trip, you are given a receipt, which indicates the number of the car, go to the Parking lot, look for a car with the specified number and you're on your way.
Taxi meter (taxi meter)
If you leave the airport building on the street, you will see a counter where you can take a taxi. Rates are as follows:
first 2 km: 50 baht flat fee
next 2-15 km: 12 baht per km
next 10 km: 15 baht per km
Uber or Grab. You can also book in advance for a certain date and time.
Bike rental locations are located in almost every quarter. Standard rental price - from 300 baht (the cost of rent depends on the duration and model). An International Driving Permit (IDP) is required for vehicle rental, with a motorcycle endorsement if renting a motorbike, the IDP must match the license class of the home country of issue and must be appropriate to the vehicle being used; both documents must be carried. The IDP is seldom requested by the person renting you the vehicle but will be required (along with the vehicle's STNK registration papers). If you're stopped by the police typically a "fine" will allow you to keep driving but this strategy will quickly unravel if there is an accident involving damage or injury. An IDP is easily obtainable from motoring clubs in your home country such as the AA in New Zealand and the UK and the AAA in Australia and the US. When you rent you need a passport or a deposit. Be cautious to leave your passport with the renter. Getting theft and/ damage insurance on your rented scooter or motorbike is also an issue as 99% of the companies renting out motorbikes or scooters do not offer this. If you want your rented motorcycle or scooter to be insured against theft and/or damages, Bikago is the only motorbike rental agency in Phuket offering this, as of June 2023.
Anyone over the age of 20 can rent a car in Phuket, either at the airport or at various beaches. The longer the rental period, the lower the price per day. Standard rental price - from 600 baht (the cost of rent depends on the duration and model). To rent a car you will need a passport. Use discretion about letting the rental agency keep your passport, and check to see what insurance is available and what it covers you for.
For those wishing to make regular boat trips, to travel from Phuket to other places, there is a great opportunity to rent a boat or yacht. Depending on the need, you can use a small boat with a outboard motor, a boat with an average capacity of five to eight people or a real pleasure yacht.
Hitchhiking would be delightful if it weren't for the taxi mafia. Any car can double as a taxi. Mention at least 3 times that you're not going to pay: "no money". "Free ride". "No taxi". Ask if this is clear to the driver. If the driver later on still insists on money, be sure to move on before they get their corrupt police friends involved.
Phuket is one of Thailand's premier tourist destinations and (basic) English is widely spoken, especially in the beach areas. That said, even a little Thai will draw smiles and can be useful in the less frequented areas of Phuket. There are also a number of Thai language courses on the island for those who wish to take their language skills to the next level.
Individual listings can be found in Phuket's district articles
Phuket is known the world over for its beaches. There is a wide variety of beaches, some calm, some totally ruined by millions of visitors each year. But you can explore the interior of Phuket, a fertile hilly expanse that consists of mangrove forests, fishing villages, rubber and pineapple plantations, small Muslim communities and shrimp farms.
Swimming, snorkeling, diving, yachting, sailing, jet-skiing and parasailing are among the more popular activities on the island. Other activities include freediving, windsurfing, kite surfing, wakeboarding, and deep sea fishing. Popular kite surfing locations include Nai Yang in summer and Chalong Bay in winter season. Sea canoeing is a popular activity in Phang Nga Bay, as many grottoes are only accessible by canoe. Sailing Regattas include the Kings Cup in December, Pangna Bay Regatta normally in February and Phuket Raceweek in July.
Phuket has some decent dive sites. Most dive sites are off nearby islands, but distances are fairly short and there are dozens of dive shops and boats to cater to your needs, most based near Chalong Bay. The reefs in the area are in a healthy condition with both solid hard corals and colourful soft corals. There is also an abundance of marine life. Most of the dive locations are suitable for all levels of divers, but there are also some that are quite deep.
The most well-known dive site in the Phuket area is Racha Yai with its sloping rocky reefs and its abundance of solid coral forests. It is home to Ter Bay where there is an exciting wreck in the depths of 25–35 m. The island south of Racha Yai, Racha Noi, is a haven for experienced divers as the depths are greater and the currents stronger. The overall topography is strikingly different from Racha Yai with huge granite boulders. The diving in Racha Noi compared to Racha Yai is definitely more challenging but the rewards are greater.
Just off Phuket, is the limestone island of Ko Doc Mai that soars vertically from the seabed. It is home to a diverse fish and offers the opportunity to view leopard sharks, moray eels, octopus, and turtles. Phuket can also function as a base for dives further afield, such as Ko Phi Phi. Diving in Phuket's warm clear blue waters is best from mid-Oct-May, when the calm seas and rain-free days make Phuket diving great.
Snuba Diving is the safest and easiest way to try diving on holiday in Phuket. The word Snuba is a portmanteau of "snorkel" and "scuba". The swimmer uses swim fins, a diving mask, weights, and diving regulator as in scuba diving. The air, however, instead of coming from tanks strapped to the diver's back, comes through a long hose from tanks on pontoon rafts on the surface. No certification required, children 8+, just like SCUBA diving except easier. Snuba trips go to most Phuket dive sites. No heavy equipment to wear, no long classes, maximum depth of 7 m. Professional dive guides accompany each group.
Phuket is a leading dive centre in Thailand and has become a freediving hotspot. It is the home of the area's only AIDA instructor training centre. Most freediving trips go out with scuba dive boats to well-trafficked dive sites, but some freediving off the beach is also possible. The local operators are usually very happy to find like-minded divers and will happily give pointers.
There are many muay Thai camps on the island offering instruction to visitors. There are courses available for people of different levels of fitness, and those who train hard may be given the option to fight. Chalong Bay and Rawai especially is home to almost a dozen muay Thai gyms. If you're interested in a one-day lesson or a six month training stint, it's a good place to look.
Phuket has become a sailing and yachting centre of Thailand and adjacent countries. It's the home of Cape Panwa Hotel Phuket Raceweek, King's Cup Regatta, Phang Nga Bay Regatta, the Phuket International Boat Show (PIMEX)dead link, four marinas, and the Phuket Yacht Club (PYC). Well-sheltered anchorages teem with yachts. The marinas are all on the east side of the island, which makes them an ideal starting point to explore the natural wonders of Phang Nga Bay. An entire fleet of traditional junk-rigged boats is berthed there, offering day trips. One company that offers private charter tours is Lamoet.
Snorkelling can be enjoyed in sheltered bays all around Phuket. It is particularly enjoyable at easily accessible reefs at Patong, Karon and Kata Beaches. Fins, mask, and snorkel can be rented on a daily basis from shops all over the island. Full and half day trips are available to the islands surrounding Phuket. Most popular are Ko Hae, Ko Racha Yai, Ko Khai (a hidden gem in Phang Nga Bay), and Ko Phi Phi. There are many tours available at very cheap rates and speedboats will be filled with up to 65 people. Research your options before signing up for any tour.
Snorkeling trips to Racha & Phi Phi Islands
Agencies sell all-inclusive day trips from all over Phuket. Quality and safety seem to correlate with prices paid. The lower-end speedboat tours take approximately 30-35 passengers per 2-engine speedboat and 50-60 passengers on 3-engine speedboats. Very cheap tours take over 100 people in a speedboat. The higher-end tours take approx 15 to 18 passengers on 2-engine speedboats. Insist on knowing the exact number of guests that will be on the boat. Keep in mind that tour desks will tell you anything to get your money, as they receive up to 65% commissions from the lower-end tours. It is always best to contact the dive company directly to ensure that you are getting what you pay for.
The more people on the boat, the longer it takes to get on and off at each stop, thus lowering the amount of time you get to spend off the boat. A packed boat is not very fun or safe when there are large waves.
Private companies providing small group tours are few. Can only be booked direct). The tours include stops at all the major sights, higher quality lunches (from picnic to seaside sit-down restaurant meals), full sets of snorkelling gear, minibus transport, fresh tropical fruits, snacks & drinks on board, foreign owner/guide, small groups, attention to safety, and national park fee. Prices vary based on services, amenities and extras are provided.
Phuket Town is a source of cultured pearls, niello ware, pewter ware, ornaments and dried seafood. Specialist shops dealing in souvenir products can be found on Ratsada, Phang Nga, Montri, Yaowarat, and Tilok-U-Thit Rd, in Phuket Town, Thepkasattri Rd, north of town and at the beach centres of Patong, Kata, Karon, and Rawai.
Phuket's larger beaches are ravaged by ravenous hordes of tailors, who are certainly cheap, but will screw you over if they can. For example, suits done in 24 hours are usually just glued together and will fall apart the first time you take them to a dry cleaner. Choose your own fabrics (you can buy them on Thalang Rd in Phuket Town), insist on multiple fittings and check the quality of work carefully. It makes little difference which tailor shop you choose, since they're all just sales fronts for a few central sweatshops.
There are two giant shopping malls in Phuket: Central Festival, at the northwest edge of Phuket Town, and Jungceylon, in Patong.
There is a night market that opens from Th-Su, a couple of traffic lights past the Central Festival shopping mall. You can buy many things from clothes to jewellery to sunglasses. A great place to visit during your stay.
A small store without a name in Latin letters can be found on Ranong street opposite the market hall and 7-Eleven West of the small roundabout. Standard commodities can be bought there in large quantities (e.g. 12 pack of mosquito repellent, 3 pack of SPF50 sun screen, 5 pack of shower gel) for a discount.
Individual listings can be found in Phuket's district articles
Food in Phuket is surprisingly cosmopolitan, especially in Patong, as many foreigners have set up shop to cater to their fellow travellers. All the usual Thai favourites are of course still available, with a particular emphasis on seafood. See the individual town articles for detailed listings.
Phuket has its own style of preparation and cooking. Some interesting local dishes include:
Fried or boiled noodle dishes (หมี่ผัดหรือหมี่น้ำแบบต่าง ๆ), usually with pork or chicken, are available at many noodle shops in Phuket Town such as Mi Ton Pho, Mi Sapam, Mi Ao Ke, Mi Hun Pa Chang.
Khanom Jin (ขนมจีน), a version of noodles eaten at breakfast, usually served with a spicy curry sauce and fresh vegetables.
Nam Phrik Kung Siap (น้ำพริกกุ้งเสียบ) is a mixture of dried chili and smoked shrimp eaten with various fresh vegetables.
Cashew nuts and pineapples are grown in Phuket and available all year round. The nuts are available dried, fried, or coated. Phuket pineapples are some of the most delectable, sweet and firm available.
Bars at Bangla Road, Patong
Individual listings can be found in Phuket's district articles
Phuket has a vibrant nightlife, second only to Pattaya among Thailand's beach resorts. Patong's is by far the busiest of the lot. There are plenty of other bars, discos, clubs and activities catering to every taste, from pastor to sex-tourist.
Individual listings can be found in Phuket's district articles
There are lots of options available in Phuket. But for the more popular hotels and resorts in the better locations you should book at least a couple months in advance during high season (Nov-May). The best rates are usually found on-line and many hotels offer best rate guarantees when you book direct. Most of the time you will pay more if you walk in and take the rack-rate.
There are 5 main areas for tourists to stay in Phuket. Patong is the most popular due to its active nightlife, street markets and calm water beaches however this area isn’t for everyone (especially people with families). The quieter areas include Kata, Karon, Rawai and Nai Yang, all with great markets and quieter beach areas.
If you want to send mail, post offices and parcel services are widely available. In Phuket Town, there is a post office at the corner of Phang Nga Rd and Montri Rd. In Patong, there is one at the appropriately named Soi Post Office, a side-street of Thavee Wong Rd (near Molly Malone's).
You can usually pick up a free Thai SIM card at the airport in the baggage claim area. Look around for a booth or a kiosk. You can also pre-purchase a Thai SIM card online or purchase one at one of the many phone shops all over Phuket. Pay phones are uncommon, as most Thais have mobile phones. Phuket has very good mobile phone coverage. Mobile Internet is available from all providers. The area code for Phuket is 076. Dial 0 if you're calling from within Thailand.
There is a wide array of international newspapers and magazines at some bookstores in Phuket Town and Patong. You can also follow local English radio through the website of Phuket FM Radio and on  FM.
Particularly in the summer monsoon season, there are strong currents on many of the beaches and drownings are a depressingly common occurrence. Four tourists died during a single 3-day stretch in June 2009. Heed the warning flags on popular beaches and play it safe if off the beaten track.
Crime as of late has definitely increased in the Phuket area among farangs (Westerners) and you should keep this in mind and be vigilant of anyone who wants to befriend you or trick you into gambling (which is illegal) or anything else you consider out of the ordinary. Katoeys (ladyboys) are notorious for pick-pocketing as you walk around the tourist areas at night. Also muggings take place on a regular basis. Avoid walking down unlit sois; stick to the main roads. If something looks/sounds too good to be true, it surely is.
Tourist police can be contacted locally by dialing 1155. They have a good basic understanding of English (many are farangs), so if you're in trouble these people should be contacted first. Thai police speak hardly any English and normally take the side of the locals even if at fault. Always insist on the Tourist Police if you have any run-in with the Thai Police. Use only metered taxis and ask hotels to call, take down driver license plate and taxi license number before you get in. You can use the receipt from a taxi to complain to police or find lost property, so take a receipt and license numbers.
Don't overstay your visa! Two offices in Phuket can extend your visa: one in Phuket Town and one in Patong. The extension is valid for extra 30 days of the departure date stamped in your passport. The cost is 1900 baht. You'll need to provide a passport-sized photo. The Immigration Office in Phuket Town is at the end of Phuket Road near the pier.
A handful of establishments in the touristy nightlife areas have more than one menu: a normal menu, and an absurdly overpriced menu. Both menus contain the exact same items, except the overpriced menu tends to double, if not triple, the prices stated on the regular menu. Upon sitting down, waitresses may elect to bring you one or the other, depending on how touristy/intoxicated you or your groups looks. There are reports of tourists going to an establishment one night and returning the following night, only to see that the prices have doubled. This may be tricky to catch, especially if it's your first time at the establishment. Since the establishments that employ this practice are in the more expensive tourist areas, don't expect the best prices to begin with, but if something seems absolutely ridiculous, such as 500-1000 baht for a cocktail, either leave or ask whoever is serving you politely about the high prices. If you play your cards right, your server may eventually bring out the less expensive menu or offer lower prices. Be especially careful of this menu tactic during the high season (summer), at crowded venues, at the seedier venues, and on weekends. One way to avoid this is to dress down slightly and not wear flashy/expensive clothes and jewelry.
The nightlife area is full of many very pushy club promoters on the street waving all sorts of incredibly attractive drink offers in your face in order to get you to come to their bar/club. Unfortunately, a decent amount of these offers are scams and have strings attached in one way or the other. For example, certain promoters may claim that their bar is offering 25 baht beers and shots all night long. While they will honor the drink deal, you will be charged an absurd entrance fee of around 1500 baht per person on your bill. Refusing to pay once you have already consumed may lead to the staff members getting angry and aggressive. When talking to club promoters in the nightlife area, it is absolutely necessary that you first not accept any deal that is simply too good to be true, and second to ask as many questions as possible before accepting any deal plus state that you will not accept or pay for any expense that was not discussed. Even if the club promoter promises certain terms to you, be sure you confirm the terms with whoever is serving you once you get inside to make sure there is no miscommunication and everyone is on the same page.
Tap water should be regarded as non-potable. Liquids from sealed bottles nearly always are, and should be used wherever possible, for example, when brushing your teeth. Bars and restaurants universally purchase ice made from purified water.
Bangkok Hospital Phuket (โรงพยาบาลกรุงเทพภูเก็ต), ☏ 1719, +66 76 354062.
Phuket International Dental Center, ☏ +1 303 500 3821.
Mission Hospital (โรงพยาบาลมิชชั่น), ☏ +66 76 23722026, fax: +66 76 211907. Emergency call 076 237227.
Patong-Kathu Hospital (โรงพยาบาลป่าตอง-กะทู้), ☏ +66 76 342633-4, fax: +66 76 340617. Emergency call 076 340444.
Phuket International Hospital or Siriroj Hospital (โรงพยาบาลศิริโรจน์), ☏ +66 76 249400, fax: +66 76 210936.
Thalang Hospital (โรงพยาบาลถลาง), ☏ +66 76 311111, +66 76 311033.
Vachira Phuket Hospital (โรงพยาบาลวชิระภูเก็ต), ☏ 1669, +66 76 361234, fax: +66 76 211155.
Ao Nang — 3 hours by ferry, the top beach destination in Krabi province
Ao Phang Nga National Park — famous for its limestone cliffs, caves, mangroves, fishing villages and James Bond Island
Khao Lak — family-oriented resort region for those looking for peace, quiet, and nature
Khao Sok National Park — one of the most beautiful wildlife reserves in Thailand
Ko Phi Phi — parts of The Beach were filmed at this stunningly beautiful location
Ko Lanta — another laid-back island destination that is gaining more popularity
Ko Phayam — one of Thailand's most beautiful small islands, 20 min by boat from Ranong
Ko Yao — one of the last islands in the region that is not over-developed
Similan Islands — national park consisting of nine small islands, hugely popular among divers due to its outstanding beauty. Dive trips leave from Khao Lak.
This region travel guide to Phuket is a usable article. It gives a good overview of the region, its sights, and how to get in, as well as links to the main destinations, whose articles are similarly well developed. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.