Pristina (Albanian: Prishtinë, Serbian: Priština), the capital city of Kosovo, is not beautiful: it is messy, with centuries-old Ottoman heritage competing with communist designs and post-communist architectural monstrosities. However, there is a powerful draw to this city of 162,000 people (2011), offering much to passing visitors.
As the youngest capital city in Europe, Pristina has the physical remnants of the periods of old and new. After a rapid modernization campaign in the mid-20th century, much of the historic centre was destroyed and, as a result, only a small portion remains. However amongst what's left are many hidden gems to be found, and the areas that were lost have been replaced by modern structures and monuments that speak more to Kosovo's fascinating recent history than to any other period of time. Whilst the concrete jungle of Pristina's centre can be quite overwhelming, there are plenty of opportunities to get out into the nature of the city's parks and its beautiful rolling outskirts, as well as an abundance of easy day trip possibilities all around the region. Along the main boulevard, Rr Nëne Terezë/Mother Teresa St., you can feel a palpable energy from the wide mix of amiable, welcoming locals and international residents enjoying the bustling street life and vibrant coffee culture that exists during the day.
Come the evening, restaurants, bars and nightclubs across the city fill with a variety of customers and music, offering many options, from a quiet local beer with friends to a heavy night of dancing that can last well into the next day. Pristina is a city that loves to almost constantly host events and festivals, so chances are high that you'll walk into a unique cultural experience that you hadn't anticipated.
The Newborn Monument was unveiled on Independence Day in 2008; its paint scheme is changed yearly
The main language you will hear in the street is Albanian. English is widely spoken in the 3-km² space in the centre of town where internationals and those working for international organizations predominate. The further you go from the centre, the less likely you will be to hear English spoken. However, most people from Pristina, especially young people, speak at least a little English, or will happily find a friend who does, so you are unlikely to have any difficulties getting by.
Navigating around the city is easy even if you don't speak or read Albanian. The city centre is small and walkable (though watch out for crazy drivers who often hop sidewalks and plow through intersections), and people are generally receptive to efforts to communicate in broken Albanian and English. Serbian is Kosovo's other official language, but it is seldom heard on the streets in the capital. You should be able to speak Serbian in some government offices, but you should avoid speaking it in public, except in Serbian areas, where you should be avoid speaking in Albanian. German is easily the next most widely spoken foreign language. Ties between the Kosovo Albanian diaspora in Germany and Switzerland and Kosovo are very strong, as many older Kosovo Albanians have lived and worked in Germany and Switzerland.
Pristina International Airport (PRN IATA, Pristina International Airport Adem Jashari, Albanian: Aeroporti Ndërkombëtar i Prishtinës "Adem Jashari"; Serbian: Međunarodni aerodrom Adem Jašari), Slatina village, ☏ +383 38 5015021214, information@limakkosovo.aero. Works 24/7. Pristina International Airport is the only airport and it's roughly 15 km (9 mi) away from Pristina. It works 24/7. It has free limited-time internet access, duty-free stores, special services in the waiting room for business class passengers, a restaurant, three bars for coffee and snack, and parking. You can fly directly to Pristina from the following airports (some seasonal): Antalya, Berlin, Brussels, Basel (Mulhouse), Cologne, Copenhagen, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Friedrichshafen, Gothenburg, Geneva, Hannover, Hamburg, Helsinki, Istanbul (both airports), London, Malmo, Memmingen, Munich, Oslo, Stuttgart, Stockholm, Vienna, Zürich. (updated Aug 2021)
By bus – Public bus line 1A to and from the airport costs €3 and leaves every two hours between 08:00-24:00 from the airport and between 07:00-23:00 from Pristina—although in September 2023 the airport website states opening hours to 20:00.
By taxi – There is a fixed price for taxis from the airport to Pristina of €25.
Pristina Bus Station (Stacioni i Autobusëve, Prishtinë), Lidhja e Pejës st, ☏ +383 38 550 011, +383 38 541 517, +383 38 540 142, info@stacioniautobuseve-pr.com. 04:00-00:00. The bus station is a 15-min walk from the city centre if you take the Bill Clinton boulevard. There are few fast food shops at the bus station as well as kiosks where you can get your snacks and drinks from. It is very common to pay for your ticket once you are on the bus, which sometimes ends up being cheaper, since there is at least € terminal ticket fee. Prices for destinations are posted inside of the terminal building, just in case.If you are in a hurry, try getting off when the bus leaves the highway just before it enters the station area. Then you can immediately look for buses leaving the station and potentially catch the one you desire. (updated Jun 2017)
There/away by taxi: If you decide to take a taxi from the bus station, try to get the ones that are branded since they have taximeters which starts at €, and overall are cheaper than private ones. A trip to the city center should cost no more than €3. Anything more than this is a ripoff. Some of the drivers will even quote you prices as high as €15.You can negotiate the price with the private ones, and you should agree ahead about the price to your destination.
Coming in Kosovo from the surrounding countries is fairly easy, due to the amount of buses with a regular daily schedule.
Bus from Tirana: 05:30; 06:00; 07:00; 14:00; 14:30; 15:00; 16:00; 17:00; 17:30; 18:00; 20:00. The ticket price is €10 one way or €15 return and takes at least 4 hours due to the numerous stops.
Bus from Shkodër is at: 17:40; 19:40; and 21:10. The bus actually departs at Ulcinj in Montenegro and stops in the city's outskirts and stops to pick up people up in Shkodër before going onwards to Pristina. The ticket price is between €12-15.
Overnight bus from Sarajevo (east) runs daily, departing at 22:00, via Novi Pazar, Serbia. At the ticket office in Sarajevo, you have to buy a ticket to Novi Pazar. Don't worry: the same bus continues on to Pristina, so when you get to Novi Pazar, just stay on the bus and tell the ticket person that you want to buy a ticket to Pristina. Trip to Novi Pazar takes about 7½ hours (€15 one-way or €22 with a return ticket - return has to be within a month) and arrives in Novi Pazar at around 05:30, just stay on the same bus and buy the ticket to Pristina (€7 one-way, takes about 3 hours).
Alternatively, you can take the day bus from Sarajevo to Novi Pazar (Bus departs daily from Sarajevo at 15:00, takes about 7 hours, €15 one-way). Spend the night there and continue on to Pristina the next day as buses depart frequently through the day; buses from Novi Pazar to Skopje, North Macedonia also make stops in Mitrovica and Pristina. This bus stops on the road right outside of the main bus station in Pristina.
Bus from Podgorica runs daily, once a day, starts at 21:30. The ticket price is €16-18.
Bus from Ulcinj is at: 16:00; 18:00; 19:30. The ticket price is €15, one way.
Bus from Skopje starts at 08:00 or 10:00, several times a day until 18/19:00. (550 denar or €10, one-way) (as of Dec 2022).
Bus from Belgrade: 12:00; 16:30; 21:30. The ticket is €15 one way.
Bus from Niš is at: 08:00; 13:45. The ticket is €8-10.
Bus from Novi Pazar (see the section on traveling by bus from Bosnia and Herzegovina)
On general information on border crossing between Serbia and Kosovo, see Kosovo#Get in.
There are trains which travel from North Macedonia and Serbia to Pristina. These take a long time to get there. See Kosovo#By train
Pristina Train Station, Tirana St (near the end of Garibaldi St.). Trains from Peja. (updated Aug 2020)
Fushë Kosova Train Station, Sheshi i Lirisë (7 km W of centre; take a taxi (€7-10) or with the N°1 minibus (€), which departs every 10 minutes), info@kosovorailway.com. (updated Aug 2020)
Apart from the highway to Albania and the modern one to the border with Macedonia, the connection with other cities is fairly close but roads are not well maintained and traffic can be heavy at times.
Map of urban bus lines (out of date so to be used as a general guide)
City buses run every 5 minutes on the main central routes (Lines 3 and 4), while other lines run every 15 minutes. The last bus is at 23:30. The cost is € (2023) and payment is made to a conductor on the bus. See the map of bus lines, this is out of date but can be used as a general guide - for example, as of September 2023 Line 2 no longer runs, and some bus stops have new names. The closure of bulevardi Xhorxh Bush to traffic until November 2023 means some lines taking diversions. Further information including routes and timetables can be found (in Albanian) on the Trafiku Urban website.
Taxis are abundant with prices starting at €. Make sure to pick a branded taxi since those are metered. No trip around the centre or from the centre to Arbëria, Velania, Sunny Hill (Kodra e Diellit), etc. should cost more than €4. All taxi companies use online communication platforms like Viber and WhatsApp.
The roads in Pristina (and in general throughout Kosovo) are pretty good, but improvements are still being made. Nevertheless, caution should be made about slow moving vehicles. Traffic is heavy during working hours in Pristina and in the summer when diaspora comes. Sometimes you might get stuck in traffic due to road repairs/improvements. There is a free toll highway from the border with Albania (Morine border crossing) all the way to Pristina, which takes just more than an hour to get too, compared to 3 hours that it used to take.
The National Gallery of Kosovo (at the University of Pristina Campus, right behind the National Library of Kosovo), ☏ +383 38 225 627, info@galeriakombetare-rks.com. M-F 10:00-18:00, Sa Su 10:00-17:00. The National Gallery, established in 1979, is the highest institution of visual arts in Kosovo. It is the display space of various exhibitions of local and international artists. Kosovan art had been silent for the international public for a decade during the nineties of the last century. Unable to organize exhibitions at the art gallery, due to the infamous regime and difficult circumstances, Kosovar artists sought other alternatives to promote their art. They used restaurants, cafés and other alternative venues for individual and group exhibitions. During the war in Kosovo, many ateliers were set on fire and many artworks were destroyed. The National Gallery organized 297 collective and individual exhibitions from 1979 to 1998, and since 1999, when the National Gallery was reestablished and assigned location in the current building, 350 exhibitions have been organized both locally and internationally. free. (updated May 2022)
National Museum Kosovo National Museum (Muzeu Kombëtar), Ibrahim Lutfiu St (east from Parliament), ☏ +383 38 244 107. Tu-Su 10:00-18:00. Opened in February 2018 after repairs. The museum has a rich collection of prehistoric objects uncovered in Kosovo – most of them were spirited off to Serbia during the Kosovo war - and hundreds of archaeological finds and ethnographic items, some of which have yet to be returned. Goddess on the Throne is a symbol of Pristina and a must see. Free. (updated Aug 2021)
Goddess on the Throne is a terracotta figurine found at a site near Pristina in 1956. It represents a well-preserved specimen of small Neolithic artifacts from the Vinca culture (5700–4500 BC). The figurine represents a female deity, representing the cult of the great mother idol. It is considered one of Kosovo's most precious archaeological artifacts and is preserved in the National Museum of the country. The Museum and the Municipality of Pristina has adopted the image of the 'Goddess' as the institution’s distinctive logo.Goddess on the Throne
NOT EXISTING LISTING IMAGE Pristina Ethnographic Museum (Muzeu Etnologjik Emin Gjiku), Henrik Baric nr 5 (tucked back in the old town streets about 5 minutes' walk from the Kosovo Museum), muzeuetnologjik1@gmail.com. M closed, Tu-Sa 10:00-16:30, Su 10:00-14:30. This museum is one of the most valued monuments of Kosovo's cultural heritage under state protection. It consists of four buildings of the 18th and 19th centuries, and the extremely interesting ethnological exhibition, which shows the life in Kosovo in the ethnological aspect during the 15th-20th century. The exhibition is built around four themes that represent the life cycle: Birth, Life, Death, and Spiritual Heritage. You will be accompanied by a guide to explain the exhibition and will have the opportunity to delve into relevant topics related to the cultural heritage of Kosovo. The restoration process of the main building was finished in the beginning of 2022, while as of May 2022, work began on the preparation of the new permanent exhibition. by donation (2022). (updated May 2022)Pristina Ethnographic Museum
Independence Museum (Kosovo Independence House “Dr. Ibrahim Rugova”), Rr. Enver Zymberi (beside Tiffany’s restaurant). M-Sa 10:00-17:00. Historical building that once served as a head of Kosovo Writers Association in late 1980s and then as a former headquarters of the Democratic League of Kosovo at the beginning of 1990s. In 1999, the building was burnt by Serbian forces during the Kosovo war, while after the war it was rebuilt and opened as the museum. The Museum “Independence House Dr. Ibrahim Rugova” was opened at the end of 2007. The space of the Museum is quite small and it reflects the efforts of the Kosovo Albanian people on the road to independence. Various exhibits are represented there, some of them belong to the late former president, Dr. Ibrahim Rugova. free. (updated May 2022)
Pristina Prison Museum (Muzeu i Burgut të Prishtinës - Burgu i Idealit), Rr. Luan Haradinaj (next to the central Police Station, up the street on Luan Haradinaj from Newborn), muzeuiburgut@gmail.com. Tu-Sa 10:00-17:00. Kosovo Albanians resisted occupation by the Yugoslavs and Serbians from WWII and into the Milosevic period. This led to heavy political repression. This former prison brings an exhibition of historical texts, photographs, illustrations, video material, and interviews with confessions, the artistic creativity of the prison such as paintings and poems by former prisoners, the names of over 9000 former Albanian political prisoners in this and other prisons of Kosovo. free. (updated May 2023)
Museum of American Art, Zija Prishtina St., ☏ +383 38 222576, fax: +383 38 544472, info@stacion.org. Tu-F 11:00-16:00, Sa 11:00-14:00. This is the only place in the country with regular contemporary art exhibitions and events. (updated Aug 2020)
Galeria 17 (17), Henrik Baric nr 10, ☏ +383491170078, contact@foundation17.org. M-F 10:00-17:00. Galeria 17 is located in the old neighborhood of Pristina. With a distinct focus on social issues, artists and curators are invited to experiment with concepts, ideas and space. The gallery exhibits content that creates dialogue and fosters public debate while contributing to the documentation and creation of missing references throughout a process that archives and educates. free. (updated Jun 2022)
Monuments, historical sites, memorials, public buildings
Ulpiana Archeological Park (12 km to the southeast), ☏ +38344189909, berishamilot@gmail.com. M-F 09:30-15:30, Sa 10:00–14:00. Ulpiana is one of the largest ancient urban sites in Kosovo. In the beginning of the 1st century AD, with the Roman occupation of the Dardania, this multi-layered archaeological site was developed from an ancient Dardanian settlement into a typical Roman town. Municipium Ulpiana was found and urbanized by the Roman Emperor Marcus Ulpius Traianus (Trajan). It reached its highest development during the period between 3rd and 4th centuries AD, a time when it was called Municipium Ulpiana Splendidissima – the Splendid City of Ulpiana. Ulpiana was destroyed almost entirely by a destructive earthquake in 518. Emperor Justinian the Great rebuilt it but also renamed it Justinianasecunda. The fortified town of Ulpiana had an area of  hectares. In the eastern side was the castrum, a fortified field garrison that covered an area of 16 hectares. Ulpiana with its surrounding suburbium occupied about 120 hectares. (updated May 2022)
Mausoleum of Sultan Murat I (Tomb of Murat I, Tyrbja e "Sulltan Muratit 1"), Afrim Zhitia 337, Mazgit village (km 6 on the highway to Mitrovica), ☏ +38349886557, guidesinkosovo@gmail.com. 10:00 - 17:00 (winter time 09:00 - 16:00). Murad I (1362-1389) was the 3rd Ottoman sultan. He was killed in the Battle of Kosovo on 15 June 1389. The monument was built in the 14th century by Murad I's son Bayezid I, becoming the first example of Ottoman architecture in the Kosovo territory. His internal organs were buried in the tomb in Mazgit village near Pristina and his body was sent back to Bursa, the capital city of the Ottoman state at that time. The tomb was restored a couple of times, starting from 15th century, continuing in the 17th and 19th centuries. Inside of the complex you can find the house of Turbedars or tomb caretakers which originally are from Bukhara. Near the tomb you can find also a mulberry tree which is believed to be 400-500 years. Also part of this complex is the selamlik building from 1896.
Cathedral of Saint Mother Teresa. The Cathedral of Saint Mother Teresa in Pristina is a Roman Catholic cathedral is one of Pristina's tallest buildings inaugurated in 2010. The cathedral is dedicated to the Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary, Saint Teresa of Calcutta. There are audio guides available too. € for climbing to the tower. (updated May 2022)
Saint Saviour Serbian Orthodox Church, Agim Ramadani St. (on the grounds of University of Pristina.). Construction is not yet completed after having started in the early 1990s. It has been disputed by ethnic Albanian population after having been constructed in University grounds during Milosevic regime. (updated Aug 2020)
Saint Nicholas Church, Shkodra St. Daily mass ~17:00. This is the only remaining operative Serbian Orthodox Church in Pristina. It is housed in a 19th-century building. It used to showcase 18th-century wooden icons, created by painters based in Debar, North Macedonia, several 18th-century frescoes and an iconostasis of 1840 from Belgrade, Serbia, which were all irreversibly damaged during the 2004 unrest. The Saint Nicholas Church once again began to hold liturgies in 2010 in a ceremony attended by a few hundred Serbian Orthodox believers. It now features a revamped exterior, restored roof, new marble tiles and new icons. (updated Aug 2020)
Old Hamam remains (Great Hamam, Thermelet a Hamamit), Agim Ramadani Street (Агим Рамадани). Founded in 15th century. It used to be part of the complex of the Sultan Murat Fatih Mosque and according to the legend, the construction workers who were hired to build Fatih Mosque were ordered by Sultan Mehmet II to take daily baths in the hammam. It had two symmetrical baths, one for women and the other one for men. The hammam is composed of 15 domes with small holes which are used to let the light penetrate in. A fire that occurred in 1994, resulted with an illegal opening of three shops which blocked the old entrance. Unfortunately, a hammam that once used to be a prestigious social venue for men and women, for many years looked abandoned with only few remaining walls full of rubbish, overgrown trees and wastewaters flowing inside of the building.
Shadërvani Fountain (Shadërvan), Nazim Gafurri (Next to Çarshia Mosque). This is a marble fountain between the Carshi Mosque and the Museum of Kosovo and is a typical component of Ottoman architecture. The fountain is the only one remaining in the city from over fifty that once existed. In addition to providing a source of drinkable water, Shadërvan has been traditionally used for ritual ablution.
Clock Tower (Sahat Kulla), Rr. Ylfete Humolli (next to Kosovo Museum). It was built in the 19th century by Jashar Pasha. It served as a means of informing the town during the Ottoman Empire rule, in order to let people know when to pray as well as the traders closing their shops. The 26-meter-high hexagonal clock tower was made of sandstone and bricks. The original tower was burned in fire and its bricks were used for reconstruction. The authentic bell was brought from Moldova and had the inscription “This bell was produced in 1764 for Jon Moldova Rumenin”
Academy Building (Akademia e Shkencave dhe e Arteve e Kosovës (ASHAK)), Rr. Nazim Gafurri, ☏ +383 38 249303, +383 38 249304, +383 38 249305, fax: +383 38 244-636, ashak_pr@hotmail.com, ashak@ashak.orgMULTIPLE-EMAIL.
Association of Political Prisoners (Ex Office of the Academy of Arts and Sciences of Kosovo) (next to the clock tower). The exterior of one of Pristina's historic ottoman homes can be seen near the Clock Tower. The Domaniku family, who migrated to Turkey in the early part of the 20th century, had build this palace in the 19th century. For many years, this building housed the Office of the Academy of Arts and Sciences of Kosovo, and it is now used by the Association of Political Prisoners.
Former Hotel Union building (Hoteli "Union"), Bulevardi Nënë Tereza. The building of the former “Hotel Union” was built in 1927 under the supervision of the Austrian architect, Andrija Kremer. It combined elements of neo-Renaissance, neo-baroque and Art Nouveau and was one of the few buildings in Pristina with European-architecture influence. During the first few decades of its existence, it was named “Hotel Skënderbeu” after the 15th-century Albanian resistance leader, Skanderbeg and this was witnessed by his ingrained icons on the building.
Heroinat Memorial. Heroinat Memorial is a typographic sculpture and tourist attraction. The memorial is placed in a park downtown, in front of the Newborn monument. This memorial honors the sacrifice and contribution of all ethnic Albanian women during the 1998-1999 Kosovo War. The tragic number of victims were transformed into 20,000 medals which are held up by different lengths creating a relief of the heroine’s portrait. (updated May 2022)
Monument of Brotherhood and Unity (Adem Jashari square), Rr. Agim Ramadani (north from UCK). This monument was built in 1961. Officially, it is known as the monument dedicated to the heroes of the National Liberation War, who rebelled against the fascist occupation during World War II. Until the 1999 war, it was known as the Brotherhood-Union monument, while nowadays most refer to it as the «Triangle». Once, it was the symbol of the city of Pristina.
Palace of Youth & Sports (Pallati i Rinisë dhe i Sporteve), Rr. Luan Haradinaj, ☏ +383 38 249424.
Parliament (Assembly of Kosovo), Agim Ramadani Street (North of the Independence Park).
Taukbashçe Park (Parku i Taukbashçes), Nazim Gafurri Street (east  km).
Gërmia Park, Dr. Shpëtim Robaj, (at the end of bus 4, 5 or 9). Here are outposts of green, the biggest and best of which is Gërmia Park. During the summer, the lake-sized swimming pool here is a hot spot for families and young people, but year-round the park offers grassy spaces to relax or kick the ball around, and a network of mine-cleared trails through the dense woods perfect for dog-walking or drunken hide-and-seek tournaments. A couple of restaurants at the top of the park have good food and nice views. Also interesting to check out the cluster-bombed police bunker, just up the road from the best restaurant.
City Park (Parku i Qytetit) (east from Agim Ramadani Street). City park is one of the few parks that city has. It is 500 m from the city centre, about a 7-minute walk. Park has  hectares, rich flora and fauna, fresh air, hiking trails arranged in the beautiful nature, surrounded but pines and other trees. Hidden from center and heavy traffic and pollution, it is perfect place for escaping and spending quality time with family, friends. During late spring and summer, in relaxing atmosphere young people and various NGOs organize movie nights, poetry session, and live music. (updated Sep 2022)
Arbëria Park (Parku Arbëria), Street Stambolli and Tony Blair (north from UNMIK's compound).
Independence Park (Park i Pavarësisë), Agim Ramadani Street and Bulevardi Nënë Tereza (near the former Hotel Union building).
Park of Martyrs (Parku Varrezat e Dëshmorëve), Rr. Isa Kastrati (Mahalla e Muhaxherëve) (east from City Park). This is a cemetery. Also there is the National Martyr’s Monument (Varrezat e Dëshmorëve).
Jewish Cemetery (Varrezat e Jahudive (hebreje)) (on top of Velania’s Tauk Bahqe). Founded in 19th century, it is a burial site in the outskirts of Pristina consisting of 57 tombstones. The city was once home to a Jewish community numbering over 1,500 people, who settled in the Balkans during the late 15th century from Spain after escaping the Reconquista.
Tjerrtorja Archeological Site (NW outskirts of Pristina). Tjerrtorja was a neolithic settlement which was identified accidentally in the 1950s. The neolithic site was named after the discovery place, where a factory was started to be built known as the cotton and textile production plant Tjerrtorja. The area was believed to have had an abundant collection of terracotta figurines, human shaped statues and baked clay anthropomorphic artifacts.
Bear Sanctuary Pristina, Mramor village, near Badovc lake (by car from Pristina, take the national road towards Gjilan; or take any regular bus to Gjilan or Mramor, €1—the bus stop is 2½ km from the park entrance and sometimes they have a shuttle the rest of the way), ☏ +383 45 826 072. 10:00-19:00. For many years in Kosovo, all privately kept brown bears lived in small cages at restaurants, to attract customers. In 2010, when it became illegal to keep bears privately, there was a need for a national park as a new home for the restaurant bears rescued from captivity. This centre aims to improve the public attention to animal welfare and environmental problems in Kosovo. The sanctuary can be reached by an 8-km hike from Gërmia Park. €2. (updated Dec 2022)
Climb the Mother Teresa Cathedral. Climb or take an elevator up the cathedral for a magnificient view of the city. If you are bold, head up 5-10 min before the full hour, to enjoy the bells at first sight. €. (updated Dec 2022)
Walking tour. Notable sights found here include a 19th-century Ottoman clock tower, Sahat Kulla, which faces Fatih Mosque, Pristina's largest and most outstanding mosque, which dates back to the 15th century. Nearby you can find two museums definitely worth visiting, the striking yellow Museum of Kosovo, and the Ethnological Museum which is housed in a gorgeous complex of Ottoman-era town homes called Emin Gjiku. Around the neighborhood, you can see street market stalls, kids hawking cigarettes and phone cards, qebabtores and cafes, and the vibrant community life of Kosovo's biggest city. Heading towards the centre you will encounter the main pedestrian boulevard, Rr Nëne Terezë, which runs from the new government building and impressive Skenderberg monument all the way down to Grand Hotel and Zahir Pajaziti Square. For the more modern sights, you don't have to wander too far. The post-independence 'Newborn' monument, altered each Independence Day to represent a different social or political theme, sits directly in front of the curiously designed Boro Ramiz (the Palace of Youth and Sports) and not too far from the renowned statue of Bill Clinton. Arguably the most recognizable structure in Pristina is the avantgarde Yugoslav-era mass of cubes and the domes that is the National Library, often described as one of the ugliest buildings in the world. Directly opposite is the unfinished Serbian Orthodox church which had its construction halted in 1999, and remains subject of much controversy with an uncertain future. If you have more time, it's also worthwhile wandering up into Dragodan/Arberia or Velania (especially City Park, also referred to as "the Italian park," and the park dedicated to now-deceased President Ibrahim Rugova). A walking tour is offered twice a week from one of three hostels in the city; Buffalo Backpackers, Han Hostel and The White Tree Hostel. (updated Dec 2022)
Korza. In the evenings, when it's warm, a large proportion of the population heads out into the streets and promenades, between cafes or in with no particular destination. The objective is to see and be seen, chat with friends, and take in as much fresh air as possible before the horrific winter descends. 53% of Kosovo's population is under the age of 25, so most of the people on the street around dusk are teenagers and people in their early twenties. Being in one of the poorest countries in Europe, some Kosovars struggle to afford nights out and meals in restaurants. Instead, they get dressed up in their best clothes and walk up and down Rr Nëne Terezë. Join them, or if you prefer, grab a beer or coffee in an outdoor cafe and watch them go by. (updated Dec 2022)
Stay out late because the streets are safe and Albanians love foreigners. Also go out to bars and such, as they are usually filled but make sure you drink some "Peja" beer (Key word PEJA)
Privately owned outdoor swimming pools are springing up around Kosovo, some just outside the city and worth the euro to cool off in the summer.
Hike to the Bear Sanctuary through Gërmia Park. It is a good 8 km from the city but with rewarding views on a good day. From the sanctuary you can take back the bus along the main road—see sanctuary website for more details.
Watch football – Fadil Vokrri Stadium, capacity 13,500, in city centre, hosts Kosovo's national soccer team. It's also the home ground of Pristina FC, who play in Football Superleague of Kosovo, the country's top tier: they often win it and qualify for European competitions.
National Theater of Kosovo, Mother Theresa Square. (Sheshi Nëna Terezë) nr.21, (North of the 'Independence Park'), ☏ +383 38 243 930, info@teatrikombetar.eu. Former named "The Regional Populist Theater" then the "Provincial Populist Theater" - The repertoire of this theater was built on many national, international and former Yugoslavian dramatic scripts. This theater performances, which were presented in different festivals with national and international character in the former Yugoslavia, were praised highly by critics of the time and were honored with various artistic awards. National Theatre
Dodona Theater (Teatri i Qytetit të Prishtinës - “Dodona”), Rruga Xh. Mitrovica, pn (200m East from Kosova Art Gallery), ☏ +383 38 230623, info@dodona.org. first known as the Theater of Youth, Kids, and Doll - "Dodona" (updated Aug 2020)
ODA Theatre, Pallati i Rinisë dhe i Sporteve nr. 111 (Luan Haradinaj?) (next to City Stadium), ☏ +383 038 246 555, fax: +383 038 246 555, oda@teatrioda.com. Theatre venue with a variety of cultural and artistic events, including theatre performances, concerts, exhibitions and an International Jazz Festival in November.
National University Library of Kosovo (Albanian: Bibloteka Kombetare e Kosoves) (on the campus of the University of Pristina, right in front of the National Gallery of Kosovo), ☏ +383 038 212 416. It is the highest institution of its kind in Kosovo. With a fund of thousands of books it is one of the biggest libraries in the region. Every year more than 40,000 exemplars are added to the library archive - The building: It was designed by the Croatian architect Andrija Mutnjakovic. Its space consists of 16,500 m². It is made with zenith windows, with 99 domes of different sizes and is entirely covered in a metal fishing net, which have their own particular architectural symbolism. It houses two reading rooms with 300 and 100 seats respectively, a reading room for periodicals, rooms for special collections, cataloguing and research, a 150-seat amphitheatre and a 75-seat meeting hall. The lobby of the library is used for various cultural events. The floor of the hall is a unique work of diverse mosaic marble stone. The largest dome of the library is the main ornament of the hall's high ceiling, thus providing ample natural lighting. According to the architect of the National Library of Kosovo the building is meant to represent a style blending Byzantine and Islamic architectural forms.
Kosovo's festival scene is on the rise throughout the Balkans. There are many festivals that take place throughout the year in Pristina. New festivals are also popping up all of the time. If you are planning to travel to Pristina it is a great idea to see if any of the major festivals are happening throughout your stay. The most popular festivals in Pristina are centered on music, art and alcohol. The most up-to-date information for festivals can be found on their Facebook page
Manifesta 14 Prishtina – A prominent European contemporary art event, that will take place in the summer of 2022 for a 100-day programme of exhibitions, workshops, tours and events all around town.
Sunny Hill Festival – An international music festival organized by Sunny Hill Foundation taking place in Gërmia Park since 2018. The 3-day festival occurs in early August and hosts big names in the modern music industry, such as: Miley Cyrus, Calvin Harris, Martin Garrix, Dua Lipa, etc.
Beer and Wine Festival – Usually takes place at the end of June on the platform behind “Newborn” monument. The Beer and Wine Festival is set up with several booths selling local and international beers at low prices. The festival has two large music stages and gets quite lively late at night. It can sometimes be difficult with queues but once you get in there is plenty of space for everyone to have a good time.
PriFilm fest – Multiple stages around town (+383 38 221 144). PriFilm Fest is one of Pristina's most famous international film festivals. The festival is set up with multiple screening locations around town. PriFilm Fest presents the city with many first time premieres in Kosovo and world premieres. The quality of films that are shown are quite remarkable. The festival is also known for their after parties.
Erdhlezeti (Fazli Grajcevci across from Dit e Nat bar) – This annual block party music festival takes place in the parking lot across from the well known café Dit' e Nat'. This festival is dedicated to music, the change of seasons and especially to the arrival of Summer. Beer, barbecue and love are the other ingredients that make this day special. It is a favourite with bands playing live into the night.
Visions of Beyond (hapesira) (Kalaja e Harilaqit) – Visions of Beyond is festival that combines techno music with cultural heritage. The festival takes place yearly at a fortress on one of the small mountains overlooking Pristina. The organizers bring in up-and-coming DJs from Western Europe that transport us to a new place and time.
Turkish Jazz Week – Turkish Jazz Week (typically during the month of May) brings together Turkish and Kosovar musicians to serenade us with their beautiful sounds for a week long every year.
NO RECESS – The newest arts platform in Pristina, Kosovo, spontaneously launched but aiming to become a sustainable, long-term project. NO RECESS Live Music Festival is a 7-day event that will bring seven live performances (one each night of the festival) by international and local alternative music artists.
FemArt, ☏ +383 38 221 512. The festival is used as a platform for starting and presenting ideas and creations that bring forward feminist concepts and their development in Kosovo, by being committed to equal rights for women as well as building a bridge for peace in the region.
Meeting of Styles. MOS aims to create a forum for the international art community to communicate, assemble and exchange ideas, works and skills, but also to support intercultural exchange. The “Meeting Of Styles” as its name says, is a meeting of styles, created in order to support the collaboration of the international art-community.
DAM Festival DAM. It is an annual classical and contemporary music festival which gathers young, emerging and distinguished musicians from all over the world.
MAD Sound MAD Sound. It is a techno music festival that takes place for two nights in Germia Park every summer with both local and international artists.
ReMusica, ☏ +383 49 622 260. Remusica festival is the promotion of the contemporary music and innovative expression in the art of music, through channels of different stylistic tendencies of the 20th century.
Polip International Literature Festival Pristina (Qendra Multimedia), Sadik Bekteshi 53. Takes place in May. Polip is an international literature festival bringing together in Pristina young writers from the region as well as from Europe together in Pristina.
Albi Mall, ☏ +38349771131, info@albicenter.com. Shopping center on the outskirts of Pristina. (updated May 2024)
Prishtina Mall, M2 Motorway, ☏ +38349967507, info@prishtinamall.com. Shopping center near the M2 Motorway in the direction of Ferizaj. Prishtina Mall is one of the largest shopping centers in the Balkans. (updated May 2024)
Silversmith – filigree workshop Krenare Rakovica, Garibaldi str. M–F 10:00 – 18:00, Sa 10:00 – 16:00. Krenare Rakovica, the only female silversmith – filigree artist in Pristina, has a small shop in the centre that is used as a workshop. She is widely respect in the local silversmith community. (updated May 2022)
IL Ilire Lepaja (a small alleyway next to Government of Kosovo building, next to Council of Europe office. To the right of Soma and Boho.), ☏ +38344241352, ilirelepaja@gmail.com. M-Sa 10:00-19:00. Souvenir shop owned by the local artist Ilire Lepaja, who designs various products based on traditional motifs and cultural heritage of Kosovo and Albania. (updated May 2023)
For shopping, Pristina is full of good bargains but low on selection. Silver is sold in the old quarter and is a pretty good value; Albanians are known throughout the former Yugoslavia as silversmiths.
The outdoor bookstalls adjacent to the Grand Hotel are a good place to pick up your copy of the Code of Lekë Dukagjini. Or a map of Pristina that most likely has names for all the streets no one has ever heard of.
There are a variety of restaurants with something for everyone's taste. Radio taxi drivers will know the location of most major restaurants frequented by internationals. Try a traditional qebabtore (you can find one anywhere), or a Turkish doner shop (best ones around the corner from Payton Place, near UNDP) for a real taste of the local food and great value. If you are a foreigner you may have to do a fair bit of pointing to order, but it should be worth it.
Aurora, Xhorxh Bush (across from RTK tower). Lovely place, plenty to offer. Very helpful and understanding staff. Comfortable place to have your meals. (updated May 2022)
City Bakery, Përmendorja e Nënës Terezë?, Bulevardi Nënë Tereza, 41 (Centre), ☏ +383 45 785 785. Traditional food of Kosovo.
Sarajevo Fast Food (Qebaptore Sarajeva), Andrea Grupa Street (close to RTK and one behind the old Post Office). Sells kebab made in Banja Luka (bosnian) style (banjallucki qebab)
Piccadilly – Burektore (behind the National Theater, on Agim Ramadani Street, 2 minutes walk). 07:00-15:00. This family business has been running for more than 30 years and was handed down generation by generation. Burek at Piccadilly is well-known and delicious as well as cheap compared to other fast – food and perfect choice for people with small budgets. The types of burek that are served are with meat and cheese preferably eaten by yoghurt or ayran. Try to engage in a conversation, as the owner/server is quite a character. €. (updated May 2022)
Burektore Dini, UÇK St. (in front of Municipality budiling), ☏ +38344317166. M-F 09:00-14:00. crispy burek, cheese burek is especially good. €. (updated May 2022)
Qebaptore Tara, UÇK St.. A small place with traditional Kosovo kebab with an owner that stands out for the character. €. (updated May 2022)
Amadeus, Ahmet Krasniqi. Another restaurant in the Dragodan neighborhood. Serves pizza and other western dishes. (updated May 2022)
Liburnia Restaurant, Rr.Meto Bajraktari (from EU Office/Muncipality of Pristina, head into the small side street with cobblestones), ☏ +383 44 891 000. A great opportunity to taste Kosovar cuisine in an evocative environment full of plants. Meat recommended. The waiters are kind and helpful. (updated May 2022)
Gagi Restaurant, XK, 5 Fazli Grajqevci, ☏ +383 44 160 665, +383 49 522 511. (updated May 2022)
Ciao (past Bau Market, on the road out to Skopje), ☏ +383 49 305470. This Macedonian restaurant on the road out of town to Skopje and Gracaniza, is a popular stop for internationals and aid workers craving a bacon-wrapped pork medallion, or some of the best bread and salad in the city. (You can find Pristina's first miniature golf course just a hair further down the street.) ~€10.
Princesha Gresa Restaurant, Fehmi Agani 77, Te Qafa (across from former OSCE building), ☏ +383 44 264 794. (updated May 2022)
Pinocchio restaurant and hotel, Dragodan/Arberia neighbourhood, Rr.24 maj 115 (near USAID and the British Embassy). Excellent food and a warm atmosphere, as well as a panoramic view of Pristina below. For lunch, hit Te Komiteti on Qamil Hoxha street and have the gazpacho and chicken sandwich. (updated May 2022)
Pi Shat, Dragodan neighbourhood (KFOR Headquarters area). This is a traditional Albanian restaurant with a wonderful atmosphere. If you are unfamiliar with Albanian food, just ask the waiters to put together a platter for you - you'll end up with a delicious range of grilled meats. A meal for two ~€30.
Rron Restaurant, Veternik or Ravine district (on Route Rat towards Gjilane, top of the hill before turn for Swebat; right turn immediately after sign), ☏ +383 044 141-215, +383 044 347-777. Rron Restaurant is just outside the Pristina city limits on the way to Gracanica. Hidden behind an under-construction building for the past couple of years, Rron is a treasure that is popular with local and international politicians as well as the normal guests. The bar area is quite impressive with vaulted ceilings and shelves lined with all different kinds of alcohol all the way up. The far end of the restaurant has a plate-glass wall that looks out into the garden seating area which is lovely during the summer. There is a small playground for children outside on the far end of the garden which can make summer meals a bit loud at time when there are groups of children running around. (updated May 2022)
Restaurant Perla - Te Linda, Lidhja e Pejes, nr, 177 (Zona industriale), ☏ +383 44 141 680. (updated May 2022)
Traditional Dishes at Restaurant Tiffany in Pristina
Tiffany Restaurant, Enver Zymberi (directly behind Home). A popular restaurant of traditional cuisine. (updated May 2022)
Rostiçeria Thana, Bashkim Fehmiu 57, Arbëria, Prishtia (near new Municipality building). fusion rottiserie restaurant with experimental cuisine (updated May 2022)
Crust n Crumb, Rr. Andrea Gropa (nearby Government building), ☏ +383 45 888 812, info@crustandcrumb-ks.com. delicious fusion sandwiches. (updated May 2023)
Baba Ganoush, 1000 Johan V. Hahn (Located just a few meters a few from Pristina's most central location, Grand Hotel). M-Sa 11:00-23:00, closed Su. A vegetarian restaurant with delicious menu items. (updated May 2023)
Renaissance Restaurant. M-Sa 17:00-23:00, closed Su. A traditional restaurant with great food and service, all for an affordable flat total fee, which includes several small dishesh, a main dish, and unlimited wine, rakija and beers. (updated May 2023)
Tartine Deli, Fehmi Agani 87, Pristhtina (in the back of Fehmi Agani St. (Kafet e Vogla area), ☏ +38349151000, info@tartinedeli.com. Tu-Su 08:00-17:00. French food deli with a nice veranda. The restaurant is run by two women. (updated May 2023)
Matcha Coffee and Eatery, Rr. Fazli Grajqevci 104 (in the back of Kafet e Vogla area), ☏ +38343829282, matchacoffeeandeatery@gmail.com. M-F 08:00–18:00, Sa 08:00–17:00. Healthy food and smoothies. (updated May 2023)
Soma Slow Food, Shpëtim Robaj st (located at Gërmia Park), ☏ +383 45 106 090. 11:00-23:00. It offers several standard menus of traditional foods with a modern twist. Though, people that have visited remain in two minds about it, so check out what to expect before heading there. (updated May 2022)
Pristina is a destination known for the experience it provides. A massive part of that experience will be sightseeing the many cafés and bars that have diverse yet stylish interiors around town. The nightlife and festival scene in Pristina has improved rapidly in the past two years and is predominantly known for techno music. Whilst visiting Pristina you will not go thirsty, thanks to the variety of local, low cost delights. The water is clear and safe to drink in Pristina. As a foreigner, you will not have a problem drinking water from the tap, but if you prefer bottled water there are 13 local water brands for you to consume.
A unique quality of Pristina is the passion behind the coffee culture, and emphasis on the craft of making espresso-based coffee. Internationals have assisted in spreading the word about how delicious the macchiato are in cafés around town. Kosovo baristas and patrons have high expectations for how well coffee is made and care put into producing each cup for the city that loves to drink coffee. The Kosovo macchiato can be described as stronger, shorter latte (or a flat white to those from down under) and is served either small (similar to a piccolo) or large (a regular size).
Pristina's bars and cafés stock some of the best local spirits produced around the country. The most common local beer that you will find around town is Peja. Peja beer is an easy to drink lager made in the west of Kosovo. Other local beers you can find around town are Pristina, Greembeer and Sabaja. Sabaja is the only local craft brewery in Kosovo. Most wine produced in Kosovo comes from in and around Rahovec in the south west of Kosovo. Local wines have improved over time and you are often served a heavy pour for a fair price at most cafes and bars. Wine marketing is still up and coming in Kosovo, so when you order at a bar it is regular practice to order in a general fashion; red, white or rose. Don't let this discourage you from asking the waiter about the wine options they have at their establishment. Most establishments will stock a variety. Rajika (Raki), local homemade brandy, is served at most cafes and bars around town. Raki (singular form) is served in a shot glass and meant to be sipped and enjoyed. It can be made from various fruits and nuts, however the most popular varieties you can find in Pristina bars are grape, pear, apple and quince.
In addition to the wide variety of cafes and bars you can find around town, you also have constant events happening on the main boulevard, such as a Christmas market in November or December serving mulled wine and warm spiced rum every day and night. It is worth taking a wander throughout the boulevard during your stay as Pristina is famous in the region for the constant pop-up festivals that occur. These include fresh fruit and vegetable markets, coffee and tea festival, wine and local craft festivals and more, all taking place on the main boulevard throughout the year.
Most locals refer to Pristina's café/bar scene by splitting it up into four main areas/roads lined with bars and cafes open daily from 08:00-00:00. These four main streets are in the city center perpendicular to the main pedestrian boulevard.
Smoking is still allowed in bars and clubs all over Kosovo. This can be off-putting, but once won't kill you.
ABC street (Rr. Rexhep Luci) – In the heart of the city center with ABC Cinema at the top of the street. The street is lined with cafés and bars most of which serve food.
Pishat street (Rr. Qamil Hoxha) – Off the main boulevard in the center of Pristina. This street has several cafés with vibrant interiors and a famous traditional restaurant at the top.
Kafe e Vogel street (Rr. Fehmi Agani) – Lined with expat-focused restaurants on one side and local, chill cafés on the other end. At the top of this well-known café/bar street in town you will also find an English pub (Back Garden Pub) with a pub quiz every Thursday night.
Raki Street (Rr. 2 Korriku) – The most frequented street in town Kosovo's youth. This street is happening during the day just a few small tavernas on each side serving local grilled cuisine. During the evenings (especially Wednesday, Friday and Saturday) the street is full of young people hanging out, drinking and people watching. This street is famous for its variety of low cost, local raki and delicious low cost grilled meats.
When you are strolling around town in Pristina you will see a variety of combination cafes/bars/restaurants. It is quite typical for most establishments to serve food although some only have drink menus. The majority of cafes/bars that you see are open daily (with the exception of Sundays for about half) from 08:00-00:00. The majority serves coffee, soda, juice, beer, wine, raki and basic spirits. It is recommended to experience multiple cafes/bars during your stay in Pristina. You will find the wait staff to be friendly and almost always you can find someone that speaks English to help you out. The best way to find the location and events for each bar/café is to use their Facebook pages.
Soma Book Station, Rr. Fazli Grajçevci (behind main Government building), ☏ + 383 38 748 818. M-Sa 08:00-00:00. Upscale institution in town, popular both by day and night. Known for their carefully curated in-house bookshop, including vinyls and the products of local artists, as well as evening musical performances across all genres, Soma acquaints their guests with quality literature, art and music. Exposed-brick walls with trendy light fixtures and a vaulted ceiling creates a warm indoor atmosphere with a carefully stocked island bar centring the space. Fairy lights adorn the terraces and garden areas, adding to the enchanting outdoor ambience year-round. Diners have a full menu to order from and the place hums at mealtimes. (updated Dec 2022)
Dit' e Nat', Rr. Fazli Grajçevci (behind main Government building), ☏ +383 38 742037. M-Sa 08:00-00:00; Su 12:00-00:00. Certainly and luckily not as fancy as Soma, this is a bookstore, café and bar. They serve vegetarian only cuisine. Along with classic bar drinks, they also have specialty nonalcoholic drinks. Dit' e Nat' (day and night) offers workstations inside the café for people to bring their laptop and work throughout the day. The back terrace is energetic and often used to showcase live music weekly. (updated Dec 2022)
Marcus Coffee Shop, Rr. Bajram Kelmendi, ☏ +383 44 900078. M-Sa 07:00 – 23:00; Su 09:00-17:00. Marcus Coffee Shop serves locally roasted beans which are also available for sale in-house. Producing both Turkish and espresso-based styles of coffee, the staff will happily chat about the origins of their blends. Owner Gazmend Hoxha is passionate about coffee and takes pride in his endeavors to produce a locally roasted, high quality product. (updated Dec 2022)
Tillt Radio / Vinyl Bar. Laid-back vinyl bar, playing lounge, garage, soul and other smooths tunes. Popular with the young crowd in Pristina. Well worth the long walk and across the rail track. (updated Dec 2022)
Pijetore Ulpianë. A hip pub with young folks and decent music, no contemporary pop. Beer at €. (updated Dec 2022)
Miqt Pub, Rr. Fehmi Agani, ☏ +383 49677111. Daily 08:00-00:00. Cozy and cool interior that feels more like a proper expat pub, however it is frequented by locals. The garden is decorated with artwork and neon lights that give it an inviting feel by night. The pub has a full bar and menu with local prices and the staff is friendly and helpful. The pub hosts regular events and DJs in the evening. It is a great central place to relax or start your night before hitting the clubs. In 2021 the pub changed management. (updated Apr 2023)
Pristina Hackerspace Bar, Rr. Ganimete Terbeshi No. 61 Aktash neighborhood, info@flossk.org. Wednesday nights from 17:30. The bar is open every Wednesday nights starting from 17:30 catering to the tech community. Hand crafted beer may be available. The staff and regulars are always welcoming, and the proceeds from the bar go to support the community at Hackerspace.  €. (updated May 2024)
Pristina's nightlife is on the rise and becoming one of Europe's leading capitals for techno music. Although Pristina is known for its techno music you can experience an array of talented artists from genres such as traditional, jazz, rock, popular, rap, new age and more. For live music Pristina offers constant cool jazz scenes for you to enjoy and jam sessions to delight! Throughout the region, Pristina has a reputation for the amount of festivals that take place and are created each year. If you are interested in experiencing some of the best electronic music offered in Pristina exhibited through pop up parties throughout the year follow the promotion company Hapesira. The employees at Hapesira are the front-runners of the electronic music scene in Pristina. Pristina's club scene varies from casual Berlin style parties to classy, well-dressed establishments. Although small, the city gives off the vibe that it has something for everyone if you just know where to go. For up-to-date information on events at each club please refer to their Facebook pages.
The amount of locations is constantly evolving, as of 2022/2023 check out:
Servis. Pricey but popular raves. (updated Apr 2023)
Untersagt (Bar Klub 118 / Basstore). IG: @bar.klub.118 (updated Apr 2023)
Rockuzinë. Live rock venue. (updated Apr 2023)
Hamam Jazz Bar (Location not quite known.). (updated Apr 2023)
Besides, these are some established ones:
Zanzi Jazz Bar, Fehmi Agani. M–Sa 22:00–04:00; Sunday closed. Zanzi Jazz bar is in a basement right off of the main pedestrian boulevard. The bar has live music every night. If you're looking for a bar where you can dance all night long to music other than techno, Zanzi is the place to be in town. The house band performs covers songs of hits from around the world. Every Monday Zanzi has an open mic night and karaoke with a live band. (updated Apr 2023)
Zone Club (2 locations). Zone Club is one of the most popular clubs in Pristina. The club is open year-round with two different locations offering you techno, rap and pop DJs from around Kosovo and abroad. (updated Apr 2023)
Summer Warehouse, Fushe Kosovo Industrial zone. W F Sa 23:00–06:00. The summer location is in an abandoned warehouse in the industrial zone right outside of Pristina. Each location offer endless nights of dancing until sunrise. (updated Apr 2023)
Winter location, Rruga Garibaldi, ☏ +383 45 222 284. W F Sa 23:00–06:00. The winter location is in the heart of the city center and has multiple levels. (updated Apr 2023)
13 Rooftop (Top of the Grand Hotel), ☏ +383 45 628 628. W F Sa 23:00–05:00. 13 Rooftop is in the city center at the top of the Grand Hotel. It is Pristina's first Rooftop Lounge Bar overlooking a 360-degree view of Pristina's skyline. 13 Rooftop has two connected venues: a fully enclosed ‘Penthouse Lounge’ and a fully outfitted ‘Sway Bar/Club.’ Additionally, it also encloses 4 outdoor Rooftop Gardens, each with a different view of the city, and 1 outdoor heated smoking venue. There is typically a cover charge for men. (updated Apr 2023)
Duplex Premium, Luan Haradinaj, ☏ +383 44 555 585. W F Sa 23:00–04:00. Duplex club is a slightly pretentious but staple club in Pristina. The club fills up throughout the year and is styled for Pristina's pop and rap scene. The club does have a dress code so be sure to look smart when you go. (updated Apr 2023)
Dicka po zihet, Rruga Garibaldi (On the side of the building next to the basketball stadium that says “Prince Coffee” on top), ☏ +383 49 861 900. The bar/club has Latin nights every Monday. The patrons are typically some of Pristina's richer clientele with drink prices to match. (updated Apr 2023)
Accommodation can be very expensive in Pristina, as everything is tailored for internationals on expense accounts and hefty per diems. If you look around you should be able to find fliers offering accommodation. If you can find these places, go there as the cost is usually €10-15 per night.
Prishtina Center Hostel, Boulevard Mother Theresa 18A/7, ☏ +383 44 96 70 43, prishtinacenterhostel@gmail.com. Modern hostel. (updated May 2024)
Hostel Han, Fehmi Agani St., Nr. 2/4, 4th Floor (just of Mother Teresa Blvd.), info@hostelhan.com. (updated May 2024)
Oda Hostel (from the National Theatre Building, cross the street and head uphill), ☏ +383 49 888 164, oda.hostel@gmail.com. one of the best rated hostels in Kosovo. (updated May 2024)
Velania Guesthouse (The Professor's Guesthouse), (Velania 4/34), 34 Emrush Miftari, Prishtinë, ☏ +383 44 167 455. Free laundry service, free cable TV in every room and 24-hour free internet access (desktop computers + WLAN). Reception is open 24/7. (Taxi from the bus station shouldn't be more than €5.) €13-30.
Hostel Pristina, Rexhep Luci?, ☏ +386 49 187 791. Free pickup from bus station for the group of 3 or more people with minimum stay of 2 nights, washing machines, cable TV, Wi-Fi in whole building. All rooms with shared bathroom. €8-12 per person per night.
Hotel Afa, Ali Kelmendi Nr. 15, ☏ +383 38 225226, office@hotelafa.com. Check-out: 12:00. Free Internet and a cheap restaurant. sgl €45-75, dbl €75-112.
Hotel Begolli, Maliq Pashë Gjinolli (off Mother Thereza Street), hotel_begolli@hotmail.com. An exceptionally clean family-owned boutique hotel with five fully furnished self-contained apartments and eleven rooms. Apartments have kitchens and well appointed amenities and one suite has a full sized jacuzzi spa. Some other rooms have private jacuzzis or three beds for families. sgl €40, dbl €50, apt €50-65 (2012).
Hotel Aldi, Cagllavica nr. 303 (Çagllavicë settlement,  km South from the centre), ☏ +383 38 548802, booking@hotelaldi.com. Check-in: after 12:00, check-out: 12:00. Fresh, modern family-run hotel. sgl €25-35 and dbl €45-55.
Hotel Princi i Arberit, 27 Nëntori, (Near to Stadiumi Te Adnani. - some 4 km from the centre), ☏ +383 38 244244. Modern five-star hotel. It is often empty, with a risk that the restaurant may be closed and the heating switched off. Internet is available. Recreation Center include massage room, indoor pool, sauna, solarium. sgl/dbl €40/50 suite €80-100.
Chalet Denis and Mumtaz Mahal (Hotel Denis), Ahmet Krasniqi. The chalet offers great views of the city from Dragodan Hill, near the US embassy and NATO's KFOR Film City base. Friendly service and the best banana splits in Pristina, presented in a Swiss chalet-style atmosphere. Now incorporates the menu and staff of the Mumtaz Mahal Indian/Nepalese alongside its normal Italian/Albanian menu.
Hotel Sara, Maliq Pashë Gjinolli St (in the heart of the bazaar), ☏ +383 38 236203, info@hotel-sara.com. Rooms for one to three people and renovated albeit very simple. Clean and basic, this hotel features lurid red and green corridors, a handful of satellite television channels, a few rooms with small jacuzzis and a garage for two cars. Single €25; Double/twin €35; Triple €45; Suite €55.
Hotel Victory, Mother Teresa, p.n, ☏ +383 38 543277, fax: +381 38 543 286. On the southern side of the city, about 15 minutes walk from the centre. A friendly and upmarket hotel. Rooms have air conditioning and wireless internet works well throughout. Excellent breakfast with lots of fresh fruit and pastries. Dinner in the restaurant - about €10 for a meal with drinks. €80.
Hotel Sirius, Agim Ramadani,, ☏ +383 038 222280, +383 044 111111. Centrally located and offering a luxurious top-floor restaurant providing unique city views. Rooms are supremely decorated and equipped with air-conditioning, an LCD TV, a minibar and a safety deposit box. Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the hotel. Wake-up service can be arranged. Private bathroom provides a shower and hairdryer. sgl./dbl. €85/110.
Emerald Hotel (south 4 km), ☏ +383 038 588888, reservation@emeraldhotel.info. One of Pristina's largest hotels, the Emerald is on the south-western edge of the city on the highway to Skopje, past Bau Market. Large conference center. €89 to 395.
Swiss Diamond Hotel Prishtina, Mother Teresa Sq, reservations@sdhprishtina.com. Luxury hotel on the main pedestrian street. (updated May 2024)
Four Points by Sheraton Prishtina City, California Street Nr 52, Marigona Residence, Preoc, ☏ +38338400300. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 12:00. further away from the city. (updated May 2024)
The White Tree, Mujo Ulqinaku No. 59 (Peyton Neighborhood) (a five-minute walking distance to the city centre, in the quiet, calm and peaceful Peyton neighbourhood; it is on Mujo Ulqinaku Street, opposite the 42 floor skyscraper under construction), ☏ +38349166777, administration@whitetreeks.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 11:00. Boutique hotel. (updated May 2024)
Grand Hotel Pristina Unio Commerce, Garibaldi. Check-in: 13:00, check-out: 11:00. A state company during the Communist era and in the process of privatization, The Grand Hotel has not been substantially renovated yet—and as such the place is very worn and rightfully mocked for its ironic name. Dangerous electrical connections, and substandard bathrooms especially require attention. The hotel offers seven halls for every kind of activities, Meeting/Conference rooms, Bar, Restaurant, Room service, Fax. wireless and cable internet, business center. Room Facilities: Minibar, Telephone and cable TV.
City Inn, Fazli Greiçevci 55 (off Mother Teresa Boulevard). Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 10:00. 8-room boutique hotel with modern facilities and smart designs, located only couple of minutes walking distance to the main city spots – central business and institutions district together with many tourist attractions nearby. (updated May 2024)
Mercure Prishtina City, 15 Agron Berisha (near Film City), ☏ +383 48 348 348, HB762-RE@ACCOR.COM. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 11:00. (updated May 2024)
Hotel Garden, Agim Çela No.1, Kalabria Neighbhorhood. Hotel is knows for its cuisine, pool and spa. (updated May 2024)
Hotel Opera, Fehmi Agani St. (near Main Government Building, off Mother Teresa Sq.), ☏ +383 44 603 604, info@hoteloperapr.com. recently opened hotel, as of 2024. (updated May 2024)
Hotel Manami, Fehmi Agani St. no. 2 (near Main Government Building, off Mother Teresa Sq.). recently opened hotel, as of 2024. (updated May 2024)
Nartel Hotel, Kalabria Bll B2 Llam B Prishtinë (from the Bus Station roundabout, prooced towards traffic lights and turn right), ☏ +38345707080, contact@hotelnartel.com. walkable from the Main Bus Station. (updated May 2024)
Hotel Prishtina, Rr. “Pashko Vasa” nr.20-Qyteza Pejton, ☏ +383 38 223284. The Hotel Pristina is used by many international workers, including UN workers and members of the international police. It is very clean, has comfortable rooms, offers free internet access (including wifi), and the price of the room includes breakfast.
Hotel Ora, Rruga Anton Zako Çajupi 4 (North 1 km), ☏ +383 38 233 709, +383 44 157 835, info@hotelora.eu. Ora has welcomed many guests, beginning from the deceased President of Kosovo Ibrahim Rugova, statesmen from all the world, beginning from Bill Clinton to continue with current vice president Joseph Biden, former EU representative for foreign policy, Javier Solana, French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner, his Russian colleague Sergej Lavrov and well known European and American politicians. Laying in the city centre, near central local and international institutions of Kosovo, with its calm, discretion and adaption for the guests, with a professional staff. email hotelora@yahoo.com.
Hotel Ambassador (Near the Swiss Liaison Office in the Velania neighbourhood). This is also up to the standards of a discerning visitor.
In the Dardania neighbourhood (the residential blocks between the bus station and the centre), be careful when the beggar children are around: they may follow you for a while, speaking (presumably in Albanian), and may just come too suspiciously close to your bag and pockets behind you in the meantime.
Pristina is rebuilding, and some of the city roads now are new, but if you are driving, you still must be on the lookout for large potholes.
Albania, Mujo Ulqinaku St. No. 18, ☏ +383 38 248 208, embassy.pristina@mfa.gov.al.
Belgium, Kuvendi i Bujanit St. No. 23/A, ☏ +383 38 518 918, pristina@diplobel.fed.be.
China, Ismajl Qemajli No. 115, Arbëria Neighborhood, ☏ +383 38 604 508, cnofficeks@gmail.com.
Czechia, Ismail Qemali St. No. 132, ☏ +383 38 246 676, pristina@embassy.mzv.cz.
Germany, Str. Azem Jashanica 17, Dragodan II, ☏ +383 38 254577, fax: +383 38 254536, info@pris.diplo.de. M-F 09:00-17:30.
Hungary (Ambasada Hungareze), 24 May Street (Metush Krasniqi).
Italy, Mujo Ulqinaku St. No. 9, Petjon Neighbhorhood, ☏ +383 38 244 925, segreteria.pristina@esteri.it.
Japan. Affairs handled at Embassy in Vienna, Austria.
North Macedonia, ul 24 Maj br 121, ☏ +383 38 247462, prishtina@mfa.gov.mk.
Finland, Str. Perandori Justinian No. 19, Pejton, 10000 Pristina, ☏ +383 38 737000, fax: +383 38 732863, sanomat.pri@formin.fi.
France, Qemali/Dragodan, Ismail street 67, ☏ +383 38 22 458800, fax: +383 38 22 45 88 01, admin-etrangers.pristina-amba@diplomatie.gouv.fr. M-F 09:00-17:30.
Luxemburgh, Selim Berisha St. Nr.18 Arbëria Neigbhorhood, ☏ +383 38 226 787, pristina.amb@mae.etat..
Montenegro, Mother Teeresa St. 28/3, 10000, ☏ +383 38 222 048, kosovo@mfa.gov.me.
Netherlands, Xhemajl Berisha St. No.12 Velania Neighbhorhood, ☏ +383 38 516 101, pri@minbuza.nl.
Norway, Sejdi Kryeziu St. No. 8, Pejton Neigbhorhood, ☏ +383 38 232 111 00, emb.prishtina@mfa.no.
Romania, Azem Jashanica St. No. 25, Arberia Neighborhood, ☏ +383 38 604 272, pristina@mae.ro.
Russia, Eduard Liri St. No. 20, Arberia Neighborhood, ☏ +383 38 247 112, ruschanemb@kujtesa.com.
United Kingdom, Arberia/Dragodan, Ismail Qemali 6 (Near to Parku Arbëria), ☏ +383 038 254700, britishembassy.pristina@fco.gov.uk.
United States, Arberia/Dragodan, Nazim Hikmet 30, ☏ +383 38 59 59 3000, fax: +383 38 549 890, ConsularPristina@state.gov.
Slovakia, Selim Berisha No.11, Arberia Neigbhorhood, ☏ +383 38 240-140, pristina@mzv.sk.
Slovenia, Anton Qeta St. No.6, Aktash Neigbhorhood, ☏ +383 38 224 112, sloembassy.pristina@gov.si.
Sweden, Perandori Justian St. No. 111, Pejton Neighbhorhood, ☏ +383 38 245 795.
Switzerland, Adrian Krasniqi 11, ☏ +383 38 248090, +383 38 248 088, +383 38 248089, pri.vertretung@eda.admin.ch. (updated Jun 2017)
Gjakova – The western Kosovan city with the largest Ottoman-era bazaar in the Balkans, is 89 km, 90 minutes and €4 away by bus.
Prizren – Can be interesting. Buses depart from the bus terminal or you could hire a taxi for the day.
Gračanica – Nearby, and can be arranged by taxi for roughly €5 from near Albi Mall.
Novo Brdo – A rural area with diverse food and activities.
Skopje (North Macedonia) – The capital city is only a two-hour bus ride from town, buses depart regularly from the bus station. The trip will cost €5, or €10 using the Skopje airport shuttle.
This city travel guide to Pristina has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!