Providenciales is one of the Turks and Caicos Islands, in the Caribbean.
Providenciales International Airport (PLS IATA). a small airport, which can become overcrowded very easily. Prior to arriving you should schedule a shuttle or taxi to meet you promptly after your flight lands ($28). When departing from Provo's airport, be sure to arrive at the airport approximately three to four hours beforehand, especially on Saturdays. Saturday is the busiest day at the airport. American and Delta offer multiple non-stop flights. The lines will most likely be out the door. Located inside the airport is a place to purchase preservatives and souvenirs. Check in is divided into two lines. Line one is baggage check, while line two is the security check. Make sure you are in the correct line and do not hesitate to ask for help if you have never been to this airport before.
If you don't pre-arrange a taxi, you may have to pay as much as $33 for a car. Some drivers may try to scam you for more.
Air Canada offers non-stop service from Toronto-Pearson and seasonal service from Halifax, Montreal-Trudeau, and Ottawa.
American Airlines offers non-stop service from Boston, Charlotte, Dallas/Fort Worth, Miami, and Philadelphia.
Bahamas Air offers service from Nassau.
British Airways offers service from London via Nassau.
Delta offers non-stop service from Atlanta.
jetBlue offers non-stop service from New York-JFK, and seasonal service from Boston.
United offers non-stop service from Newark.
WestJet offers non-stop service from Toronto-Pearson and seasonal service from Montreal-Trudeau.
Local airlines offer service from nearby islands.
Since there are no public buses, families or those wishing to travel to dinner and other attractions should rent a vehicle. In the Grace Bay area, there are many shops are within walking distance. If you are residing at resorts along the Grace Bay strip, a free shuttle will most likely be offered to take you to certain areas along Leeward Highway. Some of these places include: Yoshi's, Calico Jack's, Jimmy's Dive Bar, local boutiques, and the Graceway Supermarket.
Taxis can get expensive if you are traveling from the heart of Grace Bay to areas surrounding the Turtle Cove Marina. The charge is approximately $6-8 per person. If you are staying along the strip of resorts (Seven Stars, Club Med Turkoise, Grace Bay Club, Point Grace, etc.) you are in great walking distance to a handful of restaurants, pubs, boutiques, and island entertainment (i.e. scuba diving, sailing, kiteboarding).
Beaches. More than half the coastline of Providenciales is beach, covered in soft sand. Some beaches have sharp shells. Keep well clear of the path of any boats, as reckless boat operators have killed travellers. Free, all beaches are public..
Dive Provo, ☏ +1 649 946-5040. Owned and operated by Alan and Clare Jardine, both SSI Platinum Pros, each with over 20 years experience in the dive industry.
Provo Golf Club. An 18 Hole Championship Golf Course on Providenciales which holds an annual Amateur Tournament. It hosted the Caribbean Amateur Open in 1999 and 2009.
Kenard Cruises, Turtle Cove Marina (Next to Shark Bite Restaurant), ☏ +1 649 232-3866. 9AM-6PM. They specialize in custom cruises, using a power catamaran. custom.
Kite Provo. Kite boarding on Long Bay beach. Lessons are needed in order to understand wind conditions, learn about equipment, and avoid trees! Certified instructors are available upon reservation.
Nautique Sports. Rent a boat for a full (or half) day and spend it wakeboarding, skiing, and tubing. Picnic on exclusive private beaches and snorkel with some of the world’s most beautiful fish and coral.
Provo Ponies. Call in advance for a reservation for a pony ride.
Provo Turtle Divers, 2 locations: Turtle Cove Marina and Ocean Club Resorts, both in Providenciales, ☏ +1 649-946-4232, toll-free: +1 800 833 1341, fax: +1 649-941-5296, info@ProvoTurtleDivers.com. 8:00am - 5:00pm except that Turtle Cove Shop location is closed Sundays. Oldest and most experienced dive operation in the Turks & Caicos Islands.
Silver Deep. You can choose to sail on one of their fifteen vessels. There is a variety of excursions and fishing adventures. The captains at Silver Deep are some of the best: They know where the best fishing locations are, and they are very eager to entertain.
Snuba Turks and Caicos, The Windsong Resort, Stubbs Rd., ☏ +1 649 241-7010. There's no experience needed to take their tour. If you can breathe, look and kick your legs then you too can SNUBA.
Big Blue Collective, Leeward Marina, ☏ +16499465034, info@bigbluecollective.com. 7:30AM-5:30PM. The only eco watersport company in TCI, started in 1997 with a focus on protection and education by two explorers way before it was cool to be eco-friendly. Over 20 years in adventure and expertise from kayaking, paddleboarding, kiteboarding, snorkeling, diving and boating. (updated Oct 2019)
Poseidon Charters, Turtle Cove Marina, ☏ +1 649 232-3633, info@poseidontci.com. 8AM to 9PM. Day, half day & sunset cruises choice of 3 boats,snorkel, jet ski, island hopping. (updated May 2022)
Conch Festival, Three Queen's Bar (Blue Hills). The Annual Conch Festival is a great day out in November. The popular beach-side event attracts tourists and locals alike to celebrate the islands’ most famous delicacy, historical icon, and number one export. The main event will take place on Saturday afternoon (November 24th) in the charming Blue Hills area of Providenciales, outside of Three Queen’s Bar & Restaurant.
Anacaona at Grace Bay Club. A very quaint formal dining location that overlooks the ocean.
Jimmy's Dive Bar & Grill. A great place to grab a drink and eat a very inexpensive, delicious meal. Jimmy’s has a great environment, a strong rum punch, but the service is usually slow. As the menu says, do not dine there if you are late for your flight.
Coco Bistro. Outside seating surrounded by twinkling lights and canopy palm trees. The fish is freshly cooked, and the staff is very friendly.
The Grill at Grace Bay Club. Unlike Anacaona, Grace Bay Club’s formal dining area, The Grill is a more informal, inexpensive eating area. With the ability to sit outside under umbrella’s overlooking the ocean, or sitting under a roof while still outside, the Grill offers a wide selection of food and a pleasant experience.
Tiki Hut Cabana Bar and Grill. Casual and laid back dining is located at Turtle Cove Marina, just 10 minutes from the heart of Grace Bay. This grill has great food for a good price. Try the daily fish, while enjoying a Turks Head beer. Wednesday night they serve $12 chicken/ribs.
Yoshis Japanese Restaurant. Yoshis has indoor and outdoor dining. The sushi is very fresh and the staff is very friendly. They have a wide selection on the menu. It is recommended to make a reservation.
Calico Jack's. Fabulous home cooking, and live music on Friday nights. Calico Jack's is also open for lunch.
Danny Bouy's Irish Pub and Restaurant. Happy Hour is M-F 4-7PM. Shoot a game on free pool on Thursday night and be sure to try the Shepherds Pie. This restaurant features imported beers.
The Bagatelle at the Ganzevoort. Delicious fresh cooked food but pricey. Dress code is upscale.
Bella Luna Ristorante. Italian aromas fill the air. One of the best Italian restaurants on the island. Indoor and outdoor terrace seating.
Restaurant at Amanyara. Gourmet cuisine with an a la carte menu.
Lemon Cafe. Lemon Café serves fresh, flavorful upscale-casual Mediterranean dishes prepared using as much local produce as possible in their creation.
Martha's Kitchen, Three Queens Bar (Blue Hills). Best authentic TCI food on Provo. Great location to chill out.
A spotted eagle ray photographed while snorkeling at Princess Alexandra National Park (Coral Gardens), Providenciales
Try these tasty colorful alcoholic beverages
Flaming Provo. This flaming drink is served at the Infinity Bar at Grace Bay Club.
Infinity Martini. Grace Bay Club's signature drink. Made with Hypnotic, Malibu, and pineapple juice.
Rum Punch. An island favorite, made with Captain Morgan, Crème De Banana, Myers, Orange, and Pineapple Lime Juice
Turks Head Beer. Signature island beer.
Flaming Bob Marley. Divide a tall shot glass into thirds, fill the lowest third with grenadine syrup, the middle third with creme de menthe, and float the 151 in the top third. Light the 151 on fire, and drink through a straw.
Three Queen's Bar, Blue Hills. Dick's Bar on North Side Blue Hills, home of the Annual Conch Festival in November.
Providenciales is very residential with only one casino and nightclub on the island. Enjoy your night life at a bar with the locals or listening to the soothing sounds of the island during various live music nights.
Casablanca Casino. Within walking distance from Grace Bay Club, Casablanca is the only operating casino in Provo. Complimentary drinks are served while you are playing.
Calico Jack's. Great outdoor restaurant/bar. Live music and outdoor seating.
Danny Buoys. Great place to shoot a game of pool, grab a drink, dance to some music, or just socialize.
Infinity Bar. Located at Grace Bay Club, enjoy a cocktail and snack while staring into the sunset.
At music venues, listen to island beats of reggae, rock, and blues performed by local groups. Performances usually take place every week, but Friday is traditionally the biggest night for music on the island. Speak to a concierge member to find out which hotels and local restaurants are having live music on specific nights.}}
Alexandra Resort & Spa, Grace Bay Beach, toll-free: +1 800-284-0699. This resort on Grace Bay Beach includes 145 studios and 1- and 2-bedroom suites.
Caribbaway on Long Bay Beach. 3-bedroom ocean front vacation villa rental on the beach. Free optional use of 4x4 for guests. Ocean views. Sleeps up to 8.
Club Med. All-inclusive property, open to singles and couples 18 and older. Snorkeling excursions, Hobie Cat sailboats, a circus trampoline and trapeze are some of the daily activities at Club Med. Nightly shows are provided.
dead link Gansevoort Turks and Caicos, Grace Bay Beach, toll-free: +1 888-844-5986. Hotel with 91 rooms overlooking Grace Bay Beach. This hotel provides complimentary Wi-Fi.
Grace Bay Club, ☏ +1 649-946-5757, toll-free: +1-800-946-5757. Perched on 11 acres of beachfront. 3 outdoor swimming pools. Two speciality pools are for adults only and estate guests. The Infinity bar and lounge is a place where you can sip on a cocktail overlooking the beach and have a small meal. There is a speciality restaurant which has a dress code and is high in price, but serves outstanding meals. Standard rooms include iPod docking stations and air conditioning. Bathrooms include double sinks, separate bathtubs and showers, and bathrobes.
dead link Grace Bay Place, 81 Grace Bay Rd., ☏ +1 649 232-9663. Check-in: weekly, check-out: weekly. 1- and 2-bedroom housekeeping units. Pool. 5 min. to Grace Bay Beach. On main road 2-minute walk to Saltmills. $975-1800/wk.
Gracehaven Villa, 18 Stubbs Road, The Bight Settlement, ☏ +1-519-857-4156, info@gracehavenproperty.com. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 11:00. A modern-design vacation rental villa completed in 2020. It has a private pool and is 250 yards from Grace Bay beach. Two covered balconies. Air conditioned.. Fully kitchen with dishwasher,Wi-fi and smart TVs. Parking (updated Jun 2020)
dead link Northwest Point Resort, 1 Davie Bight Road, ☏ +1 649-941-5133, reservations@bluemountainlodges.ca. Secluded resort in the northwest part of Providenciales, featuring fully furnished condos and pristine beaches.
formerly dead link The Palms. A beautiful island resort featuring 72 suites on the shores of Grace Bay Beach.
Point Grace, Grace Bay Road, ☏ +1 649-941-7743, reservations@pointgrace.com. Point Grace on Grace Bay is a unique boutique hotel with 28 one, two-, three- and four-bedroom suites and penthouses.
The Regent Grand (On Grace Bay), ☏ +1 649-941-7770, toll-free: +1 877-537-3314. 54-suite resort.
formerly dead link The Regent Palms at Grace Bay (Grace Bay beach). 166 rooms and suites in a five-story building. Some rooms have a view of the ocean and white powder beaches. Water bottles are delivered to your room daily as well as a turn down service.
Roi Soleil, Turtle Tail, toll-free: +1 800 516-4318. Gorgeous 3-bedroom vacation rental on the beach with great views. Rental includes use of two kayaks, paddle boat, and midweek maid service. Start at $6000/week.
Royal West Indies Resort. This resort offers 120 spacious studios and suites (all nonsmoking) in eight three-story buildings without elevators. Suites include fully equipped kitchens. All units include TVs with U.S. cable channels, DVD players (complimentary DVDs available), and CD players. All units include a washer/dryers.
Sands at Grace Bay, ☏ +1 649-946-5199, toll-free: +1-877-77, fax: +1 649-946-5198.
Sapphire Sunsets Beach Villa, Providenciales, ☏ +1 781-263-7227. Vacation villa right on Sapodilla Bay Beach. 5 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, private pool, kayaks, stunning views, faces west for amazing sunsets. Sleeps 8-13. Rates start at $6000/week.
Seven Stars on Grace Bay. This four-star property caters mostly to families. There are 115 rooms, some of which have kitchenettes that include refrigerators, stovetops, and microwaves. Guests are offered a complimentary breakfast. Additional amenities include pool tables, poolside bar, fitness center, and a children's club.
Sunset Point Oceanfront Villa, ☏ +1 661-290-2629, toll-free: +1 800 730-9589. Four-bedroom vacation villa available for rental year-round. Features ocean views from every room, private pool, gated entry, game room. Located on the shore in a quiet neighborhood of oceanfront estates. Rates start at $3600/week..
Three Dolphins Sandy Beachfront Tennis Villa, Long Bay (follow Leeward highway north to Long Bay road, turn right and follow the paved road to the ocean and turn left onto Long Bay Beach road), ☏ +1 519 631-7340, threedolphinsvilla@gmail.com. This 9-bedroom villa is situated on 217 feet of beautiful sandy beach on Long Bay. There is complimentary Wi-Fi, a private lit tennis court, 42-foot pool, large play set, outdoor chess set, pool table, hot tub, BBQ, kayaks, roped off swim area, 165-foot portico (outdoor living under a covered roof overlooking the ocean), TV-DVD in every room, large grand dining room and living room but also separate living rooms and kitchens for personal privacy within the group. Mid-week cleaning is complimentary and there is 24/7 villa manager. Wheelchair accessible. low season 12100/week 4 bedrooms.
The Tuscany on Grace Bay, ☏ +1 649-946-4667.
Villa Oasis. 7-bedroom villa on Grace Bay.]]
Villa Renaissance (On Grace Bay), ☏ +1 649-941-5300, toll-free: +1 877-285-8764. 36-suite resort.
Windsong Resort, Stubbs Rd, Grace Bay, toll-free: +1 800 946-3766. A resort on Grace Bay Beach that features 50 one-, two- and three-bedroom condominiums.
This city travel guide to Providenciales is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.