Pune (Marathi: पुणे Puṇe), formerly Poona, is the second largest city in the Indian state of Maharashtra with an estimated population of  million as of 2020. It is also considered the state's cultural capital. Pune is known for its educational tourism and has a blend of cultural, business, health, and cuisine tourism background. The large student population in the city makes for a lively nightlife and vibrant atmosphere. Pune also houses fantastic restaurants, good museums, and hill forts which offer panoramic views.
Pune (poo-nneh) has a long history that stretches back nearly 1600 years. Pataleshwar caves (near Jangli Maharaj Road) from the 5th century are evidence of Pune's old settlements.
Pune is a gateway to knowledge about the past with opportunities to learn from the help of forts, monuments, museums and higher-learning institutions. From the medieval Maratha history of King Shivaji to a visit to Aga Khan Palace to learn about Mahatma Gandhi's non-violent freedom struggle, there is much to learn here. If the quote "Freedom is my birthright and I shall have it!" sounds interesting, make a visit to the Gayakwadwada museum. If interested in ancient Indian history or Indology, then Deccan College, Bharat Itihas Sanshodhak Mandal, and Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute are places of research and learning and house their own museums as well.
Pune has been called the "Oxford of the East". It is a university town. There are many colleges and institutes here that offer everything from engineering to fine arts. These establishments boast a large number of foreign students in addition to locals.
The climate of Pune is quite pleasant. Pune has three distinct seasons: summer, monsoon and winter. Summers are typically hot with maximum temperatures ranging from 35 to 42°C. The warmest month in Pune is generally April as compared to the rest of the Deccan Plateau where it is May.
Pune does not get very hot. Even during the peak of summer, the air is cool and standing under a tree can give respite from the heat. However, as frequent sunlight can cause sunburn, be sure to carry and use sunscreens (above SPF-30). The nights in Pune are significantly cooler than most other parts of this region due to its high altitude.
The average rainfall is approx 550 mm. The city often receives thundershowers with heavy downpours in May, which brings down the temperature. The rainy season can sometimes be gloomy, with cloud cover for many days in a row. In winter, day temperatures can be as low as 24 - 28°C and temperatures at night as low as 5 - 8°C. Winters are generally dry. Normally, the climate in Pune is pleasant during the month of November.
Pune is a fairly cosmopolitan city. Although Marathi is the official language of the city and also the most common language spoken on the streets, most people also speak Hindi along with English.
Pune is a major transportation hub for Western Maharashtra. It serves as the gateway for the numerous hill stations in the Sahyadri Hills.
Pune Airport (PNQ IATA), Lohegaon (10 km ( mi) from the city centre, about 30 minutes to an hour to reach, depending on traffic conditions). The airport is served by some domestic carriers but the number of flights is limited since the airport is under the control of the air force. International flights operate only to Dubai and Singapore. For arrivals, there is a money exchange stand, a duty-free shop and a pre-paid taxi stall; in airside departures, there are snack stalls and a duty-free store. The business lounge is basic. If getting a direct flight proves difficult, then taking a flight to Mumbai and then travelling by taxi or train to Pune is a feasible option. A long-distance private taxi journey should take around three hours and cost about ₹3000. (updated Jun 2023)
Pune has many connections to other Indian cities by train. Check train availability on the Indian Rail website before you go, as train timings are subject to change. There are mainline routes to Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Chennai and Mumbai.
Pune Junction CR . An above-average Indian station, it contains an information booth, an internet café, and a computerized ticket booking office. Trolleys are not available, but porters can be hired to help with luggage. Licensed porters wear a red shirt with a metallic arm band bearing their serial number. The official rates in Maharashtra are ₹25 for up to 10 kg/3 pieces of luggage (whichever is less); ₹20 per additional 5 kg/piece of luggage (whichever is less); a lightweight briefcase not exceeding 300 cm³ is not included, but carries a ₹5 surcharge. (updated Feb 2023)
Pune is served by three national highways (NH) and an expressway.
NH 4 between Mumbai in the west and Chennai in the south passes through Pune. NH 4, a part of the Golden Quadrilateral of highways connects Pune to Bangalore also. Satara, Kolhapur and Kagal all in Maharashtra are connected to Pune by NH 4. National Highway 4 runs through the villages of Shirwal, Naraspur, Hadapsar, Khadki, Tolegaon, Wadgaon, Lonavala, and Khandala within Pune district.
NH 9 connects Pune in Maharashtra to Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh. Indapur, Solapur, and Umarga in Maharashtra, followed by Rajeshwar, Homnabad, and Mangalgi in Karnataka, and thereafter Zahirabad, Hyderabad, Suryapeta and Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh are connected by NH 9 to Pune. The villages of Kambhargaon, Bhigvan, Ravangaon, Loni Kaibhor, and Theur within the district of Pune are connected by this highway.
NH 50 connects Pune to Nashik. The cities of Sangamner, Narayangaon, and Khed all in Maharashtra are connected by this highway. Chakan, Rajgurunagar, Malegaon, Mancharo, Kalamb, Narayangaon, and Aleo are the important locations on this highway between Pune and Nashik.
Buses: Government operated versus privately operated
Tourists travelling between Pune and Mumbai are advised to travel by the state government-run buses (MSRTC "Shivneri" bus; online reservations available) wherever possible. These Volvo buses cost almost the same (₹320) as the private buses and they have fewer stops during the journey since private buses try to pick up passengers on the way. Buses run very frequently (every 15 min) and are also punctual. You can be sure of reaching your destination within the stipulated time. Most of the private buses wait until they get enough passengers before departing, which can cause delays. When arriving at the bus depot, beware of touts trying to direct you to the wrong bus and clarify you're looking for the Shivneri.
It takes about three hours to get from the Mumbai airport to Pune via the Pune-Mumbai Expressway. Private and state-owned companies (MSRTC) operate luxury buses on this route and run 24-hour service with buses departing every fifteen minutes. MSRTC buses charge approximately ₹200 (Non AC) and ₹420 (AC) for the journey. The MSRTC A/C "Shivneri" buses operate between 5:30AM - midnight. Below are arrival and departure points for buses from cities and villages outside of Pune.
MSRTC Bus Depot Pune Station, Sanjay Gandhi Rd, Agarkar Nagar. This bus stand (next to the railway station and also considered to be the main bus stand) mainly serves buses on the Mumbai route. Most services make a stop at Lonavala. (updated Mar 2016)
Shivaji Nagar, Rambhau K Kamble Path. This bus stand serves buses for Vidarbha, Konkan, Marathwada and Northern Maharshtra. A few services connect with other cities in the neighbouring state of Gujarat. Buses run by Gujarat Roadways run to Vadodara, Ahmedabad, Surat, Kandla and Rajkot. The bus station is outside the Shivaji Nagar Railway station. (updated Mar 2016)
Swargate ST Stand, Satara Rd. This bus stand serves buses covering the Western Maharashtra and Konkan Region. (updated Mar 2016)
Katraj. This is not exactly a bus stand but for most of the Interstate buses, this acts as a pickup and drop point. (updated Mar 2016)
Shared cabs operate on a route from Pune City Station to Dadar, Mumbai. These taxis seat 4 to 5 people and charge ₹300 per person using a regular car, ₹800 for a Fiat Premier and ₹1000 for an Ambassador. Cool cabs (taxis with air conditioning) are also available which charge higher. The rates for such doorstep taxi services start from ₹2100 (including toll tax). Uber Intercity also operates between Mumbai and Pune for about ₹2000.
There is a minimum charge of ₹18 for the first  km and ₹ for every km after. Fares are rounded to the nearest whole number. The meters now calculate this fare automatically (in the past you had to look up the meter's output on a tariff card, which was itself subject to be counterfeit). Still, there can be additional costs due to large bags or if it is past midnight, but this shouldn't be too much.
Streets in the centre of Pune
There is a massive army of three-wheeled rickshaws. Some prepaid rickshaw stands can be found at Shivajinagar, Swargate Bus Depot and Pune Airport. All rickshaws plying in the Pune Municipal Corporation limits are supposed to charge according to the meter.
Drivers will give you endless excuses why they cannot use the meter. They are required by law to have a working meter and use it, and this will almost always be the cheapest for you too. If they still refuse, walk away: there are plenty of other rickshaws on the roads. In fact, drivers of rickshaws that you flag down from the streets (if practical and possible) will often be more agreeable than those waiting in stands, who demand more fare.
The driver may occasionally stop to ask for directions depending on how familiar he is with the area. Nowadays, many auto rickshaw drivers try to charge extra for long distances or very short distances, or they refuse the fare. Stick to the demand of charging by meter and refuse strongly to pay any extra amount, unless it is past midnight. It is very common for rickshaw drivers plying between 11PM and 6AM to demand 1½ times the normal rates for the journey. You are advised to get this cleared with the driver before boarding the rickshaw.
If they realise you are not from the city, they may try to take longer routes to the destination to charge extra money from you. Thus, outsiders and foreigners, use your own judgement before boarding any auto rickshaw. Autorickshaw drivers may also refuse to travel to quite a few parts of the city at their convenience; however, this is against the law if their meter reads "on hire" in the upright position. If the sign is turned sideways, the rickshaw driver is not working and can refuse you.
If you have complaints against auto drivers for not accepting short-distance rides (or any rides), asking more meter fare, not using a meter, taking other passengers along the way, carrying more passengers than allowed capacity, stopping at bus stands or other similar complaints of serious nature, you can email or call the Road Transport Authorities at ☏ +91 20 2205 1414 or 020-27492828 (PCMC) or email rtopune@dataone.in. Traffic cops usually come right away to the spot to book a complaint against the driver. Commuters can also send their MMS pictures at +91 9420218338. The complaints should clearly mention all details including the auto's registration number, the time of taking the rickshaw, details of auto fare, the distance commuted, locations, date, time, and nature of the complaint. After so many calls and complaints, the RTO/police can fine them as heavily as ₹50 for refusal of service.
City buses in Pune are run by the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML). PMPML has replaced its ageing fleet with CNG buses, and as of March 2023 is replacing them with AC electric buses. But the new buses might not run on unpopular routes. Almost all parts of the city are connected by the PMPML city buses. Major city bus stands include Corporation, Shivaji Nagar, Swargate, Kothrud depot, Nigdi, Hadapsar, Katraj and Deccan. Shivaji Nagar is believed to be the busiest bus stand in the state of Maharashtra. The fare is calculated by distance, and ranges from ₹5 to 30. It is advised to opt for a daily bus pass if you are going to take multiple buses. The pass costs between ₹40 and ₹50. To travel to other cities from Pune, there are many private bus operators available. You can find it on the bus booking sites like Redbus, Abhibus, and Myticketbuddy.
PMPML also operates a bus rapid transit system called Rainbow Bus Rapid Transit System (Rainbow BRTS). It runs on four BRT routes with dedicated infrastructure.
Though there is a lot of traffic in Pune you can't compare it to Cairo or Kolkata. A majority of the vehicles are two-wheelers and apart from the peak hours, the roads in Pune are sparsely filled. There are quite a few car rental agencies in Pune. Most of them charge around ₹2500 a day for a mid-size car. There are extra charges for distances above 100 km. It is recommended to get a driver if you are not familiar with Indian cities and this also helps remove the problem of finding parking. Even in India, the interpretation of traffic conventions is very flexible and not for the inexperienced or faint-hearted. There are also taxis available like Uber, and OLA which charge fairly as compared to auto rickshaws.
If you are driving a car always be careful, since motorbike riders may overtake you from left or right and cut lanes without warning.
Several radio taxi companies operate in Pune. Uber and Ola are easily available throughout the city.
Ali Cool Cab, S.No. 59/1A, Shop No. 06, Sulai Complex, opposite Desai Hospital, Mohammad Wadi, ☏ +91 9767433709, info@alicoolcab.com. Professional cab operator for Pune to outstation trips. ₹2100. (updated Apr 2016)
CabX, Kondhwa Budruk, ☏ +91 7778889994. (updated Feb 2017)
Just Car, Near Premanand Park, Parmar Nagar, ☏ +91 9527779813. Pin: 411040. Taxis and car rental. 1799. (updated May 2016)
WheelocityTaxi, Viman nagar, Pune. Professionally Managed by an engineer. Call +91 8459581857. ( Updated May 2024)
ClearCarRental, Shivaji nagar, ☏ +91 88888 55220.
This city was once known as the city of bicycles, but now it has turned into the city of motorcycles. Most traffic rules are completely ignored in Pune and there are ten times as many two-wheelers as there are cars. The general attitude towards riding motorbikes in the city is that of total ignorance of any set-forth traffic regulations along with complete disregard for one's safety (including not wearing a helmet). Here people ride motorbikes as if they are riding a war horse and will generally try to overtake every vehicle in front. Minor accidents on motorbikes are common; You are advised to be careful even when your signal is green as the traffic flow from other directions generally does not stop immediately. Wearing a helmet is compulsory in Pune. The fine for driving without a helmet has been increased from ₹100 to ₹500, which includes both the rider as well as the pillion.
Pune's roads might turn to horrid potholes from the smooth tarmac in a matter of seconds when it rains. Always be on the lookout. The addition of new bicycle tracks all over has made an improvement in two-wheeler traffic.
If you do want to hire a two-wheeler, there are two outfits that rent these vehicles in Pune. A 100cc Bajaj Platina will cost ₹200 a day and an automatic Honda scooter will cost ₹300. If you are planning on day trips from Pune you would be best with the larger wheels and light weight of a motorcycle rather than a scooter. Both outfits will most likely deliver to your accommodation if you ask nicely.
Mehta Autos, Mr Mukesh Mehta, 451 Somwar Peth Nr Khadiche Maidan Chowk, Behind Apollo Talkies cinema, Somwar Peth, ☏ +91 20 26127864, +91 9371026288. (updated Mar 2016)
Blossoms, Mr Shakeel Shaikh, 15, Bund Garden Rd, ☏ +91 9890829786. (updated Mar 2016)
The Pune Suburban Railway Suburban is the suburban railway network connecting Pune to its adjoining suburbs. As of June 2023, it has three routes:
Pune Junction–Daund–Baramati, used by Diesel Electric Multiple Units (DEMUs)
Pune Metro is the metro system serving the city. As of 2023, it has two lines:
Purple Line Purple (PCMC Bhavan–Phugewadi)
Aqua Line Aqua (Vanaz–Garware College)
Statue of Bajirao Peshwa at Shaniwar wada
Statue of Common Man at the entrance of R K Laxman Museum
Pune is the cultural capital of Maharashtra. The Marathi film industry is also based here.
Aga Khan Palace, Pune Nagar Road, Kalyani Nagar. This historical landmark's architecture features Italian arches, salons, suites and spacious lawns. During the 1942 Quit India Movement, the British interned Mahatma Gandhi and his wife Kasturba Gandhi here. The palace belonged to Aga Khan, prince and head of the Khoja sect, who later donated the palace to erect a memorial dedicated to Mahatma Gandhi and his wife. Must see is an exhibition of very rare black-and-white photos and paintings from various epochs in the freedom movement, but descriptions are sparse so it helps if you already have background to the story. Also worth seeing is the Samadhi of Kasturba Gandhi in the backyard. Foreigners ₹100, extra for photos. (updated Jun 2023)
Savitribai Phule Pune University (Pune University), Ganeshkhind Rd, Ganeshkhind, ☏ +91 20 2569 0062. The site of Poona University was the official residence of the Governor of Mumbai during the monsoon season. The campus features mansions built in Italian-Gothic style. A 300-m-high tower beckons to all these who come here in the pursuit of higher education. It is one of the oldest universities in India.
Shaniwar Wada, Shaniwar Peth. This palace was built by the successors of Shivaji, the Peshwas in 1736. A massive fire destroyed the building in 1827. Most of the palace interiors were destroyed and all that remains is the old fortified wall. The brass studded gates and lotus pools have also withstood the ravages of time. This palace is situated in the heart of the city next to Deccan Gymkhana, Shivajinagar, and Laxmi Road. There is a 'Light & Sound Show' in three languages (Marathi, Hindi and English) every evening at the wada. It details the history of the Maratha empire and the significance of the role the Shaniwar played.
Vishrambaug Wada, RB Kumthekar Rd, Perugate, Sadashiv Peth. The remains of this palace stand in the heart of the old city. It was built during the 18th century by a descendant of Bajirao Peshwa. It is well known for its elaborate wooden façade. (updated Mar 2016)
Pune Zero Stone. Zero mile stone or simply zero stones are stones marking the exact point from which distances of a city are measured. The Pune zero stone is located on the eastern wall of the General Post Office (GPO). The stone was probably installed in the late 19th century and over the years it was buried under layers of concrete. In 2018 the concrete was removed revealing the entire stone. The stone has the names of places marked on it. Since 2018 several efforts have been made to landscape the area and turn it into an open-air museum focusing on the history of survey of India. But within years several installations including life-size fiber glass statues have been uprooted and damaged. (updated May 2022)
Nana Wada. (updated May 2022)
Lal Mahal. (updated May 2022)
Blades of Glory Cricket Museum, Parvati Paytha, ☏ +91 98224 54567. Daily 10AM-7PM. A museum with over 51,000 cricket items. ₹200. (updated Sep 2023)
Darshan Museum, HH Prince Aga Khan Rd, Sangamvadi. This museum is a light and sound show that uses 3D holographic technology. It's a 100-minute show that takes you through the saint Sadhu Vaswani's life story via different sets. It uses probably the only implementation in the country to use a technique called Pepper's Ghost to create realistic 3D. The sets are real but the people who enact the scene are projections of light. The museum also houses a huge spectrum of artwork that's used to build the sets. A place for the entire family, the Darshan Museum is a must visit for anyone visiting the city. It is close to the Pune Railway Station at Sadhu Vaswani Chowk.
Fortune Art Gallery, 86/1, Erandwana, Deccan Gymkhana, ☏ +91 20 2567 6600.
Mahatma Phule Museum, 10 411004, 1204/10, Ghole Rd, Shivajinagar. You can see various industrial products, agricultural and handicraft articles in this museum, which was established in 1890.
Parvati Hill temples and museum (Parvati Hill), Wagh Jai Rd, Parvati Paytha. A few temples and a museum are seated on top of this tall hill which offers spectacular vistas of the surrounding area. A steep flight of 108 narrow steps leads to the hill top temple built by Balaji Baji Rao. ‘Nagarkjana’ drum house is the temple of Parvati and Devdeveshwar. This was once the private shrine of the Peshwas. It is also the final resting place of Nana Saheb Peshwa. The Parvati museum houses portraits of Peshwas, old manuscripts, coins, and other artifacts.
Raja Dinkar Kelkar Museum, 1377-78, Off. Bajirao Rd, Natu Baug, Shukrawar Peth, ☏ +91 20 2448 2101, sudhanva@rajakelkarmuseum.org. The museum is housed in a Rajasthani style building situated close to the hustle and bustle of the busy Bajirao Road. The artifacts in the museum were once part of a personal collection. It is now open to the public and houses over 20,000 objects of which roughly 2,500 are displayed. There are 36 sections to the museum and the objects within range from carved palace and temple doors, 2,000-year-old pottery, traditional Indian lamps, and 17th century paintings.
R K Laxman Museum, R.K.Laxman Museum, 24/4, Laxman Nagar Balewadi-4110045, contactus@rklaxmanmuseum.com. Tuesday - Sunday 10 am - 5 pm (Monday Closed). A museum and archive containing 35000+ works of cartoonist R K Laxman. Museum also has a light and sound show. ₹50 only museum and ₹100 museum and light & sound show. (updated Jul 2023)
Chatushrungi Mata Temple, Senapati Bapat Rd. (updated Mar 2016)
Dagadusheth Halwai Ganapati Temple. This Ganesha temple is visited by over a hundred thousand pilgrims every year. Devotees of the temple include celebrities and chief ministers of Maharashtra who visit during the annual ten-day Ganeshotsav festival. The temple is a beautiful construction and boasts a rich history of over 100 years. Jay and Vijay, the two sentinels made of marble catch the eye of all at the outset. The construction is so simple that all the proceedings in the temple along with the beautiful Ganesha idol can be seen even from outside. (updated Jun 2023)
ISKCON Temple (New Vedic Cultural Center (NVCC), Sri Sri Radha Vrindavanchandra Temple). The largest temple in Pune dedicated to Radha Krishna. The temple complex has two temples- the main Radha Krishna temple and the Venkateswara (Balaji) temple. The Radhakrishna temple is built in North Indian architectural style using red stone and marble while the Venkateswara temple is built in South Indian architectural style using Kota stone. (updated Jun 2023)
Pataleshwar Caves, Revenue Colony, Shivajinagar. This 8th-century temple is hidden in the heart of the city, nestled between modern high-rise structures and developments. Reminiscent of Ellora, the temple and its massive pillars, a Shiva shrine, and a Nandi bull, have been carved out of a single boulder of massive size. The temple is still used by worshippers today. (updated Jun 2023)
Shinde Chhatri, Wanawadi. Shinde Chhatri is a cenotaph dedicated to the 18th century Maratha military leader Mahadji Shinde (also known as Scindia). He was the commander and chief of the Peshwas from 1760 to 1780. The memorial consists of a Shiva temple along with a flat-roofed pavilion adjoining the temple. The pavilion houses a statue of Mahadji Shinde. The exterior walls of the temple and pavilion have intricate ornamentations along with stained glass windows. The complex also houses a domed structure housing the ashes of Mahadji Shinde. A small temple dedicated to Vital Meenakshi stands on the south-western corner of the complex. (updated Jul 2023)
Ohel David Synagogue. (updated Jun 2023)
Succath Shelomo Synagogue. (updated Jul 2023)
Fergusson College, Fergusson College Rd. Built in 1885, the college has a beautiful tree-lined campus with smooth rolling hills in the background.
National War Memorial, Prince of Wales Dr Rd, Ghorpuri Lines, Dobarwadi, Ghorpadi. The National War Memorial is an 8-m (25-foot) stone pillar dedicated to post-Independence war heroes. A garden surrounds it and has paved pathways. The memorial was funded entirely by the citizens of Pune, under the sponsorship of the Express Citizens' Forum. The foundation was laid in November 1997 and inaugurated in October 1998.
Pashan Lake, Sutarwadi Rd. An artificial lake, once a source of drinking water has become heavily silted and degraded by pollution. Efforts are underway to rectify these issues. This lake remains to be a bird watcher's spot due to the variety of birds found in the area.
Pune-Okayama Friendship Garden (Pu La Deshpande Garden), Sinhgad Rd. One of the largest gardens in Pune, modelled after Korakuen Garden in Okayama as a bridge between the two cities. It is the largest Japanese garden outside Japan, spanning over 10 acres. (updated Jun 2023)
Taljai Hills. 5–10AM and 4:30–7:00PM. A hill and a wildlife reserve. The road to this hill passes through the Shivaji Maratha College campus with a picturesque mountain path, with sharp turns. Near the forest entrance is a temple to the hill's namesake Taljai Mata; a Hindu goddess. The reserve attracts migratory birds and is home to peacocks. The location is therefore popular with amateur bird watchers. Vehicles are prohibited in the area. (updated Jun 2023)
Vetal Hill. The highest hill inside the city limits. The walk up to the Vetal Baba Mandir (temple) provides good views of the city but trees and the radio transmitter building obstruct the best views. The trail goes through scrub and forest maintained by local nature volunteers. There is a car park on Gokhalenagar Rd but if you start lower down from Kanchan Galli you will also pass the small temple Hanuman Mandir. There is also a chance of seeing wild Peacocks in the area. (updated Dec 2015)
Bal Gandharva Ranga Mandir (close to the PMC office). Theatre and art gallery. The place is maintained by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and has an air-conditioned theatre. Most of the famous Marathi plays are performed here. The theatre is named after the famous Marathi artist Bal Gandharva.
Bird Watching: Enjoy boating and bird viewing in some of the city parks of Pune. Migratory parks can be viewed throughout the year in Pune. At the right time, you can see many migrated birds in the parks.
Gliding Centre Pune, Hadapsar Airport. Go for a joy ride in a glider and experience flying like a bird. Get an aerial view of Pune at a cost of ₹187. You can also learn to fly gliders at the Gliding Centre, which is India's oldest and to date the most active hub for gliding. It's at Hadapsar on the eastern side of the city. Flying activity is conducted from Sunday through Thursday.
Digvijay Pratishthan Horse Riding Academy, Shivshrushti, ☏ +91 98226 21016. And go out for horse treks with Digvijay Pratishthan.
Japalouppe Equestrian Center (Talegaon Dabhade), somatne phata, Mumbai Pune highway, talegaon Dabhade, ☏ +91 9890920183. 6AM to 7PM. Punes Premier Riding school, Japalouppe is spread out over a picturesque 19 acres, with a team of 60 horses catering to a wide skill set of riders, from basic trotting and school work to advanced jumping and dressage.
Pune Music Cultural Centre, 459/1, Sadashiv Peth..
Tripuri Purnima festival at famous Omkareshwar temple
Pune has a full calendar of events, ranging from Classical Music to Rock Concerts. However, Pune's most famous festival is the Pune Festival, which is held during the Ganesha Mahotsav.
The Chatushrungi Fair is an annual event. It is held overnight on Navratri at Senapati Bapat Road. Giant-wheels are the main attractions but the food sold at the stalls is delicious too.
The Ganesh Utsav or Ganeshotsav initiated by Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak, today is celebrated with great enthusiasm, as city interiors almost remain blocked for ten days. This is usually around the month of September and dates vary based on Hindu calendar. Pune has more than 2000 mandals with Dagdusheth Halwai being the biggest and most famous one.
The Osho Festival is another international crowd puller in Pune. Held in the Osho Aashram in Koregaon Park, disciples and followers of Bhagwaan Rajneesh make it a point to attend this festival.
The Pune International Film Festival - takes place annually and attracts some splendid films from around the world. This festival which generally takes place in January, lasts for a week and is a treat for film lovers in the city. Passes for single day or for entire duration are available at any of the multiplexes hosting the festival at reasonable rates.
Sawai Gandharva classical music festival, which started back in the 1960s, has had every Indian and international artist perform and has given rise to a number of budding ones too. It is held in the months of December from dawn to dusk over three days.
A number of college festivals have become very commercialised, but still attract big crowds and a very high degree of competition from colleges all over Pune. Verve organised by Express Youth Forum is the biggest inter-collegiate cultural festival in India while Concepts organized by the Pune Institute of Computer Technology (PICT) is a very popular engineering (technical) event. The College of Engineering, Pune also organizes a technical festival which attracts participants from all over India.
So all year round, there is enough excitement to keep the Punekars and tourists on their toes!
Nehru Stadium. A multipurpose stadium, used mainly for cricket matches. (updated Jun 2023)
MCA Stadiumdead link is not fully complete, but is scheduled to host matches at the Cricket World Cup in Oct 2023. It doesn't have a resident team. It's 25 miles north of the city along the highway to Mumbai.
Peshwe Park. A park managed by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). It is an energy park that stresses the importance of renewable energy in present times. Adventure Park is also launched here. The idea behind the park is to remove the fear element in kids from a young age as was first mooted by its designer B. S. Deshmukh. (updated Jun 2023)
Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park (Katraj Zoo), NH 48, Katraj. A zoo managed by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). It is divided into three parts: an animal orphanage, a snake park and a zoo and it also includes the 42 acres (17 hectares) Katraj Lake. (updated Jun 2023)
Sarasbaug. A major landmark in Pune. The lake in Sarasbaug was built by Peshwa Bajirao II. There's a Ganesha temple in Sarasbaug known as Talyatla Ganapati Temple (तळ्यातला गणपती मंदिर). (updated Jun 2023)
One of Pune's nicknames is Oxford of the East because of the presence of many renowned educational universities and colleges. Some of the prominent ones are:
BJ Medical Collegedead link - Affiliated with the University of Pune
College of Engineering, Pune - Affiliated with the University of Pune
Pune is a city where you will find an excellent range of streetside shops as well as a few outstanding malls. Pune is a good place to pick up some Indian slippers made of rubber. Soft, comfortable Kolhapuri chappals (leather sandals), that are manufactured in the town of Kolhapur, can be found in many of the street shops in Pune.
All the places listed here are places where you can bargain hard and get some good stuff off the pavement for rock-bottom prices. There are several roads and areas that have clusters of shopping in them.
Fashion Street. In the Pune Camp Area, near M.G. Road. This market has lots of inexpensive readymade garments, footwear, leather items and fashion accessories. Be sure to bargain to get the best prices.
Hongkong Lane. In Deccan, near the Garware Bridge. The lane has a blink-and-you-will-miss-it entrance. This small street has large offerings, including bags, clothes, accessories, books and footwear.
Juna Bazar. Near the Pune Railway Station (en route to the Pune Municipal Corporation). The market is held every Wednesday and Sunday on the street approx 9AM to 6PM. It is similar to a flea market and you can purchase a variety of interesting objects for throw-away prices including old rare coins, gramophone records, and other such unique paraphernalia.
Koregaon Park. One of the several boutiques on North Main Road and its by-lanes in Koregaon Park. These are small, exclusive boutiques and have a good collection. Expect to pay more for these clothes, but you may find the occasional great bargain.
Laxmi Road. A very huge market selling gold jewellery and clothes.
M.G. Road. Any items such as shoes, clothing, pots, pans, electronics, stationary, furniture, kitchen sinks etc. can be found at Modelina Grant Road, known to locals as M.G. Road.
Tulshi Baug. On the Bajirao Road, near Maharashtra Bank. It is a must visit and also favourite household items such as crockery, vegetable stands. Very cheap ladies garments, footwear and other items required for daily use are available at low prices.
Vishram Baug Wada. There is a shop inside Vishram baug wada where you get variety of decorative as well as daily use items. The highlight of this shop is all the goods are created by small groups of women (Mahila Bachat Gata). Most of the items are handmade and exclusive variety. We must support such groups of women who are fighting against all odds to become independent.
Puneites are crazy about books. This shows in the number of excellent bookshops scattered throughout the city. The area known as 'Appa Balwant Chowk' is famous for various big and small book shops. Some of them specialize in subjects like law, management, religion, computer, or music.
Birds of Pune available from Centre for Environment Educationdead link and Kalpavriksh
Ajit Law Book Depot. Appa Balwant Chowk.
Book Space, 593, Ganesh Peth.
Book World, Basement, Sagar Arcade, FC Road.
The Crossword chain of bookshops has 8 branches in Pune.
Landmark. SGS Mall, Molendina Rd.
Popular Book Shop, Deccan Gymkhana.
Utkarsh Book Depot, Deccan Gymkhana, Near Garware Bridge.
The WORD bookshop, Boottee St, Camp.
L.Bhagwandas & Co, Shivaji Market, Camp.
Budhani Bros Waferwala, Taboot Street, Camp (Near Poona Drug Store), ☏ +91-2026134118, Info@budhanibros.com. M-Sa 9AM-9PM. Visit this store to buy various types of wafers(chips). Potato Wafers are their specialty. (updated Jan 2020)
Chitale Bandhu Mithaiwale, Bajirao Rd (Near Bank Of Maharashtra), ☏ +91-9545000906. Daily 8:30AM-1PM, 3:30-8:30PM. Outlets in the city are also a must go for a variety of sweetmeats and snack items. The Gulabjamun with sprinkled sugar which is a dessert dish and the famous Bakarwadi which is a fried chickpea flour preparation, are something worth trying while visiting Pune. (updated Jan 2020)
Kayani Bakery, East street (Near Victory Theatre), ☏ +91 20 26360517. M-Sa 7:30AM-1PM, 3:30-8PM. Famous for its Shrewsbury biscuits, Walnut Cake and Sponge Cake, many mouth-watering bakery items here disappear almost instantly over the counter. (updated Jan 2020)
Laxminarayan Chiwda, Bhawani Peth (near Bhawani Mata Mandir), ☏ +91 20-26454561. M-Sa 8:30AM-8:30PM. They are famous for their Rice flakes Chiwda, Cornflakes Chiwda and Potato Chiwda. (updated Jan 2020)
Garden Vada Pav Centre, Camp (Buttee Street, near M.G Road). This widely regarded as the best Vada pav in Pune and it does deserve its reputation. The Vada itself is packed with tonnes of herbs and spices, the pav is robust, the mint chutney is delicious, and they even give you scraps and onion which elevates the whole experience to another level. 20 rupees. (updated Feb 2023)
Pune is a technology hub and is home to IT, ITES, and BPO professionals. Pune also has one of the highest densities of Engineers and Management graduates pursuing studies. Sony World, House of Laptops, Croma are electronics chains dishing out the goodies.
Being a student town, Pune has a good selection of mid-priced hair salons.
Lizzes Hairdressers, E Square Multiplex, The Gordan House Hotel, S No 132/A, 6th Floor, University Road, Ganeshkhind (Entrance from down the side of E-Square, take the elevator up), ☏ +91 20 66044100, +91 20 66044114. English understood well. ₹450 for a good men's hair cut (no shampoo).
This page uses the following price ranges for a typical meal for one, including soft drink:
Pune is undoubtedly a great place to eat. Fergusson College Road and JM Road which runs parallel, are full of budget eateries serving delicious hot food at nominal charges. Almost all restaurants open and close at similar hours. 10AM-11PM is usual. Of course, restaurant bars stay open till at least midnight. Misals are a Pune favourite, if you can stomach the spice in them. They are a tasty meal and a visit to Bedekar Misal or Shree Uphar Gruha is a must. They are in the Peth areas and are famous. Shree Uphar Gruha is at Tulsi Baug. It is a small joint but dishes out tasty Misal and fritters.
For more exotic variety, head out to Koregaon Park. North Main Road is a lane with more than 50 restaurants. It offers a choice of cuisine including Italian, French, Mexican, Thai, Japanese and a variety of local Indian food; there is a restaurant to fit every taste and mood. ABC Farms in Koregaon Park has many restaurants in one place - ideal when you cannot decide before leaving for dinner. Koregaon Park is known as the Restaurant Suburb, and holds a similar status to Pune that Bandra holds to Mumbai.
Badshahi Lodging and Boarding, Tilak Road (Near Tilak Smarak Mandir), ☏ +91 9763311658. Tu-Su noon–3PM, 8PM–10PM (closed M). It's a nearly century-old place and serves very nice and authentic Maharashtrian pure veg thali (Brahmani). Food items to be had when fasting are a speciality here. It's a nice and clean place. ₹170 for a thali. Snacks ₹50-100. (updated Jan 2020)
Bapat Upahar Gruha, 1376, Bajirao Road, (Near Raja kelkar Museum), ☏ +91 88550 87888. Excellent Maharashtrian food.
Cafe Goodluck, Good Luck Chowk (Square), F.C Road, ☏ +91 8087810002. 7:30AM–11:30PM daily. One of the oldest and among the most popular restaurants in Pune, it serves Iranian/Punjabi dishes, but is well known for its tea and butter bread. Mostly frequented by collegians, it's a cool place to hang out. ₹650 for two people. (updated Jan 2020)
Chaitanya Paranthas, Fergusson College Rd, ☏ +91 9579464768. PM–11PM daily. Known for its stuffed parathas(layered chapattis). (updated Jan 2020)
Delhi Kitchen (near Kotbagi Hospital, Aundh/Deep Bungalow Chowk.). Serves cheap and delightful Punjabi food. Curries are available in different serving sizes; a 'quarter' curry being sufficient for one person.
Garden Vada Pav Centre, MG Road, Camp (opposite the entrance of JJ Garden), ☏ +91 8928282626. 9AM–9:30PM daily. Serves one of the best Vada Pav with green chutney. A must-have when you are in Pune. ₹15 for a Vada Pav. (updated Jan 2020)
Kohinoor Restaurant, 242, MG Road, Camp.
Marzorin, Main Street, Camp. Famous for sandwiches, cakes and pastries.
Manohar Fast Food, Mehendale Garage, Kothrud. (Near Hotel Kalinga), ☏ +91 9096523674. 8AM–10PM daily. Clean authentic home-made Maharashtrian food with some delicious bharit-bhakri (an eggplant dish similar to babaganoush served with jowar or bajra bread) or even kadhi-khichadi (rice-lentil porridge). Finish up with a glass of taak (buttermilk) or solkadhi (kokum + coconut milk). (updated Jan 2020)
Tilak, Tilak road (just behind MES Boys High School in a lane, easy to miss). Best quality tea and Vadapav; an any time snack and other mouth lingering varieties at most affordable price. No waiter and no tips. Just a service counter based on token system. ₹10-75.
Top in Town, Garvare Bridge (behind Chitale Opp Deccan Gymkhana). Amazing non-veg food items. Do not miss fish and Chicken here.
Vaishali, Fergusson College Rd, ☏ +91 20 25531244, info@vaishalihotel.in. 7AM–11PM daily. A popular youth joint serving amazing South Indian dishes. Their sambhar is arguably the best in the city. (updated Jan 2020)
Vohuman Cafe, Dhole Patil Rd (Near Ruby Hall), ☏ +91 9373323263. 6AM–7PM daily. An awesome Iranian place serving delicious omelettes. Good for breakfast. Try the cheese omelettes and bun maska of this place. (updated Jan 2020)
Wadeshwar (वाडेश्वर), 1229/A, Fergusson College Rd, ☏ +91 9168667195. 7AM–11PM daily. A popular eating place. The best fast food you will get here includes appe, vada-sambhar, and pav bhaji. Another branch of Wadeshwar is also there on Bajirao road, Shukrawar peth, which serves very good idlis and uttapa, and alu paratha. Worth a try.
Asha Dining Hall, Apte Road. Good Marathi thali at a very reasonable price and a clean dining place.
Blue Nile (Opposite Poona Club, Camp Area). Long-running Mughlai cuisine restaurant famous for its Biryani, Prawns Fry and Chelo Kebabs. Runs busy most days, justifiably so.
(Near Kotbagi Hospital, Aundh/Deep Bungalow Chowk). Serves cheap and delightful Punjabi food. Curries available in different serving sizes; a 'quarter' curry being sufficient for one person.
The Green Villa (Perched in Lane-C, Koregaon Park). This is an Arab-themed restaurant quite popular with the youth and foreigners. They serve authentic Mughlai and Lebanese food along with Hookah.
Janaseva (Garvare Bridge, behind Chitale). Traditional Maharashtrian Thali, very famous and visited by many Maharashtrians visiting Pune.
Nisarg Vada Paav (off SB Road, Near SBI ATM to Vikhe Patil College). The best Vada Paav in Pune, but the place not at all clean.
Sarangi (opposite Victory Cinema just near to MG Road). Famous for North Indian dishes. The food is authentic, economical and very tasty.
Satguru Punjabi Rasoi. North Indian food, also at Destination Center, Magarpatta City, Hadapsar.
Sharvaree (Shabree), 1199/1A FC Road (corner of FC Road and Ghole Road), ☏ +91 20 25531511. Sharvaree is upstairs and famous for traditional Maharashtrian 'thalipeeth', a savoury multigrain pancake snack. Downstairs is Shabree which is multicuisine but specialises in Maharashtrian thali (₹150). The food is good and the restaurant is very clean and pleasant.
Shreyas, Apte Road.. Serves very good local Marathi cuisine thali (all-you-can-eat set menu) at a reasonable price and a clean dining place. Amras and Ukadiche Modak (steamed sweet coconut-filled rice dumplings) are not to be missed during mango season and Ganesh festival respectively. ₹300-400 per person. (updated Mar 2018)
Sukanta (Near Deccan just near to Z bridge). Famous for Thali. The food is very tasty.
The Yogi Tree Cafe, North Main Road, Koregaon Park. Wholesome pancakes, sandwiches and salads make this the favourite brunch destination of the Osho Ashram crowd ever since German Bakery shut down.
Curry on the Roof (Hotel Royalty), F.P No. 42B, C.T.S No. 114B, Prabhat Road, Erandwane, ☏ +91 20 2546 6793. Good choice of Indian food. Good service (updated Dec 2015)
CAD-B Ice-cream Magic, Near Karishma Society, Kothrud, Pune or Opp. Kamala Nehru Park, Bhadarkar Road, Pune. Ice cream magic,e-square food court level 2. A must-have when in Pune. For chocolate lovers.
La Dolce Vita, City Point, Dhole Patil Rd.. Serves authentic cuisine from Tuscany, Italy. The menu has an extensive list of Italian wines.
Flags, INOX Multiplex, Bund Garden Rd, Camp. Has a very interesting menu.
Kabab Factory. Package comes in both veg and non-veg formats costing ₹325 and ₹375 + taxes, respectively. Package includes unlimited delicious kababs (6-7 different types), Roti, Dal, Biryani and desserts (4-5 different types to choose from) every item listed is unlimited.
Kangan, Plot no 36/3B, Mundhawa Road, Ghorpadi. Indian restaurant (dinner)
La Pizzeria, 361/5, Bund Garden Rd, Camp (Opp E-Square in Hotel Srimaan), ☏ +91 20 26133535. Has amazing Italian cuisine, pizzas and garlic bread, and it is run by an Italian. Has a fine-dining ambience.
Mahesh Lunch Home. Hands down wins the top spot for Pune's best seafood.
Malaka Spice, Koregaon Park. Lip smacking Thai and continental food.
Mastani, Sujata Mastani, Nimbalkar Talim Chowk, 1260, Sadashiv Peth, ☏ +91 20-24474641. A must-have when in Pune. For ice cream lovers. It's like a milkshake with ice cream.
Nisarg, Nal Stop Junction (Off Karve Road). Erandwane serves excellent Malvan/Goan style Sea Food especially crabs & lobsters.
Oh Calcutta, City Point, Dhole Patil Rd.. A fantastic spread of Bengali cuisine.
The Orient, Sun n Sand, NH 4.. Serves authentic Chinese food in a laid-back atmosphere with soft music in the background. Quite similar to the Whispering Bamboo in the Taj.
le plasir, Shop No.4 B, Lane 6 Intersection, Bhandarkar Road, Deccan Gymkhana. A small French bistro, where you can get very delicious pastas and salads. Macroons and eclairs of this place are must to try
Prego, at 36/3-B, Koregaon Park Annexe, Mundhawa Road, Ghorpadi.
Seasonal Tastes, at The Westin Pune Koregaon Park. for buffet and Sunday brunch
Shangrila, 14th Lane, Prabhat Road. Spicy Kolhapuri veg. and non-veg. cuisine. The mutton pickle is worth a try.
Sigree, City Point, Dhole Patil Rd. delicious North Indian food.
Spice Island. serves North Indian cuisine and is ideal for fine dining. There is a live band in the evenings.
Spice Kitchen, Pune Marriott Hotel & Convention Centre, ☏ +91 66833333. 24.
Taj Blue Diamond, 11, Koregaon Rd, Koregaon Park. This Taj hotel has three restaurants and a bar. Classy and reliable.
Terttulia, South Main Road, Koregaon Park. Impeccable continental fare including pizzas, pastas and steaks served with cocktails in a European-style outdoor cafe.
The Yellow Chilli, Sanskriti Lifestyle Complex, Lane No. 7, Koregaon Park, ☏ +91 20 41285454, +91 20 41285757. Celebrity chef Sanjeev Kapoor dishes up a wide variety of interpretations of Maharashtrian and northern Indian cuisines. Choose between the outside veranda with a bar-b-q buffet, or venture into the stylish modern interior for à la carte. The choc chip kulfi is listed as a must try - this is no exaggeration!
The Place - Touche the Sizzler, 7 Clover Center, Moledina Road, Camp Area. The Place is an old stalwart among the sizzler outlets in Pune. Reasonably priced with an old school ambience, they are known for Chicken Sizzlers. Garlic Chicken Strips and Sopa De Catolena are recommended frequently.
Refreshing Indian drinks such as Jal Jeera (a cumin seed drink) and Nimbu Pani (lemon water/soda) are sold on the sidewalk for around ₹5 per glass.
Alcohol is easily available all over town, though most of the bars are in Koregaon Park and upmarket areas. Most bars open in the afternoon and close an hour or two after midnight.
Doolally's The 1st brewhouse (Corianthan's club- Microbrewery/ also called smokies).
Hard Rock Cafe, Plot No. 81/82, East Main Road, Koregaon Park Extension, Koregaon Park Annexe, Mundhwa, ☏ +91 20-4015-8888. Open daily noon - 11:30PM.
Shailaja, 1325, Jangali Maharaj Road, Shivaji Nagar, (opposite Surabhi Hotel), ☏ +91 20 2553 3754. Wonderful food like Surmai and crab. Place for serious drinkers. Place has been around for 50 years.
Ten Downing Street (Gera Plaza), City Point Complex, City Bay Building 101&102, Street No 17, Boat Club Road, Sangamvadi. (updated Feb 2017)
Thousand Oaks, 2417, East St, Camp., ☏ +91 20 2634 3194.
Toons, 26, Wonderland Basement, 7 MG Road, Camp Area, ☏ +91 98231 23073.
The Flying Saucer Sky Bar, 9th Floor, Sky Vista Building, New Airport Rd, Viman Nagar, ☏ +91 90215 45468.
WTF Bar and Pub, 209, 2nd Floor, Phoenix Market City Mall, East Block, Viman Nagar, ☏ +91 77387 33358.
Euriska, N Main Rd, Koregaon Park Annexe, Mundhwa (Next to Koregaon Park Plaza), ☏ +91 90491 59911.
Also check out the major hotel bars such as at the Sheraton Grand, Sagar Plaza, JW Marriott, Deccan Rendezvous and The Westin (see below sleep section).
Independence Brewing Company, 79/1, Zero One Complex, Pingale Vasti, Near Passport Seva Kendra, Mundhwa, Pune, Maharashtra 411036. (updated May 2019)
There is no lack of coffee shops in the city. Some of the restaurants listed above serve good coffee or head to a branch of the Barista or Cafe Coffee Daydead link chains, both of which have numerous locations around town. The FC Road and MG Road branches of Barista are Wi-Fi hotspots.
Cafe Good Luck (Good Luck Chowk), End of FC Road, ☏ +91 20 2567 6893. Oldest Iranian restaurant. Famous for bread items and Mutton Kheema.
Coffee House, M.G. Rd.. Enjoy their Channa Bhathura.
Coffee Stop (Near Om Super Market). Enjoy cold coffee here
Dorabji, FC road (at Goodluck). Famous for coffee and its products. Don't forget to enjoy bun-maska (bread with butter) with Irani tea
Durga, Paud Road. A popular joint for coffee.
Juice World, M.G. Rd/ East St.. Serves wonderful parathas and pav bhaji.
This guide uses the following price ranges for a standard double room:
Backpackers Hive, 63-A, Lane -C, Ragvilas Society, Koregaon Park (800 m away from Osho Ashram), ☏ +91 7262966669, backpackershive.pune@gmail.com. Nice youth hostel with open common space on the ground floor and on the roof. Couches, games, TV, computer, books. Friendly and helpful staff. Indian breakfast included. Dorm from ₹400.
Sumangal Youth Hostel, Jambhulwadi road 60/1 plot 2 (Behind Dalavi Vasti), ☏ +91 9822010217. Clean three-star facilities nice lake view.
Suyash Lodge, Tilak Road. Very cheap, but almost basic facilities.
Trimurti Lodge, Fergusson College Rd.. It's not particularly clean.
Yatri Lodge, Plot No. 68, Sr. No. 41/4A/1, Paud Phata, Karve Road, Erandawane, Kothrud, ☏ +91 20 2543 7197. Clean but basic facilities.
Living Beautifully, Koregaon Park, ☏ +91 9326030310. Accommodation exclusively for people visiting the Osho International Meditation Resort. ₹900-1800.
Alcove Service Apartments, Gera’s Greenville, Villa no Carnation 57, Kharadi, ☏ +91 9900578231, stay@alcove.co.in. Single room, or independent 3 BHK apartments, AC bedrooms with double beds and independent bathrooms, TV with cable & DVD player, furnished kitchen with refrigerator, microwave, toaster, coffeemaker, mixer grinder and gas stove, utility with fully automatic washing machine, iron and ironing board, a large swimming pool with children's area, sun deck, a swim-up bar & hot tub, clubhouse with gym, lounge/party room, steam sauna & massage room, 24-hr security, power backup, basketball & badminton court, complimentary breakfast, free Wi-Fi.
Deccan Rendezvous, 202/3 Apte Rd, Shivaji Nagar, Shivajinagar (near the Gymkhana area), ☏ +91 20-2561 2345, info@deccanrendezvous.com. A small 3-star business hotel, which tries to lure business travellers away from the larger chains with 24-hour check out (e.g., check in at 7PM, leave at 7PM), complimentary stay for accompanying spouse, free airport transfers & free high-speed internet connectivity. Has a small pool and basic gym, a restaurant and bar and helpful staff. Soul Purpose bar: extremely subdued lighting would make this a good place for an illicit rendezvous. Clientele is a mix of business travellers and dining guests.
Living Waters Hospitality Pvt. Ltd., 41 / 4, Hermes Paras, Kalyani Nagar, ☏ +91 9890693819, livingwaters.pune@gmail.com. luxury accommodation in your budget, service apartment for rent, apartment for living, apartment for property management, bedroom suite, bungalow, corporate apartments, flats, furnished apartment for rent, holiday accommodation. 24hrs security, Power Back up, Basketball & Badminton court, complimentary breakfast, free Wi-Fi internet
Holiday Inn Pune Hinjewadi, Hinjewadi Pune Bangalore Highway, Mahalunge, ☏ +91 20 6686 2200. Quality, reasonably sized rooms with fridge and safe. Small restaurant and bar. Pool and fitness room. Although close to the stadium no other facilities nearby but the hotel can provide car and drivers to nearby locations. (updated May 2017)
Hotel Satkar, Opp Shivajinagar bus stand, Shivajinagar, ☏ +91 20 25538196, vinayak.jshetty@gmail.com. Check-out: 12. Reasonably priced, clean rooms available with 24-hour hot water, TV in each room and close to the station. (updated Apr 2016)
Pune has a small but good range of top-end hotels. Prices are generally more than those in the US. A double room tends to be priced at US$200-400 per night. During the lean season, good discounts are available.
Corporate Stay, No.9, Sahyadri Farms, Baner Road, Lalit Estate, Baner, ☏ +91 98224 33282.
Four Points By Sheraton, Pune, 5th Mile Stone, Opp Inorbit Mall Pune, Nagar Rd, Tulaja Bhawani Nagar, Kharad, ☏ +91 20 3940 6699.
Hotel Aashirwad, 16, Connaught Road, Agarkar Nagar (Station Area).
Hotel Brookside, Plot No.7A, Viman Nagar Rd, Clover Park, Viman Naga, ☏ +91 98601 00730. (updated Mar 2017)
Hotel Sagar Plaza, 1, Road Next to S.G.S. Mall, Wellesley Rd (Camp Area), ☏ +91 20 2620 5000.
St Laurn Hotel Koregaon Park, 5/A, Koregaon Park Rd, Vasani Nagar, Koregaon Park, ☏ +91 20 4000 8000.
Hyatt Regency Pune, Weikfield IT Park, Nagar Road, ☏ +91 20 6645 1234.
JW Marriott Hotel, Senapati Bapat Road, 30, Shivajinagar, ☏ +91 20 6683 3333.
Sheraton Grand Pune (Bund Garden Hotel - previously Le Meridien), Raja Bahadur Mill Road, ☏ +91 20 6641 1111. Including the popular: Entresol Bar, Roof Top Bar and a number of restaurants.
Marriott Suites Pune, 81 Mundhwa, Koregaon Park Annex, ☏ +91 20 6725 7777.
The O Hotel, N Main Rd, Ragvilas Society, Koregaon Park, ☏ +91 20 4001 1000.
The Pride Hotel, 5 University Road, Shivajinagar, Narveer Tanaji Wadi, Shivajinagar, ☏ +91 20 6647 1471.
Royal Orchid Central, Kalyani Nagar, Marisoft Annexe Building, ☏ +91 20 4000 3000.
Taj Blue Diamond, 11 Koregaon Road, Vasani Nagar, Koregaon Park, ☏ +91 20 6602 5555.
The Westin Pune Koregaon Park, 36/3-B Koregaon Park Annexe, Mundhwa Road, Ghorpadi, ☏ +91 20 6721 0000.
Hotel Studio Estique, Amar Avinash Corporate Plaza, Bund Garden Rd (Near Inox), ☏ +91 20-40188444, fax: +91 20-40188445, reservations@studioestique.com. Offers five categories of contemporary design rooms and more than 10 different room sizes, to suit your budget. ₹4000.
Shreyas Hotel, 1242 B, Apte Road, Deccan Gymkhana, ☏ +91 20 2553 2785. Basic facilities. ₹2200.
Pune is by and large a very safe place. Violent crime is low, although it's important to keep an eye on your belongings in public, as petty theft can occur. Do report any such activity to the police. Keep away from the touts and beggars. At times, on Fergusson Road, JM Road or in touristy places, plain-clothed people may approach you, pretending to be tourists who ran out of money or missed their bus or train, asking for money to buy a ticket to go home or to feed their children (who may be accompanying them). Most likely it is going to be a scam. A polite but firm "No" will suffice to rid them.
Chain-snatching has become the most infamous nuisance. Especially elder women need to be careful. Preventive measures include curbing the desire to wear and flaunt jewellery even in the daytime.
Locals are by and large friendly and mild-mannered, though incidents of mugging have been reported on the outskirts of Pune, especially on highways and desolate stretches. If you face a vehicle breakdown after dark, it's best to stay in the vehicle and phone for help.
Although Pune is generally safe for women, it's advisable not to venture out alone into dark and isolated places. Hiring cabs at night without one or more companions is not recommended. Climbing the surrounding hills alone is tempting but unwise-and this goes for both sexes! Having said that, women can confidently walk the streets or visit the shops/pubs/restaurants in popular residential or commercial areas after sunset.
Driving in Pune is not for the weak-hearted. Like other Indian metros, Pune's vehicle traffic has expanded considerably, and the infrastructure is struggling to keep pace. Lack of discipline especially during overtaking and driving on the wrong side is rampant in the city and on highways. It's common to see rude and impatient drivers at intersections honking away at pedestrians. Enforcement of traffic rules leaves a lot to be desired, unlike Mumbai or other major cities. Road conditions deteriorate especially in heavy traffic areas during monsoon. If you are driving, it's a good idea to drive defensively. Be courteous to fellow motorists and maintain lane discipline. Though the helmet rule is not strictly enforced, it's always a good idea to wear a helmet while riding a two-wheeler. In cars or SUVs, wearing a seatbelt is mandatory.
Attitudes in Pune are liberal. The city used to be very traditional and conservative, but times have changed. The city is not the conservative small-town of old but now is a much more open-minded developed city.
Pune is well covered by mobile phone networks including Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone Idea & BSNL.
The format of a Pune landline number is +91 20-2xxxxxxx (BSNL) / 3xxxxxxx (Reliance) / 4xxxxxxx (Airtel) / 6xxxxxxx (TATA Indicom)
To call a Mumbai number, the phone does not require STD. Simply dial 022 followed by the 8-digit number.
STD/ISD booths, which are public pay phones are more or less extinct.
A large number of internet cafes dot the city. Most private internet cafes charge ₹10-25 an hour.
Maharashtra Tourism (MTDC), Pune Central Building, ☏ +91 20-26126867.
Tourist Info Booth, Pune City Station.
Maharashtra Emergency Medical Services (Ambulance) - 108
Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Museum of Indian History, Wadgaon Shinde Road, Gulabhari Vasti, Lohegaon, Wadgaon Shinde (Can be reached by taxi or with bus 131). 9AM–6PM daily (Aarti at Bharat Mata Temple every day at 9:30 am). The museum contains various exhibits on Indian history. It was founded by French author Francois Gautier. Free. (updated Jun 2023)
Khadakwasla Dam. A dam on the Mutha River, which created a reservoir called Khadakwasla Lake, which is the main source of water for Pune. Many people come here on weekends and during the monsoon season. The Peacock Bay hosts a large number of peacocks. It hosts various competitions like the annual national inland championship, open lake swimming competition, etc. Khadakwasla Lake is a venue for water sports in Pune. (updated Mar 2016)
Sinhagad, Sinhagad Ghat Rd, Thoptewadi (29 km (18 mi) SW from Pune). It has historical importance dating back to the era of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj. The surroundings are beautiful in the rainy season and on clear days you can see a panoramic view of the surrounding countryside. (updated Mar 2016)
Jejuri — A 49-km drive to the southeast of Pune, this small city's best-known landmark is the Khandoba Temple.
Lavasa - Lavasa is a private, planned city being built near Pune. It is stylistically based on the Italian town Portofino, with a street and several buildings bearing the name of that town.
Lohgad — 52 km northwest of Pune, this fort's walls and structures are more intact than other, neighboring forts. The fort rests on the top of a hill and is beautiful in the rainy season.
Lonavla — the second-most visited hill station in Maharashtra. It is on the way from Pune to Mumbai.
Mahabaleshwar — This is the largest hill station in the Sahyadri mountains and is about 115 km southwest of Pune.
Malshej Ghat — Amidst the Sahyadri Hills, it is about a 119-km drive from Pune. This beautiful hill station has many scenic vistas and beautiful waterfalls.
Mulshi — To the west of Pune lies Munshi, near the town of Lonavala. Mulshi and the surroundings are abundant with natural beauty that includes a dam, the hilly region of Sahyadri's deep forests and forts like Dhangad and Koraigadh. The water from the dam is used for generating electricity.
Narayanpur (Purandar Fort) — 40 km southwest of Pune.
Nashik — An ancient holy city about 210 km from Pune.
Neel Kantheshwar — 35 km from Pune, this hill temple is near the source of the Mutha river. At this hill station are hundreds of statues that describe scenes from Hindu scriptures and Puranas. The scenery offers a view of three major dams from its top.
Rajgad — This is a hill fort about 50 km southwest of Pune.
Rajmachi (Udhewadi) — This small village is a roughly 78-km drive from Pune, in the rugged mountains of Sahyadri. There are two forts which were built by Shivaji Emperor during the 17th century. In the rainy season there are giant waterfalls and an abundance of greenery. Rajmachi can be reached by 2 ways, the tough route from Kondivade village, near Karjat, and the other easy but long route from Lonavla. It an excellent place for trekking and is about a 15-km hike from Lonavla.
Shirdi — Shirdi is a town in the Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra in India. There are many buses connecting Shirdi to Pune which is 200 km away, about a 5-hour trip. Shirdi is where the saint Sai Baba lived till his samadhi in 1918. Today, it is a pilgrimage center and millions of his devotees from all over the world pay their respects each year.
Torna — To reach this fort requires a steep climb. The village Velhe, at the base of the climb, is about 50 km southwest of Pune.
Visapur Fort — It is less than 4 km from Lohgad and about 60 km from Pune.
This city travel guide to Pune is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.