The Kingdom Centre and northern Riyadh, seen from the Al-Faisaliya building
Riyadh (الرياض ar-Riyāḍ) is the capital of Saudi Arabia, slightly east of center of the country in the heart of the Tuwaig escarpment.
Known by local wags as the Dead Center of the Kingdom, Riyadh is considered the most straight-laced of the Kingdom's big three cities. With many forms of entertainment banned, few sights of interest and a brutal climate, Riyadh is a business-only destination if there ever was one, but it's also the best place in the Kingdom to watch the continuing collision of tribal Wahhabi conservatism grappling with modern technology and Western influences, and things have loosened up slightly under Crown Prince MBS's watch.
Forces of King Abdulaziz in the early 20th century
Until the 16th century, Riyadh was known as "Hajr", an important city of central Arabia dating from at least the 3rd century CE (and probably older). In the Middle Ages, Hajr served as the capital of the province of Al-Yamamah, whose viceroys presided over most of central and eastern Arabia.
With the decline in the fortunes and wealth of central Arabia after the 10th century, the name Al-Yamama gradually disappeared, and Hajr became subsumed under the name "Najd", which had referred only to areas lying further west. The name Hajr also gave way to the name "Ar-Riyadh" (meaning "the gardens"), as the old city broke into several towns and farming estates.
In the early 1900s, Riyadh was a dusty walled town of under 20,000 people surrounded by palm groves, fertile wadis, and a number of small villages. Riyadh (or, rather, the neighboring hamlet of Diriyah) is the ancestral home of the al-Sauds. Driven out by the Rashids in 1891, King Abdulaziz ibn Saud famously raided and recaptured the city in 1902. The city was made the capital of Saudi Arabia when the country was born in 1932, and has grown explosively ever since then. In 2008, the city was estimated to have 5 million inhabitants; as of 2018, its population is  million people.
Riyadh is vast and sprawling. The main roads are King Fahd Rd (طريق الملك فهد tariq al-malek al-Fahd), which runs north to south across the city, and Makkah Rd (aka Khurais Rd), which runs west to east, intersecting at Cairo Square — which is actually just a cloverleaf interchange.
The modern business districts of Olaya (العليا, pron. Oleyah) and Suleimaniyah, containing most offices and better hotels, are to the north of Makkah Rd. Here Riyadh's two skyscrapers serve as handy orientation points: Faisaliah Tower (the pointy one) is towards the southern end of Olaya, while Kingdom Centre (the bottle opener) is at the northern end. Both are located between King Fahd Rd and the parallel thoroughfare of Olaya Rd, which is Riyadh's main upscale shopping strip.
The historical core of Riyadh is to the south of Makkah Rd. The district of al-Murabba hosts the sprawling grounds of the King Abdul Aziz Historical Park, home to the National Museum and the Murabba Palace, while a kilometer to the south is the dense warren of al-Bathaa, host to the city's cheapest food, lodging and shopping and the hub of the minibus network. Further south yet is Deira, centered on as-Sa'ah Square, which has souqs (traditional markets), the Masmak Fortress, the Governor's offices and, more morbidly, the execution grounds.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmSee current weather in Riyadh
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Located in the middle of the country, Riyadh suffers from the worst of Saudi Arabia's climatic extremes. Summer temperatures regularly exceed 50°C, while winter temperatures can fall below zero. It's bone dry throughout the year, and when the wind blows the city is often covered in a haze of sand. However, while summers are blazing hot, they are not humid, which goes some way to alleviate the pain. Summer evenings are generally tolerable and one even encounters the occasional cool breeze, especially on the outskirts of town.
The climate has been shifting in this part of the world as well. Temperatures near 50°C are usually only reached end of July and in August. In 2009, the temperature in Riyadh hit 48°C mid-June. Especially if you wear a business suit, it is imperative to stay out of the sun.
Riyadh is a long way from anywhere, so odds are fairly high you'll be arriving by plane.
King Khaled Airport (RUH IATA) (about 35 km (22 mi) north of the city). A large, architecturally striking structure in white and desert brown, hypermodern when opened in 1983, it has aged reasonably well but remains a famously boring place to get stuck in: just a small and very cramped shop in Terminal 2 and a few cafes including chains such as Starbucks and Costa as well as local outlets. Sit near (or, preferably, in) the Al-Fursan lounges to mooch off their free Wi-Fi. There are three terminals in use, with Terminal 1 used by international carriers, Terminal 2 for Saudi Arabian Airlines international flights, and Terminal 3 for all domestic flights. The terminals are right next to each other and are connected at the arrivals level, so transfers involve lugging your stuff for a few hundred meters or hiring a porter to do the job.
Aside from Saudia, direct connections from outside the Gulf and South Asia are surprisingly limited, but options include Lufthansa from Frankfurt, British Airways from London-Heathrow, Air France from Paris, Turkish Airlines from Istanbul IST and Cathay Pacific from Hong Kong. The most internationally popular route, though, is via Dubai, from where there are at least half a dozen flights daily. Domestically, Riyadh is one of the main hubs and there are flights to every corner of the Kingdom, including near-hourly departures to Jeddah.
Unlike Jeddah, immigration and customs clearance at Riyadh is usually fairly straightforward (unless the computer system is down). Standing in the wrong line for immigration may work out fine for you, or you may be catapulted back to the end of a different line when you hit the front position (making all that waiting worthless). The row for "Exit/Entry Visas" is only for resident expats that have left the country temporarily, to visit family for example.
You'll probably be accosted by touts as you soon as you exit customs, but just ignore them and head to the taxi ranks outside or use taxi hailing apps like Uber and Careem (the Middle Eastern option). While the official taxis are supposed to use a zone-based flat fare system, with most of central Riyadh in the SR45 or 55 zones, the list of zones is available only in Arabic. A metered fare to the city should cost SR70-90, but more often than not the driver will just ask for a flat fare, which may even work out a little cheaper. If you've let yourself be scored by one of the private drivers (that are not only inside the terminal building but also outside), make sure the price you agreed on is truly agreed on, or your driver may tell you that he didn't agree to SR80 but rather 180, meaning you'll settle on 120. The better bet is taking an official taxi! A good alternative - if offered - is to take a hotel limousine. These are often not much more expensive than the taxi trip, but mostly high-quality, comfortable cars rather than run-down, creaky old clunkers with worn-through seats.
The trip to the city takes about 30 minutes in good traffic. Don't be irritated if the taxi is stopped at a control point by police (at which time the driver will put on his seatbelt and his mobile onto handsfree, two actions that are usually reversed as soon as the control point is passed).
When checking in, one airport quirk bears noting: you have to pass your bags through an X-ray before checking in, and after getting your boarding pass, you have to go right through the same security gate in reverse to find immigration and departures. Don't go up the staircase — it's a dead end leading only to the viewing lounge.
Rail traffic to Riyadh is increasing, with the city being the center of a new high speed network that's under construction. The classic line runs from the coastal city of Dammam, near the border with Bahrain, via Al-Hofuf and Al-Hasa. There are five trains per day with a journey time of 3½ hours for the full length. Additionally, there is at least one train per day from Ha'il and Buraydah on the new North-South line, taking 2½ hours. In the future trains will run from Al-Qurrayat near the border with Jordan.
There are two stations: trains from Damman arrive at the older  Riyadh railway station (محطة قطار الرياض) is located south of the city centre, along Omar Ibn Al Khattab Road. The brand-new  Riyadh railway station SAR is along Ath Thumamah Road in the northern parts of the city. For both stations, it's recommended to show up at least 30 minutes early, as you'll need to pass through security before boarding.
Two Saudi railway companies were merged in 2021, with the new one called Saudi Arabia Railways.
Central Bus Terminal (is inconveniently located in the Aziziyah district some 17 km south of the city center; expect to pay at least SR30 for a taxi to get there), ☏ +966 1-2647858. The national bus company SAPTCO runs daily buses from all cities within the Kingdom.As of April 2023 it only provides international connections to UAE, Bahrain and Egypt (ferry connection). However there is at least one bus daily to Amman (departure in the afternoon) provided by another operator. Ask around in the bus station.Buses from Dammam take a tolerable 4½ hours, while it's a punishing 10-12 hour haul from Jeddah or Mecca. There are international routes from Amman (19 hr), Dubai (14 hr), Manama (10 hr) and Kuwait City (14 hr) among others as well. (updated Apr 2023)
The main east-west road through Riyadh is Highway 40 from Dammam and the causeway from Bahrain to Khobar with other road links mainly leading to the North of the Kingdom.
Most roads are tarmacked, albeit to varying levels of repair. Driving standards are slightly more sensible than those of the city centers, but caution is still needed. Some highways see heavy usage from lorries and petrol tankers, often in convoy.
Riyadh is very much a car-oriented city, and public transportation in Riyadh is badly underdeveloped. There are no street addresses as such in Riyadh, as mail is delivered to post office boxes, so getting around requires knowing landmarks near the place where you want to go. The only reliable means of transport in Riyadh is a car: you would either depend on cabs or you would have to rent your own car. Generally prices are lower in Riyadh than most other big cities in the world.
If you are travelling by your own car then it is wise to carry a GPS system or better yet use Google Maps as it seems to be the most updated of the navigation systems with the different points of interest. Plan your route before the start of the journey. Although many streets, roads and landmarks are marked in both Arabic & English yet there are a few important major streets, roads and exits that are still marked in Arabic only.
It is important to carry your valid identification (i.e. passport, national ID, or Iqama) at all times. You may experience difficulties obtaining accommodation and may experience bigger problems if you are stopped at any of the city's check points (these can be both permanent or temporary). Not being able to show valid identification when asked by the police may land you in jail. Therefore, it is also advisable to keep details of your sponsor on hand in case you require assistance while out and about.
Most visitors rely on white taxis, which are abundant in the city centre but can be harder to find on the outskirts or at night. The ride-hailing apps in Riyadh are Uber and Careem. For taxis, drivers will usually use the meter without asking if you do not propose a fixed price, and with a starting fare of SR5 and the meter ticking up SR/km after the first kilometer, most metered trips within the city cost under SR30. However, locals usually prefer to negotiate fares in advance, and this can often be cheaper than using the meter: short hops start at SR10, a longer journey might be SR15.
Single women are legally allowed to take registered public taxis, but many female visitors and expats choose not to, opting for transport provided by a hotel, their company or compound instead.
The level of English spoken varies from decent (especially Indian and Pakistani drivers) to non-existent, so try to find out the name of your destination in Arabic before you head off. Solo male travelers are expected to hop into the front seat, next to the driver, while women must sit in the back.
Drivers are usually familiar with major local landmarks, but you're expected to know your way to your destination from there. Bring a map and the phone number of someone at your destination to call for directions.
Flat-fare minibuses (SR3) rumble the streets of Riyadh, but these are mostly used by laborers. They are quite difficult for the casual visitor to use: there are no posted stops, and routes are usually written only in Arabic. Most routes converge on al-Bathaa, and the adventurous visitor can try his luck on route 9, which runs from al-Bathaa up Olaya Road.
January 2024: most stops on route 9 are now marked and sheltered with air conditioning. English annoucements are available on vehicles. Tickets can be purchased at kiosks at bus stands. Contactless payment onboard is also available.
The best option for traveling in Riyadh is your own car, ideally driven by somebody else used to the conditions, but many expats take the plunge and drive themselves. The traffic in Riyadh is, by Saudi standards, fairly sane: ubiquitous raised bumps on lane markers keep cars traveling more or less in a straight line, and radar-equipped cops on the major highways zap the craziest of speeders. Still, the local driving style can charitably be described as "aggressive", with swerving from the leftmost lane to the exit ramp on a four-lane highway being par for course, and central Riyadh jams up almost daily during rush hour.
The modern, northern half of Riyadh is very pedestrian-hostile, with 8-lane roads filled with speeding SUVs making crossing the road a dangerous exercise. Pedestrian bridges and proper sidewalk are very few and far between, even if there has been a push from the local government to improve the situation. There are plenty of reckless drivers and caution is needed even at stoplights. Add in the fearsome summer heat, and it's little surprise that there aren't too many people walking about. But if you're the fearless type, walking can be a great way of seeing the city. Make sure to stay in the shade, be careful along stretches without a pedestrian walkway.
One exception to the car dominance is al-Bathaa, most of the alleys in this neighborhood are too narrow or congested for cars and walking is the only way of getting around.
Cycling is uncommon in Riyadh, but there is a small network of protected cycle paths.
The pointy facade of the National Museum
Riyadh at night, seen from the Skybridge of the Kingdom Centre
Sightseeing in Riyadh is a frustrating exercise in careful timing: not only are most sites closed on weekends (F-Sa) and during prayer hours, but visiting hours are segregated between men and families, though some flexibility might be provided for western nationals. The one saving grace is that many sites stay open until 9PM.
Masmak Fortress (قصر المصمك, Qasr al-Masmak), Deira. Temporary closed due to COVID-19. The heart of old Riyadh, this was the fortress stormed by King Abdul Aziz and his men in their daring reconquest of Riyadh in 1902. Renovated in 2008 to an inch of its life, the mud brick structure now looks like it was built yesterday, but the museum inside does a pretty good job of recounting the story of the raid and has some fascinating photos of old Riyadh as well. Alas, the second half is devoted to extolling the greatness of the Sauds in everything from agriculture to education. Free. (updated Aug 2021)
Murabba Palace (قصر المربع,Qasr al-Murabba) (next to National Museum). Su-F 6-9PM. Riyadh's second old mud-brick palace, built by King Abdul Aziz after he conquered Masmak Fortress and figured he should built something harder to conquer. This two-story structure does indeed look pretty intimidating, but permits are no longer needed to venture inside, where you can find sights including the first royal Rolls-Royce. Free.
National Museum, ☏ +966 1 402 9500. Open Sa M W Th 8AM-8PM F 4PM-8PM Su 8AM-2PM. Undoubtedly the top sight in Riyadh, this museum (opened in 1999) is done up with the latest technology and is very accessible to visitors, with almost everything available in English. There are so many video presentations and mini-theatres that you could probably spend an entire day here doing virtual tours of Madain Salih or watching re-enactments of the Prophet Mohammed's battle of Medina. Highlights include a kiswah cloth that once covered the Kaaba in Mecca. Half the time, though, it feels more like a propaganda exercise than a museum: the display on plate tectonics starts with a quote from the Quran, the history of the Sauds is rather airbrushed, and the display on the birth of Mohammed, reached from the clash and noise of the Jahiliyah (age of ignorance) by riding an escalator up into a room of soothing, pastel light while a choir of angels sings, has probably inspired a few conversions to Islam. Many cabbies will not recognize the English name, ask for the neighboring Murabba Palace (Qasr al-Murabba) instead. Free. (updated Aug 2021)
Thinking of going to see a beheading?
"You don't want to see one," an older friend of mine named Fred told me a short time later.
"Believe me, you're going to see enough ugly stuff by the time you're my age without having to carry around the memory of a beheading the rest of your life," Fred said. "You think it won't bother you, but it's a hard thing to see. Harder to forget. Wish I never went."
--Victor Hanson, Letter #11 from Saudi Arabia
As-Sufaat (Deira Square). Next to the Great Mosque and the mutawwa headquarters, this nondescript expanse of cement is known by expats as Chop-Chop Square as convicts are publicly beheaded with a scimitar here. Executions take place on Friday mornings at 9 AM, but not every week, and no notice is given in advance. Beware that any Westerners nearby have been known to be taken to the front row and forced to watch the whole thing, in order to further shame the condemned. It is forbidden to take photos of executions or to record videos of them.
Kingdom Centre (المملكة Al-Mamlaka), No. 94, Al Olaya. Daily 4-11PM. Undoubtedly Riyadh's most stunning piece of modern architecture, at 305 m the Kingdom Centre is the second tallest building in Saudi Arabia and quite a sight, especially when lit up at night. The centre hosts an (expensive) three-story shopping mall, with one floor reserved for women, but the main reason to visit is the 99th-floor Skybridge connecting the two peaks at a height of 300 m. Best visited at dusk or after dark, from here you'll get great views over the vast and flat but well-lit expanse of the city. SR60 (Skybridge). (updated Aug 2021)
A dry and sharply defined riverbed (wadi) begins about 40 km north of Riyadh and runs in a north-south direction for over 120 km, cutting through the western edge of the city, known as Wadi Hanifah. Wadi Hanifah was once the lifeblood of the Riyadh area, rich in groundwater, filled with palm groves and farms and dotted with a string of small towns and villages throughout history. The Wadi has been used as a large dumping ground for wastewater, sewage, and industrial waste, but an ambitious rehabilitation project has been completed. An 80 km stretch running through western Riyadh is now essentially an 80-km desert park, though many parts of the Wadi floor are occupied by private estates and farms with high walls. The Wadi has several entry points, but perhaps the easiest route is by taking King Abdullah Road west past the university and into the town of Arqah. Eventually, you will reach a large round-about. Take the exit heading downwards into the Wadi. Follow the road even as it winds and weaves its way through the Wadi (do not be tempted to turn onto any side streets). Eventually, you will reach a police checkpoint, to the left of which is an entry point to the Wadi floor. A narrow paved road runs along the Wadi floor. Heading southwards, you will eventually find designated picnic and barbecue spots facing the Wadi's cliff-like walls.
While dry for most of the year, wadis can flood very quickly with a moderate amount of rain. Never approach a wadi during the rain or even its immediate aftermath. Even looking over the edge of a wadi can be dangerous as the Wadi's edges can break off during the rain. Every year, several deaths are reported from flash floods all across Saudi Arabia.
Located on a hill overlooking Wadi Hanifa, Al-Dir'iyyah, on the northwestern outskirts of Riyadh, is the ancestral home of the Saudi royal family and served as the Saudi capital until 1818. The ruins of the old city are being restored and renovated. Opened as of December 2022.
Although few Saudis play golf, there are surprisingly good golf courses around. The best one is the 18-holes course in  Dirab Golf & Country Club a good 30 minutes drive west of Riyadh. Nice layout with green and inviting grass, and the last 9 holes are even floodlit. They offer tennis, swimming and horse-back riding as well. There's also a quite nice 9-holes short range course connected to the Hotel Intercontinental almost in the dead centre of the city. Nice but short - also floodlit. If you travel about 20 minutes to the north-east you will find a not so nice desert course with browns instead of greens (the putting area consist of sand/oil mixture instead of grass).
Head west down the Makkah Road for 30 minutes, and you'll reach the edge of the Tuwaig Escarpment. As you make the 200-m sharp drop from the Tuwaig escarpment to Najd-proper, you will get a good feel of the desert with dunes and buttresses.
Heading northeast of the airport to the Thumama sand dunes, one can engage in "dune bashing" in 4x4 SUVs or in rented ATVs.
King Fadh Sports City (مدينة الملك فهد الرياضية). This stadium has closed for reconstruction. It's being expanded to 92,000 capacity and in 2027 hosts soccer matches in the AFC Asian Cup Finals. (updated Feb 2024)
KSU Stadium (ملعب جامعة الملك سعود). Opened in 2015, this is the home ground of Al Nassr FC, who play soccer in Pro League the top tier. It has a capacity of 25,000 and in 2027 hosts matches in the AFC Asian Cup Finals. (updated Feb 2024)
Prince Faisal bin Fahd Sport City (مدينة الأمير فيصل بن فهد الرياضية). With a capacity of 22,500, this is the home ground of Al Hilal and Al Shabab, who both play soccer in Pro League. It too is a venue for the 2027 AFC Asian Cup Finals. (updated Feb 2024)
Prince Mohammed bin Salman Stadium and Riyadh Stadium are two new venues under construction.
Since 2018, you can enjoy one of several newly opened cinema complexes that show the latest Western, Arabic, and Indian movies, the movies shown are censored though. (Check the VOX Cinema website for detailed information of movie listings and locations.)
Several tour companies offer desert trips, mostly to Ad-Dahna desert 1 hour east of Riyadh near the road towards Dammam. Tours usually run from 2pm to 11pm and include drinks, food and activities such as volleyball, sand boarding, etc. (250 SAR)
Some tours let you camp in the desert.
Reliable operator include Yalla Hike, HikeMania and Riyadh Hiking.
Riyadh's main roads are nothing but one shopping mall after another.
Al Faisaliah, Olaya Rd. At the foot of the Al Faisaliah skyscraper, this is one of Riyadh's swankiest malls, anchored by a Harvey Nichols department store. The food court on the third floor is among the best in the Kingdom; the one in the basement, on the other hand, is deserted. There is a fun park in the basement near the entrance on Olaya road. Families only W-F.
Jarir Bookstore (Makatba Jarir), Olaya Rd (south of Musa ibn Nosayr St). The two-level flagship store of Saudi Arabia's largest bookstore, most of the store is actually taken up by a wide range of computer gear, stationary, music and DVDs. The best English-language magazine and book selection in Saudi — which, alas, isn't saying all that much.
Sahara Mall and Hayat Mall, Intersection of King Abdul Aziz Rd and Prince Abdullah Bin Abdul Aziz Rd. Sahara Mall hosts a VOX cinema. The second floor and food court are under renovation as of 2021, half of the shops are closed hence it is pretty desert. Hayat Mall is right next to Sahara Mall, it is significantly bigger than Sahara Mall with Danube hypermarket. (updated Sep 2020)
Localizer Mall, Tahlia St. A great place to visit if you are in Tahlia. They have wide range of clothing store as well as fine dining restaurant such as Outback.
Granada Mall (near the airport), info@granadacenter.com.sa. Has a Carrefour, H&M and Sun & Sands shops.
Al Nakheel Mall. The mall has range of clothing shops, Virgin store and food count. Shops in the extension are mostly not opened yet but with a cinema at the end. (updated Feb 2021)
Othaim Mall, East Ring Road (between exit 14 and 15). A large mall with local and international brands, a food court and a couple of fine dining restaurants. (updated Oct 2016)
Riyadh Park Mall, Northern Ring Branch Road (Near Exit 5). Contains several local and international brands, cafes, cinema and restaurants. (updated Feb 2021)
Souq al-Thumairi (شارع الثميري), Deira (next to Masmak Fortress). Also known as Antique Souq, this is Riyadh's most touristy souq, which isn't saying all that much. It specializes in Arabic goods cheap and expensive, authentic and fake, with carpets, coffee pots, daggers, jewelry and more. Most of it is made elsewhere, nothing is authentically Saudi. English is generally spoken, and haggling is obligatory.
Eating out is one of the few pleasures of Riyadh — there's a pretty good selection of restaurants for various cuisines, ranging from cheap and hearty to fancy and expensive.
Your best bet for cheap, filling meals are Riyadh's countless small Pakistani/Indian restaurants, which can fill you up with curry and rice for about SR11.
Fast food places abound in Riyadh's shopping malls, with a full meal with drink averaging around SR20. If you want something other than the usual hamburgers and kebabs, Pizza Hut offers a pretty good salad buffet.
Mama Noura Juice Center (in multiple locations), ☏ +966 1-4708881. Immensely popular chain which does excellent thick, fresh juice cocktails as well, but the main draw here is the famous shwarma, arguably Riyadh's best. They're minuscule in size but cheap at SR4 a pop, so most people order at least three! The menu (available in English) also covers freshly baked pastries, kebabs and some Lebanese treats. Place your order and pay first, then queue at the counters. You can eat in at the diner-style high counters among towering piles of fruit, but most opt for take-away. Under SR10.
Paragon Family Restaurant, حي، Omar Al Moukhtar, Batha (opposite Suncity Supermarket), ☏ +966 1 4083852, riyadhparagon@yahoo.co.in. 5AM-2AM. Providing traditional Malabar cuisine, North-Indian and Chinese. Paragon specials are biriyani, kudukka biriyani (served in a pot) and traditional style fish items. (updated Aug 2022)
Al Shaya Persian Restaurant, Kingdom Centre B1F Food Court< Al Olaya. A chain of Iranian restaurants available at several locations in the city. They offer a good range of kebabs and a better range of mezze like tabbouleh, hummus, eggplant, vine leaves etc. Single portions under SR10, huge set meals SR21. (updated Aug 2022)
Goodah Soos Restaurant, 2861 Abu Bakr Alrazi St. (updated Aug 2022)
Tasters House Pinoy Restaurant, Abu Bakr Alrazi St. Filipino (updated Aug 2022)
Lapaz Batchoy - Sulaymaniyah Br, Near Prince Sultan، Military Medical City Center. Asian (updated Aug 2022)
Pasalubong, 6875 Abu Bakr Alrazi St. (updated Aug 2022)
Najd Village, Takhassusi St. (on Takhassusi about 500 meters southeast of Euromarche). Probably the restaurant with the nicest decor in Riyadh, traditional saudi food, you will be sitting on the floor. SR75.
Burj Al-Hamaam, Takhassusi St. (on Takhassusi opposite to Takhassusi Hospital). One of the older Lebanese restaurants in town, this sparsely-decorated restaurant has had an enduring reputation. It is especially known for its "Sayyadiyya" and its "Kibbe in pomegranate sauce." SR30.
Tokyo, Oruba St. (at the eastern end of Oruba St.). This is an oldest Japanese restaurant in town (dating from the 1980s). rumor said it is run by Japanese but serving fusion Japanese food. Closed on Fridays. SR70 pp. (updated Aug 2021)
Assaraya, Talatheen St, ☏ +966 1 463 6000. This very popular Turkish restaurant is packed during the evening hours. Meat is the name of the game here, and it comes in numerous tasty variations. The bread is superb! SR30.
Chilis, Al Thoumamah Rd. Quite good rendition of TexMex with a typical American look-and-feel. If you're from the Northeast of the US, the Buffalo wings and tenders are recommended - excellent hotsauce. SR60.
Korean Palace, Makkah Rd (opp Holiday Inn al-Qasr), ☏ +966 1-4631102. Korean-run eatery offering reasonably authentic Korean, Japanese, and Chinese food at reasonable prices. Popular with the local Asian community. SR100 pp. (updated Aug 2021)
Mirage Restaurant, Al-Takhassosi Rd, North West Riyadh (west of Kingdom Tower), ☏ +966 1-4834127. Taiwanese-Saudi run Chinese restaurant offering a variety of foods from throughout Asia, stick to the Saudized Taiwanese or Chinese menu items. The pigeon is a great appetizer as an alternative to the deep fried appetizer menu. The restaurant is accepting of business mixed gender groups. Ask for a table on top of the illuminated fish tanks in the center of the restaurant. Getting there can be difficult as it is in a side strip mall, look for the pagoda top and the neon Chinese gate. SR80. (updated Aug 2021)
Steak House, North Ring Rd.. Basic chain steak house - think Ponderosa - with a decent selection of steaks and other meat products. One of many locations throughout Riyadh. SR60.
Teatro, between Olaya and King Fahad Rd. next to Pizza Hut on Olaya. Teatro is an amazing find in the small area between Olaya and Kind Fahad Road. The bachelor side (the only side visited this trip) looks like a very odd dance club. The "VIP room" and were not told has an extra SR 30 charge per person. The area is a mix of 1960s mood lighting, lava lamps, odd kitsch, and a hunter's room with hunted animals every where. Add in Pink Floyd's "The Wall" (a bit of irony for the Kingdom) and a few huge screen TVs - the place is a den for sports fans in Riyadh. We were told the place sells out on football nights. The food is international in style and average. The food is average, but the decor and oddity of finding a place like this in Riyadh will entice a return visit during a football match. There is a family side that looks just as interesting. SR60/SR90 VIP.
Sheraton Riyadh. Offers a very rich buffet for breakfast, covering a wide spectrum of Mediterranean and Middle Eastern delicacies, as well as regular European food. The Italian restaurant in the ground floor of Sheraton Riyadh is excellent. The pasta with its freshly prepared sauce is recommended. (updated May 2023)
Spazio (Located at the top floor of Kingdom Center). This restaurant is nominally Italian but in fact serves a varied international cuisine. Despite the view and cost, the food is not especially impressive. (updated May 2023)
With alcohol and nightclubs banned, Riyadh's nightlife is infamously nonexistent. Shisha (water pipe) cafes, long banned, were finally allowed back within city limits from 2019 -- ask a local (or any taxi driver) for his favorite. Coffeeshops can also be found in abundance throughout the city, particularly on Tahlia St (officially Prince Mohammed Bin Abdul Aziz St) in Olaya.
For the foreign workers - the expats - the social life can be quite (well, comparatively) rich however. There are always a good party going on in the embassy area or in one of the compounds. And at these private parties there's always a chance to find some illegal booze.
In case you run into it, especially within expat communities, Saudi champagne refers to a non-alcoholic drink, typically a mix of Sprite and apple cider.
The Globe, Al-Faisaliah (entry via South Lobby), ☏ +966 1-2732000. Suspended 240 meters above Riyadh in the giant glass ball of the al-Faisaliah building, the Globe is the hippest cafe-restaurant and probably the single best splurge in town. So dimly lit at night that the waiters fade into the shadows, you can settle back in a plush leather seat, order a bottle of (non-alcoholic) bubbly, puff on a Cohiba and watch the lights of the city twinkle below. Reservations required, but they'll make one for you at the lobby if there's space. On the way out, stop at "the experience" level outdoor viewing platform. Day SR100, night SR170 minimum charge, dinner SR175.
This guide uses the following price ranges for a standard double room:
Most of Riyadh's budget accommodation is in al-Batha. It is advised that you should check the room condition and proper functioning of all equipment (e.g. TAP/FLUSH/TV/Power Outlets etc.)in budget hotel prior to check in.
Almuthana, King Fahd Rd (between Tahlia St and Faisaliah), ☏ +966 1-2931230. Modern, stylish hotel offering four-star quality at reasonable price compared to its branded equivalents, but service is rather inept. Free (but not tremendously fast) wireless internet, small indoor pool and limited gym (open only in the evening). Cafe on mezzanine for buffet breakfast is relaxed, 8th floor restaurant dinner buffet expensive at SR120 but tasty. From SR500.
Swiss Spirit Hotel & Suites Metropolitan, Al Safaha District Riyadh, (Business District), ☏ +966 011 485 7777, fom.metropolitan@swissspirithotels.com. 80 spacious rooms & suites with high-end finishing, all-day dining restaurant. Complimentary high speed Wi-Fi. From SR 370 per night.. (updated Jun 2018)
Faisaliah tower (right) and the al-Faisaliah hotel (left)
At the upper end, hotel prices in Riyadh have increased rapidly in the past few years and are now almost as expensive as Dubai. Expect to pay north of SR600.
Al Faisaliah Hotel, A Rosewood Hotel, King Fahd Rd, ☏ +966 1-2732000. Luxury hotel offering facilities for meetings, conferences, weddings and events. Also provides accommodations, restaurants and vacation packages for tourists as well as business travelers. SR 1,400.
Ascott Rafal Olaya Riyadh, 7706, Sahafa Olaya St, ☏ +966 11 408 8700, enquiry.riyadh@the-ascott.com. Equipped with studio apartments, one and two bedroom apartments. This property offers complimentary shower amenities and on-site gymnasium. (updated Nov 2017)
Four Seasons Riyadh, Kingdom Tower, King Fahd Rd, ☏ +966 1 211 5000. It doesn't get any cooler than staying in the 302-m Kingdom Tower, and the Four Seasons features what you expect from a luxury hotel. Singles from SR1200, doubles from SR1400.
Holiday Inn Al-Qasr, Olaya Main Rd, ☏ +966 1-4625000. Formerly the Howard Johnson Olaya Palace, but thoroughly renovated and reopened in 2007. Modern design, decent rooms, central location, basic gym. Rooms from SR550. Internet SR100/day, breakfast buffet SR105.
Intercontinental Hotel, ☏ +966 1 465 5000. Popular hotel for visiting businessmen. Large meeting facilities, good restaurants, close to Olaya Road business district.
Luthan Spa and Hotel, Aruba Rd (Near King Khalid Eye Hospital), ☏ +966 1-4807799, e-commerce@luthanhotel-spa.com. The first and only women-only hotel in Saudi. Most visitors are locals coming here for the spa, but there are also 25 rooms for overnight visitors. SR350-979.
Marriott Riyadh, ☏ +966 1-4779300. In desperate need of a facelift and awkwardly located to the east of the city core. About the best that can be said is that it's clean and quiet. Once you're in the room, you can easily imagine you're in any Marriott in the US, even the bathrooms look identical. Superb, large-size indoor swimming pool and excellent fitness room (included in room charge). SR1000.
Radisson Blu Hotel, Riyadh, Al Mubarakiah Plaza, ☏ +966 (11) 4791234, reservations.riyadh@radissonblu.com. Very comfortable modern hotel with a Scandinavian touch. Nice gym with two saunas and pools, free Internet and a rather good breakfast. Has four in-house restaurants including a Japanese and an Italian one. SR800. (updated Aug 2020)
Sheraton Riyadh Hotel & Towers, King Fahd Rd, ☏ +966-11-454-3300. Check-in: 3PM, check-out: noon. Older but well-maintained property about 3 km north of the city center, handy for both the airport and doing business. Good restaurants, but virtually nothing within walking distance. SR900.
Swiss International Royal Hotel, King Fahad Rd, Al Safaha District, ☏ +966 11 234 9999, fom.roya@swissinternationalhotels.com. 4-star hotel, consisting of 60 rooms & suites, a health club, spa, 4 meeting rooms & an all-day dining restaurant. From SR 490 per night. (updated Jun 2018)
Internet cafes can be found in the computer souq in Olaya. Riyadh is also pushing forward with its "Smart City" program, which will attempt to provide wireless access throughout the city in the major coffeeshops and hotels, particularly on Tahlia St in the downtown area.
Pretty much every place offers free Wifi. Be aware that logging in with international phone numbers will not work (Nov 2022) in most places.
Having a smart phone with internet access is essential as many services are available digital only (e.g. tickets sales).
Riyadh is more conservative than Jeddah or the Eastern Province. Women mostly cover themselves with an abaya (available in shops everywhere in Riyadh) but covering the faces become less common. Read, understand and follow the guidelines in the Saudi Arabia article to stay out of trouble.
In 2002-2004, Riyadh was the site of numerous terrorist attacks on Westerners, including shootings, car bombings and kidnappings, culminating in the May 12, 2003 compound bombings that killed 35 and injured over 160. In response, Saudi security forces cracked down brutally, and there have been no terrorist attacks in Riyadh since 2004. Security remains very tight though, particularly at housing compounds for foreigners, and police and army units, often heavily armed, are a common sight in the city.
Although Riyadh is sometimes alleged to have one of the lowest crime rates in the world, standard precautions should be taken. The most significant danger to you is driving. Most drivers originate from areas in developing countries and the Middle East which lack traffic laws, driving schools, or even roads for that matter. It's a 'driving culture' where seat belts, mirrors, lane stripes, turn signals and speed limits are ignored. A four-lane highway can easily transform into a seven-lane 'racetrack'. Don't be shy with your horn. Also, whatever you do, do not flip someone the finger/bird as it is taken very differently in Saudi Arabia than in Western countries, and some drivers will kill you in retaliation.
Riyadh can be a challenging destination to live and work in. Some tips for easier adaptation:
Drive yourself, or at least arrange a regular cabbie. This is easier, safer and quite possibly cheaper than relying on taxis for transport.
Socializing with the family-oriented Saudis is virtually impossible, so get in touch with the local expat community if you want to have any semblance of a social life. A network of people from different nationalities will allow you better knowledge of (and access to) embassies and private parties.
Try to get out of Riyadh on the weekends for a change of venue. Though regulations for single males to enter shopping malls have been loosened, one quickly runs out of options without pre-planning private events.
Respect Islam and abide by the country's strict Islamic laws. Although rare, there are cases of Westerners arrested, deported and receiving corporal punishment for showing signs of disrespect. Expect no leniency if you are Muslim, South Asian or Southeast Asian. Riyadh is one of the strictest cities in Saudi Arabia.
Pakistan, Al Safarat Quarter, ☏ +966 11 488 4111.
Finland, Diplomatic Quarter, Riyadh, ☏ +966 1-488 1515, +966 1-488 2114, fax: +966 1-488 2520, sanomat.ria@formin.fi. Sa-W 8AM-3:45PM.
Greece, P.O.Box 94375, Riyadh 11693, ☏ +966 1-4801974, +966 506 090207 (Mobile - Emergencies), fax: +966 1-4801969, gremb.ria@mfa.gr.
Indonesia, Diplomatic Quarter, ☏ +966 11 4882800, riyadh.kbri@kemlu.go.id. (updated Jan 2018)
Romania, King Fahad Quarter, Amin al Rehany Street, Villa no.8, ☏ +966 11 2630456, fax: +966 11 4569985, riyadh@mae.ro. (updated Dec 2021)
United States of America, ☏ +966 1-4883800, fax: +966 1-4887360, riyadhniv@state.gov.
France, Al Safarat, Riyadh 11693, ☏ +966 11 434 4100, diplomatie@ambafrance.org.sa.
If your budget stretches to flights, Saudi Arabia is your oyster, with the entire country within a 1½-hour radius of Riyadh.
Jeddah — the largest port on the Red Sea and the gateway to Mecca and Medina, but with good scuba diving too
Bahrain — if you have a car, the 4-hour drive through the desert to the comparatively liberal state of Bahrain is not too bad
Dubai — The new luxurious party city of the Middle East. If you have a car, it will be a 10-hour drive east through the desert. For cheap flights, approximately 1½ hours, take a low-cost airline into Sharjah.
If you are willing to spend a bit more, there are great cultural and nightlife locations within a 3-hour flight (and USD300) radius.
Beirut — Saudi Arabian Airlines & Middle Eastern Airlines provide excellent connections multiple times a day. If you are for drinking on a plane, MEA will be your choice, as Saudia does not serve alcohol on any of its flights.
Muscat — This Arabian treasure provides an excellent home base for exploring Oman and its natural and cultural heritage with great opportunities for experienced and novice scuba divers alike.
This city travel guide to Riyadh has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!