Big-city culture and small-city charm combine in Rochester, a mid-sized city on the shore of Lake Ontario. The birthplace of amateur photography, Rochester was synonymous with Eastman Kodak for much of the 20th century, but the city's fame was established well before George Eastman came on the scene. Today, its historical treasures complement modern family-friendly attractions that rival those found in much larger communities.
In Rochester, you can find the only museum in the world dedicated to play; award-winning music, dance, and acting ensembles; a dense festival calendar covering nearly every weekend of the year; minor-league sports of the highest caliber; and a trio of majestic waterfalls right in the middle of the city. The gateway to the scenic and culinary delights of New York's Finger Lakes region, Rochester is the perfect place to begin your exploration of Western New York.
With more than 210,000 residents, Rochester is the fourth-largest city in the state of New York, after New York City, Buffalo, and Yonkers. Lake Ontario lies to its north, with the Genesee River flowing northward through the city and over a set of three waterfalls. The historic Erie Canal also runs along the city's borders.
But Rochester is much more than just its waterways. The city loves to celebrate its long history of industry and invention, taking pride in the many innovators and social reformers that have made their marks here. It also looks to the future, to the new places to which today's innovations will lead. And when it's time to relax, few cities of its size can compare when it comes to the variety and quality of its cultural and recreational events.
Above all, the city's primary trait may be perseverance. Epitomized by the yearly collective slog through another snowy winter, this perseverance also manifests itself in the way Rochester has reinvented itself over the years. Even today, as the city tries to chart its course through the 21st century, its people plunge forward with that same determination, carrying with them not just the hope, but the certainty that springtime will arrive and with it, growth.
Rochester has always been defined by water. It was born in the early 19th century as a small village on the Genesee River, a few miles south of Lake Ontario. The village was constructed around flour mills that took advantage of the three waterfalls on the river for power. When the Erie Canal was built a few years later, it was routed through Rochester, and the small village became America's first boomtown, a major trade center for grain being shipped east and goods being shipped west. It soon garnered the nickname "The Flour City", and its products were known as far away as England.
As time went on, and farmland opened up in the Great Plains, Rochester's flour industry faded, to be replaced by a succession of others, including clothing, shoes, boats, and horticulture. By the middle of the nineteenth century, Rochester's nurseries and gardens had led to a new nickname: "The Flower City", celebrated each year with the famous Lilac Festival each May. Rochester also became a center for social progressivism. The great abolitionist orator Frederick Douglass made his home here for many years, and suffragist Susan B. Anthony was a lifelong resident.
In the early 1900s, the modern city began to take shape, molded in large part by the philanthropy of George Eastman, whose Eastman Kodak camera company became the area's largest employer. The Eastman School of Music, the Eastman Theatre, the George Eastman Museum, and numerous other buildings and institutions remain today as testaments to his influence and generosity.
Since World War II, Rochester has seen a decline in population but has also seen periods of urban renewal funded by industry. In the 1960s and 70s, the city became known as the leading jazz town in upstate New York, a legacy recalled today by the annual Rochester International Jazz Festival in June. Around the turn of the century, Rochester started calling itself "The World's Image Centre", based on the local prominence of imaging giants Kodak and Xerox and optics company Bausch & Lomb. Those "Big Three" have all downsized in the years since, however, forcing yet another Rochester reinvention.
The industrial decline has been painful, but it has been countered by a rise in world-class historical and cultural attractions as the city learns to take advantage of what makes it unique.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Precipitation+Snow totals in inchesSee Rochester's 7 day forecast
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Rochester is unashamedly part of the Snow Belt of the United States, competing every year with its upstate neighbors for the "coveted" Golden Snowball Award (for most snowfall). Although snowfalls in Rochester were once legendary, the lake-effect snow lately has favored Syracuse and Buffalo. Indeed, Rochester has experienced several winters in the 21st century with less than six feet of snow. (Yes, that's low.)
Visitors are often surprised by the sheer amount of snow Rochesterians will put up with. It takes multiple feet of snow or biting cold frostbite-in-ten-minutes temperatures to close schools; anything less and you just put another layer on and grab the shovel. And forget about work or college being canceled; unless the governor has declared a state of emergency, you'll find commuters dutifully plunging forth across barely-plowed roads and highways. And sometimes, even then....
Simply stated, snow is a daily fact of life in Rochester winters, and the traveler must be prepared to deal with it as the locals do: with a hearty grumble of resignation, the assertion that "at least we don't have earthquakes, tornadoes, or hurricanes", and the knowledge that better days lie ahead.
Rochester astronomer Lewis Swift (1820–1913) once attended a conference in California. Invited to gaze through the telescope there, he expressed amazement.
"What do you see?" he was asked.
"Well what did you expect to see?"
Fortunately, those "better days" are truly gems, and few cities appreciate them more when they arrive. "The weather is beautiful" headlines can often be found in the news media when a wave of pleasant weather hits. July and August can be very humid at times, but relief is rarely more than a few days away. May, June, late August, September, and early October have the most comfortable temperatures. Outside of those months, partly sunny days alternate with overcast conditions and heavy precipitation, ranging from light fluffy snow to heavy wet glop to cold damp drizzle.
But all this emphasis on winter should not overshadow Rochester's short but beautiful springs, mild summers, and very colorful autumns. Rochesterians make the best of winter, but they really take advantage of every nice day the rest of the year—and so should you.
VisitRochester, ☏ +1 585 279-8300, info@visitrochester.com. The official visitor's association for the Greater Rochester area. In addition to English, brochures are available in eight foreign languages: Chinese (simplified), French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Spanish. VisitRochester has information centers in the following locations:
Center City Visitor Information Center, 45 East Ave Ste 400 (near East Main). M-F 8:30AM-5PM. This is the main office for VisitRochester.
Visitor Information Booth, Greater Rochester International Airport (lower level). Daily 10AM-6PM. Although only staffed during the listed hours, the booth's brochures can be picked up anytime.
Tim Hortons Iceplex Booth, Tim Hortons Iceplex (on the MCC campus). Only staffed during major events, but the brochures are available anytime. (updated May 2024)
Rochester is part of the "Inland North" dialect region of the United States, with only a few minor local variations. There is, though, one language issue that separates Rochester from the rest of the region: American Sign Language. Rochester has one of the highest populations of deaf people (per capita) in the United States, so sign language is not an uncommon sight around the city. Now, it's not a given that you'll see ASL being used if you visit Rochester (unless you drop by the Rochester School for the Deaf, or the National Technical Institute for the Deaf at Rochester Institute of Technology), but you never know.
For deaf people, few cities in the world are as accommodating as Rochester. Most businesses, especially in Henrietta and Brighton, are accustomed to working with deaf customers and many can receive SMS text messages. Many major events will be interpreted, either by default or upon request. At RIT, nearly all events have both captioning and interpreters. Wherever the event is held, a quick phone call to the venue or sponsor is often all that is needed to ensure the presence of an interpreter.
If you encounter a deaf person but don't know sign language, remember not to shout. You can raise your voice slightly, but it's most important to speak clearly and directly, being careful not to hide your mouth with your hand. If all else fails, find a piece of paper and write back and forth. If an interpreter is available, be sure to address the deaf person, not the interpreter. The deaf person will watch the interpreter, but you should be looking at the deaf person and listening to the interpreter.
Greater Rochester International Airport and vicinity.
Greater Rochester International Airport (ROC IATA), 1200 Brooks Ave (southwest of the city proper, 6 mi ( km) southwest of downtown, I-390 to Exit 18B or I-490 to Exit 6), ☏ +1 585-753-7000. It's a very nice medium-sized airport, newly remodeled in 2018, with three runways and two concourses. Southwest and Delta see the most passengers, but American, United, and JetBlue also have multiple daily scheduled flights, mostly to their hub airports. There are direct flights to and from Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Charlotte, Chicago, Detroit, New York City, Orlando, Philadelphia, Tampa, and Washington, D.C.Low-cost airlines Spirit, Allegiant, and Avelo also fly from Rochester to vacation destinations in the South: Raleigh/Durham, Greenville/Spartanburg (South Carolina), Myrtle Beach, Fort Lauderdale, Punta Gorda (Florida), and Orlando. (updated May 2024)
To travel to/from the airport:
RTS Route 23 (West Ave./Airport) ($1 for a single trip, $3 for a day pass) operates between the airport and the RTS Transit Center downtown. Buses come every 30 minutes on weekdays or every 60 minutes weekends and nights.
Taxis cost $2 plus $3/mile; $10 minimum; $/add'l passenger. Monroe County Airport Taxi Service is the only taxi company contracted to have cars waiting for arriving passengers.
Rental cars from most of the major agencies are obtainable at the airport.
Hotel shuttles are free from many of the hotels on the west or south sides of the city.
Ridesharing Services vary in cost based on destination, type, time of day, and a variety of other factors. You can access these services via their websites or via their respective mobile applications on compatible IOS or Android devices. The most popular services in the Rochester area are Lyft and Uber.
Because Rochester is so close to Lake Ontario, the New York State Thruway (Interstate 90) doesn't pass through the city: it runs a few miles to the south, through the southern suburbs. It still provides the quickest route into the area from the east and west, though. Whichever way you're coming, you'll take I-490 to get into the city proper; it leaves the Thruway eastbound at Exit 47, passes through downtown Rochester, then rejoins the Thruway at Exit 45.
Exit 46, between them, is for I-390, the primary route into Rochester from points south. I-390's south end is at I-86, and it also connects with U.S. Route 15 out of Pennsylvania.
From the northeast, if you don't want to head south to the Thruway, most drivers will take State Route 104, a former federal route that constitutes the main rural drag through the northern part of Western New York. 104 also works if you're coming from the northwest—the northern part of the Niagara Frontier—but an alternative is the Lake Ontario State Parkway, which starts 35 mi (56 km) northwest of downtown and follows the lake shore to the Rochester harbor.
See also: Rail travel in the United States
Louise M. Slaughter Rochester station, 320 Central Ave (N Clinton Ave at Central Ave). Daily 5:30AM-12:30AM. The station's immediate environs are not particularly accommodating to pedestrians. You'll probably be fine if you're walking from, say, the transit center, but use caution after dark and don't try to venture north across the railroad tracks. The new Slaughter station itself, though, is up-to-date and modern, if a bit sterile, and its parking lot, are well lit and quite safe. Be prepared for delays and be aware there's not a whole lot to do to kill time in or around the station. There is some minimal retail and amenities like charging outlets. A few taxis will often be waiting at the station around the scheduled arrival times, or you may want to arrange for a rental agency to pick you up. (updated May 2024)
Amtrak, ☏ +1 215-856-7924, toll-free: +1-800-872-7245. Operates trains throughout the United States of America. (updated Dec 2020) Routes stopping at Rochester:
Empire Service operating twice daily between Niagara Falls (New York) and New York City including stops in Buffalo, Buffalo (Depew), Rochester, Syracuse, Rome, Utica, Schenectady, Albany (Rensselaer), Hudson, Rhinecliff, Poughkeepsie, Croton-on-Hudson, and Yonkers.
Maple Leaf train operating daily between Toronto and New York City, in partnership with VIA Rail Canada. Stops between Toronto and Niagara Falls (New York) include in Oakville, Burlington, Grimsby, St. Catharines, and Niagara Falls (Ontario). Stops between Niagara Falls (New York) and New York City are the same as those made by the Empire Service. Border crossing processing takes place in Niagara Falls, where passengers must detrain with their baggage. Train crew members are staffed by VIA Rail within Canada, and by Amtrak within the United States.
Lake Shore Limited operating daily between Chicago and Boston or New York City. It makes stops at most stations along the route, though it does not stop at some of the smallest stations. Trains consist of train cars from both branches between Chicago and Albany (Rensselaer). The trains split into separate branches between Albany (Rensselaer) and both Boston and New York City. Stops between Chicago and Albany (Rensselaer) include South Bend, Elkhart, Waterloo, Bryan, Toledo, Sandusky, Elyria, Cleveland, Erie, Buffalo (Depew), Rochester, Syracuse, Utica, and Schenectady. Stops between Albany (Rensselaer) and Boston include Pittsfield, Springfield, Worcester, Framingham. Stops between Albany (Rensselaer) and New York City include Rhinecliff, Poughkeepsie, and Croton-on-Hudson.
The Amtrak station, Trailways station, and vicinity
Someday, the plan is to upgrade the rail station to incorporate a bus terminal for intercity buses. Until then....
New York Trailways has a temporary bus station just across the street from the train station, at 186 Cumberland St. It is some distance north of the RTS hub, although several routes stop nearby.
Greyhound doesn't even get that much; their busses stop out in the open at 120-124 Pleasant St, at St. Joseph's Park across from the St. Joseph's Garage. But at least it's a very short walk to the RTS hub.
Megabus, the low-cost carrier with fares as low as $1 (in theory), now uses Trailways for their upstate bus network; if you book a trip from Megabus to or from Rochester, it will most likely be on a Trailways bus, at the Cumberland St. station.
With the Erie Canal, Genesee River, Lake Ontario, and Irondequoit Bay, waterways are a rare but not unheard-of method of getting to Rochester.
Coming from Lake Ontario, you have two main options. Irondequoit Bay has a large number of slips throughout its several miles of coastline, but the bay is only open April through October. (Then again, who's out boating in November or March?) You can also head up the Genesee River, where you have a few options. On the west bank, 3-hour courtesy dockage is available right in front of the terminal building, while the nearby Port of Rochester Marina has 30 transient slips (as well as 54 seasonal slips, for you long-term visitors) and a whole host of amenities, including a ship store, utilities, and laundry. The cost for a transient slip is the length of your boat in feet times $ per day. The east bank has commercial marinas like Shumway Marine, with similar amenities, as well as mechanics in case your boat needs some repairs.
If you're entering from Canada, you must immediately report your arrival to U.S. Customs. Nominally, this must be done in person – tricky for boaters, since Rochester's customs office is at the airport! Fortunately, there are alternatives. Most conveniently, the CBP ROAM app lets you report directly from your phone. If you can't use the app for whatever reason, there are tablets available at the Port of Rochester Marina and at Shumway Marine.
If you're on the Erie Canal coming from points east or west, you can often moor in one of the villages along the way, including Pittsford, Fairport, and Brockport, although these are all a few miles outside of Rochester. You could also take the canal to the river, then turn north; you can tie up at Brooks Landing near the University of Rochester, or at Corn Hill Landing just south of the I-490 bridge. Both landings are on the west side of the river.
Rochester and immediate suburbs. A map showing the Downtown area in detail appears below.
Most people will tell you that a car is a virtual necessity for getting around Rochester. Although largely true, especially taking into account the suburbs, the adventurous can manage to see a lot of attractions on foot or bicycle, and the patient can take advantage of the municipal bus system to traverse the entire county.
Of course, in winter all bets are off. Driving becomes potentially hazardous, biking becomes impossible, and walking is very much hit-or-miss.
Rush hours in Rochester are approximately 7AM–8:30AM and 4:30PM–6PM on weekdays, though travelers from more crowded cities might not even notice.
Six major rental agencies have desks at the Greater Rochester International Airport: Avis, Budget, Dollar, Enterprise, Hertz, and National. Most also have locations scattered throughout the city and surrounding towns, and they will usually come pick you up if you're coming in from, say, the Amtrak station. Contact your preferred agency for details and locations.
Those who balk at needing a car to get anywhere in the Rochester area can at least take heart that it is a very drivable city. A common local maxim is that the travel time between any two points in or around the city is twenty minutes. The expressway system was designed in the 50s, when Rochester's population was booming; this growth slowed to a stop soon afterward, leaving a network of high-capacity roads that rarely see congestion. You'll encounter some mild rush-hour slowdowns, especially on Interstates 390, 490, and 590, but visitors from more populous areas will scoff at what Rochesterians call "traffic".
Construction and severe winter weather can disrupt Rochester's normally placid roads, however. In winter, pay close attention to traffic advisories, and if they say "no unnecessary travel"—they mean it. Most of the time, though, drive slowly and carefully and you'll be fine. It takes locals a snowfall or two to remember this every November, so be extra-cautious early in the season.
Outside of downtown, any place you want to go will have its own parking lot of some sort. Downtown, you'll find a mix of dedicated lots, street parking, public lots, and parking garages. Most surface lots are $5/day or thereabouts, with higher prices near the Blue Cross Arena on game/concert nights. The garages are generally priced reasonably as well. Street parking is free evenings and weekends; the same is true at some of the garages, though special events will negate that.
The highway system is designed as two loops, the unofficial "Outer Loop" and the official "Inner Loop", with feeders coming in from the west, east, and south. (North is Lake Ontario—no highways there!) As of November 2014, the Inner Loop is no longer continuous; this urban expressway used to circumscribe the nominal downtown area, although some "downtown" attractions—Frontier Field, High Falls, and most of the museums, for example—lie outside the Inner Loop. The portion of the loop that remains is now a fairly straightforward spur off of I-490, a convenient way to access the northern side of downtown.
I-490 runs east-west right through the middle of the city and formed the bottom portion of the once-complete loop. It is the feeder expressway that connects the Outer and Inner Loops on both the east and west sides of the city, eventually connecting up with Interstate 90, the New York State Thruway, on both ends (several miles out).
The Outer Loop runs very close to the official city limits. I-390 comes up from the south (where it connects with the Thruway), then turns sharply west at a junction with I-590, which heads east. The two spurs curve out and up to the north to form the bottom part of the loop, until they each reach I-490 on either side of the city. Their Interstate designations end there, but the highways each continue north as State Routes 390 and 590. 390 passes State Route 104 and continues north as an expressway to the Lake Ontario State Parkway, just west of the Rochester harbor. 590 also passes Route 104, but then becomes an unnumbered surface boulevard for the rest of its run to the lake, at Seabreeze near Irondequoit Bay.
New York State Route 104 is a major east-west route and forms the northern part of the Outer Loop, although it's only an expressway on one side, from the river east. It's also the main feeder route from the northeast and northwest.
While driving downtown, keep an eye out for these directional signs; they're color-coded by quadrant and provide directions to parking and attractions.
The expressways will get you close to your destination, but navigating the surface streets is necessary as well. Rochester's early founding as a milling village means that its major avenues were laid out to facilitate traffic to outlying and neighboring settlements—namely, in a radiating pattern. In general, "avenues" radiate outward from downtown and "streets" connect the avenues, but this is not set in stone and there are almost as many exceptions as there are examples.
The only place it's really tricky to drive is downtown. There is a small selection of one-way streets, just few enough to confuse you when you encounter one. There are also some turning restrictions on weekdays, especially for turning onto Main Street; watch the signs carefully. Outside of downtown, you shouldn't have any problem navigating the surface streets; most are well signed.
The area bus system is the Regional Transit Service (RTS), run by the Rochester Genesee Regional Transportation Authority (RGRTA). While the buses are clean, efficient, comfortable, and cheap, the low frequency and inconvenience of the bus routes can make using the service frustrating.
The bus routes are designed as a hub-spoke system, optimized for travelers headed to and from downtown. The hub in this case is the downtown  RTS Transit Center between North Clinton Avenue and St. Paul Street, just north of Main Street. As a result, travelers trying to get from one suburb to another often have to ride one bus all the way into the city, then another all the way back out. The system works great for getting to the center of downtown, but the typical rider will be faced with a walk or another bus ride to get the rest of the way to his or her destination.
If the bus routes are convenient for you, though, RTS service is hard to beat, especially when the roads get slushy in winter. Every RTS bus has a bicycle rack on front, which can provide some flexibility if you're willing to bike to a bus stop.
Fares are $1 per ride, or $3 for an all-day pass. You can also prepay with RTS Go via card or mobile app; debits are capped at $3 per day and $56 per month. Discounted fares are available for children and seniors (although you'll need a Medicare or RTS low-fare card for the senior discount). Kids under five ride free, and youngsters must be at least age 11 to ride without an adult. The $ fare is valid for an hour so you can change buses without paying again; be sure to ask the driver for a transfer ticket.
Bus schedules are available online and throughout the city, especially at transit hubs and information centers.
RTS also operates an On Demand service within seven separate suburban areas. Using the RTS On Demand app, you can schedule a pickup anywhere within an On Demand zone and the wheelchair-accessible vehicle will take you anywhere else within that zone. If you're going to or from a connection hub (which lets you connect to the regular RTS Connect bus routes), the fare is only $1; it's $3 if you want curb-to-curb service.
Downtown Rochester is very walkable, at least for eight months out of the year. Traffic is light outside of rush hours, and crosswalks are plentiful. You will still see some remnants of the Rochester Skyway, once an extensive system of enclosed elevated walkways and underground tunnels connecting numerous buildings downtown, but there's not much left. Its continuity was severely disrupted when Midtown Plaza closed in 2008, and subsequent walkway removals resulted in just a couple of disjointed connections remaining, mostly from parking garages to office buildings.
On the surface streets downtown, most areas are relatively safe, but be careful in the northeastern area (bounded by E. Main Street, East Avenue, the Inner Loop, and N. Clinton Avenue), especially at night.
Outside of downtown, there are a number of pedestrian-friendly neighborhoods, including Park Avenue and the South Wedge, but they are not well connected to each other, or to downtown. Safety and navigation become issues the farther out you get from tourist attractions and recreation areas. Especially at night, you'll want vehicular transportation available.
One exception to the general lack of walkability is the Genesee Riverway Trail, an almost-completed walking and biking route along the river. Once completed, this trail will take you from the Erie Canal on the south edge of the city all the way to Lake Ontario at the harbor. It also connects with other trails, especially the Genesee Valley Greenway south of the city.
Outside of the city, the inner suburbs are similarly hard to walk in, but there are pockets of village-like atmospheres where walking can be pleasant, such as Twelve Corners in Brighton and the Titus-Hudson area of Irondequoit.
Rochester has (outside the winter months) a bike-share program operated by Veo. They have e-bikes and electric scooters available throughout the city (either at some set locations or wherever previous users left them). The cost is $1 to unlock plus a small per-minute fee, and you'll need the VeoRide app to unlock the vehicle and pay.
Whether you use Veo or bring your own bike, much of the advice above for pedestrians applies to you as well. A network of paths runs through the city and its suburbs, including the Genesee Riverway Trail, El Camino Trail and the Pittsford Trail System, which are fully accessible for bicycles. The low traffic in Rochester is a boon for cyclists, allowing brave ones to take to the highways (but stay off the expressways!). Also, as noted above, all RTS buses have bike racks mounted on the front, which can be a great convenience.
You can hire a taxi, but you'll need to call ahead to have one pick you up unless you're at the airport or the Amtrak station. Prices are set by the city at $ per 1⁄6 mi ( km), plus $ per additional passenger ($ to/from the airport). $ minimum to/from the airport; $5 minimum otherwise. Local limousine companies can provide more luxurious transportation for a somewhat higher fee.
Uber and Lyft provide ride-hailing service throughout the county, though availability is sketchy overnight.
Most boating in Rochester is exclusively recreational in nature, but you may find it a convenient way to travel between destinations.
The Genesee River is not navigable through downtown; you can go downstream from the south (Erie Canal) as far as the Anthony-Douglass Bridge (I-490), or upstream from the north (Lake Ontario) as far as the Lower Falls, but the three waterfalls and the downtown area are no-go. That still leaves some options, however. Mooring is available at the harbor near Lake Ontario and at Brooks Landing and Corn Hill Landing between the canal and downtown. The Erie Canal passes along the southern city limits, providing access from points east and west to the upper river. It's doable, but be sure to plan for the additional transportation you'll need once your boat is docked.
The Erie Canal is drained every November and not refilled until the end of April.
Downtown Rochester and surrounding areas.
Rochester may not be the most popular place for sightseeing, but the Genesee River gorge and its three waterfalls are certainly worth a trip. For nature lovers, the most scenic of the city's parks is probably Highland Park, although Genesee Valley Park has more recreation options.
Where Rochester shines is in its selection of cultural attractions; the variety and quality compare favorably to cities twice its size. The most prominent of these is the Strong National Museum of Play, absolutely a can't-miss attraction if you have young kids with you or enjoy a sense of nostalgia. The Rochester Museum and Science Center also has fun hands-on exhibits and an adjacent planetarium. History buffs will want to stop by the Susan B. Anthony Museum & House, one of the most important sites in the country for students of the women's rights movement. And fans of photography will be awe-struck by the collections at the George Eastman Museum.
Some of Rochester's most popular parks are built on hills known as the Pinnacle Range. These hills, or kames, were formed at the end of the last ice age, part of a terminal moraine the glaciers left behind. The easternmost is Cobb's Hill, then Pinnacle Hill (the tallest), Highland Park, and Mount Hope. The westernmost hill in the range was Oak Hill, but it was leveled around 1900 for a golf course (which is now in Pittsford and hosts major PGA tournaments). The former site of Oak Hill is now the University of Rochester River Campus.
Famed landscaper Frederick Law Olmsted designed Rochester's first large public parks, which today comprise Highland, Genesee Valley, Maplewood, and Seneca Parks. Each remains a popular destination for locals and visitors alike, supplemented with an array of smaller city parks.
Cobb's Hill Reservoir Park. Cobb's Hill provides a great panoramic view of downtown. Located on the corner of Culver and Monroe, it is an easy walk from the cafes on Park Ave. Large duck pond, baseball diamond, tennis courts and a nice (although steep) trail to the top of the hill, where the reservoir is located. A path popular with runners circles the reservoir. Adjacent to Washington Grove, 26 acres of old-growth Oak–Hickory forest right in the middle of the city.
Genesee Valley Park, Moore Rd (take Elmwood Ave or E River Rd west from Mt Hope Ave). Daily 7AM-11PM. At the confluence of the Genesee River and the Erie Canal, the park is a great place to step off onto the Genesee Riverway Trail, the Genesee Valley Greenway, and the Erie Canalway Trail (see below). It's also known for its golf course, one of the major public courses in the area. (updated May 2024)
Highland Park, Highland Ave at South Ave, ☏ +1 585 753-PARK (7275). Daily 7AM-11PM. Most famous for its hundreds of lilacs, Highland Park is the site of the annual Lilac Festival. Even when the lilacs aren't blooming, though, there are countless other examples of Rochester's horticultural tradition. There is a Sunken Garden behind the Warner Castle, and the Highland Park Bowl, a natural amphitheater, hosts concerts and films during the summer. Adjacent Beikirch Park hosts the county's Vietnam Veterans Memorial and the AIDS Remembrance Garden. (updated May 2024)
Lamberton Conservatory, 171 Reservoir Ave, ☏ +1 585 753-7270. Daily 10AM-4PM except 25 Dec. The conservatory holds a number of more exotic plants that wouldn't survive outside in Rochester, including desert and tropical species. Open year-round and a wonderful refuge from the stark winter landscapes. Adults $3, youths/seniors $2, under 6 free.
Maplewood Park (Maplewood Ave off Driving Park Blvd (South) or Bridge View Dr off Lake Ave (North)). Maplewood is often overlooked, but it's an important piece of the park system. A long, thin park designed by Olmstead as Seneca Park West, it has three distinct areas. The southern park is home to the beloved Maplewood Rose Garden and (with a hike down to river level) has lovely views of the Lower Falls. You can also access Lower Falls Park and see the Middle Falls via the Genesee Riverway Trail. Be sure to check out the sculpture called "The Seat of Remembering and Forgetting". At the northern end you'll have nice views of the Veterans Memorial Bridge and the river gorge, and a pedestrian bridge lets you cross the river to Seneca Park. In between is a wooded trail with some recreation space. (updated May 2024)
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Park (Manhattan Square), 353 Court St, ☏ +1 585 428-7541. This urban park near the Strong Museum features a unique concrete amphitheater with a distinctive metal superstructural sculpture, some play equipment, and a public outdoor skating rink that (in warmer months) converts to a reflecting pool with fountains. It's a major gathering space for Rochesterians and hosts the ROC Holiday Village every December. (updated May 2024)
Mount Hope Cemetery, 1133 Mt Hope Ave, ☏ +1 585 428-7999. Daily 7:30AM-dusk. Frederick Douglass, Susan B. Anthony and other historic figures are buried in this beautiful Victorian cemetery. Also a great place for running or walking. Guided tours are available periodically throughout the year; the Halloween tour is particularly popular. (updated May 2024)
Seneca Park, 2222 St. Paul St. 7AM-11PM (summer hours). While it's best known for the Seneca Park Zoo, the rest of Seneca Park largely maintains its Olmsted design focused on pastoral fields and river overlooks. Trout Lake, formed by damming a natural spring, is a gem. You can access Maplewood Park and the Genesee Riverway Trail via pedestrian bridge over the river. (updated May 2024)
Turning Point Park, 260 Boxart St. No other park (at least, without a beach) gets you as close to the water as Turning Point, named for the large basin where ships coming upstream from Lake Ontario could turn around before reaching the Lower Falls. The park's long trail (part of the Genesee Riverway Trail) includes a southern descent down the gorge to water level, a beautiful curving boardwalk over the river basin, and a northern wooded trail heading toward the harbor. Lots of nature to be found here, including some wetlands. Pastoral and serene. (updated May 2024)
Ontario Beach Park and Durand-Eastman Park are also important locations, but they're better known for their beaches and are covered below.
Rochester's art scene flies a bit under the radar, but there's a lot around if you're willing to look for it. For a nice sampling, you can check out First Friday, a monthly event in which small galleries throughout the city open their doors to expose works from lesser known artists to the public (6PM-9PM, first Friday of every month). Or wait until June, when the Rochester Contemporary Art Center sponsors the annual 6x6 exhibition of tiny 6-inch (150 mm) square tiles, each created anonymously by a different local artist (or celebrity!); only after they're auctioned off to benefit RoCo do the buyers find out the names of the artists!
Artisan Works, 565 Blossom Rd (Park across Blossom Rd; look for the yellow elephant), ☏ +1 585 288-7170. F-Su noon-5PM. A non-profit organization housed in a huge warehouse, Artisan Works comprises a labyrinth of hallways and levels where every square inch is covered with art in all media (but mostly painting and sculpture). Everything is for sale. The gallery provides studio space to dozens of artists, some of whom may be working when you visit, and all of whom are happy to chat about what they're making. Also within is the Triangle Theater, a 30-seat movie theater which features films by student and local filmmakers. Adults $15, students/seniors $10, under 5 free. (updated May 2024)
Charlotte-Genesee Lighthouse, 70 Lighthouse St (Lake Ave to Latta Rd, go SE 400 ft (120 m), turn left before river), ☏ +1 585 621-6179. May-Oct: F-Su 1-5PM; other times by appointment. The oldest remaining lighthouse on Lake Ontario sits high above the Rochester harbor, and visitors can climb to the top of it to see the light, the lens – and the view. Now if, when you get to the lighthouse, you wonder where the shore is, it's half a mile (almost a kilometer) northeast. That's how much land has been added to the northern shore of New York since the lighthouse was built in 1822. The museum inside the keeper's house has a lot of displays on Rochester's harbor history. Adults $5; ages 5-17 $2; under 5 free. (updated May 2024)
George Eastman Museum, 900 East Ave, ☏ +1 585 327-4800, info@eastman.org. Tu-Sa 10AM-5PM, Su 11AM-5PM. The world's oldest photography museum, the George Eastman Museum could really be considered three museums in one. First, and most visible, is the George Eastman House, the mansion built by the founder of Eastman Kodak, restored to appear much as it did when he was alive, illustrating the life of Rochester's elite in the early 20th century. Second, the museum hosts regular rotating exhibits highlighting the history of photography and film. Third, and perhaps most importantly, the museum houses an enormous archive of photographs, film, and related technology, among the largest in the world. Other institutions regularly send film here for conservation. Guided tours of the house are available, and the exhibits can be toured at your own pace, but access to the archives is restricted to serious researchers only. Films are presented regularly in the museum's Dryden Theatre (see below). Adults $22, seniors $20, students $9, under 5 and active military free. (updated May 2024)
Image City Photography Gallery, 722 University Ave (in the Neighborhood of the Arts), ☏ +1 585 271-2540, info@ImageCityPhotographyGallery.com. Tu-Sa noon-6PM; Su noon-4PM. A gallery devoted to photography with a new show every four weeks. If a work strikes your fancy, feel free to purchase it! Free. (updated May 2024)
Memorial Art Gallery, 500 University Ave, ☏ +1 585 276-8900. W-Su 11AM-5PM; Th 11AM-9PM; closed major holidays. The premier art museum in the area, with over 12,000 items, from artists both obscure and renowned. A real Baroque Italian organ resides inside. The Centennial Sculpture Park on the grounds is open 24/7. Adults $20, seniors $18, students $9, under 6 free; $2 less online; half price Th after 5PM; free for active military. (updated May 2024)
RIT City Art Space, 280 East Main St (Sibley Building), CADGalleries@rit.edu. F 1-9PM, Sa Su 1-5PM. A small-ish art gallery operated by RIT, featuring the work of fine arts students, faculty, alumni, and other artists of note. Free. (updated May 2024)
Rochester Contemporary Art Center (RoCo), 137 East Ave, ☏ +1 585 461-2222, info@rochestercontemporary.org. W-Su noon-5PM (9PM on Fri). This non-profit arts center supports local artists, in part by exhibiting their work to the public. But it's not just local artists you'll find in the gallery; they regularly host works from around the world. It's also a gathering place for the local arts community, so dropping by isn't just about viewing the art; it's also about connecting with the artists. $2 ($5 for 6x6 exhibition). (updated May 2024)
Rochester Medical Museum and Archives, 1441 East Ave, ☏ +1 585 922-1847, fax: +1 585 922-0018, VACArchives@rochestergeneral.org. M-F 10AM-4PM. Several different collections, for both exhibition and research, are combined here to document the public health of Rochester and Monroe County. (updated May 2024)
Rochester Museum and Science Center, 657 East Ave, ☏ +1 585 271-4320. Tu-Sa 9AM-5PM (+M during school breaks), Su 11AM-5PM. A science museum filled with hands-on exhibits and activities. Fantastic for kids, but a lot of it is fun for parents, too. Major hands-on exhibits include Wonders of Water, How Things Work, and Illumination: The World of Light and Optics. Don't miss the enormous mastodon skeleton in Expedition Earth, or the musical Tesla coils in the Electricity Theater. Other permanent exhibits focus on the people of the Haudenosaunee, 19th-century Rochester, and the Underground Railroad. The Strasenburgh Planetarium is next door; get a $4 discount on combined admission when you purchase in person. Adults $19, military/veteran $16, seniors/students $18, ages 3-18 $17, under 3 free. (updated May 2024)
Strasenburgh Planetarium, 657 East Ave. W-Su, show times vary. The planetarium adjacent to the RMSC offers a variety of large-format films and planetarium shows using their state-of-the-art star projector. Laser shows set to music are also quite popular. A few space-related exhibits occupy areas outside the star theater. Purchase tickets in person to save $4 on combined admission with the RMSC. Prices per show: adults $12, seniors/students/youths $10, under 3 free. (updated May 2024)
RMSC also operates the Cummings Nature Center in Naples.
Seneca Park Zoo, 2222 St Paul St (Rt 104 to Clinton Ave; follow signs for zoo), ☏ +1 585 336-7200. Apr-Oct: daily 10AM-5PM; Nov-Mar: daily 10AM-4PM; closed first Sa in Jun, Thanksgiving, 25 Dec, 1 Jan. Rochester's zoo is nestled inside the Olmsted-designed Seneca Park. While small—the entire zoo can easily be enjoyed in an afternoon—a lot of value is packed into the small area. The zoo has the only four African elephants in the state, part of their Step Into Africa exhibit that includes a rhinoceros, giraffes, lions, baboons, and zebras. The Rocky Coasts exhibit, with polar bears, sea lions, and penguins, is another highlight. Apr-Oct: ages 12-62 $12, ages 63+ $11, ages 3-11 $9, under 3 free; $2 discount Nov-Mar. (updated Aug 2019)
Zoo Brew. 5:30PM-9PM, various dates in summer (and ZooBRRRew in winter). Enjoy live music, drink beer and wine, socialize, and enjoy other activities among the animals of the zoo. Ages 21 and up only. $10 advance, $15 gate, $50 VIP. (updated May 2024)
Stone-Tolan House Museum, 2370 East Ave. Apr-Dec: Su Tu (except holidays) - tours @ noon, 1PM, 2PM; closed Jan-Mar. The oldest remaining building in Monroe County, parts of which were built as early as 1792. The house later served as a tavern for travelers along East Avenue; it's been restored and serves as an excellent example of the era. Adults $5, under 18 $1. (updated May 2024)
The Strong National Museum of Play, 1 Manhattan Sq (Use parking garage ($7) entrance on Howell St), ☏ +1 585 263-2700. Su-Th 10AM-5PM, F Sa 10AM-8PM. This downtown children's museum, the only one in the world with a specific focus on play, is the place to visit if you have kids from 1-12. You can easily spend a whole day here, or visit a couple of times to enjoy everything. This museum focuses on learning through play and features tons of interactive exhibits, including some focused on well-known themes like Sesame Street. The kid-sized Wegmans supermarket is always a must-do. One nice feature is that most exhibits have information for adults to read (such as on how fairy tales have changed with the times) while the kids do things like climb on a pirate ship. Older visitors (those who can remember the 1980s) may also enjoy the classic arcade cabinets in the eGameRevolution exhibit. The Strong is also home to the National Toy Hall of Fame and the World Video Game Hall of Fame. The museum's Dancing Wings Butterfly Garden costs $6 extra and has a limited number of timed tickets available each day. $25; under 2 free. Butterfly Garden $6 extra; Skyline Climb $8 extra. Discounts for students, veterans, military, SNAP recipients, and members of other museums in the Association of Children's Museums. (updated Jun 2024)
Susan B. Anthony Museum & House, 17 Madison St (Parking at 19 Madison St or on street), ☏ +1 585 235-6124. Tu-Su 11AM-5PM, except major holidays. This is the house where the women's rights activist lived for many years, and where she was arrested after voting illegally in 1872. The museum highlights Anthony's influences, the many reforms she worked for (suffrage, abolition, temperance, education, and a purse of her own among them), her friendship with Frederick Douglass, and her trial for voting. Tours last up to an hour. Don't forget to check the gift shop!. Adults $20, seniors $15, students $8, under 5 free. (updated Jun 2024)
Wall\Therapy. Public art came to Rochester in a (literally) huge way in 2012, in which Wall\Therapy invited urban artists from all around the globe to come and use the city's blank walls as canvases. It started in the Public Market neighborhood, then in 2013 moved to El Camino and the South Wedge. Later years saw other neighborhoods throughout the city receive new murals. You can see a map of locations on the website. No admission needed; just stroll around and gawk.
East Avenue. Don't miss a drive down historic East Ave; with the mansions of Rochester's past barons still mostly intact, you can really see a history lesson of the Rochester area. Another great place to see off of East Ave is the Sandringham/Ambassador Drive neighborhood; some of the greatest residential architecture in Rochester can be viewed here.
Corn Hill. Most famous for its annual Corn Hill Arts Festival, this area can be nice to walk around any time of the year. As Rochester's oldest residential neighborhood, there are lots of beautiful historic homes. Corn Hill Landing, on the river, has shops and restaurants.
Grove Place. Small residential neighborhood in downtown Rochester. Full of beautiful 19th-century townhouses. Several good restaurants are in the neighborhood and it is in easy walking distance to Eastman Theater and the Eastman School of Music as well as the Memorial Art Gallery.
High Falls. The majestic High Falls of the Genesee are what attracted settlers to the area in the first place. A 96-foot (29 m) waterfall in the center of downtown is certainly a unique sight; viewing is best from the Pont de Rennes pedestrian bridge. But also take a walk around the old warehouses on the west bank between the bridge and the falls; this is the area known as "High Falls" and home to a very nice museum/visitor's center and some very old milling equipment.
Neighborhood of the Arts. An eclectic neighborhood along University Avenue, near the Village Gate and the Rochester Museum and Science Center. Lots of public artwork (thanks to ArtWalk), some small shops and eateries, and beautiful Victorian homes. Very walkable.
Park Avenue. There are a lot of great trendy shops in this district, and it's serviced by the RTS service. However, it's definitely not an entire day activity, and things close relatively early.
South Wedge. A triangular neighborhood bordered by the Genesee and Interstate 490. The South Wedge is what some may call an "up and coming" neighborhood. Many nightlife options and a growing number of shops and businesses. Close to Alexander Street, the University of Rochester and Mt. Hope Cemetery.
You might sometimes catch residents complaining that there's not much to do around Rochester, but a little research reveals a wealth of opportunities, even during the long winters. Nearly everything is family-friendly, too; Rochester is consistently ranked one of the best cities in the world for visiting with kids. In addition to the many parks and museums, kids will have a great time at Seabreeze Amusement Park in Irondequoit, near the mouth of the bay (see listing, below).
Once May rolls around, snow becomes less likely, and Rochester's renowned festival season begins. Pretty much every weekend from May through October, there's at least one festival of some sort going on in Rochester or its suburbs. Rochester's festivals run the gamut, focusing on such diverse subjects as horticulture, music, crafts, and food—and admission is free for almost all of them!
The flagship festival is, of course, the Lilac Festival, which has been drawing visitors from out of town to Highland Park for over a century. Newer, but no less popular, is the Rochester International Jazz Festival, which has quickly grown into one of the country's top jazz festivals. Less well-known outside of Rochester is the Corn Hill Arts Festival, but it epitomizes the local festival scene and shouldn't be missed if you're in town in mid-July. Rochester's diversity is on display in the many cultural festivals around the city and the local areas, including Greek, Puerto Rican, and Ukrainian festivals. (The local Oktoberfest, which was a huge event held in Irondequoit for decades, is now a bit smaller and held in Webster.)
Among the suburban festivals, be sure to check out Fairport Canal Days in early June. Of the many festivals centered on the Erie Canal, this may be the best, and it's held in the quintessential canal town.
The closest Renaissance Festival is in Sterling, Cayuga County. It's about 45 minutes away, but it's worth the trip. It's open weekends from July through mid-August every year.
The listings below are only a sampling of the top festivals.
Imagine RIT, Lomb Memorial Dr, Henrietta (Jefferson Rd (Rt 252) to RIT campus, or shuttle from MCC). Last Sa in April 10AM-5PM. Rochester Institute of Technology's innovation and creativity festival showcases what happens "when the left brain and right brain collide," featuring hundreds of student projects from every corner of the university. Robotics, music, sign language, virtual reality, ecology, and weird science are just a few of the many subject areas covered; in fact, most of the projects take elements from multiple disciplines and combine them in innovative ways. Plenty of food, hands-on exhibits, and kids' activities make for an unbeatable value for a day out. Free. (updated May 2024)
Rochester Lilac Festival, Highland Park (Highland Ave betw South Ave & Goodman St) (Sa Su: Park at MCC, 1000 E Henrietta Rd, Brighton). Mid-May. For ten days every May, Rochester's flagship festival celebrates the community—and its flowers—in beautiful Highland Park, designed by renowned landscaper Frederick Law Olmsted. The park's world-famous lilac collection was started by horticulturist John Dunbar in 1892 with 20 varieties. Today, over 500 varieties of lilacs cover 22 acres ( hectares) of Highland Park's 155 acres (63 hectares). The usual summer festival staples are all here, such as kiddie rides and food vendors, but also tons of activities, a parade, a craft show, a festival-sponsored 5K race, and a packed schedule of music and entertainment. You can even buy Highland Lilac perfume! Free. (updated Apr 2016)
Rochester Cocktail Revival. early Jun. Modern and classic cocktails are making a comeback, even in often-staid Rochester. Rochester's bars and bartenders get together to share cocktail culture, ideas, and recipes with each other and with the general public. Six days of events at venues throughout the city, and (of course) drink specials at more than 30 cocktail and spirits bars around town. Prices vary. (updated May 2024)
Rochester International Film Festival (Movies on a Shoestring) (Dryden Theater at George Eastman Museum), info@rochesterfilmfest.org. One of the only film festivals devoted to short films, this annual event has been a fixture in Rochester for almost 70 years. It's only three days long, but you can see dozens of films in that time if you attend all four sessions. Many of the filmmakers attend to talk about their films. Free. (updated May 2024)
Harborfest (Ontario Beach Park). late Jun (F-Su). Ontario Beach Park likes to kick off the summer beach season with Harborfest weekend, a great excuse to visit the park and enjoy the amenities. In addition to the usual carousel rides and beach activities, you'll find a sand sculpture contest, a beach volleyball tournament, a classic car show, live music and food trucks. Saturday night sees a boat parade of lights. Charlotte businesses offer specials all weekend. Free. (updated May 2024)
Rochester International Jazz Festival (East End and beyond), ☏ +1 585 454-2060. late Jun. Founded in 2002, the RIJF quickly became the centerpiece of Rochester's festival schedule. Held in almost two dozen venues, all within walking distance of each other, the nine-day festival offers a mix of free and ticketed events for people of all ages. It attracts fans from the U.S. and around the world who come to hear one of the most multidimensional, international, and diverse artist lineups presented at a major music festival. Outdoor shows free; club passes $210-360; club shows $30-35; headliner concerts vary. (updated May 2024)
Corn Hill Arts Festival, ☏ +1 585 262-3142. Mid-Jul. The Corn Hill neighborhood, with some of the city's oldest and prettiest homes, is just south of downtown along the river. This festival celebrates the neighborhood's long history with over 400 arts and crafts exhibitors, plus the standard live musicians and food vendors. Free. (updated May 2024)
Rochester Pride. July 20, 2024. Rochester's been celebrating the LGBTQ+ community for decades, and the local parade was traditionally held in July, so in July it remains. Alongside the main festival and paradea there are a variety of other community events that join the celebration each year. Due to construction, the 2024 event will be held at Highland Park instead of the usual Park Avenue. (updated May 2024)
Park Ave Summer Stroll. Early Aug (Aug 3, 2024): 10AM-6PM. Park Avenue is one of the most eclectic neighborhoods of the city, and this festival showcases its artisans, merchants, and artists. It's a scaled-back version of the Park Ave Festival that ran for decades but got a bit too big—and a bit too far from its founding principles of neighborliness and fun. The Summer Stroll has been instituted in its place to restore the original community feel. Free. (updated May 2024)
Clarissa Street Reunion, Clarissa St (bet. Dr Samuel McCree Way & Troup St), ☏ +1 585 234-4177. 3rd Sa in Aug, 10AM-9:30PM. Many years ago, Clarissa Street was known as "Rochester's Broadway", home to the best jazz clubs in the city. Urban renewal in the 1960s and 70s left its unfortunate mark on this neighborhood, but every August people come back for one day to celebrate the place it used to be. Live music is the main draw, but you'll also find a parade and other typical festival fare. Free. (updated May 2024)
Clothesline Art Festival, Memorial Art Gallery, 500 University Ave, ☏ +1 585 276-8900. early Sep: Sa 10AM-6PM, Su 10AM-5PM. This is the most "artsy" of the summer festivals, focused on paintings and other artwork more so than the crafts of other festivals. You can also take this opportunity to browse the gallery itself. $5; under 11 free; includes gallery admission. (updated May 2024)
KeyBank Rochester Fringe Festival (East End). Mid-to-late Sep. Organizers of this festival hoped to attract 15,000 attendees when it started in 2012; they got 33,000, and 50,000 the next year. The festival features a wide-ranging slate of artistic performances, from theater to dance and music, at venues throughout the East End, including a magnificent and rare Spiegeltent from Belgium. This was the first Fringe Festival in Upstate New York, and now it's one of the biggest in the country. Its free outdoor spectacle performances are a unique feature that you won't find at most other festivals. $3-25 per individual event. (updated May 2024)
ROC the Riverway Weekend (formerly Rochester River Romance). Early Oct. Rochester celebrates the Genesee River with this full weekend of events taking place all along the river. Most events free. (updated May 2024)
ImageOut (The Rochester Lesbian & Gay Film and Video Festival), ☏ +1 585 271-2640, office@imageout.org. 11 days, mid-Oct. Films and videos of all types, but all having something to do with gender and sexuality, are on tap for these ten days in October at multiple venues around the city. Festival pass $220; individual films vary.
Fashion Week of Rochester. mid-Oct. Rochester is not known for its role in the world of fashion, but one group has dedicated themselves to showing that fashion touches everyone's lives. With affordable ticket prices, accessible events, and a sense of fun and charity, Fashion Week goes all over the city to bring fashion to the masses. It's becoming a big event around town, with boutique crawls, fun parties, and of course runway shows.
ROC Holiday Village, 353 Court St (Martin Luther King Jr. Park at Manhattan Sq). Dec until Christmas; W-F 4PM-10PM, Sa 11AM-10PM, Su 11AM-6PM. Rochester has tried several times over the years to host winter festivals, to varying degrees of success. The current version focuses on the holiday season, with all activities concentrated within Martin Luther King Jr. Park near the Strong. There's free ice skating (and free skate rentals) at the pond, a shopping village, a large lodge with drinks and entertainment, private igloos available for rent, and of course visits with Santa. Locals might get more out of it than visitors, but it's still a great way to have some fun in the cold. Free. (updated May 2024)
The Red Wings used to be owned by the St. Louis Cardinals—that's how they got their name, in fact. But in 1956, the Cards decided not to continue that relationship. Rochester businessman Morrie Silver organized a drive in which 8,222 shareholders each purchased a share of the team, saving it from relocation or folding. Rochester Community Baseball owns the team to this day.
Rochester's sports scene is in flux. The city was once the best in the country for minor-league sports. The first decade of the 21st Century saw the city with as many as seven professional sports teams, including high-level lacrosse and women's soccer teams. There was even talk of Rochester getting a team into Major League Soccer, thanks to the runaway popularity of the Rochester Rhinos.
But today, as in many cities, the situation is quite different. No MLS team ever materialized. The Red Wings and Amerks remain beloved, but all the other teams have folded or relocated. Even the lacrosse Knighthawks are a replacement for the original, now-departed team.
But that's just context for talking sports with locals. Don't let it keep you from checking out the excellent competition, especially since tickets won't break the bank, unlike major-league sports.
Rochester Red Wings (baseball), 1 Morrie Silver Way (Plymouth Ave just north of the Inner Loop), ☏ +1 585 454-1001, Info@RedWingsBaseball.com. Apr-Sep. A Rochester tradition since 1899, the Red Wings are the AAA affiliate of the Washington Nationals. Innovative Field is a beautiful 90s ballpark situated downtown with convenient $6 parking. The general manager and his team can't control the product on the field, but they hit it out of the park when it comes to promotions and the gameday environment. Free fireworks shows set to music are just one of the possibilities to accompany a game. Food options at the park are a bit better than the average, too—there's the usual hot dogs and beer (white hots and Genny, since this is Rochester, after all), but maybe you'd like to try the beef on weck, rice bowls, mac and cheese, or the "Home Plate" (the stadium's take on the Garbage Plate). $15–28. (updated Jun 2024)
Rochester Americans (hockey), 1 War Memorial Sq (W Broad at Exchange Blvd), ☏ +1 585 454-5335. Oct-Apr. Known fondly as the "Amerks", Rochester's storied hockey team is the AHL affiliate of the Buffalo Sabres. The Blue Cross Arena at the Rochester War Memorial is an old building, but it was renovated in the 1990s and is now a fine downtown hockey arena. One of the oldest and most successful teams in the league: hockey night in Rochester is still a fun time, especially in the playoffs. $10-42. (updated Jun 2024)
Rochester Knighthawks (lacrosse), 1 War Memorial Sq (W Broad at Exchange Blvd), ☏ +1 585 454-4335, fax: +1 585 454-3954. Dec-Apr. The K-Hawks are a top-tier indoor lacrosse team, featuring some of the best talent in the world. If you've never seen an indoor lacrosse match, a National Lacrosse League game is a great introduction. The original Knighthawks won back-to-back-to-back NLL championships (2012–14) and had several future Hall-of-Famers on the roster, but all that left town for Halifax in 2019. The new team is owned by the Pegula family (who also own the Amerks, Buffalo Bills, Buffalo Sabres... and the rival Buffalo Bandits). It's struggled to reach the same heights as the old team, but the fan base is slowly coming back after the pandemic. $17-30. (updated Jun 2024)
Rochester Lancers (soccer), 1127 Dewey Ave (Wegmans Stadium, Aquinas Institute). The state of American professional soccer below MLS is constantly in flux, and so it goes in Rochester as various teams try to recapture the magic of the Rhinos. The Lancers, named after the city's very successful 1970s team, play in the UPSL, a massive multi-level semi-pro league with hundreds of teams throughout the country. (updated Jun 2024)
Flower City Union (soccer), 460 Oak St (Rochester Community Sports Complex). Also in the local semi-pro soccer scene Flower City Union won the 2023 NISL championship before deciding to move to the NPSL, which plays a more regionalized schedule with less travel. They play at the Rhinos' old digs, the massive soccer-specific stadium on Broad Street northwest of Innovative Field. (updated Jun 2024)
RIT Tigers (hockey), Lomb Memorial Dr, Henrietta (RIT campus on Rt 252), ☏ +1 585 475-4121. Oct-Mar. Who needs football? Rochester Institute of Technology has hockey! Rochester's only Division I college teams play a hard-hitting and very successful brand of hockey, and they've already made waves in just a short time at the top level, including a Frozen Four appearance for the men in 2010. The Gene Polisseni Center on campus combines the old-school atmosphere of the Tigers' previous barn with plenty of modern amenities. The legendary Corner Crew cheering section harasses opposing goalies all night, every night. This classic college hockey atmosphere is worth experiencing. Women: Adults $5, under 13 $3; Men: Adults $12-15, under 13 $6-8.
Buffalo Bills Training Camp (football), 3690 East Ave, Pittsford (St. John Fisher College: Rt. 96 or I-490 to Rt. 31F), toll-free: +1-877-BB-TICKS (22-84257). Late Jul - late Aug. The closest the Rochester area gets to major-league team sports is the Bills' annual summer training camp, held since 2000 in northern Pittsford. There's lots to do besides just watch practices, too; you can participate in interactive games, peruse the merchandise, or try to get some autographs. You can get a lot closer to the players here than at the stadium in Buffalo! Free (parking shuttle $1).
As befits the home of Eastman Kodak, Rochester is a destination for film buffs. The flagship film festival, the High Falls Film Festival, is no more, though The Little Theatre continues its legacy with its Women In Film series. The local LGBTQ+ film festival, ImageOut, continues, along with the venerable Rochester International Film Festival for short films. (See the Festivals section above for details on those.) Polish and Jewish films are also highlighted in local series.
Rochester has a few multiplexes remaining, but it's also home to some charming small cinemas, where the atmosphere is almost as important as the films.
ROC Cinema, 957 S Clinton Ave (Park at Dollar Tree or on street), ☏ +1 585 271-1786, contact_us@roccinema.com. Rochester's oldest neighborhood movie theater. It's just a single screen, but you can order food and drink to be delivered to your seat. Shows a select first-run film each week; free showings of older favorites on Mondays. $10-12.
Rochester Movies 10, 2609 W Henrietta Rd, Brighton, ☏ +1 785-3335. Formerly a second-run discount theater, Movies 10 now shows first-run films. Still cheaper than a multiplex, though! $5-10.
Dryden Theatre, 900 East Ave (at the George Eastman Museum), ☏ +1 585 271-3361. The George Eastman Museum knows that part of preserving the history of film is showing films to audiences. That's the role of the Museum's Dryden Theatre. The Dryden shows a wide variety of Hollywood classics, international and independent films—literally something different every night of the week. The programming is thoughtful and cutting-edge, with frequent visits by directors and actors. Nearly all films begin at 7:30PM and are preceded by a brief film talk. Tickets $5-12, except during special events such as visiting filmmakers.
The Little Theatre, 240 East Ave, ☏ +1 585 258-0400. Run by local public broadcaster WXXI, the historic Little shows a wide variety of foreign, independent and classic films in five theatres. There is also a cafe bakery (serves a full dinner menu along with wine and beer), sometimes with live music. Evenings $11, matinees $9, seniors/students/military $7, Monday screenings $8.
UR Cinema Group (University of Rochester, Hoyt Hall), ☏ +1 585 275-5911. The University of Rochester's own student-run movie group. Movies are shown on Fridays and Saturdays, as well as most Thursdays while Fall and Spring semesters are in session. Movies of every conceivable genre are shown throughout the year, including pornography. Th Free; F-Sa $3.
Local multiplexes are Cinemark Tinseltown in Gates, Regal Eastview in Victor, AMC Webster, and Apple Cinemas in Greece and Pittsford.
The prominence of the Eastman School of Music means that some of the world's best musicians have passed through Rochester during their school years, and many have stuck around to enrich the city's cultural life. If big arena concerts make it to Rochester, they usually go to the Blue Cross Arena. But there are many smaller venues in the city as well.
Auditorium Theatre (Rochester Broadway Theatre League), 885 E Main St, ☏ +1 585 222-5000, Info@rbtl.org. Housed in an historic Masonic temple building, the Auditorium Theatre is Rochester's Broadway roadhouse; the Rochester Broadway Theatre League brings to town several touring productions each year. The theater is aging and acoustically imperfect, but it's due for extensive renovations soon (now that RBTL owns the whole building), and it's the only area theater with the space to put on the big shows. Other concerts and performances dot the schedule throughout the year; see the web site for upcoming events. (updated Jun 2024)
Blackfriars Theatre, 795 E Main St, ☏ +1 585 454-1260. Blackfriars Theatre is a mid-sized professional theatre that has entertained audiences for almost 60 years, providing a local showcase for actors and actresses, theater artists and technicians who have chosen to make Rochester their home. They've just moved to a new space on East Main near the Auditorium Center and the Main Street Armory.
Eastman Theatre (Gibbs St at E Main St), ☏ +1 585 274-1100, concerts@esm.rochester.edu. The Eastman Theatre dates back to George Eastman's time and contains three halls within its space.
Kodak Hall, 60 Gibbs St. The main hall is what most people think of when they think of the Eastman Theatre, and it's the best place to catch the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra (see below), one of the top mid-sized city orchestras in the country. Opened in 1922, it was designed by George Eastman as a concert hall and movie house. Today, after renovations to improve sightlines and comfort, it seats 2,400. It's by far the best large performance space in Rochester, with the expected variety of events going on all year. (updated Sep 2017)
Kilbourn Hall, 26 Gibbs St. Kilbourn, which also opened in 1922, is one of the finest small concert halls in the world, and it serves as the primary performance space for Eastman School of Music students. As such, audiences are in for a treat, in the form of free recitals and concerts throughout the year, as elite music students exhibit their talents on stage.
Hatch Recital Hall, 433 E Main St. Hatch opened in a new wing of the Theatre in 2010, providing an even more intimate space for recitals than Kilbourn. It incorporates the latest acoustical designs and technology to provide the most precise listening and performing experience possible. (updated Sep 2017)
Water Street Music Hall, 204 N Water St. Long the most popular music club in the area, the venerable Water Street is back after several years in somewhat different forms. The main hall has room for 1,000 revelers, and the venue is careful with its booking to avoid some of the capacity and rowdiness problems of the past. There are not many places like it in Rochester. Jack's on Water Street is an attached restaurant and occasional (smaller) performance venue. (updated Jun 2024)
Garth Fagan Dance, office/studio: 50 Chestnut St, ☏ +1 585 454-3260, fax: +1 585 454-6191. The Tony-award winning choreographer Garth Fagan has his own dance troupe in Rochester, his adopted hometown. When they're not touring the country, they put on a variety of performances both around the city and at their studio space. Truly world-class dancers provide a show you can't match in any other city this size. (updated Jun 2024)
Geva Theatre Center, 75 Woodbury Blvd, ☏ +1 585 232-1366. Geva, the city's premiere professional theater company, hosts a variety of productions on its two stages, housed in a converted armory! The yearly production of A Christmas Carol is a popular family tradition. Cafe on site. Discounts are available for students and seniors. (updated Jun 2024)
Hochstein Performance Hall, 50 N. Plymouth Ave, ☏ +1 585 454-4596, music@hochstein.org. Hochstein Performance Hall is part of Hochstein School of Music & Dance, which has served as a community center for Greater Rochester since 1920. Located in the heart of the city, the elegant 857-seat Performance Hall offers free recitals and performances regularly, including the long-running "Live from Hochstein" Broadcast and Concert Series.
Kodak Center (Theatre on the Ridge), 200 W Ridge Rd, ☏ +1 585 254 0181, info@asm.kodakcenter.com. Part of the sprawling industrial complex once known as Kodak Park, Kodak Center is a live performing arts, event, and conference center featuring a 1,978-seat main theater with the biggest stage in Rochester, 180-seat Studio Theater, 48-seat Club Theater, conference rooms, a gymnasium, and many other spaces. Numerous musical, stand-up comedy, and dramatic acts are featured throughout the year. The center also hosts the Kodak Visitor Center where visitors can learn about the history of Kodak. There is a 1,000+ spot parking lot located across the street for patrons and a 30 minute visitor lot directly next to the theater. (updated Jul 2023)
Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra, Box office: 108 East Ave, ☏ +1 585 454-2100. Box office: M-F 10AM-5PM. One of George Eastman's greatest legacies, the Rochester Philharmonic is an outstanding orchestra, especially for a city the size of Rochester. The RPO's main performance space is the Eastman Theatre (see above), but they get around town to other venues, especially in the summer. Pops conductor Jeff Tyzik, once Doc Severinsen's arranger for the Tonight Show Band, has taught the RPO to swing like few other professional orchestras can, but their classical chops are equally noteworthy. $20-75 for most formal concerts, less (or even free) for casual concerts. (updated Jun 2016)
Several of the city's bars and clubs also present live music frequently. Of particular note in this respect are The Bug Jar and the Montage Grill. See Drink, below.
Golf experienced immense popularity in Rochester starting in the mid-20th Century, culminating in the Ryder Cup coming to town in 1995, not to mention hosting the LPGA Championship from 2010 to 2013. Interest has waned a bit since then, but major men's tournaments continue to show up periodically to play at storied Oak Hill Country Club in Pittsford, home to one of the best golf courses in the world. (The next major tournament scheduled for Oak Hill is the 2027 U.S. Amateur, and it also wouldn't be a surprise to see the 2033 PGA Championship come to town, as it's been visiting every 10 years since 2003.)
Golf's historic popularity locally isn't just about the pros, though; it's also reflected in the number of high-quality public and semi-public golf courses to be found in the area. Most of them are in the rural suburbs, of course, but there are a few close in to the city:
Durand-Eastman Golf Club, 1200 N Kings Hwy, Irondequoit (in Durand-Eastman Park), ☏ +1 585 266-0110.
Genesee Valley Golf Club, 1000 East River Rd (in Genesee Valley Park), ☏ +1 585 424-2920.
Lake Shore Country Club, 1165 Greenleaf Rd, Greece, ☏ +1 585 663-9100.
If your tastes run a bit smaller, maybe try miniature golf.
Parkside Whispering Pines, 4383 Culver Rd, Irondequoit, ☏ +1 585 323-2710. Hours vary; closed in winter. This historic course (listed on the National Register of Historic Places) dates all the way back to 1930, making it one of the oldest (if not the oldest) surviving miniature golf courses in the United States. 18 old-style holes, including a windmill (of course) and one hole where you have to pitch the ball instead of putting it. Adjacent to the Parkside Diner if you want to grab a bite to eat before or after putting. $9. (updated Jun 2024)
Clubhouse Fun Centers. Hours vary. Back in the 1980s, these two miniature golf establishments were Putt-Putt Golf and Games locations. Today they're locally owned. Putt-Putt's trademark orange metal rails are gone, and the courses now incorporate water and sand hazards for a more natural feel. The courses are fairly well maintained with smooth greens and no moving obstacles. Both locations have arcades inside. $15 ($12 child/senior, under 4 free) or $20 for two rounds. (updated Jun 2024)
(Greece) 3340 West Ridge Rd, Greece (entrance off North Ave), ☏ +1 585 225-5093. The Greece location has three scenic courses. There's also a batting cage outside. (updated Jun 2024)
(Henrietta) 70 Jay Scutti Blvd, Henrietta (off Jefferson Rd), ☏ +1 585 272-7888. Henrietta's location has two courses and a go-kart track outside. (updated Jun 2024)
For a city with so many waterways, it's surprising that waterfront activities are so far down the list for most visitors. True, neither the river nor the canal is suitable for swimming (and the lake only barely so), but boating can be a great way to spend an afternoon.
There are two beaches in the city proper:
Durand-Eastman Park. Apr-Oct: 7AM-11PM; Nov-Mar: M-Th 7AM-4PM, F-Su 7AM-11PM. George Eastman and Dr. Henry Durand donated their summer-cottage lakefront properties to the city in 1909, and the park is now a popular summer getaway for everyone. Its beach is open for swimming during the summer, and it's less often closed due to water conditions than Ontario Beach. Also has a golf course and other standard park amenities.
Ontario Beach Park, 4650 Lake Ave (Lake Ontario State Parkway or Route 104 to Lake Ave, north to the lake). Located at the northernmost reaches of the city, Ontario Beach is the most popular beach area in Rochester. Algae problems of prior years have largely been alleviated, but occasionally the beach may still need to be closed. When conditions allow, swimming is open 11AM-7PM daily during the summer. If you can't go in the water, though, there are other things to do; in particular, the 1905 Dentzel carousel should not be missed.
Boats can be launched at the Port of Rochester where the river empties into the lake; on Irondequoit Bay; or along the canal in many surrounding suburbs like Pittsford and Fairport.
If you don't have your own boat, try booking a river cruise:
Riverie, 280 Exchange Blvd (Corn Hill Landing), ☏ +1 585 662-5748, info@cornhillnav.org. Riverie is a 35-passenger cruise boat that offers river cruises throughout the summer (and sometimes late spring and early fall). Cruises include guide narration focusing on the history and importance of the river and the Erie Canal. Some cruises include music and/or a boxed lunch; alcohol, soft drinks, and snacks can be purchased on board. Also check out Corn Hill Navigation's other vessel: the Sam Patch packet boat, which offers canal cruises out of Pittsford. $25-50. (updated Jun 2024)
Three major (albeit under-improvement) multi-use trails pass through the Rochester area, and they all meet up inside Genesee Valley Park.
Genesee Riverway Trail. This not-quite-completed trail runs along the river, north from the canal, through downtown, and all the way to the lake. You'll get a good look at the gorge along the northern section, and it can be a nice way to get downtown if your legs (and shoes) are up to the task. One highlight is the wide boardwalk over the Turning Point basin 2 mi ( km) south of the lake.
Erie Canalway Trail. 6AM-9PM daily. This trail, which will eventually stretch across the state, is being created from the former Erie Canal towpath, where the mules would walk to tow the barges along. Though the walking paths are open year-round, the canal is drained, kept empty, and less scenic between November and May. During the winter time, however, the canal trail is virtually deserted, and provides an excellent place to snowshoe and cross-country ski. Free.
Genesee Valley Greenway. Formerly a railroad bed, this mostly gravel trail is perfect for off-road cycling/walking/running. It follows along the Genesee River, cutting through the rolling farmland south of Rochester. 50 mi (80 km)+ depending upon how far south they've developed the path.
Aside from the trails, there's not much hiking to do without heading for the suburban parks, though the various city parks might tide you over.
Winter sports are not as popular in Rochester as one might think given the climate, but there are plenty of opportunities. The nearest downhill ski resort is  Bristol Mountain, north of Naples in Ontario County; it's a popular day trip for Rochesterians.
Several ice rinks around Rochester offer public skating sessions, in particular Ritter Arena on the RIT campus and the Webster Ice Arena in Webster. In good (meaning cold) weather, the city maintains an outdoor rink at Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Square Park, near the Strong Museum.
Genesee Brew House, 25 Cataract St (off St Paul St), ☏ +1 585 263-9200. Su-Th 11AM-10PM, F Sa 11AM-11PM,. While one of the largest breweries in the country, Genesee had no visitor's facility until September 2012. Now it's up and running and a major landmark on the east side of the river. The Genesee Brew House is a visitor's center, brew pub, and gift shop rolled into one. Genesee beers are on tap, of course, but there's also a pilot brewery for small batches of experimental brews; you can try a flight of four beers for $10, a portion of which goes to charity. Schedule a tour of the pilot brewery, or check out the visitor's center to explore the long history of beer in Rochester. (updated Jun 2024)
ROC City Skatepark, South Ave at I-490 (Access via the Genesee Riverway Trail). Daily 8AM-9PM. Nestled inside a cloverleaf onramp, in the shadow of the Frederick Douglass – Susan B. Anthony Bridge, the ROC City Skatepark finally opened in 2020 after more than 20 years of dreaming and over 12 years of actual planning and construction. The half-acre (2,000 sq m) park is designed for all types of wheeled sports from BMX to skateboarding to scooters, and the city hopes it serves as a big tourism draw for enthusiasts. Free. (updated Jun 2024)
RocVentures Climbing Gym, 1044 University Ave, ☏ +1 585 442-5462. M-F Noon-10PM, Sa-Su 10AM-7PM. One of the first and largest indoor rock-climbing gyms in the country, RocVentures remains a local institution. Some apparatus only requires brief training, so even beginners can give it a try, but there are also courses and training equipment for experts to improve their skills. Great exercise and fun, too. Day passes $18 (discounts available) plus $8 for shoe and harness rental. (updated Jun 2024)
Seabreeze Amusement Park, 4600 Culver Road, Irondequoit, ☏ +1 585 323-1900. Late May - mid-Sep; hours vary. At the junction of Irondequoit Bay and Lake Ontario, Seabreeze combines the features of an old-fashioned amusement park with the technology and thrills of a modern water park. The fourth-oldest amusement park in America. Has an original 1920s carousel with hand-carved horses. Don't miss the historic Jack Rabbit roller coaster, the fourth-oldest operating coaster in the world. $43 (under 48" or age 60+ $29, under age 2 free); free parking. (updated Jun 2024)
The Warrior Factory, 3150 W Henrietta Rd (at Jefferson Rd), ☏ +1 585 427-9289, info@thewarriorfactory.com. M-F 8AM-10PM, Sa 9AM-10PM, Su 10AM-10PM. If you've ever seen any of the Ninja Warrior competition programs on TV, you've seen the sorts of activities that go on at The Warrior Factory. The owners have set up a gym that can be used both by serious "ninja" competitors and by casual weekend warriors. They even have kid-sized obstacles for youngsters just starting out. The obstacles, many of which replicate ones you've seen on TV, are a fun way to test your strength and improve your athleticism. This is the original location; the company has expanded to Syracuse, Buffalo, and Hamilton. 1 hr open gym time $20; birthday packages and classes available. (updated Jun 2024)
Flower City Arts Center, 713 Monroe Ave, ☏ +1 585 244-1730. Office: M & W 8AM-6PM, Tu & Th-F 9AM-5PM. Three institutions housed in a single non-profit entity, the Flower City Arts Center is focused on providing studio space and training for artists. The main attraction for visitors are the classes, which are held year-round and teach budding artists the finer points of photography, pottery, printing, and more. Classes tend to extend over several weeks, though, so they're most useful for long-term travellers. If you happen to already be an experienced artist and need studio space, you might consider buying a membership, starting as low as $25. Members can rent studio space on an hourly basis. (updated Jun 2015)
Printing & Book Arts, ☏ +1 585 244-1730. M-F 9:30AM-5PM. (updated Jun 2015)
Ceramics, ☏ +1 585 271-5183. M-W & F 9AM-5PM, Th 9AM-9:30PM, Sa Noon-5PM. (updated Jan 2023)
Photography & Digital Arts, ☏ +1 585 271-5920. M-Th 10AM-5PM, F-Sa Noon-5PM. (updated Jan 2023)
Rochester Arc & Flame Center, 125 Fedex Way, Gates, ☏ +1 585 349-7110. M-F 9AM-5PM. If it's glass or metal, the AFC can teach you how to make it with fire. Welding, smithing, glass-shaping — it's all here. Though they also offer classes for pros, amateurs can have fun with the flames too. They even cater to couples, with frequent date-night specials.
Rochester Brainery, contactus@rochesterbrainery.com. Dates and times variable per class. Looking for a quick infusion of knowledge? Or maybe you have something to teach the fine residents of Rochester? Either way, the Brainery serves to connect teachers and learners at venues throughout the area. From food and drink, to arts and crafts, to science and history, most classes take up just a single evening session. Their offerings change continually, so check back often. Price varies widely per class, usually in the $40-60 range (or more if expensive materials are provided). (updated Jun 2024)
The great, great House of Guitars (the basement, at least)
Shopping around Rochester is dominated by the major suburban commercial strips: Route 104 (Ridge Road) in Greece, and Route 252 (Jefferson Road) in Henrietta. You'll also find major big-box retailers along Route 104 in Irondequoit and Webster, Route 31 (Monroe Ave) in Brighton and Pittsford, and Route 96 in Victor. The three area indoor shopping malls are  The Mall at Greece Ridge in Greece,  The Marketplace in Henrietta, and Eastview Mall in Victor. Pittsford Plaza is an upscale and very large strip mall on Monroe Avenue in Pittsford.
Within the city proper, you won't find many large chains, but rather a wide array of independent shops and boutiques. Park Avenue is a particularly rich location for such shops, as well as great dining options. Along with University and Monroe, the three Avenues make for lovely local shopping, with gift shops, bookstores, and other surprises. You'll also find quaint shopping districts in Charlotte near the harbor and along Exchange Boulevard on the east side of Corn Hill.
Also in the city is one of the nation's best public markets:
Rochester Public Market, 280 N Union St, ☏ +1 585 428-6907, pmarket@cityofrochester.gov. Tu Th 6AM-1PM, Sa 6AM-3PM. Established in 1905, the public market features over 300 stalls where independent sellers ply their wares, from cheap locally grown produce to handmade crafts and other curiosities. Many vendors even sell prepared foods, with regulars lining up early to place their orders. Great fun to just walk around, but good luck getting out without buying anything. Often overlooked by locals, yet always super-crowded; get there early for the best selection, or late for the best prices. Outside of normal market hours, the Market regularly hosts community garage sales, food truck rodeos, and free concerts. (updated Jun 2024)
One unique space you won't want to miss is  Village Gate Square on North Goodman Street between University Avenue and East Main Street, part of the "Neighborhood of the Arts". It doesn't look like much from the outside, but on the inside it's an old industrial space filled with small independent retail shops and eclectic restaurants. The upper floor also houses space for artists' workshops, so it's almost like a free art gallery up there.
Some other places of note for shoppers:
Abundance Cooperative Market, 571 South Ave, ☏ +1 585 454-2667. Daily 8AM-8PM. Owned by two thousand locals who've invested in this cooperative, the market is open to anyone who wants to buy their groceries from a community oriented and democratically controlled business. They moved to the new location on South Ave in 2017. (updated Jun 2024)
Andy's Candies, 1546 W Ridge Rd, Greece (Stone Ridge Plaza), ☏ +1 585 663-9190. M-Sa 11AM-5PM. One of three very good local chocolatiers, Andy's Candies has been distributing sweets since 1917. The original Hudson Avenue location is only a factory now; to buy chocolates, head to this retail location in Greece (or the second location at Eastview Mall in Victor). (updated Jun 2024)
Archimage, 668 Monroe Ave, ☏ +1 585 271-2789. M-F 11AM-7PM, Sa 10AM-6PM, Su noon-5PM; closed holidays. Great gift shop with an eclectic selection. They sell children's toys, cards, jewelry, incense, stones, musical instruments, chimes, housewares, unconventional clothing items, and more. All at a variety of price points; it's not all cheap kitsch and it's not all pricey luxury. Well worth a stop in to browse, if nothing else. (updated Jun 2024)
The Bop Shop, 1460 Monroe Ave, Brighton, ☏ +1 585 271-3354, bopmail@rochester.rr.com. W Su noon-5PM, Th-Sa 11AM-6PM, M Tu closed. The legendary Bop Shop made its name at the Village Gate but has been at this larger location on Monroe Avenue since 2012. The shop is still crammed to overflowing with vinyl records, cassette tapes, and compact discs covering every era and every style. True music-lovers can spend hours pawing through the racks and uncovering treasure after treasure—albums they either never knew existed, or haven't seen in decades. The staff are all highly knowledgeable collectors and they love to talk music with customers. Often hosts jazz concerts; see web site for schedule. $-20 and up. (updated Jun 2024)
Comics Etc., 1115 E Main St. Door 8 (Hungerford Bldg), ☏ +1 585 473-7150, comicsetc1@gmail.com. M noon-3PM, Tu F noon-6PM, W 11AM-6:30PM, Th 11AM-7PM, Sa 11AM-5PM, Su noon-5PM. There are a few good comic shops in Rochester, but Comics Etc. has long been one of the best. Booted from the Village Gate, the shop still has legions of loyal customers who tout the extensive back-issue selection and dedicated service. (updated Jun 2024)
Craft Company No. 6, 785 University Ave, ☏ +1 585 473-3413. M-Th 11AM-6PM, F Sa 11AM-7PM, Su noon-5PM. Housed in a converted firehouse, this store is unique and probably one of the most unusual stores you will ever go to. Everything is handmade and for sale. Very artsy and not mass marketed. (updated Jun 2024)
Fleet Feet Sports, 155 Culver Rd, Ste 110 (Culver Road Armory), ☏ +1 585 697-3338. M-F 10AM-7PM, Sa 9AM-5PM, Su 11AM-4PM. In 2014, Fleet Feet Rochester was named one of the top 50 running stores in the country. Probably the best place in the region to get running shoes, precisely fitted to your feet and gait. The owners also run YellowJacket Racing, so they really know their stuff, and they tirelessly promote running (and walking) for fun and fitness. There's another store in Victor and one in Buffalo (Fleet Feet Syracuse has different owners). (updated Jun 2024)
Greenwood Books, 123 East Ave (near the Little Theatre). Tu-Sa 11AM-6PM. A nice selection of new and used books, with some older items that one simply can't find in large chain bookstores. Of particular interest is the selection of books covering both historical and modern Rochester. (updated Jun 2024)
Hedonist Artisan Chocolates, 674 South Ave, ☏ +1 585 461-2815. Daily 10AM-9PM. Right next door to their sister ice cream shop, Hedonist has a variety of creative chocolate confections, changing seasonally. The raved-about specialty is their salted caramels.
House of Guitars, 645 Titus Ave, Irondequoit, ☏ +1 585 544-3500. M-Sa 10AM-9PM, Su 1-5PM. The "Great, Great House of Guitars" has a huge selection of new and used records, CD's, and cassettes, most of which you won't be able to find anywhere else. The store is also a shrine to music and musicians, with an extensive collection of instruments for sale. Some of the biggest rock and pop musicians in the world go out of their way to come to this store, because of the selection and the knowledgeable, well-connected staff. The proof is on the walls, which are *covered* with photos and memorabilia from those visits. (updated Jun 2024)
Krudco, 60 Mt Hope Ave, ☏ +1 585 325-4790. M Th F 1PM-6PM, Tu W 3PM-6PM, Sa 11AM-5PM, Su 11AM-3PM. Open since 1994, Krudco is the oldest skateboarding shop in the state. Aaron Costa's little shop has been the center of the Rochester skateboarding scene from the start, so it's a great place to meet fellow skaters as well as buy equipment and apparel. Conveniently, the store is just steps from the ROC City Skatepark. (updated Jun 2024)
Lori's Natural Foods, 900 Jefferson Rd, Ste 105, Henrietta (in the Genesee Valley Regional Marketplace), ☏ +1 585 424-2323. M-Sa 8AM-9PM, Su 9AM-7PM. An organic and natural-food superstore; incredible selection and very good service.
Parkleigh, 215 Park Ave, toll-free: +1-800-333-0627, customerservice@parkleigh.com. Tu-Sa 10AM-5:30PM, Su 11AM-3PM. Epitomizing the Park Avenue vibe, Parkleigh is a gift shop par excellence and a local institution. One of the oldest retailers of MacKenzie-Childs ceramics, they also specialize in gourmet coffee and tea. You'll also find toys, games, books, jewelry, apparel, stationery, and all kinds of sweets and treats. (Note: the MacKenzie-Childs store is across Goodman Street at 235 Park Ave; its hours are the same except it's closed on Sundays.) (updated Jun 2024)
Record Archive, 33-1/3 Rockwood St, ☏ +1 585 244-1210. M Tu Th-Sa 10AM-7PM, W 10AM-9PM, Su noon-5PM. A Rochester icon with probably the biggest selection of used vinyl records in the city. It doesn't have a great selection of newer records, but it will wow you with its extensive collection of used records. The Record Archive also hosts many concerts on a stage located in the middle of its spacious warehouse. Famous among locals for the dancing-record-guy commercials. (updated Jun 2024)
Stever's Candies, 623 Park Ave, ☏ +1 585 473-2098. M-Sa 10AM-6PM, Su 10AM-5PM; extended hours Dec, Feb, Easter; closed in July. The candy and chocolate at Stever's is made fresh daily, in small batches, so you know you're getting the freshest goodies possible. Their specialty is sponge candy, a Western New York favorite. (updated Jun 2024)
While the usual generic liquor stores abound, there are specialty shops that are worth a second look:
AJ's Beer Warehouse, 175 Clay Rd, ☏ +1 585 424-2266. M-Sa 10AM-8PM, Su 10AM-4PM. Massive selection of domestic and craft beers from all over North America and beyond. Great place for home-brewing supplies. 30 rotating taps to fill growlers! Most beers are in walk-in coolers, cold and ready to go! (updated Jun 2024)
Beers of the World, 2599 E Henrietta Rd, ☏ +1 585 334-0034, fax: +1 585 427-0524, info@mybeersoftheworld.com. M-Sa 10AM-7PM, Su 11AM-4PM. A huge selection of both macro and micro brews from all over the world, plus home-brewing supplies. Also has a large display filled with good cigars. Word to the wise: the owners are quite stand-offish, especially to first time customers and some of the beers are not that fresh. Watch out for dust! Another store is in Batavia. (updated Jun 2024)
Century Liquor and Wines, 3349 Monroe Ave, Pittsford (Pittsford Plaza), ☏ +1 585 248-0931. M-Sa 9AM-9PM, Su 10AM-6PM. In the highly regarded Pittsford Plaza, Century Liquor has a very large selection of wine and liquor, including vintage. Receives tour buses from the nearby vineyard- and winery-laden Finger Lakes, which is the second largest wine producing area in the U.S. (updated Jun 2024)
East Ave Liquor and Wine, 1667 East Ave (Across the street from Wegmans), ☏ +1 585 271-5119. M-Sa 9AM-9PM, Su 10AM-7PM. Wide selection of imported, domestic and New York wines and very helpful staff. Off-street parking. (updated Jun 2024)
A white hot garbage plate—two local specialties in one!
Dining in Rochester is typical of most mid-sized American cities. The immediate suburbs are crawling with large chain restaurants, but you can find more original fare in the city proper, and in outlying areas away from the biggest commercial strips.
There is one mainstay of local cuisine that travelers with a large stomach and no fear of cholesterol should absolutely try: the famous Garbage Plate of Nick Tahou's Hots. For a few dollars, a "Plate" comes with your choice of meat served on top of macaroni salad, home fries, and onions, topped with "hot sauce" and ketchup and/or mustard. Most suburbs of Rochester have a local "Hots" (Penfield Hots, Empire Hots, etc.); each of them, not to mention nearly every other burger joint and diner around town, has its own variant on the "Plate", and its own local partisans who declare it to be the best. And while most folks won't claim Tahou's has the best plates, they are still the originals.
A "hot", by the way, is simply a hot dog, but they come in two varieties: red hots (traditional hot dogs) and white hots. White hots are filled with uncured and unsmoked meats, which causes the color difference. The flavor is similar to a mild sausage. Zweigle's is the local brand; don't even bother with any other brand if you're going to try a white hot. "Hot sauce", rather than the expected mouth-scalding pepper blend, is usually a mildly spicy meat sauce to put on hots, especially on garbage plates.
Of course, if you do want mouth-scalding sauce, Buffalo-style chicken wings are almost as popular here as they are in Buffalo. (Surprisingly, neither Anchor Bar—the inventor of the dish—nor Duff's succeeded in their attempts at entering the Rochester market; Bar Bill Tavern on Empire Blvd is the latest Buffalo chain to make the attempt.) Most any bar, bar-like establishment, or pizza joint will have "wings" on their menu (no need to specify "Buffalo wings"; it's assumed). Everyone has a favorite location for wings, but Jeremiah's Tavern has some awards to back up their claim.
If you're looking for something a little more traditional, Rochester's beaches spawned a great set of local burger joints (most of which don't call them burgers; they're "ground steak sandwiches"). The two big local chains are Bill Gray's, with their flagship location at Seabreeze, and Tom Wahl's, which started south of the city in Avon. While they're both owned by the same family now, they do maintain differences: Tom Wahl's is famous for their root beer floats and homemade ice cream, and Bill Gray's has incorporated Abbott's Frozen Custard into several of their locations. Both have great burgers and classic old-time atmospheres.
Speaking of Abbott's, it's the place to go for ice cream—only it's not ice cream; it's frozen custard, which is richer and creamier than regular ice cream. With about a dozen locations around Rochester (not counting Bill Gray's), you have no excuse not to drop in and try some.
DiBella's is a chain of local sub shops that many locals swear by, though true fans note a recent decline in quality. DiBella's restaurants have a classic 1950s atmosphere, with lots of neon, chrome, and checkerboard patterns. The sub rolls are made fresh in-house each morning, and they're solid and big enough to hold all the toppings you could want. The "Godfather" and "Dagwood" subs are quite popular.
For pizza, everyone has a different favorite. The local style is a doughy, medium-rise pie somewhat similar to Neapolitan pizza. The oldest local chain, dating from 1947, is Pontillo's, but quality varies widely from location to location. The best Pontillo's pizzas are truly outstanding, but the worst are truly bad. More consistent quality can be found at another large local chain, Salvatore's, though pizza aficionados may be disappointed. Mark's Pizzeria is also popular, and Cam's is expanding and popular with college students. True New York-style pizza is hard to find, though the Pizza Stop on State Street downtown probably comes closest.
It's not just pizza, either. Rochesterians love all sorts of Italian food; it seems like around every corner is another favorite neighborhood Italian-American restaurant, at least in the suburbs. You'll also find a lot of places owned by Greeks, from greasy spoons like Nick Tahou's to classy family restaurants, although they usually toss in plenty of Italian and traditional American entrees as well. A staple at local Greek- and Italian-American restaurants is Chicken French. It's a breaded chicken breast sauteéd in a lemon-wine sauce. It's so popular that veal and even artichokes can be found "Frenched" on local menus.
All this focus on the lower end of the dining spectrum shouldn't obscure the upscale dining available, mostly in the downtown area. The options are neither as exclusive nor as pretentious as those in other, bigger cities like New York, but that doesn't mean you won't want reservations, and you will want to dress up a bit.
Finally, no trip to Rochester is complete without stopping in to a local Wegmans supermarket. No joke: residents frequently take their out-of-town guests to Wegmans, not necessarily to buy anything, but just to see the place. "Wait," the guests say, "you're taking us to a grocery store?" But Wegmans is something special, and Rochesterians are justifiably proud of their hometown grocer. Customer service is paramount at Wegmans, consistently ranked one of the best companies to work for in the U.S. The stores are attractive, clean, and well-stocked. Wegmans was among the first big grocery chains to feature in-store dining; their Market Cafes include pizza, wings, subs, sushi, soups, and salads, all very popular for weeknight takeout dinners. Of course it's all made in-store from Wegmans-branded grocery items. Wegmans' sub shops were modeled after DiBella's, complete with fresh-baked rolls.
There's only one Wegmans left in the city proper, but the suburbs are loaded with them. The flagship location is on Monroe Avenue adjacent to Pittsford Plaza.
This page uses the following price ranges for a typical meal for one, including soft drink:
Rochester's cheapest options are epitomized by the burger joints that sprung up along the lake shore in the middle of the 20th century—Bill Gray's, Vic & Irv's, and Don's Original at Sea Breeze near Irondequoit Bay; and Schallers west of the river. The greasy spoons like Tahou's are also easy on your wallet (if not your arteries). The Rochester Public Market (see the Buy section, above) hosts many vendors who sell prepared foods, including a number of ethnic specialties like empanadas; in many ways it's like an enormous food court.
For an actual food court, check out Mercantile on Main inside the Sibley Building downtown. Far from the chain restaurants found at malls, the vendors here are small, local entrepreneurs. In many cases, they're just starting out in the restaurant business and refining their concepts. They're a bit like food trucks in that respect, but in a consistent location with good breakfast and lunch foot traffic.
Speaking of food trucks, Rochester was a latecomer to the scene, but it's exploded with a variety of creative trucks appearing around the county. You'll find them downtown at lunch, of course, but also at most festivals and at occasional food truck rodeos (such as the one held monthly during the less-frigid months at the Public Market). The most well known food trucks in Rochester are Macarollin', Le Petit Poutine, Marty's Meats, Wraps on Wheels, The Meatball Truck, and Rob's Kabobs, but there are many more plying the streets.
Bill Gray's. The largest local burger chain may also be the best, with a wide-ranging menu of burgers, hots, wings, and "plates". With ten locations in and around the city, and three more in the outer suburbs, you won't have to go far to find one. In a delicious local partnership, most locations have Abbott's Frozen Custard stands right inside, and some have a game room as well. $3-12.
4870 Culver Rd, Irondequoit (on Hot Dog Row), ☏ +1 585 266-7820. Daily 11AM-9PM. The original location, at Seabreeze.
Bill Gray's at the Skyliner Diner, 1 Manhattan Square Dr (inside Strong Museum), ☏ +1 585 232-5284. Sa-Th 11AM-4:30PM, F 11AM-7:30PM. This location is housed in the tiny 1950s-type Skyliner Diner, long and narrow like a train car. The diner is in turn located inside the Strong National Museum of Play. Museum admission is now required to get to the restaurant, which sits near the carousel in what was once the entrance lobby. (updated Jun 2024)
1000 N River St (Port of Rochester). Daily 11AM-9PM. Inside the Port of Rochester terminal building. No Abbott's since there's a separate Abbott's in the same building. (updated Jun 2024)
3240 Chili Ave, Chili, ☏ +1 585 889-8260. Daily 11AM-9PM.
2987 Buffalo Rd, Gates, ☏ +1 585 247-3940. Daily 11AM-9PM.
2050 Latta Rd, Greece, ☏ +1 585 663-7320. Su-Th 11AM-9PM, F Sa 11AM-10PM.
1177 North Greece Rd, Greece, ☏ +1 585 424-2350. Daily 11AM-9PM.
1225 Jefferson Rd, Henrietta, ☏ +1 585 424-2350. Daily 11AM-9PM. Biggest location, including a large game room.
869 East Ridge Rd, Irondequoit, ☏ +1 585 342-9070. Daily 11AM-9PM.
1650 Penfield Rd, Penfield, ☏ +1 585 385-3450. Daily 11AM-9PM.
There are three additional suburban locations in Webster, Ontario, and Brockport.
Campi's, 205 Scottsville Rd (Just north of I-390 exit 17), ☏ +1 585-235-7205. M-Sa 11AM-8PM. This tiny joint northeast of the airport was once featured on Adam Richman's Man vs. Food Nation, and they focused on Campi's signature dish, the massive Steak Bomber. Take a huge pile of sliced chuck, top it with caramelized onions and other veggies, add Rochester's meaty hot sauce, and put it all on a circular toasted roll twelve inches (30 cm) in diameter. (updated Jun 2024)
Dogtown (Dogtown Hots), 691 Monroe Ave, ☏ +1 585 271-6620. Su-Th 11AM-11PM, F Sa 11AM-midnight. A dog-themed restaurant known for garbage plates and hot dogs with a huge variety of toppings. Tahou's will always be the original, but many locals hold up Dogtown's garbage plates as the best in town.
Don's Original, 4900 Culver Rd, Irondequoit (on Hot Dog Row), ☏ +1 585 323-1177. One of "Hot Dog Row" burger joints in the Seabreeze neighborhood. Motto: "Where Quality Predominates". They have another location in Penfield at Lloyd's Corners. $3-10.
DiBella's Old-Fashioned Submarines. daily 10AM-9PM. The best subs in Rochester, at least according to many locals. It's the rolls, freshly baked in-house, that do it, but they also don't skimp on the fillings. 1950s-style decor makes it a fun place to meet friends for lunch. $4-8. (updated Jun 2024)
DiBella's Italian Market, 620 Jefferson Rd, Henrietta. M-Sa 10AM-9PM, Su 10AM-7PM. The chain's flagship location includes soups and salads in addition to the usual subs, chips, and cookies.
1876 East Ave. M-Sa 10AM-10PM, Su 10AM-9PM.
390 E Henrietta Road (CityGate).
2540 Ridgeway Ave, Greece, ☏ +1 585 225-8440.
1405 E Ridge Rd, Irondequoit, ☏ +1 585 266-0288.
Other locations locally in Webster and Fairport; in the Buffalo, Syracuse, Ithaca, and Albany areas; and further afield more than two dozen others in Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Ohio and Michigan.
Hedonist Artisan Ice Cream, 672 South Ave, ☏ +1 585 461-2815. Su-Th 10AM-9PM, F Sa 10AM-11PM. With an ever-changing eight-flavor lineup, Hedonist offers premium small-batch ice cream in the South Wedge. The goodies are made on-site with local ingredients, including cream from Pittsford Dairy. It's outstanding ice cream, but you'll pay for the indulgence. $4/scoop.
Jay's Diner, 2612 W Henrietta Rd, Brighton (across from Movies 10), ☏ +1 585 424-3710. Daily 6AM-10PM. The pandemic affected even this popular college hangout, which used to be open 24 hours. It's still a popular place for a cheap but filling meal. $5-10. (updated Jun 2024)
Malek's Bakery, 1795 Monroe Ave, Brighton, ☏ +1 585 461-1720. Su 8AM-2PM, Tu-F 7AM-4PM, closed M Sa. Located in the Twelve Corners area of Brighton, this longstanding Jewish (and Kosher) bakery makes European-style breads and pastries. Challah, rye, and pumpernickel are their daily breads (but don't forget the bagels), while pastries include several flavors of babka, danishes, and kuchen. Under new management as of 2024, they're expanding their menu to include other common breakfast and lunch items. $2-11. (updated Jun 2024)
Mark's Texas Hots, 487 Monroe Ave, ☏ +1 585 473-1563. Daily 24 hours. This is where drunk college kids stumble off of Monroe Ave. to eat a garbage plate. The garbage plates from establishments that reside inside the city limits of Rochester have a decidedly more flavorful character than those in the suburbs. Mark's is the only diner you might ever visit that has a bouncer. Go if only for the spectacle. $4-14.
Nick Tahou Hots, 320 W Main St, ☏ +1 585 436-0184. M-Sa 8AM-8PM. Tahou's is the origin of Rochester's authentic cuisine, the garbage plate. For a few dollars, the plates come with your choice of meat, macaroni salad, home fries, onions and special sauce. The most common plate can be ordered by as quickly as possible saying "Cheeseburger plate, mac salad, home fries, everything!". $3-9.
The Pizza Stop, 131 State St, ☏ +1 585 572-7037. M 11AM-3PM, Tu-Th 11AM-6PM, F 11AM-8PM, Sa noon-8PM. As if a little slice of Brooklyn has been transported to Rochester, the Pizza Stop makes pizzas the way they do downstate; even NYC transplants approve! In addition to the thin Neapolitan style, they make a mean thick Sicilian as well, and their stuffed pizza is just over-the-top ridiculous. There's another location in Pittsford Plaza that is operated independently. $ for a cheese slice, $13 for a whole pie. (updated Jun 2024)
Salvatore's Old-Fashioned Pizzeria. This chain, founded by local legend Salvatore "Soccer Sam" Fantauzzo, advertises that they "deliver everything... but babies!" But primarily, they deliver pizza, and they've become very successful doing so. Pizza experts scoff at the quality of their pies, but with about 30 locations in Monroe, Livingston, Ontario, and Wayne Counties, they must be doing something right. You can even get Salvatore's pizza at Innovative Field and the airport. (Not to mention a location in Jacksonville, Florida!) Super Slice (quarter pie) $, large pizza $. (updated Jun 2024)
1985 E Main St, ☏ +1 585 288-4570. Daily 10AM-10PM. The original Salvatore's location. (updated Jun 2024)
Schallers. Another Rochester burger joint that grew up along the beach, though this one was in Greece not Seabreeze. (updated Jun 2024)
965 Edgemere Dr, Greece (west of the river), ☏ +1 585 865-3319. The Greece location has some excellent ice cream.
559 E Ridge Rd, Irondequoit, ☏ +1 585 544-2097.
Steve T. Hots and Potatoes, 2260 Lyell Ave, ☏ +1 585 429-6388. Su-W 10AM-1AM, Th 10AM-2AM, F Sa 10AM-4AM. Just as authentic as Nick Tahou's, but in a safer part of the city and open later. $2-8.
Mark's Pizzeria, 7450 Pittsford-Palmyra Road, ☏ +1 585-425-3353, info@markspizzeria.com. Mark's Pizzeria has been around since 1982, when founder and president Mark Crane started selling pies in Palmyra. The chain has grown and shrunk throughout the years, but remains the most popular pizza in Rochester, consistently winning the Democrat & Chronicle Rochester Choice Award for best pizza. $-10. (updated Jan 2019)
The middle ground is where most of Rochester's restaurants lie. A variety of ethnic cuisines are available, if you're willing to look around a bit. In particular, Rochester's barbecue scene is better than you might expect.
Abyssinia, 1657 Mount Hope Ave, ☏ +1 585 262-3910. Tu-Th Noon-9PM, F-Sa Noon-10PM, Su Noon-9:30PM. The premier Ethiopian restaurant in Rochester is back! Formerly located in the Grove Place district on University Avenue, Abyssinia opened in 2000 but had to close after a dispute with the property owner. After over a year without a home, they've moved to Mount Hope Plaza, and their many fans couldn't be happier. Go for the combos, which are served injera (Ethiopian bread) or the clay pots of lamb or beef. $10-15.
Amore, 1750 East Ave (inside Wegmans). Wegmans replaced their old East Avenue store—the only one left in the city proper—with a brand new one, even carving out space along the crowded East Ave for this new restaurant. Amore serves up Italian classics—made mostly with Wegmans-brand ingredients—in a peaceful and casually elegant atmosphere. It's isolated from the rest of the store, so don't worry about dodging shopping carts or dealing with the noise of the grocery. $8-19.
California Rollin', 1000 N River St, ☏ +1 585 271-8920. Th 5-9PM, Sa 2-9PM, Su Noon-8PM. If less traditional, more experimental/Western, sushi sounds interesting to you, pay a visit to this excellent sushi restaurant and bar. A special each day of the week; the best values for your buck are the Wednesday $20 all-you-can-eat and the Sunday 3-for-$12 deals. $3-22.
The Gate House, 274 N Goodman St (Village Gate Square), ☏ +1 585 473-2090. M-Th 11:30AM-10PM, F Sa 11:30AM-11PM, Su 11:30AM-9PM. This restaurant, named after its location in Village Gate Square, specializes in burgers and flatbread pizzas, but with a distinctly upscale twist. High-quality ingredients creatively applied to these staple menu items make the Gate House a very popular place for dinner before a show at the nearby Auditorium Theatre. Of course, this is Rochester, so you can even get a fancy version of a garbage plate. Reservations recommended. $9-17.
Highland Park Diner, 960 S Clinton Ave, ☏ +1 585 461-5040. Daily 8AM-3PM. Rochester's last classic diner. A 1948 Orleans diner restored in 1986 to an art deco style. Their motto is "real food, served real well at real prices". A neighborhood joint with very good food. Friendly, personal service (the owner himself often takes orders) and fantastic Sunday breakfast/brunch menu: berries & peaches stuffed French toast, tasty savory omelets and a glorious eggs Benedict. Be sure to ask for "sweet cheese" on your waffles, pancakes & French toast. $3-20.
Hogan's Hideaway, 197 Park Ave, ☏ +1 585 442-4293, hoganmail197@gmail.com. M-Th 11:30AM-10PM, F Sa 11:30AM-10:30PM, Su 4PM-9PM. A cozy eatery in the heart of the Park Avenue neighborhood, offering traditional fare with a slight upscale twist. Most entrees change daily, though a few are constants. Parking is iffy. $6-24.
Hose 22, 56 Stutson St, ☏ +1 585 621-2200, contact@hose22.com. Tu-Su 11:30AM-?. Housed in a former firehouse, Hose 22 offers up great American grill fare. $8-22.
Jines, 658 Park Ave, ☏ +1 585 461-1280, fax: +1 585 461-4487. M-Sa 7AM-10PM, Su 7AM-8PM. According to the jingle, "Sooner or later, everyone dines at Jines," which may only be a slight exaggeration. Jines is one of a cluster of restaurants at the corner of Park and Berkeley, each with very popular sidewalk tables (at least in nice weather), which makes this a particularly lively and inviting stretch of Park Avenue. Jines was part of the wave of Greek-American diners that opened in the 60s and 70s, though this is more "family restaurant" than "greasy spoon". The atmosphere and service are familial (the Gines family still runs the place), and the menu is extensive, hearty, and not without its creativity. $8-20. (updated Jun 2016)
The King and I, 1455 E Henrietta Rd, Henrietta, ☏ +1 585 427-8090, fax: +1 585 427-8288. M-Th 11AM-10PM, F 11AM-11PM, Sa noon-11PM, Su noon-9:30PM. Located in Henrietta, a sprawling suburb that features mostly grimly terrible chain restaurants, this fantastic Thai spot features reasonable prices, lightning quick service (seriously, it's like they know what you're going to order before you get there) and food that always tastes uncannily fresh and yummy. The ambiance is not great, with a huge cavernous dining room and terrible, terrible art on the walls, but the food is consistently good and you can always get takeout. Make sure to try the Thai iced tea. No need to bother with reservations. Open for lunch and dinner. $8-10.
Olive's Greek Taverna, 50 State St, Pittsford (off Schoen Pl), ☏ +1 585 381-3990. M-Sa 11AM-8PM. Located in Rochester's snootiest suburb, you wouldn't expect the best deal in Rochester, but this charming restaurant will give you the most bang for your buck. Authentic and carefully prepared, don't miss the huge mezede village platter (an appetizer that can be easily shared by two or more), gyros and well-spiced kebabs. Lots for vegetarians, and unbelievable sweet potato fries. Reservations only taken for 3 or more. On the weekends they're basically required, or you'll wait hours for a table. Appetizers $5-10, sandwiches and entrees $5-15; cash only.
Plum House, 686 Monroe Ave, ☏ +1 585 442-0778. Tu-Su 11:30AM-9:30PM. This popular Japanese restaurant specializes in sushi, particularly their sushi rolls, each of which has a rather unique moniker. The Yummy Yummy Roll is highly recommended, but you can also try the Red Dragon Roll, BFF Roll, or of course a Rochester Roll. Other typical Japanese-American dishes are available as well.
Sea Restaurant, 741 Monroe Ave, ☏ +1 585 473-8031. Su-Th 11AM-9PM, F Sa 11AM-10PM. Vietnamese cuisine. Very large portions. $7-11.
Seoul Garden, 2805 W Henrietta Rd, Brighton, ☏ +1 585 424-2220. Su 11:30AM-9:30PM, M & W-Th 11:30AM-10PM, F Sa 11:30AM-10:30PM. Features extensive Korean menu -- Korean BBQ, scallion pancakes, spicy stews, etc. All meals come with lots of tasty extras, like fermented black beans and kimchee. $7-15.
Shiki, 1054 S Clinton Ave, ☏ +1 585 435-4710. M-W & F-Sa 5-9PM. Looks like nothing from the outside, an easily miss-able hole-in-the-wall place on South Clinton. But inside the tiny space is a little haven, authentically Japanese, with rice-paper screens and the most perfectly prepared sushi in Rochester. The only staff are the friendly Japanese owners who will offer lots of guidance if you ask. Lunch $4-16; dinner $9-19.
Tully's, 1225 Jefferson Rd, ☏ +1 585 272-8900. Upstate NY chain sports bar with an enormous menu. The real attraction is the chicken tenders and honey mustard which are nothing like the frozen variety served at most sports bars. There are dozens of televisions which makes it a good place to watch a game.
Whiskey River Pub and Grill, 421 River St, ☏ +1 585 417-6231. M (Apr-Sep only) Tu-Th 4PM-close, F-Su noon-close. The former Steel River BBQ still has their popular smoked wings, but they've expanded into the historic building next door and now offer a variety of entrees in their dining room, along with classic pub fare in the bar area. (updated Oct 2017)
Mt. Hope Family Diner, 1511 Mount Hope Avenue, ☏ +1 585 256-1939. Daily 6AM-3PM.. A cozy little diner on the edge of Collegetown and URMC, frequented by U of R students and hospital workers alike. Excellent chocolate mint cake. Be careful not to miss the turn if driving from the north. $6-20. (updated Oct 2022)
Bring your hog to the Dino; everyone else does!
Dinosaur Bar-B-Que on Court Street is where everyone you ask will send you for barbecue; it's a small Syracuse-based chain that Rochesterians have adopted as their own. Sticky Lips also has a dedicated following, and some will tell you does a better job (at least for some dishes). Other than those two, though, most of the growing BBQ action around town is in the suburbs.
Dinosaur Bar-B-Que, 99 Court St, ☏ +1 585 325-7090. M-Th 11AM-midnight, F Sa 11AM-1AM, Su noon-10PM. Amazing ribs, chicken, and black beans and rice among many other things. Expect to wait though! Average wait for a table is easily an hour, they don't take reservations, and unless your whole group is there you can't get on the list. They're a tad vigilant about it, but the place pushes so much business through they can afford to do so. The Dino is a must when in Rochester, if only for some of the sauce. $10-23.
Sticky Lips BBQ Juke Joint, 830 Jefferson Rd, Henrietta, ☏ +1 585 292-5544. M-W 11AM-10PM, Th 11AM–11PM, F Sa 11AM–midnight Su 10:30AM-9PM. Sticky Lips has a different vibe and charm from Dino. Its sauce bottles are decorated with 1940s-style pinups, and the decor features advertisements and periodicals from the same era. The food is good, too, with a very wide variety of options and combos, and five different sauces to choose from. This Henrietta location is much bigger than the (now-closed) original in the city, with live music just about every night and a full bar. Gospel Brunch on Sundays.
Rochester's reputation as a staid company town is slowly dissolving, and more and more restauranteurs are opening upscale establishments to cater to a growing taste for more adventurous cuisine and more personalized service. Rochester's local chefs are no doubt ready for the challenge, as the improving business climate brings more businesspeople on expense accounts to the city.
Atlas Eats Kitchen and Bake Shop, 2185 N Clinton Ave, Irondequoit, ☏ +1 585 544-1300. Bake Shop: Th-Sa 9AM-6PM, Su 9AM-4PM; The Edible Atlas: F Sa 6PM & 8:30PM. While the Bake Shop offers light sandwich fare and breakfast dishes, the real attraction here for foodies is their Edible Atlas dinner series. Every two weeks, the kitchen selects a whole new cuisine to present to intrepid diners, be it Mexican, Korean, Greek, or anything else the chefs can think of. The menu is set in advance; all you have to choose is your beverage. You'll want to get reservations, though, as the restaurant offers only 18 seats for each of its two seatings twice weekly. Lunch $8-10; Edible Atlas $35+. (updated Apr 2017)
Avvino, 2541 Monroe Ave, Brighton, ☏ +1 585 270-5229. Tu-Th 5-10PM, F Sa 5-11PM, Su 5-10PM. Pretty good reviews for this new restaurant. Check out the 18,000 pennies lining the floor of the lobby; altogether, they'd pay for a meal for six. $15-36.
Char Steak and Lounge (formerly the Grill at the Strathallan), 550 East Ave (at the Strathallan), ☏ +1 585 241-7100. Lunch: daily 11AM-2PM; Dinner: M-Th 5-10PM, F Sa 5-11PM, Su 4-9PM. After several years of decline, the former Grill at the Strathallan has been rejuvenated as Char Steak & Lounge, and it's still one of the finest dining options in Rochester. Upscale American cuisine in a contemporary lounge setting. (Also open for breakfast, featuring DoubleTree hotels' standard breakfast menu.).
Good Luck Restaurant, 50 Anderson Ave, ☏ +1 585 340-6161. W-Sa 5-11PM (bar until 2AM). Despite the name, this isn't some Chinese takeout joint. One of the most eclectic, see-and-be-seen restaurant/bars in Rochester, it's like Grinnell's for hipsters (but in a good way). The menu is ever-changing, but a few staples are always there, including the full pound hamburger. Other options often involve rabbit, duck, and squid, to give you an idea. Even the more pedestrian options, like the pizza and the steak sandwich, are made with high-end ingredients like bison-milk mozzarella. Whatever you order, plan to share it with the rest of your party; all of the dishes are meant to be sampled, family-style. Reservations strongly recommended. $13-60 (most entrees shareable). (updated Apr 2015)
Grinnell's Restaurant, 1969 Monroe Ave, Brighton, ☏ +1 585 244-3710. Su 4:30-9PM, M-Th 5-10PM, F Sa 5-11PM. This is the type of place your parents went to for their 5th anniversary—take that as you will. While the menu is firmly rooted in the 1960s and 70s, Grinnell's devoted customers keep coming back for the absolutely impeccable service. From the complimentary valet parking, to the maître d' up front (usually the owner himself), to the veteran servers, the restaurant's staff perfectly balances a friendly, welcoming atmosphere with the courteous respect that defined mid-century hospitality. The food is highly acclaimed as well, though it's hardly adventurous; just basic well made steaks, chops, and seafood. $31-60. (updated Apr 2017)
Lento, 274 N Goodman St (Village Gate), ☏ +1 585 271-3470. Lunch: Tu-F 11AM-2PM; dinner: Tu Th-Sa 5-10PM, W 5-9PM. With a name that means "slow", Lento prides itself on taking no shortcuts in the preparation of fine meals. Everything on the menu, right down to the ketchup on the $12 burgers, is made in-house, from primarily local ingredients whenever possible. The care taken in preparation is reflected in the quality of the food. Lunch service began in Spring 2012, with a focus on getting diners in and out relatively quickly. $12-30. (updated Apr 2017)
Max Chophouse, 1456 Monroe Ave, Brighton, ☏ +1 585 271-3510. Tu-Su 5:30PM-10PM. Not an ideal destination for vegetarians, this offshoot of the other Max restaurants focuses firmly on red meat, with a bit of seafood for flavor. $13-51.
Max of Eastman Place, 25 Gibbs St (across from Eastman Theatre). Lunch: M-F 11:30AM-2:30PM; Dinner: M-Th 5:30-10PM, F Sa 5:30-11PM. Considered one of the top restaurants in Rochester, with an elegant atmosphere and a menu to match. Lunch $8-15, dinner $23-35.
Next Door Bar & Grill, 3220 Monroe Ave, Pittsford, ☏ +1 585 249-4575. M-Sa 11:30AM-10PM. This restaurant is owned by Wegmans and showcases what Wegmans chefs can do. The menu changes frequently and covers a wide variety of cuisines. The cocktails are something special and are made with the freshest ingredients possible since the flagship Wegmans store is located across the street.
Ox and Stone, 282 Alexander St, ☏ +1 585 287-6933. Tu-Th noon-midnight, F Sa noon-2AM. The former location of Rochester's most upscale restaurant, the Rio Bamba, is now a slightly less upscale Mexican-American restaurant. The Bamba's unique Latin-themed decor remains, however, and the unique cuisine continues to get good reviews. Pig's ears, anyone? Or fried insects? If you want more traditional fare, the tortillas are freshly made in-house. Dinner $11-30. (updated Apr 2017)
Phillips European, 26 Corporate Woods, Brighton, ☏ +1 585 272-9910, fax: +1 585 272-1778. M-Sa 11AM-11PM. The food is only ok, heavy, traditional French—good for a business lunch or unadventurous out of town guests—but the desserts are spectacular, with emphasis on pies, tortes, tarts, cakes and specialty cheesecakes. Examples include their Chocolate Tiramisu Torte and White Chocolate Carrot Cake. The mere mention of a trip here for coffee and dessert will get Rochesterians salivating. A full dessert menu is available in the restaurant, but the cakes can also be ordered whole and picked up. Lunch entrees $8-13, dinner entrees $12-30. Desserts $6 or $55 for whole cakes.
The Revelry, 1290 University Ave, Ste A, ☏ +1 585 340-6454. Tu-Th 5-10PM, F 11:30AM-11PM, Sa 5-11PM, Su 11:30AM-2:30PM 5-9PM (bar open later). Creative contemporary Southern/American fare in a very cool renovated industrial setting. Enjoy the lively bar and its scintillating decor, the breezy and fresh patio, or the somewhat quieter upstairs dining room. Not a place for comfort food; in fact, the menu occasionally errs on the side of weirdness, but it changes seasonally so it's always worth taking a chance. $16-32. (updated Apr 2017)
Rooney's, 90 Henrietta St, ☏ +1 585 442-0444. M-F 5:30-10PM, Sa 5-10PM. Nestled in Rochester's Swillburg neighborhood, near the Highland Park Diner, Rooney's doesn't look like much on the outside. Inside, though, is one of the city's best-kept secrets. Upscale dining in a rustic-romantic atmosphere makes this an excellent choice for anyone wanting to impress a guest. The menu is upscale American—veal, duck, lamb, swordfish, etc. $29-38.
Tournedos Steakhouse, 26 Broadway (The Inn on Broadway). Lunch M-F 11:30AM-3PM; dinner M-Sa 5-11PM, Su 5-10PM. Possibly the most expensive meal in Rochester. or, for that matter, in the entire six-county area. The menu represents all of the high-end standards without going overboard on the creativity. The service is regarded by locals as impeccable. $25-80.
TRATA (The Restaurant at the Armory), 145 Culver Rd (Culver Road Armory), ☏ +1 585 270-5460. Lunch: M-F 11AM-3PM; Dinner: M-Th 4:30-10PM, F Sa 4-11PM, Su 4-10PM; Brunch: Su 10:30AM-2PM; bar and late-night menu lasts an extra hour. An old military armory is the setting for this trendy, upscale-casual hotspot. What does upscale casual mean? Consider that there's a variety of contemporary dishes on the menu, but you'll also find a "burger bar". (Sunday brunch includes a "hangover burger" and fried PB&J among other treats.) Put on your best pair of jeans and enjoy. Some diners report inconsistent experiences with the food and service, but the unique setting and romantic atmosphere more than make up for any snags; TRATA is all about the atmosphere and the environment. There's a rooftop bar and some amazing outdoor seating available; inside there are more bars and seating across three floors of space. $12-30.
The big local brew is Genesee, along with its label-mates Genny Lite, Genesee Cream Ale, and the Dundee line of lagers (especially The Original Honey Brown). Don't believe the wags who tell you the beer is "brewed from the waters of the Genesee"; although the river is clearer than it used to be, you won't find its influence in the local beverages. Genny isn't as popular around town as you might expect, but it's working at making a comeback, and few locals would turn down a Cream Ale or Honey Brown if offered one. As the saying goes: if a bar doesn't serve Genny, even if no one you know drinks it, it's not a real bar. As of late summer 2012, the brewery—the eighth-largest in the U.S.—has finally opened a visitor's center (see the Do section).
Several Rochester area restaurants have their own craft beer made by Custom BrewCrafters, which is a local microbrewer. Additionally there is the Fairport Brewing Company, Naked Dove Brewing Company, Roc Brewing Company and Rohrbachs microbreweries that all have their own beers. Rohrbachs in particular can be found at events like baseball games and soccer matches.
Sitting as it does at the edge of the Finger Lakes, Rochester is also a good place to get some high-quality wine. Finger Lakes wines can be found in many restaurants throughout the city and its suburbs, although just as many forgo the local stuff in favor of the same old Californian and European selections. If you can, seek out the places that serve local wine; it gives you a better taste of the region and is better for the environment to boot.
There are several districts to party in around Rochester. They include the St. Paul Quarter, the East End (Area around Alexander St. and East Ave., also referred to as "East & Alexander."), High Falls Entertainment district, and Monroe Ave. Even during the cold winter evenings, people can be seen on the street, hopping from one bar to the next.
Each district has an array of diverse bars, from trendy, to sports bars, to dive bars you can find a bar you will like in each area. Rochester is known for it wide selection of martinis and micro-brewed beers. Visit any mid-range to upscale bar/restaurant and they will probably have a great selection. Ask for their martini menu!
The East End Festival is a great opportunity for bar hoppers and pub crawlers to hear all sorts of music and try all sorts of drinks. Outdoor stages are added to the usual indoor venues, and the East End becomes packed (more packed than usual).
Bug Jar, 219 Monroe Ave, ☏ +1 585 454-2966. The walls display various works of art created by local artists, and the stage area/dance floor has an entire roomful of furniture arranged on the ceiling. Drink specials and live entertainment are featured here nightly, presenting popular local and national musical artists.
Cheshire, 647 South Ave (above Solera Wine Bar). Th M-11PM, F 5PM-midnight, Sa 7PM-midnight. This speakeasy-style bar serves up classic pre-Prohibition cocktails and inventive newly crafted ones with a sophisticated style. (updated Aug 2016)
The Daily Refresher, 293 Alexander St, ☏ +1 585 360-4627. Tu-Th 4PM-midnight, F Sa 4PM-2AM. The founders of this newspaper-themed tavern (with a speakeasy feel) call their establishment a "gastro-lounge", with a focus on custom cocktails and artisan foods.
The Distillery. This popular sports bar and grill is expanding and now has three locations around Rochester. The food—including steaks—is quite good for a place known mostly as a sports bar. Also worthy of note are the specials: Before 10PM, there is a different draft beer on sale every day of the week. After 10PM, the beer sale ends, but all appetizers are half off. Naturally, the best time to arrive is 9:45PM. $3 draft/bottle beers, $6 well drinks; entrees $8-21. (updated Jan 2023)
1142 Mount Hope Ave, ☏ +1 585 271-4105, mthopedistillery@thedistillery.com.
3010 S Winton Rd, Henrietta, ☏ +1 585 339-3010, brightondistillery@thedistillery.com.
10 Square Dr (Victor), ☏ +1 585-425-2337, victor@thedistillery.com. (updated Jan 2023)
Jeremiah's Tavern. The epitome of the neighborhood bar, Jeremiah's is best known for its wings. (updated Jan 2023)
1104 Monroe Ave, ☏ +1 585 461-1313. Daily 11AM-Midnight.
2200 Buffalo Rd, Gates, ☏ +1 585-247-0022. Daily 11AM-10PM.
Lux, 666 South Ave, ☏ +1 585 232-9030. Lux is something of an alternative bar in Rochester and trades on being in the South Wedge to add cred to the atmosphere. Lots of tattoos and piercings and a good PBR special. The back yard is great. They have hammocks in the summer time and a huge wood burning stove for the winter. This place is something you would expect to find in Brooklyn not Rochester.
Marge's Lakeside Inn, 4909 Culver Rd, Irondequoit (across from Hot Dog Row). W-F 5PM-2AM, Sa Su 7PM-2AM. Once a speakeasy during Prohibition, this joint was one of the first in the area to get a liquor license after it was repealed. Today, it's a wild and raucous neighborhood bar; there's no food, but folks come for the drinks and the atmosphere. The deck extends out onto the beach for a great view of Lake Ontario. Parking is non-existent; you'll have to jockey for a spot on the south side of Culver. 21+ only.
The Old Toad, 277 Alexander St, ☏ +1 585 232-2626, info@theoldtoad.com. M-F 11:30AM-2AM, Sa noon-2AM, Su 5PM-2AM. Great English beer, poor English food, friendly English staff. A unique atmosphere with reasonable prices, the Toad is an excellent place to get sloshed. $4 draft/bottle beers, $6 well drinks.
In the 1950s and 60s, a ramshackle three-story house on Clarissa Street, in the Corn Hill neighborhood, was a popular waypoint on the jazz circuit—the clubs across the country where the biggest stars of jazz could drop in and always find an appreciative audience. Anyone who was anyone in jazz during that era played the Pythodd stage. The name (pronounced "PIHTH-od") was a portmanteau of the two fraternal organizations that previously resided in the building: the Odd Fellows and the Knights of Pythias. The Pythodd closed in 1972, but its legacy is remembered every year during the Clarissa Street Reunion festival in August.
The Spirit Room, 139 State St, ☏ +1 585 397-7595. W-F noon-midnight, Sa Su 6PM-midnight. One of the burgeoning number of craft-cocktail specialists in the Rochester region, The Spirit Room takes things to another level with its decor and atmosphere. Borrowing elements from Rochester's Spiritualist past (and other traditions like New Orleans voodoo), the place evokes a turn-of-the-century drugstore run by aficionados of the occult. In addition to the creative cocktails served in solid Wexford glassware, the dining menu represents Southern soul food. Live music, poetry readings, and a tarot card reader round out the offerings. (updated Oct 2017)
Tapas 177, 177 St Paul St, ☏ +1 585-262-2090. Where the martinis are as big as the day is long, so kick off your heels, and loosen your tie.
Turcott's Taproom (formerly Lola's Bistro and Bar), 630 Monroe Ave. Daily 11AM-2AM. Turcott's Taproom is an English-style pub. (updated Dec 2015)
Wall Street Bar and Grill, 330 East Ave, ☏ +1 585 319-5696. M-Sa 11AM-2AM, Su noon-2AM. You can get meals here—with waitstaff, no less—but the drinks are the attraction at this spot that just opened in August 2012. In keeping with the name, drink prices fluctuate based on popularity, just like stock prices. Keep an eye on the price ticker; buy low and sell high!
The craft beer scene is rapidly growing and Rochester is no exception. Home to a diverse and rapidly expanding selection of breweries, here are some great places to check out.
Rohrbach Brewing Company, 3859 Buffalo Rd, Ogden, ☏ +1 585 594-9800. Although Rohrbach's is a bit out of the way, their beer is worth the trip. Certainly the highlight is the Scotch Ale, and if you don't want to travel all the way to the actual brewpub, any number of establishments in the city will have it on tap, including Frontier Field. However, if there, do try as many of the beers as possible, as it is some of the best craft-brewing in upstate NY. You can get a sampler of 3 oz (85 g) glasses before you decide. The food is also quite good and leans toward German fare such as sauerbraten and bratwurst. (updated Oct 2017)
Swiftwater Brewing, 378 Mt. Hope Avenue, ☏ +1 585-530-3471. Great location in the South Wedge neighborhood just across the street from the Genesee River. Swiftwater is one of the most popular and fastest growing Rochester breweries. They typically have around a dozen of their beers on tap as well as a guest tap for cider. Like most breweries their focus is IPAs and they do them very well, but you won't be short on variety when you visit here. (updated Oct 2017)
Triphammer Bierwerks, 111 Parce Avenue Suite 3A-1 Fairport, ☏ +1 585 388-8281. One of the newest entries in the Rochester craft beer scene, they just opened in late 2016. Triphammer has made a name for themselves very quickly. Located in an alley just off of main street in the Village of Fairport, the taproom is a great place to visit. They have a raw, industrial decor that is fairly typical of craft breweries. You can grab a pint of your favorite Triphammer beer or get a flight and sample everything they have available. (updated Oct 2017)
A handful of excellent wine bars have popped up in Rochester.
Chocolate and Vines, 757 University Ave, ☏ +1 585-242-6096. M-F 4PM-11PM, Sa Su 2PM-11PM. The name is apropos, as this bar does indeed specialize in chocolates and wines—the former more so than the latter, some would argue. Still, the wine selection is expertly paired with the desserts, making this a very popular place for ending an evening on the town. Housed in an historic century-old house, the bar has a summer patio that looks out on the lovely Neighborhood of the Arts, a great place for people-watching.
Flight Wine Bar, 262 Exchange Blvd (Corn Hill Landing), ☏ +1 585 360-4180. Tu-Th 4-10PM, F Sa 4PM-?. Dressy, sophisticated, and urbane, Flight might be the most well known wine bar in the city. As you might guess, they specialize in wine "flights"—tastings of a selection of wines based around a theme. You can try three different wines made from the same grape, or perhaps three different grapes from the same region. It's not just wine, either: cheese, chocolate, and even olive oil are presented in flights of three. Flights $13-20.
With so many apples grown in Western New York, it was only a matter of time before craft hard cider started being produced locally. Now there's a cider-only bar in the city:
Mullers Cider House, 1344 University Ave, #180, ☏ +1 585 287-5875. M-F 4-11PM, Sa noon-midnight, Su noon-10PM. This cider-only bar just opened in December 2015 and has a dozen ciders on tap and over 100 more in bottles, as well as knowledgeable staff who can help you make a selection. As far as bar food goes, the house specialty is kettle corn, presented in seasonal varieties. (updated Apr 2017)
Despite the fact that there's a popular local bar+grill chain called The Distillery, Rochester hasn't had a real distillery within its boundaries since before Prohibition. That changed starting January 25, 2014.
Black Button Distilling, 85 Railroad St (near the Public Market), ☏ +1 585-730-4512. Tu noon-6PM, F-Sa 11AM-8PM. While distilling has started to grow in the otherwise wine-mad Finger Lakes region, its production has not been seen in Rochester in quite some time. Black Button uses local ingredients to make corn whiskey, wheat vodka, and gin at their new distillery. Tours and a tasting bar are the amenities available for visitors.
Rochester has its share of Starbucks locations, although the mega-chain is not yet ubiquitous. Much more popular around Rochester is the coffee at Canadian donut shop Tim Hortons.
But venture beyond the big chains and you'll find a number of cozy little coffee shops perfect for lounging around and meeting new people, or mooching the free Wi-Fi.
Boulder Coffee Company, 100 Alexander St (at Clinton Ave), ☏ +1 585 454-7140. M-Th 7AM-11PM, F 7AM-midnight, Sa 8AM-midnight, Su 8AM-11PM. An independently owned coffee shop with regular live music. Their web page lists upcoming acts. Drinks and snacks are typical coffee shop prices. Free WiFi on the premises.
Easy on East, 170 East Ave, ☏ +1 585 325-6490. Laid-back lounge-type bar aimed at young professionals.
Equal=Grounds, 750 South Ave, ☏ +1 585 256-2362. This coffee shop opened in 2006. It has a great open-minded atmosphere and has a LGBT gift shop. The coffee, smoothies, and pastries are temptations.
Java's Cafe, 16 Gibbs St (next door to Eastman Theater/Kilbourn Hall). Another downtown coffee shop, more popular with the art house crowd. Java's prices and products are similar to Spot. They also sell a variety of large homemade cookies in a variety of styles for about a dollar. At lunch time, an adjacent cafe-style restaurant serves for soup and sandwiches. Local art adorns the walls and local bands of questionable quality occasionally perform.
Joe Bean Coffee Roasters, 565 Blossom Road, E1, ☏ +1 585 532-7942. A coffee roaster and full service coffee and espresso bar. Joe Bean has been mentioned among the best coffee shops in the country. They serve some food as well, but the real attraction is the java, which is fair trade and eco-friendly, and roasted right in-house. The focus at Joe Bean is on coffee education; they believe that good coffee can be savored and analyzed like good wine, and they even offer classes on how to make your own.
Spot Coffee, 200 East Ave (next to the Little Theatre). A trendy, popular hangout housed in a former Chevrolet dealership, people come here to relax and socialize while enjoying a cup or two of the brown brew. It's quite acceptable to spend hours here while only buying a single small cup of coffee; students do it all the time. Local art of various sorts is often marked for sale on the walls. Drinks $2-3, light meals around $5.
Soaring over Rochester. That's Lake Ontario in the back there.
There are only a handful of hotels within the Rochester city limits, including two downtown high-rises. The city hotels aren't cheap, but most travelers will be staying in one of the numerous suburban hotels. No matter where you stay, though, you probably won't be far from an expressway, which means you can get pretty much anywhere you want to go in 20 minutes or less.
Many—maybe even most—hotels in the area offer free shuttle service to and from the airport. Several of them even have "Airport" in their names, but pay attention to the map; they may be miles away in reality.
If you look around, there are also a number of bed-and-breakfasts in the city, but they don't publicize themselves much.
Courtyard by Marriott Rochester Downtown, 390 East Ave, ☏ +1 585 504-2750, fax: +1 585 504-2550. This property was the site of the first downtown motel in the United States, first opened in 1954 as part of the "Treadway Inn" chain. The motel had its ups and downs, and though a complete renovation in 2014 brought renewed life, it was finally torn down in 2019 and replaced with this brand-new Courtyard. The owner has aimed for more of a full-service feel here compared to the typical Courtyard by Marriott, and hopes are that the popular Erie Grill (the previous hotel's upscale eatery) will be returning soon. In the meantime, Courtyard's signature Bistro offers a selection of hot breakfast and dinner items in a casual, communal space. $140-180.
Hyatt Regency, 125 East Main St, ☏ +1 585 546-1234. Twenty-five-story upscale hotel connected via enclosed walkway to Rochester Riverside Convention Center; with the 2020 closure of the Radisson Riverside hotel, the Hyatt is now the primary hotel of choice for conventioneers. One of the tallest buildings in Rochester. $160-195. (updated Feb 2018)
Hilton Garden Inn Downtown, 155 East Main St (Downtown), ☏ +1 585 232-5000. The newest hotel inside the Inner Loop is five stories with 106 guest rooms. The developers converted three existing historic buildings into a modern hotel, in the process uncovering and restoring some unique architectural details dating back nearly a century. Their on-site restaurant is Drifters L.B., featuring higher-end comfort food made with local ingredients, and a wine list heavy on Finger Lakes vintages. (updated Mar 2015)
Hilton Garden Inn Rochester/University & Medical Center, 30 Celebration Dr (College Town, off Mt Hope Ave), ☏ +1 585-424-4404, fax: +1 585-242-8613. A fairly generic mid-priced hotel opened in 2015. Its main calling card is its proximity to Strong Memorial Hospital and the adjacent College Town retail/lifestyle center. (updated Jul 2015)
Holiday Inn Rochester Downtown (formerly Rochester Plaza Hotel), 70 State St, ☏ +1 585 546-3450. On the west side of the river is another high-rise hotel, not connected to the convention center, but still within walking distance of High Falls or the Blue Cross Arena. $130.
Inn on Broadway, 26 Broadway, toll-free: +1-877-612-3595. Romantic, turn of the century, old world city architecture inside the Inner Loop. Gracious low-key service. Beautifully decorated suites, artfully articulated interior finishes. Beloved by its many guests. Highly regarded, wonderful on-site restaurant, Tournedos. Poised for future expansion. $190-215.
Staybridge Suites, 1000 Genesee St (Brooks Landing development), ☏ +1 585 527-9110. Designed for extended stays, this hotel is just across the river from the University of Rochester's River Campus (there's a pedestrian bridge nearby). That makes it very popular for graduation and homecoming weekends. Each unit has a full kitchen and living room. $100-110.
The Strathallan Rochester Hotel & Spa, 550 East Ave, ☏ +1 585 461-5010. The only hotel near the Neighborhood of the Arts, the Strathallan is almost legendary around Rochester. In the early 2000s, it started to lose its reputation as the best large hotel in Rochester, but a $10 million renovation and expansion project in 2012 seems to have restored its former glory. Now affiliated with Hilton's DoubleTree brand, the hotel has added a pool, as well as new meeting space on its top floor, with some beautiful views of the city. The fabulous Grill at the Strathallan, one of the finest dining establishments in Rochester, has been renamed to Char Steak and Lounge; the atmosphere and menu have both been modernized, with customers enjoying innovative American cuisine (with prices to match). $120-160.
The innermost suburbs are loaded with chain hotels of every size and shape; here are a few of particular note.
Clarion Pointe Rochester Monroe Avenue, 2729 Monroe Ave, ☏ +1 585-376-5502. Check-in: 3PM, check-out: 11AM. $70-120.
Best Western The Inn At Rochester Airport, 395 Buell Rd, ☏ +1 585 436-4400, fax: +1 585 436-6496. Check-in: 3PM, check-out: 11AM. Directly across the street from Rochester International Airport. Stay and Fly package available with free airport transportation. $70-120.
Comfort Suites, 2085 Hylan Dr, Henrietta, ☏ +1 585 334-6620. 100% non-smoking studio suites. Indoor pool and spa, free Wi-Fi access, complimentary breakfast. $120-130.
Doubletree Hotel Rochester (Holidome), 1111 Jefferson Rd, Henrietta (at I-390 and Rt 15A), ☏ +1 585 475-1510, fax: +1 585 427-8673. A nice hotel with an incredible six-story glass arboretum (the hotel was called the "Holidome" when it was a Holiday Inn). Well worth stopping in just to see the foliage and landscaping inside. $100-145.
The area code for Rochester and the surrounding area is 585. You don't need to dial the area code locally.
Despite Rochester's strong technology base and highly educated citizenry, you won't find much in the way of public Internet access. Perhaps that's because so many residents have access right in their homes. For public access, your best bets are coffee houses (for Wi-Fi connections) and libraries (for public terminals and Wi-Fi). There are very few, if any, dedicated Internet cafes.
The area's main post office is actually south of the city, in Henrietta:
Rochester Post Office, 1335 Jefferson Rd, Henrietta, ☏ +1 585 272-5953, fax: +1 585 272-5870. M-F 7AM-7PM, Sa 8AM-2PM.
Like most other cities, Rochester is generally safe but there are areas that are more prone to crime than others. Potentially dangerous areas exist in the northeast and southwest city neighborhoods. However, there is nothing in these neighborhoods of any particular interest to non-residents so it is unlikely that the average visitor would encounter these areas. Use common sense and situational awareness and crime will not be a problem.
The suburban areas of Rochester generally enjoy a low crime rate.
The US Border Patrol has a significant presence in Rochester (arguably more so than Buffalo, which is physically located on the US-Canadian border) and regularly patrol public transit and long distance buses and trains. Persons approached by an officer will be asked their country of citizenship and if not a US Citizen, for their passport, I-94 card or visa (if applicable.) Having these documents handy will prevent delays, see United States of America#Border Patrol.
The presence of Rochester Regional Health and the University of Rochester Medical Center means the Rochester area enjoys access to very high-quality health care. If you need medical assistance, there are several local hospitals:
Strong Memorial Hospital, 601 Elmwood Ave, ☏ +1 585 275-2100.
Rochester General Hospital, 1425 Portland Ave, ☏ +1 585 922-4000.
Highland Hospital, 1000 South Ave, ☏ +1 585 473-2200.
Unity Hospital, 1555 Long Pond Rd, Greece, ☏ +1 585 723-7000.
Newark-Wayne Community Hospital, 1200 Driving Park Avenue, ☏ +1 315 332-2022.
The region also has numerous urgent care facilities, open during business hours, that can handle minor medical needs to relieve pressure on the hospital emergency rooms. Notable among these:
Behavioral Health Access & Crisis Center, 89 Genesee St (enter from Chili Ave, just W of Genesee St), ☏ +1 595 368-3950. M-F 8AM-10PM (pilot hours). Rochester Regional Health (the parent of Rochester General and Unity Hospitals) operates this facility, which serves a similar purpose as urgent care centers, but for mental health. They can treat non-life-threatening mental health issues (including addiction and relationship problems) or at least connect you with other resources.
Call 911 in case of emergency. You can also text 911; be sure to provide a very specific location, as the dispatcher won't automatically receive location information.
The local daily newspaper is the Democrat and Chronicle. $1 daily, $3 Sundays. On Thursdays, they publish a special section called ROCWeekend with extensive entertainment listings for the next several days. The D&C also publishes Rochester Magazine, a monthly glossy with feature articles on local events, culture, food, and home.
The local alternative weekly is City Newspaper, while Post is a bimonthly magazine with stories that seek out people around Rochester who are dreaming big and making things happen, usually under the radar.
(585) is a bimonthly glossy magazine covering the entire Rochester region, a broader geographic focus than Rochester Magazine.
For business news, the Rochester Business Journal provides comprehensive weekly coverage, while The Daily Record is published every weekday.
When a blizzard arrives, or other significant news hits, Rochesterians turn en masse to radio station WHAM, 1180 AM. George Eastman himself came up with the catchy call letters for Rochester's 50,000-watt clear-channel station. It remains the local gold standard for school closings and other emergency information. In calmer times, WHAM runs a lineup of syndicated and local conservative talk programs, including Rush Limbaugh from 1-4PM.
For the morning drive-time, locals who want some strong radio with their coffee turn to WAIO ( FM), and listen to long-time radio personality Brother Wease, the outspoken, liberal host of one of the longest (and longest-running) morning shows in America. Some of Wease's former colleagues from his many years at WCMF ( FM) are still on their morning show, known as the Break Room. Those looking for less intense morning fare go with the WHAM Morning News, or Tony Infantino on WRMM, Warm  FM.
WGMC, Jazz  FM, is one of the last remaining full-time jazz stations in the country, although on the weekends they mix in some ethnic flavor.
For specific genres of radio:
National Public Radio: WXXI 1370 AM
Jazz: WGMC  FM, WJZR  FM
Country: WBEE  FM, WNBL  FM
Classic rock: WAIO  FM, WCMF  FM
Modern rock: WZNE  FM, WBER  FM
Top 40: WPXY  FM, WKGS  FM
College: WITR , WRUR  FM
Libraries are your best bet for public Internet access, unless you can find a Wi-Fi hot spot elsewhere. Fortunately, the city and its suburbs have an excellent network of libraries, the Monroe County Library System. There are a total of eleven library branches in the city, and more than twenty in the suburbs. If you want to check out any materials, there's a $30 annual membership fee for non-residents of the county.
Central Library of Rochester and Monroe County, 115 South Ave (park in Court St garage), ☏ +1 585 428-7300. M-W F 10AM-6PM, Th 11AM-7PM, Sa 10AM-5PM, Su 1-5PM. This is the main library for the county, and the biggest of the branches. It's split between two buildings on opposite sides of South Ave; there's a tunnel connecting them.
Rochester has many places of worship of different religions and denominations. The  Interfaith Chapel at the University of Rochester sits on the banks of the Genesee River; it houses services of different religions and denominations. There are many others to be sure in Rochester as well as surrounding towns and suburbs
Here are a few of the many worship places within the Christian Community; If you're looking for a lively Protestant church in the heart of downtown,
Bethel Christian Fellowship on 321 East Avenue and Broad Street which seats a good number of worshipers.
New Song Church, which meets in an auditorium at Monroe Community College because it lacks a building of its own, offers a very modern and youth-oriented service. Both of these churches are popular with college students.
A bit down the street from Bethel, you'll find a more traditional service at  Asbury First United Methodist Church (1050 East Ave.), recognized for wonderful formal music.
Speaking of music,  Pearce Memorial Church features many musicians from the Roberts Wesleyan College community. Take 490 way out west to the North Chili exit, and follow the signs right for Roberts Wesleyan.
Tucked almost in the heart of downtown,  Lutheran Church of the Incarnate Word is a cozy place 597 East Avenue. Walk across the street afterward for lunch at the Spot.
Also downtown, next door to the Geva Theatre is  St. Mary's Catholic church. This church has beautiful architecture to behold. Across the street is the  Universalist church which also is interesting to visit. A popular Catholic Church,  St. Pius X, is at 3010 Chili Avenue, which is the western continuation of Main street (take the expressway to avoid lights; it's between the airport exit and Chili Center).  St. Stanislaus on Hudson Avenue preserves Polish culture and European architecture.
A few miles west of downtown, visible from 490, is an exuberant Spanish congregation:  Iglesia La Luz Del Mundo, 200 Child Street.
Also within the Christian community are two messianic congregations:  Petah Tikvah on Doncaster and  Shema Yisrael. If you follow 590 North up to the Webster exit, turn right at the first street. Shema Yisrael is on 250 Edgewood Ave.
Other houses of Christian worship include Baptist, and  Christian Science.
Within the Jewish community there are more than a dozen welcoming synagogues and communal services available within a few miles of downtown.
The largest Conservative synagogue is  Temple Beth El on South Winton Road. The largest Reform synagogue is  Temple B'rith Kodesh on 2131 Elmwood Avenue in the Town of Brighton which is adjacent to Rochester and minutes from downtown. It too has very interesting design.
Temple Sinai is a Reform congregation on Penfield Rd. also a hop and a skip on East Avenue from downtown. It has a beautiful sanctuary with a wall of glass looking out to the natural beauty outside.
Beth Sholom, Rochester's largest modern Orthodox and Zionist synagogue, is at 1161 Monroe Avenue, near downtown.
Light of Israel, Rochester's only Sephardic minyan, in Beth Sholom at 1161 Monroe Avenue, welcomes all. It preserves the distinctive beauty of ancient mizrachi (mideast) worship.
Chabad 1037 S. Winton Rd is in the heart of Brighton at 12 Corners and has branches at the University of Rochester and in Pittsford.
Other synagogues are:  Congregation Etz Chaim (reform) in Fairport, about 15 minutes from downtown,  Beth Hamedresh-Beth Israel (Conservative), on East Avenue,  Temple Beth David (Conservative),  Beth Hakneses Hachodosh (Orthodox),  Temple Emanuel (Reform) and there are others.
The Jewish community is also served by Kosher food restaurants: the  Jewish Home (2021 S Winton Rd), Malek's Kosher Bakery (1795 Monroe Avenue),  Lipman's Kosher Market (1482 Monroe Avenue) and several grocery stores such as  Wegmans on Monroe Avenue and  Tops on S Clinton Avenue.
There are also Hindu, Muslim and Bahai communities in Rochester.
First and foremost, you'll want to check out the many attractions in Rochester's immediate suburbs, especially the canal communities of Fairport and Pittsford on the east side and Brockport and Spencerport to the west. There's also much to be seen in suburbs such as East Rochester and Victor.
Rochester is also the perfect jumping-off point for forays into the incredible Finger Lakes region of New York. Several destinations in that region stand out:
Canandaigua — only a little over half an hour from Rochester by car, this small city offers excellent lake-front activities, a nice small water park, and the beautiful Sonnenberg Gardens
Letchworth State Park — "The Grand Canyon of the East" features a second set of three waterfalls on the Genesee, mirroring Rochester's trio; the Mount Morris Dam is also a sight to see
Seneca Falls — a cradle of the women's rights movement, this village houses the Women's Rights National Historical Park and is a great place to visit after seeing Susan B. Anthony's home in Rochester
Only about 90 minutes away from Rochester is one of the world's greatest natural attractions, the spectacular Niagara Falls; if you've never been, you owe it to yourself to take this easy day trip. You could also swing by Buffalo, the state's second-largest city and home to historic architecture, major league sports, and plenty of Buffalo wings. To the east, Syracuse is also 90 minutes away.
For onward travel, New York City and the scenic Adirondack mountains are both a six hour car trip to the east. Cosmopolitan Toronto, Ontario, Canada, is even closer by and can be reached by a three-hour drive around Lake Ontario.
Buffalo ← Buffalo (Depew) ←
→ Syracuse → Albany (Rensselaer)
Cleveland ← Buffalo (Depew) ←
→ Syracuse → Albany (Rensselaer)
Buffalo via ← Le Roy ←
This city travel guide to Rochester has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!