Rosario is the third largest city in Argentina and the largest city in Santa Fe province, at the Paraná river. It is known for its rich architectural heritage and beautiful riverside scenery, and offers a vibrant cultural and night life.
The city itself has about  million inhabitants, but considering the suburbs it rivals Córdoba in importance, with about  million living in the metro area. Economically it is the second most important port of the country and an important industrial hub, with a large and renowned university. In modern times, it is also known as the hometown of famous Argentinian fútbol world champions Lionel Messi and Ángel Di María; there are numerous murals of them around the city. The local derby, Rosario Central vs Newell's Old Boys, is also one of the most iconic in South America, and indeed of world football.
The third most populated city of the country, Rosario is gradually becoming a tourism destination. The attractive city center has some of the finest art nouveau buildings in Argentina. Also, Rosario has developed a good skyline in the area near the river. There are lots of beautiful parks, good riverside beaches for the hot summer days, and many museums.
Rosario has a reputation for being one the most liberal and tolerant cities of the country. It has a vibrant LGBT scene and is governed by left-wing mayors since the 1980s.
Being located at a major drug-trafficking route, Rosario has a somewhat bad reputation for being a hub of crime - one of the nicknames is Little Chicago - but tourists normally won't get affected, as the problematic neighborhoods are well outside of the city center and the interesting areas for tourists are not more dangerous than in Buenos Aires or Córdoba.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmSources: NOAA and UNLP (sun only). See weather forecast at Servicio Meteorológico Nacional
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Rosario has a temperate climate, and is known for changeable weather conditions. The average annual high is °C (°F) and the low is °C (°F). The annual rainfall is 1,038 mm ( in). Summers are hot and humid with thunderstorms that can bring a lot of precipitation. However, sunny days are common. Spring and fall have pleasant weather, featuring warm days and cool nights. Winters are generally cool though occasional cold air masses from the south can cause temperatures to drop below freezing. However, sunny weather and warm days can also occur during winters.
There are daily flights (50 min) from Buenos Aires Aeroparque Airport and Ezeiza Airport, although still the more convenient way to get into the city is to hire transport at EZE Airport. It is a four hour trip. There are also flights from/to Brazil, Perú, Panama, and Uruguay.
Trenes Argentinos runs a daily train from Buenos Aires. After a renovation in 2015 the service is improving slowly, but compared to buses the train is still slower. Additionally, twice a week there are trains from Córdoba (via Villa María) and San Miguel de Tucumán (via Santiago del Estero). These trains are still very cheap, but slow and you must reserve your ticket well in advance. Train services from the provincial capital Santa Fe are still suspended.
Rosario has two railway stations, in general disembarking at Rosario North is preferable as it's closer to downtown.
Rosario North railway station (Estación Rosario Norte), Av. del Valle 2730 (About 1,5 km northeast of city centre). (updated Jun 2023)
Rosario South railway station (Estación Rosario Sur), Av. San Martín 6230 (In the southern suburbs). (updated Jun 2023)
Two freeways (autopistas) connect Rosario with Buenos Aires, Santa Fe, and to Cordoba. Locals take the bus, a remisse (a private taxi service), or hail one of the many taxis roaming the area.
The most cost-effective and convenient way of travelling in Argentina. Rosario is approximately a four hour bus journey from the capital Buenos Aires, and there are many buses departing daily from the Rosario bus station to almost every city in the country. It is also possible to travel by bus to southern Brazil, Chile, Peru, and Bolivia. EGA bus lines operates a daily bus direct to Montevideo, leaving at 23:50 and arriving in Montevideo at 08:30 next morning.
Mariano Moreno bus station (Terminal de Ómnibus Mariano Moreno), Cafferata 702 (2 km west of the city centre). The main bus terminal. (updated Jun 2023)
The only forms of public transportation in Rosario are above ground: the bus system and a trolleybus line. As in other Argentine cities, there is a system with rechargeable prepaid cards.
Rosario is one of the most bicycle-friendly cities in Argentina. The cycleway network is almost as large as the Buenos Aires one, although the city is significantly smaller, and the flat topography makes the city ideal for using this kind of transport. There is a public bicycle renting system in the city centre, Tu Bici Mi Bici, with automatic stations.
Rosario has a plethora of very inexpensive taxis all over the city. In the city center and surrounding areas, you should have no problem finding a taxi at any hour of the day between 7:30am-midnight. On weekends, taxis are very easily accessible much later in the night. Due to their ease of accessibility and their relatively low cost, taxis are an excellent way to get to know the city.
Historical journey through the boulevards, appreciating the city's architectural wealth
National Flag Memorial (Monumento Histórico Nacional a la Bandera), Sta Fe 581, ☏ +54-341-480-2238, info@monumentoalabandera.gob.ar. Built in 1957 to commemorate Manuel Belgrano, the creator of the Argentina flag, one of the great Libertadores during the Latin American wars of independence. (updated May 2017)
El Che Guevara birthplace house, corner of Urquiza St and Entre Rios St. The house where Ernesto Guevara was born. As of 2019, it's not open to the public. (updated Sep 2019)
Parque de la Independencia. One of the biggest parks in the country (updated Sep 2019)
Estadio Gigante de Arroyito. Rosario Central's home ground hosted matches of the 1978 World Cup. (updated Sep 2019)
Paseo del Siglo. pedestrian section of Cordoba Street, from Bv. Oroño to the Flag Memorial (updated Sep 2019)
Paseo del Caminante (near La Florida beach). (updated Sep 2019)
Parque de España. (updated Sep 2019)
Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of the Rosary (Basílica catedral de Nuestra Señora del Rosario), Buenos Aires 789. (updated Jun 2023)
It has a great variety of museums from art to science and natural history
Dr. Julio Marc Provincial Historical Museum (Museo Histórico Provincial Dr. Julio Marc). (updated Jun 2023)
Juan B. Castagnino Fine Arts Museum (Museo de Bellas Artes Juan B. Castagnino). (updated Jun 2023)
Museum of Contemporary Art of Rosario (Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Rosario). (updated Jun 2023)
Firma y Odilo Estévez Municipal Decorative Art Museum (Museo Municipal de Arte Decorativo Firma y Odilio Estévez). (updated Jun 2023)
Museum of the City of Rosario Wladimir Mikielievich (Museo de la Ciudad de Rosario Wladimir Mikielievich). (updated Jun 2023)
Memorial Museum (Museo de la Memoria). (updated Jun 2023)
Dr. Ángel Gallardo Provincial Natural Sciences Museum (Museo Provincial de Ciencias Naturales Dr. Ángel Gallardo). (updated Jun 2023)
Santa Fe Sports Museum (Museo del Deporte Santafesino), Ayacucho 4800. (updated Jun 2023)
Rosario is swimming with things to do for both tourists and locals. Providing an adventurous variety of services such as:
kayaking, biking, skydiving, horseback riding, sailboating, Spanish classes, dance classes in both folklore and tango, guitar and drum classes, as well as capoeira and many others.
You can go to the beach at the river's edge, locally referred to as La Florida, to enjoy a cold drink on a summer's day, or cross the river to the island and spend a day at the beach. Either way you will find a wide variety of bars and restaurants with a spectacular view of the Parana!
Also known for their nightlife, which amazingly starts around 02:00 (with luck) and ends as the sun is coming up, Rosario counts on a large variety of night clubs and discos to dance the night away!
Rosario is also known as the Salsa Capital of Argentina. Wednesdays and Sundays are the most popular days at Willie Dixon's.
City Center Rosario, Bv. Oroño y Av. Circunvalación, ☏ +54 800-222-2489. Rosario is home to the largest casino in South America. Apart from gambling, City Center offers concerts and events on a daily basis. (updated May 2017)
Polyglot Meetings. You can meet locals at a weekly gathering. The meetings are part of Language Exchange International and Polyglot Club.
Islands. take a boat from passenger terminal near Flag Memorial (updated Sep 2019)
Acuario del Río Paraná, Av. Eduardo Carrasco S/N. Lots of cichlids on display, plus special attention to the Parana River ecosystem.
American travellers might be surprised to see that many of the goods sold in “el centro” (city centre / downtown), are much like that in any mall. Goods that might interest travellers, however, are the leather handbags, wallets, belts, and accessories. A must-see shop in that area is Raices, the perfect shop to pick up a purse or mate set.
Also note that, although the currency difference, apparel, shoes, handbags, etc., are not that much cheaper than in the US. If you're looking for a bargain, stick to the street vendors and artisans posted up around El Centro and the park surrounding the Argentine Flag Monument.
A great store not found in Buenos Aires (possibly anywhere in Argentina) is called Underworld. It is found in a number of locations in Rosario and stocks different and interesting t-shirts and other funky clothes and accessories for girls.
Alto Rosario is a shopping center that contains a large grocery store, clothing stores, electronics stores, convenience stores, a food court, and anything else you might imagine to be in a standard mall. The Alto Rosario is a great place to get all your shopping needs in one place. It is located at Junín 501.
Mercado del Patio, Cafferata 729. Gastronomy market, where you can buy and eat any number of things. (updated Jul 2021)
Rincon Vegetarian Restaurant (Mitre St between Córdoba St and Santa Fe St). For ARS11 you get an all-you-can-eat buffet with all sorts of innovative vegetarian goodies. Good if you want a break from steak.
Parrilla la Estancia, Av. Pellegrini 1510 (Av Pellegrini and España St), ☏ +54 341 449-8052. Great asado, empanada, and wine dinner. (updated May 2017)
On Rosario there are various places where you can to eat burgers.
The city of Rosario is known as the capital of handcrafted ice cream.
Ice cream in Touche de Creme, Rosario.
Touche de Creme, Zeballos 953, ☏ +54 341 679-1214. 16:00-23:00. (updated Mar 2019)
Rosario is known for having big nightclub nights all week long. Ask around to find out where the hip place is for the night you want to go out and don't plan to be home until the morning. It is also famous for having a disproportionately large woman/man ratio (more women). Craft beer is also becoming very popular among the locals, and many microbreweries are popping up around the city.
Rock & Feller's, Bv Oroño 106, ☏ +54 341 423-4002. Big, high-energy, rock-and-roll themed bar/restaurant. Very popular among the young and trendy crowd. Has great drink specials and bar food. Located on one of Rosario's busiest streets, the Oroño Boulevard.
Cool Raul Hostel, 1670 San Lorenzo. A great hostel with a relaxed atmosphere and super friendly hosts right near the main shopping strip. A fun, chill place to meet people and hang out. Minihostels members receive a 10% discount.
Hostel Allegro Piu, Crespo 978 (Close to terminal), ☏ +54 437-5972, +54 430-0848. Big, clean, good facilities and boring.
Livin' Residence Rosario, 3 de Febrero 2505, ☏ +54 341 5301717, rosario@livinresidence.com. Offers guests ten apartment units.
With some common sense, the average tourist should have no problem staying out of trouble in Rosario. While the city has gotten a somewhat bad reputation for gang violence in the past, this gang violence is very unlikely to affect travelers. One problem that does occasionally affect both locals and travelers, however, is theft, which has been on the rise over the last couple of years. Many locals and travelers have reported having their belongings such as wallets, phones and jewelry stolen by assailants, sometimes even in broad daylight. To avoid this, one should be extra vigilant when walking in places that are not too busy, especially at night. Try and make sure you only venture in crowded areas. Should you be the victim of a mugging, cooperate with the assailant's demands by handing over what he is requesting (refusing to cooperate can lead to further consequences), promptly leave the area, and report the incident to the police. While the police may be unlikely to help you recover your belongings and arrest the assailant, police in Rosario are generally friendly and willing to help.
One should also be extra careful to not venture into or around the slums, or "villas" as the locals call them. These villas are no place for a tourist, as they can sometimes be the hotbed for crime and house Rosario's most impoverished residents. They are usually scattered throughout the outskirts of the city, though there are some not too far from the city center such as the one in between streets Vera Mujica and Av. Francia Bis. in the north of the city not far from the Alto Rosario shopping center.
Bolivia, Ovidio Lagos No 711, corner of Santa Fé/Córdoba, ☏ +54 341 4352 040, colivian_rosario@citinet.net.ar. M–F 08:30–16:00.
This city travel guide to Rosario is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.