Rotorua is the geothermal wonderland of New Zealand, with easily experienced Māori culture, and a range of outdoor adventure activities.
The hot springs and geysers of the city and region have attracted tourists for over a hundred years. Though some say Rotorua is past its prime as a tourist playground, others find the slight "rough around the edges" character of the town to be part of its charm. Today, many visitors are also attracted by the Māori culture that is more dominant here than in many other parts of the country. Outdoor enthusiasts enjoy mountain biking, whitewater rafting, luge riding and Zorbing (rolling down a hill inside a plastic orb).
Rotorua city and its usual geothermal steam
Geothermal water hazard on the golf course
Rotorua with Mount Tarawera in the far background
The name Rotorua comes from the Māori language and means "two lakes" or "second lake" (roto = lake, rua = two). Its full name is Te Rotorua-nui-a-Kahumatamomoe, meaning "the second great lake of Kahumatamomoe". The city sits on the southern shores of Lake Rotorua, and there are several other lakes nearby. So along with the geothermal wonders, many water-based activities such as fishing, boating and white water rafting are available.
Rotorua is built over a geothermal hot spot. There are numerous natural vents, hot pools and other geothermal features in and around the city. Many of these are in parks and reserves. Natural eruptions of steam, hot water and mud occasionally occur in new locations. Many places have their own private geothermal bores for heating and water for bathing although the private use of naturally occurring geothermal water and steam is controlled.
Geologically, Rotorua is in the middle of the Taupo Volcanic Zone, named after Lake Taupo, the largest volcano in the area. This geologically active zone produces the heat that is needed to drive all the geothermal activity. Along with many volcanic hills and mountains, the zone contains several major volcanic calderas (large subsidence craters). These are important for tourism because they host the region's largest lakes (including Lake Taupo and Lake Rotorua), and because geothermal activity tends to occur around their edges. Rotorua caldera, some 22 km (14 mi) across, contains the city and Mount Ngongotaha as well as the lake. It was created in a huge eruption around a quarter of a million years ago.
The Rotorua district has a significant indigenous Māori population - some 38 percent of Rotorua residents are Māori or of Māori descent.
With Rotorua's concentration of geothermal features, a significant amount of hydrogen sulfide is released into the air and the city has a distinctive "rotten eggs" smell.
Rotorua is a 3-hour drive (non-stop) south of Auckland, with several nice towns and villages along the way. There are two main routes: the first is via Hamilton, initially on State Highway 1, then joining State Highway 5 at Tirau. The other is via Matamata on State Highway 2 and 27, leaving SH 1 at Pokeno (50 km south of central Auckland) and rejoining it at Tirau. The Matamata route has lighter traffic and is probably more interesting for travellers, but the road is of a lower standard than SH 1. A third option to get amongst the rural farmland is to travel via Te Aroha and then south along old Te Aroha Road, stopping to see Wairere Falls. Be careful on the narrow windy unpainted roads.
There are two options from Tauranga. One is via SH 2 then SH 33, arriving in the city from the northeast. The other is SH 36 via Pyes Pa, arriving in the city from the northwest. Allow around 1 hour for either way non-stop.
From Wellington, follow State Highway 1 north to Taupo, then take State Highway 5. Allow 6 hours non-stop.
Rotorua Regional Airport (ROT IATA). Air New Zealand has regular flights between Rotorua Airport and Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch (and onwards to Queenstown without changing planes). Sunair has flights to Gisborne.
Bus services are provided by Intercity. All services arrive and depart from the main tourist information centre, i-SITE, on 1167 Fenton Street. Services can also be booked there.
Backpacker coach services tend to do pick-ups from the major hostels.
The same routes apply as for car drivers. Rotorua is 300 m (985 ft) above sea level, therefore a trip to the Bay of Plenty (Tauranga, Whakatane or Papamoa) will be a mainly downhill trip of 70-100 km (44-62 mi). Travelling north towards Waikato also will be downhill to near sea level; conversely a trip to Taupo will be an up and down affair with some challenging climbs.
Cityride, operated by Baybus. Phone number: 0800 4 229 28. There is a limited bus service. The buses are lime green in colour and branded "CityRide". The main terminus is at the corner of Fenton Street/Arawa Street (near the i-SITE). These buses operate several routes from one side of the city to the other, including Ngongotaha (handy for accessing the Skyline, Rainbow Springs and Agrodome attractions), the Institute of Technology or 'Polytech' as the bus will say (Te Puia is across the main SH5 road), and the airport. The standard fare is $ regardless of how far you travel. Books of tickets can be bought at discounted rates. Most bus services seem to stop operating at about 6PM (M–F).
A circuit bus operated by national sightseeing operator GreatSights New Zealand visits several iconic Rotorua attractions including Te Puia, Rainbow Springs Nature Park and the Agrodome.
There are three or four reputable taxi companies, all metered, and a shuttle bus operator with trailer for larger groups.
Rotorua is a cyclists' paradise; as well as boasting some of the best off-road mountain bike tracks in the world, it has no less than seven quality cycle stores, with six in the CBD and the Outdoorsman Headquarters on Tarawera Rd. In addition several shops provide cycle hire, notably Lady Jane's ice cream parlour near the lakefront. Cycling is generally safe, as many roads have wide verges.
As one of New Zealand's busiest tourist centres there are a variety of attractions ranging from free to quite expensive.
Kuirau Park Thermal Pools (corner of Pukuatua and Ranolf streets). This city park in the heart of Rotorua is riddled with boiling-hot natural water and mud pools, all of them safely cordoned off with low fences for safe viewing (except for the large duck pond, which still bubbles a bit but isn't very inviting for swimmers in any case). Probably not as impressive as the two paid geothermal parks at the edge of town, but definitely worth a visit if you're not going to either of those. Near the center of the park are two "footbaths", where hot water from the natural thermal springs is channeled into knee-deep concrete basins with seating around the edges. Sticking your feet in is encouraged, and sitting down in the hot water is allowed, but keep your head above the surface to avoid potentially dangerous illnesses from the untreated water. The entire park including the footbaths is free and open 24 hours, but be aware that there are some reports of crime here after dark, and that the water supply to the footbaths switches from hot to cold water later in the evening, so the temperature might be disappointingly cool if you arrive later at night. (updated Dec 2022)
Government Gardens is an immaculate park near the CBD, containing the city museum (closed since November 2016 following an earthquake; to be reopened once the structural integrity has been improved) and the famous Blue Baths. Nearby is the Sportsdrome and one of the many golf courses.
The Lakes – there are 14 to choose from. Lake Rotorua gives its name to the city, and boat trips can be arranged to Mokoia Island in the centre. The lakefront has a scenic promenade from where you can see Mokoia Island. Floatplane and helicopter scenic flights can be taken from the lakefront. A cheaper alternative is to take the Amphibious truck from Fenton St, which does a 90-minute tour of several of the main lakes. All the lakes are stocked with trout and fishing is very popular.
Motutara (Sulphur Bay). Fantastic walkway starting just beyond the Government Gardens. The walkway passes through several geothermal hot springs and sulphur vents (the posted warnings to stay on the pathway at all times are no joke). The bay itself hosts many waterbirds and other wildlife.
Okere Falls – approximately 20 km (12 mi) out of the city towards Tauranga on SH33 you will pass the end of Lake Rotoiti; most of the 14 lakes flow into Rotoiti, which itself heads off to the Bay of Plenty, descending nearly 305 m (1000 ft) in less than 30 km (19 mi). For this reason it boasts some spectacular white water challenges available to the adventure-seeking traveller. These range from dual kayaks, to white water sledging (hurling yourself down stream with a life jacket and float), or rafting (see Do section). Tutea Falls is the world's largest/highest commercially rafted fall; with a 7-m (23-ft) drop, on average every fourth boat flips! If you don't want to get wet there is a pleasant 6-km (4-mi) walk through the forest where you can see the activities at close hand. There are also some small caves where glow worms can be found.
Redwoods – Whakarewarewa Forest. Accessible either from Tarawera Rd (where there is a visitor centre) or from SH5 on the Taupo Highway. In around 1900, New Zealand began a program of planting imported trees to see which species grows best in NZ. A 6-hectare grove of majestic redwoods is surrounded by forest with other types of trees. Spectacular walks, mountain bike tracks (over 60 km/37 mi in total) and riding trails. Bikes can be hired from bike shops in the city, although Planet Bike also usually have a truck with hire gear at the main car park.
Rotorua Walkway. A 26-km (16-mi) scenic walkway around Rotorua incorporating most of the above as well as several other parks and sights. Pick up a brochure for a map and explanations or download one in PDF format from the district council website in the preceding link.
Street Art. While taking a stroll through the CBD, keep your eyes peeled for the street art that can be found in small office carparks or service lanes. If you need to kill time, you may be able to find all of the four or five artworks. There are also some fine murals which are overlooked by most tourists and locals alike, such as one of the Pink and White Terraces.
Agrodome, 141 Western Rd, Ngongotaha (off SH 5, 10 km north of central Rotorua), ☏ +64 7 357-1050. An agricultural park with farm animals, shows and exhibitions describing rural life in New Zealand both past and present. The sheep show and the farm tour can be an exceptional experience, especially for younger children. It is also home to the Freefall Experience simulator, the North Island's highest bungee jump, a jet boat ride and the ubiquitous Zorb - where you are sealed in an inflatable ball and rolled down a steep hill! Adults from $25, children (5-15) from $15. (updated Dec 2021)
Buried Village, 1180 Tarawera Rd (15 km from central Rotorua), ☏ +64 7 362-8287. Summer: daily 10AM-4PM; winter daily 10AM-3:45PM. Self-descriptive, the village was swamped with ash by the nearby Mt. Tarawera in the massive 1886 eruption that killed 153 people. Adults $25, children $10. (updated Dec 2021)
Rainbow Springs Nature Park, 192 Fairy Springs Rd, ☏ +64 7 350-0440, toll-free: 0800-724-626. Daily 8:30AM-late. Beautifully landscaped nature park featuring sculptured ponds with koi fish and gardens including kiwi birds and other native New Zealand animals. Adults from $40, children (3-15) from $30.
Te Puia, Hemo Rd (SH 30), ☏ +64 7 348-9047, toll-free: 0800-837-842. W–Su 10:30AM–4PM and from 9PM. Home to the Whakarewarewa Valley of geothermal activity, including bubbling mud pools and geysers. There are guided tours through the park, including the geothermal areas, the marae, and the kiwi conservation centre. There are also Māori cultural experiences such as traditional dances and meals for an additional charge. Day pass: adult $39, child (5-15) $20; geyser by night: adult $50, child $25. (updated Dec 2021)
Waimangu Volcanic Valley, 587 Waimangu Rd (off SH 5, 25 km south of central Rotorua), ☏ +64 7 366-6137. Daily from 8:30AM. Born from the massive 1886 eruption of Mt Tarawera, this is the world’s newest geothermal eco-system, and an exciting and dramatic destination that the whole family can enjoy. Whatever your age or fitness level, you'll find something that suits you – self guided and guided easy walks, advanced hikes and boat cruise experiences, ranging in duration from 45 minutes to over 4 hours. If you want outdoor activity, peaceful New Zealand bush, unique ecology, rare botany and stunning geothermal features, then Waimangu is the 'must do' experience. It is easily accessible, just 20 minutes south of Rotorua, and 40 minutes north of Taupo. Adults from $30, children (6-15) from $5. (updated Dec 2021)
A boiling pool in Wai-O-Tapu Thermal Wonderland
Wai-O-Tapu Thermal Wonderland, 201 Waiotapu Loop Rd, Waiotapu (off SH 5, 31 km south of central Rotorua), ☏ +64 7 366-6333. Closed for renovation as of Dec 2021. A great park to see a variety of geothermal landscapes and active volcano activities, including the Lady Knox Geyser, which is a famous geyser that erupts daily to heights of 10 to 20 m (33-66 ft). Adults $, children (5-15) $11. (updated Dec 2021)
Whakarewarewa Thermal Village, 17 Tryon St, Whakarewarewa, ☏ +64 7 349-3463. Daily 9AM-4PM (closed Xmas day). The main competitor to Te Puia – ironically two Māori iwi competing with similar attractions. Good, and appears less developed and maybe more "authentic" than the next door Te Puia. Self-guided walk: adult $30, child (5-15) from $12; guided tour: adult $40, child $17. (updated Dec 2021)
Wingspan National Bird of Prey Centre, 1334 Paradise Valley Rd, Ngongotaha (off SH 5, just before the Agrodome), ☏ +64 7 357-4469. Th–Su 11:30AM. Endangered New Zealand falcon, plus harrier hawks and owls. Flight display runs for an hour. Adult $30, child $15, seniors $25. (updated Dec 2021)
Your best bet is to expend some energy taking in some of the many day-time activities such as land-sledding down Mt Ngongotaha at Skyline Skyrides Luge Ride, heli-touring or hiking through the abundance of parks often alongside thermal vents. Nearby is the curious forest of California Redwoods that was planted last century and has thrived in the ideal climate so that it appears to have been there for many centuries. The forest in this area has been developed to provide world-class mountain biking tracks, some of which were used for the 2006 World Championships. Rotorua hosts several other adventure activities such as Zorbing, indoor rock-climbing and whitewater rafting or sledging. When deciding if spending $20+ per person for entry to "Volcanic Caldera Areas" remember that there are many free parks that have very similar sights and smells, often with less walking and no charge.
One activity that is unique is the ability to play a round of golf amongst the mud pools. The Rotorua golf course has a public course where for $10 you can play 9 holes and attempt to avoid the mud pool hazards, a unique experience. The course is at the top of Fenton Street opposite Te Puea, the Maori Arts and Craft Institute and geyser.
The Bridge, aka Hot and Cold, aka Twin Streams, Waiotapu Loop Rd (southern end). An open-air bathing spot where hot and cold streams meet. About 40 km south of Rotorua on SH 5. (updated Jul 2016)
Hiking. Called "tramping" in NZ, there are a few worthwhile tracks nearby Rotorua for those keen to get out and about. Examples are the Mt Ngongotaha Jubilee Track (easy/moderate – great showcase of NZ flora but no views), the Rainbow Mountain Summit Track (moderate – a steep climb rewarded with great views over the plains south of Rotorua) or the Mangorewa Track (moderate/difficult – full track available in Summer only when water level is low, stunning river/rain forest scenery). The DOC website is usually a good start to find a track suitable to your experience and abilities; the i-Site can also help, sells hut tickets and may be able to assist with transport arrangements, since a car is needed to get to most tracks. (updated Feb 2019)
Kerosene Creek, Old Waiotapu Rd. A wild, naturally hot stream (about 37 °C) for open-air bathing. Head south on SH 5 for 30 km then turn left on the pot-holed Old Waiotapu Rd for another  km. Put valuables out of sight and lock your vehicle, as thefts can occur here. The bathing spots are 5 minutes walk from the road. (updated Jul 2016)
Polynesian Spa, 1000 Hinemoa St, ☏ +64 7 348-1328, toll-free: 0508-765-977. Daily 8AM-11PM. Provides a fusion of relaxing hot mineral spring bathing, spa therapies and picturesque lake views. Voted a World Top Ten Spa by Conde Nast Traveller magazine at the 2004-2007, and 2009 Annual Spa Awards. Relaxing hot mineral bathing is offered in 26 hot mineral spring pools in four areas – deluxe Lake Spa, adult pools & Priest Spa, private pools or Family Spa. The Lake Spa offers 4 alkaline mineral pools from 36-42°C (97-108°F). Well appointed changing facilities include towels, lockers, soap, shampoo and hairdryers, plus a lake view relaxation lounge with refreshments available. The adult pools & Priest Spa is a popular adult-only area with 4 alkaline mineral pools, plus 3 acidic mineral pools with waters from the Radium hot spring. Six of these seven pools have views over Lake Rotorua. Privacy is offered in one of 13 private pools, set at 39°C (102°F) and available for 30 minutes hire. The Family Spa offers a large geothermally-heated swimming pool (with a small hydro slide) plus two alkaline mineral pools. Set amid native flora, the exclusive Lake Spa Retreat is an inviting relaxation haven, providing an array of enticing massage, spa and hydro therapies. All spa therapies include Lake Spa bathing and start at $85 for a half hour (bookings are essential). Also includes a café that serves light cuisine, and a spa essentials store. Adults from $22, children (5-14) from $9.
Rafting. The Kaituna river might not be the biggest and wildest river in New Zealand, but it certainly offers a great opportunity for filling a morning or afternoon with adrenaline and fun: by going rafting, with world's highest commercially rafted waterfall (7 m / 23 ft) being the major draw. In summer, the lush jungle alongside the banks is most beautiful, and as the weather can get hot, a dip in the cool river (voluntarily or not) is often welcome. Rafting trips take around 2 ½ hours, of which 45 to 60 minutes are actual time spent on the water. There are a handful of companies to choose from: Kaitiaki Adventures, Kaituna Cascades, River Rats, Rotorua Rafting and Wet 'n Wild Raftingdead link. There are hardly any differences between the trips, with prices being between $95 and $109. This normally includes pick-up and drop-off in Rotorua's CBD, perhaps even at your accommodation, so enquire about this when booking.
Skyline Rotorua, Fairy Springs Rd (SH 5), ☏ +64 7 347-0027. Daily 9AM-late. Located on the outskirts of town, this gondola ride up Mt. Ngongotaha offers a panoramic view of Rotorua and the surrounding mountains. Adults from $30, children (5-14) from $15. (updated Feb 2018)
Waikite Valley Thermal Pools, 648 Waikite Valley Rd (25 minutes drive south of Rotorua). Daily 10AM-9PM. Natural geothermal water. Adult $, child 5-15 $9, under 5 $3. (updated Jul 2016)
There are numerous Maori arts and crafts on sale in the city centre and at the various tourist attractions. The quality varies from extremely professional contemporary artwork to cheap nick-nacks. Popular items include pounamu/greenstone (jade) or bone jewellery, traditional weapons and statues. This selection is accompanied by sheepskins and the normal tourist giftware of t-shirts, caps, mugs and pens plastered with "Rotorua", other words and pictures. More attractive and practical gifts can be found such as simple clothing (jackets, shirts, ties, caps) with abstract Maori designs on them.
There are numerous places to try the traditional Maori feast, the hangi. This "earthen oven" technique is similar to the Hawaiian umu and results in a very distinctive smoky, earthy flavour - well worth trying. Due to Rotorua's geothermally active ground, the local Maori tribes often make use of the geothermal heat for their hangi, instead of burying the food with heated rocks as is the standard practice elsewhere.
Rotorua has some nice cafes - good options include: Capers, Zippy's or the Fat Dog. The usual chains for pizzas and burgers can be found: they're generally on Amohau Street (SH 30A in the central city) and on Fairy Springs Road (SH 5 heading north out of the city).
Restaurants are slightly more scarce but several of the major hotels have good eating establishments (Novotel or Ridges on the raceway). The main centre for eating is the end of Tutanekai Street nearest the lake (known as Eat Street), but beware, even after 9PM you may find little left on the menu. Popular restaurants on Tutanekai Street include: Triple 1 Five, Indian Star, Wild Rice, Ambrosia and Atticus Finch.
Western food in Rotorua, like most of New Zealand, is confined to food with its roots either in the UK or US – think burgers, fries, American-style pizza, steak and the like. The only alternative are the few Italian places in town, which are usually of the fine-dining variety.
Abracadabra Café, 1263 Amohia St, ☏ +64 7 348-3883. Tu–Sa 7:30AM–9:30PM, Su 7:30AM–3PM. A favourite with many locals, this hip café, built mainly from wood, is rarely seen empty. One can sit on the terrace, inside with all the tasteful decoration or in the garden in the back. The staff is cheerful, and the menu consists predominantly of Kiwi classics with an American/Mexican touch – quality varies though and is average more often than not. $10–35 (mains). (updated Apr 2018)
Capers Epicuran, 1181 Eruera St, ☏ +64 7 348 8818. Daily 7AM–9:30PM. A popular café with a big selection of pastries and an attached store selling mostly health/organic food and beverages. Has a relaxed, comfortable atmosphere and good food that comes with hefty price tags. (updated Apr 2018)
Fat Dog Café & Bar, 1161 Arawa St, ☏ +64 7 347 7586. M–W Su 7AM–9PM, Th–Sa 7AM–9:30PM. The Fat Dog is almost always busy, being one of Rotorua's hippest cafés close to the centre of town. Similar to Abracadabra Café, the interior boasts appealing decoration and staff is young and cheerful. The food quality ranges from great to poor, depending on who you ask (and probably who's on kitchen duty). $–20 (mains). (updated Apr 2018)
Sabroso, 1184 Haupapa St, ☏ +64 7 349 0591. W–Su 5-9PM. With only five tables or so and open since 2007, Sabroso's is a bit of an institution, run by a friendly lady from Venezuela. A number of Latin/South American dishes is readily available, albeit at the same prices charged by Kiwi-style restaurants. Due to its size, it's best to book in advance. From $ (mains). (updated Apr 2018)
Urbano Bistro, 289 Fenton St, ☏ +64 7 349 3770. M–Sa 9AM-11PM, Su 9AM-3PM. Walking a few minutes south from the CBD edge on Fenton St, one will encounter the chic Urbano Bistro. It's decidedly classy and will serve modern NZ fare along with a choice of starters and desserts. The food is not overly inspiring, but of high quality and well-presented. From $ (breakfast & lunch mains)/$ (dinner mains). (updated Apr 2018)
Most buffet restaurants in Rotorua are associated with hotels, with few exceptions. They generally serve a mix of Western and Asian food of varying quality.
Atlas Café & Restaurant, 1272 Amohia St (inside Novotel Rotorua), ☏ +64 7 346 3888. Daily 11:30AM–3PM, 5:30–11PM. Second only to Stratosfare Restaurant, this hotel restaurant has a great, albeit smaller selection of Western and Asian food on its buffet. At almost half the price and with mostly matching quality, it's a good alternative if you feel like splurging on a dinner buffet - just don't expect great views despite the relative proximity to Lake Rotorua. $49 (all you can eat). (updated Apr 2018)
Gengy's Mongolian BBQ, 1272 Amohia St, ☏ +64 7 348 2022. Daily 5:30–9:30PM. Don't be fooled by the name - the only thing Mongolian here are the barrel-like barbecues on which your food is prepared on. You choose your ingredients from an all-you-can-eat buffet, take them to the chefs which will prepare them right in front of you. The results are of varying quality; if you feel you've experimented enough, there's also ice cream, pancakes and other sweet temptations. Popular with local Māori families who tend to bring a lot of relatives, so it pays to book in advance. Show your photo ID on your birthday to eat for $1 only (minimum four people in your group). (updated Apr 2018)
Stratosfare Restaurant & Bar, Fairy Springs Rd (SH 5), ☏ +64 7 347-0027. Lunch 11:30–2:30PM, dinner 5:30PM-late. Offers a full lunch and dinner buffet, arguably the best in town. The gondola ride up to the restaurant is included in the price, and you get a spectacular view of the sunset over the lake. Adults $66/$87 (lunch/dinner), children 3–14 years $35/$47 (lunch/dinner). (updated Jan 2019)
There's no shortage of Asian food in Rotorua, with plenty of Chinese and Indian restaurants especially. A row of the former consists of the bulk of the Amohau St block directly opposite the mall and caters almost exclusively to Chinese tour groups, with the accompanying inflated prices - a better experience can likely be had by seeking out the ones within the CBD area. Korean, Japanese and Thai food is also easy to find.
Sichuan Style, 1260–1262 Eruera St, ☏ +64 7 347-1661. Daily noon–10PM. While nearly all of Rotorua's Chinese restaurants cater to the ever increasing amount of Chinese tour groups, Sichuan Style's customers are mostly Chinese residents, and increasingly Kiwis and Western tourists looking for something different. An offshoot of the eponymous popular restaurant in Hamilton, it can get quite busy in the evenings. The noodle soups here are very good value for about $12, and ordering a whole fish in a red broth can fill a group of 3–4 people if ordered with rice. Be aware though, most dishes are very spicy, so let the staff know if you prefer something that a tongue not used to this can tolerate. $12–40 (mains). (updated Apr 2018)
Spring Festival Dumpling, 1240 Fenton St, ☏ +64 7 349 6996. Daily 11AM–2:30PM, 5-10PM. A restaurant specialising in Chinese dumplings – it became popular so quickly that you often have to book your table in advance. Dumplings are tasty and inexpensive, and there are a few other nice dishes on the menu worth trying, such as a Chinese-style pancake with savoury filling. (updated Apr 2018)
Seoul Restaurant, 1122 Pukuatua St, ☏ +64 7 349 1008. Daily 10AM–3PM, 5-10PM. The portions are small and the taste is lacklustre at best; the sometimes sombre ambience doesn't help either. (updated Apr 2018)
The Vnam Kitchen, 1220 Fenton St, ☏ +64 7 343 6998. Tu–Su 11AM–3PM, 5–9PM. The Vnam Kitchen is the place to go for a bowl of proper pho (beef/pork noodle soup); banh mi (baguette with savoury fillings) is also available. The food is tasty, authentic and inexpensive, a combination found rarely in NZ when it comes to Asian food. There are only five small tables, so come early. (updated Apr 2018)
Yaki Yaki, 1087 Hinemoa St, ☏ +64 7 350 2263. Daily 11AM–3PM, 5-9PM. A huge restaurant devoted to Korean-style BBQ. Has some sofa seating near the entrance door for dining in style. Rotorua's residents of Asian heritage seem to love this place, and it's not uncommon to see Westerners too. Almost everyone goes for the all-you-can-eat BBQ option, but you can also order single dishes, which are expensive. $25 (all you can eat). (updated Apr 2018)
Yamato Japanese Restaurant, 1123 Pukuatua St, ☏ +64 7 348-1938. Tu–Su noon-2PM, 6-9PM. A genuine Japanese restaurant in the heart of town. Staff is exclusively Japanese, with the accompanying courtesy and friendliness. At the bar, pick any of the different sushi rolls that are prepared right in front of you, or sit in the adjacent dining room to have your meal. The daily lunch special for $, where you build your own 4-dish set, is – considering where and what it is – great value. Dinner is more pricey, but usually good quality. From $14 (mains). (updated Apr 2018)
Rotorua is sometimes referred to as Roto-Vegas because of the many neon-lit hotels along the main street, the numerous venues for gambling and the few brothels. Strangely though, there isn't much nightlife to speak of. The Lava Bar is a good bet, alternatively try the Pig & Whistle or the Fat Dog Cafe. Heaven & Hell is the only nightclub in Rotorua and is popular with local adults.
There are many hotels, rental homes, backpackers, motor homes, camp grounds, motels and bed and breakfasts around Rotorua.
Hamurana Lodge, 415 Hamurana Rd, ☏ +64 7 332 2222, info@hamuranalodge.com. Hotel in a two-storey building with a restaurant featuring Mediterranean cuisine with ingredents grown in hotel's garden. Hidden in the hills of Rotorua, it accents luxurious comfort with vistas of mountains, Lake Rotorua and fragrant fields. Sleekly designed furnishings, stylish chairs, bright rugs and striking artwork are New Zealand in spirit and contemporary in style. Extra-spacious ensuite bathrooms include signature Hamurana Lodge features - a deep-soaking tub with glass walled shower, and a large vanity. This magnificent country estate is a pleasant 15-minute drive from the City of Rotorua and is the perfect option for the discerning traveller. Away from the main visitor hub, set in lush green countryside, the exclusive Lodge provides the ideal base for those wishing to experience New Zealand, the spiritual home of Maori culture and its world-renowned geothermal wonders.
Holiday Inn Rotorua (formerly Heritage Rotorua), 10 Tryon St, Whakarewarewa, ☏ +64 7 348-1189, toll-free: 0800-108-114. Four star plus hotel, with suites available. Pohutu Cultural Theatre with nightly Maori cultural show and traditional Maori feast. Free shuttle runs from hotel to i-Site office in town from 8AM-9PM.
Rydges Rotorua, 272 Fenton St (cnr Park St), ☏ +64 7 349-0099, toll-free: 0800-793-497. Located in a park-like setting on the edge of Arawa Racecourse, the hotel is within easy walking distance of the city centre, Rotorua Convention Centre, Rotorua churches and many of Rotorua's famous attractions and activities. Rydges Hotels and Resorts is an Australian owned and operated company.
Jet Park Hotel Rotorua (formerly Quality Inn), Cnr Fenton & Victoria Sts (within easy walking distance of shopping, restaurant and attractions), ☏ +64 7 350-2211, toll-free: 0800-336-866. 63-room, air-conditioned hotel.
Silver Fern Luxury Accommodation & Spa, 326 Fenton St (cnr Maida Vale St), ☏ +64 7 346-3849, toll-free: 0800-118-808. Located a short walk from the centre of Rotorua, the convention centre, and the new Rotorua Events Centre. It is in park-like grounds and spacious accommodation. Also incorporates a day spa.
Malfroy Motor Lodge, 51 Malfroy Rd, ☏ +64 7 346 8053. Check-in: 2PM, check-out: 10AM. Fully self-contained and serviced apartments set in pleasant gardens with a number of original artwork pieces by local artists. They have their own geothermal bore and mineral pool. Free wifi, off-street parking, and secure children's play area. $99-150.
The Springs, 16 Devon St (just off Fenton St in central city), ☏ +64 7 348 9922. Check-in: 3PM, check-out: 11AM. An elegant purpose-built bed and breakfast. Each guest room has an ensuite bathroom and a door to a private terrace giving access to a rose garden. $350.
Crash Palace Backpackers, 1271 Hinemaru Street, ☏ +64 7 348-8842, toll-free: 0508-666-237. A home away from home. Family run and they really make you feel part of the family. Friendly dog and cat on premises. Hot tub available. Great atmosphere. Part of the Nomads network of hostels.
Kiwi Paka Backpackers Rotorua, 60 Tarewa Rd, ☏ +64 7 347-0931. Located in a park-like setting, the hostel is within easy walking distance of the city centre, thermal pools and many of the attractions and activities. It is part of the Nomads network.
Spa Lodge Backpackers, 1221 Amohau Street, ☏ +64 7 348 3486. Located in the city centre, close to the main attractions, and facilities like the shopping mall are just around the corner. Private natural hot pool in the beautiful backyard, a lazy cat and a great relaxing atmosphere. BBH discounts.
YHA Rotorua, 1278 Haupapa Street, ☏ +64 7 349 4088. Big hostel with friendly atmosphere, well-organised and clean like most YHA hostels in NZ. Has an outside deck and a comparatively big carpark. Dorm beds from $29, private rooms from $82. (updated Feb 2019)
Quest Rotorua Central, 1192 Hinemoa St (between Tutanekai and Amohia Streets), ☏ +64 7 929-9808. Check-in: 2PM, check-out: 10AM. Self-contained accommodation in the heart of the Rotorua CBD, close proximity to many bars and restaurants and 500 m to the Polynesian Spa. A limited amount of secure parking is available at extra cost.
All Seasons Holiday Park, 50-58 Lee Rd, Hannahs Bay, ☏ +64 7 345-6240, toll-free: 0800 422 674. Offers a choice of affordable, self catering accommodation in 3 hectares of peaceful parkland close to Lake Rotorua - motel units, tourist flats, cabins, backpackers lodge, camping & campervan sites
This geothermal wonderland has some hazards. Respect safety signs and barriers around active geothermal locations - they are there for good reasons. The hot water and mud from geothermal springs can be boiling hot. Superheated steam may cause eruptions - after all it is steam that makes the geysers spout.
The sulphurous smell (that rotten eggs smell) in the air means that some toxic gases may also be present. Take care in confined and unventilated spaces, particularly those below ground level or around geothermal pools. Toxic geothermal gases have been known to asphyxiate people.
Avoid bathing in geothermal pools where the water has been in contact with the ground. At the very least do not put your head underwater. Geothermal ground water can carry the bacteria and/or amoebae that cause meningitis - a disease which can be fatal. If you develop flu-like symptoms after coming into contact with geothermal water, immediately contact a doctor.
While New Zealand is a tourist paradise it should be remembered that as with most countries petty theft is a common occurrence, and Rotorua is said to have a higher rate of petty crime than some other areas. With so many of Rotorua's thermal wonders being in isolated areas it pays to take notice of the warning signs and to keep cars locked with valuables hidden from view so as not to have your visit ruined by petty opportunistic crime. In particular Kuirau Park after dark and Okere Falls are well known for car thefts and muggings. Expensive items taken to places like backpackers also need particular attention.
Heading south from Rotorua on SH 5 takes you to Taupo, a similar town on the side of New Zealand's largest lake, and Tongariro National Park. Around 15 km south of Rotorua, SH 38 branches off to the southeast, leading into the sparsely populated and ruggedly beautiful Urewera National Park.
Heading east on SH 30 leads you to Whakatane, a coastal town in the eastern Bay of Plenty with empty beaches and one of the North Island's sunniest climates. Beyond lies the remote East Cape.
North takes you to Te Puke, Tauranga and the western Bay of Plenty coastline, also a nice place to soak up the sun. There are two routes; via Te Puke and SH 33 brings you into Tauranga via Mount Maunganui. The SH 36 is a shorter inland route that climbs to around 610 m (2000 ft) before dropping to the coast. This is the route most locals would use and avoids Tauranga CBD traffic if heading for the Coromandel.
The Waikato region, including Hamilton, Waitomo and Raglan, lies to the west.
This city travel guide to Rotorua is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.