Salt Lake City is the capital of, and largest city in, the U.S. state of Utah. It is a destination for outdoor recreation, with nearby mountains full of hiking trails and ski resorts made famous by the 2002 Winter Olympics. It is also well known as the headquarters of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS or Mormon church).
Salt Lake City has about 200,000 residents within the city limits (2019), and is the downtown hub for a metro area of over a million people. It sits on the border between the Rocky Mountains and the Great Basin, lying in the Salt Lake Valley along the Wasatch Range urban corridor, sandwiched between the Wasatch Mountains to the east and the Oquirrh Mountains and the Great Salt Lake to the west.
This article does not match our manual of style or needs other editing. Plunge forward
with these suggested fixes: This section does NOT comply with WV:Avoid long lists
The Utah State Capitol overlooking the city
Notable neighborhoods in Salt Lake City include:
Downtown, the financial core and home to Temple Square (a two-block complex that includes the LDS church headquarters, the Salt Lake Temple, and various other sites related to Mormon history and culture)
Central City, a mostly residential area from approximately 400 South to 900 South
Sugar House, a commercial/residential district in the southeastern corner of the city, known for its funky shops
The Avenues, a historical neighborhood with many old buildings, northeast of downtown
University, the area around the sprawling University of Utah campus and the adjacent Research Park, VA Medical Center, and Fort Douglas
Federal Heights, a small, affluent neighborhood in the hills east of The Avenues and north of the University
East Bench or Foothill, a residential neighborhood between 900 South and I-80, bisected by the major arterial road Foothill Boulevard
Capitol Hill, an affluent sloping district north of downtown, topped by the Utah State Capitol building
the Marmalade District, a quirky area immediately west of Capitol Hill with some unusual architecture and decor
Rose Park, a residential neighborhood northwest of downtown, near the airport
Glendale, a heavily Hispanic residential district and home to the International Peace Gardens, at the southern end of the westside
The benches refer to a handful of residential, upper-class communities along the slopes of the Wasatch Mountains on the east side of the valley, and to a lesser extent on the Traverse Mountains at the southern end of the valley and the Oquirrh Mountains on the western side.
The predominant economic divide in the Salt Lake Valley is between the eastern and western halves, with the east side traditionally being more affluent and conservative.
The Wasatch Front is the urban strip along the western edge of the Wasatch Mountain Range. It comprises everything from approximately Brigham City in the north to Santaquin in the south, anchored by the cities of Ogden in the northern half, Provo-Orem in the south, and the Salt Lake Valley dividing the two. The vast majority of Utah's population lives in this region. Significant suburbs of Salt Lake City include Sandy in the southern Salt Lake Valley, Murray and Midvale in the center of the valley, and South Salt Lake and Millcreek on the southern border of Salt Lake City proper. The western portion of the valley has some very large suburbs such as West Valley City, West Jordan, and South Jordan. Holladay and Cottonwood Heights are smaller towns in the east benches.
Salt Lake City is not particularly close to the national parks and rugged terrain in the southern part of the state that draws many visitors to Utah. They are about a five-hour drive away, closer to Las Vegas.
Salt Lake City was settled in 1847 by Mormon pioneers who, led by Brigham Young, migrated a thousand miles west to escape the violent conflicts they had encountered whenever they tried to set up their religious community alongside established populations in the East. The city quickly became a major transit point, both for emigrating Mormon converts from Britain, Ireland, and Scandinavia, and for non-Mormons moving westward in the midst of the California Gold Rush. The latter group initially passed through Utah, leaving Mormons to organize the settlement of Utah and much of Southern Idaho; this mass migration included the short-lived but iconic experiment of emigrants using hand-pulled "handcarts" instead of covered wagons. Although the completion of the Transcontinental Railroad in 1869 ended the isolation of Mormon Utah, this pioneer history is actively commemorated, particularly on the July 24th anniversary of Brigham Young's arrival into the Salt Lake Valley.
Following the completion of the railroad, Mormon immigrants were joined by non-Mormon settlers, who established their own businesses and a regional economy focused on mines in Utah's mountains. These included Chinese immigrants, as well as Greeks and other European ethnic groups. Mormon missionary activity encouraged Pacific Islanders to convert and move to Salt Lake, and the city retains an unusually large Pacific Islander population to this day. Although the majority of Utahns are still members of the LDS Church, Salt Lake City itself is less than 50% Mormon, with some areas, such as those dominated by ethnic minorities and artsy neighborhoods like Sugarhouse, bearing little resemblance to the Mormon-dominated culture in other parts of Utah.
Gallivan Center skating rink during the winter
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Precipitation+Snow totals in inchesSee Salt Lake City's 7 day forecast
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
The climate of Salt Lake City is extremely seasonal. Summers are long, hot, and dry; winters are cold and snowy; fall and spring are shorter and marked by annoyingly inconsistent temperatures. Precipitation is low, averaging about 14-20 inches (350–500 mm) a year measured as liquid water, though much of it falls as light, fluffy snow that can pile up several inches high. Total snowfall averages around 50-80 inches (125–200 cm) annually.
Winter (mid-November to early March): Winter brings poor weather to Salt Lake City, and tourism this time of year is typically focused on using the city as a base for exploring ski resorts in the nearby mountains. Daytime temperatures run from 25°F to 50°F (-4-10°C). Overnight lows are below freezing more often than not, and on some occasions will even drop below 0°F (-18°C). Snow is common, but severe blizzards are almost non-existent, and it's rare for a storm to drop enough snow to shut down or cripple the city. Light snow is handled as a daily occurrence, with the city continuing to operate as normal. There is plenty of variation in snowfall between different parts of the city thanks to the mountainside topography, with higher elevations getting much more snow than lower neighborhoods. The difference is drastic enough that the local weather report will often include separate snow predictions for the benches and the valley floor.
While the snow can inconvenience travelers, the worst part of winter in the Salt Lake Valley is a phenomenon called an inversion, where cold, heavy air gets trapped between the mountains and stagnates, collecting more and more pollution for days or even weeks on end. This leads to some of the worst air quality conditions found in the United States, and is only cleared out when the next storm comes through.
Spring (early March to late May): Spring in Salt Lake is mild overall, but it is also the windiest and rainiest time of year, and it can be tough to tell when the last snowstorm is behind you even after the ground accumulation has been melted away for weeks. High temperatures during spring range from around 45°F to 80°F (7-27°C). Low temperatures are generally cool, and may still drop below freezing once or twice in April. Although it's the rainiest time of year, spring in Salt Lake City is still dry compared to many cities in the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic, or New England regions. Rainstorms will mostly be light or moderate in severity and many of them will last just a few minutes. Sunny spring days, which are fairly common, bring some of the nicest weather you will encounter in Salt Lake City at any time of year. However, this mostly applies to the valley as the mountain snowpack won't recede until late May or June, leaving outdoor activities such as camping and hiking unavailable until summer. Ski resorts near Salt Lake City will remain open part way through spring, with most of them operating until mid-April and Snowbird staying open even later.
Summer (late May to mid-September): Summers in Salt Lake City are long, hot, and dry. Maximum daily temperatures during this season range anywhere between 80°F and 105°F (27-41°C). Humidity is low and nights are warm, sometimes hot. Although summer is a very dry season here, powerful Pacific storms will sometimes impact the city as late as the beginning of June, prolonging the rainy season and keeping temperatures a bit cooler. In particular, mid-June through early July is clear, dry, and sun-baked. From mid-July through mid-September the monsoon affects northern Utah, bringing somewhat frequent evening thunderstorms to the Salt Lake area. These thunderstorms are usually short-lived, but can sometimes bring moderate hail to the valleys and much worse rain and hail to the mountains. If you avoid these thunderstorms, summer is a great time for outdoor recreation in the mountains. Temperatures are cooler in the mountains and can be comfortable even during the worst heat waves in the valleys.
Autumn (mid-September to mid-November): Autumn is a nice time to visit Salt Lake City. It's warm and typically drier than spring, with temperatures ranging from 45°F to 80°F (7-27°C) during the daytime. Pacific storms begin impacting the area around mid-October, but aren't too frequent. While storms can start dropping snow in the mountains again, the snowpack generally doesn't begin building up until November or December. The first light snow and freezing overnight temperatures in the valley will sometimes occur before the beginning of November, and by mid-to-late November, snowfall and freezing temperatures must be prepared for. The leaves on the trees in the mountains reach their peak of brilliant color around mid-to-late September and a month or so afterwards in the valleys.
Salt Lake Visitors Center in the Salt Palace, 90 South West Temple, ☏ +1 801-534-4900, toll-free: +1-800-541-4955. M-Sa 10AM-5PM. (updated Nov 2021)
FrontRunner train passing through Salt Lake City
The Wasatch Front region is served by three airports, but you will most likely fly into Salt Lake City International Airport. The two smaller airports near Ogden and Provo respectively are served by a very small number of flights and are mostly of interest to travelers who live in the direct vicinity.
See also: Salt Lake City International Airport
Salt Lake City International Airport (SLC IATA), 776 North Terminal Dr, ☏ +1 801-575-2400, toll-free: +1-800-595-2442, airportinfo@slcgov.com. Located on the western side of the city just off of I-80, Salt Lake serves as Delta Air Lines' mid-country hub, with over 120 daily departures for Delta alone. Hotel shuttles, taxis and ride-share services Lyft and Uber connect the airport with downtown. The UTA TRAX Green Line (see below) offers an inexpensive $ ride from the airport to downtown. It has direct international flights to Amsterdam, London, Paris and various cities in Mexico and Canada. (updated Feb 2024)
Salt Lake City is served by two interstate freeways: Interstate 80 connects to eastern and western destinations all the way from coast to coast, and Interstate 15, though viewed as a commuter freeway by locals, extends to both the Canadian and Mexican borders. Northern destinations accessible directly from I-15 consist mostly of small towns in eastern Idaho and western Montana. Southern destinations on I-15 include much larger cities such as Las Vegas and San Diego. I-80 provides a direct connection from Salt Lake to several major American cities, though all are hundreds of miles away. Across the 500-mile-wide (800-km-wide) Great Basin, I-80 serves Reno, Sacramento, and San Francisco. East of Salt Lake, I-80 connects to most of the larger towns in Wyoming and increasingly metropolitan cities further east, as far away as the greater New York City area. If coming from Boise, Portland, Seattle, or anywhere in between, take Interstate 84 to Ogden, then take Interstate 15 south to Salt Lake.
Approximate travel times: from Las Vegas, 6 hr. From Denver, 8 hr. From Phoenix, 10 hr. From Albuquerque, 10 hr. From Los Angeles, 10 hr. From San Francisco, 12 hr.
Greyhound, 300 S 600 W (at the Salt Lake Intermodal Hub), ☏ +1 801-355-9579, toll-free: +1-800-231-2222. Greyhound travels primarily on Interstate 15 (San Bernardino-Las Vegas-St George-Salt Lake City) some variations of the route continues to Los Angeles, San Diego or Long Beach from San Bernardino; 80 (Salt Lake City-Laramie-Cheyenne-Denver) ; 84 (Portland-Boise-Salt Lake City) and US Hwy 40 (Salt Lake City-Denver). Passengers transfer in Boise, Denver, Las Vegas, Sacramento, Portland and San Bernardino to get to other destinations.
Salt Lake Express, Salt Lake City International Airport (load in the Passenger Drop off Lane (Middle Lane): Terminal 2 Door 11 for Delta & Skywest (Delta Connection); Terminal 1 Door 5 for all other airlines; call and pre-arrange for pick-up or drop-off at the Ogden Airport), ☏ +1 208-656-8824. Travels mainly along I-15 Corridor between Las Vegas, St George, Salt Lake City, Pocatello, Butte and Great Falls, Montana; and on I-80 between Salt Lake City and Reno. They also have additional routes across Idaho between Boise and Pocatello. From Idaho Falls they go to West Yellowstone, Montana, and to Jackson, Wyoming, via Rexburg. From St George there is another route to Zion National Park and to Marble Canyon & Page in northern Arizona. They also have another stop at 60 N Temple westside of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (Mormon) Conference Center on W Temple towards 200 N. (updated Jul 2015)
TUFESA Bus Lines, 152 State St, Orem, ☏ +1 801-822-0844. Tufesa travels primarily on Interstate 10/15 (Los Angeles-Ontario, CA-Las Vegas-St George-Orem). Passengers transfer in Los Angeles, Las Vegas, or Ontario to continue to other cities in the U.S. or Mexico.
Utah Transit Authority (UTA), ☏ +1 801-743-3882. Operates the local commuter buses, which can bring you into the city from anywhere on the Wasatch Front as well as from the Park City area (with limited options). (updated Mar 2024)
Amtrak, 340 S 600 W (at the Salt Lake Intermodal Hub). The only intercity passenger train to Salt Lake City is Amtrak's Chicago–San Francisco route, the California Zephyr. Service is once per day in each direction; westbound trains arrive at 11PM and depart at 11:30PM; eastbound trains arrive at 3:05AM and depart at 3:35AM.
FrontRunner (stops at the Intermodal Hub (called Salt Lake Central Station on the UTA maps and schedules) and connects with TRAX at Salt Lake Central and the North Temple bridge over I-15). The local commuter rail line runs between Ogden, Salt Lake, and Provo. The current schedule is every hour on weekdays (with more frequent service during rush hours) and every hour or two on Saturdays. One-way fares range from $– depending on how far you travel.
TRAX. TRAX is the local system of light-rail trains, is also operated by Utah Transit Authority and can be used to reach the city from outying areas of Salt Lake County. Specific routes are detailed later under 'Get Around > By train.' All lines travel to downtown Salt Lake City. (updated Apr 2024)
40°45′0″N 111°53′24″WMap of Salt Lake City
Most of the Salt Lake Valley uses a consistent street grid radiating out from the southeast corner of Temple Square, downtown. Major streets run precisely east-to-west or north-to-south. Addresses are coordinates within the grid, and streets represent intervals of 100 in each direction. For example, the street five blocks east of the grid's center is called 500 East (commonly called 'Fifth East' in spoken conversation) and 13 blocks south is 1300 South (or 'Thirteenth South'). This means that the cardinal directions mentioned in street names do not represent a direction you can drive on that street, and if the direction designation is the only difference between two street names, they are two completely different streets, unlike the common street naming system where North Main and South Main would be two halves of a contiguous road. Building addresses are numbered based on their position between the 100-interval streets at either end of the block: 629 South 1500 West would be between 600 South and 700 South on 1500 West.
A few streets are known by their names rather than their numbers: these include South Temple (which runs East/West, splitting the northern and southern halves of the grid) and Main Street (which runs North/South, dividing East and West sides). 100 East is universally known as State Street; 100 North and 100 West are better known as North Temple and West Temple, as they border the northern and western edges of Temple Square. Some other streets downtown have honorary names, which are not in common use.
Streets are an eighth of a mile (a fifth of a kilometer) apart downtown, but become more irregularly spaced as you move farther from the city center. Many major roads are numbered according to the grid system, but suburban streets are a mix of numbers and names. Most street signs helpfully provide the coordinates of named streets.
The Avenues neighborhood in the northeast corner of Salt Lake City also has its own street grid, which doesn't quite align with the rest of the city. This grid consists of east/west avenues numbered 1 though 18 (1st Avenue is the farthest south) and north/south streets lettered A through U (A Street is the farthest west).
The Salt Lake Valley is covered by a single grid system. Outside of the valley, most Utah cities and towns have their own grid systems modeled after Salt Lake's. But don't expect them to be well integrated with neighboring towns: a road may change numbers without warning as you cross an invisible local boundary.
Salt Lake's wide streets make it quite easy to navigate by car; one-way streets are rare. Outside of downtown, on-street parking is relatively easy to find, though traffic slows to a crawl during the morning and evening rush hours.
Salt Lake City is well served by freeways, with Interstate 15 running straight north-to-south through the city, right past downtown. I-80 shares a brief concurrency with I-15 in the southern half of the city, branching out westward across from downtown and eastward near the southern end of the city limits. The eastern portion serves the Sugarhouse neighborhood and residential areas, while the western portion passes near the airport. The I-215 belt route makes a three-quarters loop around Salt Lake City, skipping the northeastern quadrant due to mountains. It has a junction with I-80 just southeast of the airport. State Route 201 ("SR 201", the "21st South Freeway", the "201 freeway", or just "the 201"), heads west from I-15 into the suburbs of West Valley City and Magna. The eastern terminus of SR 201 meets the southern end of the I-15/I-80 concurrency in a massive interchange known as the "Spaghetti Bowl".
Local Utah drivers will generally know how to drive in snow, however, like anywhere, there are plenty of out-of-towners who don't. If you can afford to wait, the roads are almost always plowed within a matter of hours.
The Utah Transit Authority (UTA), +1 801-743-3882, operates an extensive network of bus lines that collectively reach the entire Wasatch Front, with especially comprehensive service in and around Salt Lake City, where some lines operate at a 15-minute frequency during the day. Almost all light rail stations in the valley are connected to bus routes. Only a select handful of important routes operate at night or on Sundays and holidays, and even nighttime routes usually end service around midnight or 1AM. Extra bus lines run during the winter, serving four ski resorts in the canyons east of the city, in the Wasatch Mountains. One-way fares are $, or a day pass, valid on both buses and light rail, is $.
UTA's light rail system, TRAX, connects many of Salt Lake City's most popular tourist destinations, including Temple Square, Downtown, the University of Utah, and the airport. There are three lines, designated by the colors blue, red, and green. The Blue Line begins in Downtown at the Salt Lake City Intermodal Hub (the bus and train station) and serves the Delta Center and Temple Square before turning onto Main Street, where it heads south through the City Creek shopping center, past the Gallivan Plaza, and eventually toward Murray, Sandy, and Draper. The Green Line begins at the airport, heads east down North Temple Street and meets up with the Blue Line at the Arena, then runs alongside the Blue Line until South Salt Lake, where it splits off and heads into West Valley City. The Red Line serves the University Medical Center (including University of Utah Hospital and Primary Children's Hospital) and the University of Utah campus on the east bench, then heads west to Downtown where it shares a few transfer stations with both the Blue and Green lines. The Red Line shares track with the Blue Line as far south as Murray, then splits southwest into West Jordan and terminates in the Daybreak neighborhood of South Jordan. There is also a streetcar line, the S-Line, which connects the Central Pointe light rail station in South Salt Lake to the Sugar House neighborhood. Fares for TRAX are the same as for buses: $ one-way, $5 round-trip, $ for the intermodal day pass.
Most of downtown is in a free fare zone where you can use buses and light rail without a pass. (Full fare applies if you ride even one stop past the zone.)
Salt Lake City has routes and trails through and around the city for cyclists of any age. Riding on the sidewalk is legal everywhere but the central blocks of downtown; sidewalks are wide and pedestrians are sparse enough to navigate around. State law and city ordinance mandate that cyclists signal audibly when overtaking a pedestrian on the sidewalk. Quite a few of the city's major attractions are accessible via bicycle, and it is quick and easy to get out to the university or the zoo on a bike.
Many major streets have bicycle lanes and signs reminding motorists to share the road, but a lot of streets had these bike lanes added without widening the roadway, and thus leave cyclists without much buffer space between them and car traffic. It may be easiest to use residential side streets if one is available a block or two away. The wide streets in the city center don't help cyclists, as the extra lanes are all for cars and just make it trickier to cross the street on a bike. The city has started making more of an effort to add more and better bike lanes, in some cases taking traffic lanes away, like on 200 and 300 South, 900 West, and 500 East. 300 South and 200 West incorporate cycle tracks along parts of their length, and some other streets incorporate buffered bike lanes.
Bicycles are allowed on UTA buses and trains, including both TRAX and FrontRunner. All bus lines have bike racks except para-transit and ski routes, and bike lockers can be rented from UTA at several FrontRunner stations. The Intermodal Hub downtown includes a Bike Transit Center with rental bicycles and a repair shop.
GREENbike. Bike sharing program with stations throughout downtown. $5/24 hours.
2019 Salt Lake City and Salt Lake County Bikeways Map
Utah State Capitol, 350 N State St (just north of downtown; public transit: UTA Bus 200 (stops at four places around the Capitol grounds)), ☏ +1 801-538-3074. M–F 7AM–8PM, Sa Su 8AM–6PM. The grand state capitol building is prominently displayed on the mountainside, in a lovely park overlooking Downtown. The grounds include a reflecting pond and several memorials. Inside are large open areas and monumental architecture. On weekdays, guided tours are available at no charge on the hour. All publicly accessible areas are free. (updated May 2023)
Salt Lake City and County Building, 451 S State St (at the corner of University Blvd & State St.; public transit: UTA TRAX Red Line (Library Station) and Bus 1, 4, 200, 205, 209, 451, 455, 470, 472, and 473), ☏ +1 801-533-0858. Guided tours on Mondays, June-August free, but online reservation needed. Seat of the city government since the 1890s, and in times past was also the seat of county government and even the state capitol building for 20 years. The halls are lined with onyx on each of four lavishly decorated floors. A clock tower rises 256 feet (78 m) above ground level in the middle of the building and is topped by a statue of Columbia. Portraits of former mayors line the third floor corridor between the mayor's office in the south wing and the city council chamber in the north wing. On the fourth floor is an exhibit dedicated to the 2002 Winter Olympics. (updated May 2023)
Salt Lake City Main Library, 210 E 400 S (next to the Salt Lake City and Country Building; public transit: UTA TRAX Red Line (Library Station) and Bus 4 and 455), ☏ +1 801-524-8200. M–Th 9AM–9PM, F Sa 9AM–6PM, Su 1PM–5PM. One of Salt Lake City's most unique pieces of architecture, the library makes use of natural light and features a rooftop garden. Free. (updated May 2023)
Hogle Zoo, 2600 E Sunnyside Ave (at the mouth of Emigration Canyon on the east side of the city), ☏ +1 801-582-1631. November through February: 9AM–4PM daily; March through October: 9AM–5PM daily. The zoo is a 42-acre complex, with the largest exhibits featuring primates and elephants. There is also an independent aviary (Tracy Aviary) in Liberty Park, and an aquarium (Loveland Living Planet Aquarium) in the south end of the county. $9–15 per person based on age groups and time of year; children 2 and under are always free. (updated Apr 2024)
Clark Planetarium, 110 S 400 W (in the Gateway Mall. Public Transit: UTA TRAX Blue Line), ☏ +1 801-456-7827. M–W 10:30AM–8PM, Th 10:30AM–9PM, F Sa 10:30AM–11PM, Su 10:30AM–6PM. Has plenty of free exhibits, and paid admission to laser shows and IMAX movies. Adult tickets are $8 ($6 during matinee times), children's tickets are $6. (updated May 2023)
The Leonardo, 209 East 500 S (directly south of the Salt Lake City Public Library Main Branch; public transit: UTA TRAX Red Line (Library Station) and Bus 4, 2), ☏ +1 801-531-9800. Daily 10AM-5PM. blend science, technology, engineering, art and math into compelling experiences designed to awaken your curiosity and heighten your engagement in the world around you $/adult, $/child, $/concession. (updated Mar 2019)
Olympic and Paralympic Cauldron Plaza, at current location
Natural History Museum of Utah, 301 Wakara Way, ☏ +1 801-581-6927. Th–Tu 10AM–5PM, W 10AM–9PM. Best known for Jurassic-era dinosaur skeletons; also features several exhibits related to Utah's landforms and earliest human inhabitants. $; $ age 13-24 or 65+; $ age 3-12; 2 and under free. Wednesday evenings, $5 after 5. (updated Jan 2020)
Utah Museum of Fine Arts, 410 Campus Center Dr (Marcia and John Price Museum Bldg), ☏ +1 801-581-7332. Tu Th F 10AM–5PM, W 10AM–8PM, Sa Su 11AM–5PM. 5,000 years worth of art history are on display at the UMFA, with over 18,000 works ranging from antiquity to more modern installations (though with little to no emphasis on abstract art). The museum runs a variety of public programs, such as artist talks, tours, films, and family art-making activities. $9 adults, $7 age 6-18 or 65+, age 5 and under free.
Rice–Eccles Stadium, 451 South 1400 E, ☏ +1 801-581-5445. Home stadium of the University of Utah football team, and site of the opening and closing ceremonies for the 2002 Winter Olympics. The original location of the Olympic torch cauldron was covered over by a stadium expansion project. During this project, the cauldron was removed in 2020, refurbished, and reinstalled in a new plaza outside the southwest corner of the stadium in 2021.
Jon M. Huntsman Center, 1825 S. Campus Dr., ☏ +1 801-581-5445. The university's main indoor venue, home to men's and women's basketball, women's volleyball, and women's gymnastics.
East High School, 840 South 1300 East (near the University of Utah). High School Musical fans will get a kick out of seeing the real high school where the movie was filmed. (updated May 2017)
Temple Square, ☏ +1 801-240-8945, TempleSquare@ChurchofJesusChrist.org. Assembly buildings and visitor centers are generally open daily 9AM–9PM. Free. (updated Oct 2021)
Located on the north end of downtown, Temple Square is the most visited tourist site in Utah. Among its buildings are the LDS Church headquarters, a Church History Museum, a Family History Library, gardens, and restaurants. Entry to the temple requires church membership and a permit called a "temple recommend", but most other areas are open to anyone.
Temple Square is staffed with church missionaries to help show you around the grounds; languages from all over the world are represented. Below their black tag that has ther name, they will have a second tag that has the flag of the language they speak. Simply find the flag that you need. Free tours are conducted from the airport for connecting passengers on at least a two-hour layover, once an hour every afternoon (weather permitting).
Just west of the temple is the Tabernacle, a domed, oval-shaped building that is home to the Tabernacle Choir at Temple Square (still often called by its former name of Mormon Tabernacle Choir). The tabernacle is open to the public for guided tours, organ recitals, Thursday rehearsals, and Sunday "Music and the Spoken Word" choir performances. On the southwest corner of Temple Square is a Gothic Revival building simply called the Assembly Hall. It is open to tourists for self-guided visits and hosts concerts on Friday and Saturday nights at 7:30PM. The LDS Conference Center, across the street on the northern side of the square, is an architectural point of interest with carefully-groomed roof gardens and a series of waterfalls on the exterior of the building. Tours are available. The majority of the Church Office Building is off-limits to tourists, but the 26th floor observation deck overlooking the city is open on weekdays.
The southeast corner of Temple Square is home to a handful of historic buildings, among them the Beehive House, a former residence of city founder Brigham Young (open for free guided tours 9AM–9PM daily), the Lion House, a restaurant that also at one point was a residence of Brigham Young, and the Joseph Smith Memorial Building, a former hotel which now holds a number of meeting and dining facilities, a theater showing free church-produced films, and public computers for genealogical research. The 10th floor has two observation areas overlooking the city, which are open to the public.
The busiest times at Temple Square are the first weekend of April and the first weekend of October, when thousands of visitors from all over the world attend the church's General Conference meetings. December is also a popular time to visit for the extravagant Christmas light set-up that covers the square every year.
Be aware that most of Temple Square is closed for extensive renovations. Only the Tabernacle is open. Most of the sites off of the square proper are still open.
Church History Museum, 45 N West Temple St (across the street to the west of Temple Square), ☏ +1 801-240-3310, ChurchMuseum@ChurchOfJesusChrist.org. M–F 9AM–9PM, Sa 10AM–6PM, closed Sundays. This museum has a permanent display outlining the history of the Mormon church from its East Coast origins up to the arrival of the pioneers in the Salt Lake Valley. This portion takes about a half hour to walk through if you read the descriptions as you go. There is also a rotating display of religious artwork. Free. (updated Jan 2020)
Family History Library, 35 N West Temple St (across the street to the west of Temple Square), toll-free: +1-866-406-1830. M 8AM–5PM, Tu–Sa 8AM–9PM, closed Sundays. The genealogical research wing of the Mormon church, this is the largest library of its kind in the world. It is open to the general public and attracts multitudes of visitors looking to trace their family history. Research assistants are on duty to help patrons. Free.
"This is the Place" Monument
This Is The Place Heritage Park, 2601 E Sunnyside Ave (east of the University of Utah, before the Hogle Zoo; public transit: UTA Bus 223 (get off at Arapeen Dr & Sunnyside Ave (Northbound) or Arapeen Dr. & 800 S (Southbound) and then walk along E Sunnyside Ave)), ☏ +1 801-582-1847. M–Sa 9AM–5PM, Su 10AM–5PM. Marking the spot where Brigham Young is believed to have said "This is the place", the park's features include a monument to the Mormon settlers of the Salt Lake Valley and a re-creation of a Utah frontier village made of historical buildings that were transplanted from their original foundations. Demonstrations of frontier life take place here frequently. $11 adults, $8 seniors and children; Sundays and winter Saturdays: $5 adults, $3 seniors and children; age 2 and under free. (updated May 2023)
Liberty Park (between 600 East and 700 East, and between 900 South and 1300 South). Salt Lake City's "Central Park" with areas for several different activities, including a very small amusement park, a large pond with paddle boats available on some occasions, fountains to play in, swimming pools, barbecue areas, tennis courts, bike and running paths, and plenty of green space with tall shade trees. For many years warm Sunday afternoons have seen a drum circle congregate in the park. (updated Apr 2024)
Chase Home Museum of Utah Folk Arts, ☏ +1 801-245-7285. (updated Mar 2019)
Tracy Aviary, ☏ +1 801-596-8500. 9AM–5PM daily. Located on eight acres within Liberty Park, the aviary is home to about 300 total birds from over 100 different species, including many rare/endangered species. Offers year-round bird shows, bird-themed crafts, and a daily 1PM Avian Encounter show for $3 per person. General admission is $7 adults, $6 seniors and students age 13+, $5 children 3-12, 2 and under free.
Sugar House Park (bordered by 1300 East, 1700 East, 2100 South, and I-80). A 110-acre park with soccer fields, a baseball diamond, volleyball courts, picnic areas, rolling grassy hills, a garden center, and a small pond often inhabited by California Gull, the state bird. This park is popular with runners and joggers, who exercise on the  mile loop road's designated pedestrian lane. (updated Mar 2024)
Pioneer Park (at 300 West and 400 South). Home to the popular Downtown Salt Lake City Farmer's Market on Tuesday evenings and Saturday mornings from June to October. The park is safe during the daytime, but is best avoided after dark due to the large homeless population and reputation for late-night drug transactions.
Gilgal Sculpture Garden, 749 E 500 S, ☏ +1 801-582-0432. Apr-Sep: 8AM–8PM; Oct-Mar: 9AM–5PM. A small but unique collection of sculptures and stone engravings hidden between buildings in the center of a city block. Free.
Memory Grove, 120 E North Canyon Rd. A somewhat laid-back park on the mountainside, featuring trailheads, a meditation chapel, several memorials, and off-leash dog areas.
Lindsay Gardens, 7th Ave and M St (in the Avenues). A park next to a large cemetery in the city's first neighborhood, with a serene atmosphere and spectacular views of the valley.
International Peace Gardens at Jordan Park, 1050 South 900 West (at the west end of the park). The International Peace Gardens contain individual areas with contributions (e.g., sculptures) from different nations of the world, usually representing some aspect of their home culture or geography. There are approximately 15 individual national gardens contained within. Free. (updated Mar 2024)
Snowbird Ski Resort during the summer
Salt Lake City is a hub for an incredible variety of outdoor recreation. Summer activities available in the area include camping, hiking, rock-climbing, mountain biking, boating, and fishing. Popular trails within the city include City Creek Canyon and the walking paths at  Red Butte Garden.
Several world-class ski resorts are accessible within minutes of Salt Lake. Ski areas in both Big Cottonwood Canyon and Little Cottonwood Canyon are served by UTA bus lines. Park City, the main skiing and snowboarding venue for the 2002 Winter Olympics, is about a 40-minute drive up Parley's Canyon (east on Interstate 80). Ski resorts in the Wasatch Mountains are famous for light, powdery snow that creates ideal skiing conditions. One variant of the Utah state license plate even dubs it the "Greatest Snow on Earth".
Brighton (Big Cottonwood Canyon). Within a 20-minute drive of downtown.
Solitude (Big Cottonwood Canyon). About 20 minutes away from downtown.
Snowbird (Little Cottonwood Canyon). This scenic resort is within a half hour of Downtown. Mostly known for skiing and snowboarding, but there are also activities for non-skiers. A scenic tram ride to the top of 11,000 ft Hidden Peak operates year round, weather permitting, and the views from the peak are spectacular in all directions. Summer at Snowbird resembles a carnival, with an assortment of rides and activities.
The nearby town of Alta is built around a ski resort and three more can be found in Park City.
Rose Park Golf Course, 1386 N Redwood Rd, ☏ +1 801-596-5030. (updated Jan 2016)
Salt lake has quite a few opportunities for recreational bicycling, both on- and offroad. The Jordan River Parkway is a north-south asphalt nonmotorized path that follows the banks of the Jordan River. At the southern end it begins at Utah Lake near Provo (Utah County); at the north end it connects to similar paths (Legacy Trail, D&G Trail) which extend the continuous riding all the way to Roy (near Ogden, in Weber County), about 100 miles in total. It connects many other bike trails. Other paved nonmotorized trails in Salt Lake County include:
Folsom Trail, near downtown Salt Lake City and running east-west
The 9-Line Trail, traveling east-west parallel to 900 South and extending from Redwood Road to 1100 East
Parley's Trail, traveling east-west at approximately 2300 South and connecting the Jordan River Parkway to Tanner Park at the mouth of Parley's Canyon
Porter Rockwell Trail in Draper/Sandy, a loop. The Lehi Trail connects to the southwest corner of the Porter Rockwell, allowing a cyclist to continue past Point of the Mountain into Utah County and connecting to the 17-mile Murdock Canal Trail located in that county
White City Canal Trail, a relatively short north-south path in White City, in the southeast part of the county
Draper Canal Trail, another relatively short north-south path in the southeast corner of the county
Mountain View Trail parallels the Mountain View Corridor highway (SR-85), traveling north-south along the west side of the county. It connects Utah County at the south to approximately SR-201 (roughly 2400S) to the north.
Daybreak Lake in the community of Daybreak has a trail circumnavigating it, a distance of approximately 5 kilometers.
These trails are inconsistently plowed in winter.
City Creek Canyon, directly north of Downtown past Memory Grove Park, is worth a special recommendation for a recreational ride as it is closed to cars much of the year. Cars are allowed only on even-numbered days between Memorial Day and the end of September. On odd days in that period, plus all days through fall, winter, and spring, the road is reserved to bicycles and pedestrians. The road is paved and mostly follows City Creek, the city's original and still important source of culinary water. The entire ride is about 7 miles one-way with 1300 feet change in elevation. There are many picnic sites along the road, which you can reserve for a group picnic for a fee.
A noteworthy social bicycling opportunity is the 999 Ride. This informal ride has been departing the 900 East / 900 South area in Salt Lake City every Thursday (participants gather at 9PM with the ride typically departing at 9:30PM or shortly thereafter), as of Mar 2024 for many years. It is an inclusive, all-welcoming "slow casual" no-drop ride (no one is left behind unless they want to be) that wanders through the city on a varying route from week to week. In the warmer months (the ride rolls in any weather) the event often attracts more than 100 participants.
Mountain biking, hiking, and trail running are available in Salt Lake City proper in the area of City Creek canyon, in the foothills north of the Avenues neighborhood and east of the University of Utah, and along the low elevations of the Wasatch Mountains southward to the city limit. There are more trail networks along the entire west bench of the Wasatch Front (from Weber County to Utah County), mostly on county and/or United States Forest Service lands. The Bonneville Shoreline Trail is a major multiuse trail project, partially complete, intended to run along the entire length of the county from north to south, and continue beyond. Individual segments already extend to 40 contiguous miles of trail (as of 2023), with more segments being built and connected over time.
The Utah Olympic Oval. allows the public to skate on the ice where Olympic champions have been crowned and numerous world records have fallen. (updated Mar 2024)
The main source of boating in the area is, of course, the Great Salt Lake immediately to the northwest of the city. The  Great Salt Lake Marina is on the south shore of the lake at I-80 Exit 104, about 15 miles (25 km) west of downtown Salt Lake City. The marina has 300 slips and is open from sunrise to sunset every day of the year, including holidays and during the winter. (The high salinity of the lake keeps it from freezing over.) The Great Salt Lake is especially popular for sailing. The lake is also an important refuge for over a hundred species of birds, including a large pelican colony living on the cliffs of Antelope Island. The island, in the southeast part of the lake, is a state park complete with visitor's center, camping facilities, and more, and is home to one of the last wild herds of bison in the United States.
The Utah Jazz playing in Salt Lake City
Utah Jazz. The Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association (NBA) are one of three professional sports team in Utah that competes at the highest level of their sport, the others being MLS' Real Salt Lake and the NWSL's Utah Royals. Jazz fans are known for being raucous during home games, giving Delta Center one of the league's best atmospheres and a reputation as one of the more difficult places to play a road game. The arena has a TRAX station right out front and the frequency of light rail service is increased for most games. The NBA regular season takes place from November through mid-April; the playoffs can last into June. (updated Jul 2015)
Utah Hockey Club. Salt Lake City will become home to a hockey team in the 2024–25 season. After the Arizona Coyotes went through years of arena issues, the league brokered a deal in which the Coyotes were sold to the Jazz' current ownership. (The Coyotes name and brand will remain in the Phoenix area for a potential revival.) The team will play as "Utah Hockey Club" for its first season, with that name being one of several possible options for a more permanent name. The new Salt Lake team will play in the Delta Center for the time being, but a new arena is on the drawing board for the city's planned bid for the 2034 Winter Olympics. (updated Jun 2024)
Real Salt Lake. Pronounced rey-AL, an anglicized version of the Spanish word as in "Real Madrid", not like the English word real, it is a member of Major League Soccer (MLS). Home games are played at America First Field, in the nearby suburb of Sandy, which is also directly accessible from TRAX. The regular season lasts from March through October and the playoffs last into November. Established in 2005, Real Salt Lake is one of the newer additions to Major League Soccer, but won the MLS title in 2009.
Teams in a top-level league that has a lower profile than either the NBA or MLS include:
Utah Royals. Having returned to the National Women's Soccer League in 2024 after a three-year absence, the Royals are owned by Real Salt Lake and also play at America First Field. The original Royals played in the NWSL from 2018 through 2020, but were shut down due to the fallout from a racism controversy involving Real's owner. The new ownership of Real exercised an option to revive the NWSL team, and the reborn Royals inherited the original team's history.
Utah Warriors. Began play in Major League Rugby, a new attempt to launch a fully professional US league in rugby union, in 2018. Plays at Zions Bank Stadium in Herriman. (updated Mar 2024)
Salt Lake Shred. play in the Ultimate Frisbee Association (UFA), formerly the American Ultimate Disc League (AUDL), the top men's professional league for the sport of ultimate. Home games are played at Zions Bank Stadium in Herriman. (updated Mar 2024)
Utah Wild. play professional women's ultimate in the Western Ultimate League. Home games are held at Judge Memorial Stadium (650S 1100E) in Salt Lake City. (updated Mar 2024)
Utah is represented in the minor leagues by three teams:
Salt Lake Bees, 77 West 1300 South, ☏ +1 801-325-2337. A Minor League Baseball team in the Triple-A Pacific Coast League. For now, they play home games at  Smith's Ballpark, about a mile (2 km) south of downtown, but the team is building a new ballpark in South Jordan and plans to open it in 2025. From $11 to $27.
Utah Grizzlies. Minor-league hockey team competes in the ECHL and plays their home games at the Maverik Center in West Valley City.
Real Monarchs. Reserve side for Real Salt Lake, playing in the third-level MLS Next Pro alongside the reserve sides for most other MLS teams. The team also plays at Zions Bank Stadium.
In college athletics, the University of Utah's sports teams compete as the Utah Utes in the NCAA's Pac-12 Conference, but moving to the Big 12 Conference after the 2023–24 school year. Sports represented include everything from major spectator sports like football and basketball to skiing and golf. Also notable is the women's gymnastics team, known as the "Red Rocks" instead of "Utes"—perennial national title contenders, they are one of the biggest crowd draws in all of U.S. women's sports. The football stadium has a TRAX station right next to it and the basketball arena (also home to gymnastics) isn't far from the South Campus station. The baseball team shares Smith's Ballpark with the Bees, but with that facility's future in question due to the Bees' planned move to South Jordan, the university is planning a new on-campus ballpark, with a 2025 opening penciled in.
Abravanel Hall, home of the Utah Symphony
Major art museums are UMFA and  UMOCA, the Utah Museum of Contemporary Art. Downtown Salt Lake City is home to more than 20 art galleries and antiques shops. A free Gallery Stroll happens downtown on the third Friday of each month. The neighborhood around 200 East and 300 South is the city's "gallery row" of sorts.
Ballet West Ballet Company. Performs regularly at the downtown Capitol Theater.
Ririe-Woodbury Dance Company. Puts on contemporary dance performances at the Rose Wagner theater (also downtown).
Utah Symphony/Utah Opera collaborative. Performs at both Abravanel Hall and Capitol Theater.
Live theater has long been a part of Salt Lake City's culture; several historic buildings remain that were playhouses in the 1930s. Two professional companies perform regularly: the Salt Lake Acting Company has a theater in the Marmalade District a few blocks west of the capitol building, and the Pioneer Theatre Company performs in the Pioneer Theatre at the University. Kingsbury Hall, also at the University of Utah, features musicals, touring national plays, and other special performances. The amphitheater at  Red Butte Gardens and the  Gallivan Center host popular summer concert series.
The Utah Arts & Cultural Coalition maintains an online calendar of upcoming performance events in the state. Venues include the  Eccles Theater,  Capitol Theatre,  Abravanel Hall and  Rose Wagner Performing Arts Center.
Aside from the ubiquitous set of mainstream movie theaters showing Hollywood blockbusters, the film culture in Salt Lake includes a handful of film festivals – the best known being Sundance in nearby Park City – and two independent theaters, a pair of gems run by the Salt Lake Film Society. The  Tower Theatre near the corner of 9th East and 9th South is a single-screen venue dating back to 1921, making it the oldest theater in Salt Lake City that's still open. The  Broadway Centre Cinemas downtown (111 East 300 South) has six screens; both theatres show the same types of independent and/or foreign films, plus some occasional one-time showings of old classics.
The comedy scene in Salt Lake City includes local comedians, touring professionals, and improv troupes. The Wiseguys Comedy Club chain is a common stop for national comedy tours. Current locations are in Ogden and West Valley City, as well as downtown Salt Lake City (at the Gateway).
Downtown:  Pioneer Park. Saturdays, morning-early afternoon. (updated Apr 2024)
SLC West:  9th West Market (Jordan Park, 1050 South 900 West). Sundays, morning to early afternoon. (updated Apr 2024)
Millcreek:  Sunnyvale Market, Sunnyvale Park, 4000 South 700 West. Saturdays, midday. Operated by the International Rescue Committee, this market gives refugee farmers a chance to earn money and develop skills/comfort in their adopted home. It often includes more hard-to-find produce items. (updated Apr 2024)
Murray:  Murray Park, 296 E. Murray Park Ave., Murray. Fridays and Saturdays, 8AM to 1PM. (updated Apr 2024)
Murray:  Wheeler Market, Wheeler Farm. Sunday mornings. (updated Apr 2024)
South Jordan:  South Jordan Market, 1600 West Towne Center Drive, South Jordan. Saturday mornings. (updated Apr 2024)
West Valley:  Centennial Park, 5405 W, 3100 S. Thursday early evenings. (updated Apr 2024)
West Valley:  New Roots Farm, 3005 Lester. Wednesdays, 4:30-6:30PM. Like Sunnyvale, this market is operated by the International Rescue Committee to give earning opportunities and experience to refugees. The selection is more eclectic than at most markets. (updated Apr 2024)
Granite Peaks Lifelong Learning is an adult education program run by the Granite School District in Salt Lake City. They offer a variety of inexpensive courses, some for serious education and others just for fun. Take a GED Prep course or learn something more specific like a second language; in addition to Spanish classes for English speakers, Granite Peaks offers ESL (English as a Second Language) courses that may be helpful to foreign travelers. Classes oriented more towards fun and recreation include pottery, wine tasting, and even ghost hunting!
The University of Utah Continuing Education Department offers short-term, open-enrollment courses on finance, cooking, photography, foreign languages, and a handful of technology-related subjects such as web design.
The Family History Library (see above) can be an educational destination if you're looking to research your family tree and learn about your ancestry.
Utah has typically had a low unemployment rate compared to the nation as a whole; unfortunately, wages are also below average and have not kept up well with the rising cost of living.
As in the rest of the United States, an assortment of national, state, and local anti-discrimination laws prohibit employers from firing employees based on factors like race, nationality, and religion. Protection on the basis of sexual orientation varies between municipalities, but discrimination of this type is no more common in Salt Lake County than anywhere else in the country.
If you need to get some work done while visiting, Salt Lake has quite a few options. Almost all cafés have free wifi. The Public Library is a good option too.
Beans & Brews, 268 South State Street (corner of 300 S and State), ☏ +1 801-328-4148. M-Sa 5:30AM-5PM
Sunday 6:30AM-7PM. Local chain (updated Feb 2024)
Beer Bar, 161 E 200 S, ☏ +1 385-259-0905. Noon to 1AM, 7 days a week. This is a biergarten type place that opens at noon and is quiet during the day. They have Kombucha if you don't want to drink beer. Also brats and fries. Good wifi. (updated Feb 2024)
The Rose Establishment, 235 S 400 W, ☏ +1 801-208-5569. M-F 7AM–2PM, Sa Su 8AM-3PM. No wifi, so it has a more social feel to it. Service charge is included in all prices. $5 and up, sandwiches and bowls $12 and up. (updated Feb 2024)
The People's Coffee, 177 E 200 S (corner of 200 S and 200 E), ☏ +1 801-410-4734. M-F 7AM-7PM, Sa Su 8AM-7PM. Locally owned café (updated Feb 2024)
WorkHive, 159 West Broadway #200, ☏ +1 801-923-4589. Locally owned and independent. Conference rooms for rent. $25 / day, conference rooms starting at $20/hr. (updated Feb 2024)
WeWork 250 Tower, 250 E 200 S. From $30 per day. (updated Feb 2024)
WeWork Gateway 6, 460 West 50 North. $30 and up / day. (updated Feb 2024)
Main Street isn't one of the larger streets around as the name might suggest, but the downtown portion has a nice set of specialty shops, ethnic restaurants, and an overall pedestrian-friendly vibe. Toward the north end of Main Street, just south of Temple Square, is the newest of Salt Lake City's major outdoor malls:  City Creek Center, complete with a skybridge over Main Street, more than 20 dining options, and anchor tenants Nordstrom and Macy's.
The  Gateway Mall on the west edge of downtown (90 South 400 West). M–Sa 10AM–9PM, Su noon–6PM. Gateway Mall was built as part of the city's heavy development in the lead-up to the 2002 Winter Olympics. It sits on the old site of the Union and Rio Grande railway stations, with the Union building's facade still intact as part of the mall. A mix of national and local stores can be found here, including Barnes & Noble, Abercrombie & Fitch, Brookstone, PacSun, Victoria's Secret, etc. Restaurants include The DoDo, California Pizza Kitchen, and Thaifoon. When City Creek Center opened in 2012, anchor tenants like the Apple Store traded the Gateway for City Creek, leaving an increasing number of storefronts vacant. The Gateway has reinvented itself as a hub for dining and entertainment. The Gateway Mall has gained a bit of a reputation lately as a panhandler hotspot – mostly later in the day when the mall security is thinner, but this is more of a nuisance than a safety issue.
Historic  Trolley Square, the block between 500 South and 600 South and between 600 East and 700 East. Over a century old, the former trolley car storage complex has been a mall since the 1970s and houses shops such as Pottery Barn, American Apparel, the local bookstore Weller Book Works, and organic grocer Whole Foods. Restaurants include a brewpub, the Rodizio Grill steakhouse and the Old Spaghetti Factory. Sweets are in no short supply with two chocolatiers and a taffy station.
Salt Lake's  9th & 9th neighborhood takes its name from the intersection of 900 East and 900 South, and is sort of an unofficial outdoor mall frequented by university students and trendy locals. There are several coffee shops around, including the Coffee Garden, Cafe Expresso, and Starbucks. Restaurants tend to be small and specialized with a focus on atmosphere. There are national chains like Barbacoa and a Great Harvest bakery, along with a local Thai place, a deli, and even a lot that alternates between being an ice cream shop in the summer and a candy store for the holiday season. Check out the less-than-reverent Cahoots Cards and Gifts for gag gifts and fun novelties; Contender Bicycles for high-end bikes, parts, and accessories; or Western Rivers Flyfisher, which offers guided fly fishing expeditions in addition to selling the gear. The 9th & 9th neighborhood is a short walk from Liberty Park in the Central City area.
Diabolical Records, 238 S. Edison Street, Salt Lake City. focuses on new, used, and local vinyl and cassette tapes. Also carries refurbished record players, cassette players, merch, and miscellaneous music-related items. (updated Mar 2024)
Fountain Records, 204 East 500 South, ☏ +1 801-410 0912. Tu-Sa noon-8PM, Su noon-6PM. boutique record store; hosts space for a rotating coterie of individual vendors (e.g., collectors, DJs) so the overall inventory is eclectic and turns over frequently. Has vinyl and cassettes, new and used. (updated Mar 2024)
Graywhale Entertainment, 1773 West 4700 South, Taylorsville, ☏ +1 801-964 5700. Tu-Sa 10AM-8PM. New music and extensive collection of used CDs, organized by genres popular and obscure. Also carries games and merch. (updated Mar 2024)
The Heavy Metal Shop, 156E 900 South. A shop focused on the metal genre; offers music and a considerable amount of merch. (updated Mar 2024)
Randy's Record Shop, 157 East 900 South, Salt Lake City. focuses on used vinyl. (updated Mar 2024)
Raunch Records, 1119 East 2100 South, ☏ +1 801-467 6077. (updated Mar 2024)
UPROK Records, 1594 S State St, ☏ +1 801-531-8181. M-Sa noon-9PM. Dedicated to all things Hip Hop. Sells vinyl records and CDs, plus to apparel, spray paint supplies. Sponsors MC and B-Boy battles monthly. (updated Mar 2024)
The punk shop behind Spoox (on State St. near 3500S)
The major supermarket chains in Salt Lake City are Smith's Food & Drug (which is owned by Kroger), Harmons, and Winco Foods. In addition the nation's two largest discount store chains, Walmart and Target have several stores within both Salt Lake City proper and the surrounding suburbs. Walmart stores are usually open 24 hours and many Smith's and Winco stores in Salt Lake City are also open 24 hours as well. In addition many specialty and organic supermarkets such as Whole Foods Market, Sprouts Farmers Market, and Trader Joe's can also be found throughout the area.
Fry Sauce from a local hamburger restaurant
While not known as a hotbed of culinary innovation, there is one delicacy that originates from Utah: fry sauce, a condiment made by mixing ketchup and mayonnaise, sometimes with seasonings depending on the recipe, and eaten on French fries, onion rings, etc. Fry sauce was created decades ago by the local fast food chain Arctic Circle and can now be found in burger joints throughout Utah and in portions of neighboring states. The food processing giant Heinz has begun selling the condiment nationwide under the "Mayochup" brand name. Even national chain restaurants usually have fry sauce at their Utah locations, and many give it out as the default condiment at the drive-thru if you don't ask for something specific.
Hires Big H, 425 South 700 East. This casual business with a retro vibe has been serving popular burgers and shakes since 1959. It still offers carhop service. (updated Mar 2024)
The Pie Pizzeria, 1320 E 200 S (next to the University), ☏ +1 801-582-5700. M-Th 11AM-1AM, F Sa 11AM-3AM, Su noon-11PM. Two locations around the corner from each other: one for take-out only and then a dine-in location in a dark but cozy basement with twenty years worth of graffiti covering the walls. Best known for their giant, thickly loaded pizzas, but they also serve salads, sub sandwiches, and beer. $6-20.
The Red Iguana, 736 W North Temple, ☏ +1 801-322-1489. M–Th 11AM–10PM, F 11AM–11PM, Sa 10AM–11PM, Su 10AM–9PM. Mexican restaurant with a menu based on old family recipes. Popular and crowded enough that they have a second location less than two blocks away (866 W South Temple, ☏ +1 801-214-6050) and an express version called Taste of Red Iguana a mile (2 km) east on the State Street side of the City Creek Center mall. $10–20.
Ruth's Diner, 4160 Emigration Canyon Rd (in Emigration Canyon, about two miles / 4 km east of Hogle Zoo and This is the Place), ☏ +1 801-582-5807. 8AM–10PM daily. Open since 1930, Ruth's features a unique mountain setting and creekside patio seating. The diner is famous for its large "mile high" biscuits. Sunday brunch tends to be very busy.
Squatter's, 147 W Broadway, ☏ +1 801-363-2739. M–Th 11AM–midnight, F 11AM–1AM, Sa 10AM–1AM, Su 10AM–midnight. First area brewpub of the modern era, with a nice patio. (updated Mar 2024)
City Cakes & Cafe, 1000 South Main St., ☏ +1 801-359-2239, contact@citycakescafe.com. M-Sa 8AM-8PM, Su 9AM-4PM. Delicious vegan bakery and cafe, with friendly staff. $5.
Hong Kong Tea House and Restaurant, 565 W 200 S, ☏ +1 801-531-7010. Tu–F 11AM–9:30PM Sa Su 10AM–9:30PM. Serves excellent Chinese food. Instead of ordering individual meals, the entire party orders appetizers.
Moochie's Meatballs & More, 232 E 800 S, ☏ +1 801-596-1350. M–Sa 10:30AM–8:30PM. Sandwich joint specializing in Philly cheesesteaks and meatball subs. $8–15.
Siegfried's Delicatessen, 20 W 200 S, ☏ +1 801-355-3891. Authentic German deli in the heart of downtown. $5–15.
Afghan Kitchen, 1465 S. State Street., ☏ +1 801-953-1398. M-Th 11:30AM-3PM, 4-9PM; F Sa 4-9PM; Su closed. Afghan. $15-25. (updated Mar 2024)
Arempa's Venezuelan Cuisine, 350 S. State Street. Venezuelan arepas, empanadas, and more. (updated Mar 2024)
Argentina's Best Empanadas, 357 South 200 East, ☏ +1 801-548-8194, empanadas@argentinasbestslc.com. M-Sa 10AM-2PM. Argentinian. (updated Apr 2024)
Cafe Shambala, 382 4th Avenue, ☏ +1 801-364-8558. Tibet. (updated Apr 2024)
Kafe Mamai, 47 E Gallivan. M-Th 11AM-9PM; F Sa 11AM-late. Afro-Caribbean $10-25. (updated Apr 2024)
Mahider, 1465 S. State Street (in the same commercial strip as Afghan Kitchen), ☏ +1 801-975-1111. Tu-Sa 11AM-9PM. Strip-mall outpost offering classic Ethiopian fare (dining) & specialty grocery items in a laid-back setting. $10-25. (updated Mar 2024)
Namash Swahili Cuisine, 145E 1300 South, Suite 409 (in the Lincoln Plaza strip mall at 1300 South and State). Offers Swahili cuisine, dishes of East Africa and Kenya in particular. (updated Apr 2024)
Oromian, 1522 S. State Street., ☏ +1 801-978-9673. M-Th 4-9PM; F Sa noon-midnignt. Ethiopian. (updated Apr 2024)
Shwe Letyar Sushi (in the Woodbine Food Hall, on 700 South between 500-600 West). M-W 11:30AM-9PM; Th-Sa 11:30AM-10PM; Su off. Located in the Woodbine Food Hall, this spot offers a menu of Burmese dishes (in addition to the sushi.) (updated Apr 2024)
Somali Restaurant, 3197 Redwood Road. Somalian (updated Apr 2024)
El Viroleno, ☏ +1 801-595-7021. Salvadoran $8-20. (updated Apr 2024)
Wild Peru, 145 East 1300 South, Suite 303 (in Lincoln Plaza, the same shopping plaza as Namash.). M Tu Th-Sa 11AM-9PM; Su 11AM-7PM; W closed. Peruvian $20-30. (updated Apr 2024)
Brewvies, 677 S 200 W, ☏ +1 801-322-3891. Cinema pub with two movie screens and a lineup of mostly recent releases. Menu consists of things like pizza, burgers, nachos, and chicken tenders; drinks are mostly beer, including many local brews. Food bought at Brewvies can be eaten in the theater areas.
Bucket O' Crawfish, 1980 West 3500 South, Suite #104, West Valley City, ☏ +1 801-419-0900. Louisiana-inspired sauces with a West Coast Asian twist. $10–25.
Cafe Trio, 680 S 900 E. Hours vary by season and day of the week, but always at least 11AM–9PM. Pizza, flatbread, paninis, and pastas with cocktails and wine.
Himalayan Kitchen, 360 S State St.. Delicious momos and Nepali/Indian curries. (updated Apr 2021)
Indochine Vietnamese Bistro, 230 South 1300 East, ☏ +1 801-582-0896. Vietnamese cuisine.
The Kathmandu, 212 S. 700 E., ☏ +1 801-355-0454, info@thekathmandu.net. Nepali and Indian cuisine. $15–30.
Log Haven, 6451 E. Millcreek Canyon Rd (in a historic 1920s cabin in picturesque Millcreek Canyon), ☏ +1 801-272-8255, info@theparis.net. New American cuisine. $25–60.
Red Rock Brewing Company, 254 S 200 W, ☏ +1 801-521-7446. Su–Th 11AM–11PM, F Sa 11AM–midnight. Downtown brewpub popular for their seafood dishes from Almond Crusted Trout to simple fish and chips. More focus on the food than you might expect from a place that calls itself a brewery. $10–25.
Good Food Gluten Free Bakery, 423W 800 South, Suite A113, ☏ +1 801 413 4978, goodfoodglutenfreebakery@gmail.com. M-F 9AM-5:30PM, Sa 9AM-2PM, Su closed. Bakery. (updated Apr 2024)
Rawtopia (Rawtopia Living Cuisine and Beyond), 3961 Wasatch Boulevard, Millcreek (in the Olympus Hills Shopping Center, along Wasatch Boulevard), ☏ +1 801-486 0332. M-Th 11AM-9PM, F Sa 11AM-10PM, Su 10AM-8PM. This longstanding restaurant is halal, entirely gluten-free, and largely raw foods. Many dishes are innovative choices inspired by Middle Eastern cuisine. $12-40. (updated Apr 2024)
Zest Kitchen & Bar (Zest), 275S 200 West, ☏ +1 801-433-0589. M-Th 11AM-10PM, F noon-9PM, Sa 10AM-9PM, Su 10AM-9PM. Upscale all-vegan and gluten-free cuisine. Has oil-free and raw options. Also a bar, so customers must be age 21+. $15-30. (updated Apr 2024)
Bambara, 202 South Main Street (inside the Hotel Monaco), ☏ +1 801 363-5454. Daily 7AM-2PM, 5-10PM. Offers a gluten-free menu. $12-40. (updated Apr 2024)
Cafe Trio, 680 S 900 E, ☏ +1 801 533 8746. Hours vary by season and day of the week, but always at least 11AM–9PM. Pizza, flatbread, paninis, and pastas with cocktails and wine. They can make many items gluten free, including flat bread. $10-25. (updated Apr 2024)
City Cakes & Cafe, 1000 South Main St., ☏ +1 801-359-2239, contact@citycakescafe.com. M-Sa 8AM-8PM, Su 9AM-4PM. Delicious vegan bakery and cafe, with friendly staff. $5.
The Dodo Restaurant (The Dodo), 1355 East 2100 South (Across from the north side of Sugar House Park.). M-F 11AM-10PM, Sa 9AM-10PM, Su 9AM-9PM. A Salt Lake staple since 1981; they can make many items GF. $10-20. (updated Apr 2024)
Oasis Cafe, 151 South 500 East, Salt Lake City, ☏ +1-801-322-0404. Daily 8AM-9PM. $12-25. (updated Apr 2024)
The Park Cafe, 604E 1300S (across from the south entrance to Liberty Park), ☏ +1 801-487-1670. Daily 7AM-3PM. Good GF breakfast options; breakfast served all day. $10. (updated Apr 2024)
Porcupine Pub & Grille, 3698 Fort Union Blvd. (at the mouth of Big Cottonwood Canyon), ☏ +1 801-942-5555. M-F 11AM–10PM, Sa Su 9:30AM-10PM (brunch 9:30AM-3PM). Popular apres-ski spot. They can make many items GF. $10-20. (updated Apr 2024)
Protein Foundry, 951E 900S (also at 6909 South 1300 East in Cottonwood Heights), ☏ +1 385-395-9706. M-Sa 8AM-6PM, Su 9AM-3PM. Acai bowls and other GF healthful options. (updated Apr 2024)
98K, 3370 South State Street, Unit 1, ☏ +1-385-455-8888. Chicken fast food. $6-15. (updated Apr 2024)
Curry In A Hurry, 2020 South State Street, ☏ +1-801-467-4137. Halal fast casual spot with Pakistani cuisine; has vegan options. $6-15. (updated Apr 2024)
Namash Swahili Cuisine, 145E 1300 South, Suite 409 (on the Lincoln Plaza strip mall at 1300 South and State.). Offers Swahili cuisine, dishes of East Africa and Kenya in particular. (updated Apr 2024)
Rawtopia (Rawtopia Living Cuisine and Beyond), 3961 Wasatch Boulevard, Millcreek (in the Olympus Hills Shopping Center, along Wasatch Boulevard), ☏ +1 801-486 0332. M-Th 11AM-9PM, F Sa 11AM-10PM, Su 10AM-8PM. This longstanding restaurant is halal, entirely gluten-free, and largely raw foods. Many dishes are innovative choices inspired by Middle Eastern cuisine. $12-40. (updated Apr 2024)
Sindbad's Grocery, 3435 S State Street. Small market with international foods, halal meats. (updated Apr 2024)
Wild Pepper Pizza (on State Street just north of the 800 South intersection). M-Th 11AM-midnight, F Sa 11AM-4AM, Su noon-midnight. (updated Apr 2024)
There are many many options in the Salt Lake Valley that are either entirely veg/vegan or have extensive veg/vegan options. A directory is maintained and updated by an area animal rights group, and is available here. Below is a partial list of exclusively vegan destinations.
All Chay, 1264 West 1200 North, ☏ +1 801-521-4789. Vietnamese fare, including bahn mi and numerous plates. $7-20. (updated Apr 2024)
Buds, 509E 300 South, ☏ +1 801-521-4522. M-Sa 11AM-5PM. Fast carry-out only subs and salads. $10. (updated Apr 2024)
City Cakes & Cafe, 1000 South Main St., ☏ +1 801-359-2239, contact@citycakescafe.com. M-Sa 8AM-8PM, Su 9AM-4PM. Delicious vegan bakery and cafe, with friendly staff. $5.
Mark Of The Beastro, 666 State Street, ☏ +1 385-202-7386. W Th 6-11PM, F noon-11PM, Sa 11AM-11PM, Su 11AM-9PM. Diner fare with a punk aesthetic. $10-20. (updated Apr 2024)
Monkeywrench, 53E Gallivan Ave.. Ice cream (updated Apr 2024)
Old Cuss, 2285 Main Street, brent@oldcuss.com. Daily 8AM-3PM. Coffee shop and cafe; dishes are vegan by default but eggs/dairy can be added on request. $8-15. (updated Apr 2024)
Passion Flour (Passion Flour Patisserie), 165 E. 900 South, ☏ +1 385-242-7040. M-F 8AM-5PM, Sa Su 9AM-5PM cafe service closes at 4PM each day. Baked treats and cafe options. (updated Apr 2024)
Seasons Plant-Based Bistro, 916 South Jefferson St., ☏ +1 385 267 1922. Fine dining; vegan gourmet and handcrafted foods. $15-35 note: cashless business. (updated Apr 2024)
Vegan Daddy Meats, 569N 300 West, ☏ +1 801-385-2177. W-Sa noon to 8:30PM. Vegan versions of comfort fare; they make their own faux meats, which they also sell in packages from the premises. $10-15. (updated Apr 2024)
Veggie House, 52 E. 1700 South, ☏ +1-801-282-8686. M-Sa 11AM-9PM, Su off. Sushi menu plus an array of Asian (Chinese, Thai, Mongolian) plates. $12-25. (updated Apr 2024)
Vertical Diner, 234 West 900 South. M-Sa 9AM-10PM. The area's oldest vegan restaurant, offering vegan takes on diner fare. (updated Apr 2024)
Zest Kitchen & Bar (Zest), 275S 200 West, ☏ +1 801-433-0589. M-Th 11AM-10PM, F 11AM-11PM, Sa 10AM-11PM, Su 10AM-9PM. Upscale all-vegan and gluten-free cuisine. Has oil-free and raw options. Also a bar, so customers must be age 21+. $15-30. (updated Apr 2024)
Sweet Hazel, 282 West 7200 South, Midvale, ☏ +1 801 889 1466. M Tu Th F 8AM-6PM, W off, Sa Su 10AM-4PM 0. Vegan baked goods and cafe/bistro, mostly offering salads and sandwiches. (updated Apr 2024)
Vegan Bowl, 8672 Redwood Road, ☏ +1 801 692-7237. W-Sa 11AM-9PM. Asian dishes, mostly Vietnamese. $10-15. (updated Apr 2024)
Places that are not all-veg but with extensive vegetarian menus include  Arempa's (Latin American),  Ice Haus (American and German bar),  Little Saigon(Vietnamese, bahn mi),  Mi Ranchito Grill (Mexican),  Piper Down (Irish-style pub), and  Tsunami (multiple locations; Japanese, sushi). And diverse veggie burger menus are on the offer at  Hires Big H,  Proper Burger, and  Rich's.
Places listed below typically have a separate GF menu and appropriate kitchen practices for segregating GF operations.
Rodizio Grill Trolley Square, 602 East 500 South (inside Trolley Square shopping center.). Brazilian meat-on-a-stick joint; about 90% of the menu is GF. (updated Apr 2024)
Settebello Pizzeria Napoletana, 260 S 200 West, ☏ +1 801-322-3556. M-Th 11AM-10PM, F Sa 11AM-11PM, Su noon-9PM. Pizza in Neapolitan style; any pizza can be made gluten-free. $10-25. (updated Apr 2024)
SOMI Vietnamese Bistro, 1215 E Wilmington Ave. Suite 100 (Sits next to the Spitz location in Sugar House), ☏ +1 385 322-1158. M-Th 11AM-9PM, F Sa 11AM-10PM, Su noon-8PM. $15-30. (updated Apr 2024)
Spitz, 35E 300S, ☏ +1 801-364-0286. Su-Th 11AM-9PM, F Sa 11AM-10PM. Mediterranean street food; excellent GF fries. $10. (updated Apr 2024)
Stella Grill, 4291 South 900 East, ☏ +1 801-288 0051. M-Sa 11:30AM-9PM, Su off. They can make most items gluten free. $10-25. (updated Apr 2024)
Takashi, 18W Market Street (off Main Street between 300 and 400 South), ☏ +1 801-519-9595. A highly regarded downtown destination for sushi and elevated Asian fare. (updated Mar 2024)
Taqueria 27, 149E 200S, ☏ +1 385-259-0940. Su-Th 11:30AM-9PM, F Sa 11:30AM-10PM. $10-20. (updated Apr 2024)
Tsunami, 1059E 900S, ☏ +1-385-900-0288. Sushi (updated Apr 2024)
Uncle Jeffi's Place. Daily 7AM-3PM. Serves American and Thai comfort food, breakfast and lunch, most of which is available in vegetarian and/or gluten-free varieties. $10-20. (updated Apr 2024)
Vessel Kitchen, 905E 900S (Have a handful of locations in the Salt Lake Valley.). Cafeteria-style fast casual fare. (updated Apr 2024)
Bambara, 202 S Main St (Inside the Hotel Monaco), ☏ +1 801-363-5454. M–Th 7AM–10PM, F 7AM–10:30PM, Sa 8AM–11AM 5:30PM–10:30PM, Su 8AM–2PM 5:30PM–9PM. Upscale dining in the New American style, with eclectic décor and top-notch service. Has gluten-free menus for lunch and dinner hours. $25–50.
The Copper Onion, 111 E. Broadway, Suite 170, ☏ +1 801-355-3282, info@thecopperonion.com. An American restaurant. Food sourcing is local and sustainable whenever possible. $30-50.
Market Street Grill, 48 W Market Street (340 S), ☏ +1 801-322-4668. Breakfast: M–F 6:30AM–11AM, Sa 8AM–noon; Su Brunch (special menu): 9AM–3PM; Lunch: M–F 11AM–2PM, Sa 11:30AM–3PM; Dinner: M–Th 5–9PM, F 5PM–9:30PM, Sa 4PM–9:30PM, Su 4–9PM. Long menu with an emphasis on seafood, but plenty of options for all times of day.
Mazza, 1515 S 1500 E. M–Th 11AM–9PM, F Sa 11AM–10PM. Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food with vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options. (updated Mar 2024)
Pago, 878 S. 900 E., ☏ +1 801-532-0777, info@theparis.net. Fine eclectic dining built around a farm-to-table ethos. Make your reservation online. $20–60.
Rodízio Grill, 600 South 700 East 2nd Floor (in Trolley Square), ☏ +1 801-220-0500. Brazilian churrascaria. $27.
Spencer's for Steaks and Chops, 255 S West Temple (northeast corner of the Hilton), ☏ +1 801-238-4748. Lunch: 11AM–2PM; dinner: 5–11PM. Upscale steak restaurant. Voted "best steakhouse" by Salt Lake Magazine eight years in a row.
Takashi, 18W Market Street (off Main Street between 300 and 400 South), ☏ +1 801-519-9595. A highly regarded downtown destination for sushi and elevated Asian fare. (updated Mar 2024)
There are far too many watering holes in the metropolitan area to offer even a reasonably comprehensive list. Below is just a sampling.
The Bayou, 645 S State St, ☏ +1 801-961-8400. M 11AM–midnight, Tu-F 11AM–1AM, Sa 5PM–1AM, Su 5PM–midnight. A beer lover's paradise with over 300 different beers from all over the world, about 30 of them on tap. The food menu features Cajun and Creole dishes like Jambalaya Pizza, Alligator Cheesecake, and Blackened Catfish Salad. Live music after 9PM on most Friday and Saturday nights.
The Locker Room, 1063 E 2100 S. M–Th 11AM–11PM, F 11AM–midnight, Sa 9AM–midnight, Su 9AM–10PM. Sugar House sports bar that takes on a laid-back bar & grill atmosphere between games. Standard American food: burgers, pizza, etc. Brands itself as very LGBTQ+ friendly. (updated Mar 2024)
Gracie's, 326 S West Temple, ☏ +1 801-819-7565. M–Sa 11AM–2AM, Su 10AM–2AM. Stylish two-story gastropub popular with the younger crowd. Has a patio on each floor and beautiful views of both downtown and the mountains. Live music most nights, not just on weekends. Must be 21 or older. $10–30.
Under Current, 270 S 300 E (adjacent to Current seafood restaurant), info@undercurrentbar.com. M-Th 5-11PM, F Sa 5PM-midnight. An upscale bar serving high quality cocktails as well as a small food menu with items from the seafood restaurant nextdoor. (updated Jan 2024)
Copper Common, 111 E. Broadway, ☏ +1 801-355 0543, info@copperslc.com. Su-Th 5PM-midnight, F Sa 5PM-1AM, Sunday brunch 10:30AM-3PM. Cocktail bar with a full food menu. If this wasn't Utah it could probably be called a restaurant. (updated Jan 2024)
The state of Utah has a reputation for unusual and frustrating laws regulating the sale of alcoholic beverages. This reputation was well-deserved until the late 2000s, but the state made a series of reforms and the situation isn't as bad as you may have heard: you no longer have to sign up for a club membership just to enter a bar, for example. A few quirks remain that may catch tourists by surprise:
Beer sold in grocery stores and convenience stores is a bit weaker than in other states: % alcohol by weight (4% by volume). This is also the maximum alcohol content for bars with beer-only licenses, or "taverns"; stronger beer is regulated as if it were a hard liquor.
An establishment with a restaurant liquor license is not allowed to serve alcohol to you unless you signal an intention to order food as well. A special law had to be passed so patrons could order their drinks before they finish looking at the menu. Mixed drinks sold in restaurants are limited to  ounces of any one spirit plus up to one ounce of additional liquors (and any amount of non-alcoholic additions).
Bars and restaurants alike can only serve beer between 10AM and 1AM; wine and cocktails are limited to noon through 1AM.
Retail sales of wine, spirits, and "heavy beer" (over % alcohol by weight) are limited to dedicated liquor stores. In more populous areas, these are mostly a chain of government-owned outlets called the State Liquor and Wine Store. Locations downtown include one at 205 W 400 S (☏ +1 801-533-5901) and one at 255 S 300 E (☏ +1 801-533-6444). The wine prices vary significantly, but the store must sell the wine for at least 67% above cost (beer 75% above cost) plus state taxes. You cannot buy wine openers at the wine stores, so bring your own or be prepared to buy one somewhere else. The selection of wine is fairly large, but the selection of spirits is quite small and centered around "premium" spirits. There is also no case discount available.
Anniversary Inn, Two locations in Salt Lake City: 678 East South Temple and 460 South 1000 East. Map pin is the South Temple location., toll-free: +1-800-324-4152, saltlakeconcierge@anniversaryinn.com. Themed rooms (e.g., train car, Phantom of the Opera, country garden) make this a unique, fun, and slightly offbeat option. $199. (updated Jan 2024)
DoubleTree Suites, 110 W 600 S, ☏ +1 801-359-7800. From $135.
Grand America Hotel, 555 S Main St, ☏ +1 801-258-6000, toll-free: +1-800-304-8696. A landmark high-rise on the south end of downtown, intended to be "the best hotel ever built". The five-diamond hotel features a lovely courtyard and some of the most elaborate chandeliers and mirrors in the world. $180–330.
Hilton Salt Lake City Center, 255 S West Temple, ☏ +1 801-328-2000. Check-in: 3PM, check-out: noon.
Hotel Monaco, 15 W 200 S, ☏ +1 801-595-0000, toll-free: +1-800-805-1801. An elegant Kimpton hotel in the historic Continental Bank Building high rise. The rooms aren't large, but they are luxurious and cozy. Can be a cheaper option on weekends when it isn't in high demand among business travelers. From $109.
Hyatt Place, 55 N 400 W (next to the Gateway mall), ☏ +1 801-456-6300.
Hyatt Regency, 170 West Temple, ☏ +1 801 596-1234, SLCRS-RFP@hyatt.com. Hotel adjacent to the Salt Palace Convention Center in downtown Salt Lake. (updated Mar 2024)
Inn on the Hill, 225 North State St, ☏ +1 801-328-1466, info@innonthehillslc.com. This 11,000-square-foot (1,000-square-meter), 1906 Renaissance Revival style mansion is one of the grandest on Salt Lake's Capitol Hill. The mansion was turned into a lovely boutique hotel in 1998 and restored to its original grandeur in 2004. $150–235.
Little America Hotel, 500 S Main St, ☏ +1 801-596-5700, toll-free: +1-800-281-7899. $95–200.
Marriott City Center, 220 S State St (by the Gallivan Plaza), ☏ +1 801-961-8700. From $99.
Marriott Downtown at City Creek, 75 S West Temple (across the street from the Salt Palace Convention Center and adjacent to the City Creek Center mall), ☏ +1 801-531-0800. From $99.
Marriott University Park, 480 Wakara Way, ☏ +1 801-581-1000.
Metropolitan Inn, 524 S West Temple, ☏ +1 801-531-7100, frontdesk@metropolitaninn.com.
Microtel Inn & Suites Airport, 61 N Tommy Tompson Rd, ☏ +1 801-236-2800. Check-in: 3PM, check-out: noon.
Peery Hotel, 110 W Broadway (corner of West Temple (100 W) and Broadway (300 S)), ☏ +1 801-521-4300, toll-free: +1-800-331-0073, reservations@peeryhotel.com. Check-in: 3PM, check-out: 11AM. An upscale boutique hotel. Large windows offer nice views of the mountains, the valley, and the city vibe. $79–139.
Salt Lake Plaza SureStay Collection By Best Western, 122 W South Temple (across the street from Temple Square), ☏ +1 801-521-0130, toll-free: +1-800-366-3684. The dated exterior looks like Soviet architecture, but the rooms are pleasant, clean and smoke free. No airport shuttle is offered. $75–125. (updated Mar 2024)
Radisson Hotel Salt Lake City Downtown, 215 W South Temple (across the street from the Salt Palace Convention Center, half a block from Temple Square), ☏ +1 801-531-7500, toll-free: +1-800-967-9033, rhi_slcu@radisson.com.
Sheraton Hotel, 150 W 500 S, ☏ +1 801-401-2000. Check-in: 3PM, check-out: noon.
SpringHill Suites Salt Lake City Airport, 4955 Wiley Post Way, ☏ +1 801-532-6633.
University Guest House & Conference Center, 110 South Fort Douglas Blvd., ☏ +1 801-587-1000, toll-free: +1-888-416-4075. At Fort Douglas on the University of Utah campus. $120–220.
Salt Lake City KOA, 1400 West North Temple (near the Power UTA Trax station), ☏ +1 800-562-9510, saltlakekoa@gmail.com. Campground 14 blocks west from Temple Square and close to the UTA Trax Light Rail, which has sites for tents and RVs with 50 Max Amp full service hookups. They are open year round and have complimentary wi-fi, kitchen facilities you can use, and a pool/hot tub. (updated Jan 2020)
Pony Express RV Resort & Campground, 1012 Recreation Way (Located near the I-215 exit with UT-68 Redwood Road), ☏ +1 801 355-1550, ponyexpressrv@suncommunities.com. RV Park located minutes away from Downtown Salt Lake City that is open year round. Amenities include wi-fi access, a dog park, laundry facilities, bike rentals, and a swimming pool. (updated Jan 2020)
The Avenues Hostel, 107 North F St, ☏ +1 801-359-3855, toll-free: +1-877-467-8351, info@saltlakehostel.com. From $23.
Camelot Inn & Hostel, 165 W 800 S, ☏ +1 801-688-6196. 18 or older, no convicted felons. Beds from $18–23 per night for one person, $34 per night for two.
Crime in Salt Lake City tends to skew a bit more toward property crime than violent offenses, although, as with any city, the situation varies between neighborhoods. As a general rule, higher elevations like the east side and Capitol Hill are safer than lower-lying areas like Glendale and Rose Park, simply because affluent locals prefer the views from mountainside properties and the poorer neighborhoods are left for the valley. The vast majority of Salt Lake City is safe for tourists during daylight hours; some neighborhoods remain safe overnight, but there are certain areas to avoid after dark. Pioneer Park is near a busy homeless shelter and, despite crackdown efforts, has more than its share of drug transactions.
Violent crimes against random targets are rare. Among nearby suburbs, you're most likely to stumble across a sketchy neighborhood in South Salt Lake, West Valley City, or maybe Taylorsville.
The weather in the Salt Lake Valley presents few safety hazards – the heat of summer is always accompanied by low humidity, and winter snowstorms are usually calm. "Black ice" can make driving tricky: an invisibly thin layer can be enough to send your car skidding sideways out of your lane. The best defense against this is to simply drive slower and leave extra room for braking after a storm.
The winter temperature inversions are the biggest health hazard Salt Lake weather will throw at you. Inversions occur between snowstorms and trap dangerous levels of pollution in the lower atmosphere, affecting all low-lying areas in the Salt Lake Valley and other valleys nearby. Long-term exposure isn't considered safe for anyone, and even short-term exposure can seriously aggravate respiratory conditions such as asthma. If you can avoid the valleys, the air stays clean year-round at the ski resorts in the mountains.
Inside the Salt Lake City Main Library
Downtown is pretty well covered by an assortment of free WiFi connections from local restaurants and hotels.
Salt Lake City Main Library, 210 E 400 S (downtown, has a TRAX station named for it), ☏ +1 801-524-8200. M–Th 9AM–9PM, F Sa 9AM–6PM, Su 1–5PM. Several computers available for public use. The first floor has express computers for visitors without a library card, and the whole building has free WiFi for anyone with their own device. Branch locations around the city are starting to get wireless access as well, or you can register for an Internet Access Card with a photo ID.
Salt Lake City and most of the surrounding urban region is in an area code overlay where the 385 and 801 area codes share the same boundaries. This means a minimum of ten digits must be dialed to place even a local call.
Salt Lake Tribune. The Trib, one of two major newspapers based in Salt Lake City. The print edition publishes on Wednesdays and Sundays.
Deseret Morning News. The other major paper, the DesNews; published by the LDS Church via a subsidiary corporation, with print editions on Wednesdays and Fridays. It contains a mix of national headlines and stories related to church interests.
City Weekly. Alt-weekly paper published on Thursdays and available free at news racks around the city (as well as in libraries and many bars, restaurants, and the like). Covers current events and entertainment topics from music to theater. Their website includes professional reviews for many of the city's restaurants.
Salt Lake Underground. Free monthly entertainment guide with particular focus on music and skater culture. Known as SLUG. Like City Weekly, distributed through news racks and area businesses.
Q Salt Lake. All things LGBTQ, mostly in the form of opinion pieces.
Belgium (Honorary), 1861 Herbert Ave, ☏ +1 801-541-3885, pmdda@aol.com.
Denmark (Honorary), 524 S 600 E, ☏ +1 801-531-7061, fax: +1 801-531-9850, nvalentiner@valentiner.com. 8AM–5PM.
Netherlands (Honorary), ☏ +1 801-364-1981, fax: +1 801-355-2029, saltlakecity@ncla.org.
New Zealand (Honorary), 1655 Linden Ln, Bountiful, ☏ +1 801-296-2494, Iainbmckay@hotmail.com.
Mexico, 1380 S. Main Street, consuladoslc@consulmexslc.org.
Sweden, 60 East South Temple, 3rd Floor, ☏ +1 801 937-9093, saltlakecity@consulateofsweden.org. Serves Utah, Idaho, and Montana.
Salt Lake City is a good jumping off point for a road trip in the Mountain West.
Going North, you can reach Jackson (Wyoming), the kitchy but fun gateway to the Grand Teton National Park and Yellowstone National Park in a few hours.
Going West, Wendover (Utah/Nevada) is just a couple of hours away, and you pass the venerable Bonneville Salt Flats, home to many land speed records, on the way. About two hours north of Wendover is the remote land art piece Sun Tunnels by Nancy Holt, wife of Robert Smithson who constructed the perhaps better known Spiral Jetty, north of Salt Lake City.
Going Southwest, a less traveled path would be to head to Delta (Utah) where you can hit some nice hot springs and see / experience the history of Japanese internment camps at the Topaz Museum and Site. You can then continue West on US-50 to experience the Loneliest Road in America. In the next 400 miles you will only encounter 3 small towns, so be sure to fill up your tank! At the far end, you'll hit Lake Tahoe and Reno.
Heading East, there's some interesting alternative routes to I-80. Passing Park City (Utah) you can take the US-40 exit to continue on to Kamas and then the Mirror Lake Highway, a very scenic mountain road that takes you up to 10,000 feet elevation with many lakes and stunning vistas. This road is closed in the winter, be sure to inquire with the Forest Service. Another alternate route east is to continue on US-40 towards Vernalm visit Dinosaur National Monument and continue on into Colorado where you'll hit Steamboat Springs.
Heading Southeast, you can take I-15 to Spanish Fork and take the US-6 East exit towards Price. This is a nice and varied drive that connects back up to I-70 near Green River (Utah). From there you can head on towards Moab (Arches National Park, Dead Horse Point State Park, Canyonlands National Park) or further east into Colorado. Another option is to take I-15 an hour further south and get off at Scipio, take US-50 and then UT-24 towards Capitol Reef National Park. Just east of Torrey you can take the very scenic Highway 12 towards Escalante, This is a great alternative route to Zion National Park and Bryce Canyon National Park if you have a little more time. The Capitol Reef area is a great place to spend the night to make that a 2 day trip from SLC to those parks.
If you don't have that kind of time, the straight shot to Bryce and Zion is to just head South on I-15. After visiting the parks, you can spend the night in the area. Springdale (Utah) is the gateway to Zion but can be booked / expensive in the spring, summer and fall. Bryce Canyon has a couple of lodges inside and just outside the park. Cheaper options are in St. George (Utah). Las Vegas is just 2 hours from there (but an hour behind, Vegas (and all of Nevada) is on Pacific time.
Ogden, built up through decades of being the transfer station in the middle of the transcontinental railroad, has Utah's second most urbanized downtown environment and a better bar/club district on Historic 25th Street than anything you'll find in Salt Lake City. It's about a 30- to 45-minute drive north on Interstate 15, or you can take FrontRunner or the 470 bus.
Park City and Alta are skiing resort towns nestled in the Wasatch Mountains, if winter recreation is what bring you to the Salt Lake area. Park City hosts the internationally renowned Sundance Film Festival once a year in January.
Wendover, 120 miles (190 km) due west of Salt Lake City on the Nevada border, is a popular gambling getaway with large casino resorts modeled after the ones on the Las Vegas strip. Summer and early autumn bring a series of land speed racing events to the Bonneville Salt Flats next door.
→ Park City → Rock Springs
→ West Valley City → Draper
This city travel guide to Salt Lake City is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.