Santa Cruz (or Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is the capital of the department of Santa Cruz.
Santa Cruz is the most populous city and heart of the second most populous metropolitan area in Bolivia, and it is considered the most economically prosperous city in the country.
Santa Cruz is a boomtown whose population has increased tenfold in the last 25 years, it is almost in the center of Bolivia and is the capital city of the department of Santa Cruz. It lies at one end of the Death Train's line.
For its first 400 years Santa Cruz was very poor and far from potential markets to be able to grow at all. It shares this with the rest of eastern, northern and south eastern Bolivia for most of its history, up until some 50 years ago when a paved road was opened and the possibility of markets opened which summed with some royalties from oil production they also started receiving served as seed to one of the fastest growing cities and economies in the continent. Growth was slow to start but after some 20 years it was spectacular. Today it is difficult to imagine this city and provincial towns of the department for what they really were some 25 or 50 years ago.
In contrast to La Paz and the other major Bolivian cities located high in the Andes, Santa Cruz lies at an altitude of 416 meters, and its climate is distinctly tropical. Santa Cruz is furrowed by drainage ditches.
During the winter months of July-August, there are occasional periods when strong Southern Winds (Surazos) come from Argentina and bring a cold front accompanied by extreme winds.
Although, the country´s official language and main language is Spanish, most places (stores specially) will be able to understand Portuguese and English. If they do not speak those languages, they will probably get someone that does. The people are really friendly, they will try their truly best to talk to you if you are a foreigner.
Map of Santa Cruz (city, Bolivia)
If you arrive during carnival (during February, sometimes March) it is almost impossible to change money as everything except markets, restaurants and internet cafes are closed. Traders will accept U.S. dollars but at half the going rate. Also be prepared to be pelted with ink filled water balloons, soaked with water bombs and covered in string spray. Wear clothes you don`t mind having permanently stained.
There are many bus companies from another cities, like Cochabamba, La Paz, Sucre, Trinidad, that go to Santa Cruz de la Sierra. You can arrive from La Paz in about 18 hours, and it takes about 10 hours from Cochabamba.
To and from the Brazilian border in Corumba/Puerto Quijarro is cheaper and faster (10 hr and tickets from Bs. 40) than the famous death train.
Asunción (Paraguay) – The bus is extremely slow (the Transchaco Highway is only paved as far as the Bolivian border), buses generally travel only at night - meaning that you miss out on any views of the Chaco, and roadblocks on the Bolivian side of the border can cause your journey time to double. There is at least one bus daily. The trip takes 21-24 hr, costs US$40-60 (bargain if you can), and flights might actually only be marginally more expensive, depending on the time of booking. Any intermediate exit or boarding (like Filadelfia or Villamontes) will likely cost the same as the complete trip. But if your nerves are strong, you will get the price down bargaining directly with the bus driver.
A taxi from the bus terminal to the center will cost about Bs. 12.
The "death train" (so named because of its history in transporting Yellow Fever victims) runs on bumpy tracks from Puerto Quijarro, close to Corumbá on the Brazilian side. There is a variety of different trains offering different classes and prices. The journey takes 13-17 hr. The most comfortable option, with cama seats, is the "Ferrobus" (Tu Th Sa) which costs Bs. 235 per person (Jul 2019). Expreso Oriental needs longer, but only costs Bs. 70. Tickets can be purchased days in advance at the station (Terminal Bimodal) or online (ticktsBolivia.com, plus a US$7 fee). Biting insects are plentiful, so get repellent before you go. It's also a good idea to have blankets or a sleeping bag with you in the colder months of June-August.
The railway between Santa Cruz and Puerto Quijarro is operated by Ferroviaria Oriental S.A.dead link.
Ferrobus serving Santa Cruz - Puerto Quijarro
For crossing the border see Puerto Quijarro.
From Corumbá the bus-ride to Sao Paulo takes about another 24 hr.
Viru Viru International Airport (VVI IATA). Bolivia's largest and most modern airport, and a hub for BoA. International flights on BoA travel to Madrid, São Paulo, and Buenos Aires with other destinations on the horizon. AeroSur is no longer operational. American Airlines flies direct to Miami. Other options include a variety of destinations via Panama, and LATAM and Avianca also fly to Santa Cruz. Gol Airlines and Aerolineas Argentinas also offer flights to São Paulo and Buenos Aires, respectively. Air Europa also flies direct to Madrid.
Getting there/away: To get into downtown Santa Cruz from the airport you have two options. The first is to take a taxi that will charge you approximately Bs. 50. This is probably the easiest and most comfortable way to get into town. Make sure to ask the driver the fare since there is not a sign with prices to different parts of the city. If you are on a tight budget the second option is a "micro" or mini-bus that waits outside the front doors of the airport that leaves every 20 min, the fare for the bus is Bs. . There is an additional surcharge of Bs. 4 for the buses that depart after 22:00. This bus follows the Cristo Redentor Avenue and then along the First Ring where it stops near the former bus terminal. To get to the main plaza, ask the driver to let you off at Libertad and Primer Anillo (First Ring). From there, it is about a seven-block walk.
El Trompillo Airport (SRZ IATA). It is the city's older airport. Major airlines have daily flights to Santa Cruz de la Sierra, mainly from La Paz (about 4 flights per day: early in the morning, in the afternoon, early in the evening, and late in the night). From Cochabamba (about 2 flights per day). Flights to international cities are also daily, (Sao Paulo, Brasil - Buenos Aires, Argentina - Lima, Peru - there are daily flights). American Airlines has daily service to and from Miami.
Getting there/away: Trompillo is very close to the city center, and is thus a cheaper taxi ride. Micros also pass by the airport, exit the departure hall and walk down the road to the right until you reach an intersection. Cross the street and wait for Micro 40 or 42. The information counter in the airport provides helpful information and distributes free maps.
About Bolivian airlines and flying within Bolivia: Bolivia#Get_around
Micros 17 and 18 travel the first ring, Micros 72 and 73 travel the second ring. To get to the center from Parque Urbano take Micro 69 or 100. You can pick up a map of all the bus routes from many "librerias" or bookstores downtown. There is also a great mobile app called Cruzero (both for iOS and Android) which contains route maps of all micros. It can also find you an optimal route if you just select the source and the destination on the city map. There is a website with the same content as well:
The fare for most micros is Bs. 2, but some of the ones that go further charge more, and the one that goes to the airport charges Bs. 6.
Shared taxis circulate the rings as well, they are called "trufis". Look for the signs on the roof. Faster than Micros and more comfortable because you can actually sit down. The fare for most trufis is Bs. 2.
Taxis in Santa Cruz are relatively expensive to other Bolivian cities. Make sure to settle on a price with a driver before heading to your destination. Fares are typically around Bs. 10-15, but if the driver senses you are a tourist they may charge you upwards of Bs. 20-40. Prices to the airport may be between Bs. 60-90.
Uber has been operating in Santa Cruz. Fares are very competitive with radio taxis or taxis hailed from the street with cars generally in good condition with air conditioning. Option to pay in cash also available.
InDriver is the most common app used in Santa Cruz. You set your own price for a trip and wait until a driver accepts it. You can set a lower rate but may wait longer until someone accepts.
Easy Taxi is another app-based service.
Piraí river (close to Cabañas)
El Rio Pirai - this is the river that symbolizes so much to Santa Cruz citizens.
Monseñor Rivero (Boulevard Cruceño) - this is where most people spend the late afternoon portion of the days; starting at 17:00.
La Plaza - go on a Sunday, at around 23:00... just feel the breeze, relax, and close your eyes. Also, and *very* important: get a "cafe con leche" or "cafe cortadito" from anyone who sells them, especially if you see on their shirts the name "Cafe Marcelino". Best coffee of your life.
In Santa Cruz you can book some great excursions, like a trekking in Park Amboro, Noel Kempff, a river boat trip in the Amazon region, cultural excursions to the Jesuit Missions etc.
Climb the church tower. Of the Cathedral of Santa Cruz. Bs. 3. (updated May 2018)
Jardín Botánico Municipal (Zoológico Municipal) (Minibus 32 verde). Not so big but quite pleasant zoo focused on South American animals. There is a food court and some kiosks inside. Many micros pass by the entrance, e.g. the one to Cotoca. Bs. 10. (updated May 2018)
Sloths of Cotoca. Go sloth "hunting" with your camera at the plaza of Cotoca and try if you can spot the 6ish sloths in the treetops without the help of the locals. Basically, they are high up in the trees, not moving and looking like a roundish part of the tree, but sometimes you can catch a face or their fingers. You probably will never see them move much, this is just the expectation you have from various documentaries about them, a slowly moving sloth. (updated May 2018)
Biocentro & Resort Güembé. Nature park with a big aviary, butterfly conservatory, monkey island, monkey enclosure and some other animals. There are also a few swimming pools and a restaurant. It's a few km out of Santa Cruz, but there is a shuttle bus from Ventura Mall going there every day at , ,  and  (as of April 2018). Single fare Bs. 10. The bus stops at Cuarto Anillo street just in front of the mall. The stop is not signposted, but the bus has some Güembé labels on it. There are also return buses at  and . Entrance fee to the park is Bs. 140 which is a bit pricey for the value you get, but having said that the aviary is really nice and the whole area is really well-maintained.
CineCenter (on the 2nd Ring). A movie theater complex with a variety of film offerings, a food court, shopping mall, and some high-end cafes and restaurants. It also has a 3D movie theater, a video arcade, and an indoor playground for small children. A good place to go especially on Sundays.
Estadio Ramón Tahuichi Aguilera (Main Stadium) (inside the 1st Ring). Hosts soccer games and the occasional high-profile concert. Can get crowded during The Clasico when Santa Cruz's two main soccer teams, Oriente Petrolero and Blooming, play against each other. Use caution when at the stadium due to often drunk and rowdy fans.
Bowling (downtown). Bowling alley. Bowling shoes can be rented there, which is not included in the price per hour. There is a food and beverage kiosk inside. Expensive.
Plaza 24 de Septiembre (Principal Plaza). The city's main plaza, where locals and tourists alike gather to hang out and observe each other. There are benches and small tables to play chess at, there are numerous pidgeons to feed, and several cafes and restaurants surrounding it. The city's main cathedral is here and is quite beautiful. During the day you can pay to enter the cathedral's small museum and climb to the top of the belltower (Bs 3), where you can get a nice view of the plaza from above.
Cabañas del Rio Pirai (West part of the city, reachable by minibuses which can be found by walking west from central plaza). Little houses close to the river, where people entertain, and where you can taste some local dishes. (updated Jan 2019)
Yvaga Guazu park (Out of the city, on the road to La Guardia. Catch a minibus (ask people) with red markings somewhere close to 2nd ring on the street leading to La Guardia. Ask the driver to stop at Yvaga Guazu park.). People say, vegetation in Yvaga Guazu resembles vegetation in big national parks like Madidi, Noel Kempf Mercado, etc. So, if you can't visit these parks, try to visit Yvaga Guazu. They have guides in Spanish. (updated Jan 2019)
Lomas de Arena (Out of the city. You can get there by minibus 21 (goes each 5 min; ask the driver to stop at Lomas de Arena) and walk (7,5 km). For the right place to catch minibus, ask people at the crossroads on east corner of El Trompillo airport on the 2nd ring.). Quite impressive sand desert. You can walk over sand dunes, watch birds and ants (termites?). There is a marketplace close to the ticket office, you can buy water and food. From the ticket office to the desert is a  km road (single, you won't get lost) to the desert, takes  hr to walk but you can ask for a "mototaxi". Bs. 10. (updated Jan 2019)
FEXPOCRUZ - Feria Exposicion de Santa Cruz / Exposition fairs
Gobierno Municipal de Santa Cruz de la Sierra / City hall - general tourism information
Gobierno Departamental de Santa Cruzdead link / Local government - general tourism information available
Santa Cruz hosts one of the most famous soccer academy in the world. "Academia de Futbol Tahuichi Aguilera". Their unique and original way of training young soccer players to become professionals in the future. They train in rivers and ran through mountains of sand. Young players from all over the world come to this academy to experience its training method.
There are several good restaurants in the north of the city. One of the main clusters of restaurants is spread around Avenida Monseñor Rivero.
El Aljibe, ☏ +591 3 335 2277. 4 blocks from the central square, on the corner between Potosí and Ñuflo de Chavez. Very good place to try delicious Camba food in a beautiful setting. The restaurant is named for the traditional style well it has in its central courtyard (aljibe in Guaraní). Costs about Bs. 35 per main dish. The Majao del Pato (spicy rice dish with duck, egg and bananas) is very tasty, as is the Locro de Gallina (hearty chicken soup). Popular with locals.
Capri – Many locations including Avenida Monseñor Rivero and Avenida Melchor Pinto. Excellent pizzeria with Italian-style pizza. Owned by an Argentinian of Italian descent. Pizzas cost around Bs. 50 each and are large enough to share between two people.
Empanaderia Las Charcas – On Avenida Melchor Pinto, one of the best empanaderias in the centre. They are fried while you wait and cost Bs. 6 or 7 each depending on the filling (the Lechón, or suckling pig, filling is one of the richest).
Papa Jack – A very impressive restaurant located in an ally near Avenida Monseñor Rivero. It is very clean and modern, and has many types of food in it (their definition -casual restaurant). The prices around Bs. 50 per person.
Picolo's – One of the local favorites. There, you can get some of the best ice cream in Santa Cruz. Look for the small Jesus statute on your tourist maps, most of them are in the Avenida Monseñór Rivero.
Casa del Camba – On the second ring, Tel: 342-7864. Excellent outdoor style restaurant with option to eat indoors as well. Has live music and dance floor with a traditional Santa Cruz atmosphere. Very good service, clean and reasonably priced. Friday and Saturdays are busy it can handle a lot of people.
Michelango's – Calle Warnes and Chuquisaca. Serves excellent Italian style food in a great atmosphere.
The Irish Pub – In the main plaza is a great place for meeting other tourists, locals, watching sports on TV and enjoying good food, beer, music and a cozy atmosphere. Service is slow but there is a pleasant terrace that has a good view of the main plaza. Does not have Guinness or any beer other than the usual lagers.
Another good tip for small snacks and eating are the Cafeterias, Cake and Ice stores in the Avenida Ayacucho (more or less the corner España) - Dumbo is quite good.
Design Center, Second Ring between René Moreno St. and Monseñor Santiestevan St.. There is a big food court with a lot of fast-food options: from vegetarian salads to Argentine-style grilled steaks. Inside the mall, you can also found several stores of famous brands: Calvin Klein, Hollister, Abercrombie & Fitch.
Los Lomitos. A delicious steakhouse offering a mix of traditional Argentine and Bolivian cuisine for a good price.
Fridolin. A lovely pastry and coffee bistro that has excellent desserts. The savory food is however not-that-great and very expensive (Bs 30 for a very small pizza).
Alexander's Cafe (Main location: Avenida Monseñor Rivero.). A slightly pricey but delicious café that offers good food (including vegetarian options) and fair trade coffee. Like Starbucks, it's a great place to hang out for a few hours with their WiFi. Service is sometimes slow. (updated Dec 2017)
dead link Cruz/Santa Cruz de la Sierra/Bolivia Yogenfruz (in the Cine Center food court and also on the Monseñor). Sells wonderful frozen yogurt that rivals all the other ice cream shops in the city! You can choose your fruit and watch them make it for you.
Bits and Cream (Canoto, inside Cine Center, near the central Plaza). Similar to Cold Stone Creamery in America, you pick you flavors of ice cream, toppings and they will mix it up for you. Sometimes they even throw your ice cream across the room and catch it for you!
Pollo Moderno. Don't miss out on the chance to eat what most Bolivian families go out to eat for! Though restaurants selling pollo a la broasted abound, this is just one particularly good one. Chicken comes with rice, platano, and French fries.
Chifa Mandarin (Avenida Irala). Delicious Chinese food, offering excellent service and a clean, pleasing atmosphere. Other great choices include Shanghai (Avenida 26 de febrero #27) and Palacio del Dragón (Avenida Irala 679, tel. (591) 3-3335340.
Kiwi's Coffee, Calle Potosi #395 (downtown, between Calle Warnes and Calle Republiquteas), ☏ +591 3227748. M-F 07:00-21:00, Sa 09:00-21:00, Su 15:00-21:00. Offers quality hot and cold beverages, including great iced cappuccinos, accompanied by fresh pastries for a moderate price. English-speaking environment. Has a New Zealand theme, and is cozy and comfortable with sofa seating available. The only smoking permitted indoors are shishas or hookahs (Arabic water pipes) which can be rented. Also has WiFi internet available. Moderate.
Hard Rock Cafe (upstairs by the Principal Plaza). Open late and often hosting live rock music, this little bar is great at night. It offers light food, coffee, and lots of alcohol. It is decorated with rock-memorabilia and has footage from rock concerts projected onto the walls, making it a nice place for rock aficionados. Expensive.
Equipetrol – this is the neighborhood where all the night life happens! Try any club or disco there.
Avenida Busch is a good place to start a longer night. There are several Pubs there and you are still close to the center. If you want some classic Italian cappuccino, espresso, frappuccino or croissant there is the "Espresso del Oriente" Cafe-Pub on Bolivar Street 272 2½ blocks from the main Plaza. A during-the-week runner is the Irish pub at the main Plaza.
Av. Monseñor Rivero is a popular boulevard if you want a coffee or a drink.
Bar Lorca (On the corner of the main Plaza, next to the cathedral and Cafe 24). Very beautiful bar with a large courtyard and Moorish tiles. Has a stage and live music on most nights. Good selection of cocktails and also has a food menu. Free WiFi.
Café 24 (On SE corner of main plaza). As well as being a cafe/bistro during the day this turns into quite a nice little bar during the night. Good selection of drinks and there is frequently live music.
La Bodeguita (Calle Castelnau, off Monseñor Rivero). Based on Hemingway's favorite haunt in La Habana, this is a pleasant Cuban bar. Good place to drink mojitos and Cuba libres while listening to live Cuban music (varies depending on the night but they sometimes have Nueva Trova, as well as the ubiquitous Buena Vista Social Club Covers). Cheaper than most of the places actually on Monseñor Rivero
formerly dead link Duda Bar, Florida 228 (Between Spain St and 21 de Mayo St), ☏ +591 76025522. A very old beautiful house in downtown Santa Cruz. The decoration is eclectic, kitsch but very cute. The art collections is provided by local artists, it is always changing. “Cachivachero” also, but with taste.
La Feria Barrio Lindo. Previously not a very clean place, but now polished up. You will be amazed of how cheap clothing and food is in here... A must see! (updated May 2018)
Supermarkets – 5 main supermarket chain service the population. Prices are generally higher than in the Europe since a great part of the available groceries is imported. Same applies for cosmetics and accessories. IC Norte, Fidalga, Hipermaxi, HiperPlaza and SLAN basically offer the same range of producuts and none is significantly better or cheaper than the other. The Hipermaxi in Av. Banzer has usually freshly baked goods , the Fidalga on the other side of the street is pretty new and has a nice food court.
Clothes, furniture, etc. – In this section as well a great deal of the products is imported resulting in a higher price than usual in western countries. Cheaper, second hand articles can be found in the markets of La Ramada or Los Pozos. There are no big stores such as BestBuy or IKEA that offer this kind of secondary need products in a large scale environment.
Souvenirs – Although tyipical Bolivian Souvenirs can be found cheaper and in better quality and variety in the Andean region, Santa Cruz offers those as well mainly around the main Plaza 24 de Septiembre. Typically Oriental Bolivian products can be found there as well. A nice alternative is the handicrafts market on Sundays behind the main church in the so called Manzana 1. Accessories store Hevea Bolivia Accessories offers stylish handbags and accessories (you guessed it) in its own workshop made from recycled tire inner tubes. Direction is Calle Nuflo de Chavez #715, almost first ring.
There are some hotels close to the bus terminal which is a bit further away from the center. A large Bolivia hotels and hostels directory is www.boliviahostels.com, they offer accommodation all over the country and you can make reservations for free.
Cheaper alojamientos and hospedajes are located across the First Ring Road down smaller streets near Calle Mercado. Rooms here run around Bs. 40-60 for a single without a fan, or Bs. 60-90 for a single with a fan. The area can be a little rough after dark, mostly later at night. It would be recommendable to look for a place to stay here in the daylight.
Alojamiento Viajero - basic rooms with hard beds for Bs. 20. Next to the Samaipata Taxi company.
Hotel Turista (Formerly Hostel Ambar), calle Mercado 554 (5 blocks from main plaza), ☏ +591 3 3358959. Check-in: 12:00, check-out: 12:00. Clean place in centro near the First Ring. Breakfast, good wifi. Cheaper than other offerings in centro, though maybe not quite as nice. single with fan Bs. 120.
Hotel Suecia - double rooms from Bs. 80
Jodanga Backpackers Hostel. Pool, Jacuzzi, pool table, cable TV, kitchen, breakfast included, WiFi and computers - dorms from Bs. 70. Strictly enforced rules but fair, clean and well-run.
Residencial 7 de Mayo - double rooms Bs. 60
Hotel Bibosi Junín 218, 1 block west of main square. Cheaper rooms are small and dark with only a fan, while more expensive rooms have air con and more light. Includes breakfast, cable TV, WiFi. Singles from $19.
Hotel Amazonas Junín 214. It is located in Downtown, Some rooms have balconies, other windows, and for those who want to avoid noise, it has indoor rooms. Includes cable Tv, WiFi, it's a good simple choice. Singles from US$18.
Residencial 7 de Mayo, next to the new Bus-Terminal (Ismael Montes/Interradial) - double rooms with shared bathrooms: Bs. 60
Hotel Tropical Inn, Calle España 351, 3. Blocks northwest of main plaza. Tel: 334-6666. Probably the best value 3-star hotel in central Santa Cruz. Clean, large wood-paneled rooms with good beds and A/C. Some rooms have views. All have cable TV, WiFi on every floor. Friendly staff, breakfast on roof included. Singles for Bs. 200, Doubles for Bs. 240.
Hotel Copacabana Junín 217, 1 block west of the main plaza. Tel: 336-2770. Across the street from Amazonas and Bibosi. Friendly staff, clean and modern rooms with cable TV and WiFi throughout. Rooms are small, however, and the cheaper ones don't offer much privacy. Rooms with fans start at Bs. 144. for a single. Rooms with AirCon more. Simple continental breakfast included.
Hotel Viru Viru - Junín 338, 2 blocks West of main plaza. Tel: 333-5298. A bit run-down, entire place needs sprucing up. Supposedly has WiFi. "Breakfast" included, offerings of which are typically gone by 8:30AM. Most rooms have cable TV and air con. The big selling point of this hotel, however, is the pool - the only hotel in town in this price range to have one. Nice on those stifling hot Santa Cruz days. Singles start at US$25.
Hotel Lido, C/ 21 de Mayo esq. Cuellar #527, ☏ +591 3-3363555. Hotel Lido offers single room, double room, triple room, family room, matrimonial room and suite with air-conditioning, cable TV and internet access. Its facilities and services include restaurant, fitness room/gym, room service and airport transfer.
Senses Boutique Hotel Calle Rene Moreno esq Plaza 24 Septiembre. Claims to be Santa Cruz's only boutique hotel. Overlooks the main plaza and the rooftop bar/restaurant offers a direct view on to the cathedral. Rooftop pool. Decorated in a minimal style. Multi-lingual staff.
If you have a layover in Viru Viru, you can rent a room in the airport if you want to take a nap or if you get in late and have an early flight the next morning. It's called en-kma and is a small dorm style room with wi-fi, bed, mini-fridge, tv, and air conditioning. It's US$10/hour but if you stay longer, they will give you a discount. It's surprisingly very clean and more comfortable than expected.
Do not go beyond the fourth ring "El Cuarto Anillo" alone with or without a car.
Do not participate in political demonstrations before finding out more.
One very positive thing about Santa Cruz is that it is mostly dog-free.
United States (Consular Agency), Avenida Roque Aguilera #146 (3er Anillo), ☏ +591-2-216-8000, fax: +591-3-351-3478.
Most hostels and upper hotels have proper WiFi.
A good internet cafe is at the corner of Avenida Cañoto and Buenos Aires. Its hyperfast, air conditioned and cheap.
Cheap call centers can be found everywhere in the city. Tel Viva use communication over the internet and charge Bs. /minute.
Samaipata – A small town in the mountains 2 hr away, old and beautiful. It has El Fuerte ruins and other attractions. Shared taxis leave from:
Expresso Samaipata (Av. Omar Chavez Ortiz 1147 esquina Soliz de Olguin - Tel. 333-5067). From the terminal take the bus number 8 to get there. They leave with at least 4 passengers, Bs 30. Takes 3 hr.
El Fuerte (2do Anillo Av. Grgota esq. Aruma - Tel. 359-8958). Bs. 25.
Cotoca – A little town 40 min away from Santa Cruz, extremely old and filled with culture. Features an interesting Sunday market. Also, in the treetops of the plaza you can find a handful of just sitting around and barely moving sloths, if you are able to spot them—if not, ask the locals. (Bring a zoom camera!)
Buena Vista – A little colonial town -3 hr away town with tropical climate and filled with culture / beautiful. Enjoy the fish there served on a plate, which seems to be popular.
San Javier – A little colonial Jesuit town  hr away with semi tropical climate and filled with culture baroque music and old cattle ranches.
Concepción – Another little colonial Jesuit town  hr away with semi tropical climate and filled with culture (spectacular church) and baroque music.
Sucre – Constitutional capital of Bolivia, white and beautiful city with relaxed atmosphere, has interesting surroundings. There are overnight buses (cama) from Terminal Bimodal (i.e. leave at 16:00 and cost 160 Bs.) on mainly bumpy roads. The ride at night may be cold, so prepare some warm clothes. Buses stop at Samaipata (though tourist info people in Terminal Bimodal may say otherwise).
Asunción, Paraguay – There are buses, and the trip takes around 23 hr. Daily departures in the evening from the Nuevo Terminal. US$40-50 for a bus including food (bargain as much as you can). The travel agencies will not hesitate to lie to sell you a ticket and an old seat will become a "cama". Expect 15 to 18 police checks on the way, especially in Paraguay. The road through the Chaco is quite good, but the trip is very long.
Corumbá, Brazil – Take the famous Death Train to the Brazilian border and from there head west into Brazil or south into Paraguay. See Get in (By train) for more details.
This city travel guide to Santa Cruz is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.