Split is a city in Central Dalmatia, Croatia, and the seat of the Split-Dalmatia county. The city was built around the Diocletian palace (a palace/fort built for the retired Roman emperor Diocletian) where the locals sought refuge centuries ago.
Wandering the historic centre of Split you can still clearly see the Roman walls, squares, and temples.
Split, view from the hill Marjan
Because of its ideal climate, with 2,800 hours of sunlight each year, local people have a few nicknames for Split: "The most beautiful city in the world" and "Mediterranean flower". Many famous Croatian sports people were born in Split, so locals often nicknamed their city "The sportiest city in the world". The most popular sport institution is the football club Hajduk. Large portions of the city are painted with the club's colors and logo. This is done by Torcida, the oldest supporters group in Europe, established in 1950.
Besides the bell tower of St. Duje, the symbols of city are the Dalmatian dog and a donkey. Locals have a high regard for the donkey because of its past indispensable place in field work and transport across the Dalmatian mountains.
Winters in Split are generally mild for Europe, with temperatures above 0 °C (32 °F), but despite the popular saying that the city experiences snowfall once every 30 years, there is actually at least one snowy day nearly every winter, usually in January or early February. If you find yourself in Split on a day with significant snowfall, expect serious traffic disruption.
TIC Riva (Tourist Information Centre), Obala Hrv. narodnog preporoda 9. (updated Aug 2016)
TIC Peristil (Tourist Information Centre), Peristil bb (at a tiny former chapel). (updated Aug 2016)
Diocletian's Palace, reconstruction of the original appearance
Zračna luka Split (Split Airport SPU IATA) (25 km west of Split, 5 km east of Trogir). Most flights are budget and charter airlines bringing in holiday-makers, highly seasonal. Destinations include Amsterdam, Athens, Barcelona, Belgrade, Berlin, Cologne, Copenhagen, Dublin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Geneva, Glasgow, Gothenburg, Hamburg, Hannover, Helsinki, Katowice, Leeds-Bradford, London LCY LGW LHR Luton & Stansted, Lyon, Madrid, Marseille, Milan MXP, Moscow SVO, Munich, Nantes, Naples, Nice, Oslo, Paris CDG & Orly, Prague, Rome FCO, Stockholm ARN, Toulouse, Venice, Vienna, Warsaw and Zürich. There are domestic flights to Dubrovnik, Zagreb, Pula, Rijeka and Osijek. Enter from the large bus park into the ground floor check-in area next to Arrivals. Go to the first floor for departures; this has a cafe and limited seating, but there's a much larger ground-side seating area and cafe on the second floor. From the first floor go through security and you enter seating for domestic Gates 1 & 2, often empty but with no other facilities. For all international flights go through passport control to the open-plan Gates 3-10, with cafes and shops. A coffee costs € ground-side and € air-side, which shows what a bargain their "duty-free" prices are. There's free WiFi internet. (updated Sep 2019)
To Split: the Airport Shuttle Bus dead link runs at least hourly between the airport and inter-city bus station, taking 30 min. From town it runs 05:00-21:00; into town it runs 07:30-23:00. One-way fare is €8.
Bus 37 plies every 30 min 04:00-00:00 between Trogir, the airport, and Split's local bus station Sukoišan; it doesn't run to the inter-city station. The bus stops are just outside the airport, walk south out of the parking lot onto the highway Cesta Dr. Franje Tuđmana. The stop on the near side is westbound for Trogir, which takes 10 min, fare €; the opposite-side stop is eastbound via Kaštel Stari and Solin to Split, taking 50 min, fare €. You can pay the driver.
Further north towards Šibenik, Zadar and Rijeka, buses fly past on the main highway and don't call at the airport, but they do call at nearby Trogir every hour. So you can save some time and money by taking transport to Trogir rather than doubling back via Split. In July and August only, there's a direct bus between the airport and Šibenik every couple of hours, taking almost 3 hours.
Going south towards Makarska and Dubrovnik, simply head for Split and change. For the islands, most ferries sail from Split, but those for the Drvenik Veli i Drvenik Mali sail from Trogir.
Taxi: the taxi stand is just left as you exit the terminal. To Split expect to pay €46, 30 minutes; to Trogir €14.
Most international services to Split involve a change of buses in Zagreb, but Flixbus have direct buses from Vienna (11 hr), Munich (13 hr) and Mostar (4 hr). There is also a direct service to Sarajevo which runs multiple times daily.
Croatian inter-city buses run north to Šibenik, Zadar, Rijeka and Zagreb, and south to Makarska and (via Neum in Bosnia & Herzegovina) to Dubrovnik.
The long-distance bus station,  Autobusni kolodvor Split is next to the railway station and ferry port. It has ticket offices, toilets, left luggage and indoor seating; outside on the quay are lots of little cafes and kiosks.
The airport bus runs to this station, but most local services (e.g. west through Solin to Trogir) depart instead from the local bus station 1 km north, see "Get around".
Cruise ships, long distance and short-run ferries all dock at the passenger port next to the bus & railway stations. Ferries run three times a week across the Adriatic to and from Ancona and Pescara (Italy). There is also a large ferry that runs twice a week up and down the coast between Dubrovnik and Rijeka, stopping off at a couple of islands along the way. Split is the main hub for local boats and hydrofoils in Central Dalmatia. Several a day run to and from Brač, Hvar, Šolta, Vis, Korčula and Lastovo.
The major operators here are:
Jadrolinija. State-owned sea shipping company. They have regular lines connecting the Croatian shore to its islands and with Italy.
SNAV. Italian sea shipping company with ferries from Ancona to and from Split. Tickets starting at €30 for a single crossing without cabin. Operates April-October only.
Krilo Shipping Company Croatian private sea shipping company with regular ferry lines connecting Split with islands Brač and Šolta. The ferries offer mediocre views for passengers as they travel, as the ships travel as far as possible from coastlines (except when approaching a port), the ships generally lack any outside deck, and window sight lines often poor.
Trains run to Split from Zagreb once daily (with a second train mid-summer) taking six hours, and once overnight. Zagreb has trains from Vienna and Budapest, and connections across the rest of Europe. From Rijeka (which has trains from Zagreb, Ljubljana and elsewhere) there is one daytime and one overnight service changing at Ostarije, seven hours. From Šibenik there are five services changing at Perković, taking a couple of hours. During summer season, Regiojet runs a sleeper service from Prague, Brno, Bratislava and Budapest, arriving in Split at lunchtime.
The main railway station (Kolodvor Split) is next to the bus station and ship terminals. The station is grubby and basic but has left luggage. Many of these trains also stop at Split Predgrađe station in the north of the city.
Split railway station. (updated Nov 2021)
Split Predgrađe railway station. (updated Nov 2021)
43°30′29″N 16°26′24″EThe Old Town of Split
harbour, bus terminal, and train station
Central Split is quite compact and most sights can be easily seen and best experienced on foot, but there are frequent local buses to outlying attractions and the airport.
Public transport is run by Promet. Most of the city buses in Split are new, but some are very old and dilapidated. You can find routes and schedules from Easyway journey planner. The station for town and local buses is  Kolodvor Sukoišan - these don't use the main station 1 km south by the harbour. To transfer between stations use Bus 9 / 10 or just walk.
The fare is determined by the number of zones traveled, ranging from €2 for within Split to €4 between Split and Trogir one way. These can be purchased from the driver, at a kiosk, or using the Promet ticket app from a smartphone. Two-way tickets cost €, but you have to buy them in blocks of 5 or 10 from a kiosk. A one-month ticket is €39.
Local buses you might use are Bus 37 to the airport and Trogir described earlier, and Bus 60 to Omiš and Ravnicki Most which runs every 30 min. Long-distance buses from the inter-city station also pass through Omiš en route to Makarska.
Rent a bike and enjoy beautiful biking along Split's waterfront (Riva), continue to Marjan hill (approximately 7 km), climb to the top of the hill for great view on the Split town and surrounding islands. You can bike to the east side, along the coast to nearby village of Stobrec. Another great option from Split is to take a day tour to nearby islands of Solta, Brac, Hvar or Vis. You can take the bike on a regular ferry (they leave approximately every couple of hours in the summer season) and bike along quite roads and charming villages, explore great beaches and restaurants and return in the evening to Split!
Older but rideable mountain bikes are available for €2/hour (March 2012) at the northern entrance to Marjan hill (near Mandalinski put).
RAFT Croatia (RAFT Croatia), Obala kneza Domagoja, sales@raftcroatia.com. daily 24 hr. Online ferry platform to search, compare and buy ferry tickets in Croatia.
Speed taxi boat is an excellent solution for fast transportation of passengers on whole Adriatic. Said service is available through Dalmatia-express for direct transportation from airport Split to Split Riva or from Split Riva to Dalmatia islands.
If you don't know how to sail, there are a few companies that offer skippered charters in the area..
A suburban train uses the main line from Split as far west as Kaštel Stari. It doesn't reach the airport: they've announced an extension there by 2025, but have yet to identify funding so it's probably more like 2035.
Bolt. (updated Jul 2022)
Uber. (updated Jul 2022)
UNESCO World Heritage Site The historic centre of Split is built around the remains of this Roman palace. Most probably this one of a kind Imperial Palace was built from 298-305 AD and is one of the most significant original structures of the period mostly because so much of it has been preserved. It is probably the best preserved Roman palace in the world. Later this Palace contributed to the broadening of the town because as the city evolved beyond its walls. You only need to wander around to experience it but you can also pay to visit the excavated remains of the basement of the palace. The palace has well preserved main streets cardo and decumanus. Roman palace is enriched with some gothic and reinassance buildings which makes a perfect match. The palace has four monumental gates Porta Aurea (Zlatna vrata, Golden gate), Porta Argenta (Srebrna vrata, Silver gate), Porta Ferrea (Željezna vrata, Iron gate) and Porta Aenea (Mjedena vrata). The unique substructure halls were newly explored and each year more of them are opened to the public. Some have fascinating artefacts on display. May - Oct 10:00-19:00. Nov-Apr, opens at 11:00, duration 90 min. In English language. Starts in front of the tourist info centre, please arrive 15 min before tour is due to commence.
Peristylium (Peristil square). Main square of Diocletian's palace with well preserved Roman architecture.
Katedrala sv. Duje (St. Duje's cathedral). Built around 305 AD as a mausoleum of Roman emperor Diocletian's (the oldest cathedral building in the world). The cathedral is also a very beautiful mixture of Roman temple and Catholic church. It also has a beautiful belltower which provides you a great panoramic view of Split, nearby islands and Marjan hill. €. (updated Oct 2019)
St. Duje's bell tower. Beautiful belltower which provides you a great panoramic view of Split, nearby islands and Marjan hill. The ascent is certainly not for those with vertigo, but the views from the top are marvelous. It costs € to go up the bell tower. €4. (updated Oct 2019)
Jupiter temple (Cathedral's baptistry). Ancient Roman temple which became St. John's church. €.
Getski vrtal, Ul. Dominisova. is the smallest park in Split, situated in the Diocletian's palace at the Dominisova street (Marko Antonio De Dominis street). In that park are beautiful traditional Dalmatian tiramolas. During the summer these are full of clothes drying in the sunshine. In every guidebook about Split you have pictures from the Getski vrtal. It is the location of a 500-year-old stone house which was destroyed during World War II.
Two original Egyptian sphinxes- One is located on Peristil square, and the other in front of Jupiter's temple or St. John's church. They were brought from Egypt by Roman emperor Diocletian.
Basement halls of Diocletian's Palace. Exceptionally well preserved substructure of Diocletian's Palace now open as a museum. One of the locations in Game of Thrones. €6. (updated Oct 2019)
Riva is the main city promenade. Since 2007, Riva has a new, more modern appearance, which isn't up to the taste of some who used to it's authentic look.
Marjan - a hill situated on the west of Split. Marjan is an oasis for many people who look for a natural stress relief, a great place for long walks, jogging, and bike rides. Marjan's peak, Telegrin is 174 m high and gives a wonderful panoramic view of Split. South cliffs are popular within alpine climbers. St. Nicholas church is situated on the east of Marjan, on its south side are beautiful St. Jeronimus church and "Gospe od Betlema" church (Madonna of Betlehem). House building is strictly forbidden in order to save Marjan - the lungs of Split.
Varoš - one of the oldest parts of town. A place where most of the city peasants and fishermen lived. Charming streets and beautiful small houses.
Galerija Meštrović, Šetalište Ivana Meštrovića 46. The gallery contains works of Ivan Meštrović, famous Croatian sculptor. (updated Sep 2023)
Archaeological Museum, Zrinsko-Frankopanska 25. The oldest museum in Croatia (1820), about 20 min walk north of the old town. Many artifacts and monuments from Roman colonies Salona and Narona. Most of the panel information is only in Croatian, so use a translator app or bring a Croatian friend. Adults €8; Children, Students, Disabled €4. (updated Sep 2023)
Old graveyards. Sustipan and old Jewish cemetery
Map of the region around Dubrovnic
Split city beach (continue south past the bus station, follow the road which goes by the tracks, and from the bridge over the tracks you can take a stairs down to the beach). If you have a longer stop-over in Split, 5 min south of the passenger terminal and the train and bus stations lies Split's city beach where you can take a plunge in the Adriatic. free.
Picigin, Bačvice. Traditional beach game with a small ball (Bačvice beach). In summer every year there is a world championship in picigin. (updated Sep 2022)
Grgur Ninski. It is said that if you touch the big toe of the statue and make a wish your wish will come true.
Watch football ie soccer at  HNK Hajduk Split, Stadion Poljud, Osmih mediteranskih igara. They play in Prva HNL, the top tier of football in Croatia; indeed they've never been out of it, and have won it several times. Their home ground of Poljud stadium (capacity 34,000) is 1 km north of the main bus station, harbour and old city. Don't go for the cheapest seats as these are in the north stand, the Torcida bastion of home fanatics. (updated Sep 2019)
Seabob. Explore some beaches above or below water with a SEABOB.
Go white river rafting on the beautiful river Cetina.
Beach at Bačvice (Bus No. 12 travels there). To reach this beach walk south along the waterfront from the bus station and then follow the road that crosses the railway line. There are many cafes and places to eat ice cream. This is certainly not the best beach in Croatia (it is packed solid most of summer), but it will give you a feeling of 'real' Croatia as the vast majority of people who go there are from Split. Here you can also play Picigin. (updated Sep 2022)
There are lots of companies running boats, such as Busabout, RAFT Croatia, Topdeck and Contiki.
The majority of sailing charters start from the city of Split. There are many charter agencies where you can charter a sailing or motor yacht which are based in Split. Most of them operate from ACI marina Split, marina Zenta or marina Spinut. There are also many charter agencies based in marina Kastela which is based in the vicinity of Split.
When you charter a yacht through a charter agency and arrive to the designated marina there are a few things that need to be done.
The most important thing is the yacht check in (usually Saturday around 16:00). Take your time doing yacht check in. Familiarise yourself with the chartered yacht and with the yacht equipment. The rule of thumb is the more time you take for the yacht check in, the less time you will need for the yacht check out.
After that you have to do the shopping for the charter vacation. Don't neglect the groceries shopping because the sea is unpredictable and you don't want to get stuck on the boat without sufficient provisions of food and drink.
You can do the shopping in a marina although the prices are usually much higher there, or you can order from yacht provisioning services who usually deliver the products to the marina at no extra fee. In Jam Yacht Supply offer an online provisioning catalogue and you can order from a large selection of groceries and other products months in advance, everything you order awaits for you at the marina.
Pazar, Stari Pazar 2. Farmers market with perfect fruit, vegetables and more. The best time to visit the market is Saturday or Sunday morning.
Ribarnica, Obrov 2. Fresh fish market.
Marmontova. Shopping street in the centre.
City Center One, Vukovarska 207. daily 09:00-21:00, cinema and caffe bars 09:00-23:00. Opened in 2010. 3 floors (5 garage levels) and Cineplexx cinema.
Mall of Split, Ul. Josipa Jovića 93. daily 09:00-22:00, cinema and caffe bars 09:00-23:00. Opened in 2016.
Joker Put Brodarice 6. Opened in 2007. 50 shops on 4 floors with Tommy supermarket, DM, Hervis sports shop, Deichmann and a McDonalds. 15-20 min walk from the city center with buses stopping near the front of the centre. There is a cinema on the first floor. The top floor has fitness club, restaurant and a sky bar with an outdoor swimming pool.
Italian influences dominate Croatia's coast: a sample of the best of their legacy is risotto with tender white scampi or black calamari, a dish beloved by all Croatians. Dalmatinski pršut ("Dalmatian ham", comparable to Parma or speck) and cheese from the island of Pag are well worth trying, as is the large variety of excellent Croatian wines and beers.
Do not miss Dalmatian pašticada s njokama (gnocchi).
In a world suffocating under the weight of processed foods, Croatia's version of a traditional Mediterranean cuisine is one that is completely reliant on local produce, most of which is organic.
Additionally, as any major city in the Balkans, Split is also a locus of general Balkans-style eating: Ćevapi/ćevapčići (diminutive), a ubiquitous Bosnian dish, are small grilled rolls of minced beef, pork, or lamb, or a combination of any of these three. Usually served with chopped onions, kajmak (similar to clotted cream) or, sometimes, ajvar (a relish made from bell peppers, aubergines, garlic and chilli).
Split's eateries are to be found in a variety of settings, ranging from the romantic to the vibrant. It isn't difficult to enjoy superb food and wine in a classical environment with good friends and/or family.
There are plenty of fast food joints between the Old Town and the bus station.
Pizza Cut Planet 1, Marmontova ul. 2a. A good offer for those who want to try several types of pizzas without buying them completely. Great pizza idea. Several flavours to choose from. (updated May 2022)
Vege, Ul. Stari pazar 7. Delicious and fresh vegan food. The best veggies in Split. Good atmosphere and homemade food made live. (updated May 2022)
Sandwich Bar Rizzo, Tončićeva ul. 4. The best sandwiches in Split. Always fresh food and very helpful staff. (updated May 2022)
Ba!Će, Križeva ul. 1 (in the old town). Balkan atmosphere. Ba!Cevapi is their flagship dish, which consists of minced meat, well spiced and grilled, served with typical bread and sauces (updated May 2022)
Pizzeria Kaleta, Ul. Zrinsko Frankopanska 9. Freshly baked dough, crispy just as it should be, chicken and hearty side dishes. Great pizza (updated May 2022)
Zlatna ribica, Ul. Kraj Svete Marije 8. Great local spot for delicious seafood. Friendly staff. Not many tables so you may have to wait for an available table. (updated May 2022)
Fino i Friško 2 - Biškić, Čulića dvori 2. Because of its proximity to school, this bakery always has fresh and tasty food. (updated May 2022)
Fife, Trumbiceva obala 11 (across the bay from the ferry terminal). Lively and busy restaurant with lots of seating and deliciously large Croatian dishes. Mains €12-20.
Popaj, Pojišanska b.b.. M-Th winter 08:00-00:00, summer 08:00-01:00, F Sa winter 08:00-13:00, summer 08:00-14:00, Su winter 15:00-00:00, summer 15:00-01:00. The most popular fast food in Split with great pizzeta (small pizza, €2) and very big ham sandwich (€).
Kod Joze, Sredmanuska 4, ☏ +385 21 347 397. The traditional family-run konoba serves tasty dishes in style. Prices very reasonable considering the quality and atmosphere. (updated Jan 2023)
Bakra - Steak & Pizza Bar, Radovanova 2. 10:00-23:00. Definitely one of the best pizza in town, baked on fireplace. (updated Jan 2023)
Biser Orijenta, Bihaćka 2a (top floor of Lavčević building). 11:30-00:00. Good "European Chinese" cuisine. Not too popular among the locals, but the prices are fair and the service is friendly. (updated Jan 2023)
Konoba Marjan, Senjska, 1, ☏ +385 98 9346848. Risottos, pasticada (marinaded veal cooked in sauce), and excellent fish. Prices are very reasonable and the staff very friendly. English spoken. (updated Jan 2023)
Kod Sfinge Vanevropske Zviri, Ulica Kraj Svetog Ivana 2 (inside Diocletian's Palace, in between Jupiter's temple and Peristil), ☏ +385 99 443 8666. A Konoba/Trattoria. Good Dalmatian specialties: Pašticada, Paški sir, etc. Also proposes good seafood catch of the day, but sometimes unavailable. Seems to be operated by a single family: The waiters knows very well the menu! Pašticada for €20 (Aug 2016). (updated Oct 2022)
Konoba Insula, popovica 2. Small side street restaurant run by a young married couple, incredible food at a very fair price. (updated Jun 2022)
Nostromo, Kraj Svete Marije 10 (just off Marmontova). Good seafood and salad in a rather smoky ambience with friendly service. (updated Jan 2023)
Dalmatia is well known for its world class wines, but when in Split it is a must to try soda drinks called Pipi and Orela, produced by local beverage manufacturer Dalmacijavinodead link.
Lots of outdoor cafés are to be found along the Riva waterfront.
St Riva (Riva seafront). Has an upper story that overlooks the promenade. € a pint.
Sanctuary Bar, Poljana Stare Gimnazije 1, ☏ +385 95 896 1199. 09:00-00:00. The beachhead of craft cocktails in Split, with a selection of craft beers as well. Run by US immigrant, Tristan. (updated Jan 2019)
Gaga Bar (tucked away in a corner, just off Narodni Trg). Cosy atmosphere, long list of cocktails, latin music. Ask for a bill, because one round is €14, and then second one (the same one) may be €20. Atmosphere is nice, but the waiters are not. More tourists than locals. Pint €, cocktails €.
There are many clubs on Bačvice beach
Vanilla Club, Poljudsko šetalište b.b.. Fancy place by the swimming pool with popular domestic and foreign music.
There is a wide variety of private accommodation available in Split, as well as a few hostels. Some of the best prices can probably be obtained by going to the bus station or ferry terminal and haggling with the many people there offering accommodation - even fairly late at night, there are still many people offering beds.
Hostel Split Backpackers 2, Ul. kralja Zvonimira 17, ☏ +385 91 549 9134. Lively hostel popular with solo travelers. Well located between the old town and the bus and train stations. Dorm from €15. (updated Sep 2021)
Tchaikovsky Hostel, Ul. Petra Iliča Čajkovskog. Chill hostel with only few guests around during low-season. Shared kitchen. Wifi. Dorm bed €10. (updated Oct 2020)
Al's Place (Hostelsplit), Petra Kružića 10 (inside the city walls), ☏ +385 98 918 2923, info@hostelsplit.com. Hostel open Easter to Oct run by British immigrant Al. The hostel is in an 800-year-old stone house inside the city walls, small and cozy with only 12 beds in 2 en suite rooms. There is also kitchen and common area, A/C, and laundry. Dorm €20-25. (updated Sep 2019)
CroParadise Green Hostel, Culica Dvori 31, ☏ +385 91 444 4194. Has several units scattered across Old Town, lacks communal area for socialising. LCD televisions and computers with free internet access, some rooms dingy and noisy. Dorm €11, double room €30. (updated Sep 2019)
Old Town Hostel, Dominisova 3, ☏ +385 21 355 144, info@oldtownsplit.com. Check-in: 13:00, check-out: 12:00. Free wifi, one shared computer, flat screen TV with a collection of movies. Dorm €25. (updated Sep 2019)
Hostel Split (formerly Pletkovic Hostel), Poljana Kneza Trpmira 1, ☏ +385 21 717 170, hostel1700@gmail.com. Very central, between bus station and old town. With 8-bedded dorm and private rooms. Dorm bunk €15, private room €50. (updated Sep 2019)
SilverGate Hostel, Hrvojeva 6, ☏ +385 21 322 857, silvergatehostel@gmail.com. (updated Sep 2019)
Situs Hostel, Starčevićeva 3 (500 m north of harbour), ☏ +385 98 314 299. Dorm bed: €15-20. (updated Sep 2019)
Adriatic Hostel, Ul. Stari pazar 2 (in the center, overlooking the Green Market), ☏ +385 21 265 700, info@adriatichostel.net. Newly renovated with chandeliers, hardwood floors, modern bathrooms with custom glass showers (hotel style), A/C and flatscreen TVs in every room, stainless steel appliances in gourmet kitchen, new bedding and towels, huge lounge where guests can rest and chat, laundry room, internet stations. (updated Aug 2022)
Guesthouse Vrlic, Držićeva 7, ☏ +385 99 2152 352. Small central place. B&B double €50. (updated Sep 2019)
Villa Varoš, Miljenka Smoje 1 (200 m west of palace), ☏ +385 99 215 9538, jdonlic@yahoo.com. Clean comfy small hotel, very central, friendly helpful hosts. B&B double €60. (updated Sep 2019)
Hotel Atrium, Domovinskog rata 49a, ☏ +385 21 20 0000. Modern hotel in business district, with 124 rooms. B&B double €250. (updated Sep 2019)
Hotel Mondo (formerly Hotel Dalmina), Kopilica 5, ☏ +385 21 35 00 00. Business hotel in an industrial part of town, free parking. B&B double €100. (updated Sep 2019)
Hotel Globo, Lovretska 18 (1 km north of harbour), ☏ +385 21 481 111. Workaday neighbourhood but hotel is clean & well-run, close to central sights. B&B double €100. (updated Sep 2019)
Hotel Luxe, Kralja Zvonimira 6, ☏ +385 21 314 444. Decent place in town centre, some street noise, some rooms are in Annex 500 m away. B&B double €150. (updated Sep 2019)
Hotel Park, Hatzeov perivoj 3 (200 m east of ferry piers), ☏ +385 21 406 400, hotelpark@hotelpark-split.hr. Good central hotel, claims to be 5 star but it's more like 3 or 4, and the room rates are in line with that. B&B double €130. (updated Sep 2019)
Hotel Peristil, Poljana kraljice Jelene 1, ☏ +385 21 329 070, booking@hotelperistil.com. Friendly small place within the old palace. B&B double €130. (updated Sep 2019)
Hotel Vestibul Palace, Iza vestibula 4, ☏ +385 21 329 329, info@vestibulpalace.com. Within the old palace, so some rooms are small and you'll regret trying to bring a car, but excellent service and a comfy modern place in the centre. B&B double €120. (updated Sep 2019)
Marmont, Zadarska 13, ☏ +385 21 308 060. Central in old town, most rooms are small and dark, and parking is difficult. But it's clean and simple and has A/C. B&B double €220. (updated Sep 2019)
Radisson Blu Resort & Spa, Split, Put Trstenika 19 (2 km east of ferry port), ☏ +385 21 303 030, info.split@radissonblu.com. Bland modern building, but a well-run resort hotel with beach club and good grill restaurant. With spa, but the indoor pool is closed indefinitely for repairs. One repeat visitor was impressed by the low staff turnover. B&B double from €200. (updated Sep 2019)
Riva Apartments, Ul. Andrije Alješija 6, ☏ +385 91 286 7411, info@riva-apartments.com. Self-catering apartments on Riva promenade looking out to Split Bay. Double room €140. (updated Sep 2019)
Palace Suites Heritage Hotel, Narodni Trg 13, ☏ +385 21 339 040, info@palacesuites-split.com. Suites overlooking the main square, locally known as the Pjaca. (updated Aug 2022)
Hotel POSH, Spinčićeva 27, ☏ +385 21 38 03 90, hotelposh@hotelposhsplit.com. All-suites, 5* hotel with an amazing sea view, infinity pool, and Vip service. (updated Jun 2023)
Adria Hostel, Bajnice (near the main coastal road between Split and Omis, about 12 km south of Split. Take bus #60 or contact the hostel to arrange pickup), ☏ +49 177 7368595, +385 21 873028, info@hostel-adria.com. Check-in: 11:00, check-out: 09:30. Right next to the Adriatic Sea. Dorm bed: €15-25; bed in private room: €18-28.
Hotel San Antonio, Grljevacka 30, Podstrana (7 km towards Dubrovnik, on the right hand side, right on the beach), ☏ +385 21 336 111, info@hotel-sanantonio.com. 54 rooms and 3 suites. €48-95.
Le Méridien Lav, Grljevacka, 2A, Podstrana, ☏ +385 21 500 500.
Do not go to striptease bars because they are a tourist trap.
For LGBT+ friendly places consider to consult locals first as Ghetto is the only gay-owned bar-club. Alternative youth club Kocka is also gay friendly location for concerts and parties.
Split-Dent Dental treatment, visitors to the city are welcome.
Split has good 4+G and 5G speed from Telemach, A1 and T-Mobile. Wifi is widely available in public places around center and most caffes.
Internet Club 100dead link with print service is at Sinjska ul 2/4 north side of the old city, open Monday to Friday 09:30-15:30.
Salona - ancient Roman colony, one of the biggest towns of Roman Empire. It had a population of nearly 60,000 people. It was a capital of Roman province Dalmatia. Well preserved amphitheater, theater, basilica, cemetery and many other Roman buildings. Situated near town of Solin, 10-20 min bus ride from Split.
Hvar - A day trip by boat to this island is well worth the effort. Car ferry leave for Stari Grad five times a day in peak season (July–August), three times a day outside this period (a single trip costs about €6 to Stari Grad on Hvar). There are also high speed passenger ferries that sail to Hvar town. Hvar town is small but extremely attractive, with numerous large yachts moored in the harbour. If using the left luggage service, make sure you thoroughly check the prices and conditions of use. Check ticket prices, schedules and timetables on RAFT Croatiadead link website.
Brač - An alternative could be the boat to the island of Brač which is just the other side of the water. Split is well connected with Milna, Sutivan, Bol and Supetar Brač. KSC ferry company sails year round to Brač. The last ferry back to Split leaves at 22:45 from Supetar. Try renting a bike or scooter for exploring the island. When renting, take into account that the rental service normally closes rather early but when you ask for it, they are quite flexible as most people are in Split. A return ferry ticket should cost about €8-14, depending on the destination.
Šolta is another gorgeous island easily reachable by ferry from Split within an hour. It's more laid back than Hvar and less touristy than Brač, mostly frequented by Croatian tourists. Great bays, clear water, historic towns and local honey, wine and olives.KSC ferry company also provides ferry lines to Stomorska and Rogač that sail year round.
Krka National Park. - one of eight national parks in Croatia. Enjoy in beautiful waterfalls and visit old monastery on the island Visovac.
Omiš. - this little town is situated on the mouth of Cetina river and its magnificent canyon. It is ideal place for rafting and canyoning. You can get to Omiš by regular scheduled bus. Bus prices are around €3-4 for one way ticket from Split.
Horse Club - in village called Donje Ogorje you can ride a horse in the nature. It will cost you €14 for one hour. There is also an option for riding and sleeping in the nature for several days.
Makarska - a popular resort town with beautiful beaches, 60 km southeast of Split. Frequent buses (price €6-7 one way).
Bosnia and Herzegovina - possible day trips by regular scheduled bus include Mostar, Međugorje, Livno, Bugojno, Ljubuški, Travnik and even Zenica.
This city travel guide to Split is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.