Taichung (臺中 or 台中 Táizhōng) is a city in the west-central part of the island of Taiwan. It has a pleasant climate and a population of just over  million people, making it the second largest city on the island after New Taipei. The city is home to many manufacturers and has experienced rapid growth in the diversity of its cultural offerings.
Among the activities to catch when visiting Taichung: the world-class science museum and hiking in the nearby hills. There are also many famous night markets that provide night-time excitement. Here you can enjoy delicious food and drink, and find cheap and interesting items for sale. These include the ChungHwa night market (中華夜市), the Feng-Chia university night market (逢甲夜市), the Tung-Hai university night market (東海夜市), and the Chung-Shiao night market (忠孝夜市).
Taichung is divided into 29 geographical subdivisions which may be unofficially grouped as Inner Taichung that was the smaller Taichung City until 2010, Datun southeast of Inner Taichung, Greater Shanxian (山線) as inland mountainous area, and Greater Haixian (海線) as coastal area:
Central Taichung (Central District, Eastern District, Northern District, Southern District, Western District, Beitun, Nantun, Xitun)The central area of Taichung and the original city before it was expanded to include the surrounding districts. Most of the tourist attractions in the city are here, and this is the area best served by public transport.
Datun (Taiping, Dali, Wufeng, Wuri)Area south of Central Taichung.
Greater Shanxian (Fengyuan, Houli, Shigang, Dongshi, Xinshe, Tanzi, Daya, Shengang, Li Shan)The northern part of the city sitting at the foot of Dadu Mountain.
Greater Haixian (Dajia, Qingshui, Shalu, Wuqi, Da'an, Dadu, Lonjing, Waipu)The western, coastal portion of Taichung.
Beitun District, (北屯區): Geographically, this was the largest district in the city before 2010, spreading from the north to the northeastern-most reaches of the Inner Taichung. It includes the comparatively rural area of Dakeng. It also includes the Taichung Folk Park and Morrison Academy.
Central District, (中區): This is the smallest and most densely populated district in the city. It is home to the Taichung Train Station, Taichung Park, and a large number of traditional businesses in the downtown area. This district is home to the original suncake shop on Ziyou Road (自由路) and is where most of Taichung's major businesses used to be located.
East District, (東區): On the other side of the tracks from the main part of the downtown area, the Taichung Central Department Store is here.
Nantun District, (南屯區): Occupying the southwestern-most portions of the Inner Taichung, there is still considerable farmland in this area. Nantun is most well known for high property values and expensive, luxurious cottages, which have in turn attracted many large department stores into adjacent areas of Xitun District.
North District, (北區): Nestled between Central and Beitun Districts, it is home to the Taichung First Senior High School and Yizhong Street (一中街), one of the best known night markets in the city. It is also home to the Natural Science Museum, Chungyou Department Store, and Zhongshan Hall.
Xitun District, (西屯區): This district spreads out to the western edge of the city and is home to Taichung City Hall, Feng Chia and Tunghai Universities. It is also the location of many of the new, fashionable shopping areas in the city and is the area of greatest growth. The Taichung Industrial Park, World Trade Center, and the Chaoma Bus Station, a major embarkation point from the city. Major department stores include Idee, Shinkong Mitsukoshi, and Tiger City.
South District, (南區): Occupying the southernmost part of the city, it is home to National Chung Hsing University and the Taichung Industrial High School.
West District, (西區): West District is home to the National Fine Arts Museum as well as the Municipal Cultural Center. A lot of cultural activities were held here. This area is also known for its restaurants, which have attracted many visitors with their reputation for exotic cuisine. National Taichung University is here. Sogo Department store is in the northern part of the district.
Other districts include Datun, Greater Haixian and Greater Shanxian. Greater Shanxian stretches up the Central Mountain Range, neighboring Taroko Gorge.
Taiwanese Aborigines used to populate the plain where modern Taichung City is located. They lived by cultivating millet and taro and hunted deer. Several local names in central Taiwan contain the word for "deer," including Shalu Township and Lukang Township in Changhua County.
Taichung was founded in 1705 as a part of Changhua County with the name of Dadun (ch: 大墩; p: Dàdūn; w: Ta-tun; lit. large mound). At this point in history, the Qing Dynasty, formed by invading Manchus in the 1640s, was consolidating its hold on western Taiwan, which it had wrested from the Cheng family in 1682. As a part of strengthening its control, a garrison was founded in 1721 near the site of present-day Taichung Park by Lan Ting-chen.
All was not peaceful for Qing authorities in central Taiwan. North of the city, at the Dajia River, an Aboriginal revolt broke out in 1731 after Chinese officials moved in and compelled them to provide labor. After being joined by other Aboriginals, they drove as far south as the county seat of Changhua in May 1732 before being chased into the mountains by Qing forces.
Another rebellion, this one in 1786, against Qing authorities had its roots in the nearby town of Dali, just south of Taichung City. Led by Lin Shuang-wen, it began as an attempt to overthrow the Manchu government and restore the Ming Dynasty. As they moved northward, they turned to slaughter and looting. They were eventually defeated by a coalition of Hakka, Quanzhou Fujianese descendants, and Aboriginal volunteers who joined with the government to defeat the rebels.
Taiwan became a province of Qing-dynasty China in 1885, and the city, named Taiwan at the time, was named capital of Taiwan Prefecture, one of three prefectures in the newly created Taiwan Province. It was also initially designated as the provincial capital, and Qing official Liu Mung-chuan received the authority from the Guangxu Emperor to oversee development of the area. However, four years later, Liu was forced to retire by Empress Dowager Cixi, and the provincial capital was moved to what is now known as Taipei.
China lost the Sino-Japanese War in 1895. As a consequence, the Qing Dynasty was forced to surrender Taiwan to the Japanese in the Treaty of Shimonoseki. The Japanese changed the name of the city from Dadun to Taichū (臺中), and began to develop the city, setting out to make it the first “modern” area of Taiwan.
However, Taichū bore the brunt of early Japanese repression. There were many rebels who stated that they had accepted amnesty from the earlier period of rebellion when the Republic of Taiwan was declared in 1895. However, many of those same people continued anti-Japanese activities. On May 25, 1902, some 360 rebels and their families accepted invitations to surrender and receive amnesty and rewards. Instead of receiving amnesty, once inside, the Japanese locked the doors and slaughtered the former rebels.
Taichung Park Taichū Park was completed in 1903. The old north gate, one of the few Liu-era structures to survive the Japanese reconstruction of the city, was moved to the new park. To this day, Taichung Park is one of the most popular places in the city for people to relax.
The first market in Taichū was built in 1908 along JiGuang Road between ZhongZheng and ChengGong Roads. It is still used today, and is a popular spot to purchase food and other items in downtown Taichung. Taichung Middle School (now known as Taichung First High School) was founded in 1913 by Lin Hsien-tang and his brother Lin Lie-tang, two wealthy Taiwanese intellectuals of the era. This was done in an effort to teach children the traditional culture of Taiwan and to foster a sense of local pride.
Taichū was designated as a city by Japanese Imperial authorities in 1920, and Taichū City Hall was completed in 1924 after eleven years of construction.
A Taiwanese cultural association founded in 1921 in Taipei by Lin Hsien-tang was moved to Taichū in 1927. Most of the members of this association were from Taichū and the surrounding area. The city became a center of Taiwanese culture and nationalism.
The newfound prosperity of Taichū was eventually squandered by the war effort. When World War II ended in 1945, Taiwan’s economy, like Japan’s, was in shambles.
Republic of China era (1945-)
The Japanese were forced to surrender to Republic of China forces on behalf of Allied forces on 25 October 1945, who came across the strait on U.S. ships and accepted their surrender on behalf of the Allied Powers.
The Kuomintang (KMT), also known as the Chinese Nationalist Party, relocated the government of the Republic of China to Taiwan upon losing the Chinese Civil War to the Communists.
The early post-war era was one of transition and turmoil for Taiwan. Taiwanese nationalists had divided into three prominent groups, one of which was known as the Taichung Clique. These were men with relatively high social standing during the Japanese era, such as Lin Hsien-t’ang, Yang Chao-chia, Yeh Jung-chung, and others. These men attempted to take what they believed to be their rightful place as the political leaders of the island. However, the administrator of the island, Chen Yi, opposed this faction as it contained many people, especially merchants and landlords, who had opposed his policies.
Under the authorities of the Republic of China, Taichung had become the center for organized crime and associated businesses.
On 25 December 2010, Taichung City and County of Taiwan Province merged into a new a special municipality of Taichung.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmCentral Weather Bureau seven day forecast for Taichung: 1
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Taichung is blessed with pleasant climate. It is often compared to California because of the frequency of sunny dry days. The subtropical monsoon climate gives Taichung south wind from June to August and north wind from October to May. The highest temperature appears in the summer months of July, August, and September, and the lowest temperature arrives in the winter months of January and February. The difference in temperature between summer and winter seldom exceeds about 16°C. However, there will be short periods during the winter when the temperature barely rises much above 10°C. The city enjoys mild weather throughout the year, with the average annual temperature being a comfortable 23°C. The average annual rainfall is around 1600 mm. The rain falls generously in the wet season (May – August) and scarcely in the dry season (October – February). The unique landform of basin means that the city suffers less from typhoons than other areas in Taiwan. However, typhoons still affect the city and often bring very heavy rainfall and flooding. However, by being in a valley and not having much rain, Taichung also has air quality problems throughout the year.
Bus is the most convenient and least expensive option. From Taipei Train Station, go to the bus terminal and take the U-Bus (統聯客運), Kuo-Kuang Bus (國光客運). Tickets cost from NT$100–350, depending on what day of the week you travel on. Buses depart several times an hour from the early morning through evenings and the entire ride is about three hours long.
All Taiwan High Speed Rail (HSR) trains between Taipei and Kaohsiung stop at Taichung. The  High Speed Rail station. is located in Wuri District on the outskirts of Inner Taichung. You can take a regular train between the two stations in about six minutes. In addition, a free bus is available to take HSR passengers downtown, to the universities, etc.
In addition, the Western Line of the Taiwan Railway Administration is split into the Taichung Line serving inland districts and the Coastal Line serving serving coastal districts. Many north and south bound trains make a stop at major Taichung Station in Central District along the Taichung Line. Other trains bypass Taichung Station by taking the Coastal Line. Make sure to take the correct train to reach the intended destination. Express trains (ZiQiang) to Taichung Station cost NT$375 from Taipei and NT$469 from Kaohsiung. Midrange ticket prices (Jukuang class) to Taichung Station cost NT$289 from Taipei or NT$361 from Kaohsiung. The entire trip takes about three hours from both Taipei and Kaohsiung.
Taichung is served by National Highways 1 and 3. From Taoyuan Airport and from most parts of Taipei, National Highway 1 is the fastest route to central Taichung.
Taichung International Airport (RMQ IATA). Operates as domestic hub (Terminal 1), and offers international service to neighboring countries (Terminal 2).
The Cosco Star ferry runs overnight between Taichung and Xiamen on the Chinese mainland. It runs from Xiamen to Taichung on Tuesdays, and from Taichung back to Xiamen on Wednesdays. The other days of the week, it runs other routes between Taiwan and China that don't leave from or arrive at Taichung (see here for departure times of each route and heredead link for the latest calendar of operations). "Standard" one-way fares start at NT$3,500, but "basic" fares may be available for NT$2,490 (fare table). On top of the fare there is an additional NT$300-550 in fuel and port surcharges, which varies depending on the route. There are substantial discounts for seniors (65+) and children (12 and under). The service's Taiwan-facing website is here.
CSF operates fast ferries (about 3 hours) from Pingtan in mainland China to Taichung. As of February 2019, the Pingtan-Taichung-Pingtan route runs on Mondays, Thursdays, and Sundays (full schedule). Adult fares for non-Taiwan citizens start at NT$3,000 one-way / $5,300 round-trip if purchased in advance (fare table), a couple hundred more if purchased at the pier (fare table). Fares are cheaper for Taiwan/ROC citizens (advance/pier.
Route Map of the Taichung Metro Green line
Taichung Metro Green line is operating since 2021.
Fortunately, Taichung city has a fully developed bus system. There are 18 bus companies that cover 275 routes in the 29 districts. Most of the bus lines have fixed departure schedule. All buses announce the station name in 2 languages, including Chinese and English. Bus lines such as 300, 302, 303, 304 depart frequently on Taiwan Blvd from the train station to Shalu District. Buses line such as 50 and 201 also run frequently from Wufeng District to the train station, Taichung Park, Yizhong Street night market. Bus line 35 runs from Chung Hsing University to Fengjia Night Market, passing by the train station, Taichung Park, Yizhong Street, and National Science Museum.
All bus service is free within 8 km ( mi) to 10 km ( mi) with the use of the Easycard (悠游卡). Otherwise, fares start at NT$20. One BRT (bus rapid transit) line runs down Taizhonggang Road (臺中港路) from the train station directly northwest to the west side of town, and is also free with the use of the Easycard.
The iBike system is now active also in Taichung. Register your Easycard to you with a Taiwanese phone number at any kiosk, and your first 30 minutes are free. Subsequent usage for up to 4 hours will cost NT$10 per half hour. Learn more about fares and how to use iBike here.dead link
Traveling by scooter is also convenient. Renting a scooter can be done with a Taiwanese driver's license or an International Driving Permit accompanying the original foreign license with motorcycle endorsement.
Otherwise, you will need to take taxis. Taxis are convenient, and fares start at NT$85 at flagfall. Tips are not required.
The downtown area is sufficiently compact to make it easy to get around on foot, although many shop owners will use the sidewalk in front of their business. This can make walking something of an ordeal, dodging traffic as you are forced to walk on the street.
The blue route remains closed to the general public. The purple routes are long detours.
The Central Cross-Island Highway ( Provincial Highway Number 8) remains closed to the public between Shangguguan (上谷關) and Deji (德基) since the major earthquake on 21 September 1999. While repairs are underway, to travel between Dongshi District and Lishan Village in Heping District on the road requires a long detour through Puli, Nantou County. Prepare to allow at least 4 hours for the extra travel on the mountainous roads. The bus route 865dead link of the Fengyuan Bus Transportation Co., Ltd. through the restricted road requires registering the membership to reserve a seat at a Chinese website. Save the phone number +886 4 2595-1224 for emergency passage as a last resort.
Wufeng Lin Family Mansion and Garden (霧峰林家宅園). The former residence and grounds of the Wufeng Lin Family in Wufeng District. Owing to the size of the Lin family clan, the vast site can be divided into two sections, the Upper and Lower Mansions. (updated May 2021)
Taichung Folklore Park (臺中民俗公園). This park is dedicated to presenting a more traditional Taiwanese way of life. It includes a combination of authentic and recreated buildings and streets in an attempt to recreate a more rustic Taiwan. It is small, but well worth the visit at NT$50 and the lack of these kinds of buildings anywhere else in Taichung. To get here, you can take buses 31, 33 or 105, but these will take you a long time to get there. An easier option would be to get a taxi or other city bus to the intersection of Rehe Road and WenXin Road, then walk the three blocks north. Taxi drivers in Taichung don't know about the place (or the street it's on), even if either are written out in Chinese. You probably want to google street view it first. It's referred to there as "MinSu Park". (updated May 2021)
Taichung Winery. Dating back to the Japanese-era, this still-operational winery also includes a wine museum, which has displays on wine-making and the history of the winery. (updated May 2021)
Taichung Prefectural Hall (臺中州廳). Located in the most developed district of the city is build by world classed architect, Weber+Hofer AG Architects. The city hall has a big plaza with water, trees, birds, and flowers. (updated May 2021)
dead link Dasyueshan (Great Snow Mountain). National Forest Recreational Area
Rainbow Village (彩虹眷村).
National Museum of Natural Science, 1 Guanchien Rd, ☏ +886 4 2322-6940. Tu-Su 09:00-17:00. Botanical gardenThis is a very large and elaborate science themed museum, actually composed of seven museums in one. Its Science Center features a huge assortment of "hands-on" exhibits that demonstrate scientific principles. The separate Life Sciences section is also very large. There's also a large botanical garden with an impressive greenhouse and a giant mosquito, an earthquake museum, greenhouse, global cultures, global environment museums, and theaters. Can easily spend more than a day here, especially with kids. The majority of the exhibits have accompanying information only in Chinese. While it is easy to make sense of the scientific experiments by pushing buttons and seeing what happens, the archaeology and Chinese antiquity parts, that are necessarily less hands on, can be daunting.
National Taiwan Museum of Fine Arts, 2 Wu Quan West Rd, ☏ +886 4 2372-3552. Tu-Su 09:00-17:00. The Fine Arts museum is a very large and elaborate modern arts museum, featuring rotating visual exhibits. The museum also has a very elaborate children's section, featuring hands-on art exhibits and creative playthings. There's also a children's reading room in the basement with Chinese and English books. Bring your children. Free.
Taichung Municipal City Huludun Cultural Center (臺中市葫蘆墩文化中心). Located on Yingcai Road on property adjacent to the National Art Museum. (updated May 2021)
Stock 20. This converted railroad warehouse provides exhibition space for regular displays of modern art. Adjacent warehouses have been converted to provide studio space for local and foreign artists, and are frequently open to the public. (updated May 2021)
Wenying Hall. A frequent venue for local art exhibitions and events. It includes an art display area along with a folk art museum and Zhongzheng Hall. (updated May 2021)
921 Earthquake Museum of Taiwan (國立自然科學博物館九二一地震教育園區). The museum is dedicated to the  earthquake that struck the center of Taiwan. The museum is located on the site of the former Guangfu Junior High School; the shell of the building forms the exterior walls of the museum and the Museum's Chelungpu Fault Gallery crosses the fault on which the earthquake occurred. (updated May 2021)
Asia Museum of Modern Art (亞洲現代美術館). The museum building consists of three floors, which houses café, shop and lecture hall on the ground floor and art galleries on the upper and top most floor. (updated May 2021)
Big Buddha at Pao Jiue Temple
Temples can be found all over the city of Taichung. While many of them are of recent construction, others are considered historic and are indicative of the changing currents through Taichung’s history.
Martyr’s Shrine (臺中市忠烈祠). Adjacent to the temple is the Martyrs' Shrine, dedicated to the heroes of the Republic of China. (updated May 2021)
Pao Jiue Temple (寶覺寺). This is a Buddhist temple which features the “Big Budda”. The gold, seven-floor Buddha is dedicated to Bohisattva Maitreya (彌勒菩萨). The temple grounds also include a Japanese Shinto shrine. (updated May 2021)
Cheng Huang Temple. This temple was established during the Qing Dynasty, and has since been renovated numerous times. Its main festival is the 15th day of the sixth lunar month. (updated May 2021)
Wan Chun Temple. Established during the height of the Qing Dynasty more than two hundred years ago, it is home to a couplet written by Emperor Kuangshu. It is also nited for its lifelike carvings. (updated May 2021)
. (updated May 2021)
Li Ancestral Shrine. (updated May 2021)
Wen Chang Temple. Built around 1825, this temple is dedicated to the “Scholar God.” Students frequently come to pray prior to exams to get good scores. (updated May 2021)
Wanhe Temple (萬和宮). This temple was built during the Qing Dynasty in thanks to the goddess Matsu. It is noted for exquisitely-designed carvings. (updated May 2021)
Beitun Wenchang Temple (北屯文昌廟). In 1864, the Wenwei and Wenping community school raised funds to construct the temple to raise the cultural standards, promote Confucianism, improve local literacy, train scholars for the imperial examinations and encourage education in the area. The temple was completed in 1871 as a Confucian Temple, retaining the two original shrines in name, operation and assets distribution, which were the Wenwei and Wenbing Shrines. (updated May 2021)
Le Cheng Temple. Over 200 years old, the Le Cheng temple is dedicated to the goddess Mazu, and is known locally as the “Hanxi Mazu”. It includes an ancient cauldron and other artifacts. (updated May 2021)
Lecheng Temple (樂成宮). Mazu is the main deity worshipped here; the sea goddess is known as the "Hanxi Mazu" after the nearby Han River. (updated May 2021)
Luce Memorial Chapel. Designed by the renowned architect I.M. Pei, the Luce Memorial Chapel is an architectural landmark located on the campus of Tunghai University. Today, it is a popular tourist destination and a place of worship for both Christians and non-Christians alike. (updated Feb 2023)
Gu-Guan Hot Spring (谷關溫泉): A nice hot spring at north side of Taichung.
The Parkway. This narrow corridor of greenery forms a pleasant parkway which runs south/north between the Museum of Fine Arts and the National Museum of Natural Science, intersected by the main Taizhonggang Rd. You can spend minutes or hours walking along it, or relax in one of the parks. The southern end is home to the Art Museum with Modern and Traditional exhibits, a cafe on the third floor and a garden area which is particularly popular with families at the weekend. Linked to the Art Museum is the Taichung City Cultural Affairs Bureau, with a large reading room among other facilities. At the north end of the Parkway behind the Science Museum is a botanical garden home to interesting plants and trees (with a few dinosaurs hiding in them). You can climb to the top of the little hill and listen to the birds singing. Some Taichung residents do Tai Chi and other exercises outside the museum, early in the morning. Beyond the botanical garden is a cycle track and path where the greenery continues through a more residential area. The gardens here are carefully tended by locals. The roses create beautiful perfumes in the evening. Shops on either side include cafes, restaurants and a 24-hour optician. If you continue walking along this path, it takes you west, past the university hospital to another nice place - Zhongsheng Park. Here there is an open-air swimming pool, old style benches and a foot massage path. From Zhongzheng Park, North and across the river is the Baojiue Temple. South of the park is the Yizhong Street area, Confucius Temple, Martyrs Shrine, Chungyo department store, Taichung Gym and Taichung Park.
Hiking: DaKeng in BeiTun District has several hiking paths along elevated wooden walkways. Trails are connected and some loop to connect with other trails. Trail #5 leads to the highest point in Taichung City.
KaoMay Marsh (高美溼地): At the west side of Taichung, nice sunset, and you can catch wild little crab there.
Taichung Metropolitan Park (臺中都會公園): It's on the west side of the mountain. Great place for the weekend. Good night view.
The Moon God of Love (月下老人): A good place for asking dating fate. Close to Taichung Metropolitan Park.
Lavender Forest (薰衣草森林): A nice place for weekend. At north side of Taichung.
Dah-Ken Forest Park (大坑森林公園): A great place for hiking. At north side of Taichung.
Taichung Park (臺中公園). the oldest park in Taichung. It was built when Taiwan was under Japanese rule and is also called “Chungshan Park” ('Sun Yat-sen park'). (updated May 2021)
Fulfillment Amphitheater (圓滿戶外劇場). A large-scale outdoor amphitheater in Wen-Hsin Forest Park on Wenxin Road. Every year, Taichung City Government holds "MidTaiwan Lantern Festival" here. (updated May 2021)
National Taichung Theater (臺中國家歌劇院). A world-class opera house designed by famous architect, Toyo Ito. (updated May 2021)
Taichung Tubbies Football Team: Expat soccer team based in Taichung. Play friendly games of football in Taichung, and compete in tournaments island-wide.
Taichung Intercontinental Baseball Stadium (臺中市洲際棒球場). The stadium officially opened on November 9, 2006 replacing the antiquated Taichung Baseball Field. The stadium is also a venue for rock concerts and also hosted Zhang Yimou's Turandot at the Bird's Nest in 2010. (updated May 2021)
Taichung has many department stores which can be accessed by bus.
Feng Chia Night Market (逢甲夜市). Feng Chia Night MarketA large night market in Taichung. It's popular with teenagers and there's lots to buy, including restaurants and vendors selling many popular Taiwanese dishes. Beware on Fridays and weekends however—it can be very crowded.
Clothes stores at Feng Chia Night Market
Michael Guai Store, basement of Wenhua Rd. All the clothes are the same price and are all the store's own brand. All the clothes labels have robots patterns.
Jin Sha Pu: a small store with exotic clothes. They sell long skirts with small floral prints. They also sell bags and accessories. The owner selects all of the merchandise herself, based on what she believes young women in Taiwan would like.
Shuen Yi Chi Shr (尋衣啟事): this store sells a variety of Chinese traditional costumes. The whole store has an strong Chinese style. They sell many different types of Chinese clothing in adult and children’s sizes, quipaus dresses and women’s undershirts that were once used in place of bras.
Ecstasy on Feng Chia Road. They make their own clothes. They also sell T-shirts with their own logo on them. It’s an image of a boy with an elephant’s trunk for a nose. These are very cute and unique. The clothing is popular with young people. They also sell Japanese clothes, motorcycle helmets, hats and other fashion accessories.
Universe Shop (宇宙百貨) on Fuxing Road. Their signboard is made of light-emitting diodes, so it's easy to find. This large store sells women’s and men’s clothes. They also sell fashion accessories, shoes, bags and hats. Their clothing is popular with young people.
Specialty shops at Feng Chia Night Market
Gegeiscoming: This uniquely-named little shop sells hand-made and specialty made items including purses, bags, jewelry, stuffed animals and decorative knick knacks. It is on Lane 20 of Feng Chia Road about 100 m down on the right. A lot of the items are one of a kind, but the prices are surprisingly low.
Chiao Hui Wang (巧繪網): Just to the left of the Flagship Night Market building, there’s a small store that makes souvenir items with photos customers provide. They will print your photos on cups, pillowcases, water bottles and other items. You’ll see the words Chiao Hui Wang on the wall next to the door way. When you walk in, you’ll see many examples of the products they make displayed on shelves. The prices depend on what you want to buy. For example, a water bottle costs around NT$150. Most items will be ready the next day.
Fu Man Men (福滿門): The Flagship Mall is a collection is a two-story building filled with small specialty shops and food vendors. From the gate of Feng Chia University, it's a couple of blocks down on the right-hand side. There's a big sign on the building, so you can't miss it. Fu Man Men is a small shop at the end of the main hallway on the left. This shop works from photos you provide to create animated likenesses that they print on coffee cups, pillows and T-shirts. They also offer the animated likenesses as framed paintings. This shop offers unique animated statuettes, which they make based on your photos. You may purchase a single statuette, or you can buy a custom-designed diorama. The examples in the shop windows include a family posed in their living room. These statuettes are really cute, and they take about 7–10 days to be completed. The prices are based on what you would like them to make from your photos.
Wire vendor (鐵絲小販): Heading down Wenhua Rd. from the gate of Feng Chia University, you'll see a brightly-colored vendor stand on your left about 50 m past a big concrete archway. One reason why the stand is so colorful is that they sell custom-made souvenirs made from colored wire, and they have many examples of their work hanging on the stand. The souvenirs cost as little as NT$50, and the price depends on what type you want and how many different colors of wire you'd like to include. The examples they have on display include outline shapes of Taiwan, stars and various animals, like cats. Getting more complex, some of the outlines have words such as 'Taiwan' and people's names inside them in either Chinese or English. The owner of the stand has a pad of paper you can use to draw what you'd like your souvenir to look like. Some people just choose to have them make one with their Chinese or English name, but they can make any kind of simple design you can draw and they'll twist it together with as many different colors of wire as you'd like. You want a pink heart with your boyfriend's name inside? Just ask! The finished designs are made with various kinds of connectors, so you can use them as key fobs or attach them to your backpack or cell phone. It takes about an hour to produce most designs, and then you'll have a cute memento of your Feng Chia Night Market visit.
A one-day trip visitor's example for Feng Chia Night Market
If you ride a motorcycle to Feng Chia Night Market, you should try to find an empty spot on any of the small side streets. Parking monitors gives tickets to scooters parked on the main roads. It costs NT$20 per hour to park on main roads around Feng Chia Night Market. If you drive a car, finding a place to park on the street is almost impossible, so you’ll have to park in one of the many pay lots in the area. You can’t miss them because they have people with flashlights trying to wave you in. Parking costs NT$50 to park for the entire evening. However you go to Feng Chia Night Market, you should go there early because the later you go there, the more crowded it is.
First, you may want to get something to drink. You can buy taro ball tea at KOI tea shop on Fu-Xhin Road. It is delicious! Another choice is winter melon tea on Qing-He St. Winter melon tea is a Taiwanese specialty. It is not too sweet. You might also try ice black tea with tapioca pearls at Happiness Ice Black Tea on Wenhua Road. They use crushed ice in their drinks so they stay cold for a long time, and the pearls are very delicious because their tapioca pearls are handmade. It is really worthwhile to try it.
Next, walk around and visit various specialty shops while you enjoy your drink. There is a special vendor that sells decorative items made from colored wire. They will make one with your name or an image such as the island of Taiwan or an animal shape. These are made to be used as key chains or cell phone fobs. These are all made by hand, so they are unique. They are also nice gifts or souvenirs. After you tell them what you want, your selection will be ready in about an hour.
Now it is snack time. First, you should try Wu Tsay Sau between Alley 28 and Alley 10 on Feng Chia Road LN.20. The sign says 新鮮烏賊 + 海 鮮燉飯=烏賊燒. This means cuttlefish and squid with rice = cuttlefish squid. Because they only sell one thing, all you have to do is tell them how many you want. It will cost you NT$55. Another choice is a store named Ying Mu Ding. It is near the Wu Tsay Sau store on Alley 10 of Feng Chia Road LN.20. They take fried noodles and some Chinese cabbage and serve it in a white bread roll. It is a really delicious snack.
After having some snacks, you can visit Feng Chia University to take a rest. You can enjoy your snack and do some people watching. It is a really big campus, and many people use the campus as a public park. You can watch students playing basketball, visit the bookstore, or just walk around.
Finally, maybe you’d like to enjoy a late dinner. One special restaurant is named Do What on Lane 150 of Wenhua Road. They sell some Western foods such as spaghetti and chicken with rice. They also sell a variety of snacks. The real reason to go there is to play the games they have there. The games are all from Western countries. If you lose at the games, the restaurant has many strange punishments, such as wearing an afro wig or big eyeglasses, or word cards with punishment sentences written on them. The restaurant’s name is to make people remember it easily. Do What is compelling.
Yizhong Street is a night market type of area is located near 中友百貨 (Chungyo Department Store) in the northwest of Taichung. Aside from NTIT and Taichung First High School, there are also many cram schools in the area, so it is always teeming with students. The vendors, shops and restaurants in the area are more or less located there to serve this youthful population. Therefore, most of the shops sell items catered to their tastes, and the vendors and restaurants emphasize low prices and a casual atmosphere. The area more or less centers around the Shuei Li? Buildings Which houses many cram schools. All of the streets, lanes and alleys running in every direction from the Shuei Li building are crammed with shops and vendors, and they are all teeming with young people most of the afternoon and evening and into the night. Besides being close to Chungyo Department Store, Yizhong Street is also close to the Taichung Confucian Temple, the Taichung Baseball Field and Zhongshan Park, and the street address is 臺中市404北區一中街 (404 Yizhong Street).
RT (Iivery): This store sells clothes, shoes and nail polish for young women. It’s on Yutsai South Street (育才南街) inside 一中二街購物廣場 (Yizhong Second Street Shopping Plaza) on the second floor. Go up the stairs, and it’s on your right beside a restroom. There’s a white sign with brown letters that say Iivery. The clothes cost NT$300-2000. The prices are higher than other shops because the clothes come from Korea, and they are high quality.
Cream: The store is located at 22-3 Zunxian Street (尚賢街22號-3). The Shuei Li Building is across the street. There is a green sign with white words say "Cream". It sells clothes for young women, and it is very popular. It has been open for five years. The prices of their clothes are very reasonable, so many people shop there. If you want to try the clothes on, there are two fitting rooms inside the store that you can use.
臺中放送局 (Taichung Fon Song Ju): At 1 Dian Tai Street, you can visit the building which housed the first radio station in central Taiwan. It has been refurbished by the Taichung city government, and it is now a popular attraction. You can visit for free. Inside the gate, there is a courtyard with a small pool. There are also trees with some decorations on them. Inside the building, there is a video screen playing a film about the history of radio in Taiwan. There is also a display of some old radio station microphones, photos and books. There is a café area that sells ice cream and drinks. They also offer picnic blankets, so you can sit outside in the courtyard.
There are a good number of science and industrial parks that may offer work to foreigners.
With a proliferation of noodle shops and street vendors peddling anything from the exotic to common household dishes, there is no lack of choice for enjoying local delicacies. Walking through streets of taichung one can locate exotic cuisines like Indian, Japanese, Indonesia, and continental. The Taiwanese are quite accustomed to non-Chinese speakers, so using gestures will get you what you want (with perhaps a little surprise!)
Taichung is also well known for its Chinese bakeries. Pastries that are worth a try include sun cakes (太陽餅) and pineapple tarts (鳯梨酥)
Jin Ming First Street (精明一街): Great place for tea break.
Gulu Gulu, No. 2 Lane 13 Wuquan W. 4th St. West District (Near the Art Museum), ☏ +886 4-23783128. This is a great place to experience Taiwan's Aboriginal food in the city. Unique upscale set meals with live music at night.
Salut Pizza, De Ye Road (Soho Street).
Match Cafe, 60-3 2nd Section Zhonggong Rd. (中港路二段60-3號), ☏ +886 4-23134597. Match provides a pleasant atmosphere where one can have a cup of coffee, a bagel or a sandwich and work on one's computer.
The Naked Cafe, 575 1st Section Meicun Rd. West District (About two blocks from the Art Museum.), ☏ +886 4-23783161. The Naked Cafe serves up coffee, tea, great sandwiches and fries in a somewhat Euro-inspired atmosphere.
Oldies Franks Hot Dogs, 384 Hua Mei Jie West District (華美街384號), ☏ +886 4-23287072. Best dogs in town if not Taiwan. Casual diner atmosphere with interesting hot dog combinations.
formerly dead link Pizza Buena, 206 Sec. 1 Meichun Rd. (美村一段206號), ☏ +886 2302-8083. 11:00-22:00. Thin crust pizza by the slice, so good you may forget where you are. Seating upstairs.
Little India Muslim Restaurant (Halal), No. 60 Boguan 3rd St. West District (Behind the Splendor Hotel), ☏ +886 4-23261425. This little hole-in-the-wall is more about good honest food and less about decorations.
Mei Nung Hakka Restaurant, No. 137 Dadun 12th St. Nantun District (大墩12街137號) (A couple blocks East of Carrefour and Dadun Rd.), ☏ +886 4-23105131. lunch and dinner. Excellent quality Hakka food in atmospheric little restaurant.
Bollywood Restaurant & Pub, 1026, JianXing Rd, ☏ +886 4 2319-2828. 11:00-14:00, 16:30-23:00. Without question the best Indian food in town. Great atmosphere and service, above average beer selection and really good food. NT$300.
Tonton Philou, No 459-3, Sec. 1, Dongshan Rd, ☏ +886 422399196. Great French cuisine.
Weng's Goose, 99-1, XiangShang Rd, Sec 1, ☏ +886 4 2305-9865. Daily 17:00-01:00. This restaurant offers goose cooked in three different ways: smoked goose, drunken goose, and salt-water goose. No matter which flavor you choose, the meat is tender and juicy From NT$15.
UZO Mediterranean Bar & Grill, #22, Jing Cheng 5th Street (精誠5街，22號）, ☏ +886 4-2327-3518. Tu-Su 18:00-late. Fresh Mediterranean specialties: kebab wraps, gyros, falafel, hummus, baba ghanoush, dolma, pizzas, salads and a selection of appetizers. Large selection of import beers. Comfy outdoor seating. Staff speak great English and service is good. Relaxed and easygoing atmosphere, rowdy kids and adults are not tolerated.
Restaurants at Feng Chia Night Market
Mr. Chicken Head (養機場): A very popular restaurant and attracts a lot of teenagers. The decorations on the walls are very cute and special. The restaurant is filled with energy and good cheer.
Pig House (豬窩): Its design was very simple. There were many varieties of pig dolls in the display window. All of them were very cute and we liked them very much. The prices are very affordable.
Uncle 9 (九叔): An American-style restaurant decorated with some decorations. While enjoying a meal, diners can admire these interesting decorations. There is a foosball table there, and diners can play for free. The food was not expensive. Uncle 9 restaurant has a good atmosphere.
Do What (衝瞎): on Lane 150 of Wenhua Road. Lane 150 is in an outdoor pedestrian mall lined with small specialty shops. They sell some Western food such as spaghetti and chicken with rice. They also sell a variety of snacks. The real reason to go to the restaurant is to play the games there. The games are all from Western countries. It’s really unusual. The clerks there will also teach people how to play the games. If you lose at the games, the restaurant has many strange things as punishment, such as wearing an afro wig or big eyeglasses, or word cards with punishment sentences written on them.
98 Pasta (98義大利麵): It is not very conspicuous restaurant because it is located in a small lane. It looks like a residence. The appearance of this building is very special. Their main meals are salad and spaghetti.
Food and drink vendors at Feng Chia Night Market
Wu Tsay Sau: This small, yellow and orange vendor’s stand is between Alley 28 and Alley 10 on Feng-Chia Rd LN.20. The sign is in Chinese, but you can see it very simply tells you what to buy here. It says新鮮烏賊 + 海鮮燉飯 = 烏賊燒. This means cuttlefish + squid with rice = cuttlefish squid. Because they only sell one thing, all you have to do is tell them how many you want. However, you have to tell them which of the 6 different sauces you want. “Yifen la de.” Means one with spicy sauce. They also have honey-wasabi, curry, wasabi salad dressing and yellow mustard sauce. Each one costs NT$55.
Ying Mu Ding: Ying Mu Ding is another tiny stand on Alley 10 of Feng-Chia Road Lane.20. The stand and its banners have the red sun of the Japanese flag on them because the snack they sell originated in Japan. Just like at the cuttlefish stand, they only sell one thing, so you just have to say how many you want and what king of sauce you want. When you ask for “Yifen la de,” you get a noodle sandwich with spicy sauce. They take fried noodles and some Chinese cabbage and serve it in a white bread roll. The other sauces are apple curry, black pepper (American Sauce), bacon, butter, cheese and Thai. They also sell red noodles with chicken sauce and noodles with onion and cuttlefish (Japanese Style). You will have to wait in line to buy it because this place is really popular.
Guan Jin Ji Dan Gao: About 50 m off of Fu Xing Rd. under the green awning of an eyeglass store, there is a tiny box-shaped stand. The large red characters on the top of the stand’s sign say 日本, which means Japan. This stand sells the kind of molded sponge cakes you can buy at stands all over Taichung. But if you look at the led signs on the front of this stand, you’ll see why the stand is unique; the sponge cakes are molded in the shapes of roosters, motorcycles, pigs, elephants, pigeons and pistols. Aside from the unique shapes, the sponge cake here is especially delicious. They use only flour, eggs and sugar to make their batter, and unlike other places, they use no fat or oil in the batter or on the baking molds. The sign says you can order small (小 - shiao) or large (大 - da). A small bag has four cakes for NT$35, and the large has seven for NT$55.
Shing Fu Hong Cha Bing: The small bamboo-roofed stand on the left side of Wen Hua Rd. about 50m down from Fu Xing Rd. is a tea stand. The pink sign on the roof says 幸福紅茶冰 (Shing Fu Hong Cha Bing.) The large sign next to the stand lists all of the drinks they sell at this stand. You can buy pearl milk tea all over the place, but this place is special because they make their own pearls. They make these fresh every day, and they are especially soft and flavorful. The tea is also very flavorful and strong. Another special touch is that, they use crushed ice in their drinks, which lasts longer than ice cubes. Aside from pearl milk tea, you can buy lemon tea and other flavors, including green tea drinks.
Tea Egg Vendor: The guy you'll see standing next to a stainless steel box on the right side of Wen Hua Rd just past the old concrete archway about a block down from Feng Chia University is selling tea eggs for NT15 each. The unique thing about this, aside from the fact that he only sells tea eggs, is that he's been selling these at the same spot for over 25 years. Of course he has his own special spice recipe for the eggs, so you should really try at least one.
KOI Café & Tea: One shop away from Lane 511 on Fuxing Rd, there’s a simple black sign with white letters that says KOI. There are only two of these shops in Taiwan. Although the sign says café, it’s only a take-away shop. However, they sell an unusually large and interesting variety of coffee and tea drinks. This shop sells not coffee and taro balls milk tea. It’s special and delicious. They also have many tea ice creams, such as fresh milk tea with a scoop of Swiss chocolate ice cream in it. Its signature drink is KOI ice crushed. One of it is KOI Blended. It is seasoned millet mush ice crushed with some small pieces of almond/apricot and a scoop of seasoned millet mush powder. It tastes really great!
大甲芋頭城 Da Jia Yu Tou Chun: On Lane 511, just a few steps off of Fuxing Rd on the right, there’s a small vendor stand with purple letters that 大甲芋頭城. There’s also a dancing purple taro wearing a cowboy hat on the sign, so you can’t miss it. This shop sells many different kinds of taro-based desserts. These are all cold desserts, many of them are milky, and they even sell purple taro ice cream. They also have sweet taro, sweet and sour taro ice and frozen taro. Their taro is soft and spongy. If you don’t speak Chinese, just point at something on the sign - you will get a sweet dessert. One specialty you can ask for is (芋泥西米露)Yu ni shi mi lu. This is a cold milky soup made with taro powder, and it has lots of tiny tapioca balls in it. It’s only NT$30!
月亮蝦餅 Moon House Shrimp Pancakes - There’s a two-story arcade with claw machines and other electronic games on the corner of Wenhua Rd. and Ching He St. Under the awning of the arcade on Ching He St, you can buy a unique specialty from Thailand - shrimp pancakes. These are made to order at a small vendor stand called Moon House (月亮蝦餅). Two sisters from Thailand operate the stand. A shrimp pancake is made by frying a shrimp paste mixture inside a wholemeal flour wrapper. It’s not oily. They also sprinkle some spiced salt on them to reduce smell of the shrimp. The result is a crispy, chewy pancake you can order with mild or spicy sauce. The sauce is a little sour and sweet. On the sign it tells you that one serving is NT 40, and 4 are NT$150. Because this is the only item they sell, you simply ask for how many you want. (Yi fen – is Chinese for how to ask for one serving.)
狠腸 Bratwurst Stand: On the corner of Fuxing Rd. and Lane 282, look for a sign with a dachshund lying in a hot-dog bun. This small stand has a German flag, black, red and yellow motif, and as you'll read they sell bratwurst, salami sausage and Munsenburger weisswurst. They have a sign with pictures showing the different ways to order the bratwursts and sausages, and the names are written in English. Therefore, you can just point at what you want and use the English name. All of the bratwursts and sausages are NT$60 each. These are grilled and served on a hot-dog bun with mustard +/or ketchup plus onion and shredded lettuce and sprinkled with Parmesan cheese if you wish. They also sell these in containers as a sort of salad (no bun) and skewered on a stick, coated with corn flour paste and deep fried. Another option is to have your bratwurst or sausage smothered in chili. Again, you can order this on a bun or in a container. Another unique aspect of this stand is that they sell blueberry and orange soda served in a paper cup with ice for NT$30.
雙響炮炸彈燒Shuan Shian Pao Cha Dan Shao. They sell two flavors of a kind of Chinese baked dumpling. One is seafood, including small bird eggs, squid, corn and cabbage and the other is pork, including sausage, bamboo shoots, chicken and cabbage. The crispy flour wrappers go well with the fillings. It has been featured on TV shows.
Traditional markets in Taiwan are aggregations of a variety of different types of vendors. The defining feature of traditional markets is vendors who sell fresh and processed produce and meat. Intermingled with these vendors are other vendors selling a wide variety of items ranging from specialty food items to common household items to clothing and shoes to tools. The term 'traditional market' may refer to a single, enclosed area or to a general aggregation of vendors along the roads of a given area. These areas also commonly include restaurants and beverage shops. Many people in Taiwan purchase their food daily daily at traditional markets.
Xiang Shang Market (向上市場)
Address: 臺中市西區向上路一段218巷 Ln. 218, Sec. 1, Xiangshang Rd., West Dist. There is a parking lot about 100m from the intersection of Zhongmei and Xianshang Roads. Of course you can park a scooter just about anywhere, but the streets, lanes and alleys are small and jam packed.
洪紅茶冰 (Hong Iced Black Tea) is on Zhongmei Road about 25 m from Xianshang Road. This is a small cart with has a red sign and yellow letters that say 洪紅茶冰 (Hong Iced Black Tea). They only sell iced black tea, so all you have to do is tell them how many you want and what size-大,中,小 (da, zhong, xiao). A small is NT$10, a medium is NT$15, and a large is NT$20.
向上水餃 (Xianshang Dumplings) is on Zhongmei Road about 100 m from Xianshang Road next to a small alley. It’s a small stand with a white sign with red letters that say 向上水餃 (Xiang Shang Dumplings). There are also two larger signs that are red with white letters that say the same thing. They sell boiled dumplings with pork filling for NT$2 each. You just ask for how many you want. You can get these to go, or you can sit at a table in a small area behind the stand. Also, you can buy uncooked dumplings to bring home. Just tell them how many you want ‘冷凍’ (ren dong), which means uncooked. The oldest, original part of the market is a covered walkway on Zhongmei Road about 100 m from Xianshang Road. There are many different types of vendors in here, but none of them are unique or interesting. In sum, they pretty much sell stuff you can buy just about anywhere. There is probably no article of Taiwanese food you couldn’t find here. Walking through here gives you a real idea of what an old Chinese marketplace must have been like. At the intersection of 向上北路 (Xianshang Bei Road) and 向上北路224巷 (Xianshang Bei Road Lane 224), there are two vendors that have some of the lowest prices in the area for fruits and vegetables. The fruit vendor is on Xianshang Bei Road to the left of the entrance of the covered market area, and the vegetable vendor is about 25m down Lane 224 on your left. Both of these places sell by the piece or by weight. You may see hand written signs that say things like 4把50元or 4顆100元 which means how many of something you get for how much money.
專賣澎湖空運海產 (Specialty Vendor of Peng hu Air Freight Seafood) On Lane 224 inside the covered area of the market, there is a small seafood vendor. This vendor has a white sign with blue and red writing on it. The name on the sign says 專賣澎湖空運海產 (Specialty Vendor of Peng hu Air Freight Seafood). It is about 50m down the lane on your right. As with most seafood vendors, you buy by weight. Under a green awning at the corner of 向上北路 (Xianshang Bei Road) and 華美路 (Huamei Road) there is a restaurant with no name. They have a red sign with white letters that gives the names and prices of the food. One good thing to try here is 魯肉飯 (Lou Rou Fan) which is soy sauce-marinated ground pork over rice. One bowl costs NT$25. On Huamei Road about 25m from Xianshang Road, there is a small restaurant that sells 4 things - 肉燥飯 (Rou Zao Fan) is NT$20, 魷魚肉羹麵/飯/米粉/冬粉 (Youyu Rou Geng Mian/ Fan/ Mi Fen/ Dong Fen) is NT$30. This is a kind of thick soup served over your choice of different types of noodles or rice. 魷魚肉羹 (Youyu Rou Geng) is NT$30 and 乾麵 (Gan Mian) is NT$20. There is a large sign with a picture of rose on it high above the street with the name of the place on it. Over the cooking area at the front of the restaurant, there is a yellow sign with the names of the dishes on it. You have to tell them what you want, and they will ask you 內用外帶 (Nei Yong Wai Dai) which means “for here or go.” The seating area is small, and second place dose a lot of business. This place does a lot of business because the food is delicious and cheap. If you want 內用 (Nei Yong), you may have to wait a while. You should be happy with whatever you ask for. On Xianshang Bei Road a short distance away from the market, there is a restaurant an the left side of the street as you approach 美村路 (Meicun Road). This is a place that sells 清蒸肉圓 (steamed ba wan) in a special, delicious sauce. They have a large, white sign that says 狀元 (Chuang Yuen) in green and 清蒸肉圓 (Ching Jen Rou Yuan), which roughly translates as ‘top student’ steamed glutinous rice flour dumplings. Though the name is a bit self-explanatory, it may be helpful to know that these are large, gloopy, semi - transparent dumplings with pork filling. Most places sell ba wan fried, but this is one of the few in Taichung that sells them steamed. Just ask for一份 (Yi Fen) and you get one serving of 2 ba wan. They also have a full menu of standard Chinese fare.
阿川鵝肉 (A Chan E Rou) At the intersection of 美村路一段 (Meicun Road) and 中美街224巷 (Zhongmei Street Lane 224) there is a restaurant that sells 鵝肉 (goose) They have a large sign that says 阿川鵝肉 (A Chan E Rou) in white with a picture of goose on it. They sell by weight. They will ask you which part of goose you want.
Address: 臺中市東區建國路 224 號 No.224, Jianguo Rd., East Dist., Taichung City
Jianguo market is at the corner of 建國路 (JianguoRoad) and 八德街 (Bade Street) near the main train station. The market runs for about two blocks along Bade Street, and there are also many vendors along the side streets off of Bade Street. This is the biggest traditional market in Taichung. Aside from being a market for everyday shoppers, it is also a wholesale market, supplying other traditional markets and restaurants in Taichung. Look for signs that say 寄車 (Ji Che), which are for pay parking. These usually charge NT$30 per hour. You can also park your car or motorcycle at the intersection of 八德街 (Bade Street) and 復興路四段 (Fuxing Road Section 4). Someone will clip a ticket onto your car or motorcycle, and you can then go to any convenience store to pay the parking fee. The fee is printed on the ticket. Inside the market building at the corner of Jianguo and Bade Street there is a warren of small vendors selling everything from household items to frog’s legs.
蘋果專賣店 (Specialty Vendor of Apples) On 八德街 (Bade Street) about 500 m from the bridge at Fuxing Road, there is a stand with red canvas and white letters that say 蘋果專賣店 (Specialty Vendor of Apple). They sell apples based on the sizes of the apples. For example, you can get 3 large apples for NT$100, or 13 smaller apples for the same price. You can buy the apples in a bag or they will place them in a gift box.
雪農產行(Shiue Agricultural Production) On 新民街 (Xinmin Street) about 30 m from 南京路 (Nanjing Road), there is a sign with red and green letters that say 雪農產行(Shiue Agricultural Production). They sell a variety of vegetables. You may see handwritten signs that say things like 一把10元, 一斤30元, 一粒5元 or 一條10元, which means how many of something you get for how much money.
三郎水果行 (San Lang Fruit Vendor) This is a popular fruit vendor on 武德街 (Wude Street) about 20 m from 八德街 (Bade Street). It’s always the most crowded fruit vendor at this market. They sell just about any kind of fruit you can imagine. The stand has a red canvas awning with green letters that say 三郎水果行 (San Lang Fruit Vendor). They sell fruit by weight or by the piece.
萬家香 (Wan Jia Shiang) There is a store called 萬家香 (Wan Jia Shiang) at 建國路228號 (228 Jianguo Road). This store has a red sign and white letters. It sells cured meat, pork sausage and liver sausage. Their most popular product is ham.
阿鄉 (A Shiang) Many blogs recommend a small restaurant, that’s right inside the large market building at the corner of Jianguo and Bade Street. There is a small sign on the wall in front of the restaurant that says 阿鄉 (A Shiang) 1987. It is open daily from 07:00 till 14:00, and it is closed on Mondays. They sell 雞腿飯 (ji tui fan - chicken leg with rice), 排骨飯 (pai gu fan – pork filet with rice) and 爌肉飯 (kuang rou fan – pork belly with rice). Their meals are very delicious, so even though it is small and dingy, it is worth a try. When you order a meal like ji tui fan (chicken leg with rice), you have to select three side dishes from the display case. You can just point at what you want. The prices are on the wall behind the counter. Ji tui fan, for example, costs NT$70.
聖芸 (Sheng Yun) vegetarian restaurant is at 建國路197號 (197 Jianguo Road). It has a white sign and red letters. It is open from 06:30 to 13:30. They sell many kinds of noodles, soups and a tasty kind of ground pork with rice. The most popular soup is jute soup because while jute soup generally tastes bitter, the soup here does not.
臺中市中區三民路2 段87 號 No.87, Sec. 2, Sanmin Rd., Central Dist., Taichung City
At Second Market all of the vendors are under a roof. There is a map of the layout of the market at each entrance. Second Market assigns numbers to all of the vendors. In the descriptions of selected vendors below, the ‘vendor number’ is the number assigned to the vendor by the market authority. The numbers include the Chinese characters 臨 (lin) and 內 (nei). For example, if a vendor’s number is 臨175, there will be black letters on the vendor’s stand.
菜頭粿王糯米腸 (Radish Cake Wong Sticky Rice Sausage) is at 三民路二段87號 (87 Sanmin Rd, Sec.2). It is a small vendor’s stand. It has a yellow sign with red letters that say 菜頭粿王糯米腸 (Radish Cake Wong Sticky Rice Sausage). It also has black letters that say 臨175 on it. It has another white sign with red letters that say 菜頭粿+米腸+蛋 55, which means radish cake plus sticky rice sausage plus egg cost NT$55. Just say 一份菜頭粿+米腸+蛋 (yi fen tsai tou guei jia mi chang jia dan). They also sell 甜不辣 (tempura), 大腸 (pork intestines), and soup. It is open from 07:00 to 18:00. You can get this to go, or you can eat it at tables.
三代福州意麵 (Three Generations Fuzhou Yee Mien) Just across the street from this vendor, there is a white sign with red letters that say 三代福州意麵 (Three Generations Fuzhou Yee Mien) and blue letters that say 餛飩‧福州魚丸‧排骨 (won ton, fu jou fish balls, pai gu). It is open 08:30 to 16:30. This is a small restaurant that sells many kinds of noodle dishes, 糯米腸 (sticky rice sausage), 滷味 (soya-mixed meat) and soup. You can order 一碗乾意麵 (yi wan gan yee mien). One bowl costs NT$40. When you order something, they will ask 內用外帶? (Nei yong wai dai?), which means, ‘for here or to go?’ There are many tables inside where you can sit. You can also buy uncooked won ton to bring home. A box of won ton costs NT$120. Also, you can buy a bottle of their special sauce 麻醬 (ma jiang). One bottle costs NT$150. Their number is 內153.
楊田肉舖 (Yang Tian Meat Vendor) Near the hexangular pillar in the center of the market, there is a white sign with black letters that say 專賣黑豬肉 (Specialty Vendor of Black Pork). It also has red letters that say 楊田肉舖 (Yang Tian Meat Vendor) with their telephone number on it. It has a white board with blue letters that say 今日肉價 (today’s prices). There is also a sign that says TFP (Taiwan Fresh Pig) on a black pig’s body. This is a quality mark for pork in Taiwan. It is closed on Mondays. They sell 里肌肉 (li ji rou – pig’s back), 五花肉 (wu hua rou – pig’s belly) and 胛心肉 (jia shin rou – near the pig’s front of feet). This meat vendor is the most popular one at Second Market. You can choose which meat you want and look at the white board to check the price.
三寶剉冰 (Shan Bau Shaved Ice) is on 三民路二段第二市場三之一 (Sanmin Rd, Sec.2, Second Market Third of First). It has a banner with dark red letters that say 第二市場三寶剉冰 (Second Market Shan Bau Shaved Ice) and blue letters that say 各式剉冰 (many kinds of shaved ice). They sell 剉冰 (shaved ice), 咖啡 (coffee), 柳橙汁 (orange juice), 檸檬汁 (lemon juice), 木瓜牛奶 (papaya with milk) and 酪梨牛奶 (avocado with milk). The shaved ice is served in bowls and mixed with various ingredients. One good thing to try here is 一碗綜合剉冰 (yi wan zong he cuo bing). This is a bowl of shaved ice served with red beans, peanuts, pearl barley, and sweet beans. One bowl costs NT$40.
李海魯肉飯 (Lee Hai Braised Pork Rice) Their vendor number is 內 98. It has a yellow sign with red letters that say 李海魯肉飯 (Lee Hai Braised Pork Rice). It is open from 17:00 to 05:00. A small is NT$45 and a large is NT$55. You can say 一碗大的魯肉飯 (yi wan da de lou rou fan), which is braised pork served over rice. You can get this to go, or sit at tables.
山河魯肉飯 (Shan Ho Braised Pork Rice) Another good place to get braised pork dishes here is 山河魯肉飯 (Shan Ho Braised Pork Rice). Their vendor number is 內 103. It has a red sign with yellow letters that say 第二市場山河魯肉飯 (Second Market Shan Ho Braised pork rice). There is also another large sign that is red with white letters that say the same thing. It is open from 04:00 to 14:30. You can ask for 一碗魯肉飯 (yi wan lou rou fan), which is braised pork served over rice . One bowl costs NT$45. It has two dining areas, so you can eat it there or get it to go. Both 李海魯肉飯 (Lee Hai Braised Pork Rice) and 山河魯肉飯 (Shan Ho Braised Pork Rice) are famous for their delicious braised pork rice.
茂川肉丸 (Mao Chuan Meat Balls) is outside the market at 中正路225號 (225 Zhongzheng Rd). It has an orange sign with red letters that say茂川肉丸 (Mao Chuan Meat Balls) and black letters that say 原丁山肉圓 (Yuen Ding Shan Meat Balls). Their vendor number is A01. There is also another large sign that is red with white letters that say the same thing. They sell 意麵 (yee mien), 餛飩麵 (won ton noodles), 肉丸 (meat balls) and soup. This is a small restaurant that has an air conditioned dining area.
顏記肉包 (Yan Ji Meat buns) is at 三民路二段103號 (103 Sanmin Rd, Sec.2). It has a yellow sign that says 顏記三代老店餛飩湯 (Yan Ji San Dai Lao Dian Hun Dun Tang ) in red, 肉包正第二市場 (Rou Bao Zheng Di Er Shi Chang) in blue and A17 in black. There is another sign with orange and green letters that say the same thing on the glass. They only sell two things － 肉包 (meat buns) and 餛飩湯 (won ton soup). A typical order here is 一顆肉包和一碗餛飩湯 (yi ke rou bao han yi wan huen duen tang) which means one meat bun and a bowl of won ton soup. Each Meat bun costs NT$30 and won ton soup costs NT$40. You can eat there or get it to go.
Address: 臺中市南區臺中路 90 號 No.90, Taichung Rd., South Dist., Taichung City
Third Market runs for about one block on Heping Road and for a couple of blocks in either direction where Heping Road intersects with Minyi Street. The area has a covering of colorful plastic streamers stretched between the buildings over the streets.
蔡紅豆餅 (Tsai Red Bean Cake) is on Heping St right at the market entrance. This is a small cart. It has a purple sign with yellow letters and red letters that say蔡紅豆餅 (tsai hung dou bing). It sells 紅豆餅 (red bean cake), 奶油餅 (butter cake), and 蘿蔔絲 (radish silk cake). You can ask for 一個紅豆餅 (yi ge hung dou bing) to get a red bean cake. Each cake costs NT$7 and three cost NT$20.
廣記肉鬆專門店 (Guang Ji Fried Pork Fiber Specialty Shop) is at和平街13號 (13 Heping Street). The opening hours are 09:00 to 20:00. It has a white sign with red and blue letters with the name of the shop on it. It has been in business for 70 years. They sell 肉乾 (dried meat), 香腸 (sausage) and 肉鬆 (shredded pork). 肉鬆 (roo sung) costs NT$300 per 300 grams. You can also buy a gift box and choose what you want to put in it.
榮記餅店 (Rong Ji Cake Shop) is at 復興路三段370巷11號 (370 Fuxing Road, Section 3, Lane 11). It has a yellow sign with dark red letters and has been in business for many years. They sell delicious cakes. 兩相好 (liang shiang hau–fried bread) costs NT$220 per 600 grams, and 鹹蛋糕 (shian dan gau–salty cake) costs NT$150 per 600 grams. These are two of their most delicious selections. They also sell 檸檬蛋糕 (ning meng dangau – lemon cake) 鳯梨酥 (feng li su – pineapple cake) and 老婆餅 (lau po bing – a sweet cake) by the piece for NT$20.
紅茶 (Hong Cha Cart) – There is a no-name cart that has a yellow sign with black letters that say 紅茶 (hong cha) at 民意街53號 (53 Minyi Street). They sell 紅茶冰 (iced black tea), and their opening hours are 09:00 to 18:00. A medium (中 – zhong) is NT$25, and a small (小 – small) is NT$20. You can say, 一杯小杯紅茶冰 (Yi bei shiau bei hong cha bing). They also sell 冬瓜茶 (dung gua cha - tea flavored with a Chinese squash) and 咖啡紅茶 (ka fei hung cha-tea flavored with coffee).
Vegetable Vendor – There is a no-name vegetable vendor next to 廣記肉鬆專門店 (Guang Ji Fried Pork Fiber Specialty Shop). All the vegetables there are very fresh. When you buy any vegetable, the vendor will give you a bunch of green onions for free.
Address: 臺中市西區大明街 9 號 No.9, Daming St., West Dist., Taichung City
Fifth Market begins at the corner of 大明和自立街 (Daming and Tzli Street). There is a big sign on the building at the corner that says 第五市場 (di wu shr chang), and it also says The Fifth Market in English. The market has stalls, vendors and shops along both Daming and Tzli Street, as well as on 樂群 (Luchuen Street). There are many different vendors and shops inside the building. There is a parking lot on Luchuen Street near Tzli Street. You can also park a scooter on the streets, lanes and alleys.
龍成肉舖 (Long Cheng Meat Vendor) is inside the market building near an entrance on 自立街7號 (7 Tzli Street) and 自立街9號 (9 Tzli Street). There is a stand with blue letters that say 龍成肉舖 (Long Cheng Meat Vendor). They sell meat by weight. It is very popular and their meat sells out quickly every day. There are no price signs, so you have to ask the vendor 肉一斤賣多少錢? (Rou yi jin mai duo shao cian?), which means, How much is this?
聯發製麵廠 (Lian Fa Jhih Mian Chang) is at 大明街7號 (7 Daming Street). There is a stand with a yellow sign with blue letters that say 聯發製麵廠 (Lian Fa Jhih Mian Chang). They sell uncooked noodles like 意麵 (Yi Mian) and 全麥麵 (Cyuan Mai Mian). They sell prepackaged noodles and they also sell noodles by weight. 意麵 (Yi Mian) costs NT$35 for one small bag.
大方烤雞 (Da Fang Roast Chicken) is inside the market building near an entrance on Tzli Street. There is a stand with a yellow sign with red letters that say 大方烤雞 (Da Fang Roast Chicken). They sell 煙燻烤雞肉/鴨肉/鵝肉 (yan syun kao ji rou, ya rou and e rou- barbequed chicken, duck and goose). A small is serving costs NT$150 and a large is NT$250. Just tell them 一份小的or一份大的 (yi fen xiao de) (yi fen da de), which means one small or one large 煙燻烤雞肉/鴨肉/鵝肉 (yan syun kao ji rou, ya rou and e rou). For example, if you want a large serving of chicken, you should say, “Yi fen da de ji rou.” Da Fang Roast Chicken is popular, and many blogs recommend it. There is a vegetable vendor with no name next to Da Fang Roast Chicken. There is a small white sign with blue letters that say GAP (Good Agriculture Practice) displayed on their stand. They sell by piece or by weight. There are no price signs, so you have to ask 怎麼賣? (Ze me mai?), which means, How much is this? And just point at want you want.
麻糬之家 (Mochi Jhih Jia) is inside the market building near an entrance on大明街9之1號 (9-1 Daming Street). There is a stand with a purple sign with white letters that say 麻糬之家 (Mochi Jhih Jia). They sell mochi, herb jelly and vegetarian gelatin. Their mochi is their most well-known item. It comes in three favors- peanut, sesame and red bean. There are signs that say 每盒10粒,一盒50元, which means you get 10 mochi for NT$50.
太空紅茶冰 (Tai Kong Iced Black Tea) is at 樂群街41-1號 (41-1 Luchuen Street). There is a cart with a white sign with small blue letters that say 太空 (Tai Kong). It also has big red letters that say 紅茶冰 (Iced Black Tea). They sell iced black tea in plastic bags and in cups. Previously in Taiwan, drinks were always sold in plastic bags, and some people still prefer to buy it this way. Also, you get more tea for the same amount of money that you pay for a cup.
三時茶房 (San Shih Cha Fang): 11 Lane 107, Taiping Road (太平路107巷11號). This lane is across from California Fitness. The sign is a red circle board with black letters that say ”ㄙㄢㄕˊ”. These are Taiwanese phonetic symbols which sound like the name of the tea house. Their hours are 11:00 to 22:30 There is a black menu on the wall. They sell almond tea and snacks such as clay oven rolls with fried bread sticks. We ordered one cup of their specialty-almond tea, and it tasted smooth and mellow. The prices are between NT$35 and NT$85. If you want a cup of almond tea, say我要一杯杏仁茶 (Wo yao yi bei shing ren cha).
香蕉新樂園 (Banana New Paradise): 111 Swan Shi Road Section 2 (雙十路二段111號二段). It has a red wall and a white gate out front, and there is a train beside the building. They sell Hong-Kong-style snacks and hot pot meals. They also sell things like candy and toys. Another special thing about this restaurant is that there is an old railroad car next to the building. It’s like a museum exhibit you can walk around in and imagine what it was like to ride a train many years ago. Single servings of snacks cost NT$60-100, and hot pot meals cost NT$200-300.
一中豐仁冰 (Yizong Fong Ran Ice): 6 Yee Tsai Street (育才街6號). The stand has a white board with the name of the shop on it. In summer, you may have to wait in line for a long time because it’s very popular. The specialty is 豐仁冰 (Fong Ran Ice). This is crushed ice mixed with plum juice, red beans, and ice cream. If you want to eat this at the shop, you must ask for a bowl 一碗 (Yi Wan). If you want it to go, you must ask for 一杯 (Yi Bei).
Food and drink vendors at Yizhong Street
青蛙下蛋 (Ching Wa Sha Dan): 43 Yizhong Street, opposite the 水利大樓 (Shuei Li Building). They sell drinks made with gelatin mixed with milk or brown sugar water. It has a big white sign with a green and orange words, and there is a picture of a frog beside the words. You can choose what you want from the board, and order 一杯 (Yi Bay) for one. 青蛙下蛋 (Ching Wa Sha Dan) also sells vegetarian gelatin combined with lemon. The price is NT$25-30.
半月燒 (Ban Yue Shau): 31 Yutsai South Street (育才南街31號) across from the 水利大樓 (Shuei Li Building). This is the tallest building in the area There’s a yellow sign with a big sign with black letters that say半月燒 (Ban Yue Shau). Under the sign, there are five pictures that show different kinds of pancakes. There are pork, corn, tuna, chicken and beef. These may be ordered with or without cheese. This shop also sells pancakes made with fried eggs and Chinese basil. They cost NT$35-40. You can just point at one of the pictures to order, and you can pay NT$5 to add cheese. To order a chicken flavor for one, you should say 一份雞肉燒 (Yi Fen Ji Rou Shau). It costs NT$35. The vendor will ask you 加起司嗎 (Jia Chisz Ma?), means “ Do you want to add cheese?
饕饌 (Tau Juan): No.33, Yutsai South Street (臺中市育才南街33號 ). It’s next to 半月燒 (Ban Yue Shau). There’s a big sign with two pictures of rice balls and clay oven rolls. On the top of the sign there are beige and brown letters that say 饕饌 (Tau Juan). Under the big sign, there’s a small white sign with black letters which lists eight selections. This vendor only sells clay oven rolls and roast rice balls. Both of them are made with pork, chicken, beef or lamb. The filling of the roast rice balls includes pickled cabbage, dried bean curd, stewed egg and fried bread sticks. The fillings of the clay oven rolls are cabbage and diced, preserved radish. These cost NT$40-45. The vendor also adds Taiwanese pickled cabbage to every order for free. The most popular snack is the roast rice balls. To order roast rice balls with chicken, you should say 一份烤飯糰 (Yi Fen Ji Rou Kau Fan Tuan). It cost NT$45.
王印乾麵 (Wang Yien noodles): 65-1 Taiping Road (太平路65號之1). 王印乾麵 (Wang Yien Noodles) is pointed on a small yellow sign with yellow words. The speciality at 王印乾麵 (Wang Yien Noodles) is handmade noodles with a spicy sauce. Many people will order this when they visit there. You should ask for 一碗 (Yi Wan) for one, and the price is NT$30-40.
山西刀削麵食館 (Shan Shi Dau Shiau Mian Shr Guan): 18 Yutsai South Street (育才南路18號). It has a big white sign with the name of the shop in red words. Its specialties are hand-sliced noodles with beef soup, and木須炒麵 (moo shi chao mian). The price is NT$50-70, and they also sell fried rice and many other noodle dishes. You should ask for牛肉麵 (a bowl of beef noodles) or 炒麵 (fried noodles) for one.
胖子雞丁 (Ponz Ji Ding): 20 Yizhong Street. There is a cartoon man on an orange sign with purple letters that say胖子雞丁. Their opening hours are 11:30 to 23:00, and they are closed every Tuesday. They sell fried chicken, including chicken legs, and chicken breasts. They also sell French fries and various quick-fried vegetables. There is a menu in Chinese that shows the items and the prices. If you want to buy a small bag of diced chicken, you say 我要一份小的雞丁 (Wo yao yi fen hsiao de ji ding). A small one costs NT$40, and a large bag costs NT$60.
雄爺雞蛋糕 (Shong Ye Ji Dan Gao): 65-1 Taiping Road (太平路65號之1), next to胖子雞丁 (Ponz Ji Ding). Opposite the building is中興堂 (Zhong Xing Tang). There is a white sign with black letters that say 雄爺雞蛋糕 (Shing Ye Ji Dan Gao). They sell small cakes with different fillings such as chocolate, butter, cheese, or peanuts. There are many small boards below the sign that show the flavors and prices. If you want to want a bag of cheese flavor, you can say 我要一份起士口味的 (Wo yao yi fen cheese kou wei de). These are small and convenient to eat while you walk around. A small bag of any flavor costs NT$10-20.
日式炸物 (Japanese Fry): An unusual and cheap vendor in the Yizhong Street market area. It’s on Yutsai South Street (育才南街), in front of 一中二街購物廣場 (Yizhong Second Street Shopping Plaza). There’s a blue sign with white letters that say日式炸物 (Japanese Fry), and the small stand is decorated in a Japanese style. The snacks are unique and delicious. They sell fried bananas, fried cheese balls, fried hash browns, and fried chicken speared on skewers. The cost is NT$15-30. One popular snack they sell is fried bananas. A skewer of fried bananas is only NT$15. To order a fried banana, you should say 一份炸香蕉 (Yi Fen Ja Shiang Jieu).
豪大雞排 (Hao Da Ji Pai): 49 Yizhong Street. It has a big yellow sign with a chicken picture and red words that say 一中豪大雞排 (Yizhong Hao Da Ji Pai). The wall inside is made of wood. This vendor sells fried food like French fries, quick-fried vegetables, chicken breast filets, and mushrooms. The most popular item is the chicken breast filets. Just say, 一份雞排 ( Yi fen ji pie ) to ask for one. The seller will ask you 要切嗎? (Yao chie ma? ), which means do you want it chopped up or not. It costs NT$45. If you want it spicy you can say, 我要加辣 (Wo yao ja la), and they sprinkle it with cayenne pepper powder.
山姆先生 (Mr. Sam): Yizhong Street 61 Lane. The sign is black with a yellow cartoon child’s face on it and white words that say 可樂奶 ( Kele Nai). This is a drinks vendor. They sell many different kinds of drinks, and the most special drink is 可樂奶 ( Kele Nai). It is Coke with milk tea. If you want to buy a cup of this, you can say 一杯可樂奶 (Yi bei kele nai). It’s a large cup, and it costs NT$30. The seller will ask you 甜度冰塊 (Tian du bing kwai), which means how much sugar and ice do you want. The best way to enjoy this is not too sweet and very cold, so you should say “Ban tan duo bing”.
臭豆腐 (Chou Tofu): Yizhong Street across from 胖子雞丁 (Ponz Ji Ding). The sign si white and red words say 臭豆腐. This vendor has been in business for thirty years. They sell only stinky tofu. This is the small brown squares of fried stinky tofu that many vendors sell, but it’s always fresh and well-prepared. You can say 一份小的 (Yi fen shiao de) for a small box, it costs NT$30, or 一份大的 (Yi fen da de) for a bigger box that costs NT$40. The seller will ask you “Jia la ma?”, which means do you want it spicy. You can choose to eat it there or get it to go.
北京茶燻 (Bei Jing Cha Shien): Yizhong Street near the A-Sir tea shop. Its sign is black and with red words with the vendor’s name on it. They sell cold boiled food like blood rice cake, chicken leg, beans, tofu and meatballs. You put the items into a small basket yourself, and they chop it up and put into a bag for you to eat with skewers. Each item costs NT$10. You can say, “Wo ye ja la”, which means do you want to add spice. The seller will ask you, “Yau ja swan tsai ma?”, which means do you want Chinese pickled cabbage or not. The rice sausage and blood rice cake are very good at this vendor. If you have no idea about what you should try, just grab a bunch of stuff and see how you like it.
打餅舖 (Da Bing Pu): 83 Yizhong Street near 豪大雞排 (Hao Da Chi Pie). There is a vendor stand with a red sign with white words that say 打餅舖. This vendor sells Chinese pancakes. Their top most popular flavors are pictured on a placard over the stand. The best-seller is Chinese pickled cabbage with cheese and egg. However, we thought that cheese with egg was better than that because we tried both of them. It cost NT$30 for the cheese with egg, and the Chinese pickled cabbage with cheese and egg costs NT$35. You can say “我要一份起士蛋”(Woy au yi fen chiz dan) for cheese flavor, or “我要一份酸菜起士” (Woy au yi fen swan tsai chiz) for the Chinese pickled cabbage with cheese and egg flavor. They will ask you 要加辣嗎? (Yao ja la ma?), Which means do you want spicy.
泰好喝(Thai How Her): 8 Lane 75 Taiping Road. This stand is made of wood, and there are two lovely chairs in front of it. The sign over the stand says 泰好喝, and it is decorated with LED lights. They sell Thai-style drinks like black tea and milk tea. We bought a cup of milk tea. It’s orange and not very sweet, and it has a strong tea taste. We think the best way to enjoy it is fairly sweet and very cold, so you should say,”一杯奶茶全糖多冰” (Yi bei nai cha. Chuan tan duo bing.) One cup costs NT$35. They may ask you 要袋子嗎? (Yao daiz ma?) means do you want a plastic bag.
老虎堂 (Tiger Sugar): 96 Yizhong Street in I PLAZA 愛廣場, next to Taichung First Senior High School (臺中一中). It has a black and yellow sign with the character "虎"(tiger). The vendor mainly sells bubble tea with a special, tiger-like appearance, which is a mixture of brown sugar and fresh milk. The vendor has therefore become one of the most famous bubble tea stores on Yizhong Street recently. To enjoy one, you can say "我要一份黑糖波霸厚鮮奶" (Woy au yi fen hei tang bo ba hou sian nai) for its flagship product, "Black suger boba and cream mousse". You can't change the sweetness or ice of the tea, so they won't ask. One cup costs NT$60.
多多茶坊 (Dou dou cha fang): 38 Zunxian Street across from the 水利大樓. Under an ordinary look and a menu with nothing special, there are some hidden drinks with creative flavors in the vendor. Thus, it gets popular among students. One of the most classic drinks is "核廢料" (He fei liao, "nuclear waste"), combined with mung bean soup, Ovaltine, and milk powder. It costs about $35. If you are feeling lucky, try "隨便" (Sui bian). The owner will make a drink with random ingredients, at the cost of NT$25.
UZO Mediterranean Bar & Grill, 22, JingCheng 5th St, ☏ +886 4-2327-3518. 18:00 - 24:00, closed on Monday. Great place for a drink. Possibly the best beer selection in Taichung, well beyond the typical Taiwan Beer and Heineken. Relaxed quite atmosphere with outside seating available.
Golden Jaguar (金錢豹酒店), No. 960, Sec Taiwan Road, Situn District , Taichung. Taichung area's most famous nightclub, the main consumers for rich people, and there will be hostessing in uniform girl, even you can requirement they strip hostessing. (updated Jul 2016)
Chun Shui Tang (春水堂), No. 30, Siwei Street, West District, Taichung. One of the two rival claimants to having invented bubble tea. (updated Jun 2020)
Corner Backpacker - Taichung Hostel, No.85, Rixin St., West Dist, 403, ☏ +886 973331020. Wifi in lobby, TV in lobby, security lockers, air conditioning, bike for rent. Su-Th NT$500 per person; F-Sa NT$550 per person.
Kao Yuan Hotel (高苑商務旅館), 392 Zhongzheng Road, Beiqu. (北區 中正路 ３９２號), ☏ +886 4 2226-2566. Nice, very clean rooms with jacuzzi and free Western and Chinese breakfast. LAN internet in every room, CNN, HBO, and free TW English newspaper every day. NT$1,600 per night.
Twinstar Hotel. Good mid range hotel located close to rear entrance of Taichung train station. Hotel and rooms are old but service is decent and Chinese breakfast served. Book on web site for lowest rates, starting at NT$1600.
J&I Hostel (逢甲美宿館), 407 No.9-11, Nanzi Ln., Sec. 2, Xitun Rd., Xitun Dist. (西屯區西屯路二段湳子巷 9-11號). Comfortable and clean room, located close to the most famous night market of Taichung.
Lai Lai Hotel (來來商旅), No.125, Sec. 3, Sanmin Rd., North Dist. (北區 三民路三段 125號), ☏ +886 4-2229-8282, fax: +886 4-2229-9090, reserve@lailaihotel.com.tw. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 12:00.
Evergreen Laurel Hotel, 6 Taichung Gang Rd. Sec. 2, ☏ +886 4-2313-9988.
Howard Prince Hotel Taichung, 129 Anhe Rd, ☏ +886 4-2463-2323.
Hotel One Taichung, 532 Yingcai Rd, ☏ +886 4-2303-1234. High-end hotel and it is also the tallest building in the city.
Plaza International Hotel, 431 Daya Rd, ☏ +886 4-2295-6789.
Splendor Hotel, 1049 Jien-xing Rd, ☏ +886 4-2328-8000.
The Windsor Hotel Taichung, 78 Taichung Gang Rd. Sec. 3, ☏ +886 4-2465-6555. Along with Hotel One, this the other newer high-end hotel in Taichung.
The Tempus Hotel Taichung, 9 Taichung Gang Rd. Sec. 2, ☏ +886 4-2326-8008. Formerly known as the Landis (which might be what your taxi driver knows it as) this is a great hotel in the center of Taichung. Room includes access to the Mandara Life Club next to the hotel. The club features a 30m, 6 lane lap pool, large sauna, hot springs and a full complement of gym equipment. From NT$3300.
In addition to traditional-style hotels, you might want to consider the exotic "love motels" for which Taichung is famous. These provide the feel of a resort with a large bath (often complete with television), large-screen television in the main room, and large beds, but without the need to travel hundreds of miles away. Rooms are individually priced and themed: everything from tropical paradise, complete with waterfall or reflecting pool, to dramatic uptown chic, to kitschy reds and pinks. Visit with your special someone for a night you won't soon forget! Here are a couple to get you started:
dead link The Love Boutique Motel (悅豪), No.83, Sec.3, Hui-Chung Rd., 408 Taichung, Taiwan, ☏ +886 4-2258-3366.
Enjoy Motel (悅萊), No.19, Shihjheng N. 7th Rd., 408 Taichung, Taiwan, ☏ +886 4-22597799.
The area dialling code for Taichung is 04. From overseas, dial: +886 4 XXXX XXXX
Taichung is generally safe as long as you are vigilant at all times. Look both ways before crossing roads, then look again while you cross. Most injuries and fatalities to travelers in Taichung occur from vehicular accidents. Often there are no sidewalks, or they are blocked by shops, and you'll have to walk on the road. As you alight from a bus, be sure to look to your right before stepping down to prevent being hit by a scooter.
As Taichung is in the middle of Taiwan, it is convenient for making trips to Taipei and Kaohsiung. There are frequent, comfortable and inexpensive freeway-bus services plying the routes. The journey to either city by bus or train takes around 3 hours, or as little as 1½ hours given optimal traffic conditions.
The Taiwan High Speed Rail (HSR) is now in operation, and as it will run at up to 300 km/h, travel time to Taipei and Kaohsiung is now as little as 45 minutes.
Taichung is near several recreational areas. A short distance to the north is a large waterpark, especially enticing during the hot summer months, while the mountains and lush plains of Puli in Nantou County where you could visit Sun Moon Lake are within an hour's drive to the east. The coast is a mere half-hour from central city to the west.
Routes through Taichung (THSR)
Routes through Taichung (National Highway)
→ Nantou County → Chiayi County
This city travel guide to Taichung is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.