Tallinn is Estonia's capital and largest city. Tallinn is an important port of the Baltic Sea, with the busy passenger section of the port reaching the foothill of the picturesque medieval Old Town, which has been astonishingly well preserved and was inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1997.
On the shore of the Gulf of Finland, it is a city of over 450,000 inhabitants (2023). It is home to a third of the country's population, and is also the capital of Harju County in Northern Estonia.
In a striking contrast to its Old Town, its immediate outskirts are filled with a cluster of modern office towers, with intermittent architectural monuments to the Soviet era. Further out, you will find a bewildering variety of historic and modern neighbourhoods, religious, civic, industrial and maritime heritage. This all provides for the city seeing very sizeable tourist traffic given its size, which in turn means the infrastructure is robust and extensive.
Tallinn skyline in a painting from 1816
Tallinn is a historic city dating back to medieval times. The first fortress on Toompea was built around 1050 and Tallinn was possibly first recorded on a world map in 1154. In 1219, the city was conquered by Valdemar II of Denmark and it became a member of the Hanseatic League in 1285. The city, known as Reval at the time, prospered as a trading town in the 14th century, and much of Tallinn's historic centre was built at this time.
Tallinn then became a pawn in the geopolitical games of its big neighbours, passing into Swedish hands in 1561 and then to the Russian Empire under Peter the Great in 1710. By World War I and the ensuing brief Estonian independence (starting 1918) Tallinn's population had reached 150,000.
Estonia was occupied by the Soviet Union in 1940, conquered by Nazi Germany (1941–44), and then retaken by the Soviets. In World War II, the city was quite extensively bombed by the Soviets, although luckily the medieval town remains. The Soviet Union undertook a program of massive East Slavic migration, and just over 40% of Tallinn's current inhabitants are Slavic (compared to an average of 28% for the entire country). On 20 August 1991, Estonia declared independence and Tallinn became its capital once again.
View from the Old Town towards the modern skyline of Tallinn
Today Tallinn is a bustling, gleaming city. However, among the tall glassy buildings and corporate headquarters, Tallinn retains an inner charm seldom found elsewhere. Estonia considers itself a Northern European/Nordic country, with very close ethnic, linguistic and cultural ties to Finland and cultural ties to Scandinavia, and visiting Tallinn you will find a mix of at least three architectures in this very visual city—old Europe (the city walls with rustic buildings and charming living areas with well-preserved and colourful wooden houses of bourgeois taste of 1920s), Soviet brutalist (concrete apartment blocks), and modern Europe (including McDonald's next to the city walls!)
Tourism is important for Tallinn and this is especially visible in the old town where almost every door leads into a souvenir shop, restaurant or bar. Unsurprisingly the majority of visitors are day trippers from Finland. The neighbours from across the bay usually know their way around without a map and have already seen the sights of Tallinn a couple of times. They come to enjoy low prices on practically all goods and services from restaurant meals to fuel and even plastic surgeries, not to forget as much alcohol as the customs regulations allow you to bring into Finland!
The districts of Tallinn - tourists will probably spend most of their time in Kesklinn (the city centre), which includes the Old Town
Tallinn is made up of 8 administrative districts (linnaosa), which are further divided into numerous quarters (asum). Most of the points of interest to tourists are located in the seaside districts. The districts of Tallinn are:
Kesklinn - literally meaning "city centre" and being just what the label says, this district includes the main part of the Port of Tallinn, the Old Town (Vanalinn), Tallinn's central business district with its skyscrapers and many other tourist attractions in the quarters surrounding them, including the Kadriorg park and palace and most of the coastline of Lake Ülemiste except for the part immediately adjacent to the airport
Haabersti - the westernmost district with the extensive coastline holds the Estonian Open Air Museum, the Tallinn Zoo and the Saku Suurhall Arena
Põhja-Tallinn - literally meaning "north Tallinn", extends north of the railway line and includes the industrial part of the Port of Tallinn, as well as many monuments to its military heritage, the Maritime Academy and the quarter of Kalamaja known for its wooden houses
Pirita - the least populous district of Tallinn stretches along the eastern part of its coast and includes both a popular beach and a forest. This is one of Estonia's most desirable places to live, in single-family houses, for the affluent, and home to some tourist attractions as well, including Tallinn's TV Tower or the Botanic Gardens
Lasnamäe - the most populous district of Tallinn holds over a quarter of its inhabitants in the large Communist-era blocks of flats, but apart from the airport it has little of interest to the tourists
Nõmme - formerly an independent town founded as a leisure/summer residence, Nõmme remains green and sparsely inhabited, with rich architectural heritage and many private villas. It ranks as one of the country's most affluent areas.
Kristiine and Mustamäe are residential districts southwest of the centre.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
At these latitudes winters are dark and cold and temperatures under -20°C are not unheard of from December to February. Thankfully, the sea moderates the winter temperatures a bit compared to continental cities with similar temperatures like Moscow.
Spring is the driest season and while there are often sub-zero temperatures at night until well into May, the snow usually disappears towards the end of March and the days are getting gradually warmer. Summer months are pleasant with day temperatures between +20°C and +30°C in July and August, however if it's raining, temperatures are lower. The summer is the best time of the year to visit Tallinn. Although Tallinn doesn't experience the Midnight Sun, in the middle of the summer it doesn't get really dark at night.
Usually you will need your jacket again towards the latter half of September. The autumn is the "rain season" and with both temperatures and the leaves falling, Tallinn doesn't look very attractive this time of the year. However the greyness is covered up by the snow that usually arrives in early December. Visiting Tallinn in December when the Old Town is beautifully covered in snow and Christmas decorations is not a bad idea.
Tourist Information Centre in Old Town, Niguliste 2 / Kullassepa 4., ☏ +372 645 7777, turismiinfo@tallinnlv.ee.
The most common ferry route is from Helsinki, Finland to Tallinn Port, which has upwards of 20 departures daily. Depending on the ferry, journey time is 1½-3½ hours. Prices average €16-30 one way, depending on operator, season (summer costs more), day of week (Fridays and Saturdays cost more) and time of day (to Tallinn in the morning and back in the evening is popular and hence more expensive). Particularly popular are day cruises, which can go for as little as €10 return. All ferries also carry cars, from €25 one way. Bicycles can be taken for around €5 one way. Bikes on car ferries must go through vehicle check-in, which closes earlier than passenger check-in, so plan for extra time.
Cruise ships moored in Tallinn harbour
The following companies operate ferries between Tallinn and Helsinki:
Eckerö Line, ☏ +372 664 6000, info.ee@eckeroline.ee. Operates only one ship, the 2000-passenger Finlandia (3 times daily, travel time 2½ hr). Often has the cheapest fares. If you take the morning sailing to Tallinn and the evening sailing back you will have about eight hours in Tallinn. (updated Feb 2019)
Tallink Silja, ☏ +372 640 9808, booking@tallink.ee. Up to 6 departures daily on large Shuttles Star and Superstar (2 hr). They also operate the MS Baltic Queen (3½ hr), a 2,800-passenger cruise ship for easy overnight stays in Tallinn. Discounts are available to Eurail pass holders. As this company has more departures you will have more flexibility planning your day trip. (updated Mar 2015)
Viking Line. Large Viking XPRS ferry (2½ hr). Departs Helsinki midday and late in the evening. The day departure from Helsinki is very late (11:30) so you will have less than four hours to spend in Tallinn (you need to be back on board half an hour before departure) before the ship sails back. On Sundays the ship leaves even earlier. If taking this boat you would better stay overnight in Tallinn if you want to do any serious sightseeing.
Eckerö and Viking usually have the cheaper fares, as they are more geared towards day-trippers and the party crowd who come to have a great time on board and tend to spend more in the bars, restaurants and shops on board. Tallink is more geared towards frequent travellers such as Estonians working in Finland.
Boats and yachts in the Tallinn Port marina
Tallink also offers a year-round daily overnight service from Stockholm taking 16 hr.
See also Baltic Sea ferries and Cruising the Baltic Sea for details on travelling in by ferry.
Passenger ferry terminals in Tallinn Port
All ferries dock at Reisisadam port, to the north of the center. Tallink uses  Terminal D at the south-eastern side of the bay and Eckerö and Viking the  Terminal A/B at the northwestern side. At Terminal A/B you can grab a useful free city map just before exiting the terminal. From there, city bus #2 and commercial bus #90K operate to the city centre (A. Laikmaa stop), inter-city bus station (Autobussijaam stop) and the airport (Lennujaam stop). Or, you can take a leisurely 15-min walk toward the Old Town that is easily visible from the terminals. View a map of route 2dead link.
The journey from the port to the city centre is not all that impressive but don't be shocked - this isn't the real Tallinn! As of late 2015, construction of a new, glitzy shopping area is underway, something that will cover much of the ugly sand and mud fields (on the downside these buildings will reportedly partially cover the view to the old town).
If you are travelling with your car on the ferry, the traffic in the harbour can be a bit chaotic as everyone tries to get out from the area as quickly as possible and lanes are not clearly marked, especially around Terminal D.
You can sail with a yacht to Old Town Marinadead link, the special harbour for recreational vessels.
Tallinn Airport is a relatively small one, serving around 2 million passengers annually
Tallinn Airport (TLL IATA also known as Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport or Ülemiste Airport) (2 km ( mi) south-east of the city centre on the eastern shore of Lake Ülemiste). Tallinn has an international airport, the Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport, within the city limits in the district of Ülemiste. A small yet pleasantly quiet airport, it has a good choice of cafes and free Wi-Fi throughout the terminal building. Car rental desks are located on the bottom floor next to the entrance. Despite serving a capital city, Lennart Meri Airport is not among Europe's best-connected platforms, as it has few connections to major hubs across Europe; thus planning your travel to Tallinn may be tricky depending on your origin or next destination. The airport has no intercontinental flights, the longest flights being towards Turkey and the Mediterannean. Most flights out of the airport are operated by the Latvian flag carrier Air Baltic, which has its second hub there. Further connections are offered by some carriers, mostly Star Alliance members, Finnair, and low-fare airlines like Ryanair, Wizz Air, EasyJet and Norwegian. It is thus much more interesting, and cheaper, to travel to Estonia via a major European hub in northern and central Europe. (updated Jul 2020)
Taxis to the old town should cost €7–10. The Bolt app is more popular than Uber (it's Estonian after all!)
Tram 4 is closed for construction until 2024. Bus 15 will be stopping at Tallinn Airport, at the same place where the tram used to stop. This bus stops at the bus station (bussijaam) and finishes near the old town.
Bus #2dead link departs roughly every 15 min. The journey to Balti Jaam (Baltic Station, the Central railway station close to the old town) takes approximately 20 minutes. Both inbound and outbound line #2 buses stop on the Tartu highway (about 5 minutes walk from the terminal). To get to the city, catch the bus travelling towards "Balti Jaam", and not towards "Mõigu", which is a residential area on the outskirts of the city. Tickets are €2 and you can buy a ticket from the driver, use your contactless payment card (at the front-most ticket reader only), purchase a ticket online or purchase a rechargeable "green card" from the R-Kiosk located in the terminal building (see Transport). View a map of route 2dead link.
You can also hop on one of the hourly Sebe buses to Tartu. They stop in front of the terminal. Tickets can be bought from the driver or from the ticket machine installed on the ground floor of the terminal building. Buses to other Estonian destinations depart from the city bus station (see below) and do not stop at the airport.
Tallinn train station (Balti jaam), Toompuiestee 37 (immediately west of the Old Town). It is the hub of local Estonian trains operated by Elron in the directions of Tartu, Viljandi, Paldiski, and a few other Estonian cities. (updated Sep 2022)
The big neon sign makes the Bussijaam easy to find at night
Intercity Bus Station (Bussijaam) (on Tartu mnt. halfway between the city centre and the airport). You can easily walk here from the Old Town in 20 min, or use public transport (buses #2, 17, 23; trams #2, 4). (updated Jan 2020)
Frequent buses operate between Tallinn and other cities in Estonia. Domestic bus schedules and prices can be found at Tpilet.ee and Peatus.ee (a good trip planner as well).
International buses run frequently between Tallinn and Riga, Latvia (4½ hr) with continuing service to Vilnius, Lithuania and the rest of Europe. Another popular route is between Tallinn and St. Petersburg, Russia (€25-30, 8 hr). Free Wi-Fi is usually available on board.
The following bus companies operate international bus service to/from Tallinn:
The Old Town is best navigated on foot, not that you have much choice. A network of buses, trams and trolleybuses covers the rest of the city. There is an abundance of relatively cheap taxis. Before you jump in a random taxi car make sure you check the price on the window of the car. In Tallinn there are more than 20 taxi companies and some can be a rip-off.
A tram passes by the Old Town
Due to massive road works in the summer of 2023, temporary routes are in use in the centre. Check latest information and be prepared for problems caused by traffic jams.
TLT operates frequent bus, trolley and tram services daily 06:00-23:59.
Timetables and maps are available in English.
Põhja-Eesti Public Transport Centre is a local authority which organizes public transport in Harju County, the province surrounding Tallinn.
Public transport is comparable cheap in and around Tallinn, compared to overland prices of the same distance, due to the zone structure of Tallinn. Thus, many sights even an hour away from Tallinn (e.g. Jägala Falls) are highly affordable, as long as they are within the zones. Information about zone boundaries and ticket prices are available.
Public transport is free for residents of Tallinn.
Unless you are registered as a resident, remember to buy your ticket. From driver the price is €2, no change given; the ticket is valid for exactly one trip, no transfer.
It is possible also to use a contactless payment card (Mastercard, Maestro, Visa and Visa Electron) to buy one-hour (60 min) ticket for €, then you must use public transport front door. As you board a public transport vehicle, you will be required to validate your trip every time by swiping the payment card at the rectangular orange validators in the front of the vehicle. If you see a green light, your trip has been validated. The system tracks your daily usage and automatically bills your bank account for the cheapest ticket you are entitled to for the day, meaning the maximum you will pay in a single day for an unlimited amount of trips is the price of a one-day ticket (€).
Rechargeable "green card" (Ühiskaart), which is a brand new, cash-free, and smart way of payment. Use your card to touch a bright orange box every time you enter the bus: a single 1-hour ticket (€, transfer allowed) will be charged automatically and on each day individual tickets will total until the price of the day ticket (€) is reached (as of March 2020). Alternatively, the card can be charged for unlimited travel for 3 days, 5 days, or one month. Get this card from one of the abundant R-kiosks for €2, a refundable deposit which is only refundable in limited locations. Refund is available at the R-Kiosk of the Tallinn Airport, Old City Harbour Terminal A and D, Balti jaam and the service desk of bus station (details). You can charge the card immediately or do it later on-line (major credit cards accepted).
If you have internet access, you can purchase a single ride for € or day ticket for € online by debit/credit cards (multiple rides/passengers can be purchased at the same time) using Pilet.ee website or mobile app. After payment, you will receive a QR code which can be scanned at the bright orange box only on the front door of the bus/tram as proof of payment. You can also load pilet.ee mobile app to buy tickets.
The Tallinn Card includes unlimited use of public transport.
Bus, trams, and trolleybuses form an extensive network with the major bus hub at Viru Hotel (underground bus station). Some trolleybuses terminate at the nearby stop Kaubamaja, which is adjacent to the main department store (Kaubamaja). Vehicles may have different colours depending on their age and model: some old trolleybuses from the time of the USSR can be still seen in the streets of Tallinn. The level of comfort varies greatly. If you want to avoid steps, look out for special yellow markings in timetables: these denote newer vehicles that are friendly to baby prams and people with reduced mobility.
Taxis in Tallinn come in all sorts and sizes, and have no particular colour or unifying features apart from the taxi sign on the roof and the stickers on the doors
Tallinn has many different taxi companies and independent taxis. There is no standardised base price or price per km. Some tourist scam taxis have absurdly high prices, and as long as those prices are displayed on the sticker in the window and on the dashboard, they are completely legal. The locals never take those taxis: their sole modus operandi is to prey on innocent tourists. Do as the locals do, and order a taxi by phone.
Do not accept offers from taxi drivers waiting at the harbour or train station. Do not accept offers from taxi drivers who approach you at the airport. The same goes for any taxi that looks shabby or does not carry the logo of one of the reputable companies. Also be wary of taxis that look overly luxurious: large Mercedes, TV-screens inside, usually only a very small and vague logo on the door. If you're obviously drunk and are taking one of those questionable taxis from the harbour, you might be driven to some bar or strip club the taxi driver is collaborating with. Usually you will proceed to have a few drinks there without asking for the price and will then be presented with a huge bill. Taxis hanging out in front of nightclubs often have the highest prices.
Ride-hailing services (Bolt, Uber, Yandex.Taxi) are very common in Tallinn, see Estonia#By taxi.
Some reputable local taxi companies are (rates as of July 2020):
Takso24 – A taxi company owned by Tallink, which practically offers all the same amenities as Tallink Takso, but the price is clearly cheaper (during the day €/km and at night €/km + € ride start fee)
Sõbratakso – "Economy" taxis with a mixed car fleet, somewhat cheaper than the competition (price per kilometer €/km + € as the starting fee for the ride). Unlike many other economy taxis, the cars are clean and the drivers competent.
Tulika Taksodead link – By no means from the cheapest end (during the day €/km and at night €/km + € ride start fee), but the availability is good and the cars are clean. Usually white Toyota Avensis.
Tallink Takso – Certainly one of the most expensive taxi companies in Tallinn (during the day €/km and at night €/km + € ride start fee), but the cars are clean and their availability is also good. Yellow Mercedes B-class, Audi A6, Skoda Superb or Hyundai I30 Wagon (not to confuse with Tallinn Taxi, who also have their cars painted yellow).
Other taxi companies (rates as of July 2020):
Amigo Takso – daytime €2 + €/km, nights €2 + €/km
Krooni Takso – daytime € + €/km, nights € + €/km
Marabudead link – daytime € + €/km, nights € + €/km
Q-Takso – daytime €2 + €/km, nights €2 + €/km
Reval Takso – daytime € + €/km, nights € + €/km
E.T.X. Takso – daytime € + €/km, nights € + €/km
Välk Taksodead link – daytime € + €/km, nights € + €/km
Massive road works in the summer of 2023 makes driving in the centre difficult, including getting to some of the ferries.
The road rules and driving style in Tallinn can be confusing to tourists. The one and two way roads change frequently and some signposts are not descriptive. Another peculiarity to be found are roads with three lanes where you need to be a local to know if the lane in the middle is meant for traffic going in your direction or in the opposite direction. Traffic jams in Tallinn clear very quickly, however. The speed limit in Tallinn is 50 km/h, except some major streets such as Laagna tee, Pärnu mnt., Paldiski mnt., Peterburi tee etc., which have a speed limit of 70 km/h.
CityBee and Bolt Drive offer freely accessible vehicle rental services in Tallinn. Cars can be picked up and dropped off in public car parks.
There is an abundance of parking, but you have to pay for it. In some cases you can park free of charge for 15 minutes, but for an average traveller that is of course not enough. To find a cheaper parking area, Parkopaedia mobile app generally helps, with up-to-date prices mapped for most central parking locations; it won't tell the current availability, though. € per hour, €5 for 24 hr at Europark within walking distance from the downtown is a somewhat typical cost.
The locations of ticket machines, and other methods for paying for parking, aren't always obvious. The ticket machines are the easiest way of paying for your parking. With the ticket machine, just pay the price for the time you wish to park, push the green button, take the ticket and put it inside the windscreen where the parking attendant can see it. Prepare coins in advance, as credit cards and paper money are only accepted by parking machines in large indoor parkings, while breaking money can be difficult to find nearby. Mobile phone payment is popular with locals, but requires a local mobile contract to use it. For tourists the mobile app "PARGI.EE" can be used to find prices and pay for parking either for street parking or for some of the most popular parking garages.
For a rental car, a few helpful tips to avoid being fined are:
Each rental car should come with a plastic mock clock on the dashboard that should be clearly visible from the outside of the car. This clock is used to indicate when you first park at a location. For example if you park at 05:30, your plastic clock should be set to show 05:30. You can then park for free until 05:45.
Find a bright-orange vested parking inspector in order to determine what type of parking ticket you need. To ask for a parking ticket, say "Palun, üks parkimispilet" in Estonian.
Scratch the correct date and length of time you'll be parking. In kiosks and some grocery stores you can buy parking tickets that look like lottery tickets. The ticket is split into sections and they are written in both Estonian and English. Scratch off the date of usage. Then scratch off the time you wish the ticket to start. Make sure it is clearly visible next to the clock on the dashboard.
Signs prohibiting parking are not always well visible, one example is the area between the Terminal D in the port and the Norde Centrum shopping centre. Look out for signs with the word Eramaa - this is Estonian for "private" and means that parking is either prohibited or available for a fee.
A bicycle trail between Stroomi beach and Rocca al Mare
There are more than 180 km of bicycle roads in Tallinn. The Eurovelo international route goes from west to east, giving you a good chance to ride comfortably through the city. Many bicycle roads are in green parts of the city and are meant more for recreation, although suitable for commuting. You can ride on every road, and use the sidewalk, though you must heed the pedestrians. Many hostels have bike rentals for their guests.
City Bike, Vene 33 (500 m from Viru Street, McDonald's corner), ☏ +372 511 1819, mail@citybike.ee. Oct-Apr 10:00-18:00, May-Sep 10:00-19:00. Over 140 bicycles and lot of extra gear. Real cyclist centre with experienced staff, opened in 2003. Tours, good recommendations for day-routes in Tallinn and self-guided tours in all over Estonia. €10-13 / 24 hr.
The Old Town of Tallinn is very comfortably covered on foot.
Audio guides in several languages are available for small charge at the tourist centres.
Toompea hill seen from the tower of St. Olof's church
The Tenet tour is a showcase of sets of the 2020 film Tenet. The Tallinn history tour is a walk through the city's long history.
According to myth, the hill was built on top of the grave of legendary Estonian king Kalev, but more historically, its solid limestone and the site of the Danish castle that founded the city in 1219. Toompea was the home of the Danish and later Baltic German aristocracy and relations between the toffs and the plebs were often inflamed, which is why it's surrounded by thick walls and there's a gate tower (1380) guarding the entrance. Check out the viewpoints, some of which give great views over the city. There's also a cluster of amber (merevaik) shops around here (no Estonian origin but popular among cruise tourists).
Toompea Castle (Parliament of Estonia), Lossi plats 1A, ☏ +372 6316357, ekskursioon@riigikogu.ee. 10:00–16:00. It's the seat of Estonian Parliament (Riigikogu). The castle complex consists of several parts: the western wall and the towers of Tall Hermann, Pilsticker and Landskrone built by the Danes between 13th and 15th centuries; the classic style building of the government of Estonian Governorate built 1767–1773 by the Russians, and the building of the Riigikogu from the 1920s. It's believed that already in the middle of the 11th century there was an ancient Estonian wooden fortress on the location. (updated Aug 2021)
Alexander Nevsky Cathedral, Lossi plats 10, ☏ +372 644 3484, nevsky@hot.ee. A classic onion-domed Russian Orthodox church, built 1894–1900, during the Russification period when Estonia was part of the Russian Empire. In 1928, when Estonia was independent, it was argued that the church is a symbol of oppression and architecturally non-suitable, therefore should be demolished. But it survived also the Soviet times, and now is used by the Estonian Orthodox Church of Moscow Patriarchate.
St. Mary's Cathedral (Tallinna toomkirik), Toom-Kooli 6, ☏ +372 644 4140, tallinna.toom@eelk.ee. The oldest church in Tallinn, built as a Catholic church in 1229 but renovated and expanded many times since then. It became a Lutheran church in 1561.
Stenbock House (Stenbocki Maja), Rahukohtu 3. Today, the Stenbock House is the seat of Estonia's government, but it was built as a courthouse in late 18th century, at the behest of the erstwhile Russian authorities. The Russian treasury eventually found itself unable to pay for the building, so the Count Stenbock, who erected the edifice, was left with it as his personal residence. The treasury was only able to buy it more than a century later, when it finally became the courthouse it was intended to be.
Estonian Knighthood House (Eestimaa rüütelkonna hoone), Kiriku plats 1. The green Renaissance revival building was erected in mid-19th century as the fourth consecutive home of the Estonian Kinghthood, a congregation of essentially German nobles who pratically controlled Estonia up to its independence in 1920s. Since 1920s, it played host to the Foreign Affairs Ministry, National Library, and the art collections on display at Kumu. As of 2014, it is home of the Estonian Academy of Arts. The building is not open to the public as it is used for instruction and faculty work.
The medieval Old Town (Vanalinn) of Tallinn was built in the 15-17th centuries, and is excellently preserved. It contains a large part of Tallinn's sights and is the only UNESCO world heritage site entirely in Estonia. As clichéd it may sound — you can't say you've been to Tallinn if you haven't visited the old town. This compact area is best explored on foot.
Viru Gate (Entrance to the Old Town via Viru Street). This section of town is known as All-Linn or "Lower Town", as it's where the merchants and artisans of old Tallinn lived. Today, Viru is still Tallinn's trendiest shopping street and the entire All-Linn is the busiest (and most touristy) bit of Tallinn.
Town Hall Square (Raekoja plats). The square in the heart of the Old Town, just next to medieval Town Hall (Raekoda), ringed with cafes and restaurants. The square was used as a marketplace.
Town Hall (Raekoda), Raekoja plats 1, ☏ +372 645 7900. Tallinn Town Hall, built at the turn of the 14th and 15th centuries, is the oldest town hall in the Nordic countries and Baltic states. Its heavy stone structure dominates the square. Nowadays it's used as a museum where smaller concerts are held. The weather vane on top of the spire is called Vana Toomas ("Old Thomas") and it has become a symbol of the city.
St. Olaf's church (Oleviste kirik), Lai 51. Built in the 12th century. Today it is a Baptist church and probably the most visible landmark on the northern end of the Old Town. When Estonia was part of the Soviet Union the tower was used as a radio tower and a surveillance point. Tower €3. (updated Sep 2017)
St. Nicholas church (Niguliste kirik), Niguliste 3. W-S 10:00-17:00. St.Olaf's lookalike is at the other end of the Old Town. Heavily damaged in World War II and a fire in the 1980s, it is now an art museum and houses Bernt Notke's famous Danse Macabre from 1633. adults €, concessions €2.
Vabamu (Museum of Occupations and Freedom), Toompea. 8, ☏ +372 668 0250, info@vabamu.ee. Daily 11:00-18:00. Educates and involves the people of Estonia and its visitors and encourages everyone to think about the recent past, to sense the fragility of freedom, and to stand for freedom and justice. Adult €11; concession €7; family €23. (updated Feb 2020)
City Wall. A section of the City Wall can be climbed from the corner of Suur-Kloostri and Väike-Kloostri, with entry into three towers possible. Quite frankly, the views from up on Toompea are better, and the spiral staircases are steep and somewhat claustrophobic. €.
Estonian History Museum (Great Guild), Pikk 17, ☏ +372 6968 690, post@ajaloomuuseum.ee. Daily 10:00-18:00 (1 May - 30 Sep); Th-Tu 10:00-18:00 (1 Oct - 30 Apr). The History Museum's main location is the medieval Great Guild Hall. Here, the permanent exhibition takes you through 11,000 years of Estonian history by means ranging from striking exhibits of artifacts to interactive "time capsules". Topics covered include a surprisingly wide range, from coinage and wine to the history of the Great Guild building itself. On top of that, there are always some temporary exhibitions which usually serve as a link with present-day Estonia and Tallinn. €4; Free entry on the last Thursday of every month and on the International Museum Day, 18 May.
Estonian Maritime Museum (Fat Margaret), Pikk 70 (Trams 1/2 and bus 3 to Linnhall), ☏ +372 6 200 550, booking@meremuuseum.ee. May–Sept: daily 09:00 – 18:00; Oct–Apr: Tu–Su 10:00 – 18:00. The Maritime Museum dates back to 1935 and is housed inside the largest of the Tallinn city wall towers, aptly named "Fat Margaret" (Paks Margareta). Visiting the museum allows one not only to see the potpourri of maritime-themed artifacts, but also the 16th-century cannon tower and experience the view from the cafe on its roof. While the museum is the original location of the Meremuuseum, you absolutely cannot miss their second location in the Seaplane Harbour, where the ships and airplanes are stored (see below). €5, combined ticket with Seaplane Harbour - €14. (updated Jul 2019)
Ex-KGB Headquarters, Pikk 61. Now the Interior Ministry and not generally open to the public, this is where the KGB detained and tortured suspected dissidents. A Soviet-era joke says that this was the tallest building in Estonia: even from the basement, you could see Siberia. Interrogations were indeed conducted in the basement and you can see even today how the windows were crudely bricked up with concrete to mute the sound.
City Train for kids (Thomas the Train), Kullassepa 5, ☏ +372 5887 7742. Departs every 20 minutes; so takes the round trip. adult €6, child €4.
Kiek in de Kök. An artillery tower, which is today a museum.
Freedom Square, Vabaduse väljak. The Freedom Square is one of the main squares in Tallinn, featuring the simple and elegant St. John's Church from the 1860s and the contemporary Victory Column, erected in 2009 to commemorate the Estonian War of Independence of 1918-1920. The square looks especially spectacular at nighttime, when the column is lit up.
Rottermann Quarter. An industrial district between the city and the Tallinn Port. The buildings are from the 19th and 20th century, with motifs of Art Nouveau and Historicism. New and stylish apartment buildings with shopping centre have now been built there widely regarded as architectural masterpiece in Tallinn.
Tallinn Linnahall, Mere pst. 20 (stop: Linnahall Bus 3 or #90K (Airport bus) to stop 7 and then a 5-min walk to the Linda line terminal past the Domina Inn Ilmarine hotel). A fine example of Soviet Brutalist architecture designed by Raine Karp and Riina Altmäe and built for the 22nd Moscow Summer Olympic Games in 1980 for sailing events held in Tallinn. Scale the exterior of this crumbling monumental eulogy to mass culture and marvel at the fact that beneath its crumbling exterior lies a 5,000-seat amphitheatre (that last held a concert in 2008) and a 3,000-seat ice rink. It is closed to the public as negotiations regarding its redevelopment continu. It is maybe a last chance to see part of Tallinn's overlooked architectural heritage in its current form. Linda line run their catamaran service to Helsinki from offices adjacent to/underneath the helipad.
Estonian Firefighting Museum, Raua 2, ☏ +372 53 028 404, muuseum@rescue.ee. M–Th 09:00 – 17:00, F 09:00 – 15:30.
Contemporary Art Museum of Estonia (EKKM) (Eesti Kaasaegse Kunsti Muuseum), Põhja pst. 35 (coming from the old town, just walk towards Linnahall; the museum is located just after the small road that is behind Kulturikatel), ☏ +372 53305449, info@ekkm.ee. April to December: Tu–Su 12–19 (you may want to double-check online). Already when entering, this place plays with what a museum should look like: you enter into a café. The exhibition rooms are diverse, as they make use of old industrial space. The shows are prepared by artists, hence the place builds a bridge between the upcoming and the established scene. free admission, donations very welcome. (updated Oct 2018)
Peter the Great's Naval Fortress (Peeter Suure merekindluse suurtükipatarei) (on the Aegna Island, 14 km north). In the 18th century, the coastal protection batteries, part of the larger Peter the Great’s sea fortress system, were built in the island.
A beautiful and rich seaside resort district with mostly wooden buildings from the 18th to 20th centuries, and 20th-century Art Deco and Functionalist structures. It also includes the baroque pearl of Estonia, the Kadriorg Palace and Garden.
Kadriorg Palace, Weizenbergi 37. An imperial Russian summer residence built by Italian architect Niccolo Michetti for Tsar Peter the Great in 1718. It is in a 90-ha (222-acre) park in the eastern part of the city. The Tsar, a classic and mysterious Russian soul, preferred to stay in a modest house nearby. This event signified the beginning of Tallinn's fame as a summer resort for noble and rich Russians for most of the 18th and 19th centuries. The palace houses some painting collections and other art. A portion of the complex is now occupied by the Office of the President and not available to the public. €6 (for the palace).
National Art Museum KUMU, Weizenbergi 37/Valge 1 (stop: Kumu). Opened in February 2006, this is the largest government-built building since the liberation and it is an almost 50,000 m² (538,196 ft²). The museum, whose architecture is by itself enough to justify the visit, houses a cyclopic house, partly cut out of limestone rock. Permanent exhibition is obviously focused on Estonian art in a wide interval of time. Quality of many pieces is very good and well worth a visit. Also very interesting is the (not too spontaneous) turn of interests of artists toward socialist themes during the USSR period. Exhibitions of modern art, mixed with net/social applications, are often surprising and amusing. Not to be missed or overlooked.
Song Festival Grounds (stops: Oru, Lasnamägi, or Lauluväljak). A huge Modernist structure where the All Estonian Song Festival, which is held every five years, features 34,000 singers and dancers in addition to a massive audience.
The Botanical Gardens seen from the TV Tower
Includes forest parks, Botanic Gardens and Metsakalmistu (the last resting place of well-known Estonians). A few km east of the city centre along the seaside road.
Tallinn TV Tower, Kloostrimetsa 58a (stop: Motoklubi). A 314 m high, free-standing structure with an observation deck on the 21st floor which, with its 170 m, is the highest in Northern Europe. It offers spectacular views across Tallinn and, on a clear day, you can see Finland. €10.
Tallinn Botanical Gardens (Bus no: 34A or 38 stop: Kloostrimetsa). The Tallinn Botanic Garden is in the eastern outskirts of Tallinn, 10 km from the city centre and 3 km from the Pirita Sailing and Recreation Centre.It is a must see destination for nature and plant lovers. The "greenhouse" located near the ticket office houses variety of plants, flowers, trees, cactus family and lot more. Spring temperature is maintained always inside the greenhouse, even during winter season. The outdoor garden is vast and has varied flower collections.
Metsakalmistu Cemetery, Pirita (stop: Metsakalmistu, Bus no 34A or 38). Tallinn's most famous cemetery, housing Estonia’s presidents Konstantin Päts and Lennart Meri, as well as chess player Paul Keres. If you're not there to see the graves of Estonian celebrities, it's a peaceful experience to just stroll among the trees.
Holy Birgitta Monastery (Pirita beach area, 5km from the city centre). A monastery of Scandinavian female saints, as well as a landmark of 16th century catacombs and ruins. It includes a guest house operated by the nuns.
One of the wooden houses of Kalamaja
Kalamaja Quarter (north west from Old Town). The oldest suburb of Tallinn, dating back to the 14th century. It was probably inhabited by fishermen (Kalamaja means "Fish house") and mostly houses workers. The current wooden buildings are from the 19th century.
Patarei (Battery) Prison, Kalaranna 2, ☏ +372 504 6536. Built by Tsar Nicholas I in 1820 as a fortress to protect the city from the sea-born attacks, it was turned into a notorious KGB prison in 1920. The prison ceased operations in 2004. (updated Aug 2019)
Seaplane Harbour (Lennusadam), 6 Vesilennuki (No immediately adjacent public transportation stop - you need to walk at least 1 km from either the Linnahall (bus 3, tram 1/2) or Kalamaja (bus 3) stops.), ☏ +372 6 200 550, info@lennusadam.eu. May-Sep: daily 10:00 to 19:00; Oct – Apr: Tu-Su 10:00 to 19:00. Lennusadam, literally "air port", was constructed in 1916 for the purpose of serving the seaplane fleet with a spectacular, three-domed concrete hangar. Today, it serves as an outpost of the Maritime museum, serving its large collection of complete ships, airplanes and maritime and military equipment too large to fit the Fat Margaret. Inside the hangar, the highlight is the complete submarine Lembit, whose interior can be visited as well, a shipwreck from the 16th century and a collection of smaller boats and seaplanes. The crown of the collection moored outside in the harbour is the steam-powered icebreaker Suur Tõll. Throughout the museum, a number of state-of-the-art technologies and solutions are employed for a more engaging and enjoyable visit, and the museum has a wide range of activities and tours on offer. As the Seaplane Harbour is a bit out of the way, those getting peckish can enjoy a meal at the museum's restaurant Maru inside the hangars. €14 (combined ticket with Fat Margaret - €16).
At the Estonian Open Air Museum
Estonian Open Air Museum, Vabaõhumuuseumi tee 12 (stop: Rocca al Mare or bus 42 or 43 to stop: Zoo and then a 15 min walk. Start walking with a map on hand for directions; otherwise, you might find it difficult.), ☏ +372 6549100. Tu-Su 10:00 - 19:00. This museum includes 72 buildings of Estonian vernacular architecture and village milieu of the Tsarist time of rule in a dark, dense forest. This museum provides a picture of the life and its hardship in the old times. The Folklore Society Leigarid gives free dancing performances here at 11:00 each Saturday and Sunday. The museum organizes special events during Easter, which provide more insight on Estonian traditions and culture. Winter (September 29 – April 22): Adult €8, Concession €6, Family €16. Summer (April 23 – September 28): Adult €10, Concession €7, Family €20. (updated Sep 2022)
Tallinn Zoo, Paldiski mnt. 145 (Bus stop: Zoo, trolleybus 6 or 7). This is an enormous area. Among its live exhibits, you'll find the world's best collections of mountain goats and sheep, which means there are a lot of them! Tallinn Zoo defies the realities of a relatively modest town -- it features all the elephants and crocodiles a visitor would expect to see in a larger zoo, as well as a breathtaking maze of lake-size ponds that host birds in summertime. It also has pets that children can cuddle in children’s petting zoo. Adult €8, child €5, family €20. (updated Jul 2020)
Also, check out other sights within North Estonia, which could allow for a day trip from Tallinn.
A guided tour in Tallinn during the Medieval Days.
Medieval Days (Keskaja Päevad), Raekoja plats (in the Old Town), ☏ +372 660 4772, +372 518 7812 (Estonian Folk Art and Handicraft Union), +372 5364 8854 (Costume rental), info@folkart.ee. July. Come and experience the medieval atmosphere of the historic Hanseatic City! You can find workshops and market with traders, participate in tours and witness exciting tournaments.
Kultuurikatel (creative hub), Põhja pst 27a, ☏ +372 56 2011 15. Formerly an industrial site, this is now Tallinn's main creative hub, site of many events (see website). (updated Oct 2018)
Energy Discovery Centre (for youngsters), Põhja pst 29, ☏ +372 620 9020, info@energiakeskus.ee. Daily 12:00–18:00, public holidays 12:00–17:00. (updated Jul 2020)
PROTO Invention Factory (PROTO Avastustehas), Peetri 10, ☏ +372 627 6661. Indoor amusement park where amusements take place with the help of VR glasses. (updated Jun 2021)
Kalev Spa, Aia 18, ☏ +372 649 3300. One of the largest water parks in Northern Estonia. (updated Jun 2021)
Atlantis H2O Aquapark, Randvere tee 11, Viimsi (Buses 1A, 114, 174), ☏ +372 666 7045, info@aquapark.ee. The water park has several fun water equipment: a wave pool, a flow pool and eight different slides, the longest of which is over 120 m. For toddlers, there is a separate area with two smaller slides, a climbing area and a -m-deep swimming pool.
Vembu-Tembumaa, Keskuse tee 2, Kurtna, Saku (Bus 219, 2 km walk from Kiisa railway station), ☏ +372 671 9155, info@vembu-tembumaa.ee. The oldest and largest amusement park for the whole family. €18.
A beach on the Baltic Sea shore.
A flag system that regulates swimming. A green flag means it is safe swim, a yellow flag means you can swim, but it isn't recommended and a red flag means swimming is not advised, go in at your own risk.
Pirita Beach (Pirita rand) (take bus 1A, 8, 34A or 38. to stop "Pirita", or walk by the sea 5 km northeast of centre). A large sandy beach which in summer is full of locals and tourists.
Stroomi Beach (Stroomi rand, Pelgurand) (take bus 40 to stop "Supelranna"). The water is clean and warm, and it is the gay friendliest beach of Tallinn.
Lake Harku (Harku järv) (take trolley 6, 7 or bus 16, 36 to stop "Väike-Õismäe"). Small lake that draws a lot of people. The lake gets dirtier by the year and swimming is not always recommended. Watch out for the vipers on the shore!
Kakumäe beach (Bus 21 from Balti jaam (where the trains arrive), bus 21A from Väike-Õismäe. Stop Landi (21) or Sooranna tee (21A & 21B); from Landi stop keep walking (1 km) until Sooranna tee stop, there you'll find helpful signs). The water is one of the purest in all of Tallinn beaches.
Pikakari Beach. The water quality is fairly good and it gets deep quite soon when you go in. The huge waves coming from the ships break on shore for the joy of all swimmers. The historical Katariina Pier is nice to walk on.
Tallinn offers a lot of sporting opportunities from ATV rentals to ice skating.
Football: The men's national soccer team play home games at Lilleküla Stadium (sponsored as A. Le Coq Arena), capacity 14,300, 2 km south of city centre. City clubs playing soccer in Meistriliiga, the country's top tier, are Levadia, Flora, Nõmme Kalju and Tallinna Kalev. FC Tallinn and Legion play in Esiliiga the second tier. The domestic playing season is March-Nov.
Simpel Session. Summer/Winter. International skateboarding and BMX event.
Tallinn International Horseshow. Spring/Autumn. Biggest international horse riding competition in Baltic states, includes showjumping and dressage. Takes place in Saku Suurhall.
Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival (PÖFF). The festival combines a feature film festival with the sub-festivals of animated films, student films and children/youth films.
Estonian Song and Dance Celebration in 2009 Photo: Egon Tintse
The Estonian Song Celebration (Laulupidu). 4-7 July 2019. First held in 1869, takes place every five years. In 2014, 35,000 choral singers gathered to perform for an audience of 90,000 people. It is recognised by UNESCO as a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity. (updated Aug 2018)
Tallinn Music Week. Spring. Showcase festival, aiming to stage the best and most outstanding Estonian talent on two nights in Tallinn's most vibrant live venues, as well as a networking event for the music industry professionals.
Tallinn International Festival Jazzkaar. April. In addition to Tallinn jazz concerts also take place in Tartu and Pärnu.
Tallinn Old Town Days. May/June.
Birgitta Festival. August. Music and theatre festival, held at the ruins of the historical Pirita (St. Bridget's) convent.
Saku Suurhall. Rocca al Mare. Estonia's largest concert and exhibition space, the venue for the 2002 Eurovision Song Contest. The hall and its facilities include an excellent shopping centre that can easily be reached by trolleybus 6.
Tallinn University of Technology Summer School, Ehitajate tee 5, ☏ +372 620 2002, Siyi.ma@ttu.ee. TUT offers every summer courses in English (TOEFL) and Nordic Culture
Tallinn University Summer School, Narva mnt 25, ☏ +372 6409218, birgit.kirsimagi@tlu.ee. Tallinn University offers a Summer School to learn Eesti.
Estonian Academy of Arts, Estonia pst 7, ☏ +372 626 7301, piret.frosch@artun.ee. 17:00-20:40. Open Academy for everybody interested in arts. Wide range of courses and interactive creativity from €75.
Baltic Film and Media School, Narva mnt 25, ☏ +372 619 9909, tatj@tlu.ee. Runs a training program and several other activities in the film & media sphere and has a cooperation with Apple
English language teachers with TEFL certificates or equivalent are in demand. Especially during periods of Summer School and/or TOEFL test times, teachers have good opportunities.
Jobs for non-Estonian speakers are less common in other fields, although several IT companies (e.g. Skype) have English based job openings. Compared to Finland or other Scandic countries salaries are lower, so it could make sense to utilize job opportunities in nearby areas. Estonia is part of the EU and Eurozone, so work permits are easy for EU member states and associated countries. All other will need to apply for work permits.
Digital nomads may take advantage of the several coworking spaces, with new ones still popping up from time to time. Among the bigger ones are, for example, Spring Hub and Lift99 (the latter being application-only and strongly connected to the local startup scene). The national librarydead link, which is a few hundred metres south of the city centre, offers plenty of space and good free internet connectivity during opening hours.
Tallinn may be cheap compared to other major European cities, but it is no longer the bargain deal it once was. Though not overtly touristy, it is much more expensive than the rest of the country. If you come here for an authentic Estonian and inexpensive experience, this is the wrong place. Prices can be comparable to Munich and Milan.
Viru Keskus, Viru väljak 6. 09:00-21:00. In and around the landmark Viru hotel, it is very busy as the bus terminal is below this mall. It is still in walking distance from the port but serves tourists and locals as well.
Foorum Keskus, Narva maantee 5.
Kaubamaja, Gonsiori 2. Opened in 1960, this is the grand old department store of Tallinn. Unsurprisingly a lot has changed since the Soviet times.
Melon Kaubanduskeskus, Estonia puiestee 1/3, ☏ +372 630 6500.
Stockmann, Liivalaia 53, ☏ +372 633 9539. Part of the Finnish department store chain, here since 1996. Close to the port and popular with Finnish tourists.
Rocca al Mare kaubanduskeskus (Take trolley 6 or 7, bus 21, 41 or 42), ☏ +372 6659 345, info@roccaalmare.ee. A few kilometres west of the old town along Paldiski maantee. Consists of a Prisma hypermarket and tens of smaller, mostly fashion boutiques. Also restaurants.
Ülemiste Keskus (Near the airport; take tram 4 or bus 2 to Ülemiste linnak).
Kristiine Keskus, Endla tn 45 (Take trolleybus 3 or bus 21, 23 or 42), ☏ +372 665 9100, info@kristiine.com. One of Estonia's biggest malls with dozens of clothing and shoe outlets, nearly 20 cafés and restaurants, and countless other shops and services.
Rotermanni Kvartal. Rotermann's Quarter is a downtown shopping area with clothing and department stores and restaurants between Viru Keskus, Tallinn port and the Old Town. If you are walking from the harbor towards Viru Väljak the quarter is on your left hand side. One place to find bargain clothes is the Rotermann Kaubamaja situated right at Mere Puiestee. The Kaubamaja also has a combined cafe and restaurant on the third floor which seems to be surprisingly empty even as they have reasonable prices.
For boutiques and souvenirs, your best choice is Viru street in the Old Town and its side streets. There are many stalls selling traditional items like woolen pullovers, crystal and amber. Be prepared to bargain in order to get a reasonable price, however bargaining is only accepted at some places. Even though Baltic amber and Russian matryoshka dolls are widely available in souvenir boutiques, neither are related to Estonia or its culture and are sold in Estonian souvenir boutiques mainly because they sell well to tourists.
Telliskivi — indie shops, Telliskivi 60a (use tram 1 or 2 towards Kopli and get off Teliskivi, pass by Depoo into Teliskivi street), info@telliskivi.cc. Former industrial, now creative/entrepreneurial district Telliskivi is home to many small boutiques selling nice goods ranging from arts, to clothes and interior. A book shop and a record shop are also welcoming you. You will find all shops on the website. (updated Oct 2018)
Ivo Nikkolo, Suur-Karja 14. Fashion-interested people can visit the main store of Estonia's first Post-Soviet designer brand Ivo Nikkolo.
Geek Shop Estonia, Narva mnt 19, ☏ +372 555 31 000, info@geekshopestonia.ee. M–Sa 11:00–20:00. Pop culture collectibles and gaming store, which sells toy figures, board games, clothes, accessories and other geek stuff.
Jaama Turg (Baltijaama turg), Kopli 1. A market place next to the train station. Overrated and overpriced, gourmet food at three times the price of regular market places. For tourist and rich locals.
Keskturg, Keldrimäe 9. Market place 500 m from the bus station. They sell food and clothes.
Jõuluturg, Raekoja Plats. The Christmas Market on the Town Hall square is open from late November to early January. They sell knitwear, various wooden objects for use and decoration, Christmas tree decorations, gingerbread and such. It's not all about shopping, the Christmas tree in the middle is worth taking a photo of and there's a stage when they sing carols. Of course you can occasionally run into Santa at the market. Don't forget to try a mug of hot glögg, sold at many stalls.
Vana Turg, Mere Pst. The name translates to "old market" and is located on a small square just outside the old town. Vana Turg is a place to buy clothes and decoration items often Estonian-made and sometimes sold by the makers themselves: knitted pullovers and caps, gloves, belts and slippers are examples of what you can find here.
Sadamarket, Kai 5. Daily 08:00-19:00. Shopping daytrippers who arrive with Viking Line or Eckerö Line and can't be bothered to walk far from the terminal usually end up at this large indoor market. Three floors of clothing, bags, food and souvenirs plus some restaurants on the second floor. And of course also alcoholic beverages at a third of the Finnish prices. (updated Oct 2015)
Sadama Turg is conveniently located near the ferry terminals.
Sadama Turg, Sadama 25-4, ☏ +372 56650770, info@sadamaturg.ee. Another market near the ferry terminals, selling quality Estonian handicraft, food, and alcoholic beverages at cheap prices. (updated Jan 2020)
Biit Record, Viru 3. Tu-F 13:00-19:00. A music shop covering all major media types, with somewhat of a focus on vinyl. They especially have great indie and electronics offerings, can at the same time help find great local music and also other common genres. Located in an upper floor, the store has a special atmosphere to it. Offering secondhand and a wide variety of new records.
Rockroad Record, Endla 38. Mainly metal and rock/pop/blues also. Owner knows about Estonian and Russian rock music. Carries many Melodia label records.
Raamatukoi Grammofon Records, Voorimehe 9. Good selections. Classical, jazz, Estonian, pop-rock and so on. Furthermore, they sell postcards and stamps.
World Clinic record shop, Telliskivi 60a/3 1st floor (located at the northern end of in the Telliskivi creative area (<10 minutes walk from the central train station)), worldclinicshop@gmail.com. a small but very friendly and diverse record shop (updated Oct 2018)
Restaurants and cafes on Raekoja plats
The Old Town is packed with restaurants claiming to offer authentic Estonian food, particularly on and around Raekoja plats. Prices at restaurants near the Raekoja Plats are generally more expensive, yet offer the same quality of food, as restaurants off this main square. Prices are steep by Estonian standards, but still much cheaper than neighbouring Helsinki, which explains why on weekends they're always packed with day tripping Finns.
Maiasmokk, Pikk 16, ☏ +372 64 64 079, maiasmokk@kalev.eu. 09:00 to 21:00 mostly. The oldest still operating café in Tallinn, dating back to 1864. Coffee, tea, chocolate and various sweet and savoury pastries at quite cheap prices. Spacious with stylish decor. Next door is the Maiasmokk confectionery shop, which sells good quality Estonian chocolates. (updated May 2022)
Pub Kompressor, Rataskaevu 3. Very tasty and varied pancakes. There are also other dishes. Fantastic place with great food and drinks, especially kvass! (updated May 2022)
III Draakon, Raekoja plats. If you'd like to scoop nostalgia. Very interesting to eat in a special way. They have a small menu to offer but very good and very typical. The waitress plays at having the character of a sour waitress but with humor. A memorable experience. (updated May 2022)
Pizza Grande, Väike-Karja 6a. Very cozy place. Delicious pizza, affordable prices, pleasant service. Great environment. (updated May 2022)
Loca, Tatari 1, Tallinn (Located near Vabaduse väljak, right next to Söögiplats), ☏ +372 555 15 235. 11:00-07:00. Pizza, falafel, hummus, soup, beer. Fast food joint with wild staff and increasing customer service. €3-8.
Mr. Mauruse Pub (Estonia pst 8) (Near the city library.). A great local pub, featuring cheap food with hearty portions. (updated May 2022)
Around the market Balti Jaama Turg
F-hoone, Telliskivi 60a/F, ☏ +372 5322 6855, reserve@fhoone.ee. M-Sa 9-24, Su 9-22; kitchen closes 1 hr earlier. Used to be an industrial hall, now made a great bistro/bar which tends to become very busy in the evenings (book if you can, but as it's big you might well be lucky and find the one spare table. Good value for price. (updated May 2022)
East of the old town around the Coca-Cola Plaza
Kohvik Narva, Narva mnt 10, ☏ +372 6601786. M-F 08:30-20:00, Sa 10:00-20:00, Su 10:00-18:00. Cafe Narva long boasted an old-style interior preserved from the Soviet area; today's chic interior seems questionably authentic. Ladies at the counter are somewhat brusque (still) and mostly Russian-speaking, although this should not prevent you from enjoying traditional food of Soviet workers as well as delicious pastries baked on the premises. Cake per kg €-12, pastry pieces €, solyanka €3, pancake €, pasta carbonara €6, schnitzel €7, potato fritter €3-5, Pelmeni €5. (updated Sep 2017)
Puffid bakery, Peterburi tee 2 (on the first floor of T1 and Kristiine Center), ☏ +372 58500408, info@puffid.ee. Puffid bakery offers snacks for every taste, curd pockets, a special children's set, croissants, baguettes and salads with different fillings. (updated Feb 2024)
Aed (Embassy of Pure Food), Rataskaevu 8., ☏ +372 626 9088, aed@vonkrahl.ee. M-Sa 12:00-00:00, Su 12:00-18:00. Excellent organic, biodynamic and Demeter food, also full vegan options. Beautiful interior, very charming and romantic, wonderful service. Lower-than-tourist prices.
Aserbaijan Restaurant Shesh-Besh, Gonsiori 9, ☏ +372 661 1422, info@aserikook.ee. This dim and blandly decorated Azerbaijani bar-restaurant "Shesh Besh" offers genuine Azerbaijan cuisine. Although a namesake, it has nothing to do with a branch of Azerbaijan restaurants in Russia. Mains: €6-8.
Controvento, Vene 12/Katriina Käik. A very nice little Italian restaurant stashed away in a small side passage in the Old Town. Offering genuinely excellent food at reasonable prices with good service. Its only "flaw" is that it's hard to get into and is most often completely full, even on off-season week nights. You may want to call ahead and make a reservation. Pizzas and pasta dishes are around €10.
Crudo Resto, Peterburi tee 2 (in the shopping and entertainment center T1), ☏ +372 58777770, info@crudo.ee. 10:00 - 21:00. Italian cuisine, pizzas, pastas and a variety of Italian appetizers (antipasti), salads, soups, carefully selected wines, classic cocktails and Italian desserts. (updated Feb 2024)
Frenchy bistro, Telliskivi 60a/5, hall B, ☏ +372 5604 8262. M 17-23, Tu-Th 12-23, F-Sa 12-24. French food bistro in a hip vintage-industrial-modern setting. Has cheap daily offers. (updated Oct 2018)
Lamb Rogan Josh at restaurant Guru.
Guru, Aia 10, ☏ +372 5301 7828. A new Indian restaurant in central Tallinn, just outside the old town. Easy to find as it's on the same street as the Kalev Spa. Offers authentic Indian cuisine with plenty of spices. Try the Indian tea for dessert. Mains €12-20. (updated Dec 2019)
Kaja Pizza Köök, Õle 33, ☏ +372 6601611. Tu - Su 11:30 till Out of Dough (they will make a given amount of dough every day, so if it's very busy they will close "early"). pizza baked in a wood oven, with the choice of topping being aligned to traditional south Italian pizza. Small place, just one big table everybody shares. Combining traditional elements and a rather modern/hip atmosphere. pizza 5-8 Euro + 1 Euro per additional topping. (updated Oct 2018)
Karja Kelder, Väike-Karja 1, ☏ +372 644 1008. 11:00-00:00 or later. Pleasant and affordable tourist trap in basement. Located in the middle of Old Town. Main courses €-8.
Kohvik Moon, Võrgu 3, ☏ +372 6 314 575, moon@restoranmoon.ee. 12:00 - 23:00 mostly. A rather small restaurant with a nice, minimalistic decor. Serves traditional Estonian food with a Russian influence. Voted best restaurant in Tallinn in 2010. Very popular among tourists, and as such it is usually quite full. Prior reservations are recommended but not mandatory. Main courses €10–20.
Kompressor, Rataskaevu 3 (Just few minutes walk from Raekoja plats.). This place offers an assortment of huge and delicious pancakes. Don't give in to the temptation to order two portions, one pancake is usually enough. This place used to be less touristic, but is now. Pancakes from €, Beer €3.
Madissoni Grill & Baar, Rävala Puiestee 3 (next to the Radisson Blu Hotel). This open kitchen type restaurant serves good flame-grilled food at decent prices, especially popular for its daily lunch specials, King Club sandwich and burgers.
Oliver, Viru 3, ☏ +372 630 7898, info@oliver.ee. 10:00-00:00. A traditional restaurant in the heart of the Tallinn Old town. The menu is centered on various kinds of steaks, but there are also pastas and vegetarian dishes available. Main courses €15–23. (updated Nov 2015)
Restoran Peppersack. A middle ages-themed restaurant one block away from the city hall square - even the names of the dishes are medieval themed. Outdoor seating available in the summer, when they also played medieval (what else?) music on a small outdoor stage, and they seem also to have sword fight and oriental dance performances. Probably the main competitor of Olde Hansa and a bit touristy indeed but fun.
Pirosmani, Üliõpilaste tee 1, ☏ +372 639 3246. 10:00-24:00. Georgian food as it is done in Georgia. It's well out of the way, but that's a good thing. Almost everyone at this restaurant is local (although the menu has English), and tourists are not in sight, so the food here is good and great value. Try the Khinkali or the Harcho.
Troika, Raekoja plats 15. Offers generous portions of Russian food. In the warm summer months, people dine on the terrace. In winter, they head down to the warm cellar. To fill up, get a small zakuski (which is anything but small) appetizer plate. It's big enough for three and costs €9, then dip your pelmeni dumplings (costing €6) in smetana or the other sauces provided and wash it down with a shot of vodka (€5).
formerly dead link Umami, Kalasadama 8, ☏ +372 600 1035, info@umamiresto.ee. 12:00-20:00 mostly. Considered among the best restaurants in Tallinn. Originally located in Mustamäe, the restaurant came under threat of closing down in March 2019 when the building housing it was demolished. Instead of closing down, it opened in new premises in Kalamaja in northern Tallinn.Umami offers Estonian-style cuisine with an international twist, as well as a diverse wine list. The restaurant has a spacious terrace and is a short walk away from the ferry terminal. The burger of the day is worth trying. Main courses €. (updated Jun 2019)
Vanaema Juures, a typical Old Town cellar restaurant
Vanaema Juures, Rataskaevu 10/12, ☏ +372 626 9080. Translates as "At Grandma", which gives you an idea of the warm welcome you can expect here. Friendly and attentive staff are happy to explain the traditional dishes. Excellent value for money. It's a tiny place, so reservations are essential in the high season. Try the meatballs or the pork with sauerkraut and don't miss the kama porridge for dessert. (updated Feb 2020)
Bar Fish and Wine, Harju 1, ☏ +372 662 3013. M-Th 11:30-23:00, F Sa 11:30-24:00. The name pretty much says it. This is a modern cocktail bar and restaurant serving vodka and caviar, fish dishes and a wide range of wines.
Bocca, Olevimägi 9, ☏ +372 611 7290. M-Th 11:30-23:00, F Sa -24:00, Su 13:00-22:00. One of the trendiest restaurants in Tallinn. Features Italian cuisine by Nicola Tanda. It also has a nice bar to enjoy cocktails and snacks. This is one of the busiest restaurants in Tallinn. Reservations are highly recommended. €30.
Chedi (chedi), Olevimägi 11 (next to restaurant Bocca, in old town), ☏ +372 646 1676. M-Th 11:30-23:00, F Sa 11:30-24:00, Sun 13:00-22:00. Modern Asian kitchen supervised by Alan Yau from Hakasan, London. Modern and warm interior to give a retro Asian impression. Reservations recommended for the weekend and during summer holidays. €20.
dead link Kuldse Notsu Kõrts, Dunkri 8, ☏ +372 628 6567. Daily 12:00-23:00. Good traditional Estonian restaurant close to the main square. Try the house beer or vodka and fresh buckthorn and honey apertif with your blood sausage or the famous pork knuckle with extra spicy mustard. The traditional desserts are also worth a try. Live traditional music Sep-May F Sa nights. €20-30 including drinks and desert.
Vanaturu Kael street in the Old Town
Musi, Niguliste 6, ☏ +372 5663 6211. 17:00-24:00. This is primarily a wine bar, but it has light meals as well. From the outside it looks like a cosy oasis, and you might think the place is one little rustic room on display but there is more tables behind the wine bar. Welcoming staff and a good selection of wine by the glass. A good place for a relaxed meal, or with your friends before or after dinner. Glass of wine: €4; Small dishes: from €5.
Olde Hansa, Vana turg 1. The ruling king among Tallinn's purely touristy restaurants with some of them trying to copy its style. The place is simply medieval, not just in terms of food but also in the sense of performance - no electricity, no music except live and authentic, no modern inventions. The house special is bear meat "marinated in rare spices and cooked over a fire in honour of Waldemar II, the brave King of Denmark" costing €40+. Try one of the extraordinary beers, such as the honey beer. It is not likely that you will meet any locals here.
Restaurant Ö, Mere pst. 6E (close to old town, near harbour), ☏ +372 661 6150. M-Th 12:00-23:00, F Sa 12:00-24:00, Su 13:00-22:00. Reopened and two new chefs Martin Meikas and Ranno Paukson with focus on Modern Estonian kitchen. Good view of old town. €20.
Tchaikovsky, Vene 9, ☏ +372 6000 610. M-F 12:00-15:00, 18:00-23:00; Sa Su 13:00-23:00. As the name suggests, it is a Russian restaurant, but don't expect wooden benches, traditional food, and folk music. On the contrary, you will find a selection of Russian delicacies ranging from pancakes with caviar to pelmeni with pork and wild mushrooms, along with fusion-style cuisine (rabbit with Jerusalem artichoke being a good example). Expect delicious food and very high prices, but if you are looking for typical Russian fare, try to find another place for dinner. Mains start from €20.
There are plenty of nice cafés, especially in the centre. Among the interesting ones:
Café Mademoiselle (Kohvik Mademoiselle), Toompuiestee 27 / Paldiski mnt 4 (in the Kelmiküla district; at the Meriton Grand Conference & Spa Hotel), ☏ +372 62 88 155, pastry.meriton.tallinn@parkinn.com. Daily 08:00–22:00. A café with the high quality confectionery products. (updated Jun 2023)
Wabadus Kohvik (Café Wabadus), Vabaduse väljak 10, ☏ +372 6604019. M-Th 9-23; F 9-1; Sa 11-1, Su 11-22. located just next to the freedom square, this café has good drinks as well as dishes. The interior is a great blend of classical styles of prior decades with the modern times. (updated Oct 2018)
Tallinn's crazy nightlife is out of proportion to the city's small size. The days of armed mafiosos are over and these days any drunken fights tend to involve stag parties. Exercise some caution in choosing your venue, as some strip clubs and regular clubs make their money by fleecing tourists who come in for a drink. In local places, beers cost €-4.
In old town (vanalinn)
Beer House, Dunkri 5. Plenty of beers to choose from in this large authentically styled and decorated Bavarian Beer hall, including 5 of their own beers made on site. Try the Medovar Honey beer.
The Dubliner, Suur Karja 18, pubidubliner@gmail.com. 11:00-midnight (03:00 at the weekend). Popular Irish pub on one of the nightlife axes. Attracts younger people and is relative new, so no pub crawlers puke in front of the door.
Drink Baar, Väike Karja 8, ☏ +372 644 9433. Su-Th 12:00-23:00, F Sa 12:00-03:00. The widest selection of beers of any pub in town including many quality imports from Brewdog and Mikkeller. Good English-style pub-grub, featuring award winning fish and chips. Monthly comedy nights from the "Comedy Estonia" and quiz nights.
Hell Hunt is easily identifiable by its wall sign.
Hell Hunt, Pikk 39. The name means "the gentle wolf" in Estonian. A comfortable and homey pub in the Old Town and offers a wide selection of beers (including two of their own brews) and some pretty decent food. Don't miss the spare ribs.
Helsinki Karaoke Baar, Viru 18, ☏ +372 641 6164, info@helsinkikaraokebar.eu. Su–Th 13:00–01:00, F 13:00–03:00, Sa 10:00–03:00. A legendary gathering place for Finns. This bar, also known as Lokaal Helsinki, is a popular destination for both locals and tourists who crave a cozy atmosphere and Finnish music.
Kuku klubi, Vabaduse väljak 8. Founded 1935 by local art community and claiming to have had the best accessible cuisine in the former USSR since 1958 during the Russian occupation.
Lab Bar, Suur-Karja 10. Laboratory themed bar known for its shots in test tubes. You should definitely try the "Brain Scan".
Levist Väljas, Olevimägi 12. A cozy alternative bar in Old Town with a small dance floor.
Nimeta Baar (The Bar With No Name), Suur-Karja 4. Really fun place, popular with tourists.
Some of the beers available at 100 õlle koht.
100 õlle koht, Harju 6, ☏ +372 5884 9729. M-Sa 12:00-20:00 mostly, closed Sundays. The name means "the place of 100 beers" and the establishment indeed serves over 100 different types of beer. Traditional Estonian pub snacks also available. It's in an underground cellar so it's not suitable for people with limited mobility. (updated Mar 2020)
Texas Honky Tonk & Cantina, Pikk 43, ☏ +372 631 1755. 12:00-23:59. Texas-style cantina is a casual place for a Corona or, if you must, a Bud, or even to try out the frozen margaritas churning in the electric mixer behind the bar. More serious drinkers can try the "tequila flights": 3 or 5 shots of different tequilas to give you a sampling, not that you're likely to remember which was which next time around.
Von Krahli, Rataskaevu 10. An avant-garde theatre/bar.
These are still quite central; they are just not in the old town.
Lounge 24, Rävala Puiestee 3. On the top floor of the Radisson Blu Hotel, it offers spectacular views of Old Town and the Baltic sea from a trendy indoor setting and a breathtaking outdoor terrace. Lounge 24 serves a variety of light fares to full dinner menu, and a wide selection of beverages. Open to the general public.
Tšungel, Kopli 1. A terrace bar restaurant near the railway station.
Kohvik Nord, Mere pst 20 (located at the northestern corner of Linnahall), ☏ +372 444 0036, info@kohviknord.ee. evening café: opens at 5 only – see website for details. At the pier behind Linnahall; you are really at the sea. (updated Oct 2018)
Save for the spire, the towers of St. Olaf's church in the northern corner of the Old Town and Niguliste (St. Nicholas') church almost exactly at the opposite side of the Old Town look very similar.
dead link Arena3, Tartu mnt. 17 (In the Kompassi district). Plays middle of the road pop and disco. Popular with the young crowd. Reasonably priced.
Bonbon, Mere Pst 6e. Open to all who can get past the strict "face control". Over-the-top décor (chandeliers, leather seats) and prices to match.
Hollywood, Vana-Posti 8. W-Sa 23:00-?. Big club, popular with young Estonians during the week (Ladies Night on Wednesday) and general party crowd at the weekend. Standard is euro trash and top40 songs. Gets started at 23:00 but before 01:00 the party doesn't rock.
Gentlemen's Club Golden Time (Golden Time Striptease Club), Aia 10a (near Vene Kultuurikeskus), ☏ +372 588-780-68. Su–Th 21:00–06:00, F–Sa 21:00–08:00. A strip club with excellent interior design and good music.
Xclub (striptease night club and karaoke), Harju Street. 6, ☏ +372 6 310 575, info@xclub.ee.
HALL (Klubi HALL), Peetri 6 (at Kalamaja district; about 6 km from airport and 2 km from railway station), info@hall.vision. F–Sa 00:00–09:00. Techno music club.
Parlament, Ahtri 10. Bubblegum pop and live events.
Prive, Harju 6. Tallinn's flashiest nightspot, run by legendary warehouse party organizers Vibe, often has foreign DJs playing. Expensive and has strict face control, so dress up.
Riff, Viru väljak 4/6 (backside of Viru keskus shopping center), ☏ +372 5084602, +372 5038720. F Sa 23:00-05:00. If Russian club music, vodka shots and a vibrant crowd is your desire, this is the base. Pretty empty until 01:00 after then it fills up. They have a nice terrace during summer which is a popular meeting point as the main bus terminal is 100 m away and many stop their for the wait on the first bus in the morning. The club does have many bouncers but as long as you don't carry weapons or start a fight, they are rather passive. entry €6.
Teater, Vabaduse square 5 (across the street from Vabaduse square), ☏ +372 56 88 4444, info@klubiteater.ee. F Sa 23:00-05:00. Basement club on Vabaduse square. Popular with late twens and smaller groups. Music focus is on 1990s and 2000s. Door policy is relaxed but most people are dressed up. Usually starts going at midnight. €8 entrance (€15 for VIP) drinks from €4.
Virgins, Tartu mnt. 29, ☏ +372 56992255, admin@virgins.ee. 22:00-06:00. Gentlemen's club with erotic shows and luxurious drinks. Popular with business travellers and male tourists. €10 for the entrance.
This guide uses the following price ranges for a standard double room:
16EUR Hostel, Roseni 9 (Old Town), ☏ +372 501 3046, info@16eur.ee. Dorm bed: from €10; Single: €16-25.
Alur Hostel, Lai 20 (Old Town), ☏ +372 646 6210, contact@alur.ee. Check-in: 12:00, check-out: 12:00. Friendly staff, small kitchen and large common room. Wi-Fi available in all of the rooms. Dorm bed: from €9.
Euphoria, Roosikrantsi 4 (Old Town), ☏ +372 5837 3602, euphoria@traveller.ee. The place with a character. Painted walls, daily events, workshops and unplugged concerts make this place different from other hostels. A must stay for artistic spirits. Friendly staff and free Wi-Fi. As of 2018, this hostel closes during the winter season. Dorm bed: from €9.
Fat Margeret's, Põhja puiestee 27 (north-east border of Old Town), ☏ +372 510 0916, info@fatmargarets.ee. Hostel with a big living room, kitchen and a lot of clean toilets and showers. Free Wi-Fi. Bed from €10.
dead link Flying Kiwi Backpackers, Nunne 1 (Old Town), ☏ +372 5821 3292, info@flyingkiwitallinn.com. 20 beds
GIDIC Backpackers, 31 Tartu Mnt (Just outside Old Town), ☏ +372 646 6016. Australian-owned.
Zinc Old Town Hostel, Väike-Karja 1 (Old Town), ☏ +372 5781 0173. Changed owner a couple of times and also the name but still on the same place. Clean, friendly and flexible staff. (updated Oct 2018)
dead link Knight House, Rüütli 18 (Old Town), ☏ +372 5550 1001, Ilya@knight-house.eu. Hotel quality accommodation at hostel prices. Hostel occupies a house that is over 600 years old, with the centre of the Old Town just out the door. Fully equipped kitchen, common area, free Wi-Fi, free tea and coffee. Dorm bed: from €7; Single: €16-25.
Monk's Bunk, Tatari 1 (Old Town), ☏ +372 636 3924, info@themonksbunk.com. Even booking a place here online (either through the well known suspects or their own website), does not mean they have accommodation available. They are unreliable with regards to updating the status of their beds. So, better not have this stress and book somewhere else. Dorm from €11.
Old House Hostel, Uus 26, ☏ +372 6411 281, hostel@oldhouse.ee. A very nice, friendly and stylishly decorated hostel in the northern part of the Old Town, very near to the centre of Tallinn. The staff speak excellent English. The rooms are good enough to pass for hotel rooms, but have no private bathrooms. No restaurant, and no breakfast provided - you cook your own food or dine elsewhere in Tallinn. Free Internet connection available for hostel guests. Double rooms from €30.
Tallinn Backpackers, Olevimägi 11 (Old Town), ☏ +372 644 0298, info@tallinnbackpackers.com. Includes a sauna. Dorm bed from €9.
Hotel Dzingel, Männiku tee 89, Nõmme (5 km from Old Town and easy to reach by bus No 5), ☏ +372 610 5201, +372 610 5300, hotell@dzingel.ee. Double: €45.
Park Inn by Radisson Central Tallinn, Narva mnt 7C, ☏ +372 633 9800, info.tallinn@rezidorparkinn.com. This is not the best Park Inn in the world, but with some luck you can get a super low room rate compared to its sister hotels under the main Radisson brand. €48.
GoHotel Shnelli, Toompuiestee 37 (near the medieval Old Town, close to Snelli Park and the Baltic Railway Station.), ☏ +372 631 0100. Double: €38. There are discounted rates for guests arriving after midnight - €32.
dead link Hotel St. Barbara, Roosikrantsi 2A (Get off at Vabaduse väljak stop), ☏ +372 6400040, reservations@stbarbara.ee. A former hospital converted into a hotel. Located just south of the Old Town, it is easily accessible by public transit with bus and tram stops nearby. €40-60. (updated Mar 2019)
Citybox, Laeva 1 (Near D terminal and Nautica shopping center), ☏ +372 660 6630, tallinn@citybox.ee. Self-service hotel. Guests handle booking, payment, check-in and check-out themselves. Single €40, double €45.
St. Olav Hotel, Lai 5 (In the heart of the Medieval merchants district within three minutes walk form the Old Town Square), ☏ +372 6161180, olav@olav.ee. An old building with an interior that is also antique. However, the rooms are modern with flat-screen TVs. Double: €45.
Gotthard Residents, Pikk 66 (Just over  km to the old town and about 1 km to the ferry port), ☏ +372 611 8080, gotthard@gotthard.ee. Double: €44.
Meriton Old Town Garden Hotel, Lai 24, ☏ +372 664 8800, booking@meritonhotels.com. Double: €37.
The Pirita Monastery, Merivälja tee 18 (Pirita district, near Pirita beach), ☏ +372 605 5000, pirita@osss.ee. Featuring ski-to-door access, garden, terrace free WiFi and parking. Single €42, double €58, triple €77, quadruple €99.
Hotel Euroopa seen from the Marina of the Port of Tallinn
Barons Boutique Hotel, Suur-Karja 7, ☏ +372 699 9700, barons@barons.ee. The hotel is in an old bank building and features and overdose of pretentiousness for what are essentially quite simple rooms. €94.
Hotel Euroopa (formerly Clarion), Paadi 5, ☏ +372 6699 777, info@euroopa.ee. The Euroopa has a first-rate location overlooking the marina basin of the Old Town Port of Tallinn, and is generally a very modern hotel. The rooms are spacious and comfortable and perhaps the only downside to it all are wildly clashing textures and patterns throughout the hotel. €95.
My City Hotel, Vana Posti 11/13, ☏ +372 6220 900, info@mycityhotel.ee. The hotel in the conspicuous white early 20th century building may look like many others in Tallinn with the slightly outdated and pretentious decor, but behind this veneer lies a true dedication to detail, extending as far as featuring a bathtub duck in the courtesy toiletries set. €80.
Hotel Palace, Vabaduse Väljak 3, ☏ +372 680 6655, palace@tallinnhotels.ee. Operated by the local company Tallinn Hotels, the Hotel Palace is stuated in a 1937 buildinging with a stark gray period facade, somewhat contrasting with its name. The interiors have been refurbished in mid-2014 and now feature furniture and fixtures reminiscent of the interwar period. The art-deco theme is continued in the use of motifs from paintings of Konrad Mägi, a famous Estonian painter whose lifetime covered the turn of the 19th and 20th centuries. €92.
Radisson Blu Hotel Olumpia, Tallinn (formerly Reval Hotel Olümpia), Liivalaia 33, ☏ +372 631 5333, info.olumpia.tallinn@radissonblu.com. 390 air-conditioned rooms and bars and restaurants. It also has a conference centre, health club with swimming pool and saunas. Free WiFi throughout the hotel. €76.
Tallink City Hotel, A. Laikmaa 5, ☏ +372 630 0800, cityhotel@tallink.ee. Tallink's City Hotel has a very central location, right opposite the Viru shopping centre, but unfortunately it is let down by poor service standards dictated by the group business that is the hotel's mainstay. €92.
Tallink Express Hotel, Sadama 9, ☏ +372 667 8700, expresshotel@tallink.ee. The Tallink Express is the cheapest of the hotels provided by the ferry operator Tallink, sandwiched between their spectacular headquarters and the Tallink Spa & Conference Center. The rooms, furniture and fixtures are rather basic, and the location a tad remote and not in a pleasant or picturesque part of Tallinn. €68.
Tallink Spa & Conference Center, Sadama 11a, ☏ +372 630 1000, spahotel@tallink.ee. Tallink's most upscale property is just what the label says, with a pool spa with a number of water-based amenities and a conference centre. The rooms are modern and decorated with sometimes bewilderingly clashing patterns, and some overlook the main pool atrium rather than the outside. There is a considerable distance from the hotel to everything else but the ferry terminal. €92.
Hotel Ülemiste, Lennujaama tee 2, ☏ +372 603 2600, sales@ylemistehotel.ee. With a location close to the shore of Lake Ulemiste within walking distance to the airport, this hotel counts as Tallinn's airport hotel. Apart from the airport and the Ulemiste shopping centre, it is not quite close to anything. Everything about the hotel is reasonably modern, though let down by small niggles. €80.
Baltic Hotel Vana Wiru, Viru 11, ☏ +372 66 91 500, vanawiru@baltichotelgroup.com. The hotel has outdated rooms, some of which do not have much in terms of a view, while others feature sloping roofs, and it is bested by other hotels in many other respects. But this is all made up by its brilliant location on the Viru Street in the heart of the Old Town. €95.
The von Stackelberg Hotel Tallinn, Toompuiestee 23, ☏ +372 66 00 700, fom.vsh@uhotelsgroup.com. The hotel is based in a historic building once belonging to the von Stackelberg family, sitting just outside of the Old Town of Tallinn. The rooms are quite spacious for a historic property though, and there is an on-site spa providing wellness treatments. €79.
View of downtown Tallinn at night, including the Swissotel and Radisson towers
Merchants House Hotel, Dunkri 4/6 (Town Hall Square), ☏ +372 6977 500, info@merchantshousehotel.com. 31 rooms and six suites. The hotel is a small complex of 14th and 16th century buildings with rooms all looking in on the central courtyard. The historic buildings contrasts nicely with the luxurious designer interiors of the rooms. €115.
Nordic Hotel Forum, Viru Väljak 3, ☏ +372 622 2900, fax: +372 622 2901, info@nordichotels.eu. A modern hotel at Viru Väljak square in the city center. Good and generous breakfast buffet. double room €105.
Olevi Residents, Olevimägi 4 (Old Town), ☏ +372 6 277 650. Really nice and comfortable hotel in the middle of the Old Town. Free internet access. It has a very good hotel restaurant. The building is from the 14th century and has lots of character. Double: €103, breakfast included.
Radisson Collection Hotel, Rävala pst. 3, ☏ +372 682 3000, info.tallinn@radissonblu.com. 287 rooms €111.
dead link Savoy Boutique Hotel, Suur-Karja 17/19, ☏ +372 680 6688, savoy@tallinnhotels.ee. The Savoy is the most upmarket property among those operated by the local company Tallinn Hotels. The large building stands out among its Old Town surroundings, while the interior is appointed in a simple and conservative style. Due to the limitations of the historic buildings, some rooms, especially singles, are rather smallish. €133.
Schlössle Hotel, Pühavaimu 13/15 (Old Town), ☏ +372 699 77 00, sch@schlossle-hotels.com. Old storehouse that is converted in a barock-gothic boutique hotel. By some measures the oldest hotel (first erected in 14th century) and renovated in detail to fulfill today's requirements of a 5-star hotel. Only 23 rooms, spa and part of Leading Hotels of the world. from €122.
Sokos Hotel Viru, Viru väljak 4, ☏ +372 680 9300. This is a large matchbox of a building and, for a long time, it was the tallest modern building in Tallinn. It's very centrally located at the edge of the Old Town. In the Soviet days, when Tallinn was a hotbed of espionage, Viru was the city's premier hotel and every single room was famously bugged by the KGB. Today it's just a very good Finnish-run business hotel, and even the grey facade has been whitewashed. €128.
Solo Sokos Hotel Estoria, Viru valjak 4, ☏ +372 6 809 300, estoria.reservation@sok.fi. The Estoria is a part of the same building complex as the Viru hotel, but it follows the upmarket "Solo" concept and features colourful and unique design elements throughout its interior. The level of comfort and facilities is higher than at the Viru, but the 93 rooms are placed in a smaller building with less spectacular views. €158.
St. Petersburg Hotel, Rataskaevu 7, ☏ +372 628 6500. The St. Petersburg is a sister hotel of the Schloessle, operated by M.C Hotels, and as such a member of Summit Hotels and the Preferred Hotels Group. The boutique property is housed in a historic building at a corner of pedestrianized streets in the Old Town. The interior is filled with exquisite appointments and designer or vintage furniture and fixtures. Service and price levels match this standard. €140.
Swissôtel Tallinn, Tornimäe 3, ☏ +372 624 0000. Tallest building within the banking district. 238 stylish guest rooms with either city or harbour view. The hotel houses two restaurants and a deli for guests on the run; Püroval Spa & Wellness delivers private fitness and relaxation facilities, including an indoor pool, a gym, a sauna and a steam room. Views over Tallinn and Old Town are spectacular from 30th floor Horisont Bar. €113.
Hotel Telegraaf, Vene 9 (Old Town), ☏ +372 6000 600, fax: +372 6000 601, info@telegraafhotel.com. Located in Tallinn's Old Town, the hotel building was constructed as an exchange station for the Estonian Telegraph company in 1878, and with the historical façade left standing completely renovated to be reopened as a five-star hotel in 2007, featuring 86 elegant rooms and suites, a small spa area with an indoor swimming pool, two booths for facials and massages, a Symphony Lounge (function room, private events) as well as the renowned Restaurant Tchaikovsky and during the summer months a charming summer terrace. €160.
The Three Sisters Boutique Hotel, Pikk 71, ☏ +372 630 6300, info@threesistershotel.com. A member of Relais & Chateaux, the Three Sisters in the name refer to the three medieval buildings that make up the hotel. As the buildings date back to the 14th century, each of the hotel's 23 rooms is unique in shape and size, as well as appointments: some stay true to the medieval character of the rest of the hotel, while others are surprisingly modern. The steep staircases, sloping roofs and small windows are also part of the package. €139.
Tallinn is easily among Europe's safest capitals, with violent crime being rare and petty crime being negligible compared to other cities.
However, various governments warn against the risk of being pickpocketed, particularly in the Old Town. Watch your valuables closely, especially on public transport and at Viru Street.
The stigmatized neighbourhoods of Kopli and Lasnamäe – both predominantly Russian-speaking areas known as hotbeds for the notorious "Gopnik" culture – are probably best to be avoided after dark, although they are a lot safer than the "bad neighbourhoods" in Western European or North American cities.
The biggest trap to tourists in Tallinn is getting ripped off by taxi drivers or in "gentlemen's clubs". Many of the latter are known for their exorbitant prices and hidden "fees". Credit card skimming and other similar scams are common practice in those establishments. Stay away, unless you particularly enjoy losing your month's pay in a few hours.
People who arrive to Tallinn by camper van or just by car should be careful and not leave valuables in their vehicles. Unfortunately it's not rare that cars with foreign plates are looted. Those crimes are committed mainly in the area of Tallinn's passenger port and nearby streets where many camper vans stop. There are safer official car parks, but they are often harder to find, their location might not be very good, and you have to pay quite a lot of money.
Winters in Tallinn, indeed all of Estonia, are milder than in Scandinavia and Russia, but slippery roads are common.
During the Soviet period the city's name was rendered in English as Tallin, a transliteration from the city's name in Russian: Таллин. That spelling should be avoided today.
Wi-Fi are available in many public areas as well as restaurants, hotels and bars, many of them can be used free of charge. The site wifi.ee maintains a list of wireless networks.
If you want to send a post card, almost every place selling something also has post cards. However they seldom have stamps. Check the web page of the Estonian Post for post office locations, this is where you can purchase stamps.
Pikk Hermann (Tall Hermann) tower and the Estonian Parliament building (Riigikogu)
East-Tallinn Central Hospital, Ravi 18, ☏ +372 622 7070, toll-free: 1900. Full-fledged clinic with all areas covered (ICU, midwife, surgery etc.) and recommended by most embassies.
Many details can also be found here:
Canada, Toom-Kooli 13, 2nd floor, ☏ +372 627 3311, fax: +372 627 3312, tallinn@canada.ee.
China, Narva Mnt.98, ☏ +372 6 015 830, fax: +372 6 015 833, chinaemb@online.ee. M-F 09:00-12:00, 14:00-18:00. (updated Feb 2024)
Finland, Kohtu 4, ☏ +372-6103 200, fax: +372 610 3281, sanomat.tal@formin.fi.
formerly dead link Georgia, Viru väljak 2, 10111 Tallinn, ☏ +372 698 8590, tallinn.emb@mfa.gov.ge. (updated Feb 2020)
Germany, Toom-Kuninga 11, ☏ +372 627 5300, +372 627 5304 (emergencies), info@tallinn.diplo.de.
Greece, Pärnu Mnt 12, 1st Floor 101 48 Tallinn, ☏ +372 640 3560, +372 5349 6007 (emergencies), fax: +372 640 3561, gremb.tal@mfa.gr.
Macedonia, Suurtüki 4A-12, 10133 Tallinn, ☏ +372 644 0479. (updated Feb 2020)
Netherlands, Rahukohtu 4-I, ☏ +372 680 5500, tal-ca@minbuza.nl.
Romania, Ravala pst.5, et.5, ☏ +372 715 1610, fax: +372 715 1613, tallinn@mae.ro. M-F 8:30-16:30. (updated Dec 2021)
Sweden, Pikk 28, ☏ +372 640 5600, swedemb@neti.ee.
United Kingdom, Wismari 6, ☏ +372 667 4700, fax: +372 667 4725, TallinnConsular.Enquiries@fco.gov.uk. By appointment: M-Th: 10:00-Midday, 13:30-15:00.
United States, Kentmanni 20, ☏ +372 668 8100, fax: +372 668 8265, USASaatkond@state.gov.
Maardu – A neighboring town 15 km east.
Jägala Falls – 20 km east, is Estonia's largest waterfall.
Lahemaa National Park – About 50 km east, a place to find some nice forests, coast, swamps, beautiful bogs, and 4 interesting manors. Good for a day trip or even hikes with overnighting at the park.
Soomaa National Park – About 60 km south and second largest national park in Estonia, known for its swamps and bogs (Soomaa means "land of bogs" in Estonian), and its "fifth season". Surprisingly, swimming is popular there and is said to rejuvenate the skin.
Kaberneeme – A village about 40 km east on the coast. The village has a 2 km long beach area with pine tree forests edging right up to the shore.
Viljandi – A beautiful, ancient and hilly city, known for its annual Viljandi Folk Music Festival, beautiful old town and overwhelming and picturesque park around the old castle.
Tartu – 2 hr by car, 2 hr 30 min by bus, south east. Museum-rich and hanseatic city on the banks of the Emajõgi River. Also, Estonia's second-largest and oldest city, intellectual hub famous for its universities, and a lively student city.
Paldiski – 40 km west, this former Soviet closed city is a great place to see remains of Soviet military and industrial infrastructure.
Hop on the ferry and you are in Helsinki, Finland in 2 hours. Remember to bring your passport (for citizens of the European Union a national ID card will suffice).
This city travel guide to Tallinn has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!