Tampere (Swedish: Tammerfors) is the third largest city in Finland with around 236,000 inhabitants, and around 376,000 in the metropolitan area (as of 2019; second largest). Located 170 km north of the Finnish coastal capital Helsinki, it is also the most populous inland town in the Nordic countries. The city lies on a narrow isthmus between Lake Näsijärvi, which reaches far to the north, and Lake Pyhäjärvi in the south. In addition, there are some 200 lakes and ponds in Tampere, and around 450 in the region. Despite being predominantly a former heavy industry centre, today Tampere is a major hub for information technology, research, education, culture, sports and business.
View to Näsinneula tower in Tampere
The Tammerkoski rapids, which now run in a canal through Tampere centre, connect the two major lakes with an elevation drop of 18 metres. As early as the 7th century people started to gather at the banks of the lakes, and in the 18th century the utilization of the rapids as a source of hydropower resulted in a population boom. Tampere was officially founded on the banks of Tammerkoski in 1775 by Gustav III of Sweden, and four years later, 1 October 1779, Tampere was granted full city rights. The newly founded city was soon after established as a proving ground of revolutionary economical theories by declaring a freedom of trade to the city dwellers. The status of free town enabled import and export of foreign goods without customs. In addition, it was ordered that the citizens were allowed to freely practice any Christian faith. Due to the uncommon liberties, Tampere grew as a major market town and industrial centre in the 19th century. During the latter half of 19th century almost half of Finland's industrial labour force was in Tampere. The town's industrial inclination in the 19th and 20th centuries gave it the nickname that sticks to this day: "Manchester of the North", Manse for short (in Finnish).
Interior of the Plevna building of Finlayson & Co in 1877
Tampere has been an industrial pioneer in Finland since the very beginning. Finland’s first paper mill started operation in 1783, and the first paper machine was engaged at the J.C. Frenckell & Son’s factory in 1842. The cotton factory established in 1820 by James Finlayson grew to become the country’s first large-scale industrial establishment. The first electric light in the Nordic countries was also lit in Finlayson’s modern production facilities in 1882. Finlayson grew aggressively and eventually became the largest industrial complex in the Nordic countries. The city’s engineering industry was bolstered by the manufacturer of grinding machines and water turbines Tampella, which was established on the upper reaches of the Tammerkoski rapids in 1861.
By the time of the Finnish declaration of independence in 1917, Tampere had already grown into a major industrial hub that was predominantly inhabited by factory workers. Because of the unusually large working class, Tampere was also the worker's union stronghold. The workers' living conditions were terrible, which was increasingly generating social tension in the society. The First World War was initially profitable for industrial Tampere, but after the October Revolution in Russia, the vital eastern trade was severed. Now the Finnish society was deeply divided, and the socialists seized control of Tampere 1918. During the Finnish Civil War in 1918 Tampere became the Red (Social Democratic Party of Finland) stronghold. However, in April 1918 the eventually victorious White forces led by C.G.E. Mannerheim captured the town after the Battle of Tampere. It was the largest battle in the civil war. Whites seized 11,000 prisoners, summarily executing actual and suspected leaders and locking the remaining prisoners into camps. The decisive victory quickly led to the end of one of the bloodiest civil wars the world had yet seen.
After the war, both the city and the national consensus were rebuilt, and Tampere grew rapidly. In 1927 the first of the factories stopped industrial operations, and city offices later moved into the empty buildings. Even though the structural changes were already on their way, by the time of the Second World War, Tampere was centre of the Finnish war industry. In addition to uniforms made in textile mills, Tampella factories were manufacturing mortars and artillery. Tampere was bombarded by the Soviet air force in 1939–40, but the damages were not extensive. After 1960 most factories started to grind to a halt, but the buildings were kept. Nowadays the cityscape of Tampere is characterized by charming old red-brick industrial buildings, most of them reinstated as offices, restaurants, and places of culture. Modern Tampere has come a long way from its heavy industry roots, and transformed into a hi-tech research and development powerhouse.
In 2010, the City of Tampere came in first in an image survey comparing the largest cities in Finland. Leaving Helsinki behind, it was also found the most attractive city among Finns who plan on moving. In August 2021 the Tampere light rail system opened; as of 2022, it is the only one in Finland outside the capital area.
Visit Tampere Tourist Information, Hämeenkatu 14B (the office is on the ground floor of Tampere Theatre), ☏ +358 3 5656-6800, visittampere@visittampere.fi. Opening hours vary according to season. The office hands out travel tips, brochures, and free maps of the city.
Tampere-Pirkkala Airport (TMP IATA) (17 km southwest of city). Finnair has daily flight from Helsinki (35 min). SAS has direct flights from Arlanda Airport most days (one hour). Air Baltic flies from Copenhagen, Frankfurt, Munich, Oslo and Riga. Ryanair flies once a week from London-Stansted. (updated Mar 2022)
Line 1A connects Tampere city centre with the airport (€3), about 30 min via the railway station, Hämeenkatu (east), Koskipuisto and the bus station.
An express "Tokee" bus runs from the railway station timed to connect with the Ryanair flights, €6 cash only.
There's no longer a direct bus between the airport and Helsinki, take the 1A to the bus station for inter-city coaches.
The regular taxis cost €25–40 and take 20 min. A shared airport taxi costs €17 each way.
Helsinki-Vantaa airport HEL IATA has a far greater range of flights. To reach Tampere, don't head into the capital, but take the P-train, bus or taxi to Tikkurila / Dickursby. Buy the train ticket at the airport from the ticket machines or staffed kiosk. Tikkurila to Tampere by train takes between 75 and 110 minutes.
There is an almost hourly ExpressBus coach connection from Helsinki-Vantaa airport to Tampere bus station operated by Paunu, departing from platform 13. The service operates round the clock, although there may be a gap of 1 to 2 hours between services in the small hours of the night. The trip takes 2–2½ hr depending on whether the service calls in towns on the way. In most cases, there is a change of coaches at Keimolanportti service station, but it is well-coordinated and effortless. Tickets cost € (round trip €) for adults, € for Finnish students (ISIC not accepted) and children of age 4-16. Children under the age of four travel free.
It is also possible to come using Onnibus, in this case take the I-train from the airport to Keimola and walk to Keimolanportti bus stop to continue to Tampere.
The national railway company, VR, offers extensive train services from different parts of Finland to Tampere with connections south to Helsinki, south-west to Turku, west to Pori, and north to Oulu, Jyväskylä and Lapland. The trip from Helsinki using the fastest Pendolino or InterCity connection takes 1 hour 35 minutes and costs between € and €, whereas a "local" train will take 2 hour 12 minutes and costs €. On weekdays, there are hourly connections from Helsinki except for a few hours during the night. On weekends, there may be a gap of up to 2 hours between trains.
Tampere railway station is at the east end of main street Hämeenkatu. The station has a staffed ticket office plus machines and several cafes; many more in the nearby streets. Most hotels are a short walk from the station.
For coach timetables, see Matkahuolto. There are connections from all directions. Paunu and Onnibus have direct or arranged transfer services from Helsinki and Turku ferry terminals and from Helsinki-Vantaa airport.
Direct bus services from Saint Petersburg are provided by Ensi-Bus and Transgold.
Tampere can be easily reached by car. The drive from Helsinki takes about 2 hours and the E12 is a four-lane motorway throughout the journey (speed limit 120 km/h with small portions 100 km/h in the summer, or 100 km/h throughout in the winter). The motorway is in excellent condition, but is mainly not well lit. Care must be exercised when driving in the dark, particularly in winter as driving conditions can be harsh due to snow and slippery roads.
There are also road connections to Tampere from Turku, Pori, Rauma, Seinäjoki/Vaasa, Jyväskylä and Lahti. These are mostly two-lane regular roads with speed limits between 80 km/h and 100 km/h.
You can rent a car from car-rental services found at Tampere-Pirkkala airport.
The centre of Tampere has a couple of prominent features which make it easy to navigate:
The main street of Tampere, Hämeenkatu, effectively divides the city centre into a north and a south side. The 1-km stretch is limited in the east by the main railway station, where many visitors arrive, and in the west by Hämeenpuisto Park with the City Library and the Church of Alexander. The street continues to the east as Itsenäisyydenkatu and to the west as Pirkankatu.
Tammerkoski rapids crossing Hämeenkatu just by the central square, split the centre into an east and a west side. The rapids run from Lake Näsijärvi north of Tampere to Lake Pyhäjärvi in the south. The height difference between the two lakes is 18 meters, but the formerly thundering heart of Tampere now flows through the city centre rather peacefully, because of the several hydroelectric dams harnessing its power.
The central square, Keskustori, is next to the bridge where Hämeenkatu crosses Tammerkoski rapids. It is the geographical and social focal point of the city.
The centre is understood to be limited by Lake Näsijärvi in the north, Lake Pyhäjärvi in the south, the main railway station in the east, and the Hämeenpuisto park in the west.
A great majority of the hotels, shops and attractions are either in the centre or within walking distance from it.
You can get a great overview of the city beforehand from the aerial photos shot in 2011 at Virtual Tampere.
A long flight of stairs in the Pispala district
There are only a few neighbourhoods in Tampere that can be considered interesting to most visitors, namely the centre, Pyynikki and Pispala. While the centre is certainly where tourists often hang out in Tampere, it is worth the effort to spend a few hours hiking around the ridge in the Pyynikki and Pispala districts, which lie just 2–3 km west of the centre. Hervanta and Nekala districts are more off the beaten path.
The centre is the oldest part of Tampere, and where nearly all the sights and shops are. The busy main street, Hämeenkatu, runs through the charming main square Keskustori and is lined with shops, restaurants and bars. Many of these are set in the foundations of beautiful historic buildings dating back to late 19th century. Tammerkoski rapids flowing through the centre and between historic red-brick factory buildings only add to the charm and also give Tampere its distinctive look. The canal walls and surrounding buildings are tastefully lit when it's dark. Visitors in a hurry will do well even if they do not have time to wander far from the centre.
Pyynikki is an upscale residential area adjacent to the centre, and one of Tampere's most remarkable natural areas of beauty. It is an 85-m-high narrow isthmus between the two lakes defining the city, Lake Näsijärvi and Lake Pyhäjärvi. As such, Pyynikki ridge is regarded as the highest gravel ridge in the world. On top of the ridge there is a 1920s observation tower. Pyynikki is used by residents as an exercising area in all seasons, it is the city's most important recreation area. Some of the trails are lit and they function as skiing tracks in the winter. There are two pedestrian and bicycle paths on the ridge, cycling is prohibited elsewhere on it. The ridge and its nature trail are also of great educational importance.
Pispala lies next to Pyynikki and is built both sides of the ridge between Lake Näsijärvi and Lake Pyhäjärvi. This formerly working-class neighbourhood has gentrified radically, and is now one of the most exclusive neighbourhoods in Tampere. Strangely enough, there is also a vibrant artivist atmosphere and Pispala has much in kin with other bohemian arts areas such as Užupis, Montmartre, Greenwich Village or Freetown Christiania. Together with Pyynikki, Pispala is widely considered the most beautiful district of Tampere and locals often guide tourists here for the view and the unique urban design features of the area. There is a famous landmark in the area called the Shot tower. Pispala houses the oldest still active public sauna in Finland, Rajaportin sauna, which began its operation in 1906.
Hervanta is one of the biggest and best known suburbs of Tampere, about 10 km south of the city centre. It is home for Tampere University of Technology, Hermia Technology Center, many high tech companies and a large number of students. Hervanta has a gritty reputation based on the large amount of 1970s concrete residential tower blocks and the social problems it suffered especially during the 1980s, but nowadays it has been moderately gentrified. Hervanta's modern red-brick centre is an architecturally interesting work by the architect couple Pietilä. If you find yourself in Hervanta when the University is in session, do check out the campus and you have a good chance of running into something wacky.
Nekala is famous for its old wooden houses, non-conformist cultural landscape and sadly, quite high rates of violent crime by Finnish standards. Take a peek at the rough but still charming side of the city. It is generally agreed that people of Nekala hold a character unlike anywhere else, even if the problems associated with low-income and crime contribute to the atmosphere in a relatively small part. Safety for the visiting tourist is rarely a concern.
Since nearly all the shops, restaurants and attractions are in the compact centre, walking is the preferred way to get around Tampere. From the main railway station, the central square is just a couple of hundred metres straight down the main street. While there are not many pedestrian-only streets, Tampere is still considered a very walkable city. However, there are few cycling lanes in the centre, and therefore bicycles are not encouraged. In the Pispala and Pyynikki districts cycling can be difficult, not only due to the lack of bike lanes but also because of the elevation differences and abundant flights of stairs in many alleyways.
The Nysse city bike network includes a total of about 700 bikes and 95 stations in the city centre, Härmälä, Kauppi, Hakametsä and Hervanta. The bikes are used by an app. Prices are €4/day, €7/month and €25/season (15 April–31 October), including all trips of at most 45 minutes. After the trip, return the bike to any city bike station. For longer trips (max 5 hr) your card is charged according to a separate price list. If you return the bike to the station and acknowledge the trip as completed, the time counter resets; you can start a "new" journey directly with the same or a different bike.
See also: Finland#By motorised scooter
Swedish Voi, German Tier and Norwegian Ryde have electric kick scooters for rent to use in the centre.
There is no need for a car if you are visiting Tampere only. Driving in the city is safe and straightforward, but there are many one-way streets in the centre, and after the inauguration of the tram system, driving on the main street Hämeenkatu is allowed only for going to and from buildings along that street (not for transit). Roads in Tampere are in excellent condition.
Parking: street parking is limited, but there is ample parking in indoor car parks in the centre:
Anttila, Näsilinnankatu 13. 24 hr. 575 parking spaces. €1 per 30 min.
Railway station, Rautatienkatu 27. 24 hr. 461 parking spaces. €1 per 30 min.
Plevna, Polttimokatu 5. 24 hr. 612 parking spaces. €1 per 30 min.
Koskikeskus, Suvantokatu 3. 24 hr. 426 parking spaces. €1 per 30 min.
Frenckell, Aleksis Kiven katu 14. 24 hr. 370 parking spaces. €1 per 30 min.
Hämeenpuisto, Tiiliruukinkatu 3. 24 hr. 409 parking spaces. €1 per 30 min.
The roads will be icy in the winter and very slippery even in cold spring and autumn nights. Always drive extremely carefully if you do not have experience in driving in such conditions. If you choose to drive outside Tampere, heed moose warning signs, especially at dawn and dusk.
Many major car rental companies have offices in Tampere, both at the airport and clustered around the railway station. Autorentti is a local car hire business.
24Go and Aimo Park (see Driving in Finland#Costs) offer short-time car hire services. Cars can be picked up and dropped off in select public car parks.
A canonical Finnish gag: people in Tampere must think buses are called nysse, because they say Nysse tulee! — local dialect for Nyt se tulee!, "now it's coming!" — when they see a bus coming. The joke has been adopted by the Tampere Regional Transport Authority, now proudly branded Nysse.
Bus terminals at the Central Square
Information about local buses can be found here. City of Tampere operates a handy trip planner servicedead link. You can also use the Nysse mobile app for journey planning. Matkahuolto Routes and Tickets app is able to first plan the route and after it sell the right ticket for it.
An extensive city bus network connects the suburbs to the centre. Due to the unique geography of Tampere centre, most of the bus lines run in the east-west direction and pass through the main street Hämeenkatu. All buses except a few circle lines stop at the central square, Keskustori, or nearby Koskipuisto.
The regional public transit system operates on a system of Zones. Zone 1 covers all of Tampere and Pirkkala, as well as some adjacent parts of other surrounding municipalities. A single ticket for adults (12 years and above) costs €3 for Zone 1 allowing for unlimited transfers on buses operated by any company within the Zone for the next 60 minutes. A children's ticket costs €, but every paying adult can be accompanied for free by one child under the age of 7. Adults with a baby in a pushchair can travel for free. Between 00:00 and 04:40, night buses charge €3 extra (except if you have a valid Tourist Ticket). Tickets can be purchased in cash from the driver on board.
You can also use NFC payment with Visa, Mastercard or Eurocard (Diners Club and American Express do not work) or a mobile device with Apple Pay, Pivo or Google Pay: the payment card or mobile device is displayed to the reader device, which then says "Lähimaksu hyväksytty" ("Proximity payment accepted"). The system calculates the fare combining all trips paid with the card/device: a new single ticket fee (€) will not be charged until the 90 minutes changeover period has ended.
Longer-term guests may consider buying a Tampere Travel Carddead link for cheaper trips and more convenience. Purchase the smartcard at the railway or bus station, Central Square Kiosk or city transportation office at Frenckellinaukio 2 B, on the north-eastern side of the Central Square.
City buses offer a cheap and convenient way to get to know off-the-beaten path-locations. Nearly all the bus lines stop at the central square, Keskustori.
Some interesting or useful lines include:
1 Vatiala–Koskipuisto–Pirkkala (Airport) The line to use to and from the airport. Departs from the airport every 30 mins during the week, once an hour on weekends. Much cheaper than taking a cab (which can easily exceed €30). The bus stops at, e.g., the Railway Station and Bus Station in the centre of Tampere before continuing on towards Kangasala.
2 Pyynikintori square–Tammela–Rauhaniemi A midtown line which takes you to Tammelantori market place, Lapinniemi spa (and Naistenlahti marina) as well as to Rauhaniemi beach and public sauna. Departures every 15–20 min.
5 Keskustori–Vuores–TAYS Get off the bus at Västinginmäki and you can enjoy nature paths around lake Särkijärvi or at Särkinen to reach lake Hervantajärvi recreational area.
15B Höytämö–Pitkäniemi You can go and enjoy nature in Pitkäniemi hospital area.
25 Linnainmaa–Keskustori–Tahmela Useful for getting to enjoy beautiful hilly lakeside nature of Pyynikki and Tahmela.
26 Tesoma–Petsamo Eastbound, takes you to the idyllic Petsamo garden suburb, with deep woods and allotments nearby.
27 Pispalanharju–Ratina–Järvensivu A relatively short (ca 20 min) line from the must-see Pispalanharju ridge and Pispala workers' district through nearly-untouched Pyynikki ridge with the observation tower. It then descends through the upper-class Pyynikki with luxurious villas and palaces (and an art museum: Villa Mac) and arrives at Ratina shopping centre. Eastbound from Ratina, it continues to Järvensivu, a "light edition" of Pispala. Departures every 60 min.
38 Lentävänniemi–TAYS–Hervanta The only local bus route going through the longest road tunnel in Finland.
40 Tampere–Kangasala An affordable way to enjoy beautiful lakeside nature of Kangasala.
44 Kangasala–Valkeakoski A route through idyllic countryside.
55 Keskustori–Lempäälä–Vesilahti–Narva Using this bus route you can visit Ideapark shopping centre in Lempäälä. ABC bus ticket needed. Departures every hour on weekdays and Saturdays. You can also use bus route 60 Tampere bus station–Valkeakoski.
65 Hervanta–Pirkkala–Nokia A good sightseeing route to Tampere, Pirkkala and Nokia suburbs, a one-way ride takes about an hour.
85 Keskustori–Kuru A long route which goes to village of Kuru which is near to national parks of Seitseminen and Helvetinjärvi.
90 Pyynikintori square–various termini in the Aitolahti/Teisko area The bus routes to various parts of the vast rural areas incorporated in the city of Tampere. The ultimate experience available with your Tourist Card. The common route for all the variations is the same as for the city line 28, from Pyynikintori square to Sorila. From there the line splits to the west (Aitoniemi), north (Kämmenniemi–Terälahti–Kaanaa) and east (Viitapohja). Recommended for adventurous backpackers. If you want to see some oldest fossiles on Earth, the 2-billion-year-old "carbon bags" (hiilipussit), take the Aitoniemi-bound bus. If you want to experience the hillbilly scene of Tampere, take the northbound bus and leave at Kämmenniemi (the first proper village after Sorila). There's the somewhat legendary Kessan baari, the local pub. If you proceed further north, there's Terälahti, the last village with any services. There's though only a small grocery store and a library with irregular opening times, so it's more for hikers than shoppers. The final terminus within city limits is in Kaanaa, and there's practically nothing there, except forests and farms. The Viitapohja-line takes you to deep woods. Departs about once an hour.
After a few years of construction work, tram services on the red trams started in August 2021. In the first phase the network is made up of two lines, line 1 and 3. Line 1 goes from the University Hospital (TAYS) to Tammela and the centre, following the main streets of Itsenäisyydenkatu and Hämeenkatu past the railway station, then before the rapids heading down to Sorinaukio and the bus station in Ratina district. Line 3 goes from the south-eastern suburb of Hervanta (notable for the Technical University campus), meeting up with the former in Tammela and along the main streets as far as Pyynikki (to Pyynikintori). This line will extend further west to Lielahti and Lentävänniemi, construction is in progress and services are scheduled to begin in 2024.
The trams are part of the public transportation system, and its ticketing system. In the trams, if you don't have a valid ticket, travel can be paid for by app, or by showing the card reader a travel card, a contactless debit or credit card or prepaid paper ticket with a QR-code (sold at the public transportation office at Frenckellinaukio 2B).
You're unlikely to use the train within Tampere, but you could ride between Tampere and Lempäälä (to the south) or Nokia (to the west) for about €5.
Taksi Tampere, ☏ +358 100-4131 (€ + € €/min + pvm/mpm), info@taksitampere.fi. Also bookable by app. Calling centre used by most taxis. Flag-fall M–F 07:00–18:00 €, other times €; €/km+€1/min for 1–4 passengers, €2+€1 for 5–8. (updated Dec 2021)
Fixutaxi, ☏ +358 100-6060 (€/call/min), info@fixutaxi.fi. Also bookable by app. Fixed price based on calculated route and time if destination address given when booking by app. M–Su 06:00–18:00 €/km/min for 1–4 passengers, €/km/min for 5–8, minimum fare €10; pre-booking €10 (May 2022).
iTaksi, ☏ +358 10-212-0000 (€ + €/min), info@itaksi.fi. Smart phone app offers address based routing and calculates price according to them. €/ + € + €/min for 1–4, €/ + €+ € for 5–8. (updated Jul 2020)
Yango. Yango is a Russian company which offers cheap fares. €+€/km+€/min; starting fare includes 5 min and 2 km. (updated Dec 2020)
Smartphone apps: Valopilkku, 02 Taksi, Uber, Bolt
Most of Tampere's museums concentrate on its industrial history. Kids will get a kick out of the Moomin Valley and the Spy Museum.
Amuri Museum of Workers' Housing (Amurin työläismuseokortteli), Satakunnankatu 49, ☏ +358 3 5656-6690. Tu–Su 10:00–18:00 (summer only). Amuri is a block of 19th-century wooden houses turned into an open-air museum that vividly displays how the working-class used to live between 1880s and 1970s. The houses form an almost closed inner court, and there is a nice old-fashioned cafe with seatings both indoors and in the courtyard. Highly recommended for history buffs, but interesting to others as well. Adults €6, children (7-16) €1.
Art and Craftcenter Verkaranta (Käsi- ja taideteollisuuskeskus Verkaranta), Verkatehtaankatu 2, ☏ +358 3 225-1409. M–F 10:00–18:00, Sa Su 11:00–16:00 (12:00–17:00 in summer). Monthly exhibitions on arts and crafts. €.
Finnish Labour Museum Werstas (Työväenmuseo Werstas), Väinö Linnan aukio 8. Tu–Su 11:00–18:00. The exhibitions at Werstas offer an overview of the history of the industrial era, worker population and civil society from different perspectives. At Werstas, you can visit the Textile Industry Museum, the Steam Engine Museum and the Labour Museum's changing and permanent exhibitions. The huge steam engine that used to give power to the entire factory complex is the definite high point of Werstas. Free.
Hiekka Art Museum (Hiekan taidemuseo), Pirkankatu 6, ☏ +358 3 212-3973. Tu 15:00–18:00, W 15:00–19:00, Th 15:00–18:00, Su 12:00–15:00. Home museum of art collector Kustaa Hiekka. Adults €7, students €4.
The Lenin Museum (Lenin-museo), Hämeenpuisto 28, ☏ +358 3 276-8100. M–F 09:00–18:00, Sa Su 11:00–16:00. Small and quirky museum revolving around one of the founding fathers of Soviet communism in a building owned by the Workers Association of Tampere that surprisingly also links to the October Revolution in Russia. Contains a lot of texts, maps and pictures as well as some "artefacts". The museum shop is also worth visiting. Adults €5, children (7–16) €3.
Milk Platform Museum (Maitolaiturimuseo), Velaatantie 551 (in Velaatta; about 50 kilometers north of the city centre), ☏ +358 50 561 7667, welaatta@gmail.com. Daily (from 18 June to 1 October). The smallest museum of Finland. (updated May 2024)
Moomin Museum (Muumimuseo), Yliopistonkatu 55 (In Tampere Hall), ☏ +358 3 243-4111. Tu–F 09:00–19:00, Sa Su 11:00–18:00. The only museum in the world devoted to the Tove Jansson characters, with original sketches and drawings. Adults €13, children (3–17) €6. (updated Sep 2021)
Police Museum (Poliisimuseo), Vaajakatu 2 (at Police University College; in Hervanta), ☏ +358 295 418 325, poliisimuseo@poliisi.fi. Tu–F 10:00–16:00, Sa 12:00–17:00. A museum presenting the history of the Finnish police, established in 2004. free. (updated May 2024)
Rupriikki, Väinö Linnan aukio 13 (Finlayson), ☏ +358 3 5656-6411. Tu–Su 10:00–18:00. Media museum focusing on the history and development of mass communications. There is also an exhibition on the history of the Internet, and a bunch of cool retro computer and video games in the GameCabinet. Adults €5, children (7–16) and students €1.
Sara Hildén Art Museum (Sara Hildénin taidemuseo), Särkänniemi. Tu–Su 11:00–18:00. Modern art, both Finnish and foreign.
Spy Museum (Vakoilumuseo), Satakunnankatu 18. Jun–Aug: M–Sa 10:00–16:00, 11:00–17:00; Sep–May: daily 11:00–17:00. Claims to be the first spy museum in the world, exhibiting everything from world-famous spies to their equipment such as spy cameras and secret weapons – many of which you can try. You can also attempt to fool the classic lie detector. €8 for adults, €6 for children and students.
Tampere Art Museum (Tampereen taidemuseo), Puutarhakatu 34. Tu–Su 10:00–18:00. Changing exhibitions of Finnish and foreign art. Adults €6, children €2. Price varies with exhibitions.
Tampere Mineral Museum (Tampereen kivimuseo), Hämeenpuisto 20, ☏ +358 3 5656-6046. Tu–F 09:00–17:00, Sa Su 10:00–18:00. Not quite as boring as you'd think, the museum has plenty of gemstones cut and raw, including a 600-kg chunk of Brazilian amethyst, meteorites and even a couple of dinosaur eggs. Adults €4, children (7–16) and students €1.
Vapriikki, Alaverstaanraitti 5. Tu–Su 10:00–18:00,. Museum centre with ten exhibitions varying from prehistory to technology and art. Exhibitions include the Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame, Doll Museum, Shoe Museum and Tampere Museum of Natural History. Adults €8, children (7–16) and students €, pensioners and unemployed €6. Some exhibitions may cost extra.
dead link Kaleva Church (Kalevan kirkko), Liisanpuisto 1. Solid concrete modernist church designed by famous architect Reima Pietilä in 1966. It is likely the most important piece of architecture in Tampere. Locals call it "The Silo of Souls" (Sielujen siilo) and from the outside it's not hard to see why, but the stark interior is quite awe-inspiring: very high and big room without pillars, minimalist interior made of bright wood. Some Sundays, community members guide onto the roof, which offers a good view over Tampere, and let one have a nice view from the top into the church room.
dead link Messukylä Old Church (Messukylän vanha kirkko), Kivikirkontie 2. The oldest building in Tampere, built in medieval times with parts dating back to the 1400s. Unheated and thus open only from May to August.
Tampere Cathedral (Tampereen tuomiokirkko), Tuomiokirkonkatu. Imposing church in the National Romantic style, designed by architect Lars Sonck and completed in 1907. The interior has a series of famously macabre frescos by Hugo Simberg, including The Wounded Angel (once voted Finland's "national painting") and the Garden of Death.
Church of Alexander (Aleksanterin kirkko), next to the library. This is a neo-gothic red brick building. Its interior is simple coloured wooden craftswork. It is surrounded by a small park containing a few old grave stones.
Old Church (Vanha Kirkko), on Keskustori next to theater and city hall. The oldest church in Tampere centre is this yellow wooded church build 1824. Four years later, a bell tower designed by Carl Ludwig Engel was added.
Tampere Orthodox Church (Tampereen ortodoksikirkko), Suvantokatu 10. Russian-style onion-domed church dating to 1896, serving Tampere's tiny Orthodox minority.
dead link Finlayson Church (Finlaysonin kirkko), Puuvillatehtaankatu 2. The church in the Finlayson area was built in 1879 for the factory workers. It is a small church in Gothic revival style with a red brick façade. This is the favourite wedding church in Tampere.
Aitolahti Old Church (Aitolahden vanha kirkko), Aitoniementie 268 (in Aitolahti). The stone church from 1928, designed by Birger Federley.
Check out the map of parks in Central Tampere (PDF).
Duck Park (Sorsapuisto), Yliopistonkatu. Large park around a pond by Tampere Hall, near the city centre. Good choice for a summer picnic. In the summer there are also different species of birds in cages by the pond.
Hatanpää Arboretum, Hatanpään puistokuja (about 2 km south via Hatanpään valtatie from the city centre, turn to right on Hatanpään puistokuja). Hatanpää Arboretum A mansion with an arboretum (a collection of trees and plants), a rose garden and a park by Lake Pyhäjärvi.
Koskipuisto Park. Park by the Tammerkoski rapids in the centre of the city. Popular place to have a picnic or a beer on a sunny summer day.
Näsi Park (Näsinpuisto). Nice park by Lake Näsijärvi, created in the early 20th century. Starts from the north end of Hämeenpuisto. On the highest point of the park lies a memorial for the victims of the shipwreck of S/S Kuru, which sunk off Tampere in 1929, killing 138 people. By the memorial you'll have a great view over the lake Näsijärvi and Särkänniemi Adventure Park.
Southern Park (Eteläpuisto), Eteläpuisto (At the southern end of Hämeenpuisto). A park with a fountain. From the park you can walk through the woods to Pyynikin uimaranta, the most popular beach in Tampere.
Viinikka Park (Viinikanpuisto), Viinikanpuisto (Bus 12 from Keskustori, get off at Viinikka Church and walk a hundred meters ahead). A peaceful park in a picturesque residential area. Lime trees are beautiful in autumn.
Koiramäki theme park and Näsinneula observation tower
Aunes Bridge (Aunessilta), Kämmenniemenkatu (in Kämmenniemi). The arch bridge from 1899. It crosses the longest inland fjord in the Nordics, also known as Aunessillansalmi. (updated Dec 2022)
Finlayson historic factory complex (north side of downtown, west side of Tammerkoski rapids). Collection of historic factory buildings gradually extended from a textile mill founded by a Scotsman named James Finlayson in 1820. The oldest building, six-storey high-rise TR1, dates back to 1837. The complex also includes the factory church, now the most popular wedding church in Tampere, stable yards with arts and crafts shops and pony rides, and the owner's mansion with park and a restaurant. The factory buildings have been transformed into shops, restaurants, museums, movie theatres, and office spaces. Well worth visiting for anyone.
Haihara Mansion (Haiharan kartano). A peaceful place to visit on a warm summer day. There is a cafe, art exhibitions and a garden. The mansion's history dates back to 16th century. The last stop of bus line 15 is near Haihara.
Kauppi Observatory (Kaupin tähtitorni), Kaupinpuistonkatu 28 (in Kauppi). The observatory owned by Tampereen Ursa ry, the association of astronomy enthusiasts. (updated Dec 2022)
Mannerheim Statue (Mannerheimin patsas) (in Leinola). The statue from 1956, sculptured by Evert Porila. It represents General Mannerheim (1867–1951) during the conquest of Tampere in 1918 during the Finnish Civil War.
Market Hall, Hämeenkatu 19. M–F 08:00–18:00, Sa 08:00–15:00. Built in 1901, the historic market hall is still a beautiful social focal point of the city. Lots of fresh goods, cafes, cheap local eateries and infinite people watching opportunities.
Shot tower (Haulitorni), Haulikatu 8 (on Näsijärvi (northern) side of the ridge). Old and well-preserved shot tower. Shot towers are nowadays quite rare throughout the world, especially ones that are in good shape. No admittance though. Amusement rides in Särkänniemi
Särkänniemi Adventure Park. Lakeside adventure park on the edge of downtown. Rides are open between May and September, and other attractions year round. The park includes a modern art museum ("Sara Hildén Art Museum"), a children's zoo with mainly domestic animals, a planetarium, an aquarium and the landmark 168-metre Näsinneula observation tower, topped by a revolving viewing deck and a fine dining restaurant serving high quality Finnish cuisine. On a clear day, the views of the surrounding forests, lakes, ridges and the city are awesome. Free entrance, single ride ticket €5-10, day pass €41. (updated Jun 2015)
Tampere City Library (Metso), Pirkankatu 2. M–F 09:30–20:00, Sa 09:30–15:00. In 1978 a competition was arranged for the design of a new main library. The jury unanimously chose the design by Raili and Reima Pietilä. The architects said they had been influenced by various elements, such as Celtic ornaments, sheep horns and glacial spin formations. The basic idea was a space coiling spirally like the shell of a snail. The form of a bird appeared in the design process. Increasingly, the building began to resemble a large game bird, the capercaillie, known in Finnish as metso – now the building's nickname. Seen from above, the building looks like a bird carrying a shield. Houses the Tampere Mineral Museum.
Tampere Hall, Yliopistonkatu 55. Meetings, concerts, functions, exhibitions. Houses the Moominvalley exhibition since 2015.
Tampella historic factory complex (north side of downtown, east side of Tammerkoski rapids). Founded in 1844, Tampella is the other major remaining historic factory complex in Tampere. Tampella factories started as iron works, but later were converted into a cotton mill and a textile factory, and finally into a machine shop and a groundwood plant. Operated until 1991, Tampella factories manufactured, among others, water turbines, ships, paper machines, steam engines, trains, artillery and airplane engines. Many of the beautiful original buildings remain and have been converted into theatres, museums and office spaces.
The Pyynikki observation tower, Näkötornintie 20. The Pyynikki observation tower is on top of the world's largest esker over 150 meters (500 feet) above sea level, offering a wonderful view spanning over two lakes and the entire city of Tampere. The beautiful Pyynikki esker surrounding the tower was selected as nationally valuable landscape attraction in 1993. The current over 80-year-old tower is 26 meters (85 feet) tall, and at top there are scenic levels indoors and out in the open air. The top can be accessed by both elevator and stairs, and the entrance fee is €1 for children from 4 to 15 years and €2 for anyone older. Even if the height of the tower wouldn't feel spectacular, considering its location at the top of the Pyynikki esker in the middle of Tampere it is obvious that the view from the top is clear and magnificent in every direction! Tampere Exhibition and Sports Centre
Tampere Exhibition and Sports Centre, Ilmailunkatu 20. The Tampere Exhibition and Sports Centre (TESC), known locally as "Pirkkahalli", hosts various exhibitions and sports events. Opening hours and entry price depend on the event. (updated Oct 2015)
Woodhenge, Suutalanraitti 1 (near the intersection of Highway 9 (E63) and Hervanta Highway). Have you heard about Tampere's own "Stonehenge", made by wood? Yes, that's really exist.
Holiday Club Tampere Spa in Lapinniemi
Rajaportti Sauna, a public sauna in Pispala
Arthouse Cinema Niagara, Kehräsaari. Artsy movies are shown in their original language.
Casino Tampere, Kansikatu 3 (located in conjunction with Nokia Arena), ☏ +358 200-55000. Daily 13:00–01:00; the Casino Taproom only M–Sa until 22:00; the Casino Emerald Lounge every day 16:00–01:00. At the modern, bright, and verdant casino, it includes a wide range of classic table games, as well as the newest slot machines from around the world. It also introduce an area of electronic table games, offering both automated and live roulette.
Charter cruises. Cruises to Hämeenlinna (a leisurely 8 hours), to Nokia (a neighbouring town, not the company) or just on the lake are popular in the summer. There are many regular boat routes on both lakes (Näsijärvi and Pyhäjärvi).
Cinema Plevna, Itäinenkatu 4. 1653 seats divided into ten halls. The largest room has 495 seats a 136 m2 screen. All halls have been made to meet the latest quality standards. Plevna shows mainstream movies in their original language with subtitles.
Downhill skiing, info@tampereenrinteet.fi. There are two small skiing hills in Tampere. One is in Hervanta (buses 13, 23 and 30 eastbound). The longest slope in Hervanta is 350 meters with altitude change of 59 meters. The other hill is in Mustavuori (buses 70 and 71 westbound), near Kalkku. The longest slope in Mustavuori is 350 meters with altitude change of 69 meters. Both hills offer courses and equipment rental.
Football: Ilves play soccer in Veikkausliiga, the top tier. Their temporary home ground is Tampere Stadion, but in 2024 they expect to return to Tammelan Stadion 1 km east of town centre, shared with third-tier clubs TPV and Tampere United. The playing season is April-Oct.
Fishing. You can fish at the Tammerkoski rapids that run right through the city centre. You must purchase a fishing permit from a nearby R-kioski (Hatanpään valtatie 2), tourist office (Verkatehtaankatu 2) or a vending machine at the wall of restaurant Rosso. You may catch at most three salmonoids a day, whitefish not included. €4 for 4 hours, € for full day.
Guided bus tour. A comfy way to get acquainted with the city's attractions and neighborhoods in less than two hours. Departs from the railway station at 11 during summer months. Tickets are sold in at the tourist office in the railway station. €17 adults, €4 children.
Hiking. In Finland, everyone has a right of public access to the wilderness provided that you don't cause damage. In Tampere, good hiking/jogging/cycling/skiing grounds with marked paths can be found in the Pyynikki and Kauppi forests. In Hervanta, there's a popular 4-km loop trail around lake Suolijärvi (take bus number 30 to get there).
dead link Holiday Club Tampere Spa (Tampereen kylpylä), Lapinniemenranta 12. 07:30–21:00. A spa hotel, about 1 km from the city centre, built into an old cotton mill situated next to a marina. The large spa department offers swimming pools, jacuzzis, a children's pool, saunas, a steam room, and spa treatments also for day visitors. Spa from €6 to €18, other services available also..
Ice hockey, Keltinkatu 2. Tampere has two ice hockey teams, Tappara and Ilves, which are among the most successful in Finland.
Ice swimming. During winter, you can combine sauna with ice swimming: drill a hole into the ice cover of a lake and hop in! The water under the ice stays at constant temperature of +4°C, and is very refreshing. You can try ice swimming at Kaupinojan sauna or Rauhaniemen kansankylpylä on Rauhaniementie near hotel Holiday Club Tampere.
Ice walking. A popular pastime during sunny midwinter day is to go for an ice walk. In March people walk the kilometre to the small island of Siilinkari on lake Näsijärvi and have a picnic. This is only safe when the lake is well-frozen. Only go if you see other people doing so; ice-fishers don't count, they go as soon as the ice settles.
Ikuri Arcade, Kalkun viertotie 2 A 19 (in Ikuri; towards Nokia from the city centre), ☏ +358 40 374 7093, ikuri.arcade@hotmail.com. Th 17:00–21:00. An arcade hall including pinball machines and video games. Entrance €8–10.
Iso-Vilunen Skate Park (Iso-Vilusen skeittipuisto), Vilusen puistokatu 24 (in Viiala). A high-quality skatepark with BMX and trial biking courses.
Kaanaa Center, Moottorikeskuksenhaara 105 (in Velaatta; at Teisko Airfield), ☏ +358 50 464 55 66, kaanaacenter@gmail.com. M–F 10:00–20:00, Sa 10:00–18:00, Su 12:00–18:00. Motor sports center and racing track. Free time: €15–110; Sprint: €55 per person; Grand Prix: €70–80 (varies based on the driving time and the number of people).
Kaukajärven sauna, Kangasalantie 80 (on the shores of Lake Kaukajärvi), ☏ +358 40 590 0539. A public sauna. Adults €10, children (under 14) €5.
Kauppi Sports Center, Kuntokatu 17 (in Kauppi), ☏ +358 50-390-5000, info@kauppisportscenter.fi. A sports centre that offers physical entertainment for both adults and children. Includes e.g. trampoline park, gym, bicycle rental and other group exercise.
Nokia Arena, Kansikatu 3, info@areenatampere.fi. A modern 15,000-seat multipurpose arena, serving as a stage for both local and international ice hockey and concerts. The arena also includes a first-class hotel.
Rajaportin sauna, Pispalan valtatie 9 (in historical Pispala, easily reached with buses 1, 13, 18, 19, 25 and 26), ☏ +358 45-136-5557. M W 18:00–22:00, F 15:00–21:00, Sa 14:00–22:00. The oldest still-functioning public sauna in Finland. In old days, people who didn't have a sauna of their own went to a public sauna to clean up. In addition to seeing a piece of history, you can experience one of the best quality saunas in the world: the stove is 3 m³ in size and contains over a ton of stones that are heated literally glowing red with burning logs. After simmering for a couple of hours, the sauna is ready for the customers, and it doesn't get any bigger or better than this! Adults €5 (F until 17:00 and M €3), children (7–16) €1.
Ravintolalaiva Tampere. Restaurant ship Tampere makes lunch and dinner cruises on lake Pyhäjärvi. Departs from Laukontori harbor. Lunch €19, dinner €26 including the cruise, food buffet and entertainment.
Tammer-Golf (along the Highway 12 in the district of Ruotula), ☏ +358 600-04099, toimisto@tammer-golf.fi. The high-quality golf course has a beautiful environment and lovely atmosphere. The season starts around April and ends in late October.
Tampere Philharmonic Orchestra. The best of the classics and new works. One of the largest symphonic orchestras in the Nordic countries plays in Tampere Hall.
Vihioja Discgolf Park (Vihiojan frisbeepuisto), Vihiojantie 11 (in Vihioja). The oldest discgolf course of the Pirkanmaa region since 1994.
Viikinsaari Island. On a sunny summer day, take a 20-minute boat trip here from Laukontori (few blocks south of the central square). There are beaches for swimming, playgrounds for kids, places for barbecuing (buy food beforehand, there is no store on the island) and a restaurant with a dance pavilion on the island. However, most of the island is a nature reserve, and there is a short nature trail around the island. Price for the boat: adults €10, seniors and students €8, children (4–17) €5, family €25.
Most festivals are held during summer, but events are always organized somewhere throughout the year. Some national holidays, such as May Day, are also celebrated like festivals, and others, such as Midsummer, may offer other special events.
Tampere Film Festival. March. Five days and nights of celebrating film art in Tampere! The thematic special programmes include interesting documentaries, animations, experimental films and short fictions alike.
Tampere Biennale. April. Tampere Biennale introduces the most important phenomena in Finnish contemporary music – today’s leading composers and the latest compositions.
Tampere Kuplii Comics Festival. May. Tampere Kuplii Comics Festival is a five-day comics festival merryment – bringing together comics makers and enthusiasts from around Finland. The festival hosts exhibitions, sales tables, talk shows, Cosplay-competition and comics signings.
Mukamas – International Puppet Theatre Festival, Pispalan valtatie 30. May. Mukamas Theatre has organised the international puppet theatre festival in 1999, and since 2000, every two years. It is the biggest international puppetry festival in Finland and it has established its position as an important developer of Finnish puppet theatre.
Walpurgis eve fills the streets with party people and sparkling wine. A large market is held in Keskustori with vendors selling cheap carnival paraphernalia.
May Day fills the green areas downtown with hungover picnicers. There are also parades in Hämeenkatu (communists, Christians, tech students carrying crazy thingemabobs). A fun Tampere tradition is that on May Day the freshmen of Tampere University of Technology are dipped with cranes in Tammerkoski rapids.
Tampere Guitar Festival. June. Enjoy spectacular concerts by the world’s greatest guitarists at Tampere Guitar Festival. During the annual festival week there are various concerts, international master classes, abd a guitar camp.
Pispala Schottische – International Folklore Festival. International folk dancing festival Pispala Schottische gathers together folk dancers and players from all over the world. International and domestic folklore-groups perform in various parts of the city.
Triennial of Pirkanmaa. The Triennal offers a view to contemporary arts in the Tampere region every three years. The cardinal exhibition venues are TR1, Mältinranta Art Center, the Finnish Labour Museum Werstas and Gallery Saskia but the exhibition also stretches to the Lenin museum, Hiekka Art Museum, Housing Fair of Vuores, Mediatunnel and various city landscape.
Midsummer is celebrated by fleeing the city to countryside or summer cottage. Bonfires are also traditionally burnt. If you come during Midsummer, you may mistake Tampere for a ghost town!
Tammerkosken Sillalla. A Tampere city festival for everyone. The Festival tent of Central Square and clubs all over the city central present more than 30 events, half of which are free if charge!
Tammerfest City Festival. July. The biggest city festival in Finland. 80 000 people gather annually to see bands and musical shows in more than 20 different stages in downtown area.
Tampere Flamenco Festival. Tampere Flamenco festival is the largest and oldest flamenco festival of the Nordic countries. Samba dancers at the Tampere Floral Festival.
Tampere Floral Festival. The Floral Festival decorates the downtown with a huge amount of flowers. There are also a lot of free events and performances. A "Tampere floral girl of the year" is chosen at the festival. The event culminates in a samba parade by the local samba school União da Roseira. Almost all of the festival events are entirely free of charge. There might be some minor charges to some events, such as to go on a Ferris wheel.
Valtteri-festivaali: June. Midsummer's festival in late June. (date needs updating)
Tampere Theatre Festival. August. Tampere Theatre Festival is one of the top festivals in Europe, thanks to the fresh and influential programme it offers. The repertoire consists of the Main Programme, Programme Tent, Club Festival Encorebaana, OFF Tampere, The Great Nocturnal Happening and numerous seminars and workshops.
Blockfest. August. Big urban music festival that brings a wide variety of rappers and hiphop artists.
dead link Circus Ruska Festival. August. Circus Ruska Festival is the oldest contemporary circus festival in Finland. Five circus tents will be anchored in Southern Park. The festival brings together new contemporary circus acts, where the circus techniques go hand in hand with new expression methods. (updated Jun 2015)
South Park. June. Heavy metal festival in Southern Park. Started in 2014 following the bankruptcy of Sauna Open Air festival. (updated Jun 2015)
The Great Nocturnal Happening ("Tapahtumien yö") is a night filled with arts and culture. Museum stay open until late.
World of Tango. September. International cross-cultural tango festival designed to recall the roots and starting points of tango art, as well as to create space for the new expressions of other types of urban folk music.
formerly dead link Monsters of Pop. September. Monsters of Pop is a three-day festival concentrating on indie-music.
Lost In Music. October. The aim of Lost In Music is to showcase a cornucopia of new and rising pop-, rock-, indie and metal bands, hiphop and world music – not forgetting the more experimental side.
Tampere Jazz Happening. November. Every year the international programme of Tampere Jazz Happening gathers together top names of international jazz and pioneers of the future.
Youth Theatre Festival MURROS. November. The goal of the festival is to offer a high-quality international theatre festival open to all. The performances at the event are mainly by young people aged 13–20.
Tampere Christmas Market open up in Keskustori in mid-December. It doesn't really live up to its central European counterparts, but is worth visiting nevertheless.
Fire crackers, rockets and the smell of gunpowder is in the air during New Year's eve. There's a large fireworks show in Ratina stadium downtown.
Festa de Novembro, Sammonkatu 2. 19:00-21:00. A samba show to celebrate November, held by the local samba school União da Roseira. The event also includes the selection of Roseira's new passista dancer for next year's carnivals, voted by the audience. Held on a Saturday in late November. €15. (updated Jan 2016)
Finnish is the language spoken in Tampere. English is also widely spoken in Tampere, particularly by the younger people. Swedish, while not as universally spoken as in Helsinki, Turku or Vaasa, is still spoken to a considerable degree. Other European languages (mainly German, French, Spanish and Russian) may also be understood by hotel staff and people in tourist profession, and also by many students at the academic level.
The local regional dialect can be recognized by the strong trilling "r"s, as in the greeting Moro!, and the use of mää and sää instead of mä and sä for me and you. There is a stereotypical belief that the word nääs ("you see") is widely used in the area, but it's quite rare in reality.
The Tampere University and Tampere University of Applied Sciences have some 25,000 and 10,000 students respectively.
City of Tampere runs the Adult Education Centre that offers rather cheap courses for everyone.
Although Tampere is lacking some of the international high end boutiques and brand stores, there are still lots of shopping opportunities from small specialised shops to malls. As Finland is generally quite an expensive country, one would do best to concentrate on finding high quality Finnish products, such as textiles, clothes, glassware, design and home decor. Notably, smaller boutiques are usually closed on Sundays.
Grocery stores in Tampere (and in Finland) are usually quite easy to find. There are grocery departments in the bottom floors of all three department stores in the centre (see below). In addition, look for e.g. K-market, S-market, Sale, and Lidl for small to mid-size grocery stores. Supermarkets (Prisma, Citymarket) are large stores outside the city centre, where you can buy a range of different products (e.g. food, clothes, electronics). Alcohol, however, can only be sold 09:00–21:00. Generally, wine or strong liquor are only sold in Alko stores, which are closed on Sundays. They are found next to larger grocery stores and by the three department stores.
Stockmann, Hämeenkatu 4. Upscale department store right next to the railway station. The top floor sells high quality Finnish glassware and home furniture.
Sokos, Hämeenkatu 21 (halfway up the main street). Large department store.
Koskikeskus, Hatanpään valtatie 1 (at the riverbank, at the foot of Hotel Ilves). Midsize mall.
Tullintori, Tullikatu 10 (behind railway station, next to Hotel Villa). Smallish mall. More interesting architecturally than shopping-wise: the mall and surrounding buildings are built in modernist style.
Ratina, Vuolteenkatu 1. M–Sa 07:00–21:00, Su 10:00–21:00. Many clothing stores, some restaurants, two big grocery stores (K-Supermarket, Lidl), a department store etc. (updated Aug 2018)
Turtola shopping centre (Turtolan kauppakeskus), Martinpojankatu 4 (in Turtola). 24/7. (updated May 2024)
Market Hall (Kauppahalli), Hämeenkatu 19. Fresh food and other shopping in a historical market hall built in 1901. It is said to be the second biggest market hall of its kind in the world.
Laukontori, South end of Aleksis Kiven katu. Marketplace at the shore of Lake Pyhäjärvi. In addition to few booths, many cruises depart from the tiny harbour right next to the market. Here you can get a taste of the Tampere speciality, mustamakkara black sausage, look for "Tapola" sign. From Laukontori you have also a good view of one of the last remnants of the city's heavy industrial past: a fully-functioning cardboard factory at the middle of the city.
Tammelantori, Tammelan puistokatu. Closes at 14:30. Busier marketplace surrounded by rather dull-looking 1960s and 70s apartment flats. There's also a booth that sells proper mustamakkara sausage.
Tallipiha Stable Yard, Kuninkaankatu 4. Unique arts and crafts products in quaint atmosphere next to Finlayson. Find traditional Finnish handicrafts, design, decorations and handmade chocolate to take home. There's also a café, and frequent events and exhibitions. Kids can take a pony ride around the stables, workshops and boutiques.
Kehräsaari, Kehräsaari. Small and genuine art and crafts shops, restaurants, an arthouse cinema, and a souvenir store in a historic factory buildings right next to the rapids.
Keittiöelämää, Aleksis Kiven katu 13. Small shop filled with culinary delights, both edible and inedible.
Marimekko, Hämeenkatu 19. Probably the best known Finnish fashion company. By September 2011 there were 84 stores around the world. They are particularly noted for brightly-coloured printed fabrics and simple styles, used both in women's garments and in home furnishings.
Finlayson factory store, Kuninkaankatu 3. M–F 10:00–17:30, Sa 10:00–15:00. While the historic Tampere factory is no more operational, you can still feel their rich heritage of manufacturing quality textiles since 1820 in a factory store on the premises. The place to buy textiles, towels, bed concepts, duvets, pillows and mattresses.
Aarikka, Aleksis Kiven katu 11. M–F 10:00–18:00, Sa 10:00–16:00. Finnish design, jewellery and home decorations.
Liutun Maalaistalo, Viitapohjantie 521 (Buses 92 and 92A), ☏ +358 7 173-233, henna.laurikainen@kolumbus.fi. Products of domestic craftsmen and small businesses. The old goods store sells vintage style interior items. (updated Jun 2022)
Akateeminen kirjakauppa, Hämeenkatu 6. Tampere's best selection of books in Finnish and English; especially well stocked with international newspapers, magazines, non-fiction and university course books.
IKEA Tampere, Leppästensuonkatu 4 (along the Highway 3 (E12); 8 km from Tampere centre). M–F 10:00–20:30, Sa 10:00–19:00, Su 11:00–19:00. Large furniture store. The best spot in Tampere for ready-to-assemble furnitures, kitchen appliances, decoration, home accessories, and various other goods and home services.
Verkkokauppa.com, Saapastie 2, Pirkkala (8 km from Tampere centre). Very large home-electronics store. The best spot in Tampere for electronics, computers, digital cameras, mobile phones, etc.
Kirpputori Silinteri, Lempääläntie 21 (at Prisma Koivistonkylä (1st floor)), ☏ +358 44 522 5033, tampere@silinteri.fi. A flea market.
Culinary nirvana Tampere style: blood sausage, lingonberry jam, milk and a donut
Tampere's most famous dish is black sausage (mustamakkara), made from pig blood, minced pork and rye. Despite the intimidating pitch-black appearance, the taste is rather mild and fans of English black pudding will feel right at home.
The cheapest and most authentic way to try this is to buy from one of the stalls at the Tammelantori or Laukontori markets, with a dab of lingonberry jam (puolukkahillo) and a pint of milk (maito) on the side, but old Tampere hands will insist that the one true condiment is a mix of lingonberry jam and mustard. Order by price, not weight: "two euros" (kaksi euroa) will get you a nice hefty chunk. You can also try a doughnut (donitsi) with a cup of coffee. Both markets close by 14:00 and are closed Sundays too.
Most restaurants have offers at €7–10 at lunch time, mostly at least weekdays 11:00–14:00. There are also lunch restaurants or cafés serving meals only at lunch time, including student cafés and lunch restaurants for big workplaces, often having a very affordable price also for outsiders. The department store Sokos has family friendly cafés that can come handy. When you are in the city and want to grab something to eat you can check the Tampere lunch options page and prices to decide where to go.
Yhteisökahvila OmaNaapuri, Tesomankatu 4 (inside Tesoma shopping center), ☏ +358 50 517 0185, yhteisokahvila@setlementtitampere.fi. M-F 11:00-14:45. Community cafe of Tesoma, serving soups and salads at lunchtime. €. (updated Jun 2022)
Silta-Lounasravintola Viinikka, Viinikankatu 53, ☏ +358 50 407 0730, jukka.laurila@siltavalmennus.fi. M-F 11:00-12:30. Only lunch. Lunch includes salad, bread, food, dessert and coffee or tea. €. (updated Jun 2022)
Peurankello, Peurankallionkatu 10 (Inside Peurankallio service center), ☏ +358 40 830 9330, peurankello@tamperemissio.fi. M-F 11:00-14:00, Sa 11:00-13:00, Su 11:00-14:00. Ordinary Finnish home cooked food for lunch. €-€. (updated May 2022)
Kansalaistalo Mansikkapaikka, Pikkusaarenkuja 2, ☏ +358 40 7566 542, info@mansikkapaikka.net. M-F 11:00-12:30. Affordable lunch including salad and dessert. €4. (updated May 2022)
Kauppahallin kotilounas, Hämeenkatu 19 (Inside Kauppahalli market hall), ☏ +358 40 727 6331, marko.viinamaki@kauppahallinkotilounas.fi. M-F 10:00-16:00, Sa 10:00. Simple home cooking for lunch only. Prices include salad buffet, bread, drinks, coffee and dessert. €-€.
Koukun Helmi, Romsinkuja 1, ☏ +358 40 801 2602, koukun.helmi@voimia.fi. M-Su 10:45-13:30. (updated Jun 2022)
Puhti, Elämänaukio 2 (H-building, floor 1), ☏ +358 44 431 4070, aila.seppala@tampere.fi. M-Su 10:45-14:00. Hospital staff restaurant, also open to outsiders. €, dessert €2. (updated Jun 2022)
Carotiini, Hatanpään puistokuja 11 (F-building, floor 0, entrance from building Y), ☏ +358 40 506 7186, asiakaspalvelut.hatanpaanravintokeskus@voimia.fi. M-F 10:45-13:30 Sa-Su 10:45-12:30. Hatanpää Hospital staff canteen. (updated Jun 2022)
Paulikki, Itsenäisyydenkatu 21 B, ☏ +358 40 760 9596, kahvila@mielen.fi. M-F 11:00-13:30. Light lunch. You can also read the daily newspaper in the café. €. (updated Jun 2022)
Ravintola Kierto, Kuoppamäentie 23, ☏ +358 40 532 0537. Tu-Th 12:00-14:00. Lunch includes salad, main course, bread, drink and coffee. Lunch also includes a vegetarian option. €3/€6, dessert €. (updated Oct 2022)
This page uses the following price ranges for a typical meal for one, including soft drink:
For inexpensive fast food, you can always visit McDonald's and Subway, or local fast food chains Hesburger (McDonald's with added mayo) and Kotipizza pizzeria (they're actually rather good, although dry – they win international pizza contests on regular basis); they have restaurants everywhere. Ethnic kebab-pizzerias can be found throughout the city, and they are usually even cheaper than the fast food restaurants. Some restaurants stay open as late as 05:00 in weekends.
Many of the more pricey restaurants also have lunch offers around €10 during weekdays, most notably the lunch at Ravintola C is a steal at €10–12. Lunch can also be bought in several places in Kauppahalli (the market hall) and in university restaurants on the campus (in the centre).
Duck's Burger, Lempääläntie 11. Su-Th 10:00–00:00, F Sa 10:00–02:00. There is more to this small roadside grill than meets the eye. Cheap but edible food (and beer) is served all day every day, but the grill's real charm lies in it's rugged atmosphere. The grill is visited by both locals and people driving the E12 highway so it's a great place to meet people from all walks of life.
Gopal, Ilmarinkatu 16, ☏ +358 3 253-1002. M-F 11:00–17:00, Sa 12:00–16:00. Excellent vegetarian lunch restaurant just outside the centre. While not an actual Indian restaurant, the food is seasoned in Indian style. €/100g.
H and H Deli, Rautatienkatu 27 (inside the train station), ☏ +358 3 225-5223. M–F 06:30–20:00, Sa 10:00–18:00. Fine dining restaurant "Hella ja Huone" hosts a tiny fast food place that serves coffee, salads and tasty subway sandwiches. Early hours and the location in the train station make it a great place to grab a breakfast sub to a train when heading out of town.
Köyhät Ritarit, Perkkoonkatu 9 (in Multisilta), ☏ +358 45 204 0804, koyhatritarit@koyhatritarit.com. M–F 09:00–15:00. A lunch restaurant.
Lukonmäen Grillikioski, Lukonmäenkatu 2 D (in Lukonmäki), ☏ +358 3 317 2110. M–Sa 16:00–23:00, Su 15:00–22:00. A grill kiosk. €5–10.
Pyörykkäbaari, Hämeenkatu 19 (Inside Kauppahalli market hall). M–F 08:00–18:00, Sa 08:00–16:00. A local favourite serving meatballs (hence the name "Meatball bar") and sausages by the pound! Be sure to have their famous creamy pepper sauce on the side. It's a treat.
Siipiweikot, Aleksanterinkatu 26, ☏ +358 3 212-9394. Mostly 14:00–22:00. This restaurant is concentrated mainly on hot chicken wings. Although the restaurant itself is in central Tampere, it delivers its famous hot sauces to other restaurants in Finland too. The dishes range from 6 wings all the way to 100 wings. There are seven different kinds of sauce available: mild, medium, hot, X-hot, XX-hot, kamikaze and Vampyree Wing (medium hotness, smoked garlic). The "hot" kind is usually enough to satisfy the need for hot sauce, the sauces above that are scorching hot and for die-hard enthusiasts only. Main courses starting from €6. (updated Nov 2015)
Tapolan mustamakkarabaari, Harjuntausta 8 (7km west of the centre; take bus 27 from Keskustori and tell the driver you're going to the Tapola factory), ☏ +358 3 151-7223. M–F 07:00–18:00, Sa 09:00–17:00. Get the freshest possible black sausage straight from the Tapola factory's oven at their "black sausage bar".
Pranzo, Insinöörinkatu 38 (opposite the shopping centre Duo, in the centre of Hervanta), ☏ +358 3 317-2877, info@varjoravintolat.fi. M–F 10:30–22:00, Sa 14:00–21:00. Italian restaurant. €8. (updated Jun 2022)
Mexican-style steak au poivre with habanero pepper
2h+k, Aleksanterinkatu 33, ☏ +358 3 213-1131, varaukset@2hk.fi. 12:00–23:00 mostly. The name means "two rooms and a kitchen", and the establishment indeed consists of two rooms, one of which functions as an Italian-style restaurant, the other as a pub. Restaurant main courses €15–27, pub fare €12–17.
4 vuodenaikaa (Les Quatre Saisons), Hämeenkatu 19 (in the market hall), ☏ +358 3 212-4712. M–F 11:00–16:00, Sa 11:00–15:00. Authentic French food. This delightful lunch bar-restaurant is one of the best kept culinary secrets in Tampere. Affordable and delicious, topped with a unique market hall atmosphere. Easily the best lunch offers in town. Lunch only €8–18.
Antika, Väinölänkatu 1 (in Tammela district close to the main railway station), ☏ +358 3 214-1282. Tu–F 11:00–14:00 and 16:00–23:00, Sa 12:00–23:00, Su 13:00–20:00. Greek neighbourhood restaurant. Very cosy atmosphere and friendly staff. Main courses €11–22.
Bodega Salud, Tuomiokirkonkatu 19, ☏ +358 3 233-4400, salud@salud.fi. M–F 11:00-, Sa 12:00-, Su 13:00-. Spanish restaurant catering to carnivores and vegetarians. Serves also more exotic courses such as Rocky Mountain oysters, horse, gnu, and kangaroo. Main courses €16–30.
Chitir Chicken, Sammonkatu 56, ☏ +358 40 143 2021, info@chitirchicken.fi. M–Th 11:00–21:00, F 11:00–22:00, Sa 12:00–22:00, Su 12:00–21:00. A chicken-food restaurant.
Classic American Diner, Taninkatu 2 (in Lielahti), ☏ +358 100 5505, diner.lielahti@ravintola.fi. M–W 11:00–21:00, Th–F 11:00–23:00, Sa 12:00–24:00, Su 12:00–22:00. American-themed burger joint. Serving sizes range from mid-size meals to towering behemoth burgers. Burgers €10–35.
Coussicca, Nyyrikintie 2 (in Tammela), ☏ +358 3 255-2100, coussicca@elisanet.fi. M–F 11:00–22:00, Sa Su 12:00–21:00. The oldest neighbourhood restaurant in Tampere. Known for its large breaded pork escalope, or Coussican vinkkari. Main courses €13–25.
Diagonal, Sammonkatu 48, ☏ +358 40 815 3156. M–F 10:30–21:00, Sa–Su 11:00–21:00. A restaurant specializing in pasta and steaks, also serving kebabs, pizza and burgers.
Finlaysonin Palatsi, Kuninkaankatu 1, ☏ +358 400-219-530, palatsi@finlaysoninpalatsi.com. Tu–F 11:00–24:00, Sa 12:00–24:00. Beautifully located restaurant at the mansion of Finlayson factory complex. Main courses €15–26.
Gastropub Nordic, Otavalankatu 3, ☏ +358 3 2121 766. M–F Su 15:00–02:00, Sa 12:00–02:00. Offers Nordic beers and a few Nordic style dishes. Friendly staff, may be a bit crowded on Friday and Saturday nights. Food €5–10.
Gastropub Tuulensuu, Hämeenpuisto 23, ☏ +358 3 214-1553. M–F Su 17:00–24:00, Sa 12:00–24:00. Moody gastropub serving super tasty Belgian food. Astounding selection of mostly Belgian beers, French ciders, wines and cigars. Friendly and competent staff. Food €5–17.
Heinätori, Pyynikintori 5 (near the Pyynikki Market Square), ☏ +358 3 212 1205. Tu–Sa 12:00–22:00, Su 12:00–17:00. A fine dining restaurant in its most basic form, with an excellent setting for a company lunch or private functions. Traditional Finnish pork sauce, the restaurant's specialty, is served on Wednesdays. Main courses €18–32.
Hook, Kehräsaari 101, ☏ +358 3 223-3284. M–Th 16:00–24:00, F 16:00–01:00, Sa 14:00–01:00, Su 14:00–22:00. Hot chicken wings and other deep-fried dishes. Local favourite, prepare for a queue. 12 chicken wings €.
Juvan Grilli, Juvankatu 15 (in Kaukajärvi), ☏ +358 40 447 7777, info@juvangrilli.fi. M–F 10:00–23:00, Weekend 11:00–22:00. A kebab pizzeria. €10–15.
Maisa, Polsontie 35 (in Teisko), ☏ +358 3 378 9700, myynti@restaurantmaisa.fi. Sa 12:00–18:00, Su 12:00–17:00. A bistro restaurant in the countryside.
dead link Maruseki, Hämeenkatu 31, ☏ +358 3 2120 728, info@maruseki.net. Tu-Th 11:00-21:00, F 11:00-22:00, Sa 11:00-21:00. Japanese restaurant and tea house founded and owned by Marjo Seki, who lived 20 years in Japan as a teacher and interpreter. Maruseki had the first tea house in Finland, and you can experience real Japanese dinner kneeling in front of a kotatsu-table wearing a kimono. Sushi and warm dishes from €6 to €20.
Nanda Devi, Näsilinnankatu 17, ☏ +358 3 213-0935. M–Th 11:00–22:00, F Sa 11:00–23:00, Su 12:00–22:00. An excellent Indian curry restaurant. A popular buffet lunch on weekdays. €12–19.
Pancho Villa, Hämeenkatu 7 (in the centre, two blocks from the railway station), ☏ +358 3 213 1233, hameenkatu7@panchovilla.fi. Mostly 11:00–22:00. Mexican restaurant. Tasty dishes and stylish Mexican decor, but a bit pricey. Main courses €11–25. (updated Nov 2015)
Patarouva, Pispalan valtatie 120 (in Epilä), ☏ +358 3 344 0283, patarouva@ravintola.fi. The restaurant with full of relaxed atmosphere, and on the pub side you can experience exciting sports moments and enjoy the day in the company of friends. Main courses €18–36. (updated Jul 2023)
Piha, Pyhäjärvenkatu 5B (entrance from Eteläpuisto side), ☏ +358 50 544 6645, +358 50 367 0005, info@ravintolapiha.fi. M–F 11:00–14:00. A restaurant with a bright and modern space. Especially specialized in organizing various corporate and private events, from meetings to evening parties.
Pizzeria Napoli, Aleksanterinkatu 31, ☏ +358 3 223-8887. M–Th 11:00–23:00, F 11:00–24:00, Sa 12:00–24:00, Su 13:00–23:00. The oldest and most loved pizzeria in Tampere. Pizzas vary from ordinary to exotic (for example, ostrich meat, or Finlandia vodka with fried game) Pizzas €10–13.
Pizzeria Nupelda, Nekalantie 48, ☏ +358 40 032 3736, info@nupelda.fi. M–Th 10:30–22:00, F 10:30–24:00, Sa 11:00–24:00, Su 11:00–22:00. Pizzas €13–16.
Plevna, Itäinenkatu 8, myynti@plevna.fi. M 11:00–23:00, Tu–Th 11:00–01:00, F Sa 11:00–02:00, Su 12:00–23:00. Brewery restaurant with more sausages and sauerkraut than you can shake a mug at. Not only do they brew their own beer, but they distil their own spirits as well. In an old factory building.
Rioni, Rautatienkatu 12 (near the Railway Station), ☏ +358 50 391 4499. M–Th 13:00–22:00, F–Sa 13:00–23:00, Su 13:00–21:00. A Georgian restaurant serving authentic food.
Sauna Restaurant Kuuma (Saunaravintola Kuuma), Laukontori 21 (at the Laukontori Sqaure), ☏ +358 50 517 0564, info@saunaravintolakuuma.fi. A New-Nordic-styled restaurant, including saunas. A mobster sandwich
NOT EXISTING LISTING IMAGE Speakeasy, Päämääränkuja 10, ☏ +358 3 260-4777, finlayson@speakeasy.fi. Mostly 10:00–23:00. A restaurant themed after the early 20th-century American prohibition era. The menu is very meat-oriented, but there are fish and vegetarian options available. The entire menu concentrates mostly on thick, greasy diner food. The restaurant is famous for its chicken wings, and the biggest option available consists of no less than 200 wings. There are four different choices of sauce – mild, medium, hot, or extra hot. Try the mobster sandwiches – there's a chicken, bacon and fish option available, each with vegetables and spices, served with French fries. This is usually the last restaurant open in the Finlayson factory building. Main courses €10–20 – not counting the chicken wings; 200 wings will cost over €100. (updated Jun 2015)
Thai Golden Chang, Hämeenkatu 29 (near Hämeenpuisto, not exactly central but within walking distance, just follow Hämeenkatu), ☏ +358 3 212-1778, ryanthai@msn.com. 11:00–21:00. The first Thai restaurant in Tampere. Stylish Thai decor, extremely friendly staff and good food. Main courses €12–20..
Viking Restaurant Harald, Hämeenkatu 23 (tampere@ravintolaharald.fi), ☏ +358 44-766-8203, harald.tampere@hallman.fi. M–Th 11:00–24:00, F 11:00–01:00, Sa 12:00–01:00, Su 13:00–21:00. Viking-themed restaurant completed with a dragon-ship salad bar, stuffed animals, costumed waiters and long wooden tables – not subtle but plenty of fun. Dishes all bear Norse-sounding names and feature big steaks and game choices. Signature dishes are shared platters served on a shield, or enormous vegetable or meat kebabs in a sword. Mains €15–27, menus €27–40.
Villisika, Verkatehtaankatu 3, ☏ +358 300-870-478. Mostly 11:00–22:00, Su closed. The name means "wild boar" and the restaurant is indeed very meat-oriented, although there are only a couple of actual wild boar dishes on the menu. Spacious and with a stylish medieval-style decor. Next to the night club Ilona, so to enter the restaurant, make sure to turn right at the entrance. Main courses €15–30. (updated Apr 2016)
Sitko Pizza & Bar, Näsilinnankatu 22 (A couple blocks west from the centre square), ☏ +358 40-550-6499, sitko@ravintolasitko.fi. Tu–Th 11:00–22:00, F 11:00–00:00, Sa 12:00–00:00, Sun 12:00–9:30. Real artisan pizza in the centre of Tampere. Known for the delicious sour dough base and quality ingredients. Also good selection of craft beers and wines. Pizzas €11–16. (updated May 2017)
dead link Roka Sushi & Robata, Aleksanterinkatu 29 (a couple of blocks east from the centre square), ☏ +358 50-352-5801, info@rokasushi.fi. Tu–F 14:00–22:00, Sa 12:00–22:00, Su 12:00–18:00. Authentic hand-made sushi and robata-grilled food. Very broad variety of products in a cosy ambience. Around €20. (updated May 2017)
Bertha, Rautatienkatu 14 (Near the central railway station). Tu-F 16:30-, Sa 13:00-. Started in fall 2010 but became very popular almost right away. Received the Chaîne des Rôtisseurs badge after only six months. Fixed-price menu updated frequently - during the first seven months of operation, the menu was updated a hundred times. Reservation is usually needed on Friday and Saturday. Excellent price/quality ratio.
Henriks, Satamakatu 7, ☏ +358 207669062, henriks@henriks.fi. Tu-F 17:00-23:00, Sa 13:00-23:00. A modern Finnish restaurant in a beautiful historic building. They also serve a vegetarian menu and a small supper at €18.
Hella ja Huone, Salhojankatu 48, ☏ +358 3 253 2440, hella@huone.info. Tu-Sa 18:00-. Fancy, experimenting and surprising French-Scandinavian fusion cuisine next to Duck Park. Menus (from one to eight courses) €26-€82.
Masuuni, Hatanpään valtatie 1 (Hotel Ilves), ☏ +358 3 5698 6121, sales.tampere@sokoshotels.fi. M-Th 18:00-23:00, F 18:00-24:00, Sa 17:00-24:00. Local ingredients turn into fancy but still comfortably laid-back dishes at the bottom level of Hotel Ilves. Main courses from €22 to €28, menus from €44 to €50.
Näsinneula, Särkänniemi, ☏ +358 20 7130 234. 11:00-23:30. Revolving restaurant atop the sightseeing tower. It's expensive, but they specialize in Finnish ingredients and the results are above average. Main courses from €20 to €30. (updated Jul 2021)
Ravintola C (Restaurant C), Rautatienkatu 20 (Near the central railway station). Tu-F 11:30-14:00, Tu-Sa 17:00-24:00. An excellent restaurant that values great ingredients, uses a lot of local, seasonal ingredients, and is well known for its wine list. Awarded with the Finnish Restaurant of the Year award in 2011.
Stefan's Steakhouse, Kehräsaari. M-Th 16:00-23:00, F 16:00-24:00, Sa 13:00-24:00, Su 14:00-22:00. A steak restaurant opened up by American-Finnish Stefan Richter, an American Top Chef finalist who owns a couple of restaurants in Santa Monica. Serves also Wagyu beef steaks.
Tiiliholvi, Kauppakatu 10, ☏ +358 3 2720 231, tiiliholvi@aleksinravintolat.fi. M-F 11:00-15:00 and 17:00-24:00, Sa 13:00-24:00. In the basement of a beautiful 19th-century building is this very attractive red-brick restaurant. Menu consists of classic French with a Scandinavian twist. Main courses from €20 to €26.
Amurin helmi, Satakunnankatu 49, ☏ +358 3 5656-6634. Every day from 10:00 to 17:00 (during summer from 10:00 to 18:00). Cosy atmosphere in a historic wooden building which is part of Amuri museum of workers' housing. They serve Tampere specialities and homemade bread to go with the brew.
Arnolds, Tullikatu 6 (Tullintori), ☏ +358 3 223-4850. M–F 09:00–20:00, Sa 10:00–17:00. Tasty doughnuts baked on location. Arnolds is a chain restaurant with locations in all Finnish cities, so it might not be an unforgettable experience, but the doughnuts are good.... Regular coffee €–, doughnuts €–.
Brander, Hallituskatu 13, ☏ +358 3 2125 357. M-F 09:00-18:00, Sa 09:00-16:00. Family-owned Tampere institution has 90 years of experience in the fine art of confectionery. The view to a parking lot is not something to remember, but instead you can rest your eyes on the decor from the good old times. Try some of the traditional Finnish sweet pastries or cakes.
Cafe Europa, Aleksanterinkatu 29. Quirky cafe bar with interesting decor including antique sofas and weird paintings all over the walls. Europa is hugely popular hangout among artsy students and foreigners both early and later in the evening.
Café Ståhlberg, Koipitaipaleenkatu 2 D (in Vuores), ☏ +358 44-979-3919, vuores@leipomostahlberg.fi. M–F 08:00–16:00. A café that offers savory and sweet treats with coffee, as well as a delicious lunch service. It is also possible to rent the café premises for private events.
Kahvila Runo, Ojakatu 3, ☏ +358 3 2133-931. M–Sa 09:00–20:00, Su 10:00–20:00. A cute, medium-sized café with a good selection of tea. The name translates into "Cafe Poem" and probably has something to do with the heaps of (mostly) poetry books laying around which form an essential part of the decoration. The café also features a small, changing art exhibition.
Kauppahallin kahvila, Hämeenkatu 19. M–F 08:00–18:00, Sa 08:00–16:00. A central location within Kauppahalli market hall provides ample opportunities for people watching in moody surroundings.
Luubaari, Hautausmaankatu. M–F 07:00–13:00. A café near the Kalevankangas Cemetery.
Pyynikki Observation Tower Cafe, Näkötornintie, ☏ +358 3 212-3247. Daily 09:00–20:00. Serves sugar-coated donuts praised best in town by locals. The observation tower is only 26 meters high, but since it is on top of Pyynikki ridge, it offers a surprisingly good view of Tampere and the surrounding lakes. It costs two euros to climb up the observation tower.
Board game café Taverna, Rautatienkatu 10, ☏ +358 45-696-8399, taverna@lautapelikahvila.fi. Tu–Th 15:00–23:00, Fr 15:00–01:00, Sa 12:00–01:00. Finland's first board game café. Coffee, delicacies and board games.
Teehuone Kanava, Horisontti 2 (on the shores of Lake Näsijärvi). M–F 11:00–20:00, Su 12:00–20:00. Teahouse.
Thé Hidden, Hatanpään valtatie 6 B, ☏ +358 41-481-7256. M–Sa 11:00–20:00, Su 12:00–20:00. Teahouse.
Caffè Vèneta, Ranta-Tampellan Katu 12, ☏ +358 50-360-2286. M–F 08:00–17:00. A café near the shores of Lake Näsijärvi.
Vohvelikahvila, Ojakatu 2, ☏ +358 3 214-4225. M–Sa 09:00–20:00, Su 10:00–20:00. Cosy cafe in the smallest stone building in Tampere. The name means "Waffle Cafe" and that's what you'll get, in both sweet and savoury versions.
Salhojankadun Pub, the oldest still operational pub in Tampere
Pub Pikilinna, an Irish-style public house in the Tammela district
There's no shortage of nightlife in Tampere, and better yet, it's all concentrated to a very manageable area downtown. Virtually all the noteworthy establishment are either on the main street Hämeenkatu or on the adjacent streets. Therefore, pub crawling is ridiculously easy and there is virtually no fear of getting lost even on the morning hours.
As anywhere in Finland, most pubs close at 02:00, but nightclubs stay open until 04:00, at least on weekends. People enter the clubs quite early by central European standards, and the queues are the longest around 23:00. Most clubs have an entrance fee of €3-10 plus an added mandatory service fee of €2-3. The legal drinking age in Finland is 18, but some places have even more strict limit at 20 or 22. Dresscode is rather informal even in the highest end clubs (one might even say that there are no high end clubs in Tampere), but locals still often dress to impress.
Bartenders in night clubs are usually not very knowledgeable and drinks are almost always poorly made, if available at all. On the other hand, there might be a rather good selection of shooters and beers in some bars. While the standard big brewery Finnish lagers are rather bland, new and exciting microbrews are popping up every year. Be sure to give them a try somewhere along the way. Nearly every decent pub has some of them nowadays, but you won't find them in clubs. Also, a kind of Finnish drink speciality are ciders and long drinks which are flavoured with (sometimes exotic) artificial essences. The ciders do not bear a strong resemblance to their Continental European counterparts.
Especially in Tampere, there are quite a few pubs - or gastropubs - with varying but decent and affordable dinner (and lunch) menus that are definitely worth a try for any visitor. The Belgian style menu in Gastropub Tuulensuu is a fine example and worth trying.
Beerhouse Opaali, Kansikatu 1 (near Nokia Arena), ☏ +358 44-901-7399, beerhouseopaali@h5ravintolat.fi. M–F 12:00–02:00, Sa Su 10:00–02:00.
Erotic Club Big Tits (Erotic Bar Big Tits), Satakunnankatu 30, ☏ +358 40 733 0877, info@ravintolabigtits.fi. M–Sa 12:00–02:00, Su 12:00–20:00. An erotic restaurant bar operating since 1998, whose repertoire includes striptease and private shows.
Gastropub Soho, Otavalankatu 10, ☏ +358 3 212 2336. English pub with good selection of bitters, gins and bar food. They also show sports events on screens.
Heidi's Bier Bar, Hämeenkatu 24, ☏ +358 44-715-3215, tampere@heidisbierbar.fi. M–Tu 13:00–05:00, W 16:00–05:00, Th 13:00–05:00, F 16:00–05:00, Sa 15:00-05:00. Pub full of fun and beer with the Oktoberfest and After Ski spirit.
Inez Tapas Bar Sidreria, Pellavatehtaankatu 19, ☏ +358 3 225-5331. Spanish tapas bar in Tampere. Also a noteworthy selection of Spanish beers and ciders.
Irjalan Kellari, Irjalanaukio 2 (in Irjala), ☏ +358 50 328 8066, sannatorhonen81@gmail.com. €15–20.
Kessan kahvila & baari, Kämmenniemenkatu 43 (in Kämmenniemi), ☏ +358 50-516-2229. A pub that also serves pizza, wings and other grilled delicacies to fill your stomach.
O'Connell's, Rautatienkatu 24, ☏ +358 3 222-7032. Daily 16:00–02:00. Irish pub near the railway station. Many staff members and owners are Irish.
Old Mates, Sumeliuksenkatu 18, ☏ +358 44-989-8518, tampere@oldmates.fi. A British-style pub near the Tulli Business Park. Several British beers on tap and a selection of British pub food. Board games also available. Beer around €10. (updated Jun 2022)
Olutravintola Konttori, Verkatehtaankatu 5, ☏ +358 3 222-5007. Quaint and easy-going beer house that has an old office theme. A good selection of beers and malts.
Oluthuone Panimomestari, Tuomiokirkonkatu 15, ☏ +358 3 212-3173. 12:00–02:00. A British-style pub in the centre of Tampere, only about a block or two from the railway station. A wide variety of beers and ciders from the local Tampere brewery Plevna on tap, plus various others beers and ciders from all around the world in bottles. A good choice to try various beers and ciders if you're in a hurry to visit Tampere. No entrance fee. Beer price depends on beer. (updated Dec 2015)
Panimoravintola Plevna, Itäinenkatu 8, ☏ +358 3 260-1200. Plevna Brewery Pub & Restaurant is a true Tampere institution in an 135-year-old weaving hall, which saw the first electric light bulbs in Nordic countries in 1882. The pub is named after a Balkan town where men from Finlayson cotton mills fought alongside Russian troops in the Russo-Turkish War. They serve hearty traditional meals accompanied with their own delicious microbrews. Try, for example, the arguably best Finnish beer, Siperia Imperial Stout, with hearty mustamakkara blood sausage.
Pub Vieteri, Matinkatu 1 (in Härmälä), ☏ +358 45 841 7409, pubvieteri@gmail.com.
Teerenpeli, Hämeenkatu 25, ☏ +358 42-492-5210. Teerenpeli offers a variety of home-brewed and imported beers and Finnish style ciders. A good selection of malts.
Vinoteca del Piemonte, Suvantokatu 9, ☏ +358 3 225-5505. Stylish wine bar with light Italian fare and views to the Orthodox church.
Ilona, Verkatehtaankatu 3. Su-Th 22:00-04:00, F Sa 21:00-04:00. Large night club for a more mature crowd. Classics and Finnish hits.
Ilves, Hatanpään valtatie 1 (Hotel Ilves), ☏ +358 20 1234 631. W-Sa 21:00-04:00. Quite popular hotel night club. Music mostly from top hits to club. Classy, you have to dress up a bit to blend in.
Klubi, Tullikamarinaukio 2. M Tu 11:00-22:00, W-F 11:00-04:00, Sa 15:00-04:00. A bar/night club in the old customs house built in 1901. Live music presented often. Entrance fee depends on performers.
Vastavirta-klubi, Pispalan valtatie 39, ☏ +358 50 516 0644. One of Finland's most prominent underground music clubs with a punk spirit. Beautifully located on top of Pispala ridge. Features gigs of various genres, usually from Wednesday to Saturday.
Yo-talo, Kauppakatu 10, yo-talo@yo-talo.com. Disco, clubs, and live music in a student union building from the early 20th century. Type and age of the crowd depends heavily on the program. Frequented mostly by students.
Dream Hostel, Åkerlundinkatu 2 (200 m east of railway station opposite Tampere-talo), ☏ +358 45 2360517, info@dreamhostel.fi. Small well-run place, very central, with dorms and hotel rooms. Dorm €28, private double €65. (updated Sep 2021)
Homeland Tampere, Kullervonkatu 19 (500 m northeast of railway station), ☏ +358 3 3126 0200, homeland@homeland.fi. Budget apartment hotel near Tammelan tori. B&B double €85. (updated Jun 2019)
Hotel Hermica, Insinöörinkatu 78 (in Hervanta, 10 km southeast of city), ☏ +358 3 365 1111, sales@hermica.fi. Simple basic hotel in Hervanta, near Tampere University of Technology. B&B double room €80. (updated Jun 2019)
Hotel Kauppi, Kalevan puistotie 2 (1 km northeast of centre near Kauppi forest), ☏ +358 3 2535 353, kauppi@avainhotellit.fi. A budget hotel convenient for motorists. B&B double €90. (updated Jun 2019)
Hotel Uninen, Rahtimiehenkatu 3 (in Epilä), ☏ +358 400 410 368, tampere@uninen.me. €80. (updated Jul 2023)
dead link Hotelli Iltatähti (Evening Star), Kyläojankatu 16 (in Messukylä 4 km east of centre), ☏ +358 3 3151 6262, hotel@hoteliltatahti.fi. Four apartments in alpine-style lodge. Mainly does long term lets but may have availability for single nights. They also have one apartment in the centre on Satamakatu. Single €70, double €100, cash only. (updated Jun 2019)
Hotelli Lamminpää, Vuorentaustantie 5 (8 km west of centre), ☏ +358 3 345 3336, hotellikanava@hotellikanava.net. A Gasthaus-style inn at affordable prices. The nearest places to eat and drink can be found a few hundred meters away, the hotel's own restaurant is mainly only for private events. Visa, Master Card, Maestro, American Express and Diner's Club accepted. Single €55, double €70. (updated Nov 2022)
Härmälä Camping, Leirintäkatu 8 (on the lakeside 3 km south-west of the centre), ☏ +358 3 265-1355. Camping area for tents, tourer caravans and with cottages, open mid-May to Sept. Tent € plus € per person. (updated Jun 2019)
Mango Hotel, Hatanpään puistokuja 36, ☏ +358 10-666-2111, info@mangohotel.fi. Budget hotel with comfortable rooms. Customer can also make reservations on the internet or in the reception. Coriander Bar & Restaurant on the backside of the hotel. Single €69/day, double €94/day, suite €120/day. (updated Dec 2022)
Omena Hotel Tampere, Hämeenkatu 7 (a block west of railway station). Budget hotel chain on the main street. No reception, they email your door code. Small rooms. Double room from €60. (updated Jun 2019)
Hotelli Tredun Helmi, Pirkankatu 17 (unobstructed access from the iron gate through the courtyard), ☏ +358 3 5656-7700, tredunhelmi@tampere.fi. Hostel room with shared toilet, shower and kitchen. Customer service is open M-F 08:00-14:00. €25. (updated May 2022)
Holiday Inn Tampere, Yliopistonkatu 44 (next to the railway station), ☏ +358 3 245-5111. A business hotel, very central for city. B&B double €90. (updated Jun 2019)
Holiday Club Tampere, Lapinniemenranta 12 (on lakeside  km north of centre), ☏ +358 210-100-000. A spa hotel next to a marina, built into an old cotton mill with high rooms. B&B double €110. (updated Jun 2019)
Scandic Tampere City, Hämeenkatu 1 (facing railway station), ☏ +358 3 244-6111, tamperecity@scandic-hotels.com. Modern hotel on main street, which has been dug up - some noise from this. B&B double €120. (updated Jun 2019)
Sokos Hotel Villa, Sumeliuksenkatu 14 (east side of railway station), ☏ +358 20-1234-633, villa.tampere@sokoshotels.fi. Comfy hotel built into an old grain storehouse. B&B double €120. (updated Jun 2019)
Wanha Velada, Etelä-Arolan tie 172 (in Velaatta), ☏ +358 40 050 5084, info@wanhavelada.fi. An atmospheric inn in the peace of the countryside. (updated May 2024)
Scandic Rosendahl, Pyynikintie 13 (1 km west of centre), ☏ +358 3 244-1111, rosendahl@scandic-hotels.com. In a beautiful lakeside location under Pyynikki ridge. Some rebuilding under way in early 2019. €110. (updated Jun 2019)
Sokos Hotel Ilves, Hatanpään valtatie 1, ☏ +358 20-123-4631, ilves.tampere@sokoshotels.fi. Tampere's best known hotel, next to the riverside park. €120. (updated Jun 2019)
Radisson Blu Grand Hotel Tammer (formerly Sokos Hotel Tammer), Satakunnankatu 13, ☏ +358 20-123-4632, tammer.tampere@sokoshotels.fi. Historical Art Deco hotel, next to the riverside park. €130. (updated Jun 2019)
Sokos Hotel Torni Tampere, Ratapihankatu 43, ☏ +358 20-123-4634, torni.tampere@sokoshotels.fi. Good modern hotel with rooftop bar. €130. (updated Jun 2019)
Internet cafes are not very common in Finland, and Tampere makes no exception. If you have your own laptop or a smartphone, most cafes offer free wireless internet (or WLAN as it is mostly called in Finland). In the city centre and some other locations around town, there is Roam.fi. The tourist office and main library also offer free Internet access.
Internet Madi, Tuomiokirkonkatu 36. M–F 10:00–22:00, Sa Su 11:00–22:00. Starting from €2 for half an hour, price includes coffee/tea.
As Finland in general, Tampere is a safe city for its size.
Drug-related crime is an increasing problem in the city. The city has also faced problems with juvenile crime, but Tampere has done a lot to support young people and fight crime. Violent crime is less reported in Tampere than in Helsinki for example.
On weekend nights, intoxicated people wandering around city streets may be an annoyance, especially during summer festivals such as Tammerfest, Tapahtumien yö, Sauna Open Air, and on New Year's Eve and April 30, the eve of May Day, which is the most important beer-drinking festival in the Finnish calendar. Warm summer nights always gather a drunken crowd downtown. Intoxicated Finns tend to be rather noisy (in stark contrast to sober Finns) and admittedly sometimes picking a fight with just about anyone. Just use your common sense, and steer clear of overly loud groups of young men. As Tampere is not a big tourist destination, pickpockets and common hustlers are rare.
There are rare exceptional health hazards, although the extreme cold in the winter should be borne in mind by visitors, especially those planning outdoor activities. Whilst in summer the temperature rises occasionally to 30°C, in the winter months it can drop to around -30°C for a week or two. Dressing warmly is a must. If you forget to bring winter clothing, you can always visit local shops for appropriate apparel. Also, watch out for slippery sidewalks in winter. Thousands of people slip and injure themselves every winter! Winter-time driving needs also special caution as the roads may be very slippery with ice and/or snow.
Yliopiston Apteekki pharmacy, Hämeenkatu 16 (Keskustori central square), ☏ +358 300 20200. Daily 7/24. The pharmacy with the most central location and the best hours.
Acuta, Teiskontie 35 (from Teiskontie to Kuntokatu to Ensitie), ☏ +358 3 311 611, fax: +358 3 311 65346. 24/7. Emergency department of Tampere University Hospital. (updated Jun 2015)
Tammelakeskus Health Centre, Itsenäisyydenkatu 21 B (from railway station to Itsenäisyydenkatu), ☏ +358 3 5657 8850, fax: +358 3 5657 8847. M-F 08:00-15:00. Municipal health centre for minor health problems. (updated Jun 2015)
In emergencies, ☏ 112 (free from all phones). This includes social services, although for non-urgent matters you could contact the social services directly.
Helsinki, the coastal capital of Finland is well worth visiting for anyone, and it is only 170 km (90 minutes by train) to the south.
Turku, another coastal city, is the historic capital of Finland 165 km to the south-west from Tampere. It makes an interesting day trip by train, bus or car.
Jyväskylä, an inland city also surrounded by lakes in the middle of Finland, about 150 km to the northeast.
Hämeenlinna is a mid-size town 80 km south most famous for its small medieval castle.
Seitseminen National Park (70 km north of Tampere) offers a good view to the Finnish nature. Forests, mires and eskers alternate in the landscape. There are guided hikes in summer, marked trails (60 km, à –17 km; some accessible by wheelchair and pram), and maintained skiing tracks in winter (45 km).
Helvetinjärvi National Park (85 km north of Tampere) encases wild forests and deep gorges that were formed by faults in the bedrock running through the area. Special features of the area include deep rifts, steep-sided lakes and small forest ponds. 40 km of marked trails.
Sappee (50 km east of Tampere), and Himos (95 km north of Tampere) are small downhill skiing stations in the region.
Nokia, a small city 15 km west of Tampere.
Akaa, a charming and quiet municipality 35 km south of Tampere.
Tampere lies on the Näsijärvi–Ruovesi waterway to the north (upstream), to Sulkava 130 km away, perhaps for a week of boating; on the Längelmävesi–Vanajavesi waterway to the south and east; and Kulovesi–Rautavesi to the west, downstream. The latter leads to Kokemäenjoki, but hydroelectric power dams interrupt the river.
This city travel guide to Tampere has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!