Trondheim, formerly Trondhjem or Nidaros, is an old city in central Norway. It is a key city in Norway, its skyline dominated by the lovely cathedral and its city life dominated by the university. Central Trondheim is beautifully inside a large river bend where the river meets the wide Trondheimsfjord.
The elaborate west wall of Nidarosdomen Cathedral, Trondheim's landmark
Trondheim is the oldest of Norway's major cities, and its rich cultural heritage can still be traced in and around the city centre. It's a scenic city on the southern shore of the Trondheimsfjord, which is the third longest in Norway. Even if the size is modest, there is a lot going on in Trondheim. Music, arts, culture, alternative politics, nightlife and student life — all combine into making Trondheim one of the most exciting city centres of Northern Europe.
The city centre is roughly the area inside the meandering Nidelva. The marvellous Nidaros Cathedral, the second-largest church of Northern Europe and the only Gothic cathedral in Norway, towers over the city centre. Legend has it that it was built over the grave of St Olav, Norway's patron saint. Regarded as a national treasure, it has been the site of the coronations of Norway's kings. In 1958, Olav V chose to receive benediction there as did the current king, Harald V, in 1991. The cathedral has been under restoration since 1860 and as the only state church in Norway, obtains grants directly from the parliament through the state budget.
The Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) is the main technical university of Norway and contributes greatly to the city's social profile and economy. Out of Trondheim's 210,000 inhabitants (2020), 42,000 are students at NTNU (2019).
Melhus village near the mouth of Gaula river valley is part of wider Trondheim area.
The city celebrated its 1000th anniversary in 1997 but contrary to popular belief Trondheim was not so much of a centre for the Vikings as it was founded at the end of the Viking Age. However, it was the religious centre of northern Europe during the Middle Ages and a vital hub for North Atlantic trade, giving it plenty of characteristic mansions and harbour houses. From 1152 until the Protestant Reformation, Trondheim (or Nidaros as it was called) was the seat of the Archbishopric of Norway (present-day Norway plus Iceland, Orkney and Shetland). The ancient name Nidaros reads "mouth of river Nid". For centuries, Trondheim was the northernmost mercantile city in Europe, giving it a special "edge-of-the-world" feeling. This also resulted in a more outgoing international culture than many other Scandinavian cities at the time. The inhabitants like to call their city the historical, religious, and technological capital of Norway.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Comparable to Scotland, the climate is oceanic and Trondheim is warmed by the Gulf Stream in the winter. Therefore the winters are much milder than you would expect at 63° north — temperatures of over +10°C can be encountered well into October. There is snow in the winter, but the temperature is certainly more pleasant than, say, at the same latitude in Canada or even Finland. Don't expect Mediterranean temperatures in the summer, though. Being practically located at the Atlantic Ocean, strong winds are common; moreover, few days are free of rain, so it's a good idea to bring a jacket even in the summer.
Trondheim Airport Værnes (TRD IATA). serves international and national flights. There are plenty of flights every day from Oslo, and several from Bergen, Stavanger, Kristiansand, Bodø and Tromsø, and from the short-field airports of Mosjøen, Sandnessjøen, Brønnøysund, Namsos and Rørvik. International destinations include London Gatwick, Amsterdam, Copenhagen, Stockholm and Riga. There are also flights from many destinations in the Mediterranean and on the Canary Islands, both charter and regular. Luggage storage is available outside of security.
The following options are available for transfer to downtown Trondheim, listed from cheapest to most expensive. The cheapest and most convenient option is the train, as the ticket is also valid on buses and trams in the city for  hours after purchase (3 hours on weekdays after 6pm or weekends). The ticket does not need to be valid for the entire duration of the trip; as long as it is valid when you enter the bus or train, it will remain valid until you exit, even if it expires during the trip.
Trains and buses are managed by the public transportation company AtB. Tickets purchased through AtB are therefore valid for both modes of transportation. Single tickets cost kr 46 (as of Feb 2024) and are cheaper for children.
Trains depart to Trondheim once per hour on weekdays, once every two hours on weekends. Corridor to railway station begins next to baggage belt 2. The train is more scenic than by bus, but far less frequent. Journey time to Trondheim Central Station is 35-40 min. Train may however be the best option for transfer to many other destinations such as Levanger, Verdal and Steinkjer. Long distance Regiontog towards Fauske and Bodø in Northern Norway pass the airport three times daily.
Bus lines 70 and 311 regularly run to the city. The full list of routes is available here. The stop is called "Trondheim lufthavn". To find it, enter the parking garage, walk straight through to the other side (about 100 meters), exiting the opening on the lefthand side. Follow the road, bearing right, for about 130 meters, and you should see the stop on the other side of the street from a gas station. Travel time to the city center is about 1 hour.
There are four ways to purchase a train/bus ticket:
The AtB official app is available for Android and iOS and has English options.
Send an SMS to 2027 with the text "VOKSEN"
Tickets may also be purchased on board via cash or credit card, but only on trains and not on buses
Tickets may be purchased from the small green and black ticket machines located on the floor above the train platforms.
Værnes-Ekspressen is by far the most expensive option, although it stops directly in front of the baggage carousel, making it slightly more convenient. Check the schedule before buying a return ticket. Tickets cost, as of Sep 2023, kr 390/220 (student kr 270/150, child or senior kr 220/110). Prices are slightly cheaper if tickets are purchased in advance. Travel time to the city center is about 35-45 minutes.
Taxi companies include Trøndertaxi, Norgestaxi and Stjørdal Taxidead link. Many offer fixed price to Trondheim in shared or chartered taxi.
Trondheim S (Trondheim sentralstasjon) is fairly small, and just a few minutes north of the city centre. The bus station is next door, and an elevated causeway connects the train and bus stations with the terminus for boats on the Trondheim fjord. Toilets and lockers are available for a fee. A kiosk is available in the terminal itself, while there is a decent bakery and restaurant on the causeway above the tracks. There is a supermarket five minutes away, towards the centre.
There are four daily trains between Oslo and Trondheim S on the Dovre linedead link. These are the quickest ground transport between the cities, and you may find cheap discount tickets on the Vy website.
There are no longer direct trains from Oslo on the Røros line, but there are two daily connections with Oslo, with changes in Røros and Hamar.
Three daily trains make their way southwards on the Nordlandsbanendead link from Mosjøen and Mo i Rana, with two of them all the way from Bodø and Fauske. Fauske is the main hub for buses from the north, for instance from Lofoten. Incidentally, the night service passes Hell station just before midnight.
Local trainsdead link between Trondheim and the airport, continuing to Steinkjer, depart every hour on weekdays, roughly every second hour on weekends. Trains from Oppdal and Røros depart a few times per day. These trains also call at local stations in Trondheim.
The Meråkerbanendead link (Nabotåget) service runs twice daily from the city of Östersund and the ski resort Åre in Sweden, passing the border at Storlien. There are connections from Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmö, and other cities in Sweden.
The Lykkens Portal, located on Gamble Bybro
The Norwegian north-south highway E6 passes Trondheim. Alternatively from Oslo, the road number 3 can be used. It is shorter and faster than E6, and less affected by snowstorms in winter, but E6 is more beautiful from a touristic point of view. The coastal highway E39 has its terminus at Klett, 10 km south of Trondheim. The eastbound E14 forks off from E6 near the airport. If driving to the city along the highways, be aware that there are automatic tolls on the highways both from north and south.
Parking in the city centre is easy, but expensive. Useful parking spots include the central station, the garage under the main square, the garage in Fjordgata, the Central Park garage, the garage in Sandgata (there are always empty spots here). Parking in Ila is free.
The Mørelinjen express, operated by Fram, runs down the coast towards Kristiansund, Molde and Ålesund.
Other express bus lines from Trondheim include the useful Bergen line, passing the fjord areas of western Norway on the way and connecting these with Trondheim. All the way to Bergen, it takes a whopping 14 hr.
If you have the time and money, you should definitely take the  Coastal Steamer, Hurtigruten. It runs from Bergen to Trondheim, and on to Bodø, Tromsø, Hammerfest and finally Kirkenes, just on the Russian border. The trip from Bergen takes 36 hours and costs about kr 750 if you are a student (be sure to check for updated prices on their home page). This trip takes you through one of the most magnificent parts of coastal Norway, even popping by the famous Geiranger fjord during summer. Travelling north, Bodø is reached in 24 hr, while Tromsø takes 50 hr. All the way to Kirkenes takes another two days from Tromsø.
There is also a twice a day  catamaran passenger boat-service between Trondheim and Kristiansund.
As the religious centre for much of northern Europe, Trondheim was a pilgrimage destination. Some of the routes have been revived as the Nidaros Path or St. Olav's Way and can be used for real pilgrimage or just slow-tourism through countryside and beautiful landscapes, with local food and many cultural sights. There are several routes, among them:
The Gudbrandsdalen path (643 km) from Oslo to Trondheim, the longest pilgrim route in Norway and the main road to Nidaros in medieval times. It goes through countryside with cultural sights as well as dramatic wilderness landscapes.
The Østerdalen path from Värmland in Sweden through Trysil and Tynset, much of it through sparsely inhabited areas.
The St. Olav path from Selånger outside Sundsvall on the coast of Sea of Bothnia.
The Fjord Pilgrim route (Kystpilegrimsleia) from Rogaland, 1400 km through dramatic landscapes. Parts are suitable for bike and foot, parts for kayak and small boats.
The St. Olav Waterway from Turku via the Archipelago Sea and Åland – partly by ferry or own vessel – connects to the established leg from Hudiksvall in Sweden.
Trondheim's light green public buses
If you want to find locations in Trondheim, try the Yellow Pages website. The maps have more detail than popular map websites, and are very useful if you've heard the name of a place, but don't know where it is.
Trondheim has a well developed bus network, covering nearly all of the city. Buses are operated by the company AtB. There are frequent departures during the day, less frequent during evenings. Within the zone Stor-Trondheim it costs kr 46 for single tickets, kr 23 for under 20 year olds, kr 138 for a day pass (kr 69 for under 20 year olds), and kr 322 for a 7-day pass (kr 130 for under 20 year olds), as of Feb 2024. Night bus service (running between 00:30 and 04:00 on weekends) is available at an extra cost. You can buy tickets in the AtB app (the one with a gray logo, the others are being deprecated), from the driver (see note below), at some convenience stores (Narvesen, 7-Eleven and Deli de Luca), by sending an SMS to 2027 with the message "VOKSEN", and ticket machines (accepting cash and card). Be aware that the ticket machines are not well maintained and may be unreliable. Tickets purchased prior to boarding the bus are cheaper than buying with cash from the driver. You can find online timetables and a map of the system.
Not all buses allow you to buy a ticket onboard, and it will be more expensive than the other options. In general, you can only buy tickets on the region buses (the blue ones), and on city buses departing from stops that are not served by metrobus lines. For example, if you travel from Lerkendal Gård using line 11, you can buy a ticket onboard. However, if you take line 11 from Hesthagen, you can not buy a ticket onboard, since Hesthagen is also serviced by metrobus lines 1 and 2. Finally, the green city buses are cash–only, and require you to pay the exact amount. For these reasons, use one of the options for prepaid tickets instead.
Make sure that your ticket is valid before entering the bus. There have been cases where passengers have been fined for entering the bus after purchasing a ticket that wasn't validated due to a lag or error in AtB's own system. Note that the rule is that you must have a valid ticket when entering. This means that as long as the ticket was valid the moment you entered the bus, it will still be valid even if it expires during the journey. This is useful for transfers or for quick trips.
Aa separate ticket is required to bring a bicycle onboard (kr 23 as for Feb 2024), although this seems to be rarely enforced.
Do not buy a student ticket unless you are prepared to show proof of recent enrollment (e.g. paid semester fees, etc.) Ticket control is very strict about this policy and will give you a fine if they are not satisfied with the proof you offer them.
Gråkallbanen, the tram line operates from St. Olavs gate near the centre to Lian, up in the Bymarka forests. It's a quite scenic ride with good views of the city and surroundings both on the way up and down and well worth taking if you have an hour. It operates on the same fare schedule, so day passes are valid. The tram is the northernmost tram service in the world.
Trønderbanendead link, the local train runs between Støren and Steinkjer, and thus covers large parts of the county. Bus and tram tickets bought from AtB are valid on all trains within zone A.
Norgestaxi. Smart phone app offers address based routing and calculates price according to them. (updated Aug 2020)
Jip. Smart phone app offers address based routing and calculates price according to them. (updated Feb 2021)
The resort island of Munkholmen, can be reached by boat from Ravnkloa every day from May to September, hourly departures. Make sure you don't miss the last boat home in the evening! A return ticket costs kr 80 for adults, kr 45 for children and kr 45 for strollers. Cash only.
Downtown is fairly compact and walkable. However many points of interest are several kilometers away and there are some steep hills in the south of the city. Unless you particularly enjoy walking, take some other means of transport there.
Getting around by bicycle is relatively popular. Electric bicycles are a common sight due to the number of hills in the city. There is a well connected bicycle network with major routes running along the fjord waterfront (near Brattørkaia and Skansen) as well as running along the river. If you desire to go further out in the city, there is a route toward Lade (east of city center) and a route running parallel to Elgeseter gate (south of city centre). Miljøpakken, the organization for regional sustainable transportation in Trondheim, maintains an updated map of the bicycle routes here.
There is a bicycle sharing system available from Trondheim Bysykkel. Bicycles and can rented and unlocked from stations throughout the city. The cost is kr 19 per 30 minutes or kr 429 for an unlimited or seasonal pass, as of Sep 2023.
If want to get up to the fortress along the steep Brubakken by bike you can use the locally famous and allegedly only bicycle lift in the world, "Trampe".
Note that bringing a bicycle onboard the bus requires a separate, additional bicycle ticket.
It is quite easy to find a parking spot downtown, but getting around by car itself can be frustrating with a lot of one-way streets and short green light periods for cars in the intersections.
Castle ruins at Sverresborg Folk Museum
Stay close to the  Nidelva The river is a good place to take a break and relax  Marinen just behind the cathedral. Behind the cathedral there is a park with a children's playground. There are a lot of wooden mansions in and around the city centre. Stiftsgaarden, the King's local residence, is the biggest together with the Singsaker summer hotel, but the small, wooden houses in parts of the city like  Bakklandet,  Hospitalsløkkan,  Ila and  Ilsvikøra are even more picturesque. Wooden harbour buildings can be seen along Kjøpmannsgata, Fjordgata and Sandgata. The best view is from the  Old Town Bridge across Nidelva river, leading from close to the cathedral to Bakklandet.
Nidaros Cathedral (Nidarosdomen). Jun–Aug: M–F 09:00–18:00, Sa 09:00–14:00, Su 09:00–17:00; Sep–Dec: M–Sa 09:00–14:00, Su 09:00–16:00. This is the biggest church of Northern Europe, the only major Gothic cathedral in Norway and the pride of the city. Towering over the city centre at its southern edge, the majestic cathedral is the defining feature of Trondheim. Nidarosdomen is also Norway's national cathedral. It was erected over what was believed to be St. Olav's grave and it became a major pilgrimage site in Northern Europe. Next door is the Archbishop's Palace, which was partly burnt down in the 1980s and has been heavily restored. Cathedral: kr 90, Archbishop's Palace museum: kr 90, Crown Regalia: kr 90, Combined ticket (cathedral, palace, crown): kr 180, Tower: kr 40.
Vår Frue Church. The "Church of Our Lady" also dates from the Middle Ages but was partially rebuilt after the 1708 fire.
Torvet. The central square is the hub of Trondheim. Surrounded by shops and cafés, it is often used for events. There are also vendors with market stalls that sell tourist kitch and souvenirs, food, clothes, accessories and other items. Not to mention Trondheim Torg, which is one of the cities largest shopping malls- home to clothing stores, book stores, and restaurants and cafes. At the center stands a 18-meter high statue of King Olav Tryggvason, the founder of the city. It is also a functioning sundial. (updated Feb 2024)
Tyholt tower (Tyholttårnet), Otto Nielsens vei 4 (bus 22,25 or 28 to Tyholttårnet/Otto Nielsens veg). TV-tower with a rotating top restaurant: Egon Tårnet (see eat section).
Kristiansten Fortress (Kristiansten festning). A fortress on a hill overlooking the centre. Have a walk in the area for views of Trondheim one can take the bus 25 to Ankersgata, or rent a bike and use the bike lift at Trampe.
Munkholmen island. The ancient fortress island, a popular spot for swimming, sunbathing, and visiting the old monastery. The ferry boat out the island operates in the summer (from mid May to early September). Guided tour: kr 40, payment by cash only.
Dora 1. The German submarine base for the 13th flotilla during the German occupation of Norway (1940 - 1945). Today the bunker houses several archives, among them are the Trondheim city archives, NTNU university and governmental archives.
Ringve Music Museum (Ringve Musikkmuseum), Lade alle 60 (bus 20, 2 to Ringve museum), ☏ +47 73 87 02 80. Tu–Su 11:00–16:00. Norwegian national museum of music which also includes the Ringve botanical gardens of Trondheim. The garden grounds themselves are free to visit. Adults kr 100, children kr 50.
Sverresborg Trøndelag Folk Museum, Sverresborg Alle 13 (bus 11 to Trøndelag Folkemuseum), ☏ +47 73 89 01 00. daily 10:00–17:00 (reduced hours in low season). Sverresborg is the museum of local cultural heritage for Trøndelag. Outdoor and indoor exhibits reveal the lifestyle of the people who have lived in the region throughout history. During summer, cultural events re-enactments, actors in period and regional costumes and dresses as well as livestock from the local farms nearby bring the open-air museum section to life. If you're hungry, you can eat simple dishes and desserts at the in-house café. Adults kr 125 (kr 70 in low season).
Vitensentret (Trondheim Science Center), Kongens gate 1, ☏ +47 73 59 61 23. 10:00-16:00 (winter), 10:00-17:00 (summer). A center for popularizing science, has lots of exhibits, of which many are interactive. Also has a gift store. It is home to one of Norway's largest planetariums which was opened in 2017. kr 90 (adult).
Trondheim Tramway Museum (Sporveismuseet), Vognhallveien 1b. Late Jun-late Aug: W-Su 12:00-15:00. Halfway up the Gråkallbanen, in Munkvoll, there is a museum of the city's tram transport. On the downside, it's only open in the summer.
The small community of squatters in the district of  Reina (known informally as Svartlamon), now an ecological experiment-part of the city. A different neighbourhood to walk around in, with very few shops, cafes and lots of graffiti.
Trampe, Brubakken (just across the old town bridge). The world's first and only bike lift. Free.
Trondheim folkebibliotek, Kongens gate 2. The city library is built upon the ruins of a medieval church and some archaeological objects are on display. The building, which was built as the original city hall in the 19th century, is a remnant of the past. Also, being a library you can also borrow and read books, and it's the site of various events.
Check out Trondheim's bustling nightlife. During term time, the students make the nightlife rocking all week, and skyrocketing in weekends. Check the "Drink" section for more.
Watch football at  Rosenborg BK. They play soccer in Eliteserien, Norway's top tier; they usually do well and qualify for European tournaments. Their home ground Lerkendal stadium (capacity 21,400) is 2 km south of town centre. The playing season is Apr–Nov. (updated Apr 2021)
Have a swim in the modern  Pirbadet swimming pool, a magnificent water palace just by the sea, but definitely warmer! (Bus 46 or 52 to Pirterminalen, end station)
Have an even cooler swim in the  Sjøbadet, a tiny little, but very cosy beach that consists of not much more than a wooden diving tower. It gains its uniqueness through its location, right to the left behind the central train station, in the area of harbour and industries. Don't worry, it's the cleanest water in the world!
If the weather is nice and the fjord is warm, the best swimming spots are found east of the city. The  Lade area contains a footpath along the fjord, which passes many of the best swimming spots. (Bus 3 to Strandveikaia, then walk along the industrially-looking road to the left... and you'll find beauty soon!) Also, the  Rotvoll/Ranheim area further out is brilliant for sunbathing and swimming. (Bus 6 to Rotvoll or longer, or local train to Rotvoll station)
A newly opened venue,  Havet, also offers bathing in the fjord. There is also a bar, restaurant, concert stage, and saunas on site.
Hiking and backpacking are popular activities in the areas around Trondheim. The Norwegian Trekking Association (DNT) is a good resource for planning hiking trips. The local branch of DNT is  Trondhjems Turistforening where you can ask for trip planning advice, reserve overnight cabins, and purchase camping equipment.
If you hike outside of the city, do not rely on Google or Apple maps. They have incomplete information on hiking paths. Instead, consider DNT's UT.no, OpenStreetMap, or paper maps from DNT.
Go skiing at  Vassfjellet just outside Trondheim, in the season there's a bus service from Munkegata, and a Ski Shop with ski and snowboard rental service.
Cross-country skiing is popular from November to April with hundreds of kilometres of tracks in  Bymarka and  Estenstadmarka. You can rent skis at  Skistua in Bymarka, bus 10.
If you want to know what's up right now on the local culture scene, consult the city's official event calendar trdevents.
Every year in the end of July and the beginning of August, you can visit the St. Olav Festival. The festival is a celebration of Olav Haraldsson, who attempted to Christianise Norway. The festival's programme consists of both religious contributions, like masses for pilgrimages in the Nidaros cathedral and cultural festivities like concerts, Medieval plays, lectures, exhibitions and many other activities.
Minimalen Short Film Fest. In March you may watch the best of Norwegian and Nordic short films, as well as the best of the international film scene.
The Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) in Trondheim represents academic eminence in technology and the natural sciences as well as in other academic disciplines ranging from the social sciences, the arts, medicine, architecture to fine arts. Cross-disciplinary cooperation results in innovative breakthroughs and creative solutions with far-reaching social and economic impact.
If you're looking for work check out the website of the governmental agency NAV. Tech industry boom; Yahoo's arrived & there's other start-ups. If you are truly impressive in this field they'll pay for your move and process your work visa. But you have to excel in your field; if there's a Norwegian that can do your job, they'll get him/her not you.
Nidar factory outlet, Bromstadveien 2. Tu-F 10:00-18:00, Sa 10:00-15:00. Chocolate anyone? Nidar, one of Norway's largest candy manufacturers have their factory here in Trondheim. In their factory outlet you can buy their products at discounted prices. Often there are some minor faults with the products, like missing best before date, but nothing to worry about, really.
Nordre gate. The central shopping street in Trondheim, with international stores as well as local shops. Clothes, food, jewellery, watches, electronics, and many other products can be found in this pedestrian-only street.
Thomas Angells Gate. Crossing Nordre gate at approximately half-way, this is a slightly smaller street with record shops and different other stores.
Fjordgata. Following the canal at the north of the city centre you have this lengthy street filled mainly with speciality stores and a decent selection of restaurants.
Trondheim Torg in the winter next to the central square which here has been turned into a skating rink
Trondheim Torg, Kongens g 11. Smack in the middle of the city, this mall should be able to suit most of your needs. This mall especially has a few cafés.
Byhaven, Olav Tryggvasons g 28. A posh shopping mall with a majority of expensive stores.
Solsiden, Beddingen 10, Nedre Elvehavn. Solsiden translates directly to "Sun Side". It was realized and hurriedly transformed from an abandoned shipbuilding site into a shopping mall. It has a long stretch of restaurants/bars located by the old area where ships used to be launched. Walk across the pedestrian bridge from close to the train station, or get any eastbound bus from the centre.
City Syd, Østre Rosten 28 -30, Tiller. The largest shopping mall in central Norway, with 38,000 square metres of shops and restaurants. Slightly off the beaten tourist track but it can be reached by bus/taxi. The buses 71 and 1 connects City Syd with downtown and has frequent departures, the ride is about 15 minutes. In addition there are 2 other shopping malls in close proximity (200 and 300 m) to City Syd (easily spotted from the City Syd parking Lots) TillerTorget and "StorM Sentret".
City Lade, Haakon VIIs gate 9 (3 km from the centre, bus 2 takes you there). A large shopping mall at Lade with several restaurants, and an open play-area.
Sirkus Shopping, Falkenborgvegen 1 (take bus 10, 12 or 1 to the Strindheim stop). A shopping centre east of the city centre with about 100 stores, restaurants and service facilities.
Studentersamfundet, the site of eating, drinking and events
Trondheim has food spots to suit every taste, though remember that eating out is generally very expensive, just like elsewhere in Norway.
Studentersamfundet, Elgeseter gate 1. The red, round house that previously housed the Trondheim Interrail centre during summer and the student society otherwise. The café Edgar serves decent food at a low cost. To get to Edgar, go in through the glass doors and up one floor. Lyche (entrance to the south) serves good food (the burgers are the most popular dish, but they also serve soups, fancier dinner options, dessert) for just a few kroner more than a fast food chain. Just by the main entrance, Sesam makes kebabs and burgers. All southbound buses stop at Studentersamfundet. Everything is accessible by wheelchair.
Student canteens, ☏ +47 73 59 32 50. The size of the university means there are 9 student canteens around town on the campuses, serving cheap food at good prices, paid by weight. Day card (breakfast, lunch, dinner): kr 60 (students only).
SiT Kafe Kalvskinnet, Gunnerusgate 1.
SiT Kafe Øya (near St. Olav's Hospital).
Hot dogs: There are several hotdog stands and carts across the city. Several kiosks offer pølser (sausages) in a bun or lomper (a soft flour or potato-based flat bread) with or without condiments.
Kebab shops. There are many kebab places in town. They are quite similar with regards to quality and price. The most authentic is Istanbul Döner Chef in Olav Tryggvasons gate 5.
Tavern, Sverresborg Alle 11 (next to the Trøndelag open air folk museum at Sverresborg; take bus 11 to Trøndelag Folkemuseum). This 19th- and early 20th-century themed restaurant with decor from the 18th century serves a variety of central Norwegian food. (updated Jan 2023)
Lager 11, Sluppenvegen 11, ☏ +47 477 68 200. Th-Su. Street food hall and event center. Casual and inexpensive food available from 8 different food stalls. Choices range from Greek, Mexican, and Vietnamese food. (updated Sep 2023)
Tyholt tower featuring a rotating restaurant
Ramp, Strandveien 25a (in the squat area of Reina (Svartlamon)). This laid-back, organic restaurant is a good place to relax and play board games. It offers good food at good prices. Any eastbound bus will take you to Strandveien stop.
Bakklandet Skydsstation, Øvre Bakklandet 33. The place to find one of Trondheim's best seafood collections, such as a herring buffet and baccalao (dried or salted cod). The restaurant is quite small with around ten small tables, so you might want to come a bit outside regular dining times to get a seat.
Egon Tårnet, Otto Nielsens vei 4 (bus 20 or 60 to Tyholttårnet/Otto Nielsens veg), ☏ +47 73 87 35 00, taarnet@egon.no. M–Th 10:00–23:00, F Sa 10:00–23:30, Su 11:00–22:00. The rotating restaurant at the top of the Tyholt tv and Radio Tower, the tallest structure in Trondheim. At the lower end of the price list you will find large North American-style sandwiches and burgers, at the higher end of the spectrum we have steak, baked potatoes and fish and chips. They are most famous for their pizza buffet, which costs 149 kr for adults and 89 for children until they reach the age of 10 (as of early 2023). As well, there is a small dessert collection which includes banana split, chocolate fondant, and Belgian waffles with ice cream (as of early 2023). There are other Egon restaurants around town as well, the most central being in Søndre gate, Prinsens gate and at the Solsiden mall. Pizza buffet kr 107, hamburgers and sandwiches kr 150-200, mains around kr 200-350. (updated Feb 2023)
Kvilhaugen gård, Blussuvollsbakken 20 (bus 60 to Kvilhaugen). If you venture out of the centre to get your beer, make it here. Wonderful outdoor seating with views of most of Trondheim. Inside, it's an old farmhouse with plenty of atmosphere. It's also a restaurant with mains from kr 150-300 from the a la carte menu as well as four different 3-course menus starting from around kr 550 per person.
Grafen, Kongens gate 8 (near the market square). A café and bar with a varied menu of foods. The restaurant reinvented itself into Grafen and now serves up a luxurious meditteratnean style offering rather than the more fast-food offering it previously had. It has dishes like steamed mussels. They have an extensive beer, wine and cocktail list (including local artisanal beers) and a quite popular place for just going out for a drink. It is best to come in the evening when the menu is larger.
Fagn, Ørjaveita 9 (In the city centre behind Byhaven shopping centre). A gourmet restaurant which focuses on the produce of the Trøndelag region, it has one star in the Michelin guide in 2019. (updated Mar 2019)
Credo, Ladeveien 9 (Train to Lilleby or bus 2 to Ladeveien.). This is one of the best restaurants in Trondheim, with a stellar wine list and a creative take on local produce. One star in the Michelin guide. (updated Mar 2019)
To Rom og Kjøkken (Two rooms and a kitchen), Carl Johans Gt. 5 (Direct entry from the Carl Johan Gt.). The name is inspired by a tale about a tram driver on Gråkallbanen. The restaurant opened in 2005 and features a three to five course menu starting at kr 545, and an a la carte menu with both fish and meat. Between opening at 16:00 and 18:00 they serve "Today's Bar special" for kr 169. The selection of dishes depend on the actual season and local production, since they try to use as much local production as possible. The wine selection is extensive with a big variety. They also focus on local hand brewed beer from Norway but also including international hand brewed beers. In the weekends they arrange cooking classes.
Bakklandet, a good district for eating and drinking
Trondheim has a rocking nightlife. However, everything closes fairly early, meaning that there's a well developed culture for after-parties in homes. To find one, the northern end of Nordre gate is the best bet, or befriend someone working at the Studentersamfundet, that can take you into the private quarters of the house. They are only allowed one guest each.
Learn the customs if you want a good time: essential words are "Vorspiel", referring to the pre-parties people have before they go out, and "Nachspiel", the after-parties. Vorspiels are necessitated by the very high prices in bars and clubs: the idea is generally to drink as much as you can before going out, spend as little as possible while in the venue, and drink more afterwards.
The stringent regulations governing the sale of alcohol in Norway mean that you can only get drinks of strength 4,7% or less from regular shops. So, only beer. Also, they stop selling beer at 20:00 sharp on weekdays, 18:00 sharp on Saturdays and they don't sell it at all on Sundays. There is lots of alcohol-free beer too, and many people drink it if they are driving — if you see beer that seems cheaper than the rest, check the strength.
If you want wine or spirits, you'll need to find a Vinmonopolet, the state-run liquor stores. There are only a few in Trondheim, and they close early, 17:00 or 18:00 during the week and 15:00 on Saturdays. It is closed on Sundays. The most central one can be found in Søndre gate, as well as in Trondheim Torg mall, Byhaven mall, Solsiden mall, Valentinlyst mall, City Lade mall and City Syd mall.
The cafe scene in Trondheim is the best developed in Norway, with tons of fine coffee-and-cake spots around. Most double as pubs during the night.
Studentersamfundet, Elgeseter gate 1. A big, red, round temple to partying. Major concerts coincide with political meetings, discussions, wine tasting, disco, football matches and... you name it. You are certain to get lost in the mazes of this wonderful house. Fairly empty in summer and on weekdays, but on term time weekends it's good. Expect to pay around kr 30-60 in the door on weekends, more if there's a major concert going on. The place is run by approx. 1300 student volunteers who do everything from serving drinks, rigging concerts, sing in Samfundets choir, play in Samfundets symphony orchestra and hold political debates. Befriend anyone who works there, and try to gain access to their private quarters. Most volunteers are enthusiastic people that often are easy to befriend if you, i.e. a foreigner, show interest. The private quarters are secluded areas where the volunteers hang out after work, and is an even more elaborate maze with some 20 pubs that stay open all night (and day and night again.)
Bar Circus, Olav Tryggvasons gate 27. Small, quite popular pub/venue and almost always very full - but that's not just because of the music or location, but because of the beer price which is cheap in Norwegian terms (kr 36 for L.)
Den Gode Nabo, Øvre Bakklandet 66. Just across the Old Town bridge and down a scary-looking staircase, this is a brown fisherman's pub in an old warehouse. As atmospheric as it gets, they have Trondheim's most lovely outdoor seating in summer. The place is divided between the "grown ups section" by the entrance, and the "student section" further in. Popular among students and all others and not too expensive if you prefer the regular brands. Furthermore, they have an exceptional range of beer and a friendly and knowledgeable staff who are always happy to suggest new things to try.
DownTown, Nordre Gate 28. Near the crossing of Nordre gate and Fjordgata, it is widely known among students due to its pianobar. Cheap beer during the week (kr 19 for 33cl) and a lot of international students, especially on Thursday. According to their home page the bar is closed for renovation as of September 2014.
Many bars and clubs are at Nordre gate, "North Street"
Cafe 3b, Brattørgata 3b. 3b is an institution in Trondheim. Leading on in the "big beer war" of the -90's, it was dirt cheap for years. Now it's more expensive, but it's still an enjoyable, black hole catering for rock and indie kids of every denomination imaginable. Hiphop kids have their own private dungeon down the corridor behind the bar in the basement.
Fru Lundgreens, Kjøpmannsgata 50. In the basement of the concert hall, Fru Lundgreens looks like the inside of a lung but has good, cheap beer and a brilliant jukebox. Crowd is rock. Pooltable in the back. Prices vary on time, but always good value. The food of the day is good if you need something with your beer.
Carl Johan, Olav Tryggvasons gate 24. The northernmost end of Nordre gate is the hub of Trondheims nightlife, with mainstream discos, sausage kiosks and lots of drunk, well-dressed people. Carl Johan is a straightforward pub with more relaxed ambience than most offerings in the area.
Trondhjem Mikrobryggeriet, Prinsens gate 39. A brewery pub offering a range of beer brewed in-house (about six kinds plus a seasonal special). Prices for a L about 50% higher than elsewhere, but the only place in town to offer an IPA and a bitter from tap - along with the other four. Substantial food is served, too.
Lille London (Little London), Carl Johans gate 10, ☏ +47 73 51 80 95, post@lillelondon.no. M-Sa 11:00–02:00, Su 12:00–02:00. A pub that caters to a wide variety of people. They show football games live, and the second story has a billiards room with three pool tables. During the weekends there is often live music in the second story.
Antikvariatet, Nedre Bakklandet 4. One of the most popular, yet laid-back bars in the city. Located in a historic wharf along Bakklandet and right around the corner from Gamle Bybru, they have moderately priced beer, as well as a selection of special brews. Often a good place to grab a cheap bite to eat if you get here early enough. This bar really captures the heart of Trøndersk community. You'll find a very diverse crowd: locals, travelers, younger people, older people. Make sure to check out the back: there is additional seating with the river right below you and the room is covered wall-to-wall with bookshelves filled with vintage books. There are often concerts, open mics, and other events here as well, usually free. (updated Feb 2024)
Dromedar Kaffebar. Four cafés in the city. One of the best cafés in town; ultra-top-quality coffee comes with the typical laid-back Trondheim atmosphere thrown in for free, especially at their Bakklandet café.
Hornemansgården (Cafe Horneman), Kongens gate 7 (right in downtown overlooking the statue of the city's patron Olav Trygvasson and toward the Nidaros cathedral). A cozy and calm old-fashioned café in a large yellow wooden building. Operated by the local association for the elderly, it's popular among the city's senior citizens.
View of central Trondheim within the river bend
If you have an early morning flight or a layover, it is possible to stay overnight in the airport. The arrival and departures halls outside of security remain open 24 hrs a day. It is not comfortable but it's warm and there are benches and outlets on the lower level next to the Starbucks. Additionally, there is free Wi-Fi in the building. Check in and security lines reopen typically around one hour before the first flight of the day. Be sure to have a valid flight ticket ready to present to any security guards.
There are several managed camp sites, some with huts. If you want to go free-camping, get the tram to the terminus at Lian and walk into the forest from there. Some people camp rough in the area around the fortifications of Kristiansten Festning. Do this at your own risk: it is a park. There is an unofficial law in Norway stating that nature is for everyone, you may camp out anywhere if you keep a distance of 300 m from homes/structures. It underscores Norwegians' deep love of the outdoors and their trust in people using but not abusing this precious resource. If you want to camp close to the city, it's allowed to camp behind the Studentersamfundet, under the administration of Trondheim InterRail Centre, during the summer months for a low fee. Contrary to its name, Trondheim Camping 1 is not a campground; it is an indoor mini-golf bar.
Flakk Camping, Flakk ferry terminal (Bus 75 to Flakkråa, infrequent). Close to the ferry terminal for the car ferry to Fosen.
Sandmoen Bed & Breakfast, Sandmoflata 6 (Bus 19 or 47 to Sandmoen). This is a Bed and Breakfast that also has a space for camping. South of the city and frequently served by slo-o-ow bus. Shop, huts and all amenities.
Vikhammer Motell & Camping, Vikhammerløkka 2, Vikhammer (local bus towards Stjørdal or local train to Vikhammer station, day pass not valid). East of the centre near the fjord.
Storsand Gård Camping (local bus towards Stjørdal, fairly frequent, day pass not valid). East of the centre and maybe the most picturesqure of the lot.
Øysand Camping, Gamle Kongeveg 56, Melhus (local buses towards Orkanger, frequent, day pass not valid). South of the city near the Øysand beach.
Trondheim Hostel (Trondheim Vandrerhjem), Weidemannsvei 41 (Bus 63 to Sigurd Bergs allé), ☏ +47 73 87 44 50, booking@trondheimvandrerhjem.no. It is located on top of a hill, fairly close to the centre, Lademoen and the fortress. Clean, efficient and nice. Discount for students or pilgrims (with pilgrims passport). From kr 390.
Pensjonat Jarlen, Kongens gate 40 (near the main square), ☏ +47 73 51 32 18, booking@jarlen.no. Slightly more expensive, but still good for Trondheim. Dorm kr 320, double kr 690.
dead link Singsaker Sommerhotell, Rogertsgt. 1, ☏ +47 73 89 31 00, sommerhotell@singsaker.no. It is a lovely studenthome converted into a summer hotel while the students are home during the summer. It's located near to city center and the University. The standard is simple. The breakfast buffet is included. The hotel opens in the middle of June and closes in the middle of August (this may vary). Be early to book if you want a room with bathroom, although the common bathrooms are really nice too. Dorm kr 260, double kr 698-889.
Olav Tryggvasons gate in the evening
Best Western Chesterfield Hotel, Søndre gate 26, ☏ +47 73503750. This hotel is a piece of England in the middle of Trondheim. It's within walking distance to bus- and railway station, shopping malls and museums. Buses to and from the airport (Værnesekspressen) stop right outside this hotel.
Thon Hotel Trondheim, Kongens gate 15. You will find the hotel in the middle of the historic district in Trondheim, only 50 metres from the town square. The airport shuttle bus and most of the public transportation stops close to the hotel. Fixed low prices; kr 695/895 single/double.
Thon Hotel Gildevangen, Søndre gate 22B. The hotel is situated in the middle of Trondheim, 300 metres walk from the train and bus station. Airport shuttle stops right outside the hotel from the airport.
Hotell Britannia, Dronningens gate 5, ☏ +47 73 800800, britannia@britannia.no. With its 1890s façade, and a matching but modern interior is the most stylish hotel in the city. Its location in Dronningens gate 5 is in the middle of town. It has two restaurants, a number of bars, and modern but stylish rooms. There are also themed rooms, like rooms decorated by well-known Norwegian artists. Prices start at kr 1100/1300 and go a long way up.
Radisson Blu Royal Garden Hotel, Trondheim, Kjopmannsgate 73, ☏ +47 73 803000, info.trondheim@radissonblu.com. Modern palace of glass, brass and marble with 295 rooms. Centrally located, excellent communications, but a little soulless. Rooms from kr 1198/1298.
Rica Nidelven, Havnegata 1, ☏ +47 73 568000, rica.nidelven.hotel@rica.no. Even more modern and located in the harbour, offers a very very good breakfast buffet.
Clarion Hotel & Congress Trondheim, Brattørkaia 1, ☏ +47 73 925500. It opened in 2012, and has a beautiful view over the city from the Skybar in 9th floor. The Skybar is worth a visit, and you can go there to enjoy a cup of coffee without staying at the hotel.
Scandic Lerkendal, Klæbuveien 127, ☏ +47 2161 5100, lerkendal@scandichotels.com. Opened in 2014, with a viewing room on the uppermost (21st) floor with great views of Trondheim and its surroundings. Rates include breakfast. The hotel also has a gym and several conference rooms, and there is free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel. kr 1200.
Generally considered to be the sort of city where little old ladies can walk safely in dark alleys. It is also not terribly uncommon that regular people will go to great strides to give you back your wallet if you drop it, with cash and credit cards intact.
The only "danger" you might encounter are the occasional youths stumbling around in large groups on Friday/Saturdays. The same goes for Trondheim as anywhere else; leave drunk people alone and it's a good chance they'll leave you alone as well.
There are some beggars and rough people. Norway has an extensive social welfare system, and everyone is guaranteed a place to live and a minimum hand out from the government (for single person approx. kr 5000 a month). Beggars are therefore usually people whose economical difficulties are related to excessive use of drugs or alcohol. In the summer, you might also encounter foreigners who have travelled to Norway on the purpose of begging for money. Begging is not illegal in Norway.
Internet cafes are scarce as most people are connected at home. You will however find a few PCs at some museums and public buildings, reserved for visitors, and more at the public library (may be waiting time). Your accommodation will likely offer free Wi-Fi.
Trondheim Public Library (Trondheim folkebibliotek), Peter Egges plass 1, ☏ +47 72 54 75 00. M–Th 09:00–19:00, F 09:00–16:00, Sa 09:00–15:00. Free use of computers for 2 hours, free Wi-Fi.
Main Post Office, Dronningens gt. 10.
The Railway Station has an electronic information kiosk about the city. It has a keyboard but the web browser has no address bar, so you can only click on links to other sites. But find your way to Google (it's possible, be creative), and you can type in the address of the website you want to visit into Google Search.
NTNU University Library. Several libraries around on different NTNU compounds with some of them having PCs reserved for visitors, even though this is mainly for visitors of the university.
Hell is just a short ride away
The two main areas for those who are fond of hiking are Estenstadmarka and Bymarka. To get to Estenstadmarka, take for example bus #5 to Dragvoll. Bymarka you can reach by the Trondheim's only tram line — Gråkallbanen. Be sure to put on a pair of good boots: the terrains of Trøndelag tend to be very wet.
Øysand near Melhus is one of the best beaches close to Trondheim. Get the Orkanger-bound buses. You may also rent a car.
Take the local train to Hell station and get a photo of yourself in the front of the cargo office ("Gods-Expedition"). If you can't be bothered going there, you can still buy a one-way ticket to Hell from Central Station... for that special someone.
For alpine and cross-country skiing, there are two major ski resorts on the Swedish side of the border; Storlien is 100km from Trondheim, Åre about 150km.
Røros (150km southeast) a world heritage listed old mining town.
Kristiansund (200 km west) a city with interesting architecture next to the ocean. If you're with a car, why not continue along the Atlantic Road (Atlanterhavsveien) to Molde; this is often listed as one of the world's most spectacular drives.
Board a Hurtigruten ship; the southbound one goes to Bergen, the northbound one all the way to Kirkenes near the Russian border.
Northwards there's more than a day's drive to the Lofoten archipelago, a little less to Vega (Norway). South you can get to places like the scenic Geiranger fjord, Galdhøpiggen (Europe's highest mountain north of the Alps) and other amazing landscapes of mountains, fjords and glaciers. And, of course, the capital Oslo.
You can of course also head across the border into Sweden, the nearest provinces being Jämtland County and Dalarna.
Hitching a ride out of Trondheim can be difficult. The best spots require a bus ride at the start.
For south/south-westbound travel, the bus stop close to the Shell station at E6, just across the street from City Syd shopping mall, may be the best choice within city limits. Get bus 46 to City Syd and walk, or get the Orkanger/Fannrem-bound bus that stops right there.
If you want to make it clear whether you are going the E6 (towards Oslo) or the E39 (towards Molde/Ålesund), you need to get the Orkanger/Fannrem-bound bus to Øysand (for E39) or the Støren-bound bus to Kvål (for E6). This may be sensible, as the traffic splits roughly in half at Klett/Leinstrand, where the two main roads meet. If you are lucky, a bus driver would drive you to the best available hiking spot free of charge (especially if you are from abroad).
For north/eastbound travel, get bus 7 or 36 to Travbanen stop. Sadly, there are no good hitching spots beyond the start of the highway. To avoid short runs, it may be wise to get a bus or train to Stjørdal (close to the airport), then hitch on the E6 or E14 depending on where you want to go. In Stjørdal, there are good spots at both roads close to the station.
→ Hell → Stjørdalshalsen → Narvik
Ålesund ← Molde ← Orkanger ←
This city travel guide to Trondheim has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!