Yerevan has been nominated for featuring on the main page as Destination of the Month. We may have failed to notice some minor glitches in the article. Please plunge forward and help improve it further before it hits the main page.
Yerevan (Armenian: Երեւան, Երևան) is the capital of the Republic of Armenia, one of the three hubs of the South Caucasus and is home to over a million people (2022) — the largest Armenian community in the world. In Soviet years Yerevan underwent massive reconstruction, following architect Alexander Tamanyan's plan to make a "perfect city" - a Neo-Classical town with wide avenues, resembling Paris, Vienna and Saint Petersburg. As a result, the city is easily accessible by foot and boasts a dense assortment of parks, galleries, museums, and other public institutions.
Central Yerevan is a true jewel of early Soviet architecture. A grid within a circular road, it is also home to many large scale Modern and Post-Modern marvels which are mostly the result of Soviet-Armenian hybridization. In Soviet days Yerevan had already become known as the Pink City as much due to the color of the tufa stone used for building as for the flamboyant spirit of her young population.
Most of tourist Yerevan is concentrated in the city centre, which very compact and easily walkable, with endless dining and entertainment options. The rest of the city is mostly sleeping or business quarters, so a typical tourist will not have much incentive to leave the centre.
Kentron, Centre City, City Centre or Downtown - is central Yerevan, locally known as Kentron or just Kaghak (meaning 'the city'). This is the heart of Yerevan and indeed Armenia. Though Kentron's architecture is diverse, ranging from Belle Epoque to Soviet Panel blocks, the great majority of the centre is in Beaux-Arts tradition. The city centre follows Tamanyan's plan for a circular city with two hubs - grand Republic Square, and the more elegant and soft Opera district (Opera house, Freedom Square and the Swan Lake Park). The two are linked with newly constructed pedestrian-only Northern Avenue. Kentron is also home to the University City, where the campuses of State University, Medical University, Engineering University, Agricultural University, Economics University, Pedagogical and some other universities come together in one big group. Virtually all of the museums, hotels and popular places to eat and drink are in Kentron, so most visitors will probably not venture much past it.
Barekamutyun - Meaning friendship, Barekamutyun is the area around the metro stop of the same name. This hub is home to Hayastan Hanrakhanut (department store) which is more of an indoor bazaar than an actual department store. The hub branches off to Kievyan and nearby Komitas streets.
Monument - At the top of the Cascade steps rests the towering monument to Soviet victory in WWII. Directly adjacent is the Cafesjian Museum, which houses a large collection of contemporary art, including perhaps the best glass art collection in the world. Beyond the monument is Victory Park, and the neighborhood around it is known as Monument as well.
Erebuni - In this district are ruins of fortress of Erebuni, founded in 782 BC by King Argishti. Also hosts the impressive classical Soviet main train station with the famous Sasuntsi David Statue which dominates the train station's square.
Bangladesh - Not to be confused with country in Asia! Not much to offer a tourist, the name however is worth an explanation. At the time this was one of the furthest new districts built in Yerevan, and because of the distance, locals quickly began calling it Bangladesh, which has stuck to this day. The biggest outdoor bazaar of Yerevan is located in this district.
Nor Nork district is the last Soviet project of residential expansion of Yerevan. It consists entirely of standardised Soviet Panel blocs. However, every tourist crosses this district on the way to 'obligatory' Garni temple and Geghard monastery (as the highway to that direction is connected to the main avenue of this district). The main attraction of this district would be the statue of Gay (or Hayk) Nahapet, the legendary founder of the nation; he's depicted as a muscular half-naked man with a drawn bow, but the name has nothing to do with homosexuality (to avoid this interesting misunderstanding most often the name of the avenue and statue is Romanised as Guy).
Even though the history of Yerevan dates back to the Erebuni fortress, making it at least 2,800 years old, little remains of what was small settlement saving the excavations at Hrazdan river gorge, Erebuni, Karmir Berd and Avan. These sites have been excavated, and the artifacts found are in museums today. Being on a strategically important place Yerevan was a constant war stage for rival Ottoman, Persian and Russian Empires. It has been repeatedly ruined by those wars or natural disasters (e.g. an earthquake in 17th century almost entirely destroyed the town). Few buildings of the old Erivan survived to the present-day Yerevan.
At the time of Armenia's independence in 1918, when Yerevan was made the capital of an independent Armenia, Yerevan was a town of just 20,000. Large scale construction began, which took a more holistic approach under the new city plan laid out by Alexander Tamanyan. The plan involved the demolition of much of what existed, in favor of concentric circles, parks, and taller structures. He planned for Yerevan to become a metropolis of 200,000 people.
Yerevan is a very ethnically homogeneous city, though tiny Yezidi and Molokan (Russian) minorities exist. Because the population of the city was only 20,000 a century ago, the vast majority of the Armenians are immigrants themselves, from all over the world. From the villages and towns of Armenia, from Tbilisi which was the centre of Eastern Armenian culture before 1918, from Western Armenia as genocide survivors poured in, and even from the Middle East and Europe in a large, post-World War II wave of immigration. Since independence, the city has become the heart of the entire Armenian world, as the divisive communist governments demise has allowed the Diaspora – larger in number than the population of Armenia itself, to embrace the city as its own.
Many visitors will be surprised to know that Armenia is not just an outcrop of Christianity in the Caucasus, but it is the first country in the world to adopt Christianity as a state religion. The king declared Christianity the state religion in 301 AD. Christianity has been uninterruptedly practiced in Armenia ever since in its own traditions.
The Armenian Apostolic Church, or just Apostolic Church, is the National Church of Armenia. It is very traditional; in practices (but not history) is similar to Orthodox and Catholic movements, and to the Reformed Churches, e.g. the Church of England. At the same time the Armenian Apostolic Church has some strikingly different practices, like allowing animal sacrifices or celebrating Christmas on January 6 along with Theophany.
The great majority of Armenians identify themselves as Apostolic Christians and have their own Catholicos (religious leader, like the Pope for Catholics). Today, the vast majority of Armenians do not attend church each Sunday, with visits revolving around weddings and baptisms, or occasionally dropping in to light a candle. Soviet restructuring of the city left Yerevan with very few churches: though many new ones have been built, and old ones rehabilitated, since independence.
The Protestant (Evangelical) Armenians are rather few in number and have only one church on Nar-Dos street.
Anglican (Episcopal) Christians congregate at (Armenian Apostolic) Surb Zoravor church for Sunday Eucharist.
Orthodox Christians maintain one church in Kanaker district of Yerevan. A new, large-scale, onion-domed Orthodox Cathedral of the Holy Cross is under construction at Yerevan Lake district, visible from the highway coming from the airport. However, this will have mostly symbolic structure as the Orthodox Christians are very few in number.
Yezidi (a religious and ethnic minority in Armenia) religious rituals, as most of that religion, are kept secret, so their practices cannot be observed by outsiders. The largest Yezidi temple in the world, Quba Mêrê Dîwanê, stands in the Aknalich village outside of Yerevan.
Muslims are steadily growing in numbers since the collapse of the Soviet Union, fueled by Iranian immigration. There is one mosque on Mashtots Avenue.
Many Christian sects are also present in Yerevan, and they congregate in schools, sport clubs, concert halls and the like.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmSource: World Meteorological Organisation (UN) 12
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
With a semi-arid climate, Yerevan experiences long hot summers, and cold snowy winters, both with little precipitation. The winter is not a good time to visit Yerevan, due to icy sidewalks and smoky restaurants, any other time of year is worth a visit. Spring offers mild but sometimes wet weather, and lots of green hills and wildflowers. Summer is very hot, but the long, late nights at the cafes, and the fruits and vegetables are amazing. Autumn is the most popular, with perfect weather, and great farm fresh foods.
Tourist info (sidewalk booth on Sayat Nova Blvd, on the northwest corner of Mashtots Ave). (updated Oct 2019)
Tourist info (sidewalk booth at park on the corner of Nalbandyan and Republic Square). (updated Oct 2019)
Zvartnots International Airport (EVN IATA, Զվարթնոց Միջազգային Օդակայան) (14 km west of the city centre), ☏ +374 10 493000. This is the main gateway to Armenia, with direct flights from Athens, Beirut, Berlin, Dubai, Istanbul, Kyiv, Minsk, Moscow, Paris, Prague, Qatar, Riga, Rome, St Petersburg, Sofia,Tbilisi, Tehran, Tel Aviv, Vienna and Warsaw. No domestic flights, as the country is too small.The airport is small, with relatively few flights, so navigating it is simple. Free Wi-Fi access is available in the departure terminal. A single lounge for the departing passengers (accessible to same-day business class ticket holders, airline elites and Priority Pass members) is open around the clock. On arrival there's a bank currency exchange before passport control, then another in Arrivals: both are good value with only a 1%-3% spread between "buy" and "sell" for major currencies, the same as downtown exchanges. The airport bank exchanges all appear to have good rates for major currencies without additional fees, but the non-bank airport exchanges have poor rates. Several decent cafes, ATMs, bank and post branches are all available at the 1st and 2nd floors of the airport. There's a tourist information desk and a touch screen information stand in Arrivals. (updated Oct 2018)
A shuttle bus has regular trips between Zvartnots Airport and Yerevan centre. Buses go every half-hour 07:00-22:00, and every hour 22:30-07:00. The airport's bus stop is located in front of the terminal entrance. A single ticket costs 300 dram. The bus makes few stops on the way where passengers can board or disembark, e.g. France Square, Pak Shuka and Yeritasardakan. On the way back to the airport, the stop at Yeritasardakan is opposite of SAS supermarket or at Republic Square (on Abovyan Street). See also the official airport website FAQ.
A taxi costs 5,000 dram. The official provider is "Airport Services" (+374 98 828200, +374 10 595900, +374 60 430000), and they have a booking desk in Arrivals. There are also people who will ask you if you need a taxi as you exit the terminal. They will often offer a better price (about half price) than the official taxi as they have already dropped off a passenger and are looking for any possible fare back—though you will have to walk a bit further to get to their cab. However, if they try to charge you anything more than the agreed price at the end, claiming a misunderstanding or anything else, absolutely refuse and threaten to call the police. They will accept the agreed price. Also, see the warning at #By taxi.
gg and Yandex.Taxi (ride service apps) offers competitive and honest prices, from about 1,400 dram (Oct 2017).
David of Sasun monument, Yerevan railway station
Yerevan Train Station ("Kayaran" or Երեւանի երկաթուղային կայարանի), Tigran Mets Avenue (Metro Sasuntsi David is reached via the subway). This is a Neoclassical building, a small-scale version of the Stalinist "wedding cake" skyscrapers such as Moscow State University, with a red star twinkling from its spire. The building, square and statue are impressive, but with so few trains the station is often ghostly quiet. The station includes the 'Museum of Railway Transport of Armenia'. (updated Oct 2018)
Yerevan is the hub of Armenia's small domestic rail system, with services once a day to Armavir (1 hr), Ararat (70 mins) and Gyumri (3 hr, plus a faster train F-Su). These, plus the Tbilisi train, also serve intermediate stations such as Echmiadzin and Vanadzor, but are seldom a good way of getting there. Passenger trains to Sevan operate in the summer, but Dilijan does not have train service at this time. See the online timetable - timetables at stations are only in Armenian script.
An international overnight sleeper train runs between Tbilisi and Yerevan, taking 11-12 hr—see Tbilisi#By train for all the details.
Marshrutkas (aka minibus aka converted delivery van) are the chief mode of transport within Armenia and internationally. As of 2022, not all land border crossings allow for visa on arrival. You may be denied entry and turned around at the border, which, if you've come by marshrutka/minibus, means that you will be stranded until you are able to find a new bus or hitchhike back to Tbilisi. If in any doubt, get the E-visa in advance. Failing to do so can result in a very expensive surprise.
Central Bus Station (Kilikia), Tsovakal Isakovi Ave, 6 Building (2 km west of city centre on Admiral Isakov Ave. From city centre, take bus 13 (from Barekamutsun Metro), 23 (from the railway station) or 15, 67 and 75 (from Republic Square). A taxi using the meter would be 500 dram.), ☏ +374 10 565370. Marshrutkas from here run north to Echmiadzin, Gyumri, Vanadzor and Tbilisi, and southeast to Sisian, Goris, Kapan and Meghri near the border crossing for Iran. Local services ply to the airport, Zvartnots town and Echmiadzin. (updated Oct 2018)
Northern Bus Station (Severny Avtovakzal) (5 km north of city centre on the road to Sevan. Get here by bus 113 or 101 from Komitas St., by bus 259 from Mashtots Avenue, by bus 261 from Rossia Mall, by bus 46 from Medical University (corner of Abovyan and Koryun Street), or by taxi for ~1,200 dram.). Northern towns such as Sevan and Dilijan are served by this station. It's quite a way out, and if you're trying to reach Sevanvank and other Sevan Lake churches, they are a further taxi ride from Sevan. The station building is huge and empty, a gaunt mausoleum to the Soviet era (updated Oct 2018)
Gai Bus Station, Gai Ave (3 km northeast of the centre. Take buses 22, 26, 36 or marshrutkas 9, 69, 73 from the city center.). Buses to Garni, Goght and Geghard run from here. It's just an open square. (updated Oct 2018)
Southern Bus Station (right behind the train station). Serves destinations south like Khor Virap (bus 452, 467, 468 ... 300-400 dram), Artashat, Ararat, and Vedi. (updated Aug 2019)
Dilijan – From Dilijan at 08:00, 09:15, 11:00, 13:00, and 16:00.
Tbilisi, Georgia – Some five or six marshrutkas run daily, taking 5-6 hr (via Vanadzor & Debed Canyon) and costing 6,500 dram or 35 lari. They depart in the morning to a very approximate timetable, setting off when full or when the driver so pleases, with the last departure around 13:00. Change in Tbilisi for destinations across Georgia, Turkey and (if you're sure of your welcome) Azerbaijan—these no longer have any direct services to Yerevan.
Iran – There are regular buses. You can get dropped off in Tabriz or Tehran. Tickets can be purchased at Tatev Travel, and other places.
The usual approach by road is from Tbilisi, Georgia. Follow Highway 6 / 7 south for an hour to Sadakhlo / Bagratashen border post, then continue on M6 winding up the beautiful Debed Canyon (great hiking and fantastic string of monasteries, a couple of which are UNESCO World Heritage Sites) to Vanadzor then over the plateau to Yerevan. Reckon 5 hours: the canyon road is being completely rebuilt and widened. It's a much better road after Alaverdi. (Just beyond Bagratashen, another road branches east, close to the Azerbaijan border. Seek local advice before attempting this road, as there are occasional exchanges of gunfire across that border.)
You can also cross between Georgia and Armenia at Gogavan / Guguti and Bavra / Ninotsminda: these routes are trouble-free.
The other approach is from Iran, crossing at Nordooz / Agarak. From there it's a six hour drive to Yerevan: interesting places along the way are Meghri, Kapan, Goris, and Sisian.
Do not even think of trying to cross into Armenia by road direct from Turkey or from Azerbaijan. The borders are closed.
The center of Yerevan is compact and easy to get around by foot. Watch your step, however, as construction sites, potholes and aggressive drivers abound. Cross the street only at designated spots and be careful of distracted or aggressive drivers who do not yield the right of way to pedestrians.
The metro system in Yerevan is quite reliable and modern, having been built in the early 1980s. It is the quickest way around town, and at 100 dram, the cheapest aside from walking. Tickets are not issued, you buy plastic tokens and use these to operate the entry turnstiles. But it's underused, as most citizens find buses more convenient.
The metro is a single J-shaped line covering 12 km. Trains run every five minutes from 06:30 until 23:00: platform indicators count up, from 00:00 when the previous train departed. Due to Yerevan's uneven landscape, the stations are mostly very deep, but sometimes the line runs overground. As with other ex-Soviet metro systems, stations are elaborately decorated, blending Armenian national motifs with late-Soviet architecture. Photography is not allowed. Plans to build two further lines (forming a triangle, like Budapest) have so far come to nothing.
The metro stations from north to south are:
Barekamutyun (ie "Friendship"), Marshal Baghramyan Ave (for National Archive of Armenia, Yerevan Expo).
Marshal Baghramyan, Marshal Baghramyan Ave (for American University of Armenia, Embassy of UK, Lovers Park, National Assembly of Armenia, Presidential Palace).
Yeritasardakan, Isahakyan St (for Abovian street, Alexander Spendiarian Armenian Opera and Ballet National Academic Theatre, Freedom Square (Azatutyan Hraparak), Komitas Chamber Music Hall, University of Architecture and Construction, Medical University).
Hanrapetutyan Hraparak (Republic Square), Republic Square (for Armenia Marriott hotel, Central Bank, Erebuni Hotel, Government House, History Museum of Armenia, National Gallery, Vernissage).
Zoravar Andranik (General Andranik), Tigran Mets Ave (for Spartak (Armenia) Sports Stadium, Ayrarat Market, Luna Park, Saint Gregory Cathedral, Tashir Mall, agricultural bazaar & GUM market).
Sasuntsi David (David of Sasun), Sevan St (for Yerevan Mall, Yerevan Railway Station).
Gortsaranayin (Factory), Bagratuniats Street near the intersection with Arshakuniats Ave (for Nairit Chemical Plant).
Shengavit, 9th St (for shuttle minibus to Charbakh).
Garegin Nzhdeh (Garegin Nzhdeh Square), Garegin Nzhdeh Square, (for Mika Stadium, Yerevan Lake).
More than a hundred marshrutkas routes criss-cross the city and travel to the suburbs and beyond (such as to Georgia). At 100 dram a ride in Yerevan, they are a bargain. The marshrutkas are often overcrowded, and you may find yourself standing, crouched without a seat during rush hour. The route number is displayed prominently in the window, along with Armenian text listing the major landmarks and streets of the route. The Opera (ՕՊԵՐԱ) is an easy Armenian word to recognize on these signs, and is the main crossing point of many of the lines. When you want to get off, you should say “kangnek” or “ijnokh ka” for the driver to hear, or else, just say “stop” in English. The numbers of the marshrutkas are written on the bus stations though and the webpage of the tourist information has the whole list with destinations. Pay when leaving a marshrutka.
Transport for Armenia (Journey Planner). An amazing journey planner website and non-government project run by volunteers to improve public transport, both for Yerevan as well as the rest of the country. Since this service is also available in English and Russian, this website is not just great for locals but travellers likewise. They also have all the prices available. FB. (updated Nov 2019)
Yerevan also has trolley and regular bus lines, operated by "Yergortrans." The fare is very inexpensive (50 dram for trolley and 100 dram for regular bus) and the vehicles are not too crowded. Pay when leaving a bus.
Checkout the Transport for Armenia journey planner, as described above. Also, there is Yerevan Routes for iPhone, which does not give you exact bus schedule but has all the bus, trolley, and marshrutka routes: app.
A statue of a woman in a traditional attire in central Yerevan.
Abundant throughout the city, a taxi anywhere within the center should not cost more than 600-1,000 dram. Almost all taxis with company names on the sides have meters, and prices tend to be competitive among taxi companies. To flag an empty one down on the street, just hold your arm out and pat your hand in the air, if they’re free they’ll stop. Taxis without a logo on the side tend to charge more, and may to try to get more out of foreigners. To avoid being ripped off, either call a taxi from a big company or head for the most modern looking ones which usually have a meter. Make sure that the driver switches it on when you start and politely remind him to do so if he has "forgotten" it. If taxi has meter and the driver hasn't turned it on, in most cases passenger can not pay for the trip. Carry some coins to prevent the drivers from telling you that they have no change on them. Standard price is a minimum of 500 dram for the first 5 km and 100 dram for every further km. A car and driver can easily be rented for day trip outside of Yerevan, for as little as US$20 plus fuel.
The ride services gg and Yandex.Taxi (the official partner of Uber in Russia and several neighboring countries since 2018) offer competitive and honest prices. gg has a flat rate of 600 dram within the center, but you'll require an Armenian or Georgian SIM card to register. Lyft is not available, but Bolt is. Yandex can use a foreign phone number, but install and register in your home country, because the text verification does not always work for US phones in Armenia.
See the Stay safe section below for taxi-related scams you need to be aware of.
Possible, but largely pointless - taxis being so cheap. If, however, you are renting for side trips to the countryside, but are based in the city, take note of the local driving habits. The residents are not aggressive (if you don't count black Mercedes SUVs with Russian plates - these are downright crazy), but not accommodating either. You'll be calmly cut off or overtaken; prepare for turns and lane changes in advance. Police are very thorough; they patrol the center constantly, with flashing lights but no sirens, and pounce when they see a violation (such as crossing a solid line). Traffic jams occur because everyone rushes onto the intersection on green, are then stuck there as the light turns, and then the crossing traffic repeats the same exercise.
Parking in the center is mostly paid (except nights and weekends), but not particularly tight; there are clear instructions in English on the parking columns, but do yourself a favor and buy a weekly pass at the rental agency - at only 1,000 dram, it's a ridiculous bargain (your plate number is then entered into the database and the meter maids check against it). The curbside parking may be at a premium in some places and at certain times; nearby establishments then commandeer the portions of the road out front, and a semi-official-looking "assistant" in a reflective vest might be waving you into a spot if he sees you intending to park there. Accept the offer; the payment for the services is not expected until you depart, and then for the 200 dram coin he will venture out into the traffic and stop it, allowing you to safely back up and drive away.
Churches in Yerevan are open from early morning till very late evening. There is no entrance fee ever charged. If you manage to find the priest you can ask him to bless you and any object (of non-violent usage) that belongs to you (including friendship and other relationships).
Katoghike (Holy Mother of God Kathoghike Church, Սուրբ Աստվածածին Կաթողիկէ Եկեղեցի), corner of Sayat-Nova Ave. and Abovian St (Metro: Yeritasardakan 300 m). The oldest surviving church of Yerevan. It is a tiny structure constructed in typical Armenian style. Katoghike means "cathedral"; the reason for the incongruity is that the present-day church, dating from XIII century, was incorporated whole into the XVII century basilica - but that one was pulled down in 1936. In 2015, the Catholicos consecrated the large white-and-pink Surp Anna church that is now adjoining Katoghike.
Katoghike Tsiranavor Church of Avan (Ավանի Սուրբ Աստվածածին Կաթողիկե Եկեղեցի, Katoghike Tsiranavor church, later renamed Surp Hovhannes) (in Avan district). This is the city's oldest surviving church, which was completed in the 6th century.
St Gregory the Illuminator Cathedral, Yervand Kochar St (Metro: Zoravar Andranik). Completed in 2001 to commemorate the 1700th anniversary of Armenia as a Christian nation. The holy relics of St Gregory the Armenian were given back to the Armenian Church by the Vatican in 2001 and placed in this cathedral. The building is a megalomaniacal exaggeration of traditional Armenian Church Architecture. As opposed to all other churches in Yerevan (and Armenia) the cathedral is full of light and does not carry any stand for candles. The candle-house is a separate structure next door. However, the complex is vastly and visibly unfinished.
Saint Sarkis Cathedral, Israyelyan street (at the border of the city centre, on a picturesque gorge of Hrazdan River, Metro: Yeritasardakan 2 km). From the Victory Bridge (or alternatively the Brandy Factory building) there is a beautiful view on the church and surroundings (structures of different shades constructed in immediate proximity to the church during the Soviet years of forced secularisation). The church is always crowded. Usually there are also many young people as St Sargis (or St Sergius in Western churches) is the patron saint of young people and of lovers.
St Astvatsatsin of Nork (Holy Cross Church, Սուրբ Խաչ եկեղեցու), Nork-Marash (Նորք-Մարաշ) administrative district, near to Olimpos Educational Complex (The most convenient way for reaching the church is using Yerevan funicular. The funicular itself is a special experience. However the church is not immediately next to the funicular stop so you may need some help of the locals at the end. The entrance to funicular is at the crossroad of Nalbandian and Charents streets. The church is in the Nork district of Yerevan - the sleeping quarter of rich.). This is the replica of a beautiful 18th-century St Holy Mother of God (Sb Astvatsatsin in Armenian) church destroyed during the Soviet years of forced secularisation. Because of the sudden death of the benefactor the church complex was never finished.
St John The Baptist Church (St Hovhannes Church), Saint Hovhanes Street (Southwest 500 m from Metro Marshal Baghramyan, near main Post Office).
«Cat» by Fernando Botero
Erebuni Fortress, Erebuni St.(Էրեբունի փող), 38 (Metro: Sasuntsi David 2 km), ☏ +374 10 432661. The excavations, recreations and museum of the nearly 3,000-year-old fortress that established Yerevan. Fairly well- (and maybe the best-) preserved fortress of Urartian Period in Armenia. 1,000 dram.
Republic Square (Armenian: Հանրապետության Հրապարակ Russian: Площадь Республики) (Metro: Republic Square). The city's main square is a grand example of Soviet public architecture. The early buildings (the Houses of Government, the Ministry of Communications and the Marriott Hotel) are Neo-Classical with Armenian hints. The later buildings (the Foreign Ministry and Art Gallery) are Modernist imitations.Within the square, the Singing Fountains perform most evenings April-Oct, dancing and frothing to classical and contemporary music. In Oct 2018 the city mourned the passing of Charles Aznavour with impromptu shrines, images and sound tracks here and elsewhere: the Singing Fountains danced pretty much the same to his best-known tunes as they'd previously done to Rossini's or Sinatra's. (updated Oct 2018)
Northern Avenue (Metro: Hanrapetutyan Hraparak (Republic Square)). Impossible to miss, this pedestrian avenue was opened in 2008 connecting Opera with Republic Square, the two hubs of central Yerevan. It's a post-modern response to post-World War II Soviet Yerevan architecture. It is emerging as the shopping district, together with Sayat-Nova ave., Terian st., Tumanian st. and Abovian st.
Abovian street (Աբովյան Փողոց), Kentron district (Metro: Yeritasardakan). It's home to very few remaining Belle Époque period structures of Republican Armenia. Some gems of Art Nouveau, early Modern (constructivist and the like), and Moorish Revival style can be found in the backyards of Abovian, Nalbandian and Hanrapetutian streets. Most often they are in a very poor condition due to neglect. Hanrapetutian st. might get a special attention if you are not time constrained.
Freedom (or Theatrical) Square. North side of the square is the Opera House, followed by a park full of open air cafés on the eest, from south it borders the Northern Avenue, and on the east the square slowly transforms into park with Swan Lake.
Mashtots avenue, Mashtots Ave (in the centre). It's the 8-lane highway of the city which somehow also accommodates a pedestrian zones on the sides (result of standard Soviet planning of main 'Prospekts'). It is overly noisy because of the heavy traffic (mostly unorganised public transportation) but the parts close to The Opera is a favourite hangout place for the locals. There are three buildings on the avenue which are well worth attention - Matenadaran, the covered market (the interior is now a modern supermarket and mall, but the highly-decorated original exterior survives) and Blue Mosque.
Matenadaran. Houses the world's largest collection of Armenian illuminated manuscripts, and one of the largest such collections of any kind in the world. A display room has a sampling of some of the finest works, and the additional cost of the guided tour is worthwhile. The building is dug into the hill and can withstand a nuclear attack. The white stone statue in front is of Mesrop Mashtots, teaching the Armenian alphabet, his invention, to a rapt disciple (Koryun, Armenia's first historian and biographer), and looking down at the street of his name.
Blue Mosque, 12 Mesrop Mashtots Ave (: Hanrapetutyan Hraparak). An 18th-century Shia Islamic Mosque, one of the extreme few surviving structures of a once (before Soviet secularisation) prospering Muslim community of Yerevan.
Cascades, Sculpture Park and Cafesjian Museum (Cafesjian Centre for the Arts), 10 Tamanyan Street, ☏ +374 10 541932. Tu-Th 10:00-17:00, F-Su 10:00-20:00. The Sculpture Park is a small green zone in the immediate North of the Opera. Sculptures from Botero and other artists of international fame decorate the park. The park is part of Cafesjian Museum - the Armenian version of Guggenheim. The main part of the museum is in the Cascades - an Art Deco version of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon stretching nearly the height of the Empire State Building. It's a massive white stairway up a hillside of central Yerevan, decorated with green stretches, fountains and waterfalls. Higher level of the Cascades give a spectacular view of Mount Ararat and panorama of central Yerevan with its hilariously multi-colour roofs. The first floor and the bookstore of the museum as well as the indoor escalators to the top of the Cascades are free of charge. Adults 1,000 dram, children under 12 - free. (updated Apr 2015)
Train Station and Sasuntsi David Statue (Kayaran or David of Sassoun Square), 71 Tigran Mets Ave (Metro to Sasuntsi David station). Beautiful square and train station with Soviet classical architecture, and one of Armenia's most famous monuments - the soaring statue of Sasuntsi David (David of Sasun), which is often used as a symbol of the city. (updated Dec 2019)
NOT EXISTING LISTING IMAGE Cascade Memorial to the Victims of Soviet Repression (Cascade Memorial) (top platform of Cascade staircase). Monument dedicated to the memory of the victims of Soviet-era murders and deportations, atop the Yerevan Cascade, next to the obelisk that commemorates 50 years of Soviet Armenia. The Cascade Memorial was designed by Jim Torosyan, Yerevan's chief architect between 1971 and 1981, and was constructed in the late 1980s and completed around 2008. Inside the large concrete structure, a memorial slab has the inscription of "To All Your Souls on Fire", from the "Frenzied Masses" poem by Yeghishe Charents who himself fell victim to the repressions in 1937. So far, this monument often has been neglected, but it connects to a major part of Armenia's recent history. (updated Sep 2023)
Aram Khachaturyan House Museum, 3 Zarobyan St., ☏ +374 10 589418.
The National Art Gallery, Republic Square. Tu-Sa 11:00-18:00, Su 11:00-17:00. Located in the same building as the History Museum of Armenia. Features several floors full of mostly paintings, organized by their country of origin. The Armenian collection is the best and of very high quality, the Russian is quite good (Kandinsky, Serov, Chagall), and art lovers will enjoy the European collection as well. As of October 2022, the permanent exhibition is under renovation (hopefully to be finished "this winter"), but the temporary exhibitions are open. 1,500 dram. (updated Oct 2022)
History Museum of Armenia, 4 Republic Square, ☏ +374 10 520691, museum@historymuseum.am. Tu-Sa 11:00-18:00, Su 11:00-17:00. A roundup of the nation's history from early settlements to the twentieth century. Lots of archaeological exhibits and pieces of art give an impression of each period. If you would like to move along the timeline then start at the top of the building. The early periods are amply annotated, but the English (and Russian) tags thin out considerably by mid-XIX century, reappear in the exhibit dedicated to the Great Catastrophe of 1915 (though it's very disturbing even without a single word), and are missing completely for the Soviet era, so if you're interested in the more modern history of the country and don't speak Armenian, a guided tour may be advisable. A "strictly no photography" policy applies. As of October 2022, the majority of the exhibition is under renovation and according to staff, this will hopefully be finished in 2023. For this time, the price is reduced to 1,000 dram. 2,000 dram, usual discounts apply. (updated Oct 2022)
Cafesjian Museum of Modern Art (Cafesjian Centre for the Arts), 3 Tamanyan St. (North of France Square, inside the Cascade complex.), ☏ +374 10 541932. Escalators gallery open every day 08:00-20:00; special galleries open F-Su 10:00-20:00. A modern art museum, housing the collection of Gerard Cafesjian. It has Arshile Gorky, Andy Warhol, Marc Chagall and other big names on display. The collection is very rich in Glass Art, has many pieces of the Libenský-Brychtová couple, including specially made 'For Armenia' series. Special galleries display monumental tryptichons or reliefs focusing on Armenian history. Entry can be made at any level, but information desk, shop, study center and facilities are at the bottom. In front of the cascades, there is a sculpture park with some Boteros and other plastics. Free. (updated Oct 2022)
The Yerevan History Museum, 1/1 Argishti Street (Right next to City Hall), ☏ +374 10 568109. M–Sa 11:00–17:30. Presents all periods of the life in Yerevan starting from paleolithic settlements (50,000 years) to modern days. Ancient maps and the pictures of the lost city, pre-Soviet Erivan, are of special interest. Lift and sloping floors for people who use wheelchairs. 400 dram. Tour in Russian, English, French, German 3,000 dram. (updated Aug 2017)
Modern Art Museum of Yerevan, Mashtots Avenue 7 (North of the Blue Mosque). Tu-Su 11:00-18:00. Houses quite a selection of contemporary art by mostly Armenian artists. On the opposite side of the street, there is the newly opened HayArt cultural center as well as the Eduard Isabekyan Gallery. 1,500 dram. (updated Oct 2022)
Erebuni Museum of History (Էրեբունու թանգարան), 38 Erebuni St, (At the foot of the Arin Berd hill). Tu-Su 10:30-16:30. The museum stands at the foot of the Arin Berd hill, on top of which the Urartian Fortress Erebouni has stood since 782 BCE. The City-Fortress was excavated, some parts of the structure were reinforced and restored, and the fortress was turned into an outdoor museum. The city was built by Argishti I the King of Urartu in 782 BCE. The temple of God Khaldi occupied an important place in the fortress. The walls of the temple were decorated with numerous frescos. The museum houses 12,235 exhibits. It has two branches in Shengavit and Karmir Blur with 5,288 and 1,620 exhibits respectively in stock. 1,000 dram for museum and site; 500 dram for site only. Tour in foreign language 2,500 dram. (updated Aug 2017)
Parajanov Museum, 15/16 Dzoragyugh 1st st., ☏ +374 10 538473. Daily 10:00-17:30. The House-Museum of Sergei Parajanov, a famous Soviet film director. The museum is best known for special Parajanov collages and art that everybody loves and enjoys. It is equally highly appreciated by children, teenagers and the most demanding art critics. Many highest level official informal meetings are conducted here. It is a must-see! 1,000 dram (audio guide 2,000, real guide 5,000 dram). (updated Oct 2022)
Martiros Saryan House-Museum, 3 Martiros Saryan St, ☏ +374 10 58 05 68. F-W 11:00-18:00. If you are a lover of bright colours and enjoy Impressionist art then the House Museum of Martiros Saryan is a place for you. It's a 3-floor structure, designed by the artist and built during his lifetime, both as his home and a house for his heritage after his death. 1,000 dram. Tour in Russian, English, French 2,500 dram. (updated Aug 2017)
Armenian Genocide Memorial (Genocide Museum & Tsitsernakaberd Monument) (Ցեղասպանության զոհերի հուշարձան), Tsitsernakaberd hill (on hill west of city centre). Monument always open, museum Tu-Su 11:00-16:00. An austere monument & museum commemorating the victims of the Armenian Genocide. The permanent collection documents the 19th C community, then its ruthless destruction circa 1915 at the hands of the Ottoman Empire.Tsitsernakaberd (meaning "Fortress of Swallows") is probably best reached by taxi. Walking from town, follow Athens St past the Hrazdan Stadium to Brazil Square roundabout, where a little lane branches north up the hill. Free. (updated Oct 2018)
Museum of Woodwork, Paronyan 2 (At a ring border of downtown). Houses some artifacts of Armenian historical wood carving culture (doors, furniture and the like), and wood-based sculptures by modern day artists.
Hovhannes Tumanyan Museum, 40 Moskovyan Street (E 200 m from Saryan Museum), ☏ +374 10 560021, museum@toumanian.am. Dedicated to renowned prominent thinker, writer, poet, fabulist and humanist Hovhannes Toumanian, with 18,000 exhibited items. Rooms of the Apartment are: Study Room, Guest Room, Dining Room, Children’s Room, Nvard Toumanian’s Room, Balcony, Olga’s Room,
Armenian Railways Museum (Museum of Railway Transport of Armenia), Yerevan Railway Station, Armenia, 0005, Yerevan Sasuntsi Davti Sq., ☏ +374-60-463444 , +374-99-400128 (mobile). Closed Mondays. Presents the history of the Armenian railway, from 1895. Exhibits are labelled in Armenian and Russian, but not English. Several large exhibits are in an adjacent garden, accessible from the museum. A steam locomotive and carriage stand in the station, and are accessed by crossing the tracks at the Yerevan end of the platforms. Free. (updated May 2018)
Eduard Isabekyan Gallery, Mashtots Avenue, 7a. Small but good art museum, commemorating the eponymous artist. Housed in an interesting round building in Brutalist style. 500 dram. (updated May 2018)
Ervand Kochar Museum (Yervand Kotchar Museum), Mesrop Mashtots Avenue 39/12, Yerevan, Armenia. Small museum dedicated to the eponymous sculptor and artist. (updated May 2018)
Soviet Club, 37/5 Sebastia St, ☏ +374 44 019900. Tu-Su, 5PM - midnight. Combination museum and restaurant with numerous Soviet-era household exhibits - cars, appliances, arcade games, and posters. Visitors can actually play the arcade games, dance to 1970s/1980s music, and enjoy food and drink from the era. 2000 AMD. (updated Mar 2024)
Fountain of David of Sasun, Tigran Mets Ave (Metro: Sasuntsi David). Built in 1948, around 460 m².
Zodiac Fountain of Aznavour Square, Charles Aznavour Square (Opp. to (Russian) Drama Theatre after Stanislavsky).
Fountains of Saryan Post Park (Saryan-Mashtots Park). Tons of fountains - including a huge splash pad that kids love to run through in the summer. (updated Aug 2019)
2,750 fountains of Shahumyan Park. When Yerevan celebrated its 2,750th birthday, this park opened a water feature with a fountain for each year of Yerevan's history. (updated Aug 2019)
Singing Fountains. Daily 21:00-22:00. The big fountains of Republic Square with a music, light and of course dancing water show every evening. (updated Aug 2019)
Sunken Fountain. At the foot of the Cascade complex, which itself has many fountains, this sunken fountain with lots of seating is one of Yerevan's coolest spots to escape the heat of summer. (updated Aug 2019)
The Ararat Cognac Factory (Ararat Wine Brandy Vodka Factory Museum), 9 Argishti St, 9 Admiral Isakov ave, ☏ +374 10 547048, fax: +374 10 547-047, info@noy1877.am. The oldest factory in Armenia. Offers tours and tasting, but the people there are very uptight and the place is overrun by tourists. Tour 3,500/5,000 dram without/with tasting.
Levon's Divine Underground (Levon Arakelyan's Magical Cave), Village Arinj 5th St, 9 (8 km from Yerevan on the way to Garni). Levon Arakelyan's wife asked him to dig a potato storage cellar, but instead of this he created a complex structure of stairs, corridors and rooms inside a rock. It took him 23 years to do this until he died in 2007. His wife now organises excursions showing these undergrounds.
Mother Armenia (Մայր Հայաստան հուշարձան), Victory Park, Saralanj Ave (Metro: Yeritasardakan 600 m). Erected in 1967, replacing the monumental statue of Joseph Stalin.
National Assembly of Armenia, Baghramyan Ave. 24 (Metro: Marshal Baghramyan). Parliament building.
formerly dead link Yerevan City Hall, Argishti St., 1.
Walk of Fame, Charles Aznavour Square (Opp. to (Russian) Drama Theatre after Stanislavsky). Stars, embedded in the pavement, commemorating twelve Armenian actors and musicians. (updated May 2018)
Map of the region around Yerevan
Hrazdan Gorge partying (try around the start of the children railway and from there going northwest). Only in summer. Visit one of the themed restaurants in the Hrazdan Gorge to see the locals partying. The food does not tend to venture far from barbecue and crayfish, but it is usually good barbecue, and the prices range from very reasonable to the unreasonable. Check the prices on the hard liquor and wines before ordering a bottle if you’re price sensitive.
Climb the Cascades. (or - before 20:00 - take the escalators inside the art gallery, stepping outside at each level) one evening for the great views of the city and Mt. Ararat, then head across the street to the amusement park inside Victory Park for some cotton candy and a ride on the rickety Ferris wheel. (updated May 2018)
Catch a concert, multiple. on the Cascades or the Lover's Park, and an art exhibition at Swan Lake park or Lover's Park.
Water park "AquaWorld", 40 Myasnikyan Ave, ☏ +374 10 638998. 12:00–21:00, indoor water park "Aquatek" is open all year round without holidays. A water park popular with the locals in the summers, it consists of a big open-air water park and a much smaller indoor one. Anybody can cool down there as in total it offers 7 outdoor and 3 indoor pools. There are also wall-climbing facilities. During winter time, the largest pool of the park is turned into an ice skating rink.
Yerevan Zoo (Zoological Garden of Yerevan), Myasnikyan St., 20, ☏ +374 10 562362. Dec-Apr 10:00 - 17:30. Zoo is home to about 3,000 animals mainly representing South Caucasus and Armenia: bears, goats, snakes, Armenian mouflon and black vultures. Also from other parts of the world: lions, tigers, hyenas and an Asian elephants. It was upgraded and renovated to the modern standards back in 2014. Adult 800 dram, children 12-16 years - 500 dram, children 3-12 years - 300 dram. (updated May 2015)
Football: the national men's soccer team play at Vazgen Sargsyan Republican Stadium (capacity 14,400) southeast corner of the city.
Yerevan is home to seven of the ten teams in the Premier League, Armenia's top tier, so there's sure to be a game in town during the Aug-May playing season. The likeliest to be involved in European fixtures is FC Alashkertdead link. They play at the 6850-capacity Alashkert Stadium, 3 km west of the centre off the road to the airport.
The city's other top-tier clubs are FC Ararat Yerevan (who play at Republican Stadium), FC Ararat Armenia, Pyunik, FC Urartudead link, FC Noahdead link (formerly FC Artsakh), and BKMA Yerevan.
Spartak Stadium, Agatangeghos St (Metro: Zoravar Andranik 300 m). This is a mixed-use sports & athletics stadium just south of city centre. (updated Oct 2018)
Medical procedures. Yerevan offers some world-class medical treatments for fraction of the price in the west. The most common are heart surgeries, fertility treatments, nose jobs, hair removal and laser eye surgery.
Botanical garden of Yerevan. The collection includes more than 200 species of endemic, rare and declining plants. However, after the collapse of the Soviet Union due to insufficient funds the condition of the park started declining and now it needs a lot of improvements. (updated May 2015)
Czerny Fountain Park (near Sayat-Nova and Khanjyan). Popular among the locals
Children's Railway Park, Hrazdan Gorge (Close to Parajanov Museum).
Children's Park (շարժապահեստ Մանկական), Kentron (Metro: Zoravar Andranik 700 m). Yet another beautiful remnant of Soviet urban planning in Yerevan. The park, opened in 1937, is situated in a gorgeous canyon of Hrazdan river and features a children's railway. Though the park and the railway still function, most of the infrastructure is horribly deteriorated. On the other hand the deterioration gives the feeling of a 'ghost park from a fairy tale' even though it is always populated. From Missak Manouchian Park, go northwest through the Kond Pedestrian Tunnel (which is creepy, but seems safe). (updated Mar 2024)
Circular park. (updated Oct 2018)
English park, Alek Manukyan St.
Park of Komitas Pantheon (Պանթեոն` Կոմիտասի), Arshakunyats Avenue (NW of Yerevan Train Station).
Lover's Park (Boghossian Gardens), Marshal Baghramyan Ave., ~21 (Metro: Marshal Baghramyan), ☏ +374 10 224437, info@bg.am. The oldest park of Yerevan. Renovated in tradition of Japanese landscaping with Armenian spirit. It often hosts open air art exhibitions and concerts. It is best reached by metro, station 'Marshal Baghramian' - perhaps the most underused building and allegedly the best in Modernist style.
Lyon Park (Vardavar Park), Argishti, Sasuntsi Davit St (Vardavar Lake).
Oghakadzev park, Khanjyan str (SE 1 km from Metro Republic Square).
Opera park, Mesrop Mashtots Ave. Spend a late night at a café in the Opera park, and outside the Melody Café for some of the best people watching in Yerevan.
Paplavok Park (near Moscovyan and Teryan). Chill out in Yerevan Green Belt.
Saryan Park, France square (west side of Mashtots between Tumanyan and Sayat Nova). A triangular park with a statue of the painter Martiros Saryan is where painters gather to sell their work. Many more on the weekend than on weekdays.
The Swan Lake park (Karapi Lich), Teryan St and Tumanyan St (Metro: Yeritasardakan). ends with the popular statue of the composer Arno Babajanyan, which brings attention to his famous nose and long fingers. The Swan Lake park usually hosts various open air art exhibitions. Ice-skate with many locals at the Swan Lake (next to the Opera House) during winter months.
Tumanyan park (Along the Hrazdan River gorge). Part of its the Tumo Centre for Creative Technologies.
Yerevan reservoir (Yerevanyan Lake), Admiral Isakov ave. (SW 2 km). Built in 1963, total area is  ha.
Victory Park. - Amusement park. Features a huge monument of Mother Armenia as well as some Soviet military equipment on display. Very nice view of the city centre.
The Opera House (the 'soft' centre of the city?). The building is perhaps modeled after SemperOper of Dresden, however it is supposed to be double as beautiful as the Yerevan building is two sided: One side (entrance from the Theatrical/Freedom square) is home to Opera and Ballet Theatre, while the street side houses the Khachaturian Concert Hall. For music fans, attend cheap and excellent performances at the Opera or the Chamber Music Orchestra. If a national dance group is performing, don’t miss it.
Moscow theatre, Abovyan St.
Sundukyan State Academic Theatre (English Park).
Vardavar is the pagan holiday of water (now a church holiday). It is a summertime movable feast that is mostly enjoyed by virtually everyone, grown and child alike: litres of water is poured on everyone by everyone. Some parks have administered events.
Trndez is the pagan holiday of fire (a church holiday). It is observed on the February 13. Huge bonfire can be observed in each courtyard with people merrily singing around, youngsters jumping over and the like.
Yerevan Birthday (Erebuni Yerevan). Yerevan's birthday is celebrated on the second Saturday of October. That's usually a huge event, with central Yerevan being pedestrian only: many stages all over the city for theatrical or music (usually thematic - ethnic minorities, folk, jazz, rock, pop and classics) performances with a culmination on Republic Square. The festival is centered around the Erebuni fortress, since it is the cradle of Yerevan. It is hard though to find out the exact dates for the festival. 2019 was year 2801, and 2020 is year 2802. (updated Sep 2019)
Golden Apricot. A fairly well-established international film festival, usually held in July. Armenians take pride in it.
ReAnimania. End of October (Oct 24-29th 2019). An emerging international animated film festival held in autumn. (updated Sep 2019)
Most of the sights in Yerevan are concentrated in the centre, which is very walkable. Spending a few days visiting the major sights should be enough time, and try to get in a trip to Vernissage flea market on the weekend. Also there are a number of day trips can be done from Yerevan.
Diaspora Armenians may obtain a residency permit to live and work in Armenia without a problem. A 10-year visa/permit for US$350 is available, or for those with the right paperwork, citizenship can be had for free. Non-Armenians should have an invitation, or establish a business to get a work/business visa.
Volunteering in Armenia may be a suitable for those wanting the experience. Armenian Volunteer Corps can organize a volunteer placement and visa for you.
For those of ethnic Armenian descent, there are programs such as Birthright Armenia, which will pay for your trip if you participate in their program.
Tutoring in English is always an option for native English speakers. Demand to learn, and practice, English conversation is high.
Impact Hub - A coworking space in central Yerevan. A number of organizations are also based out of this space.
The Loft Coworking- Upstairs from The Loft Anti-Cafe.
Old Covered Market of Yerevan (now a supermarket).
Covered Market (Agricultural bazaar, G.U.M. market, Food Market No. 2), 31 Tigran Mets Ave/Movses Khorenatsi St (: Zoravar Andranik). Yerevan's largest food market. (updated May 2018)
Antique carpets at the Vernissage market
Vernissage (From : Republic Square a block east). Sa Su. A walk through the weekend Vernissage through the park is a must. From rugs, souvenirs, instruments and paintings, to pets and chemistry supplies, this outdoor market seemingly has everything.
Dalma Garden Mall, 3 Tsitsernakaberd Hwy, ☏ +374 60 461111. 10:00-22:00. Western-style indoor mall with food court and movie theater.
Yerevan Mall, 34/3 Arshakunyats Blvd., ☏ +374-11 888 888. 10:00-22:00. Western-style indoor mall with food court, movie theater and play area. Anchored by Carrefour.
Metronome Shopping Centre, Isahakyan Street 22/10. 10:00-22:00. Pretty small underground mall in the center. (updated Nov 2019)
RIO Mall, Hrachya Kochar Street. 10:00-22:00. Newer mall in the Arabkir/Komitas neighborhood. (updated Nov 2019)
Dried fruits, nuts and confections on sale at the GUM herb, fruit and vegetable market No. 2
Armenian brandy (locally called Cognac as well) is considered one of the world's finest brandies and is accordingly a popular gift to take home for tourists. It was actually Winston Churchill's brandy of choice. There are many stores within central Yerevan centre devoted solely to brandy from the Ararat Cognac Factory; the airport is also a good place to stock up at duty free. As a rule, the more aged the brandy, the more refined the taste and the more expensive. But regardless the series of brandy, in Yerevan it will be an excellent value.
Armenian rugs, new and old are popular. New carpets can be purchased at the Mergeryan Rug Factory for a good price. More upscale is the international brand “Tufenkian Carpets”, with a shop on Tumanyan near Abovyan. Both will add your name or inscription request into an existing rug, or do a custom rug for you. There is no problem with exporting these. Old rugs are found in stores all over town, or in Vernissage. Be sure the seller obtains an export certificate from the ministry of culture for you – or you’re taking a chance that it may be confiscated. Negotiate to have the certificate delivered to you as part of the purchase price, and buy your rug a week before you go to give them time to obtain this certificate. New rugs do not require certification, but keep your factory certificate as proof that it is new.
More fragile, but maybe worth the effort are some of the more exotic jams and preserves made in Armenia. From walnut preserves, to “Sea Buckthorne” (Chichkhan), virtually everything that grows in Armenia is canned!
L'atelier Restaurant Salon Imperial Russian Antiques, Mashtots 37 (near Opera).
General Market, 7/4 Yervand Kochar St (Near to Saint Gregory The Illuminator Cathedral), ☏ +374 10 550785. A supermarket.
SAS supermarket, 52 Komitas Ave (Near to Iranian Embassy), ☏ +374 10 200755. A chain. More units: 35 Isahakyan St (: Yeritasardakan), 18 Mashtots (: Hanrapetutian Hraparak (Republic Square)), 31 Tumanyan (close to Armenian Opera Theater), 85 Baghramyan (: Barekamutyun), 20/1 Qajaznuni, 1A Kievyan
Exchange kiosks at Zvartnots Airport have only a 3% spread between "buy" and "sell" for major currencies, so these are very good value, and downtown is similar. (Western high-street exchanges have about 15% spread, and airports 30% or worse.) However, for less common currencies e.g. Turkish lira the spread is much wider: exchange only the minimum at the airport then shop around for better rates downtown. Stores and restaurants will frequently accept US dollars, euros or western credit cards.
Cash in Armenian dram can be withdrawn from numerous ATMs in the city, but you may have to try several machines before getting money. You can also withdraw money from your card at a bank, but it may take visits to several before you find one that will let you do so.
Stands selling Armenian-style "pizzas" called "lamehjun" or "lahmajoun" are prevalent throughout Yerevan. This cheap snack consists of a thin layer of dough topped with an herb and meat paste.
Mer Tagh, Tumanyan St. west of Abovyan. A small lahmejun joint on Tumanyan, and their lahmejuns have a big following. If you have some extra time and want to splurge, try the manti dumplings or the norahars, a kind of regional lasagna. (updated May 2022)
OST, 20 Mesrop Mashtots Ave, ☏ +374 10 539580. daily 10:00-22:30. Cheap cafe, lots of food options and drinks. Very central, try the Ajarakan khachapuri or the lahmejun. Free Wi-Fi. (updated Dec 2023)
Meghedi, 34/6 Tumanyan, Freedom Square, ☏ +374 96 661890. daily 10::00-midnight (possibly later closure on Su). Cheap cafe, lots of food options and drinks. Very central, next to the Opera at the Freedom Square. Free Wi-Fi. (updated May 2022)
Master Class, 28, 20 Tumanyan St (a couple of spaces from Abovyan Street, semi underground.). Angus beef kebab sandwiches for 1000 drams (Dec 2021), and a few other items on the small, focused menu. (updated May 2022)
Tumanyan Shaurma, 32 Tumanyan St. Yerevan style shawarma. (updated May 2022)
Artashi Mot, Alexander Spendiaryan St. Great place to have BBQ and to meet your traditional fast food cravings. (updated May 2022)
Jengyalov Hac (Ժենգյալով Հաց), 62 Teryan St. Excellent Armenian zhangyalov hats. (updated May 2022)
Subtitle, 21 Gevorg Kochar St. Fresh and tasty sandwiches. Also vegetarian options. (updated May 2022)
Lahmajun Gaidz, Nalbandian 5 (Main entrance, downstairs). Good cheap Armenian fast food, run by a kind and hard working Syrian-Armenian woman. (updated May 2022)
Tumanyan Khinkali, Tumanyan 21 (west of Abovyan) (next to Mer Tagh (above)). Khinkali (sturdy soup dumplings, similar to xiao long bao that came to Caucasus over the Silk Road) with meat or cheese filling is the name of the game here. You can have them boiled or fried; they are priced per dumpling, and 6-8 should be enough for an average appetite. If you try using knife and fork, you'll end up with a pool of soup on your plate; grab the dumpling by the bunched top, bite out a notch in the side and slurp in the liquid, then eat the rest (tops are not for eating, and the dough in them may even come out undercooked). Appetizers (soups, salads and a variety of homemade pickles) are delightful too. There are two bronze figures at the entrance welcoming you to step down, and a giddily over-the-top interior in plush and chintz, with televisions playing Armenian music programs of the Soviet era. from 1,500 dram (May 2015). (updated Feb 2022)
Outdoor cafe with a colour-changing fountain.
Anteb, Koghbatsi St (between Pushkin and Aram Street). A family-run cafe that serves a huge variety of kebabs in a very casual cafe-type setting. The Adana and Urfa are a bargain at about 800 dram each and the Iskender, though slightly more expensive for 3,000 dram (May 2015) rivals the best. The rice pudding is pricey but tasty. Cheap drinks and free fresh hot pocket bread. (updated Aug 2022)
Artashi Mot, Spendiaryan St, across Mashdots Ave. from the Opera. Is considered by many to be the finest place for khorovats (BBQ) in Armenia. Judge for yourself, but not before trying the horti (beef) and sunki (mushroom) barbeques. They are both delicious, when they have them. Other nice alternatives include the fish barbeque and the piti soup. Whichever barbeque you get, get some of the tomato sauce mix that Artash makes to put on your meat, or just to dip your bread into. (updated Aug 2022)
Caucasus Tavern (Кавка́з), Hanrapetutyun near Sayat Nova. Extensive menu of Caucasian dishes in 5 languages plus photos. You can order fish straight from the aquarium. Starter ~1,000 dram, main dish ~2,500 dram (May 2015). (updated Aug 2022)
Old Erivan (Hin Yerevan), 2 Northern Ave. Offers traditional food, songs, dances and the décor will make you think Disney has come to town. Almost a must for any visitor. (updated Aug 2022)
Tavern Yerevan (Պանդոկ Երևան), Teryan 91 (: Yeritasardakan). The place for traditional Armenian cuisine. You'll have to rub shoulders with an occasional government function, a wedding shower or a busful of tourists, but the food is the real thing. Do not be scared by the names of the dishes - the more unpronounceable, the tastier (tzhvzhik, for example, is fegata alla veneziana, offal with fried onions - delicious!), and the English menu has helpful descriptions and pictures. You can go as high as 15,000 dram for an entire baked veal shoulder, but most (and best) mains are in the 2,000-4,000 dram range. (Jan 2018) Do not miss putuk, lamb soup in an individual crock sealed with baked dough, and tolma (any one) is almost like homemade. A very good native wine selection. Live music from 19:30 daily, but the place is so big that getting a quieter nook is not a problem. Three more (smaller) branches in the city - Amiryan 5, Paronyan 7 and Khorenatsi 29. Mains 1,500-15,000 dram (Jan 2018). (updated Aug 2022)
Twelve Tables (12 Tables), 4 Alexander Spendiaryan St, Yerevan (A small side street just around the corner from "the Club".). Very cozy spot with 12 tables, smoke-free, good menu with nice salads, soups, comfort food, and great desserts and teas. Non-smoking. (updated Aug 2022)
Lavash, 21 Tumanyan. Very good menu of traditional Armenian cuisine. The large room upstairs is a more refined white-tablecloth experience, but prices are the same. Can be busy on weekend nights, reserve ahead. Absolutely end the meal with the famous millefeuille cake (layers of fillo and pastry custard); trying to save some space for it is a lost cause, however - the one-serving slab is enormous even for two (and sometimes they will bring the entire 3-foot-long creation, fresh from the oven, to carve at your table). (updated Aug 2022)
Ktoor, Saryan Street (near the corner of Byuzand). Typical Armenian menu, done very well, reasonably priced, with a very large outdoor patio in front on the far end of Saryan Street. (updated Aug 2022)
Dolmama, 10 Pushkin St (corner of Abovyan St). Daily 11:00-23:30. Fusion Armenian-World cuisine. Excellent food, service and ambience. The outdoor seating out back is a way to experience the old courtyards that filled central Yerevan in the past. (updated Oct 2018)
The Club, 40 Tumanyan St.. Has some excellent Western Armenian dishes, including manti, su borek and the amazing midia dolma. The underground space is very hip, and the tea room, when not too smoky is a good place to sit on a bean back and chat. For a budget option, you can order one of their very filling thin crust pizzas, starting at US$5..
Voskevaz (Wine Time), 8 Saryan St., ☏ +374 60 706262. Good menu of meats, salads, starters, and wine. (updated Jan 2018)
Limone, 3 Tamanyan St, ☏ +374 11 656565. 08:30-midnight. Great Napolitano pizzas, nice salads and sandwiches, fancy drinks and desserts, located right by Cascade. (updated Aug 2019)
Asador, 28 Isahakyan, ☏ +374 44 002200. noon-midnight. Surf and turf. Steaks from around the world, and fresh seafood flown in. Excellent wine selection as well. (updated Aug 2019)
Cafés, bars, restaurants, clubs and the countryside on a picnic are all popular places for vodka, the usual drink of choice, with wine, beer, champagne and brandy all popular as well. Most restaurants only sell pilsner-style beers, of middling quality, but some brew pubs and craft beer outlets can be found. Restaurant wine is usually very good.
Drinking in public may be legal, but doing so as a foreigner will get you stopped by the police (and earn you plenty of dirty looks from the locals). You can drink in a car, as long as you’re not driving. Drivers cannot have a drop of alcohol in them, with zero being the legal threshold – and the penalties for violating this are stiff.
The most popular places to drink in the summer tend to be outdoor cafés and café/restaurants. The cafés by Cascade and the wine bars along Saryan are always packed.
The following bars are popular spots with visitors.
Calumet, 56a Pushkin St, ☏ +374 94 359229. Bohemian, friendly, alternative crowd. Insanely smokey (seriously). There is no outdoor section so if you're not a fan of cigarette smoke, it might not be the place for you. English speaking staff and solid drinks selection. A nice place to kill a night. free.
Roza, ☏ +374 41 060460. Small bar with great ambiance in old Yerevan building, and fantastic drinks. Try the Tutovni house cocktail made with the famous local mulberry vodka.
In Vino, 6 Saryan Street. open round the clock. The first wine bar on Saryan Street, that led the transformation of the entire neighborhood is still popular.
Jack's Pub, 21 Gevorg Kochar Street, ☏ +374 96 808408. Good spot for a drink, the bloody mary is legendary and the basil gin cocktail is great in the summer. You'll likely meet some repats here.
Cognac – see the buy section above.
Homemade fruit vodkas – these are not flavoured from fruit like most of the western vodkas but made from pure fruit. The most popular is the Tutti Oghi (Mulberry Vodka), but just as impressive if you can find them are the Cornelian Cherry (Hon), Pear, Apricot and Peach.
Wine – Areni grapes are only grown in Armenia, which is in the oldest grape and wine producing part of the world. Old Yerevan is the best brand.
Compote – if you can get it, this usually home made fruit juice is fantastic. Ask locals, and if some of them have it at home, they will drag you in to try.
Tan – blended plain yoghurt with water and a dash of salt, this drink is often an acquired taste, and very refreshing. You can sometimes find bottled fizzy tan, which is an even more acquired taste.
Yerevan has a serious café culture, and it can be hard to tell where one outdoor café ends and the next begins as they run into each other.
Mirzoyan Library, 10 Mher Mkrtchyan (Petros Adamyan) (Hard to spot inside the courtyard at 10 Mkrtchyan/Adamyan). Started out as a space in a traditional courtyard with a collection of photography books, it's now a café with very nice drinks and creative and excellent bites and sweets. Free wifi.
In Yerevan there are plenty of nightclubs, pubs, karaoke and strip clubs. Popular nightclubs are mainly in the centre, with longtime standbys usually full on the weekends.
Kami Club, 18 Abovyan St (near Moscow cinema), ☏ +374 10 519020.
Champs-Élysées Club, Northern Ave.
Stop Club, 37 Moskovian St, ☏ +374 10 560780.
Mama-Mia. Large chain of karaoke clubs.
Infinity Karaoke Club, 42 Tumanyan St.
Yerevan has a wide variety of accommodations but for the most part they are overpriced. If you're staying for an extended period of time, rent an apartment. Check the AUA (American University of Armenia), local travel agents (Menua tours, Hyur Service) or real estate brokers for rental listings.
There is a good selection of hostels and homestays in Yerevan to choose from for budget travellers.
Balcony Hostel, Hovsep Emin 3/1, Arabkir (: Barekamutyun station (the last one) and from there walk down H.Hakobyan st till you get to a little hill. Up the hill and to the right, it's the small metal door on your left.), ☏ +374 10 264449, balcony.hostel@gmail.com. Check-out: 12:00, but flexible. A small, budget hostel. Offers free wifi, laundry, a kitchen and shared bathrooms that are cleaned daily. English speaking, friendly, coffee and tea are free. 9,000 dram for single room, 6,000 dram for shared room with locker, 6,500 dram for room with light breakfast, 7,000 dram for full breakfast. Between November and May rooms are 5,000 dram..
Envoy Hostel, 54 Pushkin Str. (entrance on Parpetsi), ☏ +374 10 530 369. Check-in: 14:00. Winner of 'Best Hostel in Armenia' Award by HW 2010&11&13. Is centrally located, large and comfortable with free internet/wifi access, breakfast and tea/coffee facilities. All the rooms and common areas are air conditioned and spotlessly clean. English speaking staff is efficient and knowledgeable about traveling in Armenia and the regions. They also have a hostel in Tbilisi and offer weekly tours from Yerevan to Tbilisi with sightseeing and BBQ-lunch included. 7,000 dram w/ breakfast.
Grammy Hostel, 15 Aghayan st.. A hostel, with a travellers' desk, free internet access, breakfast just for extra 500 dram, laundry, TV, a relaxation room where you can chill out and escape from the Yerevan hustle and bustle of the city, and a little garden where you can soak up the sun and relax on a bench. 4,000-7,000 dram (flexible).
GuestHouse, Mashtots 52. They are very kind and it is very clean. However, they are almost always full.
Hostel Glide (Three minute-walk from :“Barekamutyun”). A private house located two metro stops out of the centre, but in a quiet and safe place. It's very close to bus stations, and it is possible to see Ararat mountain from the windows. Run by a very hospitable family. Prices for beds start from 4,500 dram.
Theatre Hostel. A small and cozy hostel 5 minutes walking distance from the main square. It is very clean, has many free facilities, such as Wi-Fi internet access, bicycle parking zone, etc. The prices start from 4,500 dram with light breakfast included.
Yerevan Hostel. In the centre, 3 minutes from the : Republic Square. Friendly, knowledgeable English speaking staff available 24 hours a day. Very clean hostel, showers with hot water available day and night. Wifi available also a computer available for guests. Traditional breakfast prepared upon request, so always fresh. Flexible check in/check out times. Bag storage. 5,500 dram.
Bass Hotel, 3/1 Aygedzor St (1 km north of centre, Metro Marshal Baghramyan), ☏ +374 10 221353. Small affordable 4-star. Doubles US$50. (updated Oct 2018)
Hotel Europe, 38 Hanrapetutyan St. Nice little central 3-star hotel. Doubles US$70. (updated Oct 2018)
Erebuni Hotel, 26/1 Vazgen Sargsyan St (next to Republic Square), ☏ +374 10 580505. 3 star, good value for price, comfort and location. From US$80. (updated Oct 2018)
Mia Casa Hotel, Shara Talyan St 13, ☏ +374 11 355355. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 12:00. Small 3-star. Double US$50. (updated Oct 2018)
Hotel Olympia, 64 Barbusse St, ☏ +374 10 271850. 2 km northwest of centre but compensated by great views over river gorge towards Aragats. Doubles US$50. (updated Oct 2018)
Royal Palace Hotel, 17/1, 4th St, Silikyan district (10 km northwest of centre), ☏ +374 10 31-91-19, +374 10 31-94-84, info@armenianroyalpalace.com. Small hotel, in a quiet area of the city. Doubles from US$70. (updated Oct 2018)
ibis Yerevan Center, Northern Ave 5/1, ☏ +374 10 595959. Very central nice new hotel with very flexible pricing depending, but generally mid-range prices or lower. $34-74. (updated Jan 2020)
Ararat Hotel, 7 Grigor Lusavorich St, ☏ +374 60 511000. Four star going on 2 or 3, many negative reviews. Doubles from US$90. (updated Oct 2018)
Armenia Marriott Hotel, Republic Sq (Metro: Republic Square). International hotel with fine rooms and facilities, great location. Doubles (room only) from US$180. (updated Oct 2018)
Best Western Congress Hotel, 1 Italy St (just west of Republic Square). The Congress is one step down in price but offers the same western feel as the Marriott, and has a large outdoor pool. Doubles US$90. (updated Oct 2018)
Golden Palace Hotel, 11 Northern Ave (In mall off Abovyan St, very central). Pleasant central 5 star hotel. Double from US$120. (updated Oct 2018)
Grand Hotel Yerevan (formerly Royal Tulip), 14 Abovyan St, ☏ +374 10 591 600. 5 star hotel with old charm and modern amenities: roof top pool, elegant guest rooms, restaurant, conference halls, winter garden with 24-hr bar and other services. Doubles US$100. (updated Oct 2018)
Tufenkian Historic Yerevan Hotel, 48 Hanrapetutyun St, ☏ +374 60 501030. 4 star hotel with restaurant near to Vernissage market. Doubles from US$90. (updated Oct 2018)
Ani Plaza, 19 Sayat-Nova Ave, ☏ +374 10 589500. Boxy 4-star, good accommodation for the price. From US$100. (updated Oct 2018)
Hotel Latar, 58 Fifth St (15 km northwest of centre). Way out on edge of city, you'll need a car. The massive circular pool is a sight to behold. Doubles US$100.
Yerevan is a very safe city at all times of day and night for people of all genders and ages - especially in the central neighborhoods where most visitors will stay. Street crime and street violence are almost non-existent: people regularly leave belongings unattended in the street without fear of theft. Nevertheless, as in the most cities of its size, in crowded places and transport beware of pickpockets. There are no scams but you may be need to bargain at stores that do not have fixed price tags, though bargaining seems to be uncommon.
The traffic can be quite rough during morning and evening rush hour, so pay close attention when crossing the street, especially in non-designated areas. Most locals obey street signs and there may be fines for jaywalking.
The most dangerous thing you will encounter here are the taxi drivers, ripping off tourists and even locals. They may take detours instead of going directly—have a map or navigation ready and tell them the correct way. Never ever believe a taxi driver who wants to convince you that there is no bus or marshrutka to the destination you are heading to—this is mostly a lie. Any story that will get them to the point where you decide to take a taxi is probably a hoax.
Also, do not settle for largely increased flat fees or the argument that their meter is not working. Sometimes just pushing the main button on the meter once does the trick— but only one, twice will not display a fare. If there is still the need for payment, calculate the distance in kilometer times 100 dram plus a little extra to settle the mood and head off. In either case, if you feel in a dodgy and awkward situation, you are better off leaving fast and making sure the taxi driver does or can not follow you. But you can always refer to the help of the police, which the taxi drivers won't be happy to deal with. Even the locals know that the taxi drivers are lying, so they might be of help in case of an argument. Just make sure you do not have this argument in the middle of the night with a bunch of other taxi drivers around.
Note, do not settle to anything widely beyond the regular 100 dram/km, because "it is just a few dollars" or so—this just makes it worse for locals and other tourists. This applies especially if you have never agreed on any price to begin with. Also, beware of moonlighting "taxi" drivers at the airport who will try to charge you ridiculous amounts (20,000 dram or more) to get to the city. A taxi to or from the airport to the city centre should cost around 1,600 dram, for comparison. Rumours are, some Iranians once got charged US$150 for a trip from the airport to the city.
Smoking may appear to be the national pastime, and indeed, Armenia has one of the highest rates of smoking in all of Europe. To avoid the smoke, stick to restaurants with outdoor seating, let your taxi driver know it is not okay to smoke (they're not supposed to). There are a number of good non-smoking options, many of which can be found on this map of non-smoking places in Yerevan. The government has announced that smoking will be banned in restaurants and cafes beginning in November 2018, though legislation still has not passed.
Main Post Office, Saryan Street (central). 09:00-18:00.
Internet – Stores offering internet access with PCs are called Internet Club in Armenia. One of them is "CyberStars" located at 18 Avetik Isahakyan Street.
Artsakh / Nagorno-Karabakh (Permanent Mission to the Republic of Armenia), 17A Nairi Zaryan St, ☏ +374 10 249705, nkr@arminco.com.
Belarus, 12/14, Nikol Duman St, ☏ +374 10 275611, +374 10 22 02 69.
Bulgaria, 16 Sofia St, ☏ +374 10 45 82 33.
Canada, Amiryan 1, ☏ +374 91 401238.
China, 17/4 Admiral Isakov Ave, ☏ +374 10 560067, fax: +374 10-707511, chinaemb_am@mfa.gov.cn.
Finland, Tamanyan 6/14 (Opp. to Cafesjian Museum of Modern Art), ☏ +374 91-401623. Consulat
France, 8 Grigor Lusavorich St, ☏ +374 10 591950.
Germany, 29 Charents St (East of the centre).
Greece, 6 Demirchian St (Close to National Assembly of Armenia), ☏ +374 10-530051, fax: +374 10-530049, gremb.ere@mfa.gr. M-F 09:00-16:00.
Italy, Viale Italia 5, ☏ +374 10-542-335. M-F 09:30-17:00.
Poland, Hanrapetutyan 44a (Metro Station Republic Square), ☏ +374 91-426-885.
Romania, Barbusse St 15, Arabkir district (Metro Station Barekamutyun), ☏ +374 10-275-332, fax: +374 10 227547, erevan@mae.ro. (updated Dec 2021)
Russia, Grigor Lusavorich 13a, ☏ +374 10 567197.
Swiss, 2/1, Melik Adamyan St (Metro Station Republic Square), ☏ +374 10 524088, +374 10 529860.
Turkmenistan, 52, Yerznkyan St (Metro Station Barekamutyun), ☏ +374 10 221029, +374 10 221039.
United Kingdom, Kamar Business Center, 2 Vazgen Sargsyan St (Just south of Republic Square), ☏ +374 10 264301, enquiries.yerevan@fco.gov.uk.
United States, 1 American Ave (1 km southwest of Central Bus Station), ☏ +374 10 464700, usinfo@usa.am.
Many of Armenia's top sights are clustered close to Yerevan and are easy day trips, though you'll need your own transport for several:
Garni, 15 km east of Yerevan, has a Hellenistic temple and religious / royal complex, perched atop a canyon.
Geghard Monastery, 5 km further, is carved into the canyon side.
Khosrov Forest State Reserve is in the mountains above Geghard. Several monasteries, caves, and Kakavaberd ancient hill fortress.
Echmiadzin (now called Vagharshapat), 15 km west of Yerevan, is the Canterbury of Armenia, with a monastery and cathedral compound. 3 km east are the ruins of Zvartnots cathedral.
Ashtarak 15 km northwest has St Hovhannes Karapet Cathedral perched over the Kasagh gorge.
Artashat 20 km south has Khor Virap Monastery. Take bus 452, 467, 468 from the Southern Bus Station for Khor Virap; 300-400 dram.
Armash, 60 km south east, has fish lagoons that have become an important bird habitat. It's up against the closed borders with Turkey and Nakhchivan, so expect official suspicion. Photo ID is mandatory for entry.
Further out, more suited to overnight trips (lots of tours available):
Around Mount Aragats are Amberd castle and Church.
Noravank Monastery, Noravank Canyon and Areni Wine Country are 80 km south-east.
To the north around Lake Sevan are Tsakhkadzor, Sevanavank and Hayravank Monasteries, Noratus Khachkar Cemetery, and Dilijan old town.
Jermuk, Sisian and Tatev monastery are further down the road southeast.
The obvious next destination is Tbilisi. On the way, try to see the canyon and monasteries around Alaverdi.
This city travel guide to Yerevan has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!