Nov 17 2009 	What a great hotel!	Stayed two nights. Drove a rental car in from Burlington Vermont airport [thanks, TripAdvisors!] and the Hertz GPS found the address with no trouble. Parked, checked-in and in room in less than thirty minutes. Very comfortable, large room with a nice bath/shower. Clean and fresh. Staff was always helpful, welcoming. Internet access set up in the lobby was a lifesaver, and free. [I think they had wifi and an in-room port, but I don't travel with the laptop, so I'm not sure.] A nice bar across the street, excellent restaurants and museums within walking distance. Close to the Metro. A lovely city, a great hotel. I'll go again in 2011 if they sign the Formula One contract! Parking was $18 per day, with in and out for free, but the desk waived my two day parking because they hadn't fixed the toilet occasionally running I had reported.	
Nov 8 2009 	Good location and nice hotel!	We booked two rooms at this hotel for $60 USD via Priceline. The underground parking is convenient, and we're located right between Rene Levesque and St. Catherine's street. So awesome location! The Bell Centre is right across the street! Each room had a King bed with a pull out sofa (queen size), so easily slept five of us in one room (2 kids, 3 adults); and the other room had two adults.Apparently there's a workout room but I don't know if there's a pool... I think there was. There's only one free internet computer available in the lobby, but I was told there's free wifi in the lobby if you bring your own laptop. I only stayed one night so never found out.The breakfast buffet is decent (about $16 CND ). I'd definitely stay again. And the only downside was the staff service was nonexistent. We felt ignored the few times we went downstairs to ask a question.	
Oct 21 2009 	GREAT ROOMS 	During our travels around the East Coast of Canada, my husband and I had a two night stay in Montreal and after reviews on Trip Advisor booked the Novotel Montreal Center.We were not disappointed. The location of the hotel was fantastic, just around the corner from Rue St. Catherine and close to heaps of reasonably priced restaurants, bars and shops.The underground city access is also close by and this is amazing with it's myriad of shopping and eating options.Our room at the Novotel was huge. I understand from one of the housekeeping staff, they are not all that large so I guess we were lucky. The beds were amazingly comfortable and the bathroom clean and roomy. There was a safety deposit box in the room.Front office staff were efficient but not super friendly.There is a restaurant in the hotel but we didn't try it - must be popular as it was always fairly full with customers.Located across from the hotel is a great pub showing all the latest football games etc.The hotel is approximately 1/2 walk from the old town.We would have not hesitation whatsoever in staying at this property again if visiting Montreal....it was a great stay.	
Sep 29 2009 	great location and service but the room failed to deliver	Spent the weekend in Montreal and stayed at the Novotel downtown. We were there to watch a hockey game, so the location was perfect. You are a block and a half from the Bell Centre and the Metro station, and a block in the opposite direction to the shopping and restaurants on St. Catherine's Street. Also right near Crescent Street and the great pubs and nightlife it has to offer.We arrived before noon on a Thursday, and although our room was not ready, we were able to store our bags. Our request for a king bed on a high floor with a view of the Bell Centre was granted. All of the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful.The room itself was spacious, but a disappointment. Now, I can only comment on our particular room, and of course, this review is specific to that. There was a large, noticable stain in the middle of the carpet as well as on the bench seat. There was mold on the grout in the shower (everything is white, so the black forming spots were clearly visible). The towels feel old and rough and the towel rack had obviously been moved a few times as the markings on the walls to where screws had been before. Although the bed linens were fine, my biggest complaint is the bed itself. It was the most uncomfortable bed I have slept on in quite some time. Don't get me wrong, I have stayed in many not so great hotels, but never have we woken up with sore backs, as we did here. The other notable complaint is the doors for the bathroom. They should be meant for a closet, as they have frosted panels that lack privacy, and no handles on the inside to close them. Just plain weird.The common areas of the hotel (hallways and lobby) were clean and tidy. The elevators were also clean and an added safety feature that after 6pm you need your key to access the elevator from the lobby. We never had any problems with hallway noise, as well as no problem with noise from the street. There is also an internet station in the lobby which was handy for printing boarding passes. We also enjoyed supper in the restaurant in the lobby.Overall we were very satisfied with the location, price and service, however the lack of a good nights sleep (because of the bed) and the cleanliness of our particular room will probably have us considering another hotel for our next visit.	
Sep 13 2009 	Good hotel too far	The hotel room was spacious and well decorated and it had a superb buffet breakfast.The hotel personnel was very pleasant and efficient and the facilities looked great although I didn't have time to use them. The main problem I would mention is the hotel location, since the only transportation available is the taxi. There is also a shuttle service to the airport that runs every 30 min., but I had expected for a hotel with &quot;airport&quot; in its name to be closer.	
Aug 11 2009 	Best Price and Best Location	I have stayed at the Novotel numerous times now when visiting Montreal. There are two things that make this hotel worth staying at…PriceIt is hands down the best price for a downtown hotel that isn’t a pig pen. It doesn’t have a lot of frills but the rooms are clean and modern LocationYou are steps away from both St Catherine Street and The Bell Centre. If you are coming to town for shopping or an event at the arena you cannot beat this location. The other stuff…Bed – comfortable… no issuesBathroom – clean, modern… no issuesRoom Size – This will of course depend on the room you get. Some are quite large but in general the rooms are standard hotel size. Internet – 9 bucks a day… this is about average for most citiesFood – I’ve only had the buffet breakfast. It is somewhat expensive as most hotel dining is, but it is quite good with lots to eat. If you wake up really hungry it is well worth it. If you have the munchies in the evening there is a little pizza shop just across the street which is good. Staff – always been helpful and politeNoise - This has always been the sticking point for me when it comes to Novotel. On some occasions and depending on your room location it can be quite noisy. Because of its great prices it tends to attract a rowdier bunch. Montreal itself is also a noisy location at night and this hotel is right downtown. I'm a light sleeper so sometimes its rough. Overall if you are going to Montreal with some friends for a concert, shopping and/or night on the town this is the place to go. If you are coming on business or a romantic getaway you may want to try Le Crystal or W… but expect to pay a lot more.	
Aug 10 2009 	Everything was great...except for service.	I traveled with some friends for a weekend in Montreal. We booked two rooms at Novotel around ~$135/room. The location is wonderful; it is only a few minutes away from shopping, restaurants and night life! Everything is accessible by foot! We drove from Boston and left our cars in the hotel's parking lot ($18/day per car). Space is limited and some spaces are difficult to get into. The parking attendant shows you where to park. Check-in was smooth. Half of us arrived early and even though the rooms were booked under my friend's name, Kaela at the front desk allowed us to check into one of the rooms. I just had to give my friend's name and my credit card. The double room was spacious but the lighting was strange - the room wasn't very well lit and only has spots of light around the room. The doorway was well-lit however. The double beds were rather small, full-size, instead of the usual queen that I'm used to in the US but nevertheless, they were adequate. The hotel's pillows fell flat very quickly and did not offer much head/neck support. The bathroom on the other hand was clean and had plentiful lighting. The shower head was strange as well and did not point outward downward. One would have to stand directly under the shower head. Otherwise, as the other reviews have said, don't touch the mini-bar unless you plan on using it, it's touch sensor and you get charged automatically. The picture clarity of their TV was bad considering that they did have new flat panel televisions and not many channels were available. Since we didn't spend a lot of time in our rooms, the TV wasn't a big issue. Internet with the ethernet cable is $10 for $24 hrs. Overall, the rooms were very clean and comfortable.The hotel doesn't have a pool or jacuzzi. The gym is small and limited. They do have the standard soda machine and ice machine in the halls. My friends and I did not eat at D'or, the hotel restaurant but it was priced as other restaurants were in the area.I had an incident where I had left a small plastic baggie of brand new contact lenses on the bathroom counter next to the water glasses. My friends and I left for the afternoon and when we returned, the baggie of contact lenses was gone. I thought that the maid must have thrown them away. I called the front desk to file a complaint and the person I talked to said she would speak to housekeeping. She called me back 15 min later and told me that housekeeping was not allowed to throw away or touch anything on the bathroom counters but anything left on the floor would probably be thrown away. I replied that I was positive that I had left them on the counter and that the maid had definitely touched the counter because all of my friends' toothbrushes and toiletries had been moved. Again, the front desk said she would speak to housekeeping again. I did not receive an apology. I also never received a call back. So, be careful where you leave your personal things! They may get thrown out or taken! Overall, considering that it is Montreal and we stayed at a fairly nice hotel, the value is pretty decent.	
Aug 8 2009 	Brilliant	This hotel is great you get your money's worth. The staff are nice and the hotel is very trendy, and the hotel has an amazing restaurant.	
Aug 4 2009 	Wonderfull stay with a minor disturbance.	This a fantastically well located hotel, in the heart of Montreal. The rates were fair and the room was quite acceptable. There was some noise issues, but that is to be expected when going to Montreal during the weekend, and anyways the night staff took care of that in a hurry. One major issue we had was with a certain staff member. While checking us in, he greeted us and other guests like a drone, lacking interest, wasn't very helpful and at some point we felt like we were disturbing him. This is not to say that all staff members were like that... far from it actually!! Other members of the staff were kind, attentive and cheerful, while he seemed bored and had a way of speaking with some of the other guests that seemed a bit harsh and even borderline rude!..... Again, this was but one person, but he left quite an impression on us both...	
Jul 28 2009	Good Location	The location of the hotel is very good, shops are nearby. A lot of restaurant/night life in the area, but not convenient stores.The room and toilet are pretty clean. But the shower curtain is bit weird, we get a lot of water on the floor. The internet is not free, and it is not fast. Overall, it is pretty good, I would stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great location reasonable prices clean	I would definitely return for another stay at this hotel. It is in a great location close to all the fun things to do in Montreal. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable. This is a great hotel!	
Jul 13 2009 	EXCELLENT!!!	If you are going to stay in Montreal, this is the place to stay! The rooms are awesome, the location is great and the staff was the best hotel staff I had ever come across. Maria and Christine at the front desk were so helpful to us!My car was stolen from the Biodome after we had already checked out, and upon returning to the hotel they gave us the lowest rate they could, looked up car rental companies, train schedules, flight schedules, etc.....ANYTHING they could do to help us!Parking here is $18.00 a day, but you can rest assured that your car is safe here! You need your parking ticket to exit the lot and there are cameras in the lot also.There was a bit of noise coming from the neighboring room one night and the hotel took care of it immediately! I can't say enough great things about this hotel and the staff...if I ever return to Montreal I would stay here in an instant!My only advice is that if you're American and drive to Montreal.... BE CAREFUL WHERE YOU PARK!!! Stay at the Novotel and take the Metro or taxis everywhere! AFTER my car was stolen was when I heard that car theft is a problem here! If only I had known before!	
Jul 7 2009 	Good Location; Great Buffet Breakfast	We stayed one night on our way to Quebec City. We were travelling with teenagers and grandparents. We walked down to Old Montreal (30 minutes away and downhill, but manageable) for dinner. The rooms were fine; the beds were very comfortable - the only complaint was some staining on the carpet in our room. The best part was the buffet breakfast which was worth the $16 per person charge - you get off to a good start for the day and don't really need much lunch. The neighbourhood is charming and quiet and the hotel is mid-sized; not too large. We did not have time to explore the shopping on Rue St Catherine. I would recommend this hotel as good value for the money.	
Jun 21 2009 	great price clean and tidy modern rooms	Tip #1 - Shop around for a good price on the internet and tell them about it when you call, they'll match it. We got it for $109 a night.Great location! You can see the Bell centre from the room. One block away from main shopping on St. Catherine st. (a lot of shopping) One block away from main restaurant area on cresecent st. (we ate at Pino's, Dundee's, and Enzo's. all good). Rooms were clean and decent. Ask for a &quot;renovation&quot; room which is renovated and kinda ikea-like. Flat screen tv in room. One public use computer in the lobby. Although wireless available for free in lobby. People at front desk were very helpful with attraction and restaurant tips. Gym wasn't as nice as the picture on the internet, but wasn't too bad. Limited number of tv channels in the gym, but not in the room. No body lotion in room. About a 5 minute walk to the Metro. Definitely go to old montreal. It's beautiful.	
Jun 2 2009 	great hotel for the value	Nice hotel for this value . Very good location (1/2 block from shopping and 1 block from restaurants). Very helpful front desk. We had a problem with the safe, they fixed in 2 minutes (seriously); had a problem with TV, fixed in 3 minutes. Also we booked parking under the hotel for $16 a night. On Saturday night we took our car to go to Old Town. When we came back at 2 am, parking was full. Front desk helped us to find a free parking outside of the hotel and reimbursed us for the whole 24 hours. Fast and very helpful.As another people mentioned, bottles of water and mini bar is touch sensitive. They will charge you if you will move bottles or open mini bar. On your check in they will tell you this right away. In case if you accidently move bottles you should call them right away.Love Montreal, can’t wait to come back.	
May 24 2009 	Great location great room but missing all the little things	Nice room , very modern and wonderful location 1 block off saint catherines and crescent. All the little inconveniences however mean I won't be back. Few television channels (no satellite), no wine opener (not even to borrow from restaurant), no ice bucket, complimentary wifi in lobby only, locked fridge etc made stay frustrating.	
May 23 2009 	2nd Stay great hotel 2 minutes from Bell Centre	Clean rooms, helpful &amp; friendly staff, decent rates and about a 2 minute walk from The Bell Centre.	
Apr 8 2009 	Was very nice for the night we were there	This hotel is a $35 set rate cab fare from the airport. Free internet in the lobby. A 15 minute walk into the centre of town.	
Mar 25 2009 	Great staff terrific location!	The best part of this hotel was the staff. Everyone was very professional and very helpful. I would recommend it based on the staff alone.This hotel is in a great location if you are attending a game at the Bell Center. If you are here on the weekends or gameday, there is a little bit of a party atmosphere on the street below. I liked that, but you may not enjoy the noise. It wasn't loud noise, but if you want quiet, you'll probably want a room at the back of the hotel, or a different hotel altogether.The rooms were just right, and the beds were very comfortable. The only downside to the room was the bathroom and its nontraditional doors. If you are sharing a room with someone and want a little privacy while you are in the bathroom, it could be a little awkward.	
Jan 12 2009 	if you really love IKEA...	Overall everything looks pretty nice and stylish, and the staff were quite friendly.Far from perfect, though, and a lot of style over practicality. For instance, the bathroom door is translucent glass. Why? What possible reasoning could make a glass door on the bathroom a good idea? If some designer wants to do this in a private residence and the residents don't mind, then fine. But in a hotel it's absurd. Not only are there the obvious privacy issues, but if someone gets up to use the bathroom in the middle of the night, the bathroom light floods the entire room, waking everyone else. Ridiculous. The toiled is also quite oddly placed UNDER the bathroom counter. Not a major issue, but quite strange. There are about a half dozen different lights and lamps around the room. While I admit a number of them are trendy and stylish, the room is still too dark to comfortably read a book with ALL of those lights on. I can appreciate modern design, even cheapish IKEA modern design, but it should never interfere with comfort and functionality, especially in a hotel.Otherwise it was alright. Pretty well located to do some sight-seeing in Montreal. It's also in the middle of what appears to be the business district. Parking and Wi-Fi are not free; a little disappointing in the 21st century.The room service menu looked great, if a bit pricy.If you end up staying here, you can certainly have a perfectly acceptable experience, but I would honestly recommend looking at other hotels in the price range first. Just too many dumb, easily-avoided flaws.	
Jan 11 2009	Nice hotel shame about Montreal...	Stayed two nights over new year, it was a very pleasant hotel, good decor and the room was very comfortable (even though the bed was a bit too hard for me).Check-in was quick, I was a little disappointed that the hotel doesnt have a pool - although there are some fitness facilities.There is free internet on one terminal in reception, which is quite weird as I stood there I was approached twice by people presuming that I was working at the hotel.I did have a positive stay here, no problems at all. Seems to be lots of young Americans come over for some party time in Canada. I was a bit disappointed with what Montreal had to offer, I didn't see its attraction.	
Jan 4 2009	Great Downtown Hotel Close to Everything	I stayed at the Novotel in Montreal over the New Years 2008/2009 and wasn't disappointed. As others have mentioned, the best thing about the hotel is its' location - close to Centre Bell and 1/2 block from St. Catherine Street (the main shopping street and just around the corner from the Apple Store) in a very safe area.I took a VIA Rail Canada train from Toronto (5 hours and about $100) to the Gare Centrale station and simply walked to the hotel with my luggage. Another alternative is to take the subway from the station right under the train platfoms to the Peel station for only $2.75 (or less if you purchase more than one ticket). While I was at the hotel there was a New Years celebration going on and still the hotel was very quiet. The new Novation Rooms are newly remodeled and everything was quite modern, clean and working perfectly. I also liked the central heating and air conditioning because I can't sleep in hotels where they use under-window units that must be left on and make lots of noise.The rooms also had flat panel televisions with an equal mix of French and English language channels, a refrigerator and safe.The bed, while large, was a little too hard for my personal preference but I still got a good sleep. If coming to/from the airport (P.E. Trudeau/Dorval) and wish to save some money, there is a $15 airport bus from the downtown bus station above the cities main metrol station (Berri/UMBQ). I took the metro from the hotel to bus and the bus to the airport and was there in under 60 minutes. Very efficient (the bus leaves every hour on the hour) and cheap.	
Dec 16 2008 	Good Hotel Perfect Location	I stayed at the Novotel Centre-Ville for four nights while on business in Montreal. Just before I arrived, the city was hit with an inch or two of freezing rain followed by a foot or two of heavy snow leaving the streets cold and treacherously slippery. I was sure glad of Novotel's central location. Within a few blocks, there are lots of dining, drinking and shopping choices, as well as easy access to the Metro.As for the hotel, I had a good stay. The room was clean and well-appointed with a sofa, king bed and flat screen TV. The bed was really, really comfortable. Closet and drawer space were a little limted, as conventional furniture has been replaced with modern, modular stuff. Seeing as I was there only four nights, that wasn't a problem for me. The staff were friendly and helpful. Room service and breakfast in the restaurant were both good. I'd definitely choose Novotel again in Montreal.	
Dec 7 2008 	excellent value!	I stayed at this hotel for a weekend in August for a stag, and we had a blast. The hotel itself was situated in a prime location as we walked to wherever we wanted to go, eat, clubs, etc etc...the check in was easy, and the staff was polite! The rooms and bathrooms were huge, and the maids did an excellent job in maintaining it for us. We paid to park our rental car in the basement, which was pretty expensive, but again, we didnt drive anywhere, so we saved on petrol as well!This is an excellent hotel at great value, and I will definitely be going again.	
Nov 17 2008 	Awesome if your here for a Canadiens game!!	We stayed at the Novotel in February after taking Greyhound bus from Sault Ste Marie, Ontario. We are huge Canadiens fans and were in Montreal for a game. The Novotel is super close to the Bell Centre. We could see it clearly from our room, it was literally across one street and a parking lot. The hotel was very nice, clean and the staff were helpful (even for us out of towners who do not speak french) The restaurant in the hotel is very expensive, but the hotel staff reccommended a place called &quot;Egg-Spectations&quot; for breakfast, which is amazing!, and only about 3 blocks away. The only weird thing about this hotel was the bathroom doors in the room. They were small double doors that didn't lock and were kinda see through.	
Nov 13 2008 	Nice Hotel.Great Location.Would Stay Again	The Novotel was a nice hotel in a great location for those who want to shop and enjoy the bar/club scene in Montreal. It is a 1 minute walk to Rue St. Catherine and only 2 blocks from Rue Crescent (the main entertainment area).It is about 15-20 minute walk form Oldtown Montreal. Rooms were spacious and clean and the staff at the front desk were very helpful. The hotel has secure underground parking. Just let them know at checkin that you parked there and they will give you a different pass that allows you to come and go. The cost is fixed and added to your bill on checkout. There is a great little English style bar accross the road called Ye Olde Orchard and a nice breakfast place on Rue St. Catherine called Mikes (I think!). Definitely recommend.	
Nov 3 2008 	Novotel was a pleasant surprise	The Novotel was very clean, well run, and conveniently located. Upscale shopping was only a block away, great pubs and restaurants were almost right outside the door. The rooms were quiet and proved to be a great . About $ 60 less than the Hilton Bonaventure or Delta Centre.	
Oct 10 2008	Ok stay while attending a wedding at the Mount Stephen Club	This hotel is in a good location, but is average at best.Rooms were surprisingly small yet the beds were very comfortable.We stayed in a Novation Room ( the better ones ) but it was woefully basic. breakfast was included in the room rate and we received a discount group rate on account of attending the wedding of our cousin in Montreal. The breakfast was lovely and could not complain about the food quality. The radio in the room did not work properly, having a great deal of static. The staff at reception were merely average in demonstrating customer service. Overall, had a lovely time at the wedding and loved Montreal, but would not stay at this hotel again	
Sep 18 2008 	Pretty happy with Novotel	This was a no frills hotel, however the location was excellent. Walking distance to shopping and restaurants, right in the center of downtown. We stayed 4 nights and although the room was on the 4th floor and was overlooking a dumpster and an alley, I was pretty happy with the room itself and the staff of the hotel.It was a pretty good value for the money and you couldn't ask for a better location. We didn't use the restaurant, so I can't comment on it.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great Hotel	What a great hotel !!! The room we stayed in was nice, contemporary and clean, no complaints there. The view from the room was nice and the location was great !!! It was so close to so many bars, restaurants, shopping etc. and close walking distance to the metro. By the way the metro is an easy and convenient way to travel around Montreal. The hotel staff was very pleasant and made the check-in and check-out process very easy and quick. We did not eat at the hotel’s restaurant but it was always busy and it looked really nice and they had a really nice set up for those who preferred to sit outside. Hopefully, we will get to go back to Montreal next year and we most certainly will be staying at Novotel again ! (please see picutres)	
Aug 11 2008 	Loved loved the Novotel in Centerville Montreal!	We booked our trip through Travelocity as we have done in the past. We arrived at our hotel in St. Laurent about 10 min. from downtown Montreal only to find that they had no reservation for us. We contacted Travelocity and chose to take the refund and find a hotel on our own in the center of town. We inquired at about six hotels and they were all sold out...not only was there a NASCAR race that weekend, but there was a Gay Pride celebration and the 400th Anniversary of Quebec City...so most hotels had been booked quite in advance. A lovely concierge at The W suggested that we try a brand new hotel called Crystal, they were very charming, but did not have any rooms available. We turned the corner and saw a smaller hotel called Novotel, we had stayed in a Novotel in London and knew they were nice. By this time it was about 10 p.m. and were delighted to be welcomed at this wonderful place. We were on the 8th floor and had a fabulous view of the city. The room was very spacious with a king size bed and pull out queen couch. One of the things that is always important to me is having a place to put on my makeup other than in the bathroom...it actually had a nice vanity with mirror and lighting which worked very well. Also, sometimes we get too tired to go out to dinner and we did order room service twice; you can also order breakfast to your room the night before. There's also underground parking for $18/day. All in all, it was a lovely trip, we took in a symphony and went to several fine museums. Although we did some very fine dining, we actually lost weight because we did so much walking! Ciao, Verhie	
Jul 31 2008 	Great hotel	Booked via Air Miles, and chose the hotel for its central position and 4 star comforts. We weren't disappointed. Great spot for access to shops, restaurants etc. About 20 -30 minutes walk from old Montreal, and the nearest metro is 10 minutes away, so this hotel might not be so good for those who didn't fancy a bit of walking. However, it's only ten minutes from the station so taxis wouldn't be expensive if arriving that way; nor would they be particularly costly within the city itself. Excellent room size, reasonably priced and varied room service - good food too. Didn't eat in the restaurant as you're spoiled for choice nearby, but one night when we ate in it was great quality. Very friendly and helpful staff. Within the room the shower head appeared blocked, so flow was poor. We didn't bother reporting it as it was over a weekend. When we checked out Monday they said we should have done as they have a technician available at weekends and would have fixed it.	
Jul 22 2008 	Great Location and Price	I loved the hotel for its location to nightlife in the city and shopping (I did none), The Staff was excellent. The rooms were one size with a king in each, but it was enough room. No large suites that I knew of. The gym was sparce. The restaurant was good. I would strongly consider returning to this hotel. This was my first time at this chain.	
Jun 15 2008 	Good Hotel - Location - and Service for the $$ in dwntwn Montreal	Don't expect a five star hotel experience here but you should be very pleased. Hopefully as much as we were. When making reservation ASK TO BE BOOKED INTO A RENOVATED NOVATION ROOM. If you read other's reviews i think this made the big difference for our stay.This hotel is close to everything downtown 1blk Bell Centre - 1blk St. Catherine's and a block from Crescent.We stayed here for the final (Game 6) of the Montreal Canadians/Philadelphia Flyers Stanley Cup Playoff series. For that time the room rate was near best i could get in the city for a mid level hotel. I booked on the Novotel website @ $149/night. King w/pull out sofa. Book the NOVATION ROOM (these are the rooms they have recently upgraded) Fairly large room, large desk area, Flat screen TV. Comfortable bed/linens and a clean bathroom. Parking is $18 extra but well worth it underground and secure with unlimted in-out access your entire stay.I have stayed in many Novotel's throughout Europe so i knew what to expect. This chain - worldwide is just about the same anywhere you go. Clean - simple - tasteful rooms (no extra frills). Streamlined frontdesk (contrary to other's reviews we had no problem - i am American from Upstate NY and got no attitude what so ever from anyone... We were even rooting for the Philadelphia Flyers that night but still no problems.)I had asked for a non smoking room but none were available at reservation time. We could have waited at checkin to get one but decided not. They put us in a newly renovated (NOVATION) room on the 3rd floor facing rue de la montagne with nice view of the streetlife and also could look across and see the Bell Centre activity. As far as the smoking room - i was pleasently suprised and it really didn't bother us. I ran the airconditioner to &quot;condition&quot; the air and it worked great as a aircleaner.As others have said before: BEWARE OF THE STOCKED FRIDGE - YOU TOUCH IT INSIDE AND YOU WILL PAY FOR IT !!! Definately the hotel to stay in during the hockey season if you are catching a game at the Bell.	
Jun 9 2008 	disappointed will not return	We booked a 3 nights getaway thru the hotel website at $143.2/nite. We booked a Superior 1 King Bed and 1 Sofa, we received 1King Bed and 2 chairs. Our room was on the 4th floor, facing an alleyway, with an old red brick apartment and a big blue garbage dumpster right across the lane. We were &quot; morning called&quot; every morning at 5:30AM when the garbage collectors came to empty the dumpster. Room is a fair size but lacks lighting, needs a fllor lamp where the chairs are if one is to sit there to read. Bathroom floor hardly vacuumed for the duration of our stay as we noticed hair on the light colored tiles. Do not expect thick fluffy towels, they were really washed thin and one day, I found someone's strand of long hair in a towel. Not sure if the room floor was vacuumed as the carpet is a darker color. Room is equiped with a small bar fridge but make sure you do not touch anything as everything in there, as well as the few boltles of water on the dresser, is tagged with sensors and they charge you if you happened to break the sensors. I did not check out the cost of these items. Did not use the restaurant on site. One front staff we had to deal with on 2 mornings had a real attitude problem. Never mind a smile, there was not even eye contact when we talked to her and all answers were one worded. The location is excellent, just steps from Bell Centre , 1/2 block to St. Catherine's and a block from Crescent. We were able to walk everywhere, including China Town, Old Port, St Denis, undergroung city...A large number of rooms of this hotel face the alley way I mentioned above or an inner courtyard with no view whatsoever. Ask for a room that faces rue de la montagne if possible. Only stay there if you can get a good rate and do not expect too much, not even a free daily newspaper.	
Jun 3 2008 	Novotel: No-Gotel overpriced and very misleading website	Looking back at the website after my stay, I cannot believe the photos are actually the same hotel. I actually checked the address carefully to make sure. The website pictures were SO misrepresentative of at least my room. I may have been given a bad room since I got a relatively decent (though not cheap) rate on their website. I had a wall with a dent that had been poorly plastered over, the bedcover was outdated and unattractive, I had a view of the interior vents for the hotel... it was just awful. Positives: the room was large and the staff were friendly. I'd have to call this the no-gotel. I very much regretted not staying at another of the downtown options for my conference, and would definitely not return.	
May 18 2008 	Great Location Great Value	I stayed here for five nights. It was one of the conference hotels for a meeting I was attending, and even at a conference rate (which is often higher than the regular rate for the same hotel, go figure) it was a much better deal than what other hotels in downtown Montreal were charging.I had a room with two queen beds on the 8th floor, close to the elevators and to the housekeeping supply room. Surprisingly (and happily) the room was very quiet. I was a little concerned that the room faced toward rue Crescent, the notorious bar/party street, but I did not hear any noise from that direction at night.The two main problems with the room were the lack of lighting and the erratic housekeeping. The bedside light is a dim panel light set into the wall, which made it quite difficult to read in bed at night if you weren't facing in exactly the same direction as the light. The housekeeping staff came in every day - at least, they made the bed every day - but some days it was apparent that they hadn't cleaned much in the bathroom, e.g. soap rings still in the tub and no restocked supplies. This wasn't a huge problem for me as I was the only person in the room, but it could have been really annoying in a room with multiple occupants using all the towels or soaps every day.The staff were always very pleasant and friendly. I didn't eat in the restaurant as there are lots of alternatives nearby to suit pretty much any taste or budget.The hotel is in a great location right off rue Sainte Catherine (major shopping street) and about five mins. walk from a Metro station. I did not feel unsafe at any time walking around the neighbourhood, as it is always very busy.	
Apr 21 2008 	Consistently good	I have stayed at this hotel 4 weekends in the last year and always had a great stay. The check in staff is wonderful - friendly, bilingual (although they don't mind letting you practise your french with them!), helpful with room selection, willingness to provide suggestions and directions to different spots in Montreal. Rooms have always been spotless and comfortable.Great location near Bell Centre in heart of Ste Catharine shopping (about 5 min walk from Peel metro).	
Apr 16 2008 	Average but great location!	Standard hotel chain - clean and comfortable but the location is the best! Rates for a double room were good (probably it was because we booked it early) as we booked directly from the hotel website. There is a place for breakfast but it is more expensive than other breakfast places near the hotel. There is underground parking in the garage but you have to pay a little extra. Would definitely go back for the location and for the price!	
Jan 4 2008	It was okay	If you need a view you might not choose this hotel. Most of the rooms seems to look in on themselves, over an inner courtyard. And the lighting is terrible. We were there in winter and the (big)room had 3 small lamps.- I felt I needed a torch!Upside, its a great location, you are seconds away from great shops and restaurants, and only 2 metro stops from the OldTown. Montreal really rocks, so if you want to party, this is a great place to stay!!!The room was spacious and comfy (if gloomy) bathroom fine, coffe making etc but our minibar didnt work and there was NO information in the room at all, not about the area or the hotel.Upside - the staff were lovely and helpful.So it depends what you need I guess. All in all it was ok and good value, just seemed to lack that little extra touch.	
Dec 31 2007 	Dissatisfied with the Novotel	After doing research on the hotel's website, TripAdvisor.com and on the Hotels.com website, I booked through Hotels.com. Just for reassurance, I called the hotel (after I booked with Hotels.com) to ask direct questions about the Novotel Montreal Center a/k/a Novotel Montreal Downtown. I was told with effusive enthusiasm by a staff member that I would be staying in a renovated room called a Novation Room. When I arrived during the holidays, I was not impressed with the room, which looked to me like it had received a cookie-cutter remodeling.The mini French doors to the corner bathroom were cute but could not hide the dirty floors and vanity. There was hair on the floor and sink as well, which I found unacceptable. The bed was comfortable but nowhere along the lines of the bed I had at L'Hotel XIXe siecle earlier in the year.With the exception of two staff members, service was poor at this hotel. I will always remember the snootiness of one staffer and the reluctance of another staffer in looking at my phone bill. I needed that person to check my bill because she had cited an alarmingly high amount that made no sense because I was using a phone card (purchased on rue St-Catherine on my first day of arrival). After rereading some reviews of this Novotel here on TripAdvisor and seeing that others were automatically billed for simply opening the minibar door or touching the water bottles, I now figure that maybe that's what happened to me. I didn't touch the water bottles, but, sure, I opened the minibar door just to see what was in there. I shouldn't be billed for curiosity. No one should. Anyway, I spoke with the reluctant staffer face to face, and she straightened everything out.The hotel's restaurant was this Novotel's best feature, despite the high prices. But then again, nearly all hotel restaurants have exorbitant prices. The meals at the Novotel's restaurant -- I can't recall its name -- are delicious. The host and server were friendly and bilingual during my stay. And, by the way, if you really like the service in the restaurant, let your tip reflect that. Don't be cheap. If you are trying to save money, don't eat at a hotel restaurant. Go out and find a diner, pizzeria or a cafe. There are plenty within reach of the Novotel, especially nearby on rue St-Catherine and rue Crescent. In fact, please keep in mind that there are many restaurants in Montreal, period. Not just in Centre-Ville , a/k/a downtown Montreal proper. Why not venture out farther into the city, to Plateau Mont-Royal, Miles End, Chinatown. etc. Warning: If you ever stay at this Novotel or any downtown Montreal hotel on Christmas day, either dine at the hotel's restaurant or venture out to Old Montreal, where many restaurants are open and practically beg you to come in. Why? Most restaurants and other establishments are closed on Christmas.By the way, I do not agree with one reviewer that Old Montreal is an easy walk from this Novotel. When I needed to travel to Old Montreal on one day of my visit, I took a taxi and paid $8 -- and I had my eye on the meter. If you don't want to take a cab, take the metro to Old Montreal and then take a taxi back to your hotel, especially if you are dining late into the night. The taxis are always frequent in Old Montreal, so you will not have a problem. The reason I would not recommend you take the metro to return to this Novotel is that the area is quite desolate at night. With the lots adjacent to the hotel, it can be dreary and spooky.If you have young children in tow or are a solo traveler and need to get to Old Montreal at night, I strongly would advise asking the Novotel front-desk staff to call you a car. Or just walk one long block (that is, rue de la Montagne) up to rue St-Catherine, where you can hail a taxicab. Then, again, I strongly urge you to catch a taxi after you finish dining and/or touring in Old Montreal at night so that you can return safely to the Novotel. For those folks staying five days to a week at the Novotel and buying an unlimited metro card, be aware that it must be used for three consecutive days of travel. So you will find yourself needing to use a taxi here and there, anyway. On my past visits to Montreal, I found it easier to take the metro to a destination (unless I was traveling there really late at night, in which case I took a taxi), and then I would take a taxi back to whatever hotel I was staying at.I forgot to mention room service at the Novotel Montreal Center a/k/a Novotel Montreal Downtown. Oops, sorry -- I never got a chance to HAVE room service. The prices were expectedly high, so that wasn't the reason I didn't have room service. Instead, the door tag showing my choices for room service was never removed from the door, and I had left my room in the morning and returned late that night. It was so late that it was actually the next morning.Booking this Novotel has taught me a lesson. Next time, I will not stay there. I do not blame Hotels.com; that company cannot possibly keep up with every little renovation at all of the hotels around the world. Next time, I'd rather pay a bit more money and stay at one of the boutique hotels in Old Montreal, where the service never fails to be personal (almost intimately so) and superior. You do not need to stay at a big-chain hotel downtown or elsewhere in Montreal to have a decent breakfast, lunch or dinner at the on-site restaurant, either. Or to have the concierge help you plan a last-minute day trip. At a boutique hotel, you might find a hospitality desk rather than a concierge because the staffers tend to wear different hats. But you surely will not have a motel experience as I did at this Novotel, which is really great at offering barebones service (every iota of sarcasm intended, here).	
Dec 19 2007 	Great Location and a good hotel	My wife, son, and myself stayed there primarily for the location. It is a very short walk to the Bell Centre where the Canadiens hockey team plays. The people in the hotel were very helpful and the proximity to the shopping areas and restaurants was great. The only shortcoming is parking. Few spaces underground or you can park in the open lot across the street. The room was large enough for the three of us. Did not eat there so I cannot say as to the food there.	
Dec 4 2007	NOT impressed	I was not impressed with this hotel at all. I was there for two nightson a weekend and each morning, I was waken up at 6:30 am by construction in the building. I told the reception that I was not impressed with this. If they had to do the construction, it could it wait until later in the morning, I asked. The reception reassured me it would not happen again. It did however. I told them again the next morning and I even wrote a letter of complaint. I heard nothing. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 4 2007 	Acceptable - but beware	Spent five nights at the Novotel Montreal Centre while on a business trip. The location was perfect for me - and is great in general being downtown close to businesses, restaurents, and across the street from the home of the Montreal Canadians!I had an &quot;executive room&quot;. It was excellent, large, and the bed uncommonly comfortable, however three minor things bothered me about the room: One, as in many hotel rooms, the room is dark, even with all the lights on; two, there is only one phone and it is on the desk - there is no phone beside the bed; and three, the water pressure in the shower is very low, making a shower a bit of a chore.There is one point though that is more serious. The fridge and the small water bottles on the desk are alarmed so that you are automatically charged if any items are moved. Pretty chincey for a good hotel, especially with the water bottles, which are in the way if you use the desk. Nonetheless coffee and tea service are free.On the good side, reception is wonderful and friendly. You are even warned on check-in about the alarmed water bottles. Special mention must be made of Kaela who always had a welcoming smile for me and was very helpful in suggesting restaurents etc. The in-house restaurent is fine, but pricey, and service is warm and friendly - you may be given a complimentary drink on check-in for use in the restaurent - mine was the first Long Island Ice Tea the waitress had ever made - and it was excellent.	
Nov 8 2007	novatel montreal ok	Stayed here in September 2007, room was nice but were warned by receptionist that if we as much as tipped anything in the mini bar we would be charged for it.We asked for a fridge as this was mentioned in the hotels booklet and we would have liked to have cold water.Never got back to us on this even though we were there for 4 days.Bar man was most unpleasant and there was no atmosphere in the bar either but I could see why with bar staff like him.Also bar prices very expensive.Found a nice place on catherine street to eat and drink that was much more reasonable and the staff were lovely.Receptionists at Novatel were very pleasant though.	
Nov 7 2007 	Good but not usual Novotel high standard	I stayed there for 6 nights at the end of October 2007 and my overall impression was positive and I would return again. However, it is not the usual Novotel standard… or at least not the Novotel standard I am used to in Europe.The location on near corner of rue de la Montagne and rue Sainte-Catherine is very good. Close to bars, shops (underground city) and resturants. Although the neighbouring lots on rue de la Montagne aren’t great… two car park across the road, building site to one side of hotel and a few vacant lots. But the area seemed safe to me.The foyer is small and can get crowded, with the décor being a little dated, as are the corridors leading to rooms, which are remind me of student halls of residence. Once inside your room, it’s a different matter. The rooms are spacious, well laid out and appointment is nice (if a little dated).My room was very large, had a king-sized bed, large working table (with pull out table extension), sofa (with pull out bed), large LCD TV, safe, mini-bar with small bar table top and a foot stool. The bathroom was reasonably large, with corner double doors, bath, WC and basin. Nice touch was a green glowing night light.Internet access is wired and $10 per 24 hours. Speeds ok, but not great. I was told there was wireless in foyer, but I didn’t try it.I ate one meal in hotel – upon my arrival on Sunday night. Food was nice, nothing fantastic and service was very good. However, word of warning: I was told by supervisor that kitchen closed at 10pm and last orders were 9.30… so if you plan on being late be aware. However, there are many very nice restaurant on rue Crescent, directly behind the hotel.Breakfast was $15 (+ tax) extra, so I opted for one of the diners on rue Sainte-Catherine, which were much cheaper and more lively than the hotel. The bar was inside the restaurant and had no atmosphere – one of the worst hotel bars I have ever been in. But there are plenty of bars within a few minutes walk.I found the front desk staff to be helpful and pleasant. I had several queries while I was there and they were very good. On leaving, then even printed my flight boarding pass off my memory stick.	
Oct 25 2007	Wonderfull Experience !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	We stayed with my colleagues in the new rooms of Novotel.I can say that I was impressed by the design and the duvet coversit feels very fresh and very clean.Overall, service is excellent, fitness room is modern, and restaurant is very affordable for the quality served.Next year my family is visiting from spain we will stay at the Novotel Again.	
Oct 11 2007 	An older hotel that had a recent facelift. Nice location. Adequate but average.	My wife and I stayed at Novotel Montreal Center on a recent holiday weekend. This was our first trip to Montreal. We booked the October special, a &quot;Novation&quot; room with a king size bed (breakfast buffet included) for $159/night. I would skip the breakfast included option if I stayed in this hotel again as there are many places to eat for less within a few minutes walk. L'O Restaurant is trendy in decor but average in food and not many people eating there. Hotel is located on the dirtier end of Rue de la Montagne, but only one block from Rue St. Catherine. So, the location is just right, and very close to bars, restaurants and clubs on Crescent street. The staff was friendly but not very attentive. I asked three times for a few extra pillows (twice at front desk and left message for housekeeping) and amazingly they failed to respond to this simple request. The maid cleaned the room despite having left the do not disturb sign on the door (we didn't want the room serviced). The room was modern, but fairly small. It did have a nice flat screen tv, comfortable bed with clean linens/duvet cover, decent air conditioning and clean bathroom with modern fixtures. Otherwise the room was very basic. All mini-bar items bill automatically upon touching the item so be careful (even the water bottles on the counter are on sensors). Parking on street is hit or miss. There is a garage next to the hotel and I would recommend taking advantage of this option for CAD 15/night (you can go in and out of the garage with the pass they give you). Overall, Novotel Montreal Center is a good value but don't pay more than CAD 120/night as I don't believe the room or service is worth more (also beware that the room rates do not include the hefty taxes they tack on).	
Sep 6 2007 	A Solid Choice.	We booked this hotel thru Priceline [75US for one nite], the sunday of labour day weekend. Parking was $15.75 per day [seemed standard price for hotels]. When we arrived the hotel had no kingsize beds [Priceline can't guaruntee a bed size], which is a must for my wife, so we paid the extra [$35 Cdn] upgrade to one of the new renovated rooms. So, coming in at about $135 Cdn (tax incl.), while not a &quot;bargain&quot; the room was still pretty reasonable.Most importantly it was a great room. You could tell, completely renovated: the most comfortable bed i've ever slept in, a 35 inch plasma TV on the dresser, curtains that completely blocked all light out if you wanted to sleep in late and new carpet. The bathroom, while not huge, was new/updated also.Alejandro at the front desk was very helpful with suggestions or directions.i cant speak about the hotels &quot;facilities&quot; because we never used them. i'm not sure if there is a pool/gym.the only thing i could whine about is the water pressure in the shower wasnt great, just adequate.one huge benefit of this hotel is its proximity to to Crescent St. and Saint Catherine St. Novotel is about a half block south of Saint Catherine St. and one street east of Crescent. Like, a 2 minute walk from the famed patio/bar discrict in montreal.Some earlier reviews complained of noise? we were there on the long weekend [busy time], couldnt hear a sound. we slept great.if you are wanting a good place to sleep in the Saint Catherine or Crescent Street areas, i recommend this hotel.	
Sep 2 2007 	Great locationreasonable value	Have stayed at this property on a couple of other occasions and this stay only confirmed my reasons for returning. Great location (near Bell Centre, restaurants on Crescent and shopping on St Catherines) ). Good Value as this is as good as I've been able to find in the sub $200 per night bracket . This is a small to moderate sized hotel so reasonable traffic without being overpowering. Card access to the floors after 6pm is a nice touch. The new Novation rooms are good size and nicely fitted- nothing that stands out just good overall impression ( the air conditioning was noticeably quiet however-what a nice change from so many other properties). Downside - the in house restaurant is pricey but lots of options in very close proximity (there are at least 4 within 150 feet of the front door - 3 high end) with lots of reasonably priced options on Crescent -about a 3 minute walk. Second -I would agree with another review on the linen -the towels are getting tired -time for some new linen.TIP: The airport shuttle stops at only 3 locations (the first being the Sheraton) and you then have to transfer to a minibus to get to other hotels -time consuming and tiring if you have been on the road for awhile. The Sheraton is a 3 minute walk from Novotel so if you are willing,have moderate luggage and the weather is OK then get off at the Sheraton	
Aug 14 2007 	Novotel great location and price	Stayed here from Aug. 10 to Aug. 12. Great location to shopping on St. Catherines street and an easy metro ride or 20-30 minute walk to Old Montreal. Hotel staff is very friendly, breakfast buffet is average for the price, rooms are very clean, and bathroom good size. For the price and location, highly recommend it.While we were in Montreal, did the Biodome and Botanical garden tour and saw the Notre Dame Bascilica. Warning about the gardens, this area is very large and we were no where near able to see half of the gardens in a couple of hours because of the size. The biodome is small, but the monkeys, birds that dive and swim underwater in one of the aquariums, and penguins made it worthwhile.	
Aug 14 2007 	No thanks-not again	Stayed here in August of 2007. Wanted a central, relatively affordable hotel. The whole hotel just seemed grimy. The carpet in the room was terribly stained(looked like too many parties) and felt unclean. The towels were threadbare and somewhat grey. The room was small but okay in the sense that we were only there at night.The hotel staff was friendly and accomodating but not extraordinarily helpful. The parking garage was accessible only by 1 elevator in a small enclosed space which made it awkward and one day the level my car was on in the garage absolutely reeked of vomit. (I know this isn't the hotel's responsibility but it is unpleasant to pay $15 for that.)The street is quite run down. There are 2 large vacant buildings with garbage and then it gets better on Rue Sainte-Catherine. I think next time I would pay more for better surroundings and a nicer hotel.	
Aug 10 2007	Great hotel should be ranked higher!!!!!!!!!!!!	This hotel is a wonderful place to stay and I would definitely stay there anytime I go back to Montreal. I booked through Expedia based on other reviews and obtained a Novation room. What a bargain for the money and the hotel staff is great! The first night we got there, there was no Novation room vacancy, so one of the staff, Michele (pronounced Mee-kay-lay) hooked us up with free breakfast buffet at L'O restaurant. That was great considering that the price for breakfast was more than the difference between the regular King room and the Novation. In addition, once we got the Novation room the very next morning, the staff continued to be quite attentive to any questions we had about site seeing, etc. The Hotel is in a wonderful location just a block from Rue St Catherine and two blocks from Crescent St. Boy....if you are in the mood to Party hit Crescent St for sure. The clubs are great, food is stupendous and I can't write a review about the food without mentioning Chez Danny! It is the best Pizza I have ever had and it is located right up the block from the Novotel on the way to Rue St. Catherine. In general...this hotel is like a hidden treasure and should truly be rated much higher than 44th. I would recommend it to anyone looking for an upscale location with great staff and a great location. Merci Novotel and Merci Montreal for a very wonderful trip and stay!	
Aug 9 2007 	GREAT Hotel!!!!!	I loved this hotel , it was a great value for the money.The staff was very friendly, the room was great , very modern.The hotel was only one block away from Rue St. Catherine , full of shops and restaurants, so the location is GREAT.... I WOULD DEFINITELY COME BACK TO THIS HOTEL.	
Jul 30 2007 	Awesome location ~ brah brah	This hotel is in an amazing location! My friend &amp; I came down for a our girl's weekend and we partied! The hotel itself is pretty affordable and the rooms were pretty clean. Don't touch anything in the fridge or you'll be charged. Parking is underground and it's about $16/ night. The hotel is situated in a pretty noisy area, so I would definitely suggest this hotel to a younger crowd.Shopping is close by on rue st. catherine. All the cute boutiques and high-end shopping! The nightlife is different and it starts later than the T.O. For nightlife, clubs/pubs are walking distance. Club 1234 is pretty decent it's a 2 minute walk from hotel. We also checked out club Opera, and that was a 10 minute cab ride. Best club in MTL for sure! (and the crowd is over 21 - a plus)We would come back for sure!	
Jul 17 2007 	Good value in the middle of everything	I stayed at the Novotel for three nights during the International Jazz Festival the first week of July (when rooms were sparse and prices astronomical). We got a deal through Hotwire at $82/night which was cheaper than B&amp;B's with shared bathrooms! (note - outside the US, Hotwire only guarantees the number of people your room sleeps, not a non-smoking queen or king) The staff speaks English very well and everyone was pleasant. They called a taxi for us one day and were knowledgeable about the sights. We were upgraded to a king-size non-smoking renovated room which was brand new with a flat screen TV and an updated bathroom (which had toiletries but no hair dryer). The bed was very comfortable and the housekeeping efficient. Beware of the minibar and the bottled water in your room as they have motion sensors and if you as much as touch anything, you will be charged. There is a garage right next to the hotel where you can park for CAD $15.50/night with in-and-out privileges.The hotel is in the middle of dowtown, one block from rue St. Catherine - we walked to the outdoor concerts and shopping/dinner every night. There are two Metro stops nearby to cover the rest of the city. We actually walked to Old Montreal - it took about 1/2 hour but was well worth the effort. I would definitely stay here again - Montreal is expensive and Novotel was a nice surprise in terms of price and service.	
May 3 2007 	Wonderful staff and bed	The Novotel is very conveniently located very close to St. Catherines street with a great deal of access to many stores and restaurants within walking distance. The underground malls, various museums, McGill all were very close by. This was my third trip to Montreal so I didn't feel like going to the old city this trip, therefore I just spent most of my time just walking around the city. Rue de la Montagne where the hotel is located is across the street and next to some really well rated restaurants though a bit too expensive for me. The room was very clean the and staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. A nice security add on is that the elevators to the rooms require a room key after 6pm. Being alone on this trip that actually made me feel a little safer. Overall, definitely a great experience.	
Apr 23 2007 	Fair Price; Fair Value	I have stayed at about 7 hotels in Montreal and based on my assessment I would say this hotel is the best &quot;bang for your buck&quot; property in the downtown core. I stayed at this hotel the weekend of April 20-22, 2007 and I enjoyed it. My primary reason for choosing this hotel was it's proximity to fashionable restaurants, bars, and shopping. On those three points, this hotel delivered better than I expected. Crescent Street in Montreal is where I intended on drinking and fine dining and this hotel was literally a block and a half from some of the finer restaurants. FYI: I ate at a restaurant on Crescent St. beside a club named 7 and it was fantastic. I don't remember the exact name of the restaurant but on my credit card it was billed as WIENSTEIN GAVINO. Anyways, it was recommended to me from the receptionist at Novotel and I think it was an absolutely excellent pick. Their filet mignon was to die for and the service/decor was exactly what I requested when I asked for her advice. The other thing was we booked a middle-tier room referred to as a &quot;Novation&quot; room which was really nice. It was standard in size and had a small couch and flat screen television. We received a good deal because I found the hotel on hotels.ca and called the hotel directly to get a better deal. They gave me a price of $130 per night (with tax) but no option for cancellation and this was an excellent deal relative to the other hotels in the area. Would I recommend this hotel? Absolutely. Like I said earler: bang for your buck it is the best deal. All the name brand shopping (parasuco, steve madden, etc.) and department stores (simones, the bay) are within a 5 block strip on St. Catherines Street, the restaurants and bars are close by, and it is only a $13 cab ride to the casino. The rooms were clean, the staff were courteous, and you may be able to get a good deal. I can only speak about the Novation rooms but I appreciated them.Hope this helps!	
Apr 9 2007	good break from Toronto	I have to say that the hotel staff were great from the get go. Check in was smooth and asking for a different room with a better view was easy and painless. The dining room/ bar staff were friendly and very polite. As a matter of fact, the entire staff at the hotel were friendly. I would not recomend going to Montreal for the Easter weeknd, but thats just my opinion (nothing bad, just quieter than I was expecting).	
Apr 4 2007 	Novotel - My first pick	We stayed at the Novotel in Toronto as well and both were absolutely great. The one in Montreal was walking distance to bars, great restaurants, and shops. The service was great...and the rooms were very comfortable...for once, a bed that I could sleep in...and sheets that were soft! The rooms are also very tastefully decorated and the price is very affordable! I always look for a Novotel hotel in any city I travel to and I've never been disappointed with them.	
Feb 6 2007	Great location!	Very clean room. Super close to the bell centre and lots of shopping.	
Jan 14 2007 	great location good value	i stayed at the novotel for 2 nights. The rooms were large and clean (but a bit dated) and it is located just down the road from the main street (rue st catherine) and around the corner from a number of cool clubs and pubs (rue cresent) and is in walking distance to the metro. the only problem we experienced was that our neighbours were extremely noisy and we couldnt sleep for one out of the 2 nights b/c of them. however the next night they got security in to the hotel to ensure that it was sufficiently quiet for all guests. good value overall	
Dec 27 2006 	Pretty good overall	My wife and I stayed 3 nights in this hotel on a mini-vacation this December. The staff was friendly (albeit undermanned), but then, we had few needs. PROS:- Clean room- Great location- Friendly staff- Many resources (business center, gym)- Cheaper parking than anywhere else in the neighborhood (and in an enclosed space, good for security/protection from snowfall)CONS:- Our room did not have nearly enough light- Our room smelled a little too strongly of room freshener - The view out our window was a back alley dumpster- Bar closed very early- Neighborhood is not the greatest at night - red light district, many shady characters, etc. But is fine during the dayThe worst thing, really, was that hotels.com had over $50 in hidden fees, but that's not Novotel's fault.Hardly a luxury hotel, but no real complaints - we would stay there again.	
Nov 8 2006 	Make sure that you stay in the upgraded rooms	We were put in a standard room. Having already read the previous reports on this hotel at your site, I wanted assurances from the receptionist that the room did not have any &quot;drainage &quot; problems. I was assured that there was no such problem. After unpacking, we went to the toilet and found it to be dirty. Also it did not flush well. Phoned the receptionist. She said she will send someone. He came fifteen minutes later with a plunger (there was no ned for it) stayed there for 5 minutes and was leaving saying that it was now clean. We checked it and saw no difference. Told him so and he said he will need to come back with a brush. Another 15 minutes later we phoned the reception again and inquired about his whereabouts. We were told that he could not find a brush!!!Also the bedding in this room was unacceptably poor. So we asked for an upgrade ($25+taxes per night). After 12 hours of travelling and jet lag we had to repack and change the room.The upgraded room was perfect in every respect, as was the restaurant in the lobby. We had all our breakfasts there and some other meals. Contrary to what has been written before, we found the staff very friendly and the food of very high quality. I would recommend this hotel strongly so long as one stays in one of the upgraded rooms otherwise avoid it if one can. Excellent location.	
Sep 29 2006 	Novotel - Everything at your fingertips!	I just recently returned from a week-long visit to Montreal and stayed at the Novotel hotel. I was thoroughly impressed with the hotel and the staff. We arrived very early in the morning and check in was not until 3:00 in the afternoon. The young lady who checked us in did a search of rooms and told us she could have one ready for us by noon. True to her word, we were able to check in early which was very appreciated. The hotel itself is very clean and ever so quiet which was a blessing.From a location point of view, you couldn't ask for anyplace better. We were right across the street from the Bell Centre and only minutes from downtown. We were within walking distance to Old Montreal, Chinatown, etc. and when not in walking distance the metro was most convenient to use and the staff very helpful with directions.Also for anyone not familiar with Montreal (as we were), I highly recommend visiting the Tourist Information Centre. The staff there were so helpful and gave us maps and showed us exactly how to get to places we wanted to see.For anyone travelling to Montreal, I would highly recommend Novotel.	
Sep 26 2006 	I really liked it!	I don't know what people are complaining about??? Perhaps they are rude to others. I stayed for business for 2 nights at the beginning of September and truly enjoyed my stay. As a matter of fact, when I returned home last week (away for 3 weeks total around QC and ON) I had a package waiting at the post office. They had mailed me back my shirt along with a book and CD I had forgotten! The staff knew my name by the next day and always greeted me with a smile. The food was also very good. As I travel alone, I was given greatrecommendations and felt very safe.PS: Here is the difference between the rooms: -Standard room is not renovated.-Novation room is beautiful and worth it for the few extra $$.	
Sep 12 2006 	Service with a Smile-Not!!!	Well a very large group of us travelling from different parts of Canada, USA and as far away as Ireland visited Novotel in Montreal for a five night stay in August, and upon arrival were greeted by a receptionist who I dont think knew what a smile was - great start!! The room itself was nice enough although whilst taking a shower I might as well of been taking a bath because the tub just filled with water - and took forever to drain!!! Housekeeping staff were very friendly and the rooms were cleaned every day, and fresh towels put in the room.The one major fault with Novotel was the attitude of staff within the restaurant, good customer service was really lacking in the restaurant - infact it wasnt lacking - it was non existent, and as previous review said we did complain but we may as well have not bothered!The location of the Hotel is fantastic and cant be faulted - although there are plenty of other hotels just as central - take my advice - book one of them and make your stay in Montreal much more enjoyable!!	
Sep 7 2006	If your looking for DISAPPOINTMENT book Novotel	If you want to be disappointed then this is the Hotel for you Disappointment was the theme for the 5 days stayThe bookings were all done directly with the hotel and we were referred to the pictures on the website. The room upon arrival was not as clean as was expected like previous reviews the toilet and the bath that did not drain while taking a shower were not the cleanest. The biggest disappointment was to be the RESTAURANT- BEWARE, first to be ignored and left sitting for 45 minutes before ordering, to be chased in true Quebec fashion for your tips even when the level of service did not warrant a tip and to have your elderly realtives brought to tears by the rudeness of the restaurant staff. Complaining to hotel staff will fall on deaf ears............Tip of the Day ..........there are many other hotels nearby with great locations and amenities where the service could only be better.	
Sep 2 2006 	Avoid the restaurant in the hotel	We stayed a the Novotel for four nights in August while we attended my brothers wedding. The rooms were fine and the service was fairly good. However, there is a resturant in the lobby of the hotel and the service there was abysmal. One of the waiters was extremely rude to members of my family and when they went to the hotel lobby to complain, he was walking around with a big smirk on his face. This experience ruined our stay there. There are lots of nice restaurants in the surrounding area so there should be no real need to use the hotels restaurant.	
Jul 11 2006	Superb Location 	We were courteously and professionally checked in to our room upon arrival by a very friendly and welcoming staff member. Having called ahead to request a quiet room, our preferences were easily accommodated and we found ourselves in a good-sized - if a little tired - room overlooking the central courtyard away from the street and therefore the construction noise and traffic. Well located on de la Montagne, just below Ste Catherine and a few minutes' walk from Peel metro, this is an ideal location for those who want to be in the middle of Montreal's downtown. Steps away from many English-speaking visitors' idea of a good evening out, Crescent and Bishop are parallel to the hotel's street and it lies just north of the Bell Centre, the location for hockey games and concerts, etc. If convenience is a factor, the Novotel certainly is worth considering.A warning label about automatic billing from the mini bar was accompanied by a note suggesting we request a mini refrigerator from reception if we wished to keep our own drinks cool. This we did and, despite a confused-sounding staff member asking for our patience, we found said appliance installed and nicely cool upon our return later. Our room - 2 double beds - was very spacious and clean, although the decor was generic chain hotel in style, it provided us with comfortable, well air-conditioned accommodation downtown for our short stay there. The bathroom was also well-sized and, despite a less-than-spotless toilet and a could-be-fresher shower curtain, it was all very adequate. While it won’t offer you the luxury or cachet of the Omni or Ritz Carlton, the Novotel does provide decent accommodation in a handy location in this ever-fascinating city.	
Jul 10 2006	great location	I really liked this hotel. The location is wonderful, right off the main shopping street St. Catherine. The staff was wonderful, room clean, and can't beat the location. Breakfest is free for kids under 16 when eating with an adult (they don't do a good job advertising this fact).	
Jun 24 2006	Great Location Priced Right	Stayed for 2 nights. Checked in and had reserved a novation King. I was told they were out so they upgraded us to the Presidential Suite! It was great! Has its own courtyard (no view), huge bathroom, nice sitting area. Plasma tv in bathroom! Nice room. I don't know how much it normally would cost, but I paid about $180 per night, taxes included! My kids had a novation room with two beds. Nice view, nice room. The restaurant is convenient for breakfast and the location is great for walking the city and for shopping. This hotel is such a good price and in such a good location, I can't imagine not staying again. I didn't see any of the regular rooms, but for the price of $180 per night in Montreal Center, I would upgrade to the Novation Rooms.	
Jun 20 2006	Travellers Beware	The hotel was nice at first and the staff allowed us to check in early, which was great because we had been travelling all night. The room was clean and looked similar to every other room we have stayed in before at other hotels. However, It was overpriced. I think this applies to all of Montreal. The room we viewed on the internet and based our choice on was not the room we got when we arrived. We stayed in the Novation room and the picture for the This room on the website is actually the presidential suite. The best part started after We left. We were about 500 kms east of Montreal when I realized I had left my leather coat in the closet in the room. I pulled over on the highway and called immediately. We were transfered to a number of someone who deals with this sort of thing. We left a message and she did call us the next day saying she had no coat. She then told us (after a bit of polite but firm insisting that the coat was in fact left in the room) that we may be making this up and since this particular cleaner who cleaned our room had been with the company for 5 years. She also told me there was a process of paperwork to fill out when items are left in the rooms. This was not done. This led me to believe that the cleaner was the one who took it. She personally checked the closet again because she said no one stayed there the next night (so no guest took the coat). Then I told her in not so polite terms to get my coat back. We did not hear from her since then. We then called the General Manager who told us he would look into this immediately and call us back right away. He never called back. My wife call 7 times in one day and his receptionist told us she could see him sitting at his desk but the call would not transfer through. So we left our phone number again, and still no call back. So we called back again and his receptionist then told us he had gone home for the day. So I am still missing my leather coat and I still have not heard back from the novatel hotel. Travellers beware!	
May 29 2006	The location really made a difference	The room we stayed in was standard,fairly small, there was as others have mentioned the peeling wallpaper. Also the carpet was old and bunched up in some places. And the furniture is very simple and retro style. Other than that it was very clean!The best feature of the room was the bathroom, this was as I have seen in the photographs, all other photographs I saw were of novation rooms which are the upgraded rooms not the standard room which we got. In bathroom nice black counters granite look I think if not for real. Lovely shower.The service, was fine, had no problems at all, had service in english, all smiles and politeness in this department.The location was excellent, first cross street is St. Catherines the shopping street, and crescent street the restaurant street a couple blocks away.I would definatley stay in this hotel again if I wanted to go shopping. But this time I would choose an upgraded novation room. Hopefully, the wallpaper and carpets are nicer in these rooms.	
May 25 2006	Montreal Novotel	The Montreal Novotel property is an ideal locale for travelers that require a centralized feeling in a urban setting. Chic and well maintained, it is a best-valued jem. Warm enough with just the right creature comforts. A stone's throw away from professional sports (Centre Bell) , uptown dining (Europea and Rosalie), upscale shopping, and music venues. It's a win-win. Opt for breakfast on St. Catherine's and check out the Museum of Fine Arts. Take in a concert and chat with the locals. Then wind down with your favorite pint at one of the myriad of area pubs. It's The Big Easy in Montreal.	
May 24 2006 	Great location poor hotel	I stayed at the Novotel two years ago and thought it to be a fine place to stay, central location, quiet street, near all the great restaurants and shops. Well, times have changed.Stayed in room 620The good:Great location, quiet rooms, beds are fine. Restaurant food is good. Poor:Drain stop never worked in the bathtub. Wallpaper was peeling off in several locations. Extra charges for using the Internet. For a business class hotel, this is unacceptable. Young,inexperienced staff, although I didn't really deal with them too much other than to check in and to check out.Ugly:The minibar uses a pressure sensing plate that automatically charges your room, whenever you lift an item off. Talk about paranoid. $3.50 for a bottle of water??	
May 23 2006	I'd definitely stay there again!	My sister and I spent the long weekend at the Novotel. It was our first visit to Montreal and we were looking forward to it!The hotel was great! We spent a bit extra (not much) for an upgrade so had comfy beds and duvets, updated room, flat screen TV, etc. Sabrina checked us in and was great! She was very helpful and patient in making recommendations of things to do.The location is excellent! It's a block away from one of the main shopping streets in the City and a block from the restaurant strip. We were pleasantly surprised at the amount of pubs with live (Celtic) music ... all within walking distance of the hotel. We didn't check out the hotel restaurant ... we ran out of time ... and it looks a bit pricy. The train station is only five blocks away, easily withiin walking distance even dragging a suitcase on wheels. We walked back and forth to Old Montreal twice and walk to/up the &quot;mountain&quot;. We caught a subway, which was just a couple blocks away, to the Biodome.Everyone smokes everywhere in Montreal including restaurants and the hotel lobby. Nasty! But that will all change as of June 1 (Yay!).	
May 23 2006	We liked it	Comfortable, business class hotel. We spent four nights here. I think our room was just standard, and had everything we would expect in a hotel of this type. Not high-end luxe or romantic, so book elsewhere if you want that.As others have said, great location, lots of area restaurants and shopping.It may be luck of the draw, but the staff we came in contact with were extremely friendly. We ate dinner at the hotel our first night, and were apprehensive (primarily because it looked like dining area was an afterthought), but it was very, very good, and again, the staff was great.One warning: There is a new building going up next door, and there were notices in the lobby apologizing for construction noise. We never heard a thing (I think this was the quietest city hotel room I have ever had.)Biggest surprise: this chain also owns Motel 6!	
May 16 2006	If location is what you need... this is the spot.	Great location is the biggest plus for this hotel. Growing up in Montreal, I've had a chance to visit people at a great many hotel - most have a good location in the city - this one has a great location. That being said...The room itself features vintage 1983 euro-furniture which I last saw in a Novotel in Europe in 1999. The bathroom seemed to have been renovated recently, it was acceptable... The room we stayed in, #805 if memory serves correct, had peeling wallpaper, smelled and had 1&quot; thick pillow.If it wasn't for the location this place would be a zero.Don't let the restaurant and the bar with a decent happy hour fool you.Until they renovate the rooms, don't stay there unless its free - as it was for us...I won't recommend this anytime soon - well maybe if it is $50...	
Apr 24 2006	From a New Yorkers Standpoint I thought it was very nice!	Well, Heres the skinny on the Novotel on Rue De Montange in Montreal and while I will elaborate, I can sum up the hotel in 3 words. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!!!!This place is smack dab right in the middle of where you want to be. You are surrounded by restaurants, tourist activities, and very short cab rides to Old Montreal and the Montreal Casino.I was very impressed with the location and I didnt plan on being impressed with the hotel, only because of how affordable it was and where it was situated, but I thought the hotel was very nice.The rooms were more than sufficiant, the employees were very gracious and friendly and the hotel itself was always clean and the decor was quite trendy.My party and I which contained 4 gentleman ranging in ages of 25 to 29 arrived at about 2 in the afternoon on a Thursday. Parking is a little rough only because the lot is rather tight and hard to navigate, but if you can drive, you can handle it. The lot will run you about $15.50 per night Canadian.Upon parking we checked in with a very nice young lady who was fluent in French and English. We had seperate reservations, one for one night and one for 3 nights and she politly gave us one room each for all 4 nights without a problem.We acuired great rates for this hotel in advance paying only $89 per night American, and I think that is a great rate considering the Montreal Candaians were having their first game of the NHL playoffs that Sunday night. Did I mention that the Bell Centre where they play is litterally 200 yards down the st from the hotel.Upon getting into our rooms, we were pleased. We had 2 double beds, a decent size TV and a mini bar.We had a very nice view out onto Rue De Montange and to the north of us we could see Catherine St and to our South, the Bell Centre.The hotel has a very nice new looking dining room and bar with friendly employees.If you are looking for a nice hotel at a budget price where everything you need is witin a very short walk, you will be pleased with Novotel.All and all we had a great trip, beautiful city and very nice people. The weekend nights are a bit cowded, we enjoyed the Thursday more thn the Friday or Saturday, but thats just my oppinion.	
Mar 29 2006	Despite negative comments I was pleasantly surprised!	I was afraid because of some of the negative reviews I read but I found that it was a nice hotel...similar to a Holiday Inn or Best Western. My husband and I like to be in the center of things and walk every place or take the Metro and we found the location great for that. Even though we were in the middle of all the action we did not find it to be a noisy hotel. The most noise we heard was when all the rowdy hocky fans came from New York and even that was minimal. The staff was very nice and courteous. They did not volunteer any information but when asked they were accommodating. I recommend it as a good place to stay if you don't want to spend an arm and a leg for a hotel but still want a nice room and a relaxed atmosphere. My husband and I would definitely go back.	
Feb 27 2006	Nickel 	THE GOOD THE BAD &amp; THE UGLYTHE GOOD:-Pretty nice locale near Rue de St. Catherine.-Upgraded modern look.-Nice little extras such as breakfast order menus you can hang on your door.-Excellent cleaning service.-Great new plasma televisions in the upgraded rooms.*I give this place an AWESOME Sound Transmission Class rating of 60+. The walls are built solid as a rock. No worries about hearing the people above, below, or next to you playing loud music, yelling, snoring, having ludicrous s--, or hearing their phone ring. The only caveat is that I stayed in the executive novation style room which may have a more solid structure. These rooms are in the center of each floor. They are only next to 1 room. When you look out the window of this type room, you see the same thing right across from you. That is, two rooms side by side, going up a column for 9 floors.-Showers gave me the ultimate clean feeling. They were those round showers that rain water down on you. They also had an extra flexible shower sprayer.-Fitness room was posh.-Great pay per view selection.THE BAD:-Location is on a two way cramped street called Rue de La Montagne. It's pretty decent, but not right in a hot spot or anything.-The reviews I read on this site were true. Staff is young and inexperienced.-Fitness room does exist, but only 1 elevator leads to it. -No pool.-Room service is closed at midnight, but there is a nearby restaurant serving sandwiches, pizza, etc., open for delivery until 5:00am. Make sure to ask the inexperienced staff about it or they may not tell you.-Smoking allowed in the lobby and it stinks. Well, that's Montreal. THE UGLY:-Some staff were rude and snooty, but that could be the Canadian attitude. I don't mean this as an insult. Factual business reports state that customer relationships are not a priority for 85% of Canadian businesses.-No refrigerator in the room which was lame. The small one that was in the room was full of stuff that you don't want to touch or you will be charged an exhorbitant amount of money by the company they sub-contract out to.-Parking garage is $15.50/night and there's not enough room. The spaces are made for small cars.-You must pay for internet which is cheap, cheap, cheap when you're paying nearly $170/night Canadian ($135 USD) for an executive novation room.-You even pay for breakfast - cheap, cheap, cheap.-The hotel driveway entrance is so small, your car could get stuck waiting if the owner of the car in front of you is busy checking in.	
Jan 21 2006	Far Surpassed Our Expectations.	We stayed at the Novotel for one night and were very satisfied with the hotel overall. It is located near Rue St. Catherine on which all the big name clothing shops, trendy cafes, clubs, bars, and restaurants can be found. If you want to check out the more independent clothing shoppes, it would be a 20-25 minute walk from the hotel - it doesn't seem very long at all considering all the stores you will be passing by. The hotel is also a block away from the Bell [Hockey] Centre for fans visiting the city. When we arrived, the lobby and rooms looked exactly how they were portrayed on the website pictures - clean, comfortable, modern. We had no problems with the hotel other than the fact that one pillow had a tar-like spot on it. I called the hotel manager who quickly came up to the room with a set of new clean pillows and a sincere apology. The filipino housemaid, Esther, accompanied her and was very friendly to me. I told her I was happy with the state of the room and she explained that there were newly renovated rooms (for a higher price) upstairs - for those looking for extra comfort. There is no pool, but if you are in Montreal, you shouldn't be wasting time in a pool anyways. This hotel in general is great for any types of visitors - business people, families, singles, friends, couples, etc... I'd say it is a 4 star hotel with 3 star rates.	
Nov 22 2005	My room and service were 2 Star!	The location of the Novotel was great but I had a horrible room. Talk about false advertising on the internet! We were given a 3rd floor king room that wreaked of smoke and had not been redone...ever! The room was small, old, had no view, and had no hot water! Because of the water problem, we managed to switch rooms...but the new room was just as terrible. Albeit the staff let us change rooms, but overall they were not very helpful in terms of availability and information. Would not go back unless I was guaranteed a room like what is advertised on the internet!	
Oct 23 2005 	Good hotel rude staff	We stayed at the Novotel during the Champ Car race in August -- me and my photographer (I'm from Toronto, he's from Ottawa) because we could not get into the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth. The hotel was comfortable, clean and quiet, and well located for our needs -- we came in on the train and had to walk down to the Delta to get the shuttle to the track. The staff were very French and nearly as rude as the French we met in actual France. They demanded full payment plus a $200 &quot;deposit&quot; upon my arrival, and when I told them Jamie would be arriving the next day and would pay that day's price on that day (and made it clear that I was American) she backed down; however, when we returned from the track on Satuday our door was locked to us and they demanded that Jamie pay immediately before they would unlock the door. The next morning when I checked out the clerk tried to charge me for a third day that we had neither booked nor spent in the hotel. If you get along well with the French, or you don't mind being held up, this hotel is for you.	
Oct 16 2005 	Good location in downtown	This is a centrally located hotel ideal for both business people and tourists alike. There are several good restaurants within walking distance and the subway system is also near the hotel.The staff is helpful but answers are short as they are often too busy. The rooms are in good condition and have the features (hair dryer, cable tv, mini bar, etc..) of a hotel in this categoy.Word of caution: The cost of breakfast is above average in this hotel. One may consider walking to nearby cafes instead.If you need to be in the downtown area, this hotel is a good choice in Montreal.	
Oct 5 2005	Nice and well located	The hotel is very modern and very well located, close to the train station. Rooms are spacious and beds are comfortable. The staff wasn't very friendly and they charged me for a prepayed room... I hope we'll fix the problem. But I do recommend the hotel. I had a great view of the street from a baywindow.	
Sep 6 2005	Novotel exceeded our expectations!	We found Novotel Montreal as part of a package deal with airline tickets on a travel website. Did not really know what to expect...but Novotel really came through.First off, the location is spot on! You are close to much of the nightlife (clubs and bars of Crescent Street, for example). You are also close to the endless shopping on St. Catherine and the beautiful galleries and museums on Sherbrooke Street. Old Montreal, however, will be quite a walk from here. But we didn't mind because we wanted to take advantage of the nightlife for this trip.By the way, if you want excellent pastries and coffee, check out Premiere Moisson on Sherbrooke. It's a bit of a walk from Novotel, but totally worth it if you are a croissant addict like me!Next off, Novotel was very clean; the air conditioning system worked well; the staff was helpful; the rooms quiet and the price totally reasonable. We felt that we got more than our money's worth!Again, if you are looking for old-world charm in a historic building, this is not the right place. You'd be better off in a bed-and-breakfast in Old Montreal or the Plateau area. But if you want to be in the &quot;center of action&quot; for shopping, dancing, bars and a number of trendy restaurants (Peel Street), this is a great choice.	
Jul 17 2005	Fantastic rooms and excellent customer service	My friends and I stayed at the Novotel for a long weekend in June. We had used Priceline and bid for two nights for two rooms and then decided we wanted to add a third night for just one room and managed to get the Novotel both times! Chrisa (I hope I am spelling her name right!) was very helpful and made our transition from one room to two seamless. She also gave us fabulous rooms! I don't know if there has been a renovation, but I don't remember having this great a room the last time we stayed there. The location is perfect and the staff is very polite - but still extra special treatment by Chrisa. If you get her when you check in you will get excellent service! I can't think of any negatives, and I would definitely stay there again!	
Jul 12 2005	Just got back.....	Just got back from my stay at Novotel Montreal Centre, I was their for my friends 30th birthday and we had a nice time. He is the alumni event coordinator for Johnson &amp; Wales University so he really knows his stuff about hotels. The facility is nice with a great restaurant (very chic) and good clean rooms. Definatly not luxurious but very clean and modern. The staff is friendly and accomodating. The hotel does not have a pool, spa or plush lobby.Tell me a fable.....a fable that never ends.Whats the matter?Clamity..in NH.&quot;Oh, canada has a different currency&quot;I have no sense of direction.	
Jul 12 2005	Great bargain	We got a room at Novotel Montreal for 65$ per night at Priceline. For this price, the hotel is unbeatable. However, even at a higher price (up to 90-100$) this hotel would be a good deal, given its quality and location. Its best features are that it is spotlessly clean and very, very quiet. OK, there were contractors across the road from our room, but you can hardly blame Novotel for that (and during the weekend they do not work). We could not hear any noise from the surrounding rooms or from the hallway (which was a problem in other, more expensive hotels). The room was pleasantly furnished, with a convenient foldout bed, and the bathroom was very nice. The staff was reasonably helpful, tho we always had to wait at the desk. Our room did not have internet, but wireless is available in the lobby for a moderate charge.The underground parking lot some people complained about is just fine. Checkout is at 1pm, which is great, but we left the baggage in the car for a few hours after checking out, and it was perfectly safe. As for the location, it's a block away from St. Catherine, within walking distance from almost anything (including transportations), and it's perfectly fine. Overall, we'd stay here again, and I'd recommend this hotel.	
Jul 6 2005	Great Place but...	As it was mentioned, the hotel's location is great, near shopping, night life and great restaurants. We stayed here 2 night 6/29 and 30th. Our room, at the 6th floor, had a bathroom with a door and was modern decorated, clean, small but comfortable. There was a table with a phone across the room and away from the bed, but there was another phone placed on the wall near the bed. Our room, however, had no view or better said a back street view, overlooking the roofs of a building that was being renovated and every morning, around 7:30, the construction people start to hammer away. The buffet style breakfast is not included and it's rather expensive, $16 or $18 CA (cant remember exact), but by the time we went down to eat (around 9:30 am) the eggs were cold as well as most of the other stuff that supposed to be hot. The restaurant serves also lunch and dinner but is way overpriced, many other better choices within walking distance. Overall, a good, clean, nice place in a great area that serves the purpose, to get a good night rest. If you can get a deal on Priceline or other discount website don't hesitate, if you have to pay full price...maybe you should think about other options first.	
Jun 30 2005	Great location. Decent price. Horrible rooms and bathrooms.	We stayed at the Novotel in Centreville on Rue Montagne during the F1 Gran Prix. Great location near St Catherine Street and Crescent Street. Got a decent price of around $100/room. Has a fitness gym in the basement.Very clean rooms, but the rooms were horribly put together. For example, very few lights in the room and very small lights near the bed. The bathrooms have no doors. Its just a small curtain. We asked for a different room and ALL their rooms are like this. The phone and alarm clock are not near the bed. They are across the room next to the TV. So if a call comes in, you have to get up out of bed to pick it up. The TV has no remote control.I will never stay at Novotel again since this new room concept is something they are trying out at all their chains.You have to pay to park in their basement.	
Jun 16 2005	Good Location	After reading some previous reviews was a bit worried about staying in this hotel but I did not have to be. I was pleased that we stayed here.We arrived at midnight and had to wait a couple of minutes for the staff to be free (there was just one staff in reception) - but it was OK. We got a smoking room - which was my mistake because I did not specify that I am non smoker - at least it was a good excuse for my husband to have a cigarette :-)The room was clean with two double beds, couple of chairs, small table and we had a view on the main road. The rooms do not have a safe (only the executive rooms have them) but you can have a safety box in the reception for free. Brekfast is £ 15.50 per person - buffet. You can have something else but the buffet is the best value. We had just one brekfast here, the other mornings we ate out. This hotel is just a few steps from St. Catherins Street - super location !!! It is just a couple of block from Metro Peel.All in all, our stay here was very pleasant. I can't really complain about anything. It was very good value and I would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 1 2005	Bad Service	I was absolutely repulsed by the service I received at Novotel Montreal Center. I had very high expectations for this hotel as this was my first time staying at one of the hotel chains. However, as we entered the room, there were mildew stains all over the bathroom ceilings, mold growing out of the vents with the stench of mildew buried under the carpet. After a night's stay of wheezing coughs and sneezes, we had requested for a room change. The clerk told us that she'd call us to let us know of any availabilities. But to my avail, no response. When asked a second time, another clerk placed the blame on us for not looking around the room for any mold/mildew stains. Was that supposed to be our responsibility to search for health hazards in a reputable hotel chain? Then she told us that we should have addressed this problem first thing in the morning. We're visiting another city and of course had an itinerary ahead of us and therefore decided to confront this situation after we got back from our activities. After a few more confrontations, the manager surrendered and reluctantly switched us to another room, which wasn't far from the first. The service I received was nothing close to the level of a standard three-star hotel. Instead of apologizing, they weren't surprised by the stains and in return placed the blame on us for not searching around the hotel room for stains. Obviously, they knew of the unhygienic rooms but decided to place the blame on us for confronting them.	
Mar 15 2005 	Centre of the fun in Montreal at the Novotel	Great gem of a hotel in the city centre. Staff were very friendly and helpful in finding alternative places to eat as the restaurant is re-opening in March. Rooms and bathrooms were nice and clean, the upgraded rooms had huge plasma tv's, which were great for movies and sports. It was nice to have hard wired internet too, and not wireless.Underground parking was usually pretty full ( the signs say the hotel does not own the parking ) but I always found a place.I will be back to stay here when hockey starts again, as the arena is only a block away, and the bars and restaurants after the game are only a block away too.Pricing was better than a lot of other lower class hotels, so all in all, I will be back for another stay.	
Dec 19 2004	A good place to stay	I have stayed at Novotel several times. The Hotel is good for those who like a smaller hotel. The Location is very good if you want to be Downtown. The hotel is well-kept and clean and the rooms are above average for the price. The Room-Service Breakfasts are surprisingly good.There are a few minor problems:1) You have to park your car yourself in a creepy and small underground garage next to the Hotel. During the day, it can be very, very difficult to find a Parking Spot for your car, even on the bottom two floors &quot;reserved&quot; for the Hotel. ( I note that Novotel does not run the parking garage, but.... 2) The front desk is understaffed for a hotel in this price range, so there can be long waits to check in or out, get advice, etc. Having said that the staff are very polite and helpful3) If you want to get Internet access you have to use a difficult-to-use coin-operated machines. At this price rate, there should be free Internet access. Fortunately, there is an Internet Cafe around the cornerI am in Montreal frequently and I will definitely stay there again and recommend the place to to others.	
Sep 23 2004	Good price good location		
Sep 6 2004	Pricy but worth it!!!		
Sep 5 2004 	Not a wonderful experience		
Sep 1 2004	Good with a warning...		
Aug 30 2004	Fair warning		
Aug 18 2004	great hotel		
Feb 4 2004	Great location nice rooms!		
Sep 25 2003	a lovely place to stay		
Aug 16 2003	Pleasant surprise		
Nov 18 2002	terrible service		
Nov 10 2009 	Hôtel impeccable personnel charmant et serviable bonne situation géographique prix attractifs		
Oct 30 2009 	Très bon choix sans surprise		
Sep 2 2009 	Hôtel parfait pour des vacances en famille		
Aug 19 2009 	Bien Situe..		
Jul 26 2009 	Un peu décevant		
Jun 29 2009 	Zentrale Lage bietet ideale Ausgangsmöglichkeiten		
Feb 8 2009	Très confortable		
Sep 3 2008 	hotel tres bien situe		
Jul 21 2008 	hotel un peu décevant		
Aug 31 2007 	alti e bassi.		
Aug 29 2007 	Me gusta este hotel		
Jul 22 2007 	Gute Lage gutes Hotel		
Jan 25 2007	emplacement parfait		
Jul 8 2006	Une adresse à connaître		
