Nov 25 2009 	Good location nice rooms	The online reviews of this hotel (other websites) mention some features I did not find - like a rain shower and so on but overall the rooms were very clean, good decorations, the hotel is centrally located. I would only say to head elsewhere for breakfast because the hotel's restaurant was extremely pricey and the coffee was horrible.	
Nov 18 2009 	PERFECT EASY LOCATION-SPOTLESS MODERN WITH ALL THE AMENITIES	This is the ideal hotel to for your quick trip to Montreal. My friend &amp; I took a long weekend trip to Montreal &amp; the Sofitel was perfectly located in walking and metro distance from everything you would want to do. Also, the concierge was more than helpful! The beds are amazingly plush with spotless white duvet coverings, the bathroom is great and my favorite thing was the sauna in the fitness center! Our favorite restaurant 2 blocks away you must try is La Capannina. The metro stop was Peel St . We walked to the old town down the shopping street St Catherine St &amp; it was a long walk (about a half hour but it was great exercise.	
Nov 10 2009 	Hotel Sofitel great place to stay!	I took a trip with a few friends for a Labor Day weekend to Montreal.After research on Trip Advisor and finding an awesome deal on Travelocity. We got 1 night free. I booked the Sofitel. Be aware when booking on Travelocity or any other sites, most bargain prices are NON-REFUNDABLE when booked, even when you have to cancel. We got our room for about 160 a night. It was the luxury room, which is a bit bigger than the other rooms. Good Points about hotel1. Modern, very clean.2. Polite front desk and door men3. Spacious bathroom with products4. Close to Mont-Royal Park and Rue St.Catherine shopping and public transit5. If you need a cab, the door men can get you one really fast.6. Free use of computer terminals in the hotel lobby. There 3 computers with a printer. Great to use to check email, print maps etc.Cons about hotel1. Restaurant is overpriced. There is a great breakfast place, 2 blocks from the hotel called Eggspectations. It open at 6:00/6:30 in the morning.2. It is just far enough from Old Montreal that you need to take a cab or bus.You can walk 2-3 blocks to the Tourist Information center and pick up bus 515 to Old Montreal. Much cheaper than the cab. Very convinent.3. Nearest grocery store for soda and snacks is about a 6- 7 block walk.I would definitely stay here again. Hotel is wonderful!	
Nov 9 2009	Sofitel rip-off	I booked this hotel through Travelocity.ca and had to cancel my trip for personal reasons. Throughout the whole cancellation process, there was no indication that I would lose the whole amount paid (over C$300). As I was expecting to have a refund I contacted travelocity - they said it was the hotel's responsibility. I called Sofitel, and they said that yes, as I had booked through travelocity they would keep the whole amount even though they would never provide any service. So, basically, what they are saying is if you book through Travelocity and you have to cancel your reservation it's your problem. I would say 1. avoid travelocity and 2. avoid Sofitel	
Nov 5 2009 	Amazing Honeymoon	After searching through reviews here on Trip Advisor, we found the Sofitel. When all the reviews said COMFY bed, I said this is the place and booked it. Every one of those reviews was right!! You will not want to get out of bed in the morning!!! The days we did get out of bed we walked down to St. Catherine St where there was plenty of shopping and eating to be had. The location was perfect to tour the city on foot. I will DEFINITELY be staying at the Sofitel on my next visit to Montreal!!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Beautiful and comfortable	It's European modern in style but is not stuffy or uncomfortable. The rooms are absolutely beautiful! Beds are so soft you don't want to climb out of it in the morning. And they have the amazing rain shower shower heads and glass shower stalls that we now see becoming very trendy. Absolutely 5-star without being snobby!	
Oct 15 2009 	Tiny room great location	Beautiful tiny bathroom, comfortable bed and linens in a tiny room. However, service and location were great. Very close to Sherbrooke and McGill. A bit pricey compared to others in the area like the Crystal and Vogue.	
Oct 15 2009 	Luxury	Great luxury hotel in the center of Montreal. Easy to get around using the metro or taxis. Bed was super comfortable and the sheets were so soft. We needed a good break and this was a relaxing place to come home to. Nice toiletries, excellent shower. Really everything you would expect from a hotel of this class. Computers in the lobby to use for internet and a printer too. This was quite useful. It would be nice, for the price, to have free internet throughout the hotel.	
Oct 6 2009 	Almost perfect	We stayed here for 8 nights. The room was lovely - we got an upgrade - a good size &amp; very clean. The only thing missing was tea &amp; coffee making equipment but it doesn't seem as common in rooms outside Asia/Pacific. Service was excellent in most cases but we were disappointed by staff in the bar. We were twice told at just after midnight that the bar was closing &amp; one night we went in at 12.10am to see 3 staff standing around &amp; were told the bar was closed, there was one down the street we could go to! Not good enough for a 5 star hotel. The concierge was extremely good, knew the answer to everything we asked. We would definitely go back.	
Sep 29 2009 	Love The Sofitel...luxury and comfort!	I stayed at the Sofitel Montreal over Labor Day Weekend. It is on the &quot;Golden Mile&quot; , catty corner to the Omni Mont-Royal, which is one of my preferred hotels. However, given the similar price that the dated (but currently under renovation) Omni wanted for the same stay, I chose the newer and more modern Sofitel.I loved this hotel-- it is voguish, sleek, and smart, with superb staff and amenities. The lobby is large, light, airy and chic. I went up to my room, where I got a personalized welcome as an A-Club member. The room is average-sized, and some may consider it on the small side, (especially given the price), however the use of space is very efficient and functional. The decor is trendy and the room's lay-out, particularly the the foyer entrance to the room -- equipped with a shelf with a candle set to enhance ambiance, gave the place an almost homey feeling. Light seems to be a theme with the hotel, and the use of natural light has been incorporated into the hotels decor and atmosphere. The expansive windows in the rooms are ceiling to floor. I had a corner room, and so I got plenty of sunshine.The marble bathroom is luxurious, from the Occitaine toiletries to the fixtures, especially with the rain shower head, and the two-way shower door. My bathroom did not have a bathtub. I didn't want to get out of that plush bathrobe and slippers that were provided. The room and the entire hotel are impeccably spotless.I don't know if I can say anything more about the bed that hasn't already been stated. The bed is dressed with feather comforters, pillows, and mattress top. It's like sleeping on a cloud -- deep and peaceful. Do not get into this bed at the end of a long day unless you plan to stay there for the evening, and good luck getting out of it in the morning. It's *that* comfortable.The hotel staff is exceptionally professional, attentive, and as another reviewer stated, quite unobtrusive. They all speak English well, without a snobbish attitude. Housekeeping comes and goes quietly, the front desk checks you in and out in a snap and, the concierge tends to everyone smartly and intuitively. The bartenders and valet were superb. Speaking of the valet parking, I used the valet parking $30CAD/day (in and out) while I was there. Normally, my car would be ready within 10 minutes, however, this particular weekend there were several weddings and other affairs being held at the hotel. So at times the valet service could take up to 20-30 minutes during events, and the vehicle reception area would be crowded and congested with vehicles and taxis loading/unloading passengers. The valet/concierge services were very apologetic and did their best to deliver the vehicles as quickly as they could. The bar/restaurant service during this time was also stretched as the staff augmented event service, but they always managed to give you the attention you deserve. However, the Renoir restaurant and bar was fantastic. They served remarkable dishes and drinks, and it is a popular spot with hotel clientele and locals alike. Not surprisingly, the food and particularly the drinks, are quite expensive. There are many fine and lesser expensive choices near to the hotel, and throughout Montreal, but if you do have supper at the hotel, you would enjoy it.The location is great -- near a Metro stop, the great shopping of Ste. Catherine, and the nightlife of St. Denis and St. Laurent, as well as the Museum of Fine Arts and McGill University. My only complaint is that for the price of the room, they should offer free wireless Internet in the rooms. There are computers (3 of them) in the lobby available to use at no cost. I found them to work very well and I didn't have to wait to use one.I exceedingly enjoyed the hotel and would return there.	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent Stay and Excellent Value !	We stayed here for three nights with the &quot;stay 3 nights pay 2 nights&quot; promotion that Sofitel is running, what a deal! A beautiful hotel, nice room, big floor-to-ceiling windows, great bathroom and very comfortable bed. The entire staff was very helpful and pleasent. The location is great, between the Fine Arts Museum and McGill College Avenue. We walked every where from there. I can not wait to return for another weekend !	
Sep 18 2009 	Not worth the money rooms smell old	We have stayed at Sofitel in D.C. before and decided to try it in Montreal since we really liked the one in D.C. We were really dissapointed. Apparently those hotels are not from the same chain and are run by different hotel companies. I love natural light in the room, thus we asked for the room with big windows (prefereably on both walls, they have it in D.C.). Apparently they do not have such rooms in Montreal. When we got to our room which was $350 a night, we found that it smelled pretty bad. We have our friends stay at a different hotel (they were on budget) and when they came over to our room, first thing they asked was &quot;what is this smell&quot;. We went to talk to concierge, since if we are paying that much, least thing we expect is for room to smell nice. They showed us couple more rooms, all of them had same smell. (probably because the hotel is old) Also when we stayed there, the hotel was repainting main lobby, so after midnight when you would come in there was this horrible paint smell (all 4 night that we were there) The only good thing about this hotel is location to all clubs, bars and restaurants, but I am sure you can find better hotel in the area. To our dissapointment Ritz was closed for renovations, otherwise we would move there.	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent stay	Our stay here was excellent. The location was good for us, near the shops and the hip restaurants of St Denis. However, it might be a bit far from the restaurants of the old town if you are not up for the 20 minute walk. The room was great and the bed divine. L'Occtaine toiletries - a real treat. We did not eat in the hotel as there was way too many tempting options on the doorstep. Would definitely go back!	
Sep 3 2009 	Fantastic	Fantastic location, fantastic room, fantastic bed, fantastic breakfast	
Sep 1 2009 	The most luxurious bed I've ever slept in!	Missed our connecting flight In Montreal (from Quebec to LAX) last week so we were forced to spend the night in Montreal. When a fellow stranded local traveler suggested The Sofitel we hesitated at first ($$$$) but when we arrived and fell onto the bed, we were so glad we decided to splurge! What a wonderfully comfy, cozy bed! The bedding just wrapped itself around you. I'm a light sleeper and wake often during the night; I did not budge! Too bad we only had 5 hours to enjoy that bed due to an early flight. Also, the downtown street was noisy all night and we were up on the 12th Floor. Room service was excellent (mushroom, asparagus risotto) but pricey. All in all, it was a night to remember.	
Aug 29 2009	wonderful hotel	We had a perfect stay at this hotel and I can't find anything negative to tell.Rooms were spacoius and the rainforest shower a dream.Staff was friendly and it was everything you would expect from a sofitel and 5 star hotel.	
Aug 26 2009 	Trendy	We spent the first night of our honeymoon in a Superior room at this hotel.The hotel looks beautiful, it is clean, the bellmen are nice, service is great. It is well situated if you want to be downtown montreal. Overall a nice hotel, though the room was very small for the money paid. The bad was really comfortable and the bathroom was simply beautiful.	
Aug 21 2009 	Perfection with unobtrusive service	My wife and I stayed at this hotel 15th to 20th August for a wedding. What an excellent hotel.Rooms - They were well appointed. Very comfortable beds, the room and bathroom were very large. The usual amenities like flat screen TVs, separate shower and bath. The only disappointment was that there were not double basins in the bathroom.Service - Excellent throughout and unlike most 5 star hotel the staff was not obstrusive. They were there to assist you if you needed it. Food - The best hotel food I have ever had. The breakfast is to die for try their signature egg white scrambled with spinach, mushroom and tomatoes. The only hotel that came close in terms of breakfast is the W in Seattle. The pastry is as they make it in France...that says it all.When I am next in Montreal the choice will be obvious.	
Aug 17 2009 	Started out SO good...	We checked in on a Thursday and were very impressed with the service and treatment from the staff. Our room was 318, which is above the banquet hall where weddings and other things are held. The rooms are beautiful and we loved the bath robe and slippers! The beds were absolutely incredible and we didn't want to leave simply for that reason alone.Shopping of course was great and so was the food. We never did eat at the hotel, however walked to Old Montreal most evenings. Its about a 25 minute walk. We also walked up Mont Royal, which was also about 25 minutes on a straight upward incline!The only thing to mark our trip was on Saturday night. A wedding was being held and unfortunately it sounded like we were over a night club. We were able to hear the words to the songs and pick out what was being played. The bass was so loud that the mirrors were rattling on the walls. But being fairly young ourselves and not planning to go to bed too early, we didn't worry at first. At 11:30 I called reception and she stated that it should be over in an hour or hour and a half. We just put up with it figuring at 1 a.m. it would be over....it wasn't. At about 1:30 I went down to reception in my pajamas with my mouthguard still in. I was asked to sit in the lobby and wait for the Customer Service Manager, which I did wait - for about 5 to 10 minutes. He was polite and said I should have come down sooner and that the music would continue until about 2 a.m. He offered us another suite on the 9th floor. So sometime after 2 a.m. we were in that, however I was so mad that no compensation had been even offered - I couldn't sleep. I had so been looking forward to one last amazing sleep in that amazing bed! The manager had stated that we were welcome to use the bigger suite the next morning and take a late checkout. That wouldn't help us since we had a big drive ahead and planned an early checkout. We were also told that any room service we ordered would be put on the tab for our original room. That was a bit of a slight as well. I wasn't too impressed with him. I don't have is card on me anymore to remember his name. It didn't go over well though when a few hours later we had our alarm go off and had to hop on the elevator all bedraggled to ride back down to the third floor to get showered and packed. Of course someone got on the same elevator as us. How embarassing. We must have looked like something that had been run over a few times.Anyhow, saving grace was that morning upon checkout with big bags under our eyes, there was a different person on the front desk. He originally checked us in and was FANTASTIC to deal with. He sincerely apologized and said we could expect to be contacted about the situation. So that has made me feel better. We hope we will get our moment of recompense. Today is our first day home and we have yet to receive that phone call......I sure hope it comes because we would still love to go back to that hotel. The amenities and service from the staff (other then that one rep on Saturday night) were wonderful. Its a great place to stay. I guess my only recommendation would be - don't stay on the third floor!	
Aug 14 2009 	Luxury Comfort Hotel	The Sofitel Hotel in Montreal, conveniently located two blocks from McGill University, is a luxurious, comfortable hotel with excellent service. Expect to pay a premium for your stay, as this is one of the priciest hotels in Montreal. The rooms are large and very comfortable with trademark beds that lure you to sleep. The lobby is first class, with a very good but expensive restaurant (better eating values are found within a short walk). concierge and staff are extremely courteous and helpful, and take pride in assisting guests with directions, reservations, and advice on sightseeing. Spa and massage service is also available. A short three block walk from the Hotel puts you at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, and the Hotel is close to the Metro lines. I would recommend this Hotel for business travelers and those leisure travelers not on a tight budget.	
Aug 11 2009 	book it !!!!!	This hotel is amazing. We checked in on the 1st Aug and at the moment are still here. We love it. The rooms are modern, clean and well thought out. We are in a corner room with two windows. The beds are so comfortable you just sink into them and enter a deep sleep. The bathroom has a large shower with a rainhead shower and a wall shower. Wardrobe space is good and you get a safe. Each night they turn down the beds and leave free evian. As we are here a while we had a fridge put in the room and went out and bought a kettle, the hotel doesn`t offer tea of coffee making facilities in the room, shame. We had a rental car and used the valet service, it`s $30 per day with in and out, the valets are really quick to bring the car up and to be honest it`s not worth looking for a space and paying, on street parking is payable up to 9pm.Tonight we ate in the restaurant, serive was impeccable and the food worthy of five stars.I am so happy we are staying here, it really is the best.	
Aug 3 2009 	Very comfortable	We stayed here for 3 nights while visiting Montreal. This hotel would normally be very much out of our price range, but we got a good last minute deal. This is probably the most comfortable hotel I've ever stayed at. It was extremely quiet and very comfortable. Some on here complain about small rooms, but those people obviously haven't stayed in some of the hotels I have stayed in.... these rooms are larger than average, especially considering there is a king-sized bed.The location is excellent... minutes away from shopping &amp; the metro. The room was made up in the morning, with nightly turn down service. The bathroom was quite nice with a walk-in rain shower. The bed/bedding was extremely comfortable, and the best quality I have experience in any hotel. We wanted to take the bed &amp; the linens home with us.We couldn't afford room service or eating in the restaurant, so I can't speak for that. But, if you are looking for somewhere comfortable to stay, in a good location, and don't expect to splurge on &quot;extras&quot; like room service, then this hotel is very worth it.	
Aug 3 2009 	Pet Friendly	Wonderful location. In the center of it all. More than accomodating to our pet.The room was tiny, but Montreal is gorgeous in the summer, so we spent very little time in the room.	
Jul 28 2009 	Fantastic Stay	Having experienced wonderful stays at Sofitel locations in Chicago, London and Washington, DC, I decided to book the Montreal property for a recent leisure weekend. It is a decision I do not regret in the least bit. The Sofitel Montreal is supremely luxurious, stylish and comfortable. The location can't be beat in terms of access to shopping, attractions, dining and public transportation. I usually loathe having to deal with a car, but the valet staff made the experience seamless - my car was always available within 5 minutes. I was impressed with the housekeeping staff - they seemed to slip in and out of the rooms silently, never intruding. I never even saw them in 3 days! Speaking of quiet, this hotel is utterly silent. Our room, of the &quot;Luxury&quot; tier, was very large by urban hotel standards with a plush bed that was almost impossible to climb out of. The palatial marble bathroom felt kingly.Drinks in Le Bar were good, though $24 for 2 ounces of scotch did catch me by surprise. With so many options nearby, I cannot fully recommend it. I was also disappointed that there is no in-room wireless internet service.However, this is a fantastic hotel and lives up the standards of its much-lauded sister properties around the world.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great locations could be cleaner	I stayed at the Sofitel for 3 nights with a friend. We lucked out and got a handicapped room, so it was very spacious and had a little foyer. Here are the positives:The service was very good. Check-in was smooth as well as check out. The concierge was very helpful and all the suggestions for restaurants were good. The Metro station was very close which made getting around Montreal very easy. The beds were so comfortable.The main negative was that the room's carpet was disgustingly stained and there was noise in the middle of the night coming from the room above us every night.But overall, it was a nice stay, but not sure that I would stay again.	
Jul 20 2009 	Stay here when you want to impress	This is a beautiful hotel with excellent service. The rooms are very nice and the bathrooms are phenomenal. The staff is also very nice and accommodating. It's located in a pretty good place too. That being said, however, you could get something just as nice, or perhaps even nicer, for much cheaper. In my opinioin, this is a hotel that you choose when you wish to impress. It's not very practical.	
Jun 22 2009 	We Love This Hotel!	This hotel was impecable. The design is very modern, it is a classic example of a modern european use of space. Every piece of furniture is art and it serves a purpose. The bathrooms are pure luxury, they are small but put together perfectly with high end marble and modern fixtures like a rainhead in the shower. The mattress was SO comfortable, we all slept in the king bed without even moving! The bed has a down mattress topper, a down comforter and down pillows. The ambiance is a critical detail that was captured perfectly, they use candle light in the foyer and restaurants to create a very relaxing mood. The bar was my favorite though. My husband and I were able to sit there at night and enjoy a drink, talk and look out at the city. The Hotel staff is so well trained, and the bar tender was no exception. The staff has mastered the art of service without interferance. Everyone at the hotel speaks english and can arrange anything for you from a tour of the city to taxi's, they even offered to bring us breakfast 30min. before the normal time so tht we could eat before going to the airport. Even the hotel maid was attentive to our needs, she noticed that we have a child and gave us an extra water in our room each night. Breakfast at the hotel was excellent, the yogart is the best I have ever tried. Food in general is expensive in this city and the hotel is no exception. The most important thing to realize about this hotel is that it is not about having huge space like we do in America, it is about using small spaces in the best, thought out way and then doing it with luxury materials and purpose. One more thing, they have a baby grand piano on the 2nd floor!	
Jun 21 2009 	Great Sofitel!!	We stayed 2 times at the Sofitel Montreal ;at the end of May 2009 and again in June. The staff was very friendly and professional, the room , the nice lobby it was all perfect! Our room on the 16th. floor was spacious and had a great view!I love the Sofitel My Beds...we slept as a rose!Nice bathroom and I loved the strong waterpressure in the shower!The location was perfect as well!Sofitel is never cheap but if you like luxury and style this hotel is a perfect choice!	
Jun 10 2009 	World Class Service	I have stayed in many parts of the world and I can honestly say that the staff at the Sofitel Montreal will treat you right. I was attending business and they made my stay quite enjoyable. The entire staff was helpful and kind. I stayed in a King Suite and the room was well appointed. Can not say enough about the bed......after a long day.......it was perfect. More importantly, the staff was superb and I always felt anything needed was a simply phone call away.I hardly think you would go wrong selecting The Sofitel Montreal. The location was superb along with excellent service.	
May 21 2009 	Horrible experience	Our review echoes what WDavies wrote.We stayed in the hotel in July 2008, a lot can happen in a year but here’s some food for thought as you plan your summer trips.It. Was. Awful. We had horrible service and the room we got was not as advertised. We pre-paid for our superior room and when I asked for a room with a tub, we were told that for an extra $50/night, that we could switch. The kicker is that if I would have pre-booked that room I would have paid much less for the difference. Don’t go by the pictures they have of the rooms on their website, rain shower and tub are NOT is every room. I was very disappointed and the staff were very rude about it. The “pièce de résistance” was that we were walked in on, YES, you read that right. Thankfully we were decent, but not by much. I have never, ever been in a hotel when that has happened, they knocked, we said hello, they used there key and entered.After all that, there were incorrect charges on the room that was a hassle to fix, icing on the cake at check-out. I wanted to leave but we were there for the Just for Laughs festival and hotel rooms were scarce unless you had $$$$. If you prefer snobby, pretentious hotels, Sofitel just may be the place for you. My suggestion is to keep looking, if you’re in the market for Sofitel’s price point then there are better options in Montreal.	
May 18 2009 	Excellent rooms and great location	I stayed here in May 2008 for a biomedical conference. The room was spacious with an entry area, two double beds, and lots of lamps, including reading lamps overhanging the beds. The bathroom was huge, with a cubicled rain shower and separate bathtub. Amenities were super. Lobby had computers for guest use, so no need to bring laptop just for e-mail. Location was superb, a short walk to St Catharine and the boutiques of Sherbrooke, and the Musee des Beaux Arts. The cuisine in the restaurant (Renoir?) was excellent, though pricey. The breakfast was worth the money. Will come back again on future trips.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great Stay	This was my second stay at the Sofitel in Montreal and, like the first one, it was excellent. With the economy in a downturn, we were able to book a suite online at Expedia for $150 per night. The hotel couldn't match that and initially over the phone indicated that it was fully booked and not discounting. This was a horrible misrepresentation.When we arrived at the hotel, it was practically empty. Good for us though. The hotel was quiet, very clean and all that we expected. It is not a 5 star luxury hotel but, for what we paid, was better than anything else in Montreal and I've stayed at pretty much every hotel in that town. The So Beds, with their feather mattress toppers, are great. The breakfast is amazing and the Renoir restaurant cooks up first rate gourmet meals that cannot be rivaled by even Alain Ducasse himself. The staff is very accommodating and the location, right on Sherbrooke Street, is in my opinion better than staying in Old Montreal. I will be back in Montreal in June and will only stay there if the price is right again. As other travelers have indicated on this site, the Sofitel is not a 5 star hotel and not worth paying 5 star hotel prices for the rooms, which are very clean and new but with basic decor. The suites also have very small sofas and do not open up into a sofa bed which would be handy if you are traveling with a family.	
Apr 16 2009 	Good but not great	The hotel was fine, with nice, comfortable rooms and in a good location. That said, it is not good value for Montreal. I had booked a Deluxe room for $230 / night and, given the reviews on this site and the price, expected a luxury hotel. While it is perfectly pleasant, the Sofitel is not a luxury hotel. It is a rather blandly decorated 3/4-star, with tired-looking furniture and fluorescent lights. If you're paying for the room, save yourself some money and stay across the street at the Omni for half the price. It will be a bland hotel that is not particularly memorable. But then again the Sofitel isn't much better.	
Apr 5 2009 	Affordable luxury!	We stayed for 2 nights at the Sofitel Montreal. We enjoyed our stay and plan to return for our future trips to Montreal.LocationAccess very easy, great location downtown, you can walk your way in Montreal from there. Parking (not included and 30$ a day extra)RoomLuxury! Great bed, confortable; huge windows; having a corner room, we had 2 windows and much light. You really feel &quot;downtown in a big city&quot;, in the middle of the skyscrapers... Our room was a little bit small and the bathroom had only a shower, no bath, but for the price we paid (149$/night from Expedia, wich is cheaper than the official Sofitel website) we were very very satisfied of the value.Room service.Great breakfast, but expansive and incomplete.Front deskWe felt we arrived downtown Paris! Many French employees; we've been asked if we were talking about &quot;petit déjeuner&quot; when we asked about the &quot;déjeuner&quot; (France vs Quebec french subtility...). But very professionnal and attentive service.The general look is very neat, and &quot;urban&quot;, the lobby is impressive. We will surely return.	
Mar 8 2009 	Good room for a flying visit	Stayed here for one quick overnight. Arrived late and left after breakfast. Check-in and out were quick and helpful. Hotel very clean, modern and comfortable. Breakfast was VERY high quality but &quot;a la carte&quot; only (no buffet), so not the fastest. My room overlooked the street and consequently suffered from a lot of street noise. Overall, great place to stay but ask if there are any quiet rooms away from street noise!	
Mar 7 2009 	Comfy hotel great gym	Room - On the small side but large enough for a business travler. I had the cheapest room at the hotel too. Lots of pillows, great bathrobs, slippers.Service - Friendly and accommodating staff. The mini bar has an autosensor and when I requested another mini fridge, they were prompt and brought me exactly what i wanted. Room service: Decent. Hotel has great healthy breakfast options, including ones for vegetarians! Downside, there dinner options are not as healthy as breakfast and not as vegetarian friendly.Gym - the best part of the trip. The gym has 2 treadmills, 1 eliptical, 1 bike, a set of dumbells, weight machines, bathrooms, sauna, heart monitors, towels, massage room, basu ball, balance ball, yoga mats. I got a great work out. Downside: they are remodeling the gym so it closed early.Location: Near Crescent and Saint Catherine. Close enough to the action in the summer. Would have preferred closed in the winter.	
Feb 16 2009 	Nice touch	My girlfriend and I stayed at Sofitel Montreal for Valentine's day. We had a great time and enjoyed our stay. Staff service was always courteous.We stayed in the &quot;Superior room&quot;. What we like the most is that it is kept very clean and they have rain-shower heads in the shower.Another plus is their great coffee. It helps that they recently purchased a brand new Saeco coffee machine in the bar. We had dinner and breakfast in the restaurant. Dinner was delicious. The breakfast staff, however, was a little confused and got our order wrong. But apart from a short wait, that was soon fixed. The eggs with toast were very good.Would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 10 2009 	Beware of the Sofitel	Have stayed regularly at the Sofitel in NYC so expected a similar quality hotel in Montreal. Was VERY disappointed - I stay about 60 nights a year in hotels but I walked out of a hotel for the first time in my life!Booked a &quot;Superior Room&quot; on Travelocity - assumed that meant that it was &quot;superior&quot; to something else so was one step up from the standard. Got to the hotel to check in to be met by a very snooty front desk girl who was VERY unhelpful. Asked for a room with 2 beds - not possible unless I was willing to pay $50/night extra. Then asked whether the room had a coffee maker or if we could get hold of a kettle - not possible unless you upgrade at $50/night extra. We travel with our own tea and cups so all we need is a way of heating water - they weren't willing to help out even with that.Got to the tiny room - you could touch all walls while holding onto the bed - to find that there was no tub - just a shower. It was -20 outside, we were cold and needed to thaw out in a hot bath. Called Reception - yes, a room with a both was available - but you guessed it, at a charge of $50/night!This was the straw that broke our back - their Superior rooms are tiny, have 1 bed and no bath - so what is &quot;superior&quot;? I called Travelocity who were able to cancel the room and find us a much better, more welcoming, place at the Meridien with front desk staff who were genuinely friendly and keen to welcome us and provide service to us.Never again, Sofitel..	
Feb 8 2009 	Good location but small rooms	We stayed five nghts in September 2008. The hotel is well located for sightseeing, shops and restaurants and close to public transport. The service was good and the breakfast absolutely excellent, though expensive. Our main criticism is that the room was very small and there was not enough storage for people like us on a two week holiday. Perhaps the hotel is aimed more at business travellers. In the lobby there are three computers with free internet access.	
Jan 25 2009 	Excellent conference location	Stayed 4 nights in this hotel on a business conference. Superb levels of service and food consistently high standard - breakfast, lunch and dinner - a welcome change to the normal inedible buffets served up at business venues. Great location close to some great local restaurants and shopping. Room very well fitted out and very comfortable. Excellent service. Would highly recommend.	
Dec 3 2008 	Modern Comfortable Mostly Excellent Service	Stayed two nights at the Sofitel Golden Mile on the Montreal Sweet Deals package; second night at half price, breakfast for two included. The package has since changed to free parking rather than breakfast. With breakfast, the rate (averaged at C$150 per night) represented very good value.We arrived early and they were able to install us in a room within 15 minutes; they also upgraded us to a deluxe room. Very kind and efficient service. The bathroom had both a bath and shower; it was perfect, as was the bed. Housekeeping was impeccable. We needed a refrigerator (there is an automatic minibar in the room) and they brought one immediately. Weaknesses: - The room faced east-- there was a tower adjacent, so leaving the curtains open was unfortunately not possible. In the future, I would request a south or west facing room. - traffic noise could be heard on the 5th floor; the hotel was generally quiet but we could hear the ice machine at night; - windows do not open so no fresh air;- there was a cigarette burn in the bedding--a very small detail that did not bother us.Breakfast was served in the Renoir restaurant; on the first visit we were seated immediately next to the open kitchen but otherwise both service and food were excellent. On the second visit we reserved a table at the window; they claimed they did not have a reservation and, although there were many empty tables, they made a bit of a fuss. Both service and food on the second visit were lacking, unfortunately: breakfast was cold, coffee was not refilled, and servers were scarce.Overall, however, this was an excellent hotel experience and one that I would certainly repeat at this price.	
Nov 8 2008 	Classy.	Everything in this hotel is done to a high specification. The rooms are very comfortable. We had a room on the corner overlooking the main road outside. I didn't feel cramped in it. But, we were only on the third floor and some noise did leak in during the night from the taxi rank below.Sofitel do blow their own trumpet over the comfort of their beds but I think they are justified in doing so - it really was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in.	
Nov 7 2008	Sofitel Montreal is Terrific	We have just stayed 4 nights at the Sofitel Montreal at 1155 Rue Sherbrooke Ouest, and it was a delight. The room was on the 16th floor looking down on Rue Sherbrooke. The room with king size bed was modern, clean with floor to ceiling windows giving lots of natural light. The bathroom had a double shower stall (a real pleasure to shower in!!) and a very large vanity. The room rate of CAD$322 included breakfast in the Renoir Restaurant which was something else - eggs benedict with several variations to choose from. The hotel is near to several museums, restaurants and close to the Peel St metro. The staff were pleasant at all times and the complimentary internet/PCs (a must for all hotels who want to be taken seriously) in the Lobby area had the fastest connection. I recommend this hotel - you won't be disappointed.Jeff &amp; Basil from Sydney, Australia	
Oct 31 2008	Very nice	I stayed here for a conference. The bed was incredibly comfortable, and usually I never sleep well on hotel beds. The room and service were great. It had all of the amenities you'd expect from The Sofitel. The only downside to this trip was leaving my glasses in the room and being charged $50 to have them sent back.	
Oct 27 2008	Great service nice room  Great location	This is by far one of the best hotel in Montreal, It's such a classy hotel, love the room , the services,They really do go out of their ways to please their guest, even if you don’t make 100K annually.	
Oct 11 2008 	Excellent	Excellent hotel, modern bulding, good location in the moderm area of Montreal. Friendly and useful people in recepction. Rooms are good with everything you need. Free internet in the business center close to reception.	
Sep 25 2008 	Cozy Rooms	This hotel is in a prime location in Montreal within walking distance of alot of great tourist sites including Old Montreal ( which is a 20 min walk but much faster on the Metro). The customer service people at this hotel are excellent, we were there for a week and every time we had contact with the staff they were excellent.The room was clean and the bed was very comfortableThe one downside to this hotel is that the rooms are very small, our room was so small the door barely cleared the bed when opened, also our bathroom only had a small shower and no bathtub.	
Sep 11 2008 	Lovely hotel but not worth the price.	My husband and I had stayed at Sofitel for a romantic weekend getaway. We were impressed with the helpfulness and friendliness of the staff. However, the room we got was a let down. The size of the deluxe room was disappointing as it was much smaller than the regular room at the Omni. We had a lovely view of the adjacent high rise despite being on the penthouse floor. The extra money we had paid to stay at this hotel could have been better spent elsewhere (steak dinner at Queue de Cheval?). Don't get me wrong...it's a perfectly lovely hotel. But I've had better accomadations elsewhere for less.	
Aug 27 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	I stayed at the Sofitel for several nights because it was pet friendly and I had my dog with me. They were wonderful from the beginning. Very friendly and accomidating. I checked in very early and they immediately found me a room. The room is certainly not huge but very modern and great views. Although I did hear several doors closing early in the morning I did not hear any other noise all night. The employees were friendly and helpful. There is a nice gym and pleasant restaurant. My only complaint is no coffee maker in the room. Great location on Sherbrooke and close to shopping and restaurants	
Aug 27 2008 	Very Good Choice	Our family of 4 stayed in two rooms at the Sofitel Montreal for a week. We had a corner Superior King room. Our children had a Deluxe room with 2 double beds. Great location in an upscale residential and business area. Safe, clean and many cafes and dining options in walking distance.  Each room had floor to ceiling windows. The corner room had windows on two sides. The A/C was effective and quiet in each room. The rooms were very clean and quiet. The Deluxe room is larger than the superior (which is a very good size), with much more storage space and a tub as well as shower in the bathroom. The storage space in the superior room was inadaqute for 2 people staying for a week, but we were creative, using every drawer and shelf, and it was OK. The Deluxe room came with a flat screen panel TV, while the superior room had an old fashioned tube TV.  Glass enclosed showers, which doesn't work well for older children sharing a room. The shower in the superior room is very large, and comes with a rain shower as well as a hand held sprayer. The sink was a very attractive bowl design, but very little counter top space. Much more counter top space in the bathroom in the Deluxe room. Granite and marble and upscale fixtures throughout both bathrooms. Comfortable bathrobes.  While many hotels boast of their bed linens, and some offer triple sheeting, this hotel only had a comforter and no top sheet. That was surprising. We asked for a top sheet for each of the beds, which was provided. The pillows were OK. The bath towels and toiletries were of very good quality. The beds were on the firm side, acceptable, but no competition to the Weston Heavenly Bed.  Internet access is extra, at $16 per day. Since we only pay about $25 per month for high speed acess at home, we skipped the internet service in the room, and used one of the 3 free computers located in a business hospitality section of the lobby. The hotel might earn more if they charged $5 per day, which would undoubtedly get more customers for them. Parking is $30 per night. There are many garages in the area that charge much less. Valet service is prompt.  Thanks to the person who wrote about the exchange rates offered by the Omni hotel about a block away. The Omni had much better rates (about 10% better) than the Sofitel.  The entire staff is very accommodating and friendly.  Trendy, modern and large lobby which is very interesting. The lack of storage space in our Superior room, lack of sheeting on the beds, and the beds just being OK are the main drawbacks. Couldn't decide if we should give 4 or 5 stars because of this. Decided to go with 4 stars because as a luxury hotel, these items should be addressed. Would nevertheless stay there again. Recommend Van Houtte Cafe at 400 de Maisonneuve O, just down on Stanley Street about a block away, for breakfast. Although the selection is limited to baked goods, fruit, juice, coffee and tea, the food is a great value, fresh, very clean place and great service	
Aug 27 2008 	Would recommend it	Was very impressed by this hotel - the first Sofitel I've stayed in. We had two adjacent corner rooms with an outside door, which was perfect with two children as we could leave the bedroom doors open. Very clean, bright rooms and extremely comfortable beds. Didn't eat in the hotel or use room service so can't comment on that. Three PC's with free internet use in the hotel lobby, which was enough for our needs. Booked a special which gave the 4th night free plus a picnic - which came in a wicker hamper with plates, cutlery, glasses, really nice food and wine, but which was so heavy you certainly couldn't have taken it outside! Only real complaint was the lack of a kettle or coffee maker in the room. They were happy to provide a fridge, but not a kettle. And the beautiful bathrooms have no locks on the doors, which is a bit peculiar. But other than that, I would certainly use it again.	
Aug 27 2008 	Fantastic !	Wonderful hotel. Service is great, location great. Rooms, beds, bathrooms very nice. After shopping or sightseeing all day it was so nice to walk in to the smell and looks of the candles in the lobby. When I rode the elevator another woman commented on how nice the hotel is.	
Aug 4 2008 	Nice hotel	I stayed here for two nights in October 2007. Check-in was prompt and friendly. The room was very nice and comfortable.The food in the restaurant (French cuisine) was excellent although expensive. The bar area was rather small with seating for about 20. During the weekday evening the bar gets rather crowded with local office workers up to about 8pm so this might not be the ideal place for a quiet drink. The hotel in centrally located. All hotel staff were pleasent and friendly. The service was very good. I would recommend this hotel for both business a leisure traveller.	
Jul 25 2008 	Exactly what I expect from a 5 star Hotel except for the breakfast and views	Exactly what I expect from a 5 star Hotel (very clean, trendy, luxurious, great service, amazing staff, 5 stars amenities, great layout, comfortable trendy rooms,..etc), except for the breakfast and views from your rooms (breaksfasts are too pricey for what they are. They also lack for freshness since I found my benedict eggs to be cold and fruits not that fresh). I was leaving on 10th floor (room 1004) and am being told by some buddies who frequently stay there that that part has the best views I can get from the windows: well, I had couple of rental-buildings in front and a piece of Sherbrooke street on the side...not horrific, but not awesome neither. Overall, a hotel I would highly recommend.PS: I know there's big hype about their beds being comfortable. I tested it and actually the secret is not with the mattress itself, but with the bif layout of comforter they put on that matress. The bed is definitely comfortable eventhough I had not yet ran across a comfortable bed as the one I slept in at Fairmont Tremblant!	
Jul 16 2008 	Very good hotel... a few issues	I just returned from a weekend at the Sofitel and had an overall pretty good experience. I did find it to be a little bit pretentious.I stayed in a Deluxe King which I booked on Expedia during a 24 hour sale. I don't know if I would pay the regular rate of $285/night. Parking is $30/day however we parked at the Renaissance (about a 3 min. walk) for $22. Also room service is EXTREMELY expensive... though I am assuming they are catering to individuals with expense accounts...I found the Concierge to be quite helpful.... though the front desk was a little bit aloof.The rooms were large and the beds were EXTREMELY comfortable! The location is very central and walking distance to downtown (St, Catherine, Cresent Street etc.)The most major annoyance was upon my return I realized they had charged my credit card an extra $200.00. I believe this was a deposit, though I was never informed of such. When I called the hotel I was told the monies would be released in 7 days, so we will see if it is.........	
Jul 15 2008 	Superb!!!	I stayed at the Sofitel for my 30th B-day and I was not disappointed. The hotel is beautiful and modern and the customer service is beyond top notch!	
Jun 4 2008	softitel so nice	This was our second stay. The place is just terrific. The rooms are nicely decorated and I love the giant closet with all the shelves, easy to pack and unpack. The bathrooms are great (though the glass shower doors do leak) The only problem we encountered was with housekeeping. They came fairly late, around 3-4 PM and returned at 6PM to do turndown. We asked them to come back later and that was done. Still annoying if you like an afternoon nap. The rates we got this year were through some montreal website, that listed all the specials in the city, then had you book through the hotel itself. We got a deal where the second night was 50% off and included a full American breakfast. The food at Renoir is on the expensive side so this was a terrific feature of the package. There was no booking fees and cancellation was same day. Better deal than anything on the hotel's website.	
May 27 2008 	5* and a 5* price	Great rooms, excellent service, expensive. I didn't eat at the hotel, didn't buy the internet service, didn't spend one penny beyond the room, parking ($30) and taxes. I had a great stay. The location is convenient for driving to/from, subway, etc. A bit far from Old Montreal, but we walked it in 20 minutes or so.	
May 18 2008 	great locationfriendly staff	This hotel is so well located near the high end stores, McGill and Mount Royal.It is modern, bright and very well run. We belong to Sofitel Privelege so were upgraded and given an early checkin and late checkout.The bar and restaurant are attractive but very modern.I booked the wrong dates online with no changes allowed but the hotel corrected my mistake at no charge.My only problem was that the windows don't open	
Mar 20 2008 	Very nice hotel!	Stayed at the hotel for two nights while in Montreal on business. The room was very nice. The bed was a bit too soft for me but I'm sure it would be just right for most people. The mini bar and room service prices were very expensive but that's to be expected at any high-end hotel. Huge closet and bathroom were a definite plus. The front desk and concierge were very friendly and helpful. The location was excellent, just two blocks from the great shops on Sainte Catherine Street and a few blocks from the Eaton Centre mall. Overall I had a very relaxing and enjoyable stay and would recommend the hotel to anyone.	
Mar 12 2008 	Lovely Hotel	This was my second time staying at a Sofitel property (the first time being in Chicago) and both times were truly remarkable. The Montreal property is exceptionally well run, is impeccably clean, has fantastic room service, offers comfortable beds, and has a very friendly staff. All staff members speak both French and English while offer professional service (all with a bright, cheerful smile). The rooms are spacious, clean, well laid out, and the bed/pillows are very comfortable. Do yourself a favor - stay at this hotel. If you speak French (or learning the language as I am) then stay here and enjoy yourself.	
Jan 25 2008 	exeptionnel	This is a place you dream going to but you don't think it is out there, well my dream came through and i'm very happy to see there are still places out there that know what means customer service.The room are bright and clean , the bathroom has the separate shower and it's in a perfect conditions. All the staff was just exeptionnel.The only thing is the restaurant, not much choice on the evening menu and the prices and not really ..visible..check the bootom right end of the menu (you will see it).Anyway, great hotel, keep up the good job !	
Jan 15 2008 	Excellent	My wife and I stayed at the Sofitel Montreal for 4 nights in January 2006. The hotel was great and we would stay there again in a heartbeat. It was easily on par with some of the other luxury hotels in the area, but at half the price. We got a great deal on hotels.com. We had a corner room, very well appointed. The beds were extremely comfortable and the bathroom was impressive. They had a very adequate fitness center. The front desk was very helpful suggesting restaurants and helping us navigate the underground city.The parking was a bit expensive, but parking in any major city will be. Overall an awesome choice for the money.	
Jan 9 2008 	Who do they think they are - Ritz Carlton?	I really resent hotels these days that charge:$15 per day for Internet$11 for a pint of Guinness ($6.50 in Calgary)...and doesn't have a coffee perc in the room in order to force you to use room service at $10 per large pot. (+plus the room service charge and the &quot;gratuity&quot;, like - thanks for the &quot;service&quot; Sofitel!)Rooms were great, service in restaurant and bar excellent, but they boost the rev par by gouging customers for these things that we are now taking for granted. I get free hi-speed and a coffee machine in a Days Inn for Pete's sake!I will never voluntarily stay at a Sofitel, Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons, all of whom feel that they can grind their customers like this.	
Jan 5 2008 	Loved the hotel 	Very nice hotel, location is great (right in the centre), and very good service. A well-recommended hotel to stay. (if I had to criticise one thing, it would be the Hotel/restaurant Renoir.. service is poor and food VERY expensive. I personnally thing it is overstated and not worth it. It is better to go in a restaurant downtown.	
Dec 22 2007 	loved the stay	rooms are not that big..but loved everything else about it!! very very clean...convenient location, great environment and great staff...must stay!	
Nov 12 2007 	The Love is in the Details	Booked into the Sofitel quickly &amp; easily. The staff were friendly and extended the check out time without question. The room was clean with little extras like slippers and a candle in the bathroom. We had turn down service every night. Ordered room service which arrived quickly. Ordered the small coffee and four cups later, still had coffee left over. BTW, coffee everywhere in Montreal is excellent! The location is close to everything but do beware of the greedy cab drivers who take you on a tour of Old Montreal to increase their fares.	
Nov 7 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	Pros:- Sofitel Beds are the best.- Room was very spacious (two armchairs, one desk, large bathroom w/ separate shower)- Turndown Service, was excellent- Housekeeping responded to all my requests very quickly- Concierge was very helpful and knowledgeable. Recommended a few very good restaurants- Valet was very efficient at bringing my car up front when I asked for it- Overall, staff was very friendlyDisappointents:- The Fitness room is tiny and a little dull- The room only had a pair of slippers, though two guests were staying in the rooms. Housekeeping had a second pair brought up within 3minutes.Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel. The lobby is very cosy and has a nice collection of books (beautiful art and photography books). The service was excellent and the rooms were very nice and clean.	
Nov 2 2007 	Very good hotel	Stayed in this hotel for three nights which was a very nice experience. Hotel staff was very friendly and helpfull. The guys at the door know everything about Montreal and they're happy to share their knowledge. My room was very large and very clean. The bathroom was one of the nicest (and biggest) I've ever seen. Breakfast was very good, but it takes some time to get it. Having breakfast in less then 30 minutes is impossible. You have to order from a menu. A lot of choice. No buffet. Location of the hotel is very good. Great hotel!	
Oct 28 2007 	A cut above	I never understood Canada's hotel star rating system. It seems that all the hotels have either three stars or four stars and they are pretty much the same. I had stayed in various chain hotels in Vancouver, Ottawa, Toronto and Montreal and they were truly unremarkable with nothing to write home about.My wife and I stayed at the Montreal Sofitel hotel for three nights in early October. Finally, we found a hotel in Montreal that is clearly a cut above the others in Montreal that I had stayed in.First, the hotel is in a good location but then most of the large hotels in that city are. Sofitel's staff was extremely friendly and personable, reminded me of good hotels in Europe. All services were prompt and professional. The breakfast was quite refined and upscale.The hotel is nicely decorated and well polished. It does not have the usual &quot;looking good but a bit run-down&quot; scene like a few hotels in Montreal. The bed was truly heavenly. The size of the room was along the line of regular run-of-the-mill but the bathroom was large and posh. However, I did have to upgrade to a different room in order to get a bathtub and showers. Apparently, some of their rooms have standalone showers only.I'd definitely recommend this hotel over the others especially if the prices are similar.	
Oct 23 2007 	Great Location nice staff	I really enjoyed our stay at the Sofitel. The hotel was in a great location....we walked to Mont Royal, the Musee des Beaux Arts, and the shopping nightlife on Rue St. Catherine's. Also, only 2 blocks to catch the metro. The room was very nice, with a very comfy bed, although it did dip and I almost fell off the side both nights. Bathroom was very large and modern. I enjoyed dessert and after dinner drinks in the bar in the lobby. Great service there. It was noisy- fire engines roared down Sherbrooke about 6 times during the night and woke me up everytime. The room that abutted our room was host to 2 dogs that yapped for 2 hours until we called the front desk to complain, and then they miraculously stopped. I'm not sure what they did with the dogs! I would stay there again.	
Oct 23 2007 	Very nice	Stayed at the Sofitel in Montreal on my honeymoon for 1 night on October 8th. The room on the 17th floor is very nice. Bed very comfortable, spacious room. Very nice bathroom. Staff was friendly and valet parking was good. It takes about 5 minutes to get your car once you have informed the concierge. In all we enjoyed our stay at the Sofitel and will stay again there.	
Oct 18 2007	Nice hotel but avoid the restaurant	Stayed for 3 nights Oct 11 to 14 2007. Family of 4 with 2 teenage daughters. We had the quad room with 2 double beds. Usually, in other hotels, the quad rooms have 2 queen beds. These beds were small and tilted outwards. Had to be careful not to roll off. The size of the room was large which is why I can't understand the small beds. All the staff was extremely polite with the exception of the staff in the dining room. On our first morning in the restaurant I had to ask for coffee 3 times. I asked the waitress if I could have something a little different than what was on the menu, such as a grilled sandwich or something less heavy than what they offered, but she said they were too busy and the chef would say no as he was preparing to switch over to the lunch menu. There were only 3 tables with diners, so I couldn't figure out the &quot;busy&quot; comment. Also there must have been 20 staff members walking around acting as if they were &quot;working&quot;. Finally I ordered a $12 soup which was average.Needless to say, we never set foot in there again during our stay!!This also happened to other family members who were traveling with us but on a different occassion. They had to ask for coffee 4 times!! Won't stay there again, many other hotels near by.	
Oct 14 2007 	Solid choice in heart of city	Wife and I stayed in Sofitel over Colbus Day weekend. Got good deal through hotel website, probably I assume because tourist season is largely over. This hotel admittedly caters more to a business crowd. That being said, the hotel is centrally located. Very easy to walk either to St. Catherine, Boul St. Laurent or up to Mont Royal. Service at the hotel was very good, bed unimaginably comfortable, and nice bar area. Somewhat pricey at the bar and never tried the restaurant.	
Oct 12 2007 	Corporate comfort quiet convenient...	The Sofitel in Montreal is a sleek, modernist business-class hotel that's only a block from McGill University and right at the top of the central business and shopping district. Rooms are quiet and comfortable (though you should ask for a room not facing the front), amenities are pleasant, and the front desk staff and concierge were very efficient. The only thing I can fault was the expensive prix fixe, three-course menu that our group of six (all hotel guests) was forced to order from, in the hotel dining room. Unfortunately the food was a bit esoteric if not pretentious, and the quality not up to the level of the cost. This might have worked in Beverly Hills, California, but a business class hotel in downtown Montreal should have a dining room or cafe that offers mainstream fare at reasonable prices. Room service also disappointed slightly, with a pot of lukewarm coffee (which was promptly remedied).	
Sep 22 2007	We liked Sofitel --few issues	Generally an excellent hotel in a great location on Rue Sherbrooke.The rooms are modern with very comfortable beds and bedding. Nice size modern bathrooms. Lots of storage space. The room had floor to ceiling windows but not a super view--apartment right across the street. The very modern lobby was very attractive . The lobby had 2 computers in a little nook, that were mostly always in use.The room appeared to be very clean---but we were kind of grossed-out when upon opening a fresh robe we found lots of hair snippets on the collar- like someone had a haircut in it and it wasn't washed. The Hotel did replace it rather quickly after being told of it. That, and a wobbly toilet were the only problems we had.Every staff member encountered was extremely pleasant and helpful.Despite these minor things I would go back to the Sofitel---realizing it is a good 4 star, but not close to a five star.	
Sep 16 2007	Very good option	Excellent choice both for business and holiday purposes. Very good location, close to McGill, shops, and restaurants.Well keeped and nice views from the top rooms.	
Sep 11 2007 	The Sofitel ROCKS!	Our group stayed at The Sofitel for my bachelorette party the third week in August. It was a fantastic location for this event as it was close to all the shopping on St. Catherines st. and all the bars/clubs and restaurants on Crescent st. Both venues were a mere 10 minutes away, saving us a ton on cab rides!The room was small to average size - we had booked 2 queens in our room, but the bathroom was HUGE - lots of marble, a soaker tub and glass enclosed shower. No rain showerhead though in ours. The beds are sooo incredibly comfortable, that 2 people in our group went to Simons and bought the pillows!Parking was around $30/night I think? Valet with in/out privileges. Concierge was fantastic and managed to secure a reservation for 10 of us at Garde Manger in Old Montreal, when our head party planner could not even get them to pick up the phone at the restaurant!Loved the bar for their typical pricey drinks. But they had a good selection of cocktails, delicious nuts, olives and an amuse bouche. Perfect after a long day of shopping.Room Service menu was sparse and definitely lacking. I've seen better at other luxury hotels.I would definitely stay at the Sofitel again - purely for the location and comfy beds/contemporary decor.	
Sep 4 2007 	An amazing stay	We were extremely happy at the Sofitel. It is centrally located, within an easy walk of two metro lines, lots of places to eat and lots of shopping. The room was small, but had everything we wanted, had views from two sides, and was extremely quiet. The rain-shower shower head was a nice touch and towels were freshened during the evening turn-down service. The staff was extremely helpful, although the concierge seemed surprised when we preferred to take the metro/walk rather than take a cab. The bar staff was very friendly and the continental breakfast, while expensive, easily serves two people. We would certainly stay here again.	
Sep 3 2007 	Do NOT Stay Here	This was hands down the worst hotel experience of my life. I had my cash and credit cards stolen from my room while I went to the lobby for 5 minutes and over $1500 worth of fraudulent charges racked up on my accounts within minutes. The management, while admitting housekeeping had entered my room twice for no apparent reason after I checked in, of course would take no responsibility. The carpet was filthy and there were stains all over the baseboards. Would expect a cleaner room from a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel. The mattresses sagged and were very uncomfortable.If you have to stay here, use the safe. I would recommend the Delta Centre Ville or the Intercontinental instead.	
Aug 29 2007 	Loved it	It was fantastic! Great location, great services and wonderful views. Everything was CLEAN and modern. Staff and concierge were very friendly and extremely helpful.Will definitely stay here again!	
Aug 27 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	My daughter &amp; I stayed at the Sofitel to facilitate a &quot;Shopping Weekend&quot; in Montreal (I'm from the West Coast). The staff at this hotel are terrific (Normand...we love you!). The location was great; the room small but comfy; the beds amazing.....We had drinks at the hotel bar &amp; altho pricey it was worth the extra $ just to soak up the atmosphere.All in all, I would rate the Sofitel as a true 5* hotel.	
Aug 19 2007	Sofitel was Fantastic	My wife and I stayed here for our first wedding anniversary. It was our first trip to Montreal. Neither one of us can say enough good about the staff. They were the best. From directions to late night stores and restaurants, they knew it all. We were able to plan our days efficiently with their help. Most places we were able to walk to. When you are in the old city stop by Casa de Mateo for excellent Mexican food at a reasonable price. It is on Saint Francois Xavier. Two others we recommend are on Peel St. They are the Peel Pub and La Belle Province. Both supply an ample portion of food for a very pocket friendly price. My wife and I will definitely revisit Montreal again. PS- avoid the Casino, it sucked.	
Aug 14 2007 	Nice hotel at a nice price	Overall it was a nice hotel. We're good walkers and made it to Chinatown and the vieux port on foot from the Sofitel, but if you had kids along it would probably be too far from everywhere you want to be. The room was tiny as was the bathroom, but both were good quality and very clean. The bed linens were the best...I wish I had those at my house. We really enjoyed the nice view from the room.Parking was way too expensive but I didn't notice any other options nearby. I wouldn't bother eating at the restaurant unless breakfast was included as ours was. BTW, if you go to the official Montreal website they have hotel deals that actually are a deal. And we got a little gift to boot.	
Aug 9 2007 	Excellent hotel	This hotel was amazing. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in and the room was very quiet. The decor was great - especially the bathroom. Location was good although a bit of a walk to Old Montreal but you can buy day travel passes on the underground for $8.50 which makes the trip only about 10 mins.The hotel staff were very friendly although the concierge wasn't that helpful. He only recommended restaurants and bars that were in a 5 min radius of the hotel!! We went out for breakfast every day and I would recommend Eggspectation for it's huge choice of fab breakfasts. Although go to the one in Old Montreal (Rue St Jacques) not the one on Rue St Catherine as the staff are a lot friendlier.	
Aug 4 2007 	Great Overall	This was our third stay at this hotel, so of course we must like it. This time around what really stood out was the very friendly and efficient staff. We had a package that included breakfast, and we also had a drink in the bar. This increased our exposure to the staff and every contact was excellent.This is our preferred choice when staying downtown and not in Old Montreal. The reasons are simple. The rooms are very nice with a modern look, and floor to ceiling windows. The bathrooms are large and luxurious with marble, and most with separate shower and tub. The beds, as many have commented, are very comfortable. The location is also great, close to the metro, shopping, and restaurants. A walk to Old Montreal will take you about twenty minutes. The hotel restaurant and bar are sleek looking and have outdoor seating available during the warm weather months. The hotel gym is nice but very small. In a corner of the lobby is an internet center available free to guests, a nice amenity that we wished more hotels provided. One thing to be aware of is that there do not seem to be any connecting rooms, but the doors to the hallway are loud when they close. One suggestion for the hotel management is that it is time to replace the old TVs and put in some flat screens to enhance the modern look of the rooms. There are a lot of great boutique hotels in Old Montreal but if your choice is the center of town, then the Sofitel is a great place to stay.	
Jul 31 2007	Close to Perfect	This is a beautiful building, staffed by extraordinarily competent and welcoming people, in a perfect location for business, shopping, dining, and cultural sites. It is about 3 blocks from McGill University in one direction, and the same distance from the dazzling new Museum of Fine Arts in the opposite direction. The pedestrian path up Mount Royal begins just 2-3 blocks away. The Old Port area is a10-minute taxi ride, however, so if that is your principal interest, you might prefer one of the hotels that are located closer.Everything about the hotel is stunningly maintained. We took special pleasure in the beautiful outside dining terrace, with its flowering trees, and in the glass-walled lobby, restaurant, and bar. These public spaces are bright, sunny, and airy by day and become mellow at night, when glass-enclosed candles are placed at many points and many levels on the window frames. The lobby is especially pleasant, because it is lined on one side by a fine library of books about Montreal. They are there to be enjoyed. Though not cheap, the food and service in the restaurant can't be beat. Suffice it to say that even in this city filled with glorious restaurants, we chose to eat dinner in the hotel twice.Our room was one of the smallest, because we had a summer package (including full breakfast and complimentary Champagne every day) and were paying less than the full market rate. Even so, it had handsome wood panneling, a supremely comfortable bed, and a lovely bathroom where the shower could be adjusted three ways, including a &quot;rain-forest&quot; effect from above. One entire wall was composed of floor-to-ceiling glass, and even though we were on one of the lower floors, we enjoyed fine views, day and night. Twice-a-day housekeeping was discreet: We barely saw a maid, but as soon we left the room, the room was instantly made up.In a perfect world, there are three things we would have changed about the room. The ventillation blew directly onto the only lounge chair, making it uncomfortable to use. The carpet , although of excellent quality, was stained in a couple of places. And, as in most up-scale hotels, the only bed covering was a duvet that was too hot to sleep under. Why do hotels think these hot, smothering duvets are what everyone wants?The bottom line is that this is not only a great , but also a welcoming, easy-to-enjoy hotel in one of the world's most cosmopolitan cities. My family and I would return to the Sofitel Montreal in a flash.	
Jul 3 2007	Nice but noisey	At the risk of being the person who gives a hotel a 3 out of 5 and doesn't have anything substantial to back it up; the Sofitel Montreal is a very nice hotel. The beds are extremely comfortable, the rooms are quite nice &amp; the restaurant was also great. A few minor issues were annoying enough that I likley won't return. Perhaps we were just unlucky, but we had a very noisey room. I am not a light sleeper and was awoken to the sounds of doors slamming &amp; hotel staff talking loudly in the halls. We were there for 4 nights &amp; had the same problem every day. This is a show stopper in my mind, hotels are for sleeping, if you cannot do this there is a problem.The second issue was our key card, on two different nights it wouldn't work. Not a huge deal, but after a few beverages and a late night marching back down to reception was quite annoying. The reception seemed to be aware of the issue, which makes you wonder why they don't fix it. Our third and final beef was the $15/day internet charge. We have traveled extensively throughout the world and have never paid such a high fee. You know when you just feel like you are getting ripped off?We would likely try elsewhere next time.	
Jun 15 2007 	Ahh the Beds	Once again Tripadvisor has come up trumps.I have found nothing to fault in this hotel and as previous reviewers have raved the Sofitel has enormous and possibly the most comfortable beds anywhere. Pillowtop plus if such a thing exists! Don`t know if its a coincidence but even the Neutrogena products that a previous reviewer disliked appear to have been replaced. The staff (and there are a lot of them) are very friendly, helpful and in a city with a confusing number of great dining opportunities, the concierge and his team identified very memorable dining experiences for me. Its easy sometimes when travelling alone to find large chain hotels impersonal and unfriendly but I have felt very well looked after indeed here. You can book the Sofitel with confidence.	
Jun 4 2007 	Worth the 7 Hour Drive	I traveled to Montreal with my boyfriend from March 30th-April1st. Being a fan of tripadvisor, I rely on it for all my trips and I must say it was a very pleasant stay. The hotel itself is very pretty and clean, the room was a bit on the small side, however everything else was great. They have the most comfortable beds that I've ever had the privilege to sleep on in a hotel. The bathrooms are really nice, marble from ceiling to floor. The staff was very friendly and always ready to help. I would recommend it to anyone who goes to Montreal.	
Jun 1 2007 	Almost Five Stars	The Sofitel Montreal is a nice hotel. The public spaces and the restaurant Renoir and Le Bar are beautiful and contemporary. The rooms and service, however, leave a bit to be desired.While I suspect most people would find the hotel, and its rooms and facilities acceptable, if not enjoyable on any level, hotel snobs be warned that there are some areas for improvement. For those people I will note the good and the bad. First, the bed and bed linens are fantastic -- better than the Ritz Cartlon chain's. There are a few drawbacks to the room itself. We stayed in a deluxe room and found it a bit small and the furnishings a bit ikea-ish. The bath, with separate shower and tub, was quite attractive, but the bath products were Neutrogena and the tub was not large. Turndown service was hit or miss -- sometimes not occurring at all; and the morning paper was delivered quite late in the morning.So, you can get a great sleep, good food and good cocktails at the Sofitel, but don't expect the world. Think hip new Hyatt, not Mandarin Oriental.	
May 31 2007 	Excellent Hotel - especially when you consider the price	Excellent hotel for the $200 USD that we paid. The front desk staff was very friendly and fast. The room was clean and new with things where they should be. Highly recommend the hotel.	
May 28 2007 	simply the best	We booked this hotel through Quebec Tourism for four days in May. Their Sweet Deal included 2-person breakfast for 2 days and reduced room rate. This superb hotel is located 2 blocks from McGill University and the metro, 2 blocks from St. Catherine Street (the hip and happening address), with many moderately priced restaurants in a 2-block area. Our large room on the 16th floor faced west (towards the park), accommodated 3 adults in 2 beds, and had huge closets with mirrored doors. The bathroom, in grey, white and black marble, was oversized and spotless. Heavy terrycloth robes and slippers were a nice touch. Although breakfast in Renoir restaurant was expensive, our &quot;deal&quot; allowed us to eat there twice. The food and service was outstanding -- it is worth the price for such exquisite cuisine. The concierge had excellent recommendations for nearby restaurants and daily outings. The spa had many exercise machines and a sauna. Three computers offered Internet service for free just off the lobby. The eclectic decor added to our complete enjoyment of this property.	
May 10 2007 	Great Stay	The hotel was very modern and comfortable and what is most noticeable is the service and attitude of those who work there. A professionalism,sincerety and willingness to help that is not easily found in the US. Bed was comfortable and the Internet service in the lobby appreciated. Lighting in the room was surperb. Thanks Simon (the conceirge) for letting me use your computer when the others were occupied. I did not like that the bathroom door didn't close completely. Weird design but otherwise A +++	
Apr 10 2007 	Great Place	We stayed at Sofitel Montreal for 5 days last week in March and we will return in the summer. The staff goes out if its way to make you feel at home . The beds and pillows are very comfortable. The hotel rooms are super clean , super quiet . And you cant beat the location which is walking distance from Hip Cresent st and a block away from Peel Metro station. To top it off we had a safe desposit box in the closet that made us feel extra safe with out passports and money . KUDOS TO SOFITEL	
Apr 6 2007 	Happy at the Sofitel	Thanks for the good advice from trip advisor. We stayed four nights at this lovely hotel and enjoyed the location, the clean, spacious, quiet and well apointed room. The bed was very comfortable. I requested synthetic pillows and a top sheet and my needs were met quickly. The service was helpful and the valet parking was convenient. My car was available quickly when needed. Some tips.......If you have allergies, bring your own soap. Scentless soaps were not available. Breakfast was expensive at the hotel , and the suggestion for eggspectation was ok, but too much food. I found that next door the best western had a take out coffee and toast, muffins etc. Very convienient and reasonably priced. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 2 2007 	Good surprise	I was wonderfully surprised when staying in the Sofitel. The location is very convenient, if you want to stay downtown. Only blocks away from St Catherine or Crescent street. The room was bigger than what I anticipated, but I had booked a king room w/seperate shower and bath. Guess that's still spacier than a standard room. Bathroom was most convenient with walk-in shower and complimentary bathrobe. Very good service and nice athmosphere in lobby bar. On the negative : very expensive minibar. Strongly recommend and I will stay here again.	
Mar 29 2007	Luxury in downtown Montreal	My wife and I stayed here in March 07. After missing our connecting flight to Cassablanca and spending 10 hours to travel the usual one hour from Toronto to Montreal, we were relieved to check into this wonderful hotel.Accomodations are modern, bright and spacious. Staff were very helpful in arranging flights for us.We ate a late breakfast in the restaurant. Food was incredible and service excellent.We would definitely return to this hotel on our next visit to Montreal.	
Mar 22 2007 	Nice place good location tiny room	The Sofitel in Montreal is located on Rue Sheerbroock (?), not too far from the places everything is happening. What impressed me from the start was the beautiful lobby, which comes in a nice combination of dark marble, wood and glass.My room was on the 4th floor, a little tiny in my eyes. But the design was good, the bed was spacious and very soft. The bathroom did not have a tub, but the walk-in shower did the job quite well.My rate included free webaccess and free continental breakfast. The breakfast was really good, very French in fact. They serve fresh coffee in bodum presses, which makes it taste good.Overall, I must say it was a great stay.	
Mar 6 2007 	Loved it!!	I stay there for only a night but it was beautiful!! We had a beautiful buisness class at the 16th floors!! The only bad thing was that in the mini bar the soda can was 4,75 CAN$!!! We order the dinner in the room from the Renoir hotel restaurant, it was good!! I really recommand this hotel!! A++++	
Jan 31 2007 	Relaxing stay	My boyfriend lives in Montreal just four blocks away from the Sofitel but planned a romantic weekend getaway at the hotel on one of my trips up from New York City. It was everything we hoped it would be. Great service, though the concierge was a bit snotty when asked about local dining options, and the room was lovely. The room's decor lent itself to a relaxing atmosphere and the bathroom was perfect (separate shower and bath). Overall a great place to stay!	
Dec 2 2006 	Impeccable Service!	Without having visited Montreal previously, we were stuck on which hotel to book. Primarily based on TripAdvisor comments, we selected the Sofitel and were so glad we did.Pro's: - Incredibly professional yet friendly service from all staff. There seemed to be nothing the capable concierges could not produce on the spot. Local directions and recommendations, tax exemption forms, taxi hailing, and complimentary umbrella use for rainy days were just a few of the services they handled quickly and politely.- Expensive room service, but worth every penny. We saw previous comments questioning the $19 cheeseburger - It was worth it! The filet, pizza, and Quebec cheese selections were also awesome.- Good sized room. I think we were upgraded, but the room was very large, had excellent beds, good English and French TV channels, remote TV speaker and phone line in bathroom, day and nightly service, superb bathroom including designer sink and fixtures, and overhead rainshower shower head.- Gym was adequate and accessable 24 hours.- Two PCs in the lobby gave good service as we did not bring a laptop with us.- Location. This hotel is right downtown, within a block of the metro, underground shopping mall access, and first-rate department stores. McGill University, shopping on St. Catherine St. and Crescent St dining are all within 1 to four blocks.Con's:- Some will continue to say this property and restaurant are too expensive, with which I disagree. My rate was more than reasonable given the hotel quality. A 5 star property will never be bargain basement, but you certainly receive all that you pay for at this property.Unsolicited plug: The breakfast recommendation of &quot;Eggspectations&quot; in previous reviews is spot-on. Well-prepared, innovative dishes fill the menu, all at very reasonable cost, with bright and engaging wait staff. You guessed it - we wouldn't hesitate to stay here again if back in Montreal.	
Dec 1 2006 	Stylish Oasis in a Chilly City	As a business and vacation traveller from NYC, I have sought out Sofitel Hotels as an excellent choice for a consistent, clean and well serviced hotel in many US cities. When my husband and I chose to get away from the usual family hubbub for a long weekend over the busy Thanksgiving Holiday, by driving to Montreal, we booked the Sofitel naturally. Not only because we had excellent stays in other Sofitel hotels in the past, but the ratings for the Montreal Sofitel was so favorable on Trip Advisor.When we arrived, after a lovely drive through the Adirondacks of New York State, we were greeted by friendly, bilingual doorman &quot;Buon Jour!&quot; and check-in desk service people. Everyone was consistently friendly and always tried their best to deliver ideal service. From the first hello, to the waitstaff in the bar/lounge and the goodbye packing up our car, all were kind and personable. The room we had reserved at a very competitive rate, was clean as always and well appointed. We had a corner room on a high floor which afforded us two walls of windows, a large L-shaped room, ridiculously wonderful bed and stylish bathroom. (Has anyone seen nicer bathrooms at any hotels in the same price range as Sofitel?) The maid service was very kind and attentive, delivering weather reports, bottles of evian and chocolates every evening. Something I always seek is peace and quiet in a hotel, especially in a busy city, and this Sofitel delivered. We never heard anyone in the halls or in their neighboring rooms and the hotel was quite full. Location was great and the bar/lounge area was very nice. I have to state a couple of downsides, so here they are: 1. The restaurant, Picasso, while quite elegant and very french, didn't really have that extensive a menu. The first night there, we wanted to use their guest card for a free cocktail, but the bar and restaurant was packed with a convention meeting booked for the night. Why have the area open, if you can't get in?We recommend the Sofitel in Montreal highly to anyone looking for a nice getaway from the states. Its smart, stylish, fun and definitely the best you can get for your dollar. Tres Bien!	
Nov 27 2006 	first class all the way	Wow, stayed at the holiday inn express downtown for a few days which was great, then business took me to the sofitel for a few days. Wow! I do not stay at first class hotels to often and what a treat it was. Great service from the second we left our car, the doormen were prof. the desk staff was prof. the room staff was prof. people who seemed to enjoy their work...what a concept. The Hotel is an old converted office building that opened I think about five years ago. It is centrally located on sherbrooke street close to st. catherine street (shopping) cresent street and mckay street(bars every where) (restaurants everywhere). Close to shopping malls(cours mount royal is one) for those cold winter nights and the famous st. catherine street is just a few blocks away. You can even walk to the bell center to watch a hockey game if you don't mind walking abit. The rooms were small but the beds were like sleeping on a cloud, it was so soft and fluffy that it was hard to see the person next to you...well almost. The bathrooms were super clean marble throughout and the shower had a hand held and a overhead rain shower....hmmm heaven, all surrounded by floor to ceiling glass doors. the windows overlooking the city where also floor to ceiling and when the sun did come out the view was pretty spectacular. I am not sure if we were on the other side if we would have been able to see mount royal or if buildings would block that view. It would be worth asking i am sure the view would be spectacular.For those of you who like to hit a morning run you have trails going up to mount royal right behind the hotel that are challenging and safe for all joggers(remember it still is a big city)The restaurant in the hotel was top notch but your selection of eateries within close proximity to the hotel are unlimited. from hot dog joints to 5 star restaurants, oh ,and a starbucks just down the street.The hotel is expensive but if you want to kick back for a few days and impress your partner(s) then this would be the place..	
Nov 25 2006 	Great stay at the Sofitel	I had a nice stay in the Sofitel in August. Beautiful rooms,and good service in a fantastic location. Friendly and professional valet service. One of the best breakfasts in Montreal.The only small problem was that we had booked all 4 of our rooms on Expedia, and breakfast was to be included, but for some reason the hotel would only provide breakfast vouchers for 3 of the rooms, even though there were 5 people staying in the 4 rooms. It wasn't clear why some rooms came with vouchers, and others did not, considering they all were booked at the same time and for the same rate. We reached a compromise, where the hotel agreed to pay for 4 of the 5 breakfasts.	
Nov 14 2006 	First time not last	With a daughter at McGill, we have tried various hotels while visiting Montreal but the Sofitel always seemed a place we have wanted to try. Well, great for us; too bad for the other hotels. Cannot imagine staying anywhere else. The staff are professional and charming, the rooms, while not particulary large are clean, nicely decorated and have wonderful comfy linens, duvets and pillows. And the bathroom is great. While we didnt have a chance to try the restaurant, fitness room, etc; we love how the lobby iis aglow in candles at night; hallways have potpourri, so lovely smells when you get off the elevator; ample television channel choice in the room and a terrific location. Sofitel will now be our hotel of choice in Montreal.	
Oct 29 2006	Excellent All the Way Around	Excellent all the way in every way. From the friendly bellman to the smiling and helpful check-in staff, to the sumptuous rooms to the little extras, this hotel had it all.Highlights include a library in the lobby, well-stocked gift shop, and an extraordinary staff.Only lowlight would be an ill-equipped small fitness center.Overall, an excellent stay and highly recommended.	
Oct 22 2006 	Excellent as usual	Stayed a monday and tuesday at two different rates for each night ($172ca and $156ca). Room was compact but perfectly appointed with every luxury. Bathroom amenities are wonderful as is the seperate shower with the rain head. The bed is blissfully comfortable with feather mattresses and duvets to disappear into.Hotel restaurant is expensive for breakfast, however what a breakfast! High end delicious with wonderful service to match. Room service is excellent as well.Only complaint is that they charge an extra $15.00 Ca every 24hrs for Internet access which is really tacky in this day and age as opposed to no charge or one charge for the whole stay.	
Oct 17 2006 	Superior in every way!	Our entire experience at this hotel was excellent. We arrived at 11:45 am and figured we would just drop our bags and car and walk around the city until we could check in. To our complete surprise our room was ready (before noon!) and we were greeted warmly, checked-in quickly and before we knew it we had dropped our bags in our room, freshened up and were out enjoying the city.The room wasn't huge but was furnished and decorated beautifully, from the featherbed to the marble bath to the candle in the entryway. We usually stay at the Omni when we're in Montreal but we have certainly found our new favorite and will definitely return again!	
Oct 5 2006 	I Love this Hotel Chain!!!!!	I've stayed at other Sofitel locations, and each keep getting better and better. I have absolutely no complaints about this hotel chain. It can be pricey depending on the season but you pay what you get for. The service, food, amenities etc are exquisite. Definitely worth it!!!!!	
Oct 4 2006 	Don't Know Why Sofitel Is Not #1	My wife and I stayed at the Sofitel during her parent's 50th anniversary weekend. We sometimes stay at the parents house, but the foam on the basement floor wears thin after 17 years of parental visits - wonderful as they are.I have often stayed in Montreal on business or other visits, and have stayed in a number of hotels, notably the Fairmont many times, the Vogue and several others.The Sofitel may not have free internet access and other freebees offered by other big chains - but what it does have is rooms that are incredibly clean and fresh; beds and linens that are to die for; rooms that are VERY quiet (you never hear anyone beside or above you), bathrooms that are actually big enough to move around in and some (not quite all) staff that are very attentive. We were there for 3 nights, and after the first day the doorman knew my name. The valet parking is swift, and cost in line with any other downtown hotel. The location is one of the best - and even though our room faced busy Sherbrooke street, the traffic sounds were not too disturbing. Still I would go for a room at the &quot;back&quot; of the hotel next time. You are steps from McGill, Holt Renfrew, the major art Museums, Crecent Street and the downtown core. The hallways have a wonderful pot-pourrie that form some reason reminds me of Hawaii. Don't know what it is but want it for my hallways at home. Agree with other posts that recommend walking a few blocks to the Eggspectation for a great breakfast at a reasonable cost. Be prepared for a busy spot - it's very popular among Montrealers. Don't be shy - 2 can often jump the line that may be standing around the front door. I am sure there are other places nereby - you are in the heart of downtown Montreal.	
Oct 4 2006 	Good Location	Good location, beautiful rooms, hi tech, impersonal hotel.Check in was efficient, lacked warmth. The room was really wonderful. Location is great, you can walk to the downtown area from here. The concierge sent us-a family -to a restaurant that was more geared to singles. Perhaps he owned a piece of it. Go down to Crescent Street, if you are looking for restaurants and enjoy the people watching.	
Sep 4 2006 	Luxurious Accommodating Central Location	We stayed at the Sofitel Montreal for five nights this August and truly enjoyed the experience. We booked directly through their website and got a special non-refundable Internet rate for a suite for $255 (CAD)/night. Check-in was simple and we were assigned a corner suite, 620, without much of a view (didn't really matter to us). Decor is modern, bathroom is unbelievably great. Marble/granite floors with soaking tub, separate shower, two-sink vanity, bathrobes, slippers, lovely amenities. High-speed Internet access was $15 (CAD)/day. Bed was incredibly comfortable and we're considering buying it for our home. Because of our schedules, we spent lots of time in the room and maid service was very accommodating. They would call us at 3PM to ask us if we needed our room cleaned, and we would frequently just request new towels at turndown. (If you saw the Trip Advisor review saying maid service only upon request, that wasn't our experience.) Front desk will change up to $100 daily to CAD at OK exhange rates without a processing fee. We had originally reserved the Ritz-Carlton Montreal but after reading the reviews on this site switched to the Sofitel. Was very pleased and would definitely consider staying here again.	
Sep 3 2006	Absaloutly Beautiful	This was by far one of the best hotels we have been to. The hotel was beautiful. Large spacious rooms, large marbled bathrooms which even has a seperate glass shower. And oh my those beds...they sell their famous feather filled duvets, once u sleep in one of them u melt into the bed!!Great friendly service. We were even given lots of free bottles of Evian mineral water every evening!!! YES EVIAN!!!!No complaints....extra tip...skip breakfast at the hotel and walk a couple of blocks to Eggspectations, for a great value filling breakfast that keeps u full till dinner time!!	
Aug 27 2006 	dont book third party	I booked this hotel through Hotels[-]. The promo rate was 133 a night and that was to include breakfast. The next morning I went down for breakfast but was told my rate was a bargin rate and did not include breakfast. I had to deal with Hotels[-] for a while before getting it resolved and we never did get the breakfast (hotels[-] issued me a credit for the breakfast amt, which by the way was 22 dollars a person for a continental breakfast!!!! ie. juice and muffin....so I guess I am glad they lost the info) However I had to ask several times to get a cup of coffee. Evidently the hotel only puts out complimentary coffee until 7:30 am! Who gets up that early on vacation? After 7:30 one has to go to the restaraunt and pay through the nose for a cup, I thought this was a four star hotel? One the other side of things the location is great, the service is excellent. The hotel as well is very clean.	
Aug 26 2006 	Nice room luxurious bathroom extra services very expensive	We spent four nights here the beginning of August in a deluxe room. Our original plan was to stay at the Residence Inn, but because of a mix-up in the reservation we booked this hotel last minute for about the same price. The room was very nice and bright and had a very luxurious bath with a lighted mirror and a smaller magnifying makeup mirror and the bath had marble floors and shower surround and a separate tub. The counter was black granite however the counter space was a little skimpy. The beds had wonderful luxurious bedding, however the layer that was on top of the mattress ( felt like an extra duvet) made it a little too soft for me, and probably for most people that might have back problems. The carpet had several small stains as you enter the room, but overall I thought the cleanliness was good. I thought the room was a good value, ( I think we got it for less than some because we booked it at the last minute and they had dropped the prices.) Everything else at this hotel was very expensive and everything was an add on including in-room internet. We spent 50 dollars for breakfast the first morning and after that we scouted for cheaper alternatives. We found a Van Houtte cafe on 2020 Rue Stanley that was not great but ok . We found it hard to find a decent, reasonably priced place near there for breakfast. It would have been nice to have a coffee maker in the room. Room service coffee was also very expensive. The parking was ten dollars more per night than at the Residence Inn . Overall the people were friendly and helpful. The location of this hotel is really good, right near good restaurants and close to the subway. There were a couple of charges that were in error, one from the in -room bar and the other for a movie we didn't watch, but they were removed once we called their attention to them.One night we ate at Garcon, right across the street . This restaurant is excellent, although pricey. We also ate at Cavalli at 2040 Rue Peel. We felt this place was a rip-off. The food was ok, not exceptional and the prices were higher than at Garcon.	
Aug 12 2006 	A little bit of luxury!	The Sofitel was a breath of fresh air! The rooms were extremely clean, the beds WONDERFULLY comfortable (both the actual bed and sheets) and the bathroom first rate. We stayed for 4 nights and had a wonderful time. The housekeeping in the hotel is really first rate as well-- the turn down service is very good and they really pay attention to details. We ate breakfast elsewhere to avoid the steep prices and used street parking when we could. Overall, a great stay and I would happily return to a sofitel.	
Aug 8 2006 	'A la carte' is French for 'read the fine print.'	So we were looking for a last-minute weekend getaway, and Montreal seemed an easy drive north to escape the oppressive heat in NJ. We chose Sofitel based on knowledge of the brand, plus reader reviews at TripAdvisor. It is, indeed, a modern business hotel a couple of blocks south of University, within walking distance of Vieux Montreal if you like a long walk. (There is no shortage of taxis and easy underground access if you don't.)Looking for a promotional rate, we found a suite on Sofitel's 16th floor (17 is their penthouse, and there is no 13th floor) at $255 Canadian/night if you prepaid, non-refundable. We booked three nights, wondering what allegedly five-star hotel was giving away dramatic suites at that price, regardless of terms.Upon arrival, we got our answer. First, the web site offers an add-on flat rate for breakfast, but you cannot book it online. We paid for our room and then asked for the breakfast package. The desk clerk advised that since we had just processed our payment, we were no longer eligible for the breakfast part of the package. I asked about the &quot;free high-speed Internet.&quot; That turns out to be two computers at an open desk in the lobby, both of which appeared to be permanently occupied. If you want Internet in your room, that's $15/day. &quot;Is any part of the hotel wi-fi?&quot; &quot;Yes, the lobby, but that's $15/half-day.&quot; You get the picture.The suite was cramped, but it's tough to complain at $255Can. The sitting room was little more than a walk-in closet with a small desk. The bedroom had the dimensions of a room at your basic W (W Hotels set the bar for cramped). There was an extravagant bathroom, but it was so chopped up (hard to describe, but a kind of 'Z' shape floor plan) that it lost whatever cache it might have had. The room was clean, quiet, and the floor smoke-free.Smoke-free turns out to be a huge amenity in Canada's answer to Tobacco Road. Getting a dinner table away from the city's legion of chain smokers proved nigh impossible. This is not the format to report on Montreal's shortcomings, but we cut our trip short after one night. Of course we did not expect a refund for the pre-paid room (and luckily, we weren't allowed to pre-pay for breakfast), but we should not have had to demand a valet parking credit, and one would have thought a discerning clerk would have asked, &quot;Was everything all right?&quot; No such luck.No complaints, but no return either.	
Aug 7 2006 	Loved the Sofitel	We stayed at Sofitel in Montreal during the long weekend and loved the hotel. The room was modern and clean. The location of the hotel is very close to major shopping stores. The bed was so comfortable and I was able to sleep well on this trip. Everything at this hotel is pricy. They only have valet parking which cost $26 per night. We enjoyed the breakfast but found pricy too. When we got seated at the table, the waiter asked us for orange juice and coffee. I thought it was included in the breakfast but it wasn't. The orange juice and coffee cost $8 per person. We walked to Old Montreal but coming back to the hotel on foot was tiring. We will definitely stay at Sofitel in Montreal.	
Aug 7 2006 	Fantastic hotel!	My friends and I stayed at the Sofitel for a week and we loved it! The design is modern and sophisticated, reminiscent of a W hotel but brighter and more cheery. The staff is very friendly. Every time we entered the lobby, someone was there to hold the door for us, get the elevator and offer a warm &quot;bonjour.&quot; The concierge was great in helping my friend with his lost luggage and making dinner reservations or suggestions.The lobby music was hip and calming. There are two computers that you can use to check email and surf the net. I like hotels that pay attention to the small details. The candels mentioned in a previous review are definitely a nice touch, as are the complementary apples at the front desk. Twice daily maid service is nice too. The maid leaves behind free, small bottles of water. The soaps, bath gel, and toiletries are all very nice. I barely used the stuff I brought myself. I loved my room, which was larger than my friends' room because of the fact that it was a corner room, I imagine. (Request room #818 if you can.) The bathroom has a sink which is basically a porcelain bowl on top of the counter (looks really cool). It also has a shower with two shower heads (a removeable hand-held one and an overhead rain shower). The bed is super comfortable!As for the gym, it's true that it's not large. We had read that the Omni a block away had a nicer gym and (because we enjoy working out) we considered switching to the Omni...that is until we saw it. It just wasn't worth sacrificing a MUCH more comfortable stay at the Sofitel just for a bigger gym, which really wasn't all that nice. So instead we purchased day passes at a gym less than a block away for $20 CAD. I can't remember the name, but the hotel staff can tell you. It's a very nice gym and well worth the extra expense: extensive free weights, cybex, cardio machines, pool, towels provided, locker rooms with sauna and steam rooms. The works! We ate breakfast every morning at this place a couple of blocks away called Eggspectations. They have a HUGE menu of all kinds of breakfast foods. We didn't use the bar or restaurant at the hotel, but I wish we had. They both looked nice and, like the hotel, very well designed. I did order room service twice, and both times it was prompt and delicious.The hotel is only a block away from the metro, making it really easy to get around the city. Don't even consider staying at the Ritz Carlton a block away. One of my friends stayed there for a few nights for a business meeting before we checked into the Sofitel and he said it was pretty run down.I highly, highly recommend this hotel. When I go back to Montreal, I wouldn't consider staying anywhere else.	
Aug 4 2006 	Very impressive hotel and service almost worth the price!!	This is really a great hotel. We went with our one-year old son to Montreal for a wedding, and were blown away by the service here. From the moment we pulled up out front, it was friendly, cordial, prompt, efficient service, everything from the valet to check-in to the bellhop. The room was amazing, my wife loved the bathroom and the bedding. They light hundreds of candles throughout the lobby at night for a great effect. One thing that impressed me was that this is obviously a business hotel in many senses, although there are plenty of tourists, and we're there with a baby and sightseeing and going out in shorts and probably looking like slobs, but the service did not appear to suffer one bit, i.e. we were treated like royalty like every other guest. The valet is prompt to bring the car up, and we had room service two mornings and they were excellent. Really we just thought the service was fabulous.Three negatives: the crib they provided for our room was OK, but seemed oddly pedestrian for such a fine hotel; the fitness center is sufficient, but lacking again for such a fine hotel; and, the price! Everything is pricey, the valet, the rooms, the food, the bar, the mini-bar - but you get what you pay for and it was probably worth it.	
Jun 14 2006	Good location	We stayed for 3 nights at the Sofitel. It was a nice hotel to stay in. The beds are very comfy. I was a bit disappointed though. After reading the reviews and looking at pictures, I was expecting our room to be fairly fancy. The regular rooms are a bit nicer than standard hotel rooms. The bathrooms are nice also, as long as you aren't expecting the large fancy ones shown in the pictures. Most of the pictures are of the executive rooms which are quite a bit more $$. We found the concierge to be extremely helpful with tour information, and choosing places to visit and eat.	
Apr 4 2006 	Location Comfort and Style	My husband and I stay at the Sofitel every time we visit Montreal, which is twice a year. The location is superb, close to shopping on Ste. Catherine, in the boutique area on Sherbrooke. The hotel itself is clean and modern, the beds are amazingly comfortable with a featherbed, down duvet and down pillows. We've had a nice view every time we've stayed. The service has also been very good, one time I needed scissors and called down, they came up within 3 minutes. Another time a sewing kit showed up within about 5 minutes. All in all you pay a little more but we feel it's worth it.	
Feb 16 2006	Great hotel!	Stayed at the Sofitel 5 nights the end of January. The hotel is very centrally located and within easy walking distance of most downtown sites. The hotel staff (front desk, concierge, housekeeping and restaurant staff) were friendly, helpful and efficient. I had a corner room which was very quiet, luxurious bed, heavenly pillows and more than enough fluffy towels. Bed was turned down nightly with a bottle of Evian left on the night stand and a phalaenopsis orchard in the vase. The only thing I found a little disconcerting was the coconut potpourri/air freshener. I am not a big fan of coconut. Other than that a great stay. Planning to go back to Montreal late summer and will definitely stay at the Sofitel.	
Dec 31 2005	Excellent Hotel	A perfect stay ( 4 nights). Spacious room with floor to ceiling windows. Room ( deluxe room ) was epitome of understated elegance. Absolutely spotless. Staff very attentive, very knowledgeable concierge. Superb location, next to Museum and Metro station. I see myself as fairly picky; simply couldn't find a single fault.I am tired of 3 and 4 star hotels parading as 5 star hotels; this is truly a 5 star hotel.	
Nov 17 2005	Excellent hotel in an excellent location	I was somewhat hesitant to book the Sofitel Montreal, given my poor experiences with their sister chain, Novotel, in the past.My fears seemed to materialize when I was told that the hotel's system did not have my reservation. After producing my reservation confirmation, we soon realized that my reservation was indeed in the system, and it was just that the hotel captured the wrong client name.Other than this initial glitch, the remainder of my experience at Sofitel Montreal was superb. The staff were all professional and friendly (particular kudos go to the valet staff during my stay). The hotel was kept immaculately clean and the rooms were well appointed. This was one of the few hotels where I was able to actually get work done in my hotel room (good lighting, work-friendly desk, chair, etc.). The hotel is modern but also has classical overtones in its decor. The location is superb given that it is situated at Sherbrooke and Peel, steps away from the main shopping district as well as the Metro.In a city where the quality of hotels seem to get better with every passing year, Sofitel Montreal can certainly be ranked as one of the elite hotels in the city.	
Nov 17 2005	If You Don’t Want To Spend Your Vacation Supervising The Housekeeping Staff...	...Don't stay here !I had been reading all the positive comments made about this hotel, so during the weekend of my birthday (November 12-15) I decided to stay here. What a mistake that was! On the last day of my visit to Montreal, I left the hotel at 11:00 a.m. and returned to the hotel around 4:00 p.m. To my shock, as I opened the door to my room, no one from housekeeping did any cleaning. I was tired and wanted to begin packing for the trip home in the morning. Instead, I went down to the front desk to inform the staff that my room had not been made up. The clerk told me that “I had to inform them in the morning that I wanted my room made up.” I was very puzzled and I told them I had never heard of such a thing. He again reiterated the same statement and said that they ask this of all their guests! Finally at 7:00 p.m. I came back to a made up room. There is no excuse for this situation. After leaving a decent tip and a thank you note to housekeeping prior to this situation it is evident management is flawed and seriously lacking in the housekeeping department. Since when is it the guests duty to police housekeeping at any hotel and have to follow behind the cleaning staff to see that they are doing their job? It should not be a guests duty to “inform” the front desk that they want their room made up every day. Tourists have better things to do than hang around the hotel and see to it that things are done promptly. We are paying for that service. We shouldn’t have to supervise it. (My bill was about 700.00 Canadian.). I have stayed at hotels worldwide and never once have I had to “inform” the desk that I wanted my room made up at any time. My room was always made up when I returned from a day of touring. When I checked out in the morning, the lady at the front desk asked me how I enjoyed my stay and I told her of my dissatisfaction and she, like the man at the desk the previous day told me the same thing! No apologies and no compensation at all mentioned except that they would speak with housekeeping. Big deal! If this is the kind of training the staff at the front desk receives, forget it. I will go elsewhere. Their sign up program isn’t that great either. At another hotel down the street from them, their sign up program entitles you to complementary coffee, juice and the morning paper every day of your visit. At this hotel the only thing you get is a complementary headache.	
Oct 20 2005	Very nice hotel but.......	The Sofitel Montreal is indeed a very nice hotel but I fail to see that it is so wonderful as other reviewers claim. We stayed for five nights in a suite. The suite itself was very spacious but I found the decor rather bland. The carpet had several big stains (red wine etc.) which had been removed without much success. We found a thick layer of dust on top of the closets and we had to make two requests to have it removed.There is a rainshower but the water pressure was so poor that we couldn't use it. Instead we used the normal shower head. Great toiletries.The bed is among the best I have ever tried.The gym is in a tiny closed room and not really a place where you want to stay for long. The equipment is OK and there is free fruit and water.Overall a very OK experience but the small annoyances kill the luxury feeling.	
Sep 26 2005	A True Luxury Experience	My wife and I just got back from a long weekend (w/o the kids) getaway to montreal..We found a deal online whereby we got three nights with the 3d night at 1/2 price..We chose the Sofitel because o the great reviews we read online. We were VERY impressed. The hotel is on Rue Sherbrooke which is like Montreal's version of NYC's 5th or Park Ave. Mont Royal park is one block away as is the metro (which is wonderful, fast, perfect)--the hotel room was beautiful--marble bath with tun and marble stall shower--very large, big thirst towels--BUT, the best part off all was the BED--there wer 4 king size very expensive down pillows which were sol big and soft that we could not leave the bed--and under us was an enormous lush down featherbed--you will not want to go home after sleeping in this bed--trust me---the last night we stayed we had to wake up very early for a flight back to jfk at 6am so we were up and in lobby by 4:30--I asked about coffee and, within seconds, a cart came out with a huge silver urn of coffee and service for two and a waiter wearing white gloves!!! pretty impressive	
Sep 20 2005	Despite an bumpy start...a great ending	My wife and I just stayed at the Sofitel last week for a 3-night stay. We drove up from Boston and upon our initial arrival we were very disappointed to find out that despite having a booked reservation through expedia our room was not available because the hotel had been &quot;overbooked&quot;. The front desk staff was extremely apologetic and made arrangements for us to stay at the nearby Sheraton--a few blocks away on Rue Sherbrooke. Despite being placed in a suite for the first night we were very disappointed...obviously the Sheraton was nowhere near the caliber of hotel we were used to or what we were expecting at the Sofitel. We informed the Sofitel of how unhappy we were and I must say that from that moment forward they made every possible arrangement to make us happy. They started by upgrading us to a junior suite at the Sofitel for our return on the second night. The remainder of our stay was spectacular. That evening the night manager sent us a fruit plate and an apology note for the previous night's events. The concierge was wonderful...he made reservations for us at two local restaurants that were great. I highly recommend Le Blanc in the French Quarter and a very stylish italian restaurant by the name of Cavalli (just a few blocks away from the hotel). We were greeted at both restaurants with a smile....they VIP'd us the entire time we were there. As stated above, despite a bumpy start, the sofitel made every possible arrangement to assure our happiness. THanks again.	
Sep 15 2005	Superb!	We stayed at the Sofitel for 4 nights. They were extremely gracious from check-in to check-out. The rooms were stylish and spotless. My girlfriend had a minor medical problem that required attention at about 2am and when we phoned the front desk they immediately had the hotel's doctor phone back (about 5 minutes). He prescribed the appropriate drugs and had the courier deliver it within 1/2 an hour. We didn't even have to leave the room. The hotel and its staff met the highest standards for both service and quality of the property. I can't say enough about this place. If you have the chance to stay there while in Montreal - don't pass it up. I won't!	
Aug 13 2005	Best of the best	Our stay at the Sofitel Montreal was flawless, true to it's five stars. The hotel is in the northern part of the Downtown area, busy but not crowded. The shopping streets and malls are within walking distance. Mount Royal is right behind the street of the hotel. The Biodome and the Olympic village is on the same street but about 5 miles in northern direction. When we arrived and I showed my privileged guest card at the reception and they bumped us up into an executive suite on the 17th level. That’s the penthouse and the suite was the corner suite. Elegant tasteful decoration, separate living area, bedroom with the two pillars, full marble bathroom with the well known Sofitel cosmetics ... We opened the door and it turned on the CD player with smooth jazz in it and at the very moment a personalized fax arrived with the director's greeting.The valet parking is $26 / day and was always prompt. The breakfast is very pricey but we felt ourselves royalties. Sofitel will be our only choice in Montreal ever.	
Aug 12 2005	Very nice hotel	We very much enjoyed our stay at this hotel in early July, 2005. Service was extraordinary, the room was small but very clean with lots of extras, the bathroom was among the nicest I had ever seen, and the bed was really comfortable. Parking was steep, $20/day, but I guess that's becoming pretty standard for city hotels. We did not eat in the hotel, but there was a great little breakfast/lunch place just down the street (actually on a side street, but I forget the name) called Vasco de Gama that we ate at every morning we were there. A little pricey, but great food with lots of fresh juice and coffee. I was surprised this place was not in our Fodor's book on Montreal. Speaking of food, avoid Mr. Steer's on St. Catherine at all cost. Amazingly Fodor's gave this a decent review but we just found it awful. Most of the other recommendations were pretty much on target though. Very much liked the bagel place called St. Viateur near Mont Royal. We took a dozen home with us.It was very hot and humid while we were there (90s with humidity about 70 percent). Although the hotel is close to a couple subway stops and is very close to St. Catherine St., we were disappointed that the subway did not stop anywhere near the old part of Montreal near the waterfront. This made for a little bit of a hike, which in most cases would be fine, but in the weater we had it was tough. We were sweating almost immediately. Recommendation: Pack plenty of water with you when you go out during the summer here. A hat would be good too.All in all we were very happy here. I might have opted to stay at a place closer to the old part of town had I known the city layout a little better and the limitations of the subway, but in any case this is a great hotel. Probably caters more towards the business types due to it's proximity to downtown.	
Jul 27 2005	Montreal Sofitel is not with the program.	I have stayed at other Sofitels and I would rank the chain in Montreal at the bottom. Sofitel as a chain prides in service and making sure that the customers are content. Montreal does not seem to with the program. They definitely did not deliver what they have advertised.First, we had to wait in the lobby for an indefinite time till the front desk got their act together to let us into our room a little earlier than the 3 o'clock check in. We were then given a room on a non-smoking floor which smells like a smoking room...to add injury to the matter, the room had little drops of blood on the carpet and wall which the cleaning people have missed. My children found them.It went on like this all weekend, with lots of apologies from the management when you talk to them but very slow in action. I would also advise you to take the advise from the consierge with a bit of caution.When I asked him for a route to Old Montreal so that I could walk with my two children, one in elementary school, I was given a route with a street laden with obscene/--- industry. You start to wonder about this management.4 of us have eaten two meals in their restaurant, lunch and dinne, and rented two rooms for three nights. I was billed close to $2000. I think you can do better else where.	
Jul 25 2005	Amazing	What an excellent hotel! Great location on Sherbrooke - close to the Musuem of Fine Arts and shopping attractions. I got a room on the 19th floor and had a great view of the neighboring grand mansions (the Ritz-Carlton looked so old and sad from my room). And the bed is one of the best I've slept in (in my opinion, second only to the Peninsula Bangkok... way better than the Westin Heavenly Beds). Staff is professional and exceptionally friendly. The bellman is amazing, who helped me carry my shopping bags up to my room without that &quot;tips please&quot; look/attitude from New York. Room service is delicious and not overly expensive. The complimentary &quot;fruit shots&quot; at breakfast were inspiring.Will return without hesitation!	
Jun 19 2005	Great hotel!!!!!	I would definitely stay there again!!!! The service was fabulous!!! Anything you needed they would accommodate you as best they could; and majority of the time they accommodated you. The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance to a majority of amenities (ie. St.Catherine street, where all the shopping is; Cresent street, where all the restaurants and some bars) HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!	
May 21 2005	Excellent service at Sofitel	I stayed here in May. I thought the location was excellent. My room was extremely clean and tidy each day i returned. The staff were very helpful and pleasant to deal with although the concierge was not always there when required or there was a bit of a wait. The free internet access was very handy. I have stayed in other Sofitel hotels and would definitely recommend this one.	
May 18 2005 	Felt like Royalty	What a wonderful hotel!Very European feel. From the moment I entered the lobby I was treated as the most welcomed guest.I checked in and went to my room where I found myself surrounded in comfort and clean efficiency. The concierge didn't even raise an eyebrow when my empty tummy insisted I find a McDonald's or something and asked for directions. They have apples at the desk for guests to enjoy and the lobby is spacious and well decorated.The location is ideal for those with business to accomplish, and not too far from the scenic Port Area. I stayed for three days and enjoyed every moment.The meeting rooms were well equipped and the food was amazing.The beds are heaven. The lack of a coffee maker in each room was the only thing I would wish for.They even have internet access free to guests in a room off the lobby.Wonderful Place.	
May 15 2005 	Slightly above average business hotel	I've stayed at the Sofitel several times over the past few years. The one problem that I've always had is service. I go to Montreal on business and stay anywhere from 3 to 10 nights at a time. Everyone from the front desk to houskeeping have an indifferent attitude toward the guests 7 out of 10 times. I've stood at the desk waiting to ask a question and waited while the doorman, desk staff and bell staff had a long personal conversation before someone finally, rather grudgingly, helped me. On the good side, the hotel is fairly new and decorated in deco style. Beds are very comfortalbe and baths are marble with separate shower and large,deep tub. (deluxe room) Large closets and the usual chair/ottoman finish the simple and clean decor. Houskeeping is spotty and all the little things that make a 4 star hotel a 5 star hotel slip away. Hard to get service in the resturant, that serves average food. Montreal is a real food town and you do much better walking to any of the many excellent local places. The staff is almost universally young and badly trained. I stay or the Omni and the FourSeasons trained staff there could run rings around these people. The locals all share the same low opinion of the staff and the hotel in general. You can do much better	
Apr 22 2005 	Montreal at is best!	Use to be a regular guest somewhere else(the vogue), but I had to try the sofitel and I was just amazed by the entire hotel. I had a nice junior suite on the 17th floor with a great view of the mont-royal and olympic stadium tower. The bathroom was so large :2 sinks, large oval/roman bath, large rain shower (we could fit almost 5 persons the shower!) and separate toilet. The sofitel bed is really like sleeping on a cloud, didn't want to get up in the morning!! My only complaint for the suite will be the sofa, very small, low and not too confortable, but the suite itself was large and clean. The regular rooms must be smaller but nice too. If you order room service try the lobster spring rolls, so good! I had to order a second portion !!(as an appetizer).The entire staff is really friendly from doorman to barmaid. At check in, when I turn to go take the elavators, a manager welcomed me with my name and holded an elevator for me, I was chocked in a good way of the quality of service and how did he knew my name, he was not even at the front desk!! Location is really good, in a nice &quot;chic&quot; part of downtown. Will certainelly return!	
Apr 4 2005	Our stay at the Sofitel in Montreal	I took my Aunt and daughter out for lunch at the &quot;Renoir&quot; in the Sofitel hotel. The service in the restaurant was excellent. The food is quite pricey but tasty for the most part. Lunch cost just over $150 plus tip. No children's menu. Valet parking for lunch was $8 plus tip. Several days later my daughter and I stayed at the Sofitel Hotel while she had time off from school. There is a very large and beautiful stained glass in the lobby. The Hotel has paid alot of attention to the bedrooms and beds. Makes for a great night sleep. The room we stayed in was small but comfortable. The shower with a large glass door was spacious with an oversized shower head in the ceiling for rain effect. The RogerGallet soap supplied, was a wonderful treat. This is a nice place to stay for a business trip to Montreal. Nearly all of the hotel staff were very professional and helpful. There are no special welcome considerations or treats for children as my kids have become accustomed to in the Loews &quot;Vogue Hotel on Mountain Steet.	
Mar 16 2005	Loved the New Sofitel! 5 Stars for 4 Star price!	The new (in the last year or so) Sofitel in downtown Montreal is a FABULOUS place to stay. The rooms are like mini-suites with large rooms and great picture windows. The bathrooms are fabulous--two showers and a tub and all enclosed in glass---marble countertops, etc. The beds were all lined with 1000 count sheets and down comforters. The service was wonderful. Everyone knew our name, the concierge, the doormen, and we were just tourists. They bent over backwards for us, making dinner reservations, shying us away from some dives of places to eat, and they also made arrangements for our friends who lived in Montreal to park their car while they visited us in the hotel. The bar in the hotel is superb.	
Mar 1 2005 	It was nice enough But....	The hotel itself was nice enough, however I would not rate it as a 5 star or even a 4 1/2 star hotel. The check in was very quick as my business had direct paid for my stay the hotel aruthorized $500. on my credit card for incidentals.....which was not needed......a couple of hundred sure but $500.00 seemed a little steep. Well it did until I saw the room service and restaurant prices...:( $16.00 for a Hot chocolate and Baileys was crazy considering it was a inferior tasting chocolate mix. The first morning I awoke I came down with a horrible flu. I tried waiting until housekeeping came to make up the room until I went to bed but when it was 2 in the afternoon and they still had not come to clean I phoned Housekeeping and explained my problem within one hour they sent a cleaner who quickly cleaned but did not replace the glasses.......The beds were very very comfortable and the down quilts a nice touch..... but I wondered if they cleaned the duvet covers regularly as when I first walked into the room I saw a smudge on the cover. The bathroom could have used more counter space and the tub was very very small but the shower was lovely :) The service was a l ittle on the slow side and truly I am not sure that I will be using this hotel again....surely for the money they command there are nicer places with more polish in Montreal???	
Dec 30 2004	Treated Like Royalty	Wife, 9-mth old daughter and I stayed at Sofitel for 3 nights. Best service I've had in Montreal, Toronto, San Fran or New York. The negative reviewer must have hit a really rare rough spot because we had lots of requests and required lots of assistance, and everything was anticipated and done quickly and professionally. They accomodated rquest for in-room fridge (baby food) crib (gave us a teddy bear too) extra towels and candles, numerous boiled water requests for formula etc etc etc. Even retrieved cellphone from car in parking garage within 10 minutes (and never a hand held out for a tip - but they deserved every tip they got) . Fantastic.The Room was bright, spotless, and comfortable - candles, flowers, bathrobes &amp; slippers, turn-down service, great toiletries. Food from room service was fast and great. Location is perfect. Highly highly recommended. It isn't much more expensive than big north american chains but worth every penny. Already booked a return stay. Treat yourself even if you don't deserve it, and try to get a deal on executive suite. Enjoy.	
Dec 19 2004	Great Value	Terrific stay in a deluxe room for five nights - $199CAD/nt. Every staff member was courteous and extremely helpful. Great respite at the end of the day. Bathrooms are large - generous, high-end toiletries provided. Complimentary Evian water in the evening. Broadband in the room. Good fitness facility. Complimentary coffee at Reception in the morning. No complaints, we will stay here again!	
Nov 15 2004	Wonderful hotel with exceptional staff	We stayed here in August 2004 for 4 nights and have nothing but praise for the hotel and staff. Our room was very well maintained. The bathrooms are wonderful but beware of the overhead shower! We highly recommend the hotel's restaurant for breakfast. Save it for the last day since it is a little expensive but well worth it. We would go back again and again.We are hoping to stay in another Sofitel Hotel in another city and hope to have the same results	
Oct 25 2004	Very nice hotel	We stayed at the Sofitel for the night 19.-20.09.04. It was terrific. Although we booked throug Priceline we got a large corner room with two windows on the highest floor. The staff was so friendly, I never had such a good service in any hotel before. As we got in our room they called immediately if everything is alright. After we took a little walk up the Mont-Royal (which is just 500 meters from the hotel) they put some free water in our room. Also they turned the radio to some very nice classic music which begann playing when you open the door. Very romantic.About the high quality of the rooms, the amazing bath-room (great shower) and the hotel itself is already everything written (but not from me ;-)) ). In Conclusion: A great hotel which can only be recommended to everyone who loves some luxury.	
Oct 21 2004	Excellent - when you get there!	The hotel was lovely. Great room and bathroom. Exceptionally well kept with fresh flowers in the room and turn down service. Arriving late in the evening on a flight from the U.K. we received a friendly, efficient welcome and a phone call to the room asking us if everything was fine, anything we needed etc. Any problems? Well we booked a few months previously and when we E mailed the day before to confirm late check in we were told that they had our booking for the previous month and as we were a no-show we had been charged 1 night to our credit card. However, they had re-booked us in for the next 4 days as we wanted. No sorry or mention of refund. We had booked by telephone and we assume that as they spoke French as a first language had misunderstood the months. Anyway, when we arrived no mention was made of this mistake. My husband showed them the E mails and explained that it must have been their error as here we were exactly a month later etc. They had to consult manager etc.. but we did get the night credited to our bill but no apology. I wonder what would have happened if they had no vacancies for those 4 nights.Anyway, apart from this the staff were very polite, helpful etc. Service a bit slow in the Restaurant and prices a little high. Also suffers from cigarette smoke drifting from the bar area. Room service excellent. Food good,hot,reasonable and served with a flourish.All in all would definitely recommend and would return. Though get confirmation of your booking in writing!!!	
Sep 15 2004	The Montreal Sofitel is Wonderful!!	We stayed at the Sofitel for 5 days. The hotel is well located in the downtown area within easy walking distance of restaurants, shopping and museums. Our room was elegant, well appointed and very comfortable. Best of all, the hotel staff could not have been nicer or more helpful. We found that all members of the hotel staff would go out of their way to assist us in any way they could. It was quite refreshing. The restaurant in the hotel is great. We tried out what were supposed to be the best restaurants in town, but found that we preferred the food, presentation and service at the hotel. Check out the croissant French toast and eggs benedict at breakfast!! We went over the Ritz Carlton for afternoon tea (which in nice) but we found that the lobby of that hotel reeks like stale cigarette smoke. If you are thinking of staying there, watch out!!	
Aug 30 2004	After all the hype and reputation we were disappointed	After hearing very complimentary things about the Sofitel chain, my mom &amp; I were really looking forward to our stay. Because we would be arriving very early, I called the hotel about a week before we were to arrive to find out about an early check-in. The person on the phone said that it wouldn't be a problem, and that he had noted it in the computer. I also arranged for the hotel limo to pick us up and paid the charges in advance. The limo was at the airport as promised and the ride was lovely, but when we got to the hotel, the driver had no record of being paid so I had to pay again (I'm waiting for my credit card receipt to see if I was double billed). We went to the desk to check-in and - surprise - we were told that we couldn't because it was too early (it was noted in the computer, however). I explained that I had called a week ago to set up an early check-in and was told that it wouldn't be a problem. Bottom line - the desk staff &quot;could do nothing...it was Sunday...people were checking out late...&quot; - even though we watched at least 5-6 people check out while we were standing there. We ended up going to breakfast and then having to take a tour that we slept through before returning to the hotel at noonish when we were allowed to check in. As far as the room - it was very modern with great comfy beds and a lovely bathroom. However, the (beige - why put a beige rug in a hotel room?) rug was very dirty with a lot of spots. Also, the concierge booked us on a tour to the Laurentian Mtns. and then had to refund our money when she realized (after we'd been waiting in the lobby for 20 minutes for the bus to pick us up) that the tour we had paid for was not available on Tuesdays. We decided to walk down to the Musee de Beaux Arts and the concierge gave us info about the exhibit and directions, but even though she (and the bellman) saw us head out, no one bothered to mention that the museum didn't open until 11am (it was about 9:20 am when we set out). So we ended up walking around, going into the Ritz Carlton and Holt Renfrew (a Saks/Nordstrom-like dept store), and then waiting outside for the museum to open. I just think that if the concierge is going to manage the tours and local attractions, she should be more familiar with them, so be careful to check dates and times before you pay your money or set out.	
Aug 30 2004	Everything was perfect!! Highly Recommend.	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Sofitel from August 26th - 29th. Everything was perfect. The doormen ran to open doors for us. The desk personnel were extremely friendly and helpful. We were greeted every time we enterd or exited the hotel (but not in an annoying way;just in a friendly way). Our room was very, very comfortable. The closets were ample. We had a king size bed and it was the most comfortable we ever slept on....feather bed, soft down duvet, fresh and crisp linens changed daily. The bathroom was luxurious...with lighted mirror, also a full length mirror and make-up mirror, fresh flowers, hip bath products, and best of all a marble shower with an additional rainfall shower above. The view was great. The location was very central...walking distance to most everything. We did not eat at the hotel's Renoir resteraunt. I'm sure its probably very nice, but with so many resteraunts in Montreal' it seemed boring to eat at the hotel. We tried a number of resteraunts on St. Laurent Street. All good and great atmosphere, especially to sit outside. I would highly recommend this hotel. I intend to return here and to consider staying any Sofitel Hotel when traveling.	
Aug 24 2004	Nothing Special	We stayed at Sofitel from August 19 to August 22, 2004. Having read all the fabulous reviews, we were very excited. The hotel, however, did not live up to our expectations. The parking was ridiculously expensive (CAD 26), as was &quot;Renoir,&quot; the hotel's restaurant. We had a week-end package, which included a continental breakfast. The basket of pastries that was (the main) part of the breakfast contained a big plan bread roll, and three other nondescript items; not nearly as good as expected. The room was fine - clean, with a decent view, but there was no closet space and no counter space in the bathroom. It would have been nice to have a coffee/tea machine in the room or at least in some common area, where guests could help themselves to a beverage.Finally, they placed three separate charges on our cards (for the same 3-day stay): one on the card that we reserved it with, one when we checked in (on a different credit card), and another one when we checked out. Even though I expect that two of these charges will &quot;fall off&quot; our bill, leaving us with just one charge, Sofitel must be really concerned about getting paid to treat its guests that way. Also, when we checked out, there were mistakes on our bill (overcharges).I would not come back.	
Aug 15 2004	Great 5 star stay however...	I stayed with my wife Aug 10-14, 2004. Great place, excellent location, superb and friendly staff. Note that if you like a firm bed and your partner a soft feather-like bed you must ask for two beds -- if not, one of you is going to have an uncomfortable night. The room was nice, clean, and with lots of amenities. In one word --great!However, in selecting a room, bear in mind that rooms xx14-xx20 (we stayed at xx19) have a direct and unobstructed line of sound to the ice-maker... and one can hear when someone gets ice and the machine refills... Late at night it is noisy. The machine is located in a cubicle with NO doors and open to the elevator lobby and rooms. Unless you have a very generous expense account, stay away of the Renoir and room service -- very, very expensive. If you are into steaks, you must visit L'Alouette on St. Catharine St. For breakfast and snacks, visit MBCo on Stanley St.Tax refunds: You only are refunded the federal taxes, and each receipt has to be over Can$ 50. But the total amount of your purchases has to be over Can$ 200. (Easy w/ your hotel bill!) Use only the official Customs Form (red booklet) that can also be downloaded. They'll mail you a check in US$. You have to stamp your receipts at the Custom Office (just by the same place you exit when arriving). There is an ubiquitous &quot;Tax Free&quot; bluish form from a private company. You get the money at the airport, but they skim 15% of your refund.Beyond the local places, take time to visit St. Anne de la Bellevue, about 45 minutes of travel by commuter train west of Montreal. Very nice town by the lake and locks, with very nice boardwalk restaurants.	
Jul 27 2004	Sofitel Was Fabulous!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Sofitel from July 16 - 21. Everything was absolutely wonderful. The service was great. The bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The room had a fabulous view of the city. I would definitely stay there again the next time I visit Montreal!	
Jul 2 2004 	a centre-ville palace	My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel for seven days from June 21-28. We were treated like royalty from the minute we stepped out of our car. We were greeted with a &quot;Bonjour&quot; and a smile by the bellmen, the concierge, the registration attendants and everybody that walked though the lobby. The $26 parking fee (per day) which includes valet service is steep but reasonable compare to public parking throughout the city. The rooms are just as portrayed in the website- light and bright and spacious. We were on the 3rd. I wish I had requested a city view, though. We had a partial view of the city and the little I could see was enchanting. Montreal is more beautiful at night. The Renoir, the hotel restaurant was inviting but the prices were outrageous. We had most of our meals in local reaturants. I would recommend either &quot;Chez Cora&quot; or &quot;Eggspectations&quot; for breakfast. They are about two blocks from the hotel- walking distance. They are both very affordable ($4-$8 us) and you get so much food for your money. We could hardly finish our plates. We decided to take a tour of the city to give us an overview of the city. We then decided to go back to points of interest.Old Montreal was the most romantic part of the city. The Caleche ride on the cobble stones though the old country was relaxing. I was not impressed with the restaurants but the pastry shops and coffee shops are a must. There is so much to do in Montreal. The West side is prettier than the East side, by the way. The Sofitel is two blocks from St-Catherine St. (shopping galore).Have a great time, eh! I would return to the Sofitel without hesitation.	
Jul 1 2004	Guest Treated As a King	I stayed with my wife at the Sofitel Montreal on June 19-24, 2004. Beautifull Lobby and Reception, Excellent Room in size and comfort, King Size Bed with goose feathers, fantastic view, bathroom with everything you can imagine for your comfort. If you request any service, the answer will come in minutes, the quality of the staff is ten stars. My special appreciation on Mr.Neto for the general quality of the service. It's one of the best hotels I've been in the last 30 years. I'd stay again and recommend it for everybody.	
Jun 1 2004	Very highly recommeded	We stayed at the Sofitel May 28-30 and had an outstanding stay: european attention to detail; very attentive, friendly staff; perfect location; upscale rooms with fabulous bathrooms. We definitely plan to stay there again.	
May 17 2004	Treated like Royalty	I spent five weeks at the Sofitel and enjoyed every minute of it. It is definitely upscale and I was working all hours of the day and night and entering the room was a joyful experience from the flowers to the chocolate and CD relaxation disk, fruit bowls, etc. Everyone knew my name and I felt just great about the whole experience. My personal applause to Marie-Pierre and her whole staff for a job well done!Best Regards...Bob//	
Apr 13 2004	Terrific - Boutique Hotel Feel	Fabulous hotel from the first contact with staff to the beautiful comfortable rooms. Upscale without being stuffy, the staff couldn't do enough to help us. Chic decor and the location is perfect.	
Mar 22 2004	Really GREAT Hotel-3/19-3/21 2004	Just came back from a wonderful stay at the Sofitel. The service was out of the world. Everyone was extremely friendly and easy to deal with. The concierge was able to offer us all sorts of information for the city-even printed out some descriptions for some nightlife. As for wake-up calls, they even offer to call us twice on their own initiative in case we can't get up the first time. The parking was a little pricey ($26 CAD for 24hrs), but well worth the valet service and very convenient. I have to say that everyone at this hotel goes above and beyond the call of duty. And, the rooms are really nice-especially the beds and the downcomforter. I was able to get a room with a king size bed for $80 US. The hotel quoted us $99CAD for an additioanl nite which is equivalent to $76 US.	
Feb 26 2004	Best in Montreal!	I've done more traveling the first two months of 2004 than I did during all of 2003, and among all the hotels I've stayed at, this place was the best. Having stayed at the Sofitels in Philly and Manhattan last year, I was eager to try the more &quot;French&quot; version of modern French luxury. My stay was near perfect; I got the one-bedroom King suite with the soaking tub, and aside from the small, modern padded luggage bench...er...&quot;love seat&quot;, the suite was beautiful. TIP: Book online. I paid 1/3 of the rack rate for my suite. Sofitel does their beds a bit differently; there's a big, fluffy down duvet on top, with a warmer blanket at the foot of the bed. There is only one sheet, resting (not tucked in) on top of another big, fluffy mattress cover. The duvet acts as top sheet/blanket all in one (it's so warm, you don't need anything else), and the mattress cover layer is so soft, you begin to feel as if you're being hugged. Heavenly. If you're not in the mood to be gouged by room service, call the Clef d'Or Concierges and they'll be more than happy to hook you up with Montreal's finest (or cheapest) take-out and delivery. There's this pizza place around the corner that makes their crust like a French baguette. Mmmm. At the hotel, the food was quite expensive, but the breakfast was exceptionally good. I liked the croissants so much, on the day I checked out I ordered a basket of nine for the drive home. They even packed an array of spreads for me in there...that's the thing about Sofitel. The little touches and personal, first-name service set them apart from big American chains, and it's the key to their appeal. From the practical (extra wood hangars and a Sofitel umbrella in the closet) to the cool (orchids and candles in the corners, and a staff member at your door every evening with 2 bottles of evian and tomorrow's printed weather report), I was constantly impressed...and I'm a tough cookie when it comes to hotels, especially when criss-crossing the eastern seaboard like a madman. C'est tres formidable, Sofitel: you've earned a customer for life.	
Feb 14 2004	Best value for the money	Greate room, nice view, nice location greate place to go in montreal verry classy Best value for your money. and most of all big beds.	
Jan 20 2004	Rather Impressed		
Dec 5 2003	Beds to die for..		
Nov 26 2003	Terrific French Hotel in the Quintessential French City		
Nov 9 2003	Great hotel.		
Oct 17 2003	The Worst Experience		
Sep 22 2003	Impressive Hotel for first stay in Montreal		
Feb 17 2003	This is a great hotel!		
Feb 10 2003	The best value!!!!		
Feb 10 2003	has problems		
Aug 28 2009 	Ottima scelta		
Jul 29 2009 	une belle étape		
Oct 7 2008 	Extraordinaire... mais...		
Sep 24 2008 	Einfach großartiges Hotel!		
Sep 24 2008 	Un tres agreable etablissement		
Sep 1 2008 	Bel établissement conforme à ce que l'on attend d'un Sofitel ...		
Apr 25 2008	Hôtel luxueux		
Dec 17 2007 	excellent hotel		
Dec 4 2006	Memorable		
Sep 15 2006 	Trés bon		
Aug 22 2006	2 nights in Montreal / 2 nuits à Montréal		
