	Fantastic Old Port	We stayed at the Auberge for 3 nights in November. It was a great experience from start to finish. Breakfast was included in the room rate and was sufficient enough to get us started for the day.We were in a room on the 5th floor, the room was great. The only comments are that the in room &quot;jacuzzi&quot; was not much more than a small bath (but the shower is fine!).It was a great base for our stay in Montreal. The Old Port can be a bit touristy, but it's easy enough to find good restaurants for dinner.	
Nov 25 2009 	Charmed this jaded traveler	As a frequent business traveler, it's fun to stay in a non-big-chain hotel, when it works out. This time it did, and I'm glad. Montreal is so different from any other North American city I know, so I wanted us to stay somewhere that would remind us we weren't in Kansas. This place does the trick. It has an historic feel throughout, displaying many interesting relics from its past, some with narrative plaques. It's very intimate and cozy. There's one main inn, plus some lofts over a nice bar, where my friends stayed, just a city block away. My room was very spacious and clean, which can also be said of my friends' loft. Their loft could have slept 6 -- it had one bedroom, plus a sleeping area a few feet above a living room with a sofabed (I think). I could easily have crashed with them, except the loft/living room sleeping areas offered little privacy.You can see what the rooms look like from others' photos. I'll just add that mine was very clean, comfortable and quaint, if not ultra luxurious. It was a little too dark at night -- higher wattage bulbs, or at least a proper reading lamp would be a nice place to start, people. But my stay was relaxing, and the staff were ALL very friendly and polite and helpful to me. Hotels with character and charm typically have trade-offs. No A/C in the summer (if true) could be a problem. The front entrance is an awkward 3 stairs above the sidewalk. If Canada's accessibility laws are anything like ours, I assume they can accommodate wheels in the back entrance, which is on the charmingly cobblestoned and slightly touristy Rue St. Paul. By the way, the noise complaints are right. They should rename the above street Rue Bourbon; it is crunking loud, even on a cold November weeknight. The windows of this old hotel can keep out the weather, but not the shouting and singing. Easy solution: Request a room over the front of the building (port view), which will be much quieter. Not an option for me, because there happened to be renovation work on that side, but the ear plugs I remembered in my travel kit were enough to get me back to sleep. Nighttime revelers aside, we enjoyed the location. Chinatown restaurants and The Champ-de-Mars Metro station are just a 5-minute walk, although not in inclement weather. But Montreal is a proper city, with cabs (and rent-a-bikes, it would seem) on practically every corner.	
Nov 14 2009 	Very Disappointing Experience	I usually stay in downtown Montreal, but thought I would try the Old Port area for variety's sake and chose Auberge du Vieux-Port because it seemed like a nice place and good value. I selected a 'deluxe loft' suite which is not located in the main building, it was roughly a five minute walk from the hotel itself. What seemed chic and charming on their website was much less so in reality. The building itself was a beautiful old stone building, which was great looking on the outside. On the inside, access to the suite was only via a staircase - three flights up. There is no elevator, so be forewarned if you have a lot of bags, heavy bags, or have difficulty walking. The hallway to the suite itself also serves other suites that do not house hotel guests. I heard families coming and going and screaming in the halls at odd hours. The suite itself is large, has decent but not great furnishings and the condition was well below expectation. Maintenance was poor, and there was evidence of shoddy construction and upkeep. Walls are also quite thin, and because the sleeping portion of the loft itself hangs over the hallway, it was quite easy to hear everybody coming and going. Another problem is the design of the unit itself. Specifically the bathroom is on the main level and with the sleeping loft upstairs if you have to use the bathroom at night you must navigate a staircase in the dark. Very dangerous, in my opinion. Another problem related to temperature control in the suite. In short, there is no ability to control the temperature. There is a thermostat, but it is turned off and according to the hotel the temperature is regulated at the 'building' level, not the individual suite level. It happened to be quite warm, and because the windows were inoperable there was no way to cool it off. Also problematic is a huge industrial air duct located directly over the bed which is loud, cannot be shut off, blowing warm air 24/7. This is so loud it was literally impossible to sleep. When combined with the warm temperature in the suite itself it created a situation where I walked over to the main building at 2:30am and asked the hotel management if I could change rooms. Management was very accommodating, and at 3am I left the suite with my bags for a regular room in the main building. This regular room was much better, and consistent with what I expected. In summary, I would avoid the high priced suites and stay in the main building. But after this experience I'm not sure I would return. Also the internet connection in the room was unreliable and service was spotty.	
Nov 12 2009 	Loved this place!	This hotel is charming! What a grand way to spend time in Montreal. The room was spacious and comfortable. The staff was warm and hospitable. There was a computer for use in the lobby. The surrounding area was lovely for walks and touring. Rate included breakfast and cheese and wine in the early evening! I am looking forward to staying here again!	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent place to stay	I visited Montreal for five days for business and stayed in one of the lofts on Rue St Paul. It was a fantastic location, above a nice bar/restaurant on a picturesque street. The hotel staff were friendly and helped in every possible way, including getting my colleague and I tickets to the sold out ice hockey match. The breakfast, while an additional charge, was incredibly reasonably priced ($10) and plentiful (which helps when nothing is open before 11am!!). As part of my stay I used the gym facilities at one of the nearby sister hotels which is one of the great benefits of the lofts; it feels like an apartment but you can use all of the facilities at any of their hotels. I got a great deal; had a great time and would stay there again for business or pleasure.	
Oct 25 2009 	You can't ask for anything better!	We stayed in room 201 for 3 nights for our honeymoon. The auberge is located in the old city, not far from the train station (where we arrived in Montreal). We were greeted very warmly both by the desk attendant and the doorman. We were able to check in easily and the doorman helped us with our luggage to our room.The room is absolutely beautiful. Exposed rock walls and wooden beams, two enormous windows that looked out onto a park and the St.Lawrence river (we were told this is the only hotel to offer such a view). Really, it was everything the pictures promised. There was a large mini-bar available and robes and slippers as well.From 5-7pm they offer free wine and cheese to guests, which we took advantage of each day. The bar/restaurant was outfitted in dark wood and dark walls which set a nice mood. And the breakfast! Guests are led to the basement, again with exposed rock walls, and treated to a continental and hot breakfast. We munched on croissants and chocolate muffins and fruit until our crepes or eggs arrived. We were blown away by the generous meal and the staff were very friendly, being polite when we tried our bad French with them.The auberge is close to museums, restaurants and an art market. I don't think I have anything negative to say about the hotel or our experience. I gave the room 4/5 only because I wished it had a bathtub instead of just a shower. Even the toiletries were great (provided by a spa that the hotel also owns). We definitely plan to go back to Montreal and stay at this hotel again next year.	
Oct 15 2009 	"Old World" Without the Charm	The staff are very helpful, friendly and accommodating. That out of the way, let's be clear that the lofts (ours was #704) are not charming. They are old, dated, and in buildings that lack maintenance and upkeep. A leather couch, hardwood floors, nice potted plants and retro paintings on the walls cannot hide the ceramic tiles falling of the bathroom wall, cracked counters, and a toilet that continuously runs (to mention only a few things). Add to this, hearing a dog bark all day and night, loud footsteps above your head, partying in the streets below to all hours, and constant garbage trucks, street cleaners...and you get the picture that this may not be the place for romantic, charming, quiet night(s) you were looking for. Of course, if you are young at heart and love staying over at a frat house, then you might enjoy the #704 loft. We will not return. Paying what we did for 1 hour of uninterrupted sleep was abit too steep!	
Oct 11 2009 	Wished we could have stayed longer!	We loved this hotel in Old Montreal.Room was excellent,breakfast very good and very good service from all staff. Free Internet access.Valet parking a bit pricey but worth it as no parking is available near the hotel.Near to lots of excellent if touristy restaurants. Pity about the rain which spoiled our stay in Montreal.	
Oct 8 2009 	If found at a discounted price I wouldn't bother staying anywhere else	2 Bedroom apartment- our friends bailed so we had the whole place to ourselves- however layout would have been easy to share. Timeshare like, bathroom was dated, but overall apartment was charming. Comfy beds, lots of windows, 2 tv's and free internet. Seen through an open door, the neighbor's place was decorated even better. Apartment meant no pool, spa etc, but believe if you stay in the main hotel you may get some of these services. Breakfast was available for a price. Great location for walking to everything. Multiple theaters, restaurants, Chinatown and the Port area. The square nearby is touristy so we didn't eat there (seemed pricey and average-think Little Italy, nyc) but maybe shame on us for not trying. Service/Staff was great. Night porter took our car to valet and walked us to apartment when we arrived at 4:30 am. Friendly and courteous.	
Oct 7 2009 	All I hoped for and more!!!	A great get away for my husband and I as a reward for the close of a huge project at work. Beautiful setting, walking distance to all of old town Montreal and Metro for going farther out. The staff was great, they went out of their way to make our stay perfect. Having a great breakfast every morning made it even more relaxing, giving you time to plan the day. Can't wait to go back.	
Sep 19 2009 	Perfect!	My boyfriend and i stayed at the lofts (713 - luxury loft) for 4 nights. It was the best accomdation ever! The room was beautiful and romantic. The best part of the hotel was the breakfast in the morning. It was definately worth getting up in the morning (those that stayed in the lofts will need to pay 10 dollars for breakfast.....included if you stay in the hotel) the 10 dollars was definately worth it! Julie and Michael (conceirge) were excellent! Every morning we would ask them to help us plan our day.....the know where the local hang outs are.......we even asked them to help us call to reserve a table for two at a restaurant that needs days in advance for reservations (au pied du cochon).....they were able to get us a table for two to celebrate our anniversary. excellent service.......just a reminder the hotel lofts do not have elevators so be okay with the fact that after a day of sightseeing you'll have to climb up the stairs. Overall a great experience!!!!	
Sep 15 2009 	Lovely rooms but poor soundproofing	We stayed one night in one of the loft apartments (601); a huge space, very well equipped, so no complaints about the accommodation. However the occupiers of the apartment above us arrived at about 1:30am and seemed to be havng a loud party with dancing until about 3:30am. Despite that, I'd stay there again. Service was friendly and helpful.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great experience	This hotel is a great 'french' experience in the old part of Montreal. The location, the building, the staff, the restaturants, the roof top terrace for cocktails or lunch, the main restaurant, the basement restaurant and the rooms are all very reminiscent of a harbourfront type hotel in France. There are some quaint aspects that make the hotel a little quirky (the early morning trains going past to the docks, the early morning trash collection, my rental car beng double parked for 20 minutes in a busy traffic lane before being parked by the valet). However, those things are all part of the experience - and we loved it. I even got a chance to use my high school french to the amusement of the staff and to my surprise as to how much I could remember. All in all a great little hotel, in a very good location away from central Montreal. Loved it and would return any time that I am in Montreal.	
Sep 9 2009 	Somewhat dissappointing	There were a number of problems with our stay of one night. I had an awful time climbing the few stairs into the hotel (no rails). The fellow who was to park our car didn't show up for about fifteen minutes while my husband sat fuming and double parked (autos in zone meant for us to park). When he arrived, he ignored us. I had to pointedly ask if he knew we had been waiting. Then our room, while unique with brick and stone walls, was sloped. We could roll a pen across the floor. The view, supposedly of the river, was more like of the ports and the car park of several stories. The day was hot. No air conditioning. We took a walk into the historic area around the corner and decided that the best looking restaurant we had seen was at our hotel. So the reservation was for seven. The waiter took our order. At eight oclock he came back to &quot;verify&quot; what we ordered. Later we found our order went in at 8:05! Meanwhile only one soup arrived. Our rear ends were getting tired and we had hoped to go for a walk before dark. No such luck. The restaurant was very chic and attractive. I hope they fired that waiter. Still it made my husband quite irritated. I told him that at least he has had a &quot;Parisian&quot; experience. The breakfast down in the basement was really charming. Food was excellent. The decor was unique. I like it.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great staff jazz food	My room was clean and bed very comfortable, bathroom had jacuzzi. Room was not what I expected however. I expected a view of the Port and had requested a room high up (5th floor is highest floor). I was put on the 1st floor, commented to bellman about that, he said probably due to my &quot;special rate. However even on the 5th floor I don't think you will see the water due to tall trees blocking all views except from rooftop restaurant. My windows were supposed to open but did not and they were filthy. If I could have opened them, I'd have cleaned them myself! There is a train track just across the street on the tree lined median and a long freight train comes through at 4 and 6 a.m. However I'm a pretty good sleeper and it did not bother me too much. The area is delightful but very touristy...but I'm a tourist so enjoyed it all. Many many restaurants available, the restaurant and lounge in the hotel has good food also. A great jazz duo guitar and bass play from 6-9 Thur Fri and Sat...and there is a complementary glass of wne and cheese every evening for guests. Entry to the hotel is up 4 steps and no ramp for anyone with a disability. I arrived at 8 p.m. and my cab driver dragged my suitcase up the steps into lobby where check-in was easy and Matthew took me to my room. He and all other hotel personnel are extremely helpful...they will make arrangements for an on/off bus tour and will arrange for you to be picked up by the tour company at the hotel. I highly recommend the hotel in many ways, wish I could have been higher up since being on the first floor I could hear delivery trucks in the early morning plus heavy rock music from the bar next door until 3 a.m., after which some drunks argued or laughed loud enough that I could hear them.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great place to stay would definitely recommend	My partner and I stayed here for 4 nights and it was the best hotel we stayed in on our trip to Canada. We were helped in with our bags as soon as we got to the door and greeted by friendly staff at the desk to check in. We got there on Saturday night so we thought it could be noisy due to surrounding bars and with us staying on the 2nd floor but it was fine. The room was very cosy, spacious and very tastefully decorated. The only criticism I could possibly make was there were little house spiders everywhere! The breakfast was amazing, though the first morning (it being a Sunday) I don't think they were prepared for us appearing so early! Still, there was so much choice with a buffet and a menu to choose from and it was all really tasty. We also got wine and cheese every evening, shame we could only make it for the two evenings of the four as it was nice. Also, they had a computer we could use for free in the lobby and could print out for free which is a good service to be able to use.The location was very good, ok it is a busy area, but it was so convenient for getting to all the places we wanted and was very safe to walk around at night. Overall, a really good place to stay and we left happy with our stay.	
Aug 22 2009 	Wonderful boutique hotel in great location	I loved this hotel -- it's exactly the kind I like: small with big rooms and a great service staff in a wonderful location. Our room faced the river and was perfect. The concierge helped us out with all our restaurant reservations and suggested some fine places we hadn't thought of. We only had two problems: the wi-fi didn't work in the room... and we came in on a Saturday night -- and on Saturday nights in summer it's fireworks night in Montreal, so hundreds of thousands of people are headed to the Vieux-Port area... took us hours to get to the hotel.So if you're flying in, don't come in late on Saturday!But that's not the hotel's fault -- it was a lovely place.Also liked the restaurant, Narcisse Bistro, that's there as well.	
Aug 13 2009 	Never have I been so glad to leave a place.	Our stay at the Loft Apartments at Auberge du Vieux-Port was supposed to be the highlight of our trip, especially as it was the most expensive place we were staying in during our holiday, unfortunately our whole experience left a bitter taste in our mouths and we couldn't leave fast enough.In fairness check in was fine, but we were disappointed on arrival in our apartment to find that there wasn't sufficient crockery for our party and the pots and pans were locked in a cupboard we didn't have a key to access. We had asked for an apartment with a king and two doubles, which we were told by the concierge was what we had been given, but on arrival at the apartment in reality we had two kings and a sofa bed.Eventually a couple of hours after check in when the crockery etc had been unlocked and we had eaten, we settled down to watch TV and log onto the internet, except we couldn't, for various reasons to numerous to go into we didn't get the internet as promised many times by the concierge at all during our stay.Additionally we had a young family staying above us with a love of loud music, not only did we have to endure their music, but their children running around above us loudly until late at night, so if you value a good nights sleep look elsewhere.Needless to say by the time we checked out the concierge was neither as friendly nor as welcoming as on arrival, never have I been so glad to leave a place.	
Aug 11 2009 	A lot of room in a fun location - Vieux Port Lofts	My wife and I have traditionally stuck with brand name hotels - we just want to avoid the risk of finding ourselves miserable during our limited vacation time, especially for something we essentially have control over. We have two younger children, one 3 1/2 and the other seven months old, so we like extra space. We stayed at the Vieux Port Lofts, and we found there's an abundance of extra leg room. ABOUT THE HOTEL:Overall, the hotel has a nice atmosphere, and check in was easy with very friendly and accommodating staff. We arrived by taxi from the airport and loved the old cobblestone streets we had to drive through to get here. We know we're staying in tourist-central, but we have no pretense about being visitors and enjoying the charm of the old city. This hotel is right in the center of it all - the kitschy restaurants, post card shops...you name it.The lofts are not part of the hotel, but are a short walking distance away. Someone walked us and our bags over to our room. The one drawback with staying in the historic lofts and having small kids is there is no elevator, and there are lots of stairs. I wouldn't recommend this space if you're bringing the in-laws. (Mine would have complained, if they made it up them at all). Also, by staying in the lofts, there is no bellhop or doorman - you're given a set of keys to a nondescript entrance, and all you see are stairs (did I mention there were lots?).Overall, very helpful staff and concierge. Friendly and easy service through and through.ABOUT THE ROOM:We stayed in room 605, which is a true two bedroom with a very roomy living area (complete with DVD player, so pack those Dora episodes if you have them); there's also a small(er) kitchen, but it is a well laid out 1400 square feet of space... I have many friends with NYC apartments half the size of this place. The rooms are clean (although the kitchen and bathroom are a little dated - but this is more a nitpick since I was thrilled to have the kitchen amenities). The space is also charming, e.g. lots of exposed brick, lots of light, and we didn't have any noise issues (this is a response to previous posts I read on the hotel). I think the pictures of the furnishings on the hotel's website are a little misleading - the stuff feels more like you're staying in a Three-Star time share, as opposed to a swanky SoHo loft. Hotel staff had set up a pack and play for our little one. Also, we took advantage of the washer and dryer one floor below us. We stayed here for three nights, and overall - we loved it. When we return to Montreal, we'll look to stay here again. The space made this place feel like a home away from home - and the price was perfect. We're leaving tomorrow for Quebec City and are staying in a large suite at the Fairmont Hotel Frontenac. There, we're paying for one night what Vieux Port charged us for three. I can't wait to compare the value!	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Service Ruined by Early Morning Freight Train	My wife and I booked a room for a three night romantic getaway at the suggestion of friends. When we arrived, Frederick greeted us outside with a huge smile to help us unload the car. He was the best concierge we have ever had the pleasure of dealing with - always smiling, friendly, and ready to do whatever it takes. Whenever he saw us, he inquired about our visit, and asked if there was anything he could do. The front desk staff were equally helpful, assisting with restaurant recommendations/reservations and helping us plan a day exploring Montreal by subway, bus and foot. Valet parking included unlimited in/out privileges.We arrived just in time for the nightly wine and cheese guest reception in the restaurant. It is ticketed and each guest receives one generous glass of wine that can be taken to the tables outside on Rue de la Commune overlooking the port, or on the roof terrace. Additional glasses of wine are available for purchase.Everything was as advertised on the website. The room faced the port and had two large windows with twin glass panels that opened fully allowing cool fresh air in during the night. The bed was comfortable and was placed against an old brick wall. The bathroom was large with a pedestal sink (but the shower stall was quite small). There was a flat panel TV in the room, a CD player and mini speakers (the front desk has a library of CD's available to guests), and high speed wireless internet.We went to bed that first night very pleased with our choice.........until we were shaken from our sleep at 4:00 a.m. by the very loud squeaking, squealing, and screeching sounds of metal on metal coming from a slow moving freight train that was immediately across the street from the hotel and no more than 20 meters from our window. The train continued passing for 20 minutes, making sure that we were fully awake. It was like a scene straight out of the movie &quot;My Cousin Vinny.&quot; A second, shorter train came by at 6:00 a.m. just to make sure that our night's sleep was completely disturbed. This scenario repeated itself at the same time on each of the three nights we were there, preventing us from getting even one good night's sleep. It ruined what would have been an otherwise excellent stay. Perhaps a room on the other side of the hotel would have been a better choice, but we wanted a room with a view of the port. The hotel should warn guests of the potential for this considerable disturbance so that room location can be taken into account when making a reservation. If you want the room with a view and plan on sleeping through the night, you are well-advised to bring good earplugs.Bleary eyed from the lack of sleep, we made our way down to breakfast which is included with the room. There was a fine selection of hot and cold meals - the french toast was particularly good. Service at breakfast was a little spotty, but the food was tasty. If we return to Montreal, we will consider this hotel, but only if we can get a room facing Rue Saint Paul.	
Jul 20 2009 	Beware of OBNOXIOUS LOUD club next door!	My husband and I planned a 2 night romantic stay at this hotel. The valet parking made an easy check in...it was nuts at that time of day, i think it was around 2pm on a friday. Upon entering our lovely room, we noticed the bed was kind of leaning funny, it was broken and wobbily. Oh well, it's so beautiful, I am not going to worry about that. We could hear a violinist playing &quot;La Vie en Rose&quot; outside our window....a fave song from our recent wedding...ahh... Then I took a soak in the LARGE whirlpool tub! Yay!!!...hey, only 2 of the jets 'sort of' work...oh well....we are having fun, so it didn't matter. After wandering the t-shirt packed over touristy area of Vieux Montreal, we had a lovely dinner at Narcisse in the hotel. Lovely meal, lovely service, thank you Charles! We returned to our room. The violinist STILL playing (about 6pm) the same La Vie en Rose/Memories/Twinkle Twinkle Little Star montage.....(that's all he knew). HE PLAYED NON STOP UNTIL ALMOST MIDNIGHT RIGHT OUTSIDE OUR WINDOW!!! (We were on the noisier Rue St. Paul side)..oh, it gets noisier. There was a club next door that started getting hopping around midnight. Who goes to these clubs? Drunken teenagers!!! All hanging outside on the street carrying on for hours. Needless to say, I called the desk and they offered to move us up to the 5th (from the 2nd) flr, same side. I said no thanks. 30 ft of vertical change wasn't going to cut it. We left in the morning and went to Burlington VT instead. The next morning, the desk staff said 'don't stay here on a weekend in the summer' thanks for the heads up....never again.	
Jul 17 2009 	Amazing location and big space	In April 2009, my friends and I decided to take a trip to Montreal. After much research, we decided to stay at Auberge du Vieux-Port. We had 4 girls in total and it was more than enough room. We stayed in the superier room with 2 Queen size beds. The place was great because we had a kitchen, dining room and big living room. The only downside was that it only had 1 washroom, but we managed. I love the brick walls and amount of space it provided us 4 girls. Love the location! When you exit, you exit right out to the street and are 2 steps away from restaurants and shops.Another thing I didn't like was the fact that this place doesn't have elevators.. it was very hard to pull up suitcases up 3 flights of stairs.Other than that.. I loved it there and would go back. Maybe this time with my husband. =)	
Jul 14 2009 	Great hotel all around - we will be back soon!!	We stayed at this terrific hotel for three nights during our honeymoon. The hotel staff was excellent--very kind and incredibly helpful. Our room was beautiful, large, and immaculate -- just like the pictures on the website. (The mattress felt brand new.) Each night we went downstairs to the bar for a complimentary glass of wine and cheese. In the morning we went downstairs for the complimentary breakfast--the french toast was particularly delicious! The hotel offered free wireless in the rooms. Valet parking was pretty much necessary, but was fairly priced. The location was perfect for exploring Old Montreal and it was a reasonable walk to the Jazz Festival downtown. Thank you Michael, Matthew, and Frederick for a perfect honeymoon in Montreal.	
Jun 11 2009 	Let's double book our rooms	I had stayed at this hotel a couple of years ago so I decided to stay at their superior loft this time as well. We get to the hotel and the reception area is crawling with bugs. but to top it off, the concierge lies to us about a maintenance problem that occurred that same day so they couldn't contact us. It turns out there's no maintenance problem, they've double booked the room during the beer festival, and so the people who arrived before us got the room, as though it's first come, first serve. The manager was UNAVAILABLE, and the staff were incredibly RUDE. One staff member actually had the nerve to ask us to keep calm/quiet or they would kick us out and refuse us service. If you ever decide to stay at this hotel, have a back-up ready.	
Jun 1 2009 	This is the most enjoyable hotel stay that I can ever remember	The staff is outstanding. BostonExPat mentioned the concierge Michael. He did not overstate the caliber of this man. The valets were gracious. I had the feeling that the staff enjoyed working at this hotel. Great location... great views. It made up for rainy cloudy weather.	
May 26 2009 	We Would Definitely Stay Here Again	My husband and I stayed here for three nights in May '09. We had a river facing room on the 5th floor - the room was exactly as advertised with hardwood floors, exposed brick, and a modern bathroom. The room was large and comfortable, with a fantastic view of the river/Vieux-Port. We live in the city on a busy street, so minimal street noise doesn't bother us, but it is worth mentioning that on two mornings, a train did pass directly in front of the hotel rather early in the morning and it was fairly loud, even on the 5th floor with the windows closed. Other than the early morning noise, there wasn't one bad thing about the roomThe hotel has a fantastic restaurant with outdoor, street level seating, but if you go in the late spring/summer, make sure to have drinks at the roof top bar, which has a great view and a relaxing atmosphere. One perk of staying here is the complimentary wine/cheese offered every night in the hotel bar from 5-7pm. On two of the nights we stayed, they also had live jazz music in the bar.As other posters have mentioned, the location is great for visiting all the main sites in Vieux - Montreal and there are an abundance of dining options nearby that meet any price range. If you're looking to be close to the nightlife on Crescent St/St. Catherine's this hotel probably isn't for you, but if you want to stay in a charming hotel, with great service, and a fantastic location in Vieux-Montreal, I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 4 2009 	Very pleased!!	We stayed at this particular hotel April 30/09 to May 2/09. We were very pleased with our choice of hotels. The employees are helpful and prompt and made our stay very comfortable. The hotel has that old feel to it that we loved. Everything is in walking distance, the shops, restaurants and Notre Dame Basilica is a must see.	
Apr 19 2009 	I loved the hotel but even better was the service	We stayed at Auberge du Vieux-Port from 04/17/09 to 04/19/09 and it was a wonderful stay. The hotel fit all my expectations for a boutique hotel, and the price wasn't bad at all. More important though was that the service was VIP from the moment we checked in. The chief concierge, Michael, was one of the most helpful concierges I've ever come across in over twenty countries. He made our stay more than pleasant.	
Apr 13 2009 	Perfect choice for surprise getaway.	I chose the Auberge du Vieux Port based on a friend's recommendation as a surprise getaway for my husband's birthday. It was a perfect choice. We were there 2 nights. The price including dinner and parking was very reasonable. Front desk and parking valet were gracious and accomodating. Wine/cheese offered each evening, along with live jazz on the nights we were there. Many attractions within walking distance. We will return again another time.	
Apr 8 2009 	Valet Drive my Car Into Garage and they Wil not Reimburce for Work	When my wife and I arrived, the room they had for us was dirty and had not been cleaned by room service yet, so they moved us to a smaller but still a nice room. I figured, this happens, they fixed the problem the best they could. Later that night when we went down stairs for dinner, the manager stopped me and said there was a problem with my car. Told me they would bring it around, which they did 45 minutes later. The hotel had driven my new Lexus into a parking support causing damage to the back left side of the car. Again, I figured this happens and they assured me they would pay for the repairs if I provided them with an estimate. This morning I received a call from them saying they will not be sending me a check to cover the damages. I worked with this hotel chain for 3 months now trying to resolve this problem and there has been no effort on their part to correct it. To be fair, the hotel is beautiful and a short walk to some great spots. However the look of a hotel is nothing com paired to its ability to manage it's services. If you decide to stay here, do not bring your car, do not expect the senior managers to support any additional services or needs you may want and certainly do not trust anything they tell you about rates, refunds or room charges. I would say it was like living in a beautiful condo with a slumlord as a landlord.	
Apr 7 2009 	Loved it!	My huband and I stayed at the Auberge du Vieux-Port in late August for 6 nights for our &quot;mini-moon&quot; and we loved it. We also chose the hotel for the location in Old Montreal and loved the surrouding area.The concierges and valets were a pleasure - we enjoyed seeing and interacting with them during our stay. They always greeted us and were happy to provide advice and suggestions on what to do, where to go, and where to eat. We also brought our bikes and were able to store them in a back room. The room itself was wonderful. We stayed in a room on the third floor that overlooked the water. The bed was comfortable and the sheets were lovely also. Everything was clean and well appointed. Breakfast was a delight every morning. I loved the crepes and croissants and the wait staff were very nice also. We had the wine and cheese a few times, which was a nice treat during the stay. We also ate dinner at the restaurant and the food was delicious. Our overall experience was wonderful and we loved it there. It felt like &quot;home&quot; a few nights into our stay and we would definently stay there again.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great Service at a Great Hotel	We spent a very pleasant weekend at the Auberge de Vieux Port in mid-March. The room was as presented on the website – the stone wall, wooden posts and wooden floors gave it a unique and romantic character that you will not find in your typical high-rise hotel. The hotel is within walking distance of most of the downtown attractions and key buildings. We walked to and from the train station in about thirty minutes, along the way passing Notre Dame and the convention centre. Supper at the hotel restaurant was excellent, and we enjoyed the jazz duo that plays on weekends. There were also several restaurants catering to a range of tastes and prices on St. Paul Street, directly behind the hotel.  The price was also as presented, with no surprises at checkout time.The room came with a Jacuzzi tub, but unfortunately it was only built for one. (Well, two people could fit if you are both small.) We prefer a firm mattress, so we found the bed to be very comfortable.The only negative was that noise from the street level easily drifts up and through the window, so be warned if you are prone to retiring early. However, what struck us most was the very attentive service, and the outgoing, enthusiastic and friendly attitude of the hotel staff, making this one of the most pleasant stays at any hotel we have visited.	
Mar 9 2009 	The best hotel I've ever stayed in. Hidden Gem	I just got back from a lovely weekend in the Auberge du vieux port. We traveled all the way from Pennsylvania, and had a great experience at this hotel. It is located in the center of Old Montreal. The location could not be any more perfect, as the street behind the hotel is lined with little shops and many excellent restaurants. The street in front of the hotel hosts the port, which is a great place to walk around. When we arrived the staff was very friendly and continued to offer their help and services through the extent of our stay. The room was gorgeous, with its tall ceilings and brick walls. It had all the European charm we had expected. The bathroom was also extremely clean and updated. I am a very strong critic of hotels, and often times find something wrong, however I had nothing to complain about with this one. The included breakfast was delicious and prepared to order, and the complimentary wine and cheese between 5 and 7 is very charming, especially when the jazz band plays on the weekends. The hotel is in walking distance to the cathedral and all activities in Old Montreal. It is also in walking distance to downtown, and all the main shopping areas. I highly recommend this hotel and would consider it a hidden gem.	
Jan 23 2009 	Good location loft is OK if you know what to expect	The location is excellent if you want to be in the old port area. You can easily walk to restaurants. It’s a 10 minute walk to the metro. The staff are very pleasant and helpful. We enjoyed our stay.But there are things you should be aware of if you’re thinking about staying in a loft. This applies only to the loft (apartment) number 603.The lofts are not in the inn, but two blocks from the rear door of the inn. Someone will help you get your bags there and back. There are no elevators. We couldn’t figure out whether everybody in the building was a guest of the inn. It appeared that some were permanent residents, and that the inn just owned one or more apartments in the building.Loft #603 consists of one large (maybe 25 feet by 25 feet) room, a reasonably large bedroom, a smaller bedroom, a bathroom, an entrance hall and kitchen. Walls are exposed brick and stone; pipes and electrical cables are exposed. The fireplace doesn’t work, and neither did the TV in the large room. The TV in the large bedroom did work but you have to string an extension cord through the door and plug it into an outlet in the large room. WiFi worked pretty well.Lighting is inadequate: one person can sit next to the table lamp and have enough light to read comfortably, but others will find the light a little dim for reading. The cord for the lamp by the bedroom runs into the wall, then inside the wall to a spot several feet away where it emerges and is plugged into an outlet. This is beyond strange; it is a fire hazard. It can get noisy. The people downstairs had a party that included children playing hockey in the hall. Someone upstairs rose each day at 6:30, flushed the toilet 15 or 20 times, then woke the children and got them started practicing their Morris dancing. OK, I exaggerate a little, but you will hear every flush, foot step and (muffled) conversation. Luckily, with the exception of the party night, people went to bed fairly early and we didn’t really find the noise too bothersome.The large bedroom has a glass door, reducing privacy. The water heater has enough hot water for only two showers. Housekeeping makes the beds and changes the towels each day.If you’re not cooking your own in the loft’s kitchen, breakfast is in the inn and it’s $10 (not included with the room as it would be if you were staying in the inn.) Our breakfasts were excellent and the service was prompt and courteous.We arranged through the hotel for transportation to the hotel from the airport and back; it was reliable and pleasant. However, we were told by the hotel that the trip to the hotel would be $101 including tax and tip, and that the trip from the hotel would be somewhat less. We paid for both trips when we returned to the airport, and the bill was $232 not including tip. It’s about 20 minutes each way; I’d bet a cab would have been quite a bit less. For comparison, here in overpriced New Jersey a roughly equivalent round trip was $100 including tax and a pretty generous tip.	
Jan 5 2009 	Lots of charm - and a few quirks	This lovely auberge has a lot going for it: a brilliant location in the heart of vieux Montreal; very large and attractive rooms with bare beams, exposed brick, hardwood floors, and large windows - ours looked out over the river. The ensuite bathroom was a dream: wonderfully spacious and well equipped with an abundance of fluffy towels and quality products, a shower with lashings of hot water and a separate jacuzzi tub. Fabulous!Breakfasts were good. A continental breakfast buffet was laid out, together with menu service that included full English breakfasts, omelettes, pancakes etc. We also enjoyed an excellent dinner one evening in the hotel restaurant.Quirks? As has been mentioned by other guests, there seems to be some under-staffing. Although courteous, friendly and ultimately responsive, the front desk staff person is also responsible for answering the phone and taking reservations - which can mean quite a wait for incoming or outgoing guests. When we arrived, our room was extremely cold, in part due to a faulty thermostat and not helped by the faulty window sealing which allowed frigid Montreal air to whistle through. The brick wall beside the window was also crumbling in places, resulting in small piles of dust and brick fragments on the windowsill and floor. We also expressed disappointment to the front desk that here was no means to make coffee or tea in the room. By the time we returned to our room that afternoon, a portable heater was waiting for us, together with what appeared to be a brand new coffee maker - complete with coffee, cream etc. That's service!All in, an experience that I would recommend.	
Nov 6 2008 	A High Point in our Travels	We were pleased from the outset with this hotel. Truly one of the high points of our 5 state and 1 province tour of the Northeast. The staff was remarkably attentive, although, we thought, at times the hotel was short staffed for all that was expected of them. Still we never got an ounce of attitude from the front desk, the valets, maids, bar or restaurant. All were attentive to our needs. In addition the rooms were nicely decorated, clean and comfortable. The wine and cheese hour is a delight, and the breakfast was delicious... really. This hotel was for us one of the best aspects of our trip to Montreal. We'll go back to Montreal just to stay here again.	
Oct 21 2008 	Reservation Given Away	Do yourself a big favor by calling the hotel if you are arriving late. If you don’t, they will give it away then blaming on the online booking system. It happens to us even with credit card deposit guaranteed. It ruined our trip to Montreal totally.	
Oct 21 2008 	Exceeded Expectations!!	We have just returned from spending four nights at the Auberge du Vieux-Port and had a FANTASTIC time!!!We checked in on September 22 until September 26, 2008.The main part of the hotel is located RIGHT on Rue de la Commune which is directly on the riverfront where romantic horse drawn carriages stroll by all day. Across the street is the wharf where the bateaux-mouche dock and the bike path begins. Around the corner is the Jacques Cartier Square .......This is where we checked-in but we knew in advance that we would be staying in one of their off-site Lofts.However, from the moment of our check-in, we knew we were in for an excellent experience!Fredrique escorted us ((and carried our luggage)) to our loft around the corner on Rue de Vincent which is an EXCELLENT location.Our loft is in a 119 year old building. The lofts are all BEAUTIFULLY &amp; rustically renovated warehouses ...... open ceilings, exposed brick, water pipes, etc ......Next door is a fantastic Italian restaurant ((Galliano's)) where we had TWO delicious dinners.Although our loft ((#604 ~~ HIGHLY RECOMMENDED)) was up SIX flights of stairs (with NO elevator), we would not want to ever stay anywhere else!#604 is over 900 square feet. Please see our scans to get a complete idea of how extraordinary was this loft!The side of the room overlooking Rue de Vincent had four floor to ceiling, double windows. Most of the walls are exposed stone and used brick. There is a WORKING fireplace, WITH wood provided! Although we did not need it, the loft is air conditioned and the heating works great. We didn't have time to prepare meals but the kitchenette is well equipped for our needs....... microwave....... frig .... everything .... There are two dining tables ~~ formal &amp; informal. The furnishings are soooo comfortable and welcoming. Take a look at that fantastic BED!!!! Wireless, CD player, TV, closet space, bath ~~ all great. Comfortable couch and easy chairs..... Desk .......excellent lighting ..... The king size bed and linens are LUXIOURIOUS!! We had daily maid service ..... bath linens are great.At night, the view from our loft was breathtaking! While sitting on the couch, we could see the beautifully lit dome of the Marche Bonsecours down the street ...... Below us, Rue de Vincent bustled but was very quiet ...... we never were bothered by noise during our entire stay. Right next door to our loft is a washing machine &amp; dryer but we did not need to use it.EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT!!!!!We only paid $169.00 a night!Because we were not staying in the main Hotel, we were not entitled to a free breakfast ..... but it only cost us $10.00 and it was GREAT! Also, Loft Guests had extended breakfast privileges until 11:00. Because we are late sleepers, this worked out perfectly.As explained by previous reviewers, breakfast is served in a cozy restaurant below the Hotel Desk. Service was always excellent. We never felt rushed, food was always complete and plentiful and our servers were always friendly, professional and delightful. Our selections included omelets, eggs, waffles, pancakes, assorted breads &amp; croissants, cereals, muffins, fruits, etc ...The Hotel Staff at Auberge du Vieux-Port was always extremely friendly and helpful.LOCATION! LOCATION! LOCATION!!!!!!We didn't rent a car and didn't need one .... so much was within walking distance and our four days were not nearly enough time to scratch the surface.One morning, we took a tour on the Bateau-Mouche..... relaxing and wonderful .....Another morning, we rented bikes at Ca Roule ....... biked to the Marche where we bought picnic sandwiches, cheeses, etc &amp; drinks ....... and then biked along the Lachine Canal to the Parc where we ate our picnic lunch on the banks of the St Lawrence River and then we biked back!!! Thirty Miles, we were told , but it was soooooooooooooo worth it (we are 58 &amp; 60 years old and it was a not-too-miss experience.)I was taught by the Sisters of the Congregation de Notre Dame de Montreal (in New York) so I really enjoyed the Bourgeoys Museum and the Bonsecours Chapel. Even my husband (an Episcopalian) was impressed ......One night, we bought tickets for a light show at the Notre-Dame Basilica. It was called: &quot;Lumiere Fut&quot; and was a little cheesy in spots but, overall, a FANTASTIC show! The Basilica (where Celine Dion was married) is gorgeous during the day but SPECTACULAR at night.Don't miss the Pointe-a-Calliere Museum (Museum of Archaeology and History) ~~ VERY well done. Montreal is very proud of its extremely important history and the Pointe offers a great introduction and over-view to it.Although very French, Old Montreal is completely bilingual and everyone we met was extremely friendly and fun. We live in San Diego but we BOTH want to return to Vieux Montreal...... it was an unforgettable trip ........	
Oct 8 2008 	Lofts - EXCELLENT	I stayed in a loft above a restaurant and could not have been more pleased. The room was fabulous, the people VERY nice, the view fantastic. The noise level was very low on the street and the restaurant, but it was October. The loft was in the middle of the &quot;place to be&quot;. Others I went with stayed in hotels (Hilton, Sheraton) and were very disappointed they did not take the Tripadvisor recommendation to stay at Auberge du Vieux-Port. Can't go wrong staying here - it's where those in the know stay.	
Oct 1 2008 	Greet the staff and get prepared for an argument about almost everything	such a disappointment from beginning to end.The unhelpful disinterested arrogant staff watched us spiral out ofcontrol without helping to give any ideas for visiting local attractions to eating at local restaurants. Just avoid the breakfast, it takes way too long, they run out of supplies anyway and treat you as if you are a real &quot;bother&quot; to be ignored and you're taking up valuable time in their day. The &quot;deluxe&quot; room had trash pickup at 5am in the morning outside your window. Hope that you like lots of morning noise.The hotel should take a course 101 in welcoming guests, especially tourism and making people feel special and happy that they chose to stay there over all the hundreds of places to stay in montreal.In retrospect, we should have chosen another place that a friend recommended. We are Very sad because, this completely ruined our trip to Canada.	
Sep 14 2008 	Simply Superb!	When booking a small hotel in a large city never previously visited, one never knows if you have chosen wisely regarding location, cleanliness, amenities, etc. I must have looked at 100 places in Montreal when planning where we would spend our 35th anniversary, and Auberge du Vieux-Port was absolutely the perfect choice. Excellent linens including robes, high end bath products, multiple breakfast choices such as crepes &amp; omelette's (included) in addition to the buffet evening cheese and a glass of wine (also included). The fact that a small hotel in an old building has an elevator is a rare treat! The location is ideal as it is easy to access the rest of the city via subway or bus from the hotel, and you are in the heart of Old Montreal, which is the part of town to simply walk and enjoy. Some of the very old aspects of the building have been preserved, like stone walls, but everything else is very up to date. Our room, which had an immense jacuzzi tub plus separate shower, did not face the river, of which we were actually glad since that street tends to be very busy and therefore noisy all the time. Our only disappointment was the rooftop restaurant; the on-line pictures made it look like a place for a special event dinner when it's really only a place to stop for one drink, but there are a multitude of wonderful restaurants very near the hotel.	
Sep 13 2008 	Beautiful Hotel with Lovely Staff	Originally we thought we would be in the lofts down the street, but wound up staying on the top floor of the main hotel in a back room overly Rue St. Paul. The suite was exactly as advertised and the terrace was wonderful (the curry chicken salad was quite refreshing on a hot summer day). Frederic greeted us at the door and was always delightful. The hotel itself, is excellently located in the old town and we walked EVERYWHERE.The breakfast that is included is varied enough to not get tiring and the staff are always willing to try and meet any special requests. Check out was easy and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay.The restaurant menu is a bit limited, but the food wasn't disappointing and there are tons of restaurants near by.	
Sep 12 2008 	Absolutely Delightful	A charming old-world boutique hotel, the Auberge du Vieux Port is ideally located with a view of the St. Lawrence River. My husband and I spent five nights in a Deluxe King room which was beautifully decorated. The artwork in the bedroom, corridor and also the bathroom was tasteful and unique. We particularly liked the hardwood floors, exposed beams and stone wall in the room. Robes, slippers and an umbrella were included. The staff was especially accommodating and friendly. Michael, an exceptional and very pleasant concierge, suggested restaurants as well as sights and always asked our opinion of the places we visited. He really went out of his way to be helpful, concerned and considerate. Because we arrived in September we didn’t get to have the rooftop breakfast, a service that ends August 31; however, the breakfast in the lower-level restaurant was very nice. A nightly wine and cheese cocktail hour between 5 and 7 PM was included in the price—a very nice touch. They even had live music.I reserved the room by phone because I wanted to check on parking. I discovered that it would have been better to make the reservation online. Apparently the person I spoke to failed to include my request for a separate shower. However, this issue was resolved quickly and to our satisfaction. We had a lovely room. Although the following problem didn’t affect my rave reviews of the hotel I must mention it. I was told that my car would be in an underground garage. I didn’t use my car during our stay. When we were ready to leave we were originally told by Daniel that it would take ten minutes to get the car. A half-hour later, as we waited in the lobby with our luggage, Daniel, who had been mostly amiable during our stay, suddenly became annoyed and instead of apologizing for the delay he was rather curt when we asked how much longer we’d have to wait. When my car was retrieved I discovered it was parked, not in an underground garage, but outside in a tiny lot. We were eager to get on the road so I didn’t question this. I do suggest that anyone wishing to park at the hotel find out exactly where they put cars. In conclusion, our overall experience was very positive and I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a delightful place to spend time in Old Montreal.	
Aug 21 2008 	Dishonest!	Unfortunately, we never actually had the chance to stay at this hotel... Why, you ask? Well, we received a $200 gift certificate to the hotel as a wedding present. When we finally found a weekend in which to use it (just over 1.5 years later, and after them granting us one &quot;extension&quot;)... we discovered the hotel would no longer accept it. They simply had a policy that certificates expire after 1 year (1.5 years if you beg).To think the hotel actually took $200 as payment for a service, and then placed an arbitrary deadline on redeeming this! Terrible! I wouldn't do business with such a business ever again!	
Aug 13 2008 	Amazing	This is a beautiful, small, quaint boutique-type hotel with all the charm of surrounding Old Montreal. The service (especially Michael), the rooms, the restaurants and the ambience were just what I was hoping for. Full concierge service, full breakfast included in stay, wine and cheese with jazz music included, turndown service and even monogrammed robes and umbrellas in the room. The 'river-view' room was a little noisy during the night, but the other perks made it worthwhile. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 30 2008 	Attractive clean and peaceful	Extremely attractive rooms, and I was lucky enough to have one with a wide view over the river.Bed extremely comfortable, bathroom facilities excellent.Copious breakfast, although unfortunately served in a rather dark basement dining-room.Staff on the whole very efficient and pleasant, though with one unfortunate exception.Generally speaking highly recommended.	
Jul 13 2008 	excellent choice	I would like to confirm all the positive feedback on this hotel.It is in a great location with many choices of restaurants nearby.The staff at the hotel were the best I have ever come across - lots of time for you and very helpful - my husband needed a doctor whilst there and Michael did his utmost to assist us.Although I had a lovely room overlooking the marina, I was disappointed it did not have a jacuzzi. I asked the staff to be moved and I was given the first available room with a jacuzzi which I greatly appreciated after long days of walking around.The beds are very comfortable and the rooms are just as they appear on the internet - lots of charm and character.I would definately stay here again and would highly recommend it .	
Jul 11 2008 	some kinks but enjoyable stay	we spent 2 nites at the auberge- 7/3 and 7/4. we reserved a deluxe king room and checked into the room, the a/c was not working. we were told to give it some time. so we went out and enjoyed the city. came back after 11pm and the a/c was still not working. the night manager came up to check and said that it was broken and brought us 2 fans. it was fairly hot that nite and we didn't sleep well.the next morining we spoke to the manager- he was very busy but after he gave us his undivided attention, he switched us to a different room with functioning a/c and ended up comping us the first nite.we would have rather been comfortable the first nite than have it for free but ok.both rooms and bathrooms were very spacious with brick and stone . the hotel itself was nicely renovated and is comfortable and charming. there is a breakfast room in the basement that is lovely and a rooftop bar with river views.asked the staff for restaurant recommendations and ended up at an excellent italian trattoria -cafe via dante in petite italie- not touristy at all with wonderful food and service and noot crazy expensive.the next nite we ended up at chao phraya, an excellent thai place in a non touristy residential part of town.so but for the a/c issues, i would give it 5 stars.	
Jul 6 2008 	Wonderful hotel	My family spent 4 nights at this hotel in late June 2008. We had 2 rooms overlooking the main road. The rooms were charming, much the same as shown in the photos provided on the website. Exposed brick, wood floors. It is a really old building but the rooms are renovated and charming. They are also a good size. Breakfast was served in the basement which is also very nice. The only negative to the experience is the street can be somewhat noisy, but with the windows shut, it was not a problem. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. One of the 4 nights was spent in an apartment managed by the hotel in a different building. We changed our plans late and they could not get us a 4th night in the main auberge. The apt was OK and actually a great value at just over $200 a night for a 2 bedroom unit. While it was nice, the main auberge is a much nicer experience, but if you are looking for something more affordable, it is a solid choice. The hotel is in a nice part of the city with restaurants everywhere, although a bit pricey. It's about a 6 block easy walk to the metro. We highly recommend this hotel. We tend to be really fussy and not shy to voice complaints, but really had none during this stay.	
Jul 2 2008 	Nice Quaint Hotel	We stayed here in early March. The hotel is in an excellent location in Old Montreal. The hotel is gorgeous very European. The staff is absolutely excellent, and are truly there to serve you. The rooms have hardwood floors and are very comfortable. Old Montreal at this time of the year is quite dead, the restaurants close early and I didn't think there was much to do. We ended up spending the majority of our time downtown which is about a 15 minute walk from Old Montreal. I have been to Old Montreal in the summer and it is definitely more lively than it is in the winter-spring.	
Jun 30 2008 	Staff neglected to tell us some things	The Hotel itself is one of the most picturesque in old Montreal.We stayed in the lofts, which(we were not told)were about a block and a half away above a restaurant that's owned by the hotel.There was no lift and it was a 2 story walkup-again we were not informed.The lofts are spacious, but the furniture in ours was old and worn.My friends rooms furniture was much nicer.The beds are huge-kings-and pretty comfortable.A huge problem was the windows.I don't know about the rest, but #804 does not have double paned glass and it is very noisy at night and you can hear everything.We only stayed for a night, but that was a big concern.The staff was very helpful,especially the concierge/doorman.They offer valet parking for a fee and will retrieve your car at any time.They also gave us an extended checkout.The hotel itself looks real nice,especially the main restaurant and the location is excellent.	
Jun 30 2008 	Beautiful building excellent location	We choose this property via the Montreal tourism web site's Sweet Deal Promotion, but cross checked available properties here on Trip Advisor.We were very pleased overall with the property, the service, the room and the food (the hotel serves a complimentary breakfast with choice of entree and access to buffet for guests). We would stay here again without question and would recommend it to our friends.Of note: This part of Montreal has heavy pedestrian traffic and is busy at night, which is part of its charm. Our stay began on a weeknight and ran into the weekend. The increase in noise from the street was significant on Saturday night. Our room was located on the third floor, which more or less negated this problem, and if you are sensitive to noise, you might want to try and get a room on an upper level. While there are train tracks nearby, we found that the train itself was a non-issue, even with our windows wide open.	
Jun 24 2008	nice loft	We had a loft at Vieux-Port. The lofts seem to be housed in buildings separate from the hotel. The loft was very spacious, with kitchen, washer/dryer, living area, two tvs, etc. Be aware that you may have to walk up several flights of stairs for the lofts. Their employee Christian was very helpful. We did have a problem with the Internet in the loft; there was no wireless and we were given an ethernet cord so short (18 in. long) that we could not even put our computer on the desk nearest the internet port. Good location in old Montreal.	
May 19 2008 	Old world charm in the heart of Old Montreal	My wife and I visited Montreal for a long weekend getaway and chose the Auberge du Vieux-Port after a quick web search. The hotel consists of five separate buildings, located along the riverside in Old Montreal.We chose a loft apartment, which was clean and well equipped with large windows looking out onto the street. As some reviewers have mentioned, the lofts are not brand new or designer chic, but they are very cosy and comfortable, like a well lived in apartment, with lots of exposed brick and timber floors. The kitchen was roomy and well-equipped, although we didn't use it as the local restaurants are excellent. Like most New Zealanders we don't speak a word of French, but the hotel staff were unfailingly friendly and helpful.If you are staying in Old Montreal, it's well worth renting a bicycle and cycling along the riverside. There are over 300km of bike tracks throughout the city and it's a great way to look around. We had a great stay at the Auberge and recommend it to anyone visiting Montreal.	
Apr 10 2008 	Excellent	My wife and I stayed for two nights in early April and couldn't have been happier with our choice. Room furnishings, desk service, bathrooms etc. were all excellent, but it was a few extra touches with which we were most impressed. First, there is a wine and cheese between 5:00 and 7:00, which was lovely. Guests get a free glass of wine and can nibble on brie and gouda served with fresh baguette. Also, guests get free breakfast. Not &quot;continental&quot;, as is the norm, but hot, cooked, from-a-menu breakfast. Overall, this hotel was a big part of a perfect weekend.	
Mar 24 2008 	An Excellent Stay !	My wife and I stayed 4 nights in March 2008. We very much enjoyed the excellent service. The staff was friendly and very helpful to recommend restaurants and provide directions. The room was very nice with high celings, stylish furnishings and a very nice jacuzzi tub. The only drawback is that the walls seem a bit thin and you can hear street sounds and anyone next door. But, I would highly recommend this hotel and congratualte the staff on an excellent job !	
Mar 4 2008 	Wonderful Inn with a personal touch.	Top notch customer service very clean rooms with quality linens. The Inn has a lovely ambiance and the staff are very welcoming and more than helpful (in English or French). An early arrival in Montreal mid January meant we were at the hotel earlier than expected. We were checked in and given great directions for our itinerary over the next few days, not to mention a few other useful tips and places to visit. I even noticed one of the managers have a discussion with staff on the best fruit to have in the foyer for the clients. Attention to detail seemed to be where their mindset is. The complimentary cheese and wine for the guests served 5-7pm is a great touch. The little bar is cozy, and with some jazz in the evening there wasn't much of an urge to head out to the cold Montreal streets to sightsee. Location is great to visit the Old City and Notre Dame is only 6 or 7 minutes walk away. A tip to go to the Jean Talon market proved invaluable to us foodies. I could go on but....try it out, makes a great winter getaway.K2C	
Feb 17 2008	Very good stay	Stayed on the first floor with the original exposed brickwork. Very nice room, only comment would be the slight noise from the road outside and the trains (100m away).Overall would use again.	
Feb 15 2008 	Gorgeous building - Great service	We booked on short notice and based on the website pictures and some reviews. As always, you never know if the actual hotel is as beautiful as the pictures on the website, there was no doubt we were in the right place. It was warm (considering it was February and -25C without the wind), not pretentious (but classy) and the staff were pleasant, helpful and volunteered useful information. Some hotels you have to do all the work by asking 100 questions, they answered your questions before you could even ask. We were lucky to be upgraded and had a beautiful King Size room with double jacuzzi with a view of the river. The room was welcoming and warm, the food was delicious and the rates were very reasonable. A rare find - definitely recommended.	
Dec 30 2007 	Avoid the Lofts (#805 at least)	Paid a premium price based on what I saw on the computer - very disappointing - expected some character but also some better quality. The only decent piece of furniture was the bed which was very comfortable. The table was a very basic kitchen table with chips in the formica top, the sofa bed was so uncomfortable my son had to put the mattress on the floor to sleep as well as being well-used (like the matching love seat), one of the prints on the wall was sliding out of it's frame, the remote control for the TV didn't work (perhaps because it was a different brand?). Most disappointing, though, was the bathroom. Rather than something comparable to a high end Sheraton - the walk-in glass doored shower and avante-garde wash basin I saw a picture of we had a small, cramped bathroom more in keeping with an average highway motel. The wash basin had several chips in the porcelain, and the cheap plywood door didn't close properly.On a positive note the staff were very friendly and accommodating.The concept of the loft is great - we didn't mind the stairs - wouldn't expect to find a loft on the ground floor! And blends well with the old world nature of Old Montreal's architecture. However, reality did not meet our expectations.Perhaps I should give the hotel the benefit of the doubt - we booked late so perhaps we got the worst of the lofts.This review is more of a warning than a complaint - I didn't complain to management. Why? Because my wife and I were there with our two grown children on a short vacation. The opportunities to do so get fewer as the children get older. The loft was large enough for us to enjoy each other's company, and the city of Montreal offered lots to do. We weren't going to let the loft's short comings detract from our time together - I won't, however, stay there again.	
Dec 27 2007 	Still a good place...	Although it was a better buy a few years ago with the exchange rate and increases, it's still a great respite in Old Montreal. If you wanta ton of amenties like a gym, go to the Omni- otherwise, for quaint, charming, comfort- choose the Auberge.	
Dec 18 2007 	Still a charmer but could use some improvements....	We have not stayed at the Auberge du Vieux Port for a few years, so we figured it was time to revisit this old favourite.The hotel still has its charms, but this year is its 10th anniversary, and the hotel is showing its age in small ways.The upholstered bench in our room had a noticeable hole in the corner, with the stuffing coming out. The caulking around the bathroom sink was all mildewy and deteriorating -- it ought to have been replaced ages ago. That sort of thing. Nothing major, but it all adds up.Also, the Narcisse, the new wine bar, is not as nice as the old Les Remparts restaurant, either in atmosphere or menu.However, the service continues to be impeccable. Staff are friendly and helpful at all times -- they certainly made the stay very pleasant.	
Dec 10 2007 	wonderful	I waited until the last minute to book a trip to Montreal and had few choices as to where to stay. I saw Auberge Vieux du Port and it looked nice so I blindly took a chance. Sometimes dumb luck is the best way to travel.On the way up to Montreal, I took a recent copy of Conde Nast with their annual readers' poll. Turns out Auberge was the number 1 hotel in Montreal and number 7 in all of Canada.I understand why it gets high marks. The staff is outstanding, the hotel is adorable, the location is perfect, and there are so many little things they do well. I was on my own, but was always comfortable and well taken care of. The concierge gave me her card when I checked in -- just in case I had any questions while out and about, and then called my room to make sure that &quot;everything was perfect.&quot;There is a wine and cheese reception in the bar each evening. The bedding rivaled top hotels in Europe. And I could not have been happier in the Old Port section of Montreal. It is magical at night when the lights come on, there are adorable shops, restaurants galore, and art galleries to poke around in.The food scene in Montreal is amazing. I had some of the best meals ever, and felt that had I chosen other restaurants, I still would have. There are so many to choose from.I would highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for a boutique, well serviced, comfortable experience. Oh, and their restaurant was very good too.	
Nov 15 2007	Just wonderful!	Stayed at Auberge du Vieux-Port a month ago. Had a really great tme. Was actually surprised to see it ranked so low on tripadvisor. Staff was just wonderful, our stay wouldn't have been same without them. Would go back any time and recommend it to anyone with no doubt. Ask for river front room.	
Nov 5 2007 	This place is amazing!!!!	We needed a break and this hotel was the answer in spades...from the moment we arrived until the concierge got us in our cab complete with coffees...what a lovely property...the room was so charming and the linens soft and luxurious...beautiful breakfasts each morning and wine and cheese after a full day of shopping just steps from the front door in Old Montreal...we'll defineatley be back...I think this will be an annual tradition for us now....romantic...and we can't say enough about the staff...they were amazing...thanks for a much needed getaway...we're ready for the real world again!!!	
Oct 25 2007	Loved the Vieux-Port....	We spent 3 nights at the Auberge in mid-October, and found the location, service staff, and rooms all that we would have wanted.Also, the buffet breakfast served in a wine-cellar-like room was very good. Although we were initially disappointed that their restaurant, Les Remparts, had recently closed, the concierge made us reservations at other highly recommended places including Restaurant Bonaparte and Pinxto (Spanish tapas).The valet brought our car within 10 minutes each time we requested it and everyone working at the hotel, including the breakfast-room server, went out of their way to be helpful and friendly. In fact, when the woman in charge of breakfast noticed that my husband was making a hot chocolate from the buffet, she offered to go to the kitchen and make a cup with better cocoa and milk (not water). A small nicety, perhaps, but an example of the staff's generous attitude. We liked walking to most places, and the archeology museum and Science center with Imax theater are right nearby, as is Rue St. Paul.	
Aug 24 2007 	Excellent location	We were staying at one of the lofts which are owned by the hotel. On arrival, the staff were helpful and attentive and drove us from the hotel to our apartment located within 50 metres of the hotel. The 2-bedroomed apartment was in an old converted building and beautifully furnished. The location of the loft, in Montreal's old town, was perfect and there were many resturants, street entertainers and shops within a 2 minute walk. Our car was valet parked by the hotel staff and was brought to us whenever we needed it within 10 minutes of a phone call to reception. Our only criticisms of the lofts du vieux port were that the apartment proved to be quite dark and the lighting wasn't sufficient, plus the front bedroom, which faced onto the street was very noisy at night due to the downstairs restaurants.	
Aug 10 2007 	Highly Recommend	The location was excellent. The staff courteous and professional. We were pleased with the room, the breakfast and wine and cheese included. The restaurant was first rate as well. We have traveled quite a bit and found this hotel to be a very good value.	
Aug 7 2007	Very Nice Hotel	We just got back from staying at this hotel and it did not disappoint. We were debating between the other numerous boutique hotels in Old Montreal and were glad we settled on this hotel. I am surprised to see it so low on the the tripadvisor rankings. The location is perfect facing the port, and the other side of the hotel facing rue St. Paul. The hotel is a great intimate size, very high ceilings, comfy beds, clean rooms...and attentive staff. After getting to our room and settling in a little bit, the front desk called to check everything was okay and if we needed anything else...it was a nice touch.A few minor concerns....if you are sensitive to sound, avoid staying on the st. paul side....it was loud at night on the weekend and will wake you up if you are a light sleeper. The elevator is very slow. The restaurant service was questionable...we tried a couple of times to eat on the roof terrace but the service was not very good....lots of food choices in the area, I would suggest going elsewhere...Otherwise a great hotel....I would stay there again.	
Aug 5 2007 	Loved this hotel	We stayed 8 nights at Auberge du Vieux-Port in July 2007 and it was wonderful. Our room was very large and the bathroom was huge. The staff was very helpful. I will definietly stay here again.Just two small issues- our room was right next to the stairs that lead up to the terrace. The noise level was excessive at times. Also, I would have liked the bathroom lighting to be a little brighter.	
Jul 23 2007 	Wish We Spent Honeymoon Somewhere Else	My new husband and I had high expectations about the Auberge du Vieux-Port when we arrived. We had seen pictures on the website...but were so disappointed with our stay there. This was our first stay on our honeymoon -- 2 nights at Auberge before heading onto Quebec. It was unseasonably warm during our stay in Montreal and our room was located on the top floor. During the middle of the night, a rainstorm came through and the ceiling broke and water ended up dripping onto our bed. We had to physically move the bed to make sure there was not going to be water damage. The air conditioning did little to improve the situation -- it was stifling in our room. We must admit -- we had a wonderful service during out stay...with many apologies from the conceirge. They waved our parking fee -- but that was about it. I would not recommend staying here.	
Jul 15 2007 	Great spot..	The Auberge is quite a romantic place to stay in an utterly romantic town! The rooms are gorgeous, the staff works overtime to make sure everything is comfortable. My only advice is to try and get a room that faces the port...the street side can get a little noisy with all the merriment going on in old Montreal.	
Jun 27 2007 	Great service terrible food!	We have just returned from a week-end in old Montreal. We had reserved a room at the Auberge and paid extra for a river view. A view, in my mind, would mean that you would have a clear view of the river but unless you were on the fourth or fifth floor this was not the case. The hotel is at a great location... close to shops and pubs and the service was phenomenal but do not get the package that includes a four course meal. First of all you do not get to choose the four courses and the majority of the meal was inedible. The ceviche was more like sashimi, the lobster ravioli was terrible and the fois gras was fois gras. The only thing that saved the meal was the filet mignon... it was delicious. But I could have saved money and eaten a better meal elsewhere.	
Jun 20 2007 	Very Nice Hotel in a Wonderful Location	We stayed at the Auberge du Vieux-Port for two nights while in Montreal as part of our Honeymoon. The Front Desk staff was very nice and made sure we had everything we needed. They also gave us some information regarding things to do around Montreal. The hotel is only 27 rooms and our room had everything we needed. It appears to be kept up well and probably had been renovated in the last few years. You also receive a ticket for each night's wine and cheese reception in the bar. The location of the hotel is very central to the older part of Montreal and makes it very accessible to the city. Overall the hotel staff is very accommodating. The only issues we had were trying to get their wifi to work with a code that they provide. I had to call the front desk numerous times to get a new code and finally gave up. Also, check your bill when you leave as they charged me for both nights even though I had already paid a deposit in advance when I booked for the first night (which it does not tell you on their website when you book, it was the next day I received an email saying they would charge me the one-night deposit).	
May 23 2007 	Had a most enjoyable stay!!	While our directions from Expedia left us in the middle of somewhere and we had to call someone at 2am at home to get proper directions we arrived quite weary. The doorman was not there, but the front desk clerk was more than happy to assist us with our luggage.The room was warm and roomy. The windows were huge which provided us with much sunshine and a great view. The wood floors were a nice touch. We were there during the coldest week in Jan. many of the shops and restaurants were closed until April. The staff was more than happy to assist at any moment, especially with dining recommendations. Mattieu, the doorman, went out of his way for us many times, to call a taxi or bring us something that we left in the car. The cheeses at the wine reception were excellent as were the breakfasts. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!The location is easily accesible to any area of Old Montreal and Montreal.	
Apr 11 2007 	Didn't meet my expectations	I booked a deluxe double room with a view of the river at the Auberge du Vieux Port for under $200.00 per night. The price included breakfast, an evening cocktail hour, a Jacuzzi tub, and I thought I was getting a great deal. However, the hotel didn’t live up to my expectations even for the price. I’ve stayed at several boutique hotels in Montreal and Quebec City, but I didn’t find the Vieux Port up to par. When we arrived at the hotel, we had to carry our bags from the car in the snow, while the doorman looked on. Once the bags were in the hotel, he was only too happy to wheel them up to our room. The room itself was very large, but oddly furnished with an eclectic mix of old world reproductions and modern boutique touches. It didn’t seem to work. In addition, the room was always making some kind of noise, either the bar fridge was rattling, or the heating system was whirring, or the neighbours’ television could be heard through the walls at all hours of the night. I don’t usually have difficulty sleeping, but the noises kept me up or woke me up most nights. The sparse cold breakfast buffet was augmented with hot entrees from the menu at no cost which was a nice touch. Unfortunately, I was not too impressed with the food. Everything looked nice, but didn’t have much taste. Both at breakfast and dinner, they seemed to be more concerned with style over substance. The restaurant itself is in the basement and contains remains of the original wall around the city. Again, however the décor in the restaurant was a mix of historical architecture and faux facades made to look historic which in my mind made everything look fake. I understand the hotel is due for a renovation in the near future, so in the meantime try one of their sister hotels – the Nelligan or Place Des Armes.	
Mar 21 2007 	The lofts are amazing!	My husband and I stayed at this lovely property this past July. The staff made a scheduling error and we were upgraded to a loft room instead of the king/river view I originally booked. The lofts are in another building close by the hotel. There is no river view, but there is no need. The loft was just amazing...3 levels, crisp, clean decor, fabulous bathroom with a 2 person jacuzzi. The kitchen was lovely with every amenity possible. The living area with a couch, 2 chairs, ottoman, tv, cd player, stereo. The bedroom with a very comfortable king size bed, tv, dresser. It was a huge, luxurious way to spend time in Montreal.  After a couple days in Quebec City, we returned and were given our reserved room in the hotel. I would not suggest this room...it was on a very perceptible decline. This sounds ridiculous, but it was very bothersome to have a room that tilted toward the doorway. The room was not really special in any other way, either. The river view is not spectacular...not very picturesque and you can hear noise from the street. The breakfast/wine and cheese offering at happy hour are an added luxury and very nicely presented.If you can treat yourself to one of the loft rooms, please do so...you wont be disappointed!!	
Feb 21 2007 	warm clean and friendly	Selected the auberge on the basis of the previous reviews here. very friendly staff, a charming room with an exceptional KB. Tasty and eleguant breakfast included, An excellent location for taking a stroll in old historical Montreal. Will send my friends there.	
Dec 11 2006 	Great Location great staff	We went to Montreal on a quick mini-moon following our wedding and stayed at Auberge du Vieux-Port. One of the best things about this hotel is its location in Old Montreal across the water. It's close to everything including the metro station. The staff is very friendly and would do anything to make guests happy (when we came in late one night, they were trying to get hot chocolate for one of the guests who wanted it). The free breakfast is to die for, especially fruit pancakes with chocolate and english cream. The rooms are uniquely decorated with exposed beams, etc but I must say they look better in the pictures than real life. The bathrooms are huge and jacuzzi is great though. Overall I recommend this hotel to those who are looking the splurge for a few days. It's not luxurious but definetely worth the price due to staff, location and unique quality.	
Dec 9 2006 	Fantastic Service - Cute Hotel	This is a fantastic hotel. It's in a great location to see Old Montreal, the included breakfast is amazing, and this hotel stops at nothing to make sure you are happy with your stay. We expressed interest in going to a Montreal Canadiens game while we were there, when we came home that night we had tickets waiting for us on our pillows.	
Nov 24 2006 	Lofts du Vieux-Port -- great for the independent traveler	The lofts are separate apartments in the Vieux-Port, near the Auberge du Vieux-Port. The apartments are totally self-sufficient, large, open. They are contemporary without being coldly modern, retaining some of the classic features of the building. Room service from the hotel and Restaurant du Viuex-Port was available, which was a nice touch after touring all day.The only negative was from the e-mail exchanges, I was told all amenities of the Auberge were available to us. When I checked out, I was told that did not include breakfast, and depsite showing the e-mail, was not reimbursed. As the service was pathetically slow for breakfast, we only ate there once. Instead, we had brie, baguette, fruit, coffee, and juice in the comfort of &quot;our own&quot; kitchen. A MAJOR POSITIVE, however, was I left my cell phone in the loft and it was promptly mailed to me with no charge.btw, Phillip and Michael were quite welcoming and helpful.	
Nov 14 2006 	Decent but needs updating.	We stayed at the St. Antoine in Quebec City, which was tremendous, so perhaps we were just a little expectant in what we would find, particularly after the glowing reviews here. The lobby is impressive, the wine was a nice touch and the cheese good, but the bread (aka cracker) was a little odd -- tough and very brown. The croissants at breakfast were truly some of the best we'd ever tried, which is a positive. What is odd is after such an up-to-date lobby (hip, almost, in black and fine furnishings), that the room was so dumpy. Our room (505) was large, but the bed was very worn -- flat matress, poly/cotton sheets and none of the plumpness or fluff you expect in high quality hotels -- the comforter was a standard issue floral print, with no charm. That led to an otherwise dreary appearance to the room -- done in simple whites with upgraded bedding and we'd have changed our opinion. The brouchure in the room appeared to have some updated rooms, so perhaps we just got a bad one...either way, it was a disappointment. And yes, the bathroom was large, with nice toiletries, but the shower was the dingy fiberglass and aluminum insert in the corner, with just a trickle of water, after you managed to work the button on the bottom, very odd. What is surprising is that this hotel is owned by the same folks as the Nelligan -- which was right around the corner and looked amazing -- and very upscale. Old City hints: Avoid the square around the corner and the restaurants there -- very poor examples, given the options further down rue St. Paul. Great coffee/croissant place called Olive Gourmand or something on St. Paul and a great, fun steak restaurant on McGill and St. Paul, Holder or something. Very nice and not expensive. Net: Stay at the Auberge if you like larger rooms, are on a budget and do not have high expectations -- you will do fine. If you are particular and do not mind paying a little more, do the Nelligan.	
Nov 12 2006 	Cute but Fraying	Having now stayed in similar class and priced rooms at the Bonaparte and Nelligan in Montreal, I checked in expecting a four-star, but check-out disappointed. My homework indicated this as one of the best players in the quaint heritage boutique properties in the old part of the town, and it is, but it's quickly being outclassed by others.The common areas upon walk in are well appointed and the wine-and-cheese presentation is enjoyable, with an LCD TV tastefully mounted to the quarter-millenia old exposed rock wall. Not so well-appointed were the well-meaning staff, who need to be given a stipend to replace the worse-for-wear issue-uniforms. While pleasant and attentive, requests for reservation assistance at local popular eateries were a challenge.The room was probably not one of their larger models, but was unnecessarily dark for this weary traveller. That advertised on the website large expanse of enchanting stonework was but a half-meter wide, and while the view was enjoyable, it had been a long summer for those grimy windows.Bed and bath is what cost the fourth star. The bath was clean, the basin pretty, but the shower-stall was a not -so-clever solution. The shower-stall had a unexplicable bath-nossle that required its operation. And in this class of auberge, a fiberglass and aluminum framed enclosed shower isn't the best. Most telling was the bathrobe, which, like the hard-used bed, indicated fraying at this hotel. I do hope the managment, which handles truly enjoyable properties nearby, attends to the details, which patrons expect at this sort of establishment.A lot of reviews needlessly gripe over the cobblestone road; the street-noise is not disturbing.	
Nov 5 2006	Nice big room	We stayed in a large loft style two bedroom apartment across from the hotel in a nearby building they own, or own some rooms in. The furnishings were above average, some walls were brick and we were loud but still without bothering anyone. Perfect for large groups. We stayed top floor and the room was prob 1000 sq. feet. I have no idea about the breakfasts part but valet was good.	
Oct 16 2006	A++ ... Must stay here	This is a charming small hotel in the perfect location in Montreal. Great rooms with wonderful furnishings. Worth the price. Don't miss the complimentary wine/cheese cocktail hour. We stayed in room 204 which is on side of the hotel that overlooks a busy shopping area so it was a little noise in the evening, but not a big deal.	
Oct 10 2006 	Excellent	All round first class establishment with helpful and attentive staff, wonderful rooms and very well appointed communal areas. We stayed just one night but would happily return.	
Sep 25 2006 	great hotel stay	We arrived at the hotel for 2 nights and could not have been happier with our stay. All of the hotel staff was excellent and were willing to help in any way that they could - with restaurant advice or directions (especially Michael at the desk and Brian at the door). The breakfasts were wonderful - french toast, eggs benedict, omlettes. You could order anything that you wanted from the menu along with coffe and juice. Every evening between 5 and 7, you could have a free glass of wine with fruit, cheese and bread. All of this was included in your room rate. The rooms were also great. We had a beautiful view of the port from our fifth floor room. We travel frequently, have high expectations, and were not disappointed.	
Sep 23 2006 	Nice But Lacking...	The building itself is quite laudable in its rustic French Canadian charm. However, the high school aged staff seems a bit dumbfounded if not well meaning at times. On the first morning of our stay we were informed by our waitress that a continental breakfast was included with our daily room rate. Unfortunately on the 4th day we were informed that we were entitled to a full breakfast. The front of the building although offering attractive water views, is extremely loud due to a long patch of uneven cobblestones. A room on the higher floors is recomended. Also a quick check of the window safety rail is advisable. Ours was missing a screw and dangerously loose!	
Sep 14 2006	Breakfast pantomine.	Following a very nice stay last year, my wife and I revisited again for 3 days with friends in early September.The hotel was as enjoyable as last year, apart from the debacle trying to get breakfast. The previous system of helping yourself to cereal, fruit, juices, tea and coffee prior to ordering a cooked breakfast had changed to a full service from the staff.What developed was a farce as it took at least 10 minutes to have your order taken and then a full 20 minutes for it to be served by the 2 harassed waiters, obviously inexperienced, who proceeded to deliver food, piecemeal, to the wrong tables.Each morning we witnessed complaints, including ours, being made to the staff but, despite this, there appeared to be no management control over the situation. As a 4 star hotel for this problem not to be addressed was inexcusable.Otherwise the service, comfort and cleanliness of the rooms were of a high standard.Would I return? Yes, but I would pre-checkout the local diners just in case the breakfast pantomine had not been solved.	
Sep 10 2006 	Lovely Boutique Hotel in Great Location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in early September. The room/bathroom were more spacious than we expected. We loved the ambiance of the room with an exposed brick wall behind the bed. The bathroom had a whirlpool tub that was great after a long day of sightseeing.We arrived on Labour Day, and the front desk staff was very helpful in pointing out activities that we could do despite all of the museums and shops being closed.We were pleased with the location right near the Vieux Port. Our favorite activity was renting bikes next door, and riding along the Canal de Lachine as well as the Ile-Note-Dame and Ile-Sainte-Helene. Highly Recommended!The complimentary breakfast and evening wine/cheese were lovely. We had some trouble one morning with the breakfast as did other guests. It seemed the server wasn't as fluent in English as he maybe should have been and had trouble communicating our orders. That being forgiven, we absolutely loved everything else about our stay.	
Aug 28 2006 	Very Nice!	My husband and I stayed at Auberge du Vieux-Port for two nights in July. What a nice place! We arrived late in the afternoon, hot, tired and somewhat cranky. That all changed when we approached the front door of this hotel. We were greeted with a smile, check-in was fast and painless and we were quickly escorted to our room. And what a room it was! Hardwood floors, brick and stone walls, huge windows that opened, a CD player filling the room with soft music, plenty of storage space, and a wonderful view of Old Montreal and the port. And that was just the bedroom. The impecible bath was equally pleasing, with a whirlpool tub that was especially inviting after a long day. I immediately fell in love with the aromatic Essential Elements products and the thick terry robes. Ah, the crankiness was slipping away!During our two-day stay, the professional staff was consistently pleasant and most efficient. Every request was quickly fulfilled, and every time we stepped off the elevator, one of the staff was there to greet us by name and offer to assist in any way they could, from restaurant recommendations to suggesting the best vantage point for the fireworks.The breakfast included with the price of the room was excellent, and the wine and cheese reception in the afternoon was a nice touch. We didn't eat at the hotel except for breakfast.We thoroughly enjoyed throwing open the windows of our room to enjoy the sights and sounds below, especially the street musicians and the clip-clop of the horsedrawn carriages. On our last night, an amazing double rainbow appeared over the river, and we were able to enjoy it for several minutes through these fabulous windows. It was a perfect ending to a most romantic stay at this excellent hotel.	
Aug 22 2006 	A Great Place - but requires some effort on the part of the guest	My wife and I just returned from spending our first anniversary at the Auberge du Vieux-Port. We booked a 2 night &quot;Romantic Package&quot; that included a King sized bed, jacuzzi tub, one-hour massages for each of us, and a 5 course meal in the hotel restaurant. We enjoyed the room very much - the bed was very comfortable, and the room was well appointed, without being overly decorated. Exposed brick and hardwood floors made for nice ambience.Any guest at the hotel gets a full breakfast, and wine and cheese at the wine bar in the evenings. We very much enjoyed the wine and cheese in the evenings, and the service of the wine bar was quite good.The breakfasts, however, left something to be desired. The first morning, our server forgot to bring the sides of bacon and sausage that were included with the meal, and the roasted potatoes that accompanied our omelettes were cold. The second morning, my french toast failed to appear altogether, and after I reminded the server of my order, it showed up having obviously sat in the kitchen for some time. Finally, I would advise being prepared to spend a bit of time working out some glitches with the front desk/concierge staff. They booked the reservations for the wrong day, but I caught the error on the invoice prior to our trip. Twice they bungled our massage appointments, and we spent quite awhile sitting at the front desk waiting for the concierge to get things sorted out to our satisfaction. They did leave a bottle of wine in our room for the trouble.The dinner that came was part of the romantic package was very good. It's definitely for the more adventurous (or experienced ) diner, but my wife and I enjoyed the food and the service quite a bit.Overall, a nice hotel that made for a good stay in montreal, but things could have run quite a bit smoother.	
Aug 7 2006 	Loved the Auberge du Vieux Port	Great location, great service, great value. Our stay at this delightful hotel was made even better by the outstanding staff. The concierge service providers love their work and provide excellent tips for restaurants, site seeing, and special events. Phillipe was particularly helpful to us throughout our stay even managing to get us a roof top seat for the popular fireworks display on Wednesdays. Rooms were beautiful - exposed brick, wooden rafters, hard wood floors, and windows with seating areas. Our room faced the park and St. Lawernce Seaway and provided us with a beautiful view. The daily breakfast was delicious and included eggs made to order, waffles, fresh fruit and juice and was available in the beautiful reception area / lounge portion of the hotel. Service in the lounge, restaurant, and hotel was excellent. I would certainly return to this property on a future visit.	
Jul 6 2006	good in a quirky way	We spent two nights here. Rates include full breakfast, a glass of wine between 5 and 7pm, and wireless internet. The location is perfect in Old Montreal; you can walk to a lot of things yet the area is quiet at night. The bedroom is large, the windows open, the king-sized bed is very cozy (positives); the floor slopes noticeably in room 506, which is annoyingly within earshot of the metal stairway to the rooftop terrace restaurant (negatives). Staff were all friendly and hospitable.	
Jun 18 2006	This is a terrific hotel.	It has everything. Tremendous charm (thick granite walls, huge windows, beamed ceilings, hardwood floors, wrought iron beds), helpful, friendly staff, great restaurant on site, perfect location in the heart of old Montreal. Breakfasts were very good. The omelettes were thin crepes with fillings - a bit different from ususal omelettes. I can not think of one thing that could be improved, except that the front desk volunteered to send in our GST refund forms electronically and never mentioned that it was a commercial service that keeps 20% as a service charge. I thought it was a government internet site that would just do the refund for free - as when it is mailed in. Oh well--- that helpfulness was not a plus.....Other than that, one terrific experience. My family would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 6 2006	I would recommend this quaint hotel	The Auberge du Vieux-Port was a great place to stay. We would stay there again! Their strong point was the friendliness of the staff. It’s in a good location to see the old town part of Montreal. The room we stayed in was on the side of the hotel on the 3rd floor and we found it a little noisy from the street traffic below. If you plan on staying out late, this won’t bother you. The rooms were nice, with old beams in the walls and ceiling. The furniture was modern hotel furniture (no antiques). We paid apx. $275 a night for 2 adults.We were given a full menu breakfast (or a food bar) for free each morning. The breakfast was very good. We had a variety of breakfasts the 3 days we were there, and we were pleased with every bit of it. Evenings we were offered free wine and cheese. This was a welcome touch. I would recommend this hotel.	
May 24 2006	Neat find!	Neat location on the front facing the port. We had a room overlooking the port so we'd open the windows and let the fresh air in, hear the noises from the street below and relax.Quirky rooms - nothing had a right angle! which in part is what made it neat. Bathroom was a decent size (the shower was tight). The room itself was plenty large enough and quite comfortable. Not modern but more importantly not dated. It was exceptionally clean.Breakfast was nice. We had dinner in Les Ramparts which was OK. It was a little too quiet and hence lacked some atmosphere. Had wine and cheese every night which was basic but their reception area/breakfast/wine bar is cute so neat to hang out and look out and watch the traffic...Service was exceptional! They actually care whether you have a good time (a rare thing nowadays).Would stay there again.....	
Apr 10 2006	Simply the BEST!	I can not say enough about this hotel! Our stay was fanatastic and the location could not be better. The staff were very helpful and looked after our every need (especially Evelyn at the front desk). We arrived tired and a little grumpy after being stuck in traffic for hours, but once we arrived the staff took care of our car. We arrived at happy hour and decided to get a snack while Evelyn got us dinner reservation at a steak house a few blocks away. He had drinks and great appetizers in the bar.We got to our room and it was better then the website could have ever lead us to believe. The rooms are spacious, beautiful and very clean. The windows look out onto the streets of the Vieux Port and give a wonderful feel of Old Montreal. The bathrooms are large and have jacuzzi tubs. The beds are so comfortable I didn't want to go home. This really is a great hotel that makes a stay in Montreal perfect!	
Mar 13 2006	Absolutely the best	We were guests at the Auberge du Vieux Port November 2005. The room was exactly what we were hoping it would be and more. Very cozy, brick, wood floors, a beautiful view of the river from large windows, and a large bathroom. We looked forward to returning to our room each afternoon and evening. The amenities were also very nice. The complimentary made to order breakfast was fabulous as was the complimentary wine and local cheese in the evening. The staff were extremely helpful. The location was also great - right in the heart of the old port area within walking distance of a wide choice of restaurants.	
Jan 19 2006	A hidden jewel!	My husband and I just returned from a wonderful weekend at Auberge du Vieux Port. Everything was just perfect, just as we expected. Staff was welcoming, friendly and knowledgeable, always eager to assist us. Room had an intimate, romantic feel and our dinner in the hotel's restaurant Ramparts was our best dining experience ever. We will definitely stay here again and recommend it to all!	
Dec 18 2005	Wonderful Stay	My family just returned from a pre-Christmas weekend at the Auberge du Viex Port in Montreal. The room was beautiful and the beds were extremely comfortable. The best part was the exceptional attitude of the staff. They made sure we had recommendations of where to go and suggestions for dinner. They were friendly and gracious. One evening, the desk man even sought us out to make sure we knew there were fireworks over the river that night. When we arrived, we asked for additional robes and they were delivered within 15 minutes. This is a place we will return to. The Rue St Paul side was noisy at night- but quieter than many large cities we have visited. The location is excellent and everything we wanted to see was within walking distance. Our experience at The Auberge made our first trip to Montreal quite a delight.	
Nov 20 2005	can't say enough!!!	Just returned from a 3 nite stay at the Auberge du Vieux-Port.We were greeted at the door by name at 11 p.m. at night Our room was immaculate and more than charming. Roses on our bed,chocolates beside the bed. Breakfast in bed the next morning(breakfast is included in your stay an extra 5$ is charged for in room delivery)delivered in less than 10 min. from the call. All done with a smile and a very accomodating staff. Hats off to Matthew who parked our car delivered it to us at the appointed time with seat warmer on for me and car heated up inside along with carrying all my chrismas shopping bags...He even remembered which car was ours A wonderful spot to experience Old Montreal and only a short taxi ride away to downtown. A must to experience!!!!	
Nov 2 2005	Romantic. Beautiful. Amazing all around!!	My wife and I spent our first wedding anniversary in this wonderfully charming hotel. Our room was unlike anything we'd stayed in before; this is no plain Jane Hilton or Sheraton room. Between the warm, inviting and well-appointed room, the professional and attentive hotel staff and the great location, the Auberge du Vieux-Port has it all. It's unfortunate that some users have had such a rough experience, because we absolutely loved our experience at this hotel and would recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 20 2005	One of the best hotels we have ever stayed at....	If you are going to spend any amount of time in Montreal, be it on business, or for pleasure, you need to stay in this hotel. The location is amazing, as there is not another hotel in the city located so closely to the water. You overlook a cobblestone street which runs parallel to the water, and you are the foot of the Old City, so all the sights are within a minutes walking distance. Aside from the location, what makes this a truly special place is the service. We were attended to from the moment we walked in the door (before that even, as the valet (alexandre) was there to great us at the curb), to the moment we left, every need was taken care of. It is a small hotel, but the rooms are huge, beautiful, and very clean (not to mention windows which actaully OPEN), and the staff is as knowledgeable and accomodating as any larger hotel in the city, if not more so.You must stay here, you simply must. Les Remparts, the restaurant, was o.k. not great, and VERY expensive for what you get, so I might suggest trying something else, but aside from that, it's the perfect hotel for your stay in this lovely city.We will return.	
Oct 18 2005	The Inn the people the food the location: Awesome!	The inn is housed in an old building with lots of brick, stone and bear beams. The rooms are lovely, old world blended with modern comforts. Ours overlooked the river and had large panoramic windows. Found the bathroom very spacious with exceptional toileteries. All staff were polite and helpful. Very knowledgeable sommelier. The food was amazing:most luxurious part of stay. Breakfast was very good but dinner out of this world, high end french cuisine. The wine and cheese cocktail, a nice touch to our stay.Location was ideal, away from the hustle and bustle of downtown. Overall, one of my best hotel experiences. Absolutely no complaints for me. Will definitely stay here again!	
Oct 3 2005	Worst hotel service I have ever experienced	I didn't stay. They didn't have my room, so they talked me into a supposedly &quot;better&quot; room at a cheaper rate since it only had one bed and we had reserved a room with two beds. Better? The bed was in a loft space I'm too tall to walk in, and the smelly Motel 6 in Hollywood had cleaner bathrooms than this place. There was a nasty, mildew covered shower in place of the jacuzzi tub the room I reserved had, and this was all up several steep flights of stairs a few blocks from the hotel. And not only was I offered no apologies for them not having my room, but they tried to blame it on me, telling me I had booked the room for an earlier date and was a no-show. Too bad for them I had my confirmation email as proof. Too bad for me I'm still dealing with the paperwork disputing the no-show charge to my credit card. They treated me like dirt. I'm young, but I travel a lot both for work and for fun. I've seen everything from excellent customer service (the Gaylord Opreyland hotel in Nashville treated me like a queen) to non-existent service (Motel 6). I'd take a Motel 6 over the Auberge du Vieux-Port anyday. Then it'd only be $50 to dispute on my credit card instead of $250. And the bathroom would be cleaner (yes, it was that bad).	
Sep 28 2005	Wonderful!!	Just returned from a 4 night stay at this property. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful. Our room faced the river and was beautifully furnished.The accomodations were great. We really enjoyed the jacuzzi and toiletries that were provided.The daily breakfast was good. Service a little lax..more a matter of not quite knowing who the server for your table was. Nightly wine and cheese was another plus. We had dinner at Les Remparts one evening and the waitstaff was excellent as was the food and service.The location of the hotel was convenient to the metro and Old Port.We will return again.	
Sep 12 2005	Lots of Personality with a view	Enjoyed this hotel very much. It is right in the old port area (near everything). The room was lovely with a huge bed and nice linens. The bathroom was one of the nicest bathrooms of any hotel I've stayed in (nice whirlpool bath too). The breakfasts were nice too. The only complaint I would have was the noise. We were on the 4th floor with a view of the port and the park area in front was a bit loud. We used our earplugs a couple of times but would still recommend this hotel.	
Sep 12 2005	Very Romantic	My husband and I stayed at Auburge du Vieux-Port for our 3rd anniversary and loved the accomodations and the staff. The rooms are so unique and charming. We happened to have a room with a view of the Saint Lawrence River and were very pleased with what we got for the price. The staff was exceptionally friendly and accomodating and more than willing to help with any suggestions for things to do in the Montreal area. My only small complaint is the road noise. My recommendation would be to get a room that is not directly on the street as the road noise is a bit loud and we awoke a few times to the sound of the train. Otherwise, this is one of the nicest, most romantic hotels we have ever stayed in.	
Sep 6 2005	Prententious and Overpriced	We have very little good to say about this dinghy over priced prententious hotel.Arriving at 3.45 p.m. after a long flight our room was not ready until 5 p.m. The room was OK in the old French style but could not be compared to other hotels such as Marriot, Best Western for comfort. The TV controls did not work and despite repeated calls were not repaired.The dinner in their restaurant was a disaster, over priced again, small Sea Bass in a pile on the plate, tasted awful.The Wine welcome with cheese was indescribable, the wine was tart and the cheese was crumbled. The service was a joke.Breakfast consisted of two cold fried eggs with lumps of fried potatoes, all luke warm. One guest sent her breakfast back twice before trying to eat it.We complained and was told they were aware of problem. Breakfast next day was better but noticed one coffee jug for twenty persons and that the waiters and waitresses were not skilled in their functions or attentive.The sweet cakes provided were good.The hotel was gloomy and dark, there were always laundry baskets outside our room on first floor which was spacious but overlooked a noisy street.A good point was the free Internet access. Its situation is near to the Port which was full of vagrants and panhandlers. Do not sit on the benches!. The area is not very attractive and there is little to see.We did not enjoy staying here, it was the worst hotel we have ever stayed in having travelled extensively and the staff, embarrased were aware of it.We found the receptionists very helpful arranging tickets to theatre and giving directions however, that is what they are paid to do.Cannot be recommended and we left Montreal a day earlier being very disappointed that this hotel charged more and gave less than the Freemont in Victoria or the Pan Pacific in Vancouver	
Sep 5 2005	Complete Relaxation in Pleasant Surroundings	We stayed here over the Labor Day weekend and completely relaxed. The room on the fourth floor was completely as pictured (no trick photos), and the bed, while a bit hard for my taste, was made up with lovely crisp linens and a fluffy duvet. The windows even opened wide to let in a nice breeze. We slept and slept--early to bed, late to rise and a nap each day, in between forays into the immediate neighborhood, Old Town Montreal. We ate in the hotel restaurant one night, and it was pricey but quite good (there are plenty of good restaurants nearby in all price ranges) and our waiter was sweet and had an encyclopedic knowledge of wines. We had no complaints about the hotel service, and we were especially pleased with the room's immaculate cleanliness and the promptness of housekeeping while we were out exploring. Truly a welcome and restful getaway. We'll come back to Montreal soon (all that sleeping meant we didn't get to see much), and we will stay here again!	
Aug 25 2005	Simply wonderful	As always I consulted tripadvisor before booking-! We loved this wonderful hotel!The staff were so incredibly helpful and pleasant. For the first night we stayed in one of the loft apartments around the corner-it was HUGE. Very tastefully decorated, fireplace, complete kitchen ,unbelievably comfy bed. Yes it is up three floors but the stairs just helped work off all those extra calories.Unfortunately, the next morning my daughter broke her foot. The staff could not have been more helpful- they moved us to another room in the main hotel near the elevator and treated her so kindly. I would not hesitate to stay here-the location is superb, the rooms are gorgeous and the staff outstanding!!	
Aug 22 2005	had a great time -	Wonderful place to stay - a little noisy but if you stay in the center of it all - you better expect it. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. A definite recommendation	
Aug 22 2005	Impeccable service!	I'm really surprised at the negative comments this hotel has received.We stayed here for 1 night as part of a 3-week honeymoon and despite spending in excess of £500 per night in some hotels, I have to say that the levels of service we received here were possibly the best of the whole holiday!Given we only stayed for 1 night I did wonder whether they would offer anything complimentary for our honeymoon. I rang the hotel a few weeks before arriving and even the guy on the phone couldn't do enough to help us - this gave me a good feeling even before we got there.We arrived in our room to find a bottle of champagne and some chocolates - and they were indeed complimentary.All the staff were extremely helpful and gave lots of advice on were to go in the city.I can't say enough about this hotel and would highly recommend a visit.	
Aug 6 2005	Nice situation shame about the service!	We booked this some months ago based on the fabulous reviews on tripadvisor at that time. We agree that the location is great, rooms spacious, nice big bathroom and shower, bed really comfortable, and breakfast and ( a glass) of wine and cheese thrown in a bonus. All as you would expect given the prices. At floor 4 we overlooked A/C units on adjacent rooftops, so I wouldn't suggest paying too much extra for &quot;a view&quot;. The real downside in our view was the lack of service that other guests (and the visitors' book on public display) seem to rave about. We first noted this in the Terasse at lunch - overpriced and limited food on offer; service very slow; and the rice on the &quot;prawn and rice&quot; dish failed to materialise. When questioned we were told the menu was inaccurate, i.e. 50% of the dish no longer existed- no apologies, no offer of a refund. One of our rooms wasn't ready until 4 pm- again no apology offered, despite check in being 3 pm. We encountered the same indifference when we ordered a bottle of (overpriced) wine on the hotel's street terrasse - when we eventually got the waiter's attention, he asked if we were sitting there waiting for a taxi! Wine appeared eventually and served very grudgingly, no further sign of the waiter so we had to pour refills ourselves, until he brought the bill (not requested, who knows, we may have wanted to order another bottle?!), where he overcharged us on the already inflated price- no apology was offered when we pointed this out. And whilst there were always staff lurking with walkie talkies in the (dark and dingy) reception area, they never onced offered to open the door for us, so we still have no idea of their function! The other annoyance if you're on a top floor is the fact there is only one lift, that also serves to carry staff and food up to the top floor restaurant, so when it does eventually appear, it is often too full of staff for you to get in - and of course, they don't offer to take the stairs to allow guests to travel up and down. So if you do stay here, we'd recommend doing your dining and drinking off-site and maybe also stay elsewhere, until the staff remember that they are there to serve the hotel guests, rather than decorate the place and chat to one another.	
Aug 4 2005	I'd LIVE in this hotel if I could	My husband and I stayed at the Auberge du Vieux Port for 2 nights in late July and agree that this hotel provided us with one of the greatest rooms and experiences we've ever had in a hotel.Excellent location. Extremely helpful, friendly, personable staff. Upon check in the woman at the front desk took out a map and indicated our present location and then took her time circling numerous sites of possible interest. Very generous breakfast including eggs, fruit salad, yogurt. Just as generous complimentary wine and cheese in the evening. Great rooftop bar/restaurant with fine views.BEAUTIFUL, decadent room: bright, spacious, brick, king bed, hard wood floors -- urban, sophistocated, elegant, yet tout à fait comfortable. Windows that open to the street as music wafts through the air. Or close the windows and select your own music for the cd player provided. Relax in the jacuzzi tub with the Auberge's quality bath salts and powerful jets. Turn down service includes not only chocolates on the pillow but also the weather forecast for the next day.Two recommendations both in walking distance of the hotel: the restaurant &quot;Modavie&quot; -- great wine and live music with dinner. Also check out &quot;Jardin Nelson&quot; for some quality jazz outdoors and an after dinner drink.I should mention the two small negative experiences at the Auberge. Our room was not ready for us at check in time. We went to the rooftop bar and had drinks (not comped) and returned an hour later to the front desk. Still not ready and still nothing offered for our trouble. In 10 minutes the room was finally available. Also, one morning I ordered a hot chocolate with breakfast that was divine. I assumed it was a usual beverage choice such as coffee or tea that is included. No. I was told afterwards that I had to pay for it. Not a huge deal, but I thought a bit out of the ordinary.Nevertheless, I would recommend this hotel 100%. My husband and I loved Montreal and would return to the Auberge in a heart beat.	
Jul 29 2005	World Class Hotel With Warmth!	My husband, teenage son and I just returned from five nights at this wonderful Hotel. We had two connecting rooms on the third floor overlooking the Saint Lawrence River. When we arrived exhausted after a long drive, they were warm and welcoming and quickly helped us get settled in our rooms. When we ordered room service from the Restaurant, they brought an extra table and set up our elegant and delicious dinner for us. Our King Size bed was the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in other than ours at home. The jacuzzi was deep and comfortable. The rooms were even more beautiful and spacious than they appeared on their website. It was so nice to have a CD Player in our rooms and to be able to choose CDs from the Hotel's own collection.The full breakfast was excellent with many choices including omelettes, croissants and other pastries. In addition to Les Ramparts in the Hotel, there are several good restaurants within a few blocks of the Hotel including a little cafe (L'Intrigue) specializing in seafood, mussels and &quot;frites&quot; which is a 1/2 block from the Hotel (out the front door and to the right).All staff members were friendly and helpful yet low key. We have stayed in Hotels around the world and it will be difficult to be satisfied with anything less after having experienced the Auberge du Vieux-Port!	
Jul 29 2005	great but noisy	Charming hotel but can be very noisy on the weekends. The rooms facing away from the water had the late bar crowd. Could not sleep that evening. Sunday quieted down substantially. Staff was very friendly and helpful with planning activities for children.	
Jul 10 2005	Think twice before staying here!	My family and I stayed at the Auberge for 4 nights beginning June 30th, it was our second time at the hotel since 2 years ago. The services and standards of the hotel have dropped tremendously. Quite disappointing. From the moment of our arrival, the hotels services were in disarray. First, they did not have any bellman to help us with our luggage, we were a family of 4 and were staying in one of their so-called lofts. There were no elevators yet were promised a loft on the first floor. To our surprise, we were 3 floors up! If we would have known, we would never have stayed here. The loft was missing towels and the air condition was not working. Management told us we would have to wait till the next day before it was fixed, it was fixed the day before our departure! For the first 2 days, no one came to clean the room so I made a complaint and the general manager came to make my bed! This should not happen in a good hotel.The staff at the hotel were friendly yet seemed as if they did not want to be there. I asked for some activities for my girls and was told always the same thing....the jazz festival. It was nice but not everyday!!! Recommendations for restaurants were so-so. The staff always chose restaurants that belong to the same owners..as if trained to repeat the same thing. We decided to chose our own restaurants because Montreal is blessed with great restaurants. The staff lacked knowledgable recommendations.We ate at Les Remparts one evening, food was excellent but service was terrible. The staff seemed as if they were all on their first day! Breakfast was very good and morning staff very friendly.All in all, it was not a memorable stay in Montreal. Would I stay there again...NO. Would I recommend it to a friend...sure if I want my friend to waste his money. There are many good hotels in Montreal and this one seems to be lowering their standards.	
Jul 1 2005	Great for Couples but not for small children...	The hotel and rooms are beautiful and it would be a lovely place to stay for a couple but is not to be recommended for travellers with an infant or child.The steps leading up to the hotel are steep and assistance is required with a pushchair. The staff there have no experience of children and no facilities, I asked for a highchair and it only materialised once, so it was a bit of a struggle.We asked for advice on where to go and activities with an infant but staff were clueless. We checked out a day early in the end.Food was average and expensive and wine was astronomical.	
Jun 28 2005	Comfortable historic hotel in Montreal's Old Port	I stayed at Auberge du Vieux Port for four nights over Memorial Day. The hotel is in a lovely stone historical building that was once a saddle company. It overlooks the cobblestone, Rue de la Commune, which is the main drag of the Old Port and is packed with tourists day and night. We were on the third floor and the noise was quite loud, particularly in early afternoon when tour buses would idle outside the hotel waiting for their passengers. Our room had two sets of huge French windows, and while we could have shut them to dampen the noise, the weather was beautiful and it seemed a shame not to have the windows opened wide. The room was of regular size--not as large as I would have liked given the price, but the bathroom was massive and included a two person whirlpool tub and seperate shower. The complementary toiletries were the nicest I've seen and were restocked daily. The complementary breakfast was to die for---melt in your mouth fresh pastries along with a hot item from the menu (the crepes were divine!) and the best hotel coffee I have ever had. Dinner at Les Ramparts in the hotel was a bit stuffy and expensive with somewhat spotty service. There are much less expensive restaurants in the area with better service and comparable quality of food. The hotel staff was very helpful and although English was sometimes an issue, they were never haughty or rude as some other Quebecoix we met during our stay.	
May 12 2005	What a wonderful place!	We loved this hotel. Stayed in a room with a waterfront view (a must) where the tall windows open, letting in fresh air and allowing you to sit at the window, put your feet on the low sill, sip wine, listen to music on the in-room CD, and watch the water and the activity in the waterfront park below. The food in the hotel's restaurant, Les Ramparts, was excellent, and all the hotel staff were friendly and helpful. Everything in Old Montreal is within walking distance. You can't go wrong here. Enjoy!	
May 6 2005	Read me I won't disappoint	I recently stayed at the Auberge du Viex Port with my wife and absolutely adored it. Apart from some noise of the construction of the new bar and lounge, you don't need to worry about that because it was almost finished on our departure, the weekend was perfect! I made our rsvp only a week before and was treated like an old friend by the concierge. I explained to him about my idea for a romantic getaway, and he explained all rates and types of rooms. Because of short notice, I had to switch rooms during our stay. As the concierge explained, not much of a hassle, we prepared our bags in the morning, the valets took our bags and moved everything while we were out. We just picked up the key at the reception when we got back. It gave us a chance to experience both views of the hotel! They both have their own beauty. Anyways, check in was informative and efficient, and when we entered the room, my wife was shocked to see a flower arrangemnet. (concierge's idea!) She fell in love again! That evening, supper was downstairs in their french restaurant, Magnifique! It was wonderful! The concierge also arranged for a horse drawn carriage to pick us up after supper and take a tour of the old city. It was cold!!! But romantic. We had smoked salmon for breakfast, (great menu) included in the rate of the room.Overall the weekend was fabulos, from the service to the room, Thank you Eric, Russ, Hugo,&amp; Brian. Reccommendations 10 x YES!	
Apr 28 2005	Very charming	I stayed here the for 3 nights in one of the queen rooms and it was very charming. The building is old but it has been restored very nicely and keeps its character. The rooms are big, with wood floors and high ceilings and I love how the walls have some exposed brick. You feel like you are in the 1800s when you are staying here. Aside from the rooms, the hotel is rather small - especially the lobby and the service is not great, but it is fine. There is a nice view from the rooftop bar (but I understand it is only open seasonally). The location is fantastic, right on the main street in the Old Port area of Montreal. You can walk to many restaurants and along the river or just stroll around the Old Town. I actually proposed to my wife just outside the hotel. It was very romantic and she loved it. The only drawback is you have to walk several blocks to get to the subway or take a cab to get to downtown Montreal.	
Mar 14 2005	Auberge du Vieux-Port - a very nice place to stay!	Stayed at the Auberge for a couple of days at the start of March on the strength of previous Trip Advisor reviews. Must say I wasn't disappointed. The staff were really friendly and helpful, the room was spacious and we loved the huge bed, wooden floorboards, exposed bricks and beams. The wine and cheese each evening were a nice touch, the breakfast was just right. Perfectly located for exploring the old town and only 10 minutes walk to the metro station. Would recommend a stay.	
Feb 14 2005	Phenomenal Rooms romance romance and romance!	My wife and I drove up from NJ to spend Valentines weekend at the Auberge du Vieux-Port. I found the hotel online and thought I'd take a chance. The hotel's strength is its rooms. We had a king room facing the river and it was absolutely amazing. The room features: a ceiling that is a good 15 or 20ft high w/ huge exposed beams, enormous floor to ceiling windows, and gorgeous wood trim around everything. The bathroom has a stand up shower as well as a large Jacuzzi tub. It really was a perfect room for a romantic weekend. The staff at the Auberge du Vieux-Port was great - very friendly and helpful and in once instance even refused a well-earned tip. They own a few other hotels and restaurants in the area and have an obvious incentive to send you to their other properties when you ask for restaurant advice - just something to keep in mind. Their other properties seemed wonderful as well. You can walk to anything in &quot;Old Montreal&quot;. A taxi downtown will take less than 5 minutes and will cost maybe $8. There are dozens of shops and restaurants within a block or two of the hotel. There is also a fantastic outdoor ice skating rink about 100 yards away. Lastly, there is a restaurant in the basement called something like &quot;Les Remparts&quot; - we bought a package with the hotel that included a 5 course meal at Les Remparts. Wow! We were blown away. It was phenomenal. If you have romance in mind, you will love the Auberge du Vieux-Port. 	
Jan 24 2005	Wonderful but not great location	The hotel, staff, ambience are absolutely wonderful. Fantastic full breakfast. Well worth staying here, unless you are planning to do a lot downtown and use the Metro. The old city is beautiful, lots of great cafes and restaurants, but few shops that are not complete tourist traps. Closest Metro is a 10 minute walk straight uphill. I spent most of the weekend downtown at museums etc. and found the hotel was not conveniently located.	
Dec 31 2004	Excellent Hotel	My wife and I stayed in a street facing room on a top floor overlooking the river. Beautifully appointed room with wireless internet. One of the most confortable beds I have experienced. The staff is extremly conciencious, and the all day car valet for $18 was a real plus (unlimited in and out). The hotels' location makes it very easy to venture out and explore all of Montreal or jump into the car to see the country. Having the restaurant in the basement of hotel made for a convenient and tasteful dining experience. The hotel offers a wine/cheese tasting at 4pm which seemed to work relative to the daily schedule. Overall it was a very pleaseant stay.	
Nov 28 2004	Very good - if you want to stay in Old Montreal	I stayed in one of the lofts at this hotel which provide the space and privacy of your own loft, with the back up of a full service hotel. But be warned, the lofts are in separate buildings to the hotel, and there are no lifts so you will have to walk up a few flights of stairs to get to your loft.There were some minor details in the loft such as a chipped sink and broken desk drawers that the hotel should have identified and dealt with itself. The website also said there would be a DVD player in the room, but there wasn't.Check-in was very efficient. The staff were friendly, but professional. Breakfast was one of the best I've experienced in a hotel, and I wish British hotels (particularly London business hotels) would learn from this.Ultimately, the decision to stay here depends on whether you want to be in Old Montreal. It is an area for tourists rather than locals and you will either find the area very appealing (think French town) or want to avoid the area entirely. For me it was safe and secure and allowed us to walk around the area first thing in the morning before the area becomes very busy with tourists.	
Nov 13 2004	Outstanding	Our two night here with a wonderful Haloween parade were all we wanted and expected. We would return and advise all of our friends to stay a this beautiful hotel with an excellent resturant, and outstand services	
Nov 13 2004	Excellent stay at Auberge du Vieux-Port!	A charming hotel, the Auberge du Vieux Port typifies the warm hospitality you would expect in a small hotel. It was intimate yet private, with first class service and an abundance of amenities. Our tastefully appointed room was spacious, comfy, the perfect place to relax after a long day of sightseeing and shopping. The hotel also houses the Ramparts, one of the best French restos in the town. A true jewel, I highly recommend the hotel to everyone who likes small places.	
Oct 19 2004	Loves Auberge due Vieux-Port Montreal	We spent 3 nights beginning of Oct. at Auberge du Vieux-Port and upon our arrival we knew we chose the right place. They met our taxi and took our bags into this small hotel facing the St. Lawrence, then invited us to go down to their restaurant Ramparts (downstairs) to partake of their evening complimentary wine and cheese for guests (from 5-6 each evening). We needed this..after our long day of travel. While relaxing with our wine, our bags were taken to our room and we 'checked in' after our wine. The rooms (we started first night in a 'loft' room as we arrived on a Sat. and the hotel was full), then moved to the hotel for the next 2 nights. Both rooms were very nice, but the loft wasn't for us ... too many stairs and we like to be situated in the hotel to really enjoy the amenities more easily. The loft, however, would be great for a family as it had a small kitchen and a very large sitting/dining area. The breakfasts were very good -- small buffet of baked goods, fruit, juices, coffee, cereal, plus you can in addition order from the menu. Robes and slippers, stocked bar and old world style furnishings made the rooms/stay so pleasant. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We mainly dealt with David at check-in and when changing rooms....and he was very nice and helpful. They volunteered to make any reservations we wanted. We highly recommend this hotel and especially Old Montreal -- if you want a relaxing, romantic and charming experience - surrounded by good restaurants!! (Bonaparts, Pavarotti are a couple. Didn't get a chance to try Ramparts which is in this hotel). We did alot of walking downtown Monreal on St. Catherines and were glad we didn't choose a hotel there -- location to many restaurants good, but the noise.....rap music playing very loudly -- not for us!!	
Oct 17 2004	fabulous quaint friendly staff	we loved our Oct 3, 3 nite stay, get the rooms that overlook the river, high floor, quieter. large rooms, free high speed wireless internet, tasty free breakfast served in their below ground cellar where they also host a daily free wine/cheese hour. attentive staff, and easy walking distance to all sights, we enjoyed tasty Indian and Polish restaurants nearby, with many choices. loved the Botanical Gardens too, but you'll need car. We'd go back...	
Oct 7 2004	Hotel with a 'wow' factor	We spent three nights at the Auberge in September 04. As an old warehouse, the building may look a bit uninspiring from the outside but the interior makes up with bags of character in abundance. The 1st floor room, with exposed brick walls and quality furnishings was quite special. A really comfortable bed fixed our jet lag. Service was excellent and the CD player with a good choice of CD's was a nice touch. Breakfast in Les Remparts was good and wholesome and always served with a smile.The Auberge is well situated in the old town and easy to find, even for us off a plane and the airport shuttle, followed by a metro and a short walk. There are loads of excellent restaurants close by (restaurant du vieux port is recommended)It's hard to criticise the Auberge - and it does not affect the excellent review- but the noise early in the morning from the cobbled street may worry some (we lived with it because the quality of the room was so good). Someone also commented that you couldn't see out of the dirty windows - that was solved by opening the huge windows to give views of the port.All the same, this place is excellent and recommended.	
Aug 26 2004	Three Night Stay in August	My wife and I stayed at the Auberge the first week of August based on the reviews here and the location. We were put in one of the larger rooms on the 5th floor (towards the port) the first night and in one of the rooms on the other side, 5th floor, the next two nights. The rooms were both large and very nice and the views on both sides were nice as well. I sleep soundly so no problems with noise, plus we stayed up late enjoying the city. The beds were very comfy.I do recommend taking one of the horse carriage tours. Our guide pointed out a lot of the sites to see, cool bars, and good restaurants. Unfortunately, we didn't do that until the last night.The location is great, right in the middle of the old city with lots of things to see and do. A short taxi ride gets you to other sites in the city. We had breakfast each morning which was included in the room. Excellent breakfast. Service was good except one morning when one of the help didn't make it to work.Montreal is a great city; three nights is all you need. It's not Paris, but it's less than 1 hour away from NYC.Definitely would recommend the Auberge.	
Aug 4 2004	Picture Perfect	We stayed at the Auberge du Vieux-Port for 3 nights at the end of July and loved it. Our room was on the fifth floor of the main building, and we had no noise problems at all. The staff was always helpful and nice, the food was excellent (try the salads on the Terrasse, if you don't mind the wind), and the room was large and well appointed. Nothing beats a nice jacuzzi after a strenous day dining in cafes and strolling. Overall, a wonderful stay with no compalints. I'd stay there again without hesitation, though from some of the other comments on the site, I'd recommend an upper floor in the main building, like we had. You won't be disappointed.	
Jul 31 2004	Ditto to the Atlanta review!!	We stayed for three nights in July,2004 and had virtually the same feelings as the Atanta reviewer. We were on a lower floor(2) so the noise was a little more apparent, but not bothersome at all. The serbice throughout the hotel was excellent, with special mention to Matthew,DavidChristine, Kyle and Marie.P.s For those non-walkers such as us, the valet parking is well worth the additional expense,	
Jul 29 2004	Very nice but noisy	We stayed in the lofts, which are located about 100 yards from the main hotel. It was huge! Over 1000 sq feet. The outer room had a fireplace and TV, full kitchen with brand new equipment and lovely dining area. The bedroom had a comfortable king- sized bed and a large jacuzzi. The bath was slightly smaller, but had a huge modern shower.There were no elevators, so we had to walk up 3 flights of stairs, but it helped burn off those extra calories from desserts.The staff was very friendly and helpful except for one of the concierge members, who seemed not to know much of the city apart from the &quot;usual&quot; spots. The maid service was good. The breakfasts at the hotel each morning were very nice and there was complimentary wine and cheese each afternoon at 5.My only complaint was the noise. Each morning (including the weekend) there was construction noise, garbage collectors, etc outside. The windows must have been very thin because 3 floors up it was enough to awaken you. Also the ceiling transmitted the walking noises from the people above you (the floors are all hardwood without carpetting)Overall, we'd recommend the Auberge, but if the were to do something about the noise, I'd return in a heart beat.	
Jul 24 2004	Wonderful!	We stayed at the Auberge du Vieux-Port for five nights in July 2004. In a word, it is EXCELLENT! We checked in near midnight and were greeted with a wonderful and charming evening concierge. He served us a welcoming glass of wine and the helped us to our room.Our room was on the top floor overlooking the port! Our room was lovely, maybe French Provincial, and not at all overdone! The hardwood floors were authentic and the room had a slight slope to it, which added to the charm. Our sleigh bed was wonderful too! Two walls were completely brick, and were real building walls. The bathroom came with deluxe soaps, bath salts, etc., and two terry robes and two pairs of slippers. We had generous windows, which opened, with which to look out at the port and hear the sounds outside. When these double paned windows were closed, the room was almost soundproof. Although the terrace restaurant was above us, we never heard it. Neither did we hear the elevator, which was adjacent to our room as well.On Saturday evening, we went up to the terrace and watched fireworks, with matching classical music provided by the auberge. The restaurant in which we ate breakfast is a real treat! It serves both a continental and full breakfast. Some of the continental breakfast offerings were croissants, yogurts, cheeses, nectars and juices, fresh fruits, chocolate pastries, and gourmet granolas. Some of the hot breakfast offerings were French toast and crepes served with real Canadian maple syrup, omelets, Canadian smoked salmon, deep fried bacon, gourmet sausages, wonderful ham, delicious fluffy toast, and seasoned potatoes. Everything was fresh and delicious, hot and cold. Although the auberge is lovely, if you must go outside, the auberge is located in the center of Montreal’s old port (vieux-port). The auberge is convenient to all of the old city, including Notre Dame du Montreal, and you can even walk to downtown within 20 minutes.If you choose to stay in the auberge the whole time, that is fine too. The rooms have a high quality stereo (CD and radio), TV and free wireless Internet. The staff was always courteous and frequently engaged us in conversation. We highly recommend the Auberge du Vieux-Port in Montreal.	
Jul 19 2004	wonderful two-night stay	The main part of the hotel is gorgeous, and our room was large and airy...loved the hardwood floors, stone walls, and jacuzzi! There is some noise from the busy streets below, but we were there mid-week and were not bothered in the least. The hotel staff were unpretentious and friendly, the restaurant provides delicious meals... my partner and I were overall delighted! Highly recommended.	
Jul 15 2004	Excellent	The Auberge is an excellent small hotel,with a very European feel.Rooms are tastefully furnished, windows open to let in street sounds if you like, attentive service, and complimentary full breakfast .	
Jul 13 2004	Excellent Hotel...	I just returned from an excellent stay at this wonderful hotel. &quot;Auberge&quot; means &quot;country inn&quot; in french and that is the feel you'll get when staying here ... even though the hotel is centrally located in the tourist friendly Old Port area of Montreal between cobblestone streets. O.K., so here are my observations. The room was excellent. Very comfortable beds and pillows. The hardwood floor was a nice touch and the room was very clean. In fact, we arrived back to our room early one day and found the maid wet mopping the floor. We also enjoyed the jacuzzi bath. Our room faced Rue St. Paul in the back of the hotel, fourth floor (I requested a quiet room with two beds). For the most part it was quiet with the exception of our first night (a Saturday) ... some club/restaurant, or maybe it was a band at the nearby plaza, was playing music until late (the bars close at 3 a.m.). The hotel is VERY centrally located to everything, including the Metro. No car is necessary to see all of Montreal. Also, the staff were excellent ... always very courteous, helpful, and friendly. And the resturant in the cellar is also excellent. We particularly enjoyed the breakfasts each morning (included in the price) and the dinner we had there was truly wonderful. The bottom line is that if you're visiting Montreal as a tourist destination, stay at this hotel! You will not be disappointed.	
Jul 10 2004	Run! Don't Walk-- Away from this hotel!!!	It may sound romantic but be advised that a stay in this hotel is anything but....unless you like streets jammed shoulder to shoulder with bad b.o. smelling tourists, souvenir shops, overpriced &amp; LOUSY restaurants that prey upon tourists, construction noise, freight train at 4am. hotel lofts are many stairs up, dirty&amp;dusty, miserable maid service, and cockroaches. plus, no amenities. need i say more?	
Jul 7 2004	Hell in auberge lofts and old Montreal!!!!	we had not been to montreal for over a decade and were looking forward to our trip this summer (2004). were we ever disappointed!!!! stay away from the lofts offered by the hotel, even though they look AND SOUND cool in the online photos and in the pitch the hotel will give you when you call. more importantly, DO NOT stay in old montreal -- unless you like tee shirt and souvenir shops and enjoy being surrounded by &quot;millions&quot; of tourists (mainly blue collar canadian familes and their kids), the freight train that rolls through in the predawn hours, bums sleeping on all the park benches, beggars, and the deafening sound of construction. Worse still are the sucker bait restaurants in Old Montreal that offer EXPENSIVE sub par and uninteresting meals -- steak and fish etc. A decade or so ago Old Montreal made for an interesting half-day stroll. but in that decade, the properties have been bought up by shrewd entrepreneurs (greeks) and turned into a Times square of sorts. it will become the vacation from hell if you stay in the hotel's lofts. you must walk up flights of stairs -- tenement-style...maid service is lousy, rooms are dusty, lip imprints on glasses, roaches in the kitchen. They say wireless internet but that's only in the main hotel, not the lofts. Everyone working for the hotel uses the stupid cliche 'no problem&quot; whenever you ask and then BEG for services you normally expect when you stay in a hotel that charges these premium rates. we're shocked by the rave reviews for this hotel and wonder whether management is using shills...because the place is a disaster. montreal is a walking town, which is wonderful. but the last thing you need at the end of the day are several flights of stairs facing you. moreover, by the end of the day you want great restaurants a reasonable walking or cab distance away. this does NOT exist here. unless you want the environment of low class carnival -- old montreal, and horrible accomodations (the lofts) do yourself a favor and stay in a luxury high-rise hotel with all the ameneties close to the higher-class down town shopping areas (sherbrooke, for example) and the better restaurants.ps -- if you are driving from the u.s. DO NOT travel on a canadian or u.s. holiday...we had to wait in a 10 mile back up of cars for THREE HOURS!!! to get through canadian customs.	
Jul 5 2004	Honeymoon Spot	We stayed here for a week on our honeymoon.After looking at several inns on the web we settled on this one. We were not disappointed. The room was very well appointed and clean. The bathroom - with shower and jacuzzi, was a romantic and welcome touch afer long days on walking tours. Great to soak and relax. The breakfasts were excellent and the wine and cheese a nice way to end the day and whet your appetite for dinner out. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room had a CD player, iron/ironing board,TV and mini-fridge too. The huge terry robes were a nice touch.Yes, the rooms can be noisey (at least on the Rue St. Paul side) in the morning w/ deliveries. You're in the city - get over it.However, you can sit in the window seat and listen to street muscians, watch people go by and see the night city lights in this vibrant section of Montreal. Many restaurants are within waking distance, as is the Pavillion Jacque Cartier and the water front. We were there during Celefete and for Canada Day - the beginnning of the Montreal Jazz Festival. Lots to do and see. The inn is close to two metro stations as well. Next time we drive. We can not recommend taking Amtrak. Looking for a romantic pace to stay for your honeymoon? We suggest Auberge du Vieux Port.	
Jun 1 2004	The people location food.....heaven!	Forget the rumors of rude and unfriendly, our long weekend at the Auberge (May 27-30) was wonderful. From the moment the taxi pulled up, we were treated like royalty. Matthew, &amp; Doug (?) were wonderful. The street noise is there, but you wouldn't give up the sunrise over the river for the quiet. Breakfast was huge and delicious--Doris makes sure of that. Old Montreal is full of life and ambience. Truly a wonderful experience. When was the last or first time you bought the pillows when you left? 	
May 25 2004	Most Romantic Stay	I visited Auberge du Vieux-Port in May of 2004. It was a wonderful experience. It’s great to sit at the window with a glass of Champaign and watch people waking in the Old Montreal. Service was exceptional and wine and cheese afternoon break reminded me of Paris. The oversized windows just gave an additional charm to the rustic feeling of the room.	
Mar 5 2004	It was great !	My wife and I stayed at the Auberge du vieux-port for 4 nights. We found the staff to be very friendly and attentive and the breakfasts were great. We also enjoyed the afternoon wine and cheese tastings. We found the room to be very good, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom modern and clean. We had some noise from the street outside (our room faced the street and the roads are cobblestone) but we slept wonderfully. I don't know why the complaint about the lobby in the hotel being small ?? How much time are you going to spend in the lobby?? We also did not get any smell of burnt onions or any other foods from the restaurant. I found the hotel to be very central in Old Montreal, we walked almost everywhere and there is a metro station about 3 blocks away. We had a wonderful dinner at the Mondvie, got a table right by the band and next to a window (without even asking for it). The food was delicious and the band was great. When we go back to Montreal we will stay at the Vieux-port again.	
Dec 31 2003	Run Don't Walk To This Charming Hotel	My husband and I took advantage of Auberge du Vieux-Port Jazz weekend. What a fabulous take this is. The rooms are charming, the staff the most pleasant we have encountered in a long time, the breakfasts (included) sumptuous. But not to be missed is dinner at their famous restaurant - Les Remparts - and dinner and an evening of jazz at their jazz restaurant Modavie. The location is perfect for exploring art galleries, museums, boutiques - all on a winter's day. And to get oriented for those who have never been to this charming area of Montreal, take a horse-drawn carriage ride around the neighborhood. Make your reservations now for a fabulous weekend get-away.	
Nov 29 2003	Simply Marvellous!	Charming, clean and spacious room with antique looking furniture yet equipped with all modern amenities (CD player, safe, jacuzzi, Frette towels and robes...) Staff is very attentive and &quot;real&quot;. Dinner at the restaurant is a must. This little gem lives up to its reputation. Woudn't stay anywhere else in Montreal.	
Nov 22 2003	A Delicious Experience!	The Auberge is wonderful and the restaurant is exceptional-romantic and delicious! We had a wonderful time. Stay here.	
Sep 17 2003	Our experience was tres bien!	A recent visit to Montreal included a stay at this wonderfully warm and friendly establishment.We found the rooms to be comfortable, well furnished and quite beautiful, the views from the open floor to ceiling windows breath taking and the food at Les Ramparts exceptional.The accomodating and extremely friendly staff combined with everything else about this fine establishment, made our visit one to remember.We highly recommend a night at Auberge du Vieux-Port!T.L.	
Aug 15 2003	'a little gem in the heart of old Montreal'	A wonderful discovery in a delightful, vibrant location. Staff were very friendly and courteous at all times and offered helpful advice whenever we asked about local restaurants, etc. This is a small hotel with excellent accomodation and no pretentious staff. Bigggest bathroom and bedroom we had encountered throughout our three week holiday in Canada and we had been to Calgary, Rockies, Vancouver, and Quebec staying in 4/5 star hotels. (So great to have a separate and large shower at last and not one over the bath!) We were on the fifth floor overlooking St Paul's and there was a little noise but the lovely, very comfortable beds ensured a sound night's sleep. Breakfast was good and it was a nice touch to offer wine and cheese late afternoon - much appreciated after a long day out and before the evening stroll and meal. Small but interesting rooftop bar/cafe, with prompt service. Went to the restaurant one of the evenings and had a very pleasant meal with good service. Would definetly return and hopefully have a view of the river next time. Thanks for a memorable and very comfortable three nights!	
Jul 31 2003	A jewel of a hotel close to everything!	The Auberge du Vieux Port is a true jewel of a hotel in the heart of old Montreal and close to everything! I stayed there with my husband on our honeymoon in December in a great water view room with King Bed, double jacuzzi (and a huge bath), exposed brick walls, hardwiood floors, and a super sound system from the in-room CD player. Returned in March with sister and cousin and stayed in a back room with a rollaway. Room was darker and noisy when the bars closed around 3 am but we all loved the location. This was my third time and I will always stay there when I return to Montreal - summer or winter!	
Jul 20 2003	Romantic 	My family recently spent 3 nights at the auberge. We found the hotel to be charming and romantic. The decor was beautiful and the location was great for people who like to wander, window shop and eat at outdoor cafes. The lobby is a bit small (the lobby at the sister Hotel Nelligan is more impressive) but we found the staff to be geniunely helpful and caring. When we inquired about a particular popular restaurant that we had heard of, the desk clerk not only provided us with helpful infomation but she also offered to make our reservation. The room was huge and well appointed. Walking into the room for the first time, we found a modern JVC CD/radio playing classical music. Nice touch! The bathroom had a jacuzzi &amp; a shower and was stocked with a robe and slippers for each of us. There was a complimentary breakfast (buffet &amp; service) as well as afternoon wine &amp; cheese. The room tended to be noisy in the early morning because of deliveries being made at local businesses but overall we highly recommend the auberge without reservation.	
Jul 14 2003	So So Stay at the AUBERGE		
May 21 2003	Simply wonderfull		
May 6 2003	Good But....		
Apr 15 2003	Exceptional		
Feb 9 2003	Great Hotel in the Historical Center		
Feb 1 2003	Most charming hotel		
Nov 14 2002	A very nice old Inn		
Nov 2 2002	Excellent Inn		
Sep 28 2002	Wonderful Stay		
Sep 19 2001	What a great experience		
Oct 8 2009 	Bel hôtel de charme		
Jul 17 2009 	Idéalement situé et offrant tout le confort pour un séjour en famille mais très bruyant.		
