Nov 15 2009 	Nice hotel	This was a beautiful hotel, the lobby is exquisite. There is a seperate counter in the lobby with someone who can ask where things are, places to eat, time things open and close, very helpful and they speak great english. The rooms are beautiful, a little small but very clean with full length glass windows with a great view. Free internet is avalaible in the lobby. There was also a shop in the lobby that sold toothpaste, snacks, water, etc. Also there is a parking garage underneath the hotel.	
Nov 13 2009 	Wonderfully Accommodating and Enjoyable Hotel	Finding this hotel on Expedia, I stayed at Delta Centre-Ville for five nights in October 2009. I was impressed from the moment we checked in. The staff was more than accommodating, helpful and pleasant. Our room was beautifully updated and had a wonderful view of the city. It was also clean, had a comfortable bed, and the bath robe and bath products were good quality. The Signature Lounge on the top floor was lovely for enjoying a cocktail in comfort and beauty. The parking was convenient and easy for such a large city. The location was perfect and within walking distance to St. Catherine, Old Port and the heart of downtown Montreal. I stayed in the room until mid-afternoon one day and missed housekeeping. The staff was happy to have my room cleaned and restocked within minutes of my late request. The staff was also very nice to weigh our luggage when we checked out to ensure we were not over the weigh limit. Can’t say enough about how professional and warm the staff was. The hotel itself is very pretty, the lobbies, elevators, pool area, restaurants and lounge were recently remolded, attractive, clean and comfortable. Unlike other reviews, I did not find the elevators slow and my room was on the 28th floor. I really felt at home at Delta Centre-Ville and will stay there again in the future.	
Nov 10 2009 	Nice hotel with a great locatoin	This is a nice hotel for the price. The pros of this hotel are:Pool areaLocation - right near all attractionsStaff is extremely nice and helpfulParking is easier and not too bad priced for a big cityThe metro is right near by and close to all shopsNice balconyBig roomsConsSlow elevatorsOverall we always have a very nice stay at the Delta.	
Nov 8 2009 	Perfectly nice business hotel	Some of the reviews of this hotel are disturbing; makes me wonder whether we (all) were in the same place even if at different times. I found it good. I visited for a conference, stayed 2 nights, and with a AAA discount, got the cheapest room for $140 a night, minus taxes. Room was on the 10th floor, but I arrived late to the conference. Friends had rooms on the 21st floor. It was thoroughly comfortable, clean wherever I looked, had a comfortable bed, and very good service from maids, concierge, bellman. Apparently people nearby had small children; I heard them through the door when they played in the hall. BUT I heard nothing through the walls themselves, so the soundproofing's very good -- unless the parents kindly muffled their kids when they're all in the room together. The hotel food was overpriced and only ok -- but plenty of places to eat nearby, and some excellent upscale restaurnats within 15 minute walk. My only complaint is that the water pressure was not particularly good, but I certainly was able to wash completely. And I didn't know about the pool in advance, so didn't bring my bathing suit.	
Nov 1 2009 	Very nice location trouble-free self parking easy walk to old Montreal	The Delta Centre Ville is the easiest hotel in Montreal to find. After you drop off your luggage will the Bell Captain you can self park your car. We never used our car in the six days as we were able to walk everywhere.My wife and I traveled to Montreal for the International Diabetes Conference. We chose the Delta Centre Ville for it’s location to the conference center and being able to walk to the conference underground if the weather was inclement. While my wife was at the conference I spent a lot of time at the hotel and walking around Montreal which is a great way to see the city. I was impressed with how clean the city was.I found the Bell Staff, Housekeeping and Room Service Staff to be very helpful and friendly. The Front Desk Staff seamed a little put out when you asked them a question, one staffer member even told me to ask some else to help me. Not warm and fuzzy. We did not eat in the restaurant, but we did enjoy a drink in the lounge. Service in the lounge was adequate. There was a very nice pool and work out room.The hotel’s location makes it easy to walk down to old Montreal were you will find many great restaurants. It is a short walk up to St. Catherine street and again you can walk in the tunnels back to the hotel.	
Oct 23 2009 	great stay great location	we spent one week in this hotel to assist at a conference,a bit suspicious about the negative reviews we had been reading;we had altogether a very fine stay; of course the hotel was a bit dated but rooms were spacious and clean and very silent with great beds , thebathroom was ok and the breakfast was also very nice .only strange thing :there was no safe in the room.	
Oct 13 2009 	Not Good	This accommodation was booked for me by my Union for a convention. The location was appealing, however, the Hotel itself lived DOWN to all the reviews I have read on Trip Advisor. Shabby, unclean and in great need of updating. The coffee maker looks toxic. The maid was who gave me directions to the ice machine was nice.	
Oct 9 2009 	nice place	The hotel was nice and the room are nice and are nice view from top of the hotel. Great location in the center of the town. Many shops and restaurants are around within walking distance.	
Oct 3 2009 	A comfortable hotel with a good location in Montreal	We stayed at the Delta Centre-Ville for 3 nights in September. We had none of the problems with cleanliness that previous reviewers seem to have experienced. The room on 24th floor was large and comfortable. Some of the furniture in the room seemed a little &quot;dated&quot;, but this was by far outweighed by the great views of the city from the room which had large floor to ceiling windows. Plenty of space to hang clothes in a walk in wardrobe (again rather old fashioned style) - even managed to get both suitcases in there as well! The room was quiet, but I would recommend you ask for a room on a high floor as the hotel is on a busy junction, so traffic noise may be a problem on a lower floor facing the road.The hotel is in easy walking distance to the old town, the shopping areas and the station and is around 30 mins by taxi from the airport. The reception area is light and spacious, but this feeling is not continued into the bar and restaurant. The restaurant on the ground floor did not look amazingly inviting as it seemed quite dark, although plenty of people were eating there. The bar had no atmosphere at all and could really do with a modernization to make it more inviting. We did not eat at the hotel at all. For breakfast, we walked up to the Via Rail station (turn right and go up the hill - only a few minutes walk) and there is a wonderful little place within the station that cooks the breakfast in front of you while you wait - the panckaes and maple syrup have to be tried!) Alternatively, if you walk through the restaurant and continue through the door at the end, there are esculaters down to various places for breakfast and coffee rather than pay the hotel prices..... There are also lots of places for evening meals in Montreal &quot;old town&quot;.The swimming pool is rather small and also very deep. My husband is a tall man and even he could not stand in the water in the majority of the area of the pool - definitely not suitable for children. The pool was a good temperature and it was not busy when we went there, so was fine.Overall, a clean and comfortable hotel we found and we would stay there again.	
Sep 23 2009 	Don't do it.	I am returning from several nights at the Delta. Here's my experience...Positives:-Beautiful building.-Excellent location.-Easy metro access.Negatives:-We had no water. Pumps were down for repair and we were told to visit the pool if we wanted to wash up.-Leftover hair and stains on the bed linens.-Rather difficult parking.-No wireless internet.-Rude concierge desk.	
Aug 30 2009 	BED BUGS	I stayed with a friend at this hotel for the weekend of Aug 21-23 2009 and the first morning my friend woke with bug bites on his legs. I didnt know what to think but as the the weekend finished the bites continued. One week later I woke in my own bed with bite marks all over my back and arms. I have never had this problem before in my bed and as a result have lost my mattress and box spring. I complained to the hotel manager who says its the first she has heard of it. Now I am waiting to hear back from her as she &quot; INVESTIGATES&quot; the problem. Most likely the hotel will tell me that its not their fault and dismiss my accusations of bed bugs in their hotel..but I am sure they came from there!	
Aug 29 2009 	typical business hotel fine for us	Booked this on Hotwire and got a good deal. We checked in late due to lost baggage, staff were very welcoming. We had a nice big room and comfy bed. The only thing we did not like was that the room smelt of cigarette smoke, this was probably mentioned at check in but i was not listening properly! It was not the end of the world and we didn't ask to change room but you may want to mention this at check in. The location was good and easy to walk into town. also handy to have the free internet access in the lobby.	
Aug 28 2009 	Good value	Good value and ideal location if you have business or a conference at the International Civil Aviation Organisation.	
Aug 28 2009 	Really friendly staff and an elegant atmosphere	I had the opportunity to accompany my boyfriend to Montreal last week, as he was going on business. We stayed at the Hampton for the first couple of nights but booked ourselves downtown for an extra night at the Delta. Let me first say, be careful which one you book! There are actually two Delta locations downtown Montreal, and they are not very far from each other. We actually went to the wrong one at first, and had to go get back in the car and drive around to the other location. Driving in Montreal is very confusing as they have so many one way streets, and if you don’t have a GPS you are going to end up going on and off a lot of highways!Once we got to the right Delta, they had valet parking in the front, which we opted out of. I found out that we could just park ourselves. Parking was located on the other side of the building and was a little tricky to get to. We ended up driving around the building twice before finding out how to get into the underground parking. It was 22 dollars a night to park, which gave you access to come and go as you please. Luckily we were only staying a night, and although I found it hard to cough up 22 dollars just to park, we didn’t have any other options so we just went ahead with it. The parking garage is very tight, and a bit small. We took a cab to where we wanted to go, so we luckily got a great parking spot as we arrived around 2pm. I noticed later at night a lot of cars waiting for people to move so they can get a spot, it looked like it was very very hard to find a parking spot in the evening, I’m glad we didn’t have to worry about that. The entrance of the hotel is beautiful, it is very elegant and the hotel has 27 floors. Check in was a breeze and the staff was more then friendly. They even advised me to go to the concierge desk and get a map for Old Montreal as they had fireworks that evening. I was so thrilled! She also gave us a room on the 23rd floor which had a fairly good view of downtown Montreal. The room in my opinion was smaller then most hotel rooms I have been in, but it was nice. The bed was super comfy, the pillows were awesome and the bathroom was quite nice. The bathroom had a feeling of being in a spa, and even included some spa soaps and other toiletries. It was very clean and very quiet. Later that evening we got the map from the concierge and went downtown, we saw the fireworks which were the most impressive firework displays I have ever seen. Old Montreal is absolutely gorgeous and very romantic. We decided to take a horse drawn carriage ride which was about 35 minutes in duration. Old Montreal has a lot of unique architecture along with cobble stone roads. It is very busy at night and I would recommend taking a cab. The cab was less then 10 dollars one way from the hotel to the pier where the fireworks were which was right down in Old Montreal. I absolutely loved Montreal!We had breakfast at the restaurant in the morning, which was OUT OF THIS WORLD! I know it was just breakfast, but it was so delicious! The orange juice tasted like it came right out of the orange, and they had so much selection of hot and cold options. We obviously ate way too much as we opted to go for the hot and cold breakfast buffet. It was about 20 dollars each, but was well worth it!All in all I really enjoyed this hotel, it was elegant and clean, and the staff was very friendly. The only negative thing I would have to say is that the room was a bit small. However, the price was great especially for Montreal! Don’t expect to pay less then $250.00 a night at most hotels downtown Montreal. This one was 179.00 which saved us some money. If you need anymore insight, feel free to send me an e-mail!	
Aug 23 2009 	Overall a good place to stay	Staff polite and helpful.Connected to subway and underground walkway. Small pointless swimming pool.Nice revolving restaurant on top.	
Aug 22 2009 	Beautiful hotel and Friendly staff	We redeemed Asiamiles points for a 3-night stay at this hotel. I thought it was very grand and beautiful. The staff was friendly. Since I made the online booking first for 2 nights, then a 2nd booking for one more night, so we were assigned two different rooms at check-in. The lady clerk was nice who offered to change it so that we did not have to pack up and move to a different room the next day. Many times when I had questions about directions and airport transportation etc, they were all very friendly and helpful.It’s very conveniently located in Old Montreal, and is not far from the Old Port and China Town. There are underground pathways that connect to Victoria Station and other buildings. Lots of shops and restaurants nearby.However, there are some issues that I do hope the hotel will improve on although these issues did not affect our brief stay at the hotel. First, the air-conditioning vent outlet in the room seems to be quite dirty. We could see the part of ceiling where the air is blown against is all blackened, which indicates that airducts need to be cleaned. There is a possibility that they were cleaned but the ceiling had not been repainted since we thought the air was quite fresh. However, the blackened ceiling does scare the guests living within.Second, the bathroom was lacking towel racks. We wanted to support the eco friendly idea by keeping the towels for our 2nd day’s stay, but once the towels were removed from the cabinet under the sink, we could not find any place to put the wet towels. There are only two small hooks on the walls which don’t hold big towels very well.Third, the gym is too small and not very well equipped. We have checked it out once but did not use it. There were only 3 treadmills and were all occupied when we visited, and the weights were not secured tightly to the bar, so there is a safety issue here.On the whole, it’s a very nice hotel.Tips on restaurants: All the restaurants in the hotel tend to be pricey. I recommend the followings:Casual meals:`Crêperie Chez Suzette (3, St-Paul street E.)Formal dinners: James Rooster (3 Rue de la Commune, Vieux Montreal)Decent Chinese meals (dimsums and dinners): Chez Chine Restaurant (within Holiday Inn Select Montreal Centre Ville Downtown 99 Viger Ave &amp; St. Urbain St)	
Aug 22 2009 	Good business hotel	This is a good hotel for conferences -- they're set up for it and they really have it together. The rooms are OK, though none that we saw had fabulous views. Did not hear any noise from surrounding rooms. Service is first-rate. What's also good is that you can travel underground from the hotel to many parts of the city, so if it's raining that's a great thing.	
Aug 19 2009 	Good hotel Okay location	Weekend trip, location was a little walk from the malls and attractions. The pool is alot smaller than the website shows.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great Location--Great hotel!!	I stayed a weekend with my daughter. We had a blast! The staff was friendly and helpful, comfortable rooms, comfy beds, clean, 2 restaurants, small store, clothing store, spa, nice indoor pool, lots of elevators that are very fast! We will stay here again. We got a great deal on Hotwire for 86.00 a night in July--well worth it! They have high speed internet, you just have to use computers in lobby or take your lap top and ask for an access code an you can only use it in the lobby. Park below the hotel in the back, just don't charge it to your room--the hotel charges what they want--double! Pay the garage attendant when you leave to go home!	
Jul 26 2009 	Perfect for the train	We only stayed one night, but as people who use the train we found this hotel to be very convenient to the station. It is a very big and busy hotel, but the staff were fast and efficient when checking in. The room was very comfortable even though it was a little worn with age. There are better and cheaper hotels in Montreal, but the location is great.	
Jul 22 2009 	Ok hotel in Ok location	We stayed at this hotel for approximately 5 nights in July 2009. We were there for a swim meet. The positives were that we could access the metro from within the hotel. Also the kid's menu was reasonably priced and tasty. We stayed on the Signature Club floor 18. There was a continental breakfast and free drinks and small snacks from 5-7pm. The food at the lounge wasn't replaced and was just ok for the extra $40/night. However, we did complain about this to guest services and they credited us for one night of the lounge and gave us the parking of $22/day for free. So we were happy with the guest services. The pool is a little small but ok for small children. The staff were very friendly at the front desk and throughout the hotel. The value is fairly good for the price. It is definitely a 3-4 star hotel and not a 5 star hotel. There was a turndown service and cleaning was well done. I think we would try a different hotel next time closer to the shopping area but I would recommend the hotel for business people.	
Jul 1 2009 	It's a Blast from the Past Baby	The best can be said about this hotel is that it's laughably bad. It was, apparently built for the Montreal Olympics in 1976. The only things that have changed are the carpets, curtains and upholstery. The bathroom is one step above penitential, with those funky plastic handles that were cheap circa '76, tiny bathtub, and running toilet. Great value though; still going strong in 2009. From the pole lamp in the bedroom to no mini-bar, no in-room safe for valuables, indifferent and actively disengaged staff the only reason to stay here is price. But truly, even at the low price, its so dated and the service is so poor its got to be the last choice. Food quality and selection is contemporary greasy spoon. The place is clearly set up for the lowest common denominator and even does that poorly. On the upside, the bed was comfortable; it must be new. If its this bad to stay there, I shudder to think what it must be like to have to work there. There's a second Delta in Montreal. Perhaps its better. After this experience, I won't be giving it a try.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great location excellent service great weekend!	We visited Montreal with friends for an extended weekend. This was the first visit to the Delta Centre-Ville, even though we have been to Montreal on many occasions. The location was ideal as it was a 5 minute walk away from Gare Centrale (Central Train Station) as we arrived on VIA Rail. The hotel was only one block away from the Square Victoria Metro (Subway) station. We purchased the 3 day Carte Touristique for $17. It gives you 3 days of unlimited transit use. We were within walking distance of many attractions and the shops of Ste. Catherine St.The Delta Centre-Ville's rooms were large, as we had a King sized bed. The bed was very comfortable. The view was to the North, looking upon the office towers and Square Victoria. The washroom was clean and roomy. A nice desk and lots of light. High speed internet was available for a fee. Did not use this on this trip. The only area for improvement was that the wall paper could have used a change...looked a bit dated.The pool on the 4th floor was very nice, with a small, but well equipped gym. Bring your ear phones for the TV's on the treadmills. The pool was quite warm and has two shallow ends with a deep middle. There is a patio off of the pool area.The staff were very personable. There is a small tuck shop on the lobby floor and a small boutique. All staff were fluent in English and en francais. There is a very nice revolving restaurant on the top floor. We viewed the restaurant but did not eat there. Overall, a great stay and service at the Delta Centre-Ville.	
Jun 23 2009 	Rather Dissapionted	Hotel lobby very nice and well laid out nice and clean staff friendly and helpfull. we had room 1010 which was not that good to be honest bit tatty really , carpets faded, furniture scratched and chipped, the chrome on bath taps had been rubbed away and there was a chip in sink there was also a plastic bag over the extractor? the tv was 1980's deluxe model and the remote didnt work!! lol , also one of out cups had a chip and the windows were not very clean apart from cobwebs on ceilling the room was clean and the bed comfy.when we arrived there was some dicarded pizza boxes and crumbs in the hallway these were still there when we left 3 days later!!On the plus side we enjoyed breakfast in the resturant Rather dissapionted really	
Jun 11 2009 	Not my first choice...	This hotel was really our only choice of a place to stay in Montreal. Both myself and my fiancee work in the hotel industry in the maritimes, and therefore, get a pretty decent rate. Unfortunately all the hotels in my corporation in the area were booked up, having travelled there in the week before Christmas. So, the Centre-ville was our only choice. The staff was rude, and very unhelpful, with the exception of the in-room dining staff, who were polite and a great asset to the company, in my opinion. We reserved a King room, smoking, on the Signature Lounge floor, since I'm a DP Platinum member. Instead, we got a double double, nonsmoking on the 5th floor. Not Impressed. We went to see a Canadiens game for my birthday, but none of the staff could give me decent directions to the Bell Centre. In fact, the gentleman at the desk pointed, and grunted, &quot;It's over there!&quot; However, the hotel is in a great location for any business traveller looking to be close to the hustle and bustle. Parking is expensive, but worth it. Don't bother trying to drive in the city, unless you're a seasoned veteran. Overall, not an enjoyable experience.	
Jun 9 2009 	Nice hotel good location but pricey.	Rooms could use some updating, but comfortable. Double beds instead of queen beds, not so nice. $10 a day for high speed internet, free use of 2 computers with printers in the lobby. Great location for walking every where (was travelling with parents in their 60's, they did OK walking). Good access to the Palais de Congres (Conference Centre), about a 7 minute walk. Subway stop about a block away. Underground parking garage is very tight, we had a Yaris and it was OK, but a big car/SUV would be a nightmare. Nice workout centre with TV's on the cardio equipment, and a sundeck for tanning. The pool is very small, and no hot tub, but there is a sauna in the change room. Very friendly staff.	
Jun 3 2009 	Poor customer service otherwise "fair to good" hotel	Was greeted upon arrival by a VERY soiled toilet seat (yuck!!!). Hotel response was &quot;ooops...sorry about that&quot; with no effort to make ammends (e.g. room change, upgrade etc). I restated concerns upon returning home when the hotel chain sent the standard follow up request for comments via email .....no response from them.....I cannot recommend hotel based on this experience alone...will not return.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Hotel in the Heart of the city !	I stayed at Centre-Ville for 2 great nights this may. The hotel was great. The rooms were wonderfull with luxerious beds and beddings. You can walk the whole city from this vantage point. 10 mins to old montreal and 10 mins to Rue St catherine. The metro is a quick walk from the basment which gives you full access to this World class city !!! the pool area is very slek and nice and the roof top revolving resturaunt has award winning views of the enitre city, allthough the food is a bit pricey. We booked directly with the hotel and mathced the rate expedia was going o give us 104 per night. We also had the premium rooms !!!! disregard any neg comments unless your an uber snob this place rocks. Oh on a side note the room service selection was some of the chepest i have EVER seen in a hotel i could actually afford to order it!!	
May 28 2009 	Good enough!	It was not our first time in Montreal. In the past, we've stayed at the Hyatt, Sheraton and Intercontinental. Since none of these hotels could give me a travel agent discount rate, I booked thru Hotwire. I chose a 3.5 stars at a rate of US$66. I have not used Delta hotels in the past so I was quite surprised that this was what I got from Hotwire. I had to check out with Trip Advisor for a background of the hotel. I was disappointed with the negative reviews but I got valuable tips that made my stay wonderful. The front desk was so accommodating and every hotel staff for that matter was so friendly and helpful. From the reviews, I learned that the premier rooms were recently renovated so I asked to be upgraded for an extra $20/night. We were given a room on the 27th floor overlooking the river -- it was fantastic! No major complaints except for the fact that you have to wait for 30 minutes after check-in before water would be available in your room, There are no notice/signs for this and when I phoned Housekeeping what I got was a rather routine remark of &quot;wait for 30 minutes.&quot; I just hope that they will post a sign for this for everybody's convenience. I agree with the reviews that the bathroom lacks some racks to hang towels and that the renovated room did not include newer faucet and door knobs. They should have spent a little more for these. The walk to the Metro station is not that bad and the undergound link is so convenient as well as the food court on the lower level of the bldg. The food court close at 5pm and they are not open on weekends. The food inside the hotel is expensive. Overall, for the price of US$86 a night, this is a steal! When I return to Montreal, I will book at Hyatt ahead of time for a shorter walk to the subway and a bigger food court.	
May 10 2009 	Clean and comfortable but nothing special	I stayed here for 5 days while attending a conference. The hotel is very close to the convention center and subway as well as connected to the &quot;underground city&quot;. It is in the financial district which is a ghost town on the weekends so I would not stay here for a pleasure trip. All of the rooms have floor to ceiling windows; my room was clean and large with a desk. The bathroom was spacious but lacked towel racks and a place to hang a robe or toiletry kit. All of the staff were efficient. and pleasant. The hotel is a bit dated. The coffee maker cord had the grounding plug cut so it would fit an extension cord that was plugged in behind the TV. Not only did it not work but what a silly dangerous thing to do. Why not just get the correct extensions? I would probably not stay here again.	
Apr 29 2009 	IN NEED OF RENO	Would not go back until I knew that they have done major renovations. Very Dated and in need of overhaul.	
Apr 13 2009 	Wonderful hotel!	We just came back from a weekend in Montreal and of course we stayed at the Delta Centre Ville. I would definitely stay here again! We paid a little extra ($14/night) for a premier room, which put us on the 27th floor (there are 28 floors, then a revolving restaurant) and gave us a large room with a king size bed. The bed was without a doubt the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in! The room was very clean, spacious and I was surpised and happy to see that they had a clock radio with an ipod dock, which meant I could recharge my ipod easily for our 8 hour train ride home. The staff was awesome and took the time to talk to us at every opportunity. The hotel is situated between 'Downtown Montreal' and 'Old Montreal', and we felt it was in the perfect location for us. We literally walked everywhere! From the moment we got there we walked from the train station to the hotel, which took approximately 5 minutes; then the rest of the weekend we walked all over old Montreal (which has an old European feel to it); to Chinatown, to downtown, Place des Arts, up to Mont Royal and then of course to the Bell Ctr for a hockey game. Monteal is very easy to get around if you like walking and this hotel is in a great location to easily access all of it! It is also connected to the &quot;underground city&quot;, which would be helpful if the weather is bad. It was nice to have a couple of computers conveniently located in the lobby so that we could quickly check our emails on our way in/out. Overall, our stay at the Delta Centre Ville was awesome, as were the views from our 27th floor room!	
Mar 26 2009 	Book a king sized bed ... Heaven!	First of all, book a superior room, which doesn't cost that much. We always pay 200$ when we visit for one night. We get a king sized bed for 3 people, which is perfect. We even have room for two pillows between each other. They really have a good breakfast and their cheese pizza is to die for. The poutine is also very good and so is their cesar salad. Basically, everything they have to eat is good. The service itself is good. We got there earlier than usual one time and we had no problem leaving our bags in the room. The location is very convenient also, because they have a metro stop, right under the hotel. You can access it by the restaurant, which is pretty cool. The pool is such a fun place to be. It's located up high, so you get a nice view of Montreal. All in all, this hotel is my first choice.	
Mar 2 2009	great place for a (small/medium) conference	The North American Youth Exchange (Rotary International) Officers just used this hotel for a three-day conference - of about 300 people. The hotel was nearly perfect. All the staff were pleasant, courteous and helpful. The rooms were bright, clean, spacious. Buffets for breakfast and lunch were top-notch. Public transportation is immediately available (taxis, of course, are right there, as is the Metro (subway))	
Feb 27 2009 	Clean but nothing to impressive	The hotel is just okay. The staff was very nice and helpful. The rooms were just okay. A bit outdated - you could see a few areas where the carpet was coming up. We stayed there because of a business meeting and had my family travel with me. If you are trying to impress your customers this is not the place to stay. They do offer the opportunity to upgrade to a &quot;delux&quot; room but I found out later that it is the same thing as a regular room. The location was great because it was in the middle of everything. If you are not a picky person this would be an okay hotel to stay at but for less that $180 a night.	
Feb 21 2009 	Nice location very comfortable beds.	In the heart of the financial district, this hi-rise hotel is clean and somewhat modern. Lobby is spacious, but our room, not so much. It was pretty standard, but the extremely comfy bed and pillows made up for it. Two of the most interesting things at the Delta: the glass elevator, and revolving restaurant on the top floor. While the food was pricey and just okay (exception - beautiful artisan chocolates), the views of the Montreal were spectacular. The downfalls: pool is on the small side, there's no hot tub, and the parking garage is small with a terrible layout. It's connected to a public parking lot, so it was very confusing for us to know where to park. The location of the hotel is great. We walked to the St. Catherine shopping district in about 10 minutes. Old Montreal was just a few blocks away too. If you're someone who likes to stay smack in the middle of the action, this may not be the right hotel since the financial district seems to really clear out on the weekends. If you don't mind walking a few blocks, it's a perfectly good place to stay.	
Feb 17 2009 	This delta is just okay....	Rate was good, booked online at the Delta websaver.Location is great, easy access to shopping, train station, metro etc. Rooms are spacious but a little dated, there was a small hole in our sheets and the carpet a bit frayed, old small tv, no fridge in our room which was inconvenient for a family with a 3 year old and 5 year old. Pool was very cold - 26 degrees and not suitable for young children as it's shallow end was 4 feet, 8 inches and had a sharp drop off. Lifejackets available however. Room service was very slow. Bell captain refused to let us take the luggage cart to our room - was rude and then when we did get our bags to the lobby, no help was offered. Kids weren't offered the check -in package advertised, however, when we asked the next day we were given the package.Overall - just an average hotel - cleanliness was good and the rate was good.	
Feb 16 2009 	Nice stay but a bit dated	I was at Montreal for a conference and stayed at Delta for 5 nights. I agree with what other reviewers have posted, the hotel is a bit dated and not really a 4* hotel (not very secured door, no fridge or safe in the room, and water pressure was pathetic.) Despite all the minor faults of the hotel's hardware, I'd still give this hotel a 4 star rating for its really friendly staffs. The guy who checked me in was really nice and answered all the questions I've (about internet, room upgrade, etc). Few days later while I was using the computer at the public area, the printer failed to print, and another member of staff went through all the troubles to connect another printer for me just so I can print off my document, and he was really patient and apologetic (really can't thank him enough for doing this). When I checked out, I needed to put my bills into 3 separate receipts, and the staff, again, was very nice and helpful. Also, the location of the hotel is very convenient. It is very close to the conference centre (about 3mins walk), notre-dame, and rue catherine. It's a good place to stay if you're here for a business trip or a short holiday.	
Feb 16 2009 	Fine for a short trip	Stayed at the Delta for a conference at the Palais du Congress. The hotel is getting a bit dated as noted by others who reviewed here. Good points: location for conference centre, location for Old Montreal, very very comfy beds, helpful front desk staff. Bad points: some parts of the hotel are looking a bit shabby (our door looked as if several people had tried to kick it down in the past), free internet access in lobby only not in rooms, no safe in room, lack of water pressure in shower. I do feel a bit bad about the last point as I complained at the end of my stay about the shower and the lovely staff on reception were upset that I hadn't complained earlier so that they could have got someone up to look at it - I just presumed this was how the showers were. All in all, it was Ok for business but I wouldn't stay there if I was in Montreal on a personal visit.	
Feb 1 2009	Very comfy room 14th floor but getting dated.	We stayed here for 5 nights NHL ALL-STAR weekend. The hotel reveiced a Star Reduction the week before our arrival from a 4-Star to a 3.5. We agree that it certainly was not a 4-star as the rooms are beginning to look a bit dated and the room security was marginal at best. No deadbolt on the door and just a simple chain across the door did not keep us at ease. The check-in staff is very professional and kind. Our room was on the 14th floor. It was right next to the elevators which added to some unwanted noise. The cold water tap did not work and just spun around and around. The hot water took quite a while to reach our floor as well. The living room was very bizarre. There was a large dresser with the TV that was 5ft from any wall with alot wasted space in the room and made it look like something was missing or taken for another room. Odd to say the least.The king bed was very very comfortable and the pillows were just as comfortable. We slept extremely well. You can reach the subway system through the underground, you can get to the Gare Central as well. All shopping downtown can be accessed from the hotel as well.	
Jan 8 2009 	Good value nice renovated rooms	The Delta Centre-Ville is one of two Delta in downtown Montreal. It is conveniently located within walking distance of the train station and close to the old Montreal area. It is connected to the Montreal Underground walking network (RESO) and accessible via the Square Victoria Metro station (exit: Tour de la Bourse).Many rooms have been renovated over the years so most of them are in good shape. Bathrooms have been relatively well maintained although they somewhat show their age (specially bathtub/shower).The hotel has three panaromic elevators on one side which are neat.The gym is reasonable featuring the standard training equipment (ellipticals, treadmils, bikes) all equipped with TVs + a few machines/weights. Pool area also looks good.The top floor features a panoramic/rotating restaurant (Tour de Ville) which usually featurs a theme buffet. The main floor has a more casual offering (Chez Antoine) where you have access to a very good breakfast buffet in the morning.If you have access to the Signature club floors (and lounge), the lounge offers a nice panoramic view of the city. The food offering is rather thin though compared to other hotel lounge and price relatively steep for alcohol.	
Jan 2 2009 	Good location good vaiue good ammenities	Great location for us - very near a subway stop (Square Vittoria) and between Vieux Montreal and the Downtown, walking distance to both. Pool, sauna, fitness room, free internet in the lobby ($10/day in the room). The immediate area is very &quot;business like&quot; - tall buildings, banks, train station, and the Montreal stock exhange, but it is a short walk to more lively areas.The only reason I didn't give it a &quot;5&quot; is because it was looking a little worn -- clock radio didn't work, worn desk, light didn't work in the closet -- all minor things, but it could be freshened up a bit. We paided $117 a night which I thought was a good deal (3 people in one room).	
Nov 20 2008 	Perfect location to enjoy both the old 	My husband and I recently traveled to Montreal. Before booking I read the top 20-30 reviews of the best places to stay based on price, upkeep of the hotel, service etc. More importantly before booking I wanted a hotel that would be in &quot;the&quot; location. I didn't want to have to take the Metro, or rely on taxis, I wanted to be able to walk to St. Catherine's Street for the shopping and to Old Montreal where we would dine in the evenings. I believe I found that in the Delta Centre-Ville. It was literally a 10-15 minute walk up (up hill all the way) to St. Catherines and a 10 minute walk in the other direction to Old Montreal. It was PERFECT! As for the hotel, it was clean, modern, everything you would expect from a Delta (it wasn't run down or in need of any repair). The hotel staff were very helpful; front desk, concierge, bellmen. And, the price was right. In fact the rate we paid was less than the number 1 location listed on Trip Advisor as the place to stay in Montreal. I was alerted to this location because of an advertisement I saw in my Aeroplan e-newsletter. Our trip was amazing, we had an an awesome dinner at restaurant kitty corner to the first church built in Old Montreal. And, of course now my husband wants to go back.Don't be afraid to check out the Delta Centre-Ville.	
Nov 17 2008 	Par excellence	Wife and I returned to Quebec to celebrate our near-44th wedding anniversary, driving to Montreal from Burlington VT airport. We experienced no problems at check-in nor with access to parking garage. The floor was quiet and the room was excellent, roomy and provided with extra touches like full cotton robes and comfortable bedding. Frankly it was more than expected for the $99 p.d. Hotwire rate! Spaces are tight in the parking levels and one might take care, esp. with a rental car, from dings. The access to &amp; from garage and lobby via hotel elevator is relatively easy &amp; convenient. There are nice shops at lobby level. Somewhat confusing is the exiting of the garage, with less-than-specific directions and gating but one will emerge! The parking fee is reduced for guests (C$22 pd?) and one should validate entry at the front desk for credit. Actually, with the exception of an evening drive and dinner in Petite Italie (worth the visit), a vibrant Italian section full of select restaurants w sidewalk dining, we dined locally in Vieux Montreal, a short walk from the hotel, and along the river. There is a fabulous breakfast cafe and reasonably priced menu near the cathedral/basilica, a short walk, We did not dine at the hotel. The staff were friendly, cordial and professional from front desk to our room attendants.	
Sep 30 2008 	comfortable hotel a bit pricey	This hotel was very nice. The room size was fine, The staff were very professional and helpful at any time. I love the consignere he absolutely great and helped us out in a funny situation with a city tour. Not sure what we would have done without him. Finding a place to eat outside the hotel was a bit of a walk since we didn't have a car. Overall the hotel was efficient, clean and would go back again.	
Sep 28 2008 	Loved this hotel	Have just returned from Montreal following a conference.Had access to the signature club lounge with free internet and continental breakfast. Melissa was very sweet and helpful. Easy walk to Palais de Congres and Notre Dame Basilica. The walking tour of Old Montreal was excellent and also enjoyed the Sound and light show at the Basilica.Loved the hotel and loved Montreal.	
Sep 26 2008	Good location; helpful desk staff	The only thing I didn't like about this hotel was the lobby, or more accurately, the lack of any lobby. The entrance area was crowded with suitcases of checked-out guests. There is no place to sit, and the narrow spaces quickly became difficult to navigate, as the ground floor is confusingly laid out. The elevators are far from the entrance and front desk. To exit toward Victoria Square, which is where you'd logically want to exit, you have to walk through the restaurant!Otherwise, the Delta is wonderfully located, an easy walk to the old city, conference center, Chinatown, shopping and the metro. My room was spacious, modern and comfortable. The $10 internet connection charge was unwelcome, and the connection became slow at times, but both are typical of business hotels.One big plus was the woman (Nancy) at check in. She helpfully supplied maps and gave very clear directions on how to find the various spots I needed to reach.	
Sep 4 2008 	Loved this Delta	Great rooms, helpful staff, perfect location. Can find nothing to complain about.	
Aug 30 2008 	Nice stay Aug 26-29	We booked this hotel Hotwire 'blind' for $109 per night and after reading the reviews on trip advisor I was terrified. I even tried to convince Hotwire to give us a credit for another trip because I HATE Bad hotels...but they would not.So we arrive at the Delta Center-ville...Ann Marie checked us in - she was very very professional and nice. We went to our room on the 26th floor (room 2602) and I was pleased to find a nice, clean room in good shape. The refurbished room was appealing and the bed was quite comfortable; the bath was clean too- a bit small but fine. The hotel location is fantastic - close to everything.We stayed a total of three nights Aug 26-29 and found the hotel staff to be excellent. Edwardo the concierge was great - setting us up at a nice Indian restaurant (Ghandi), and was very helpful throughout our stay. Habib, the barkeep, was very friendly and a pleasure. Everyone at the hotel- from the bell desk to housekeeping- was nice. The work-out room was good enough with ellipticals, treadmills, weights, etc. Although they do not have a 'spa', just some small massage rooms...I had a massage by a young woman (I forget her name) - and that massage was fantastic! Given our experience (plus the very reasonable Hotwire price) I would return to the Delta Centerville. The room was nice and the hotel location was very convenient to everything...but it was the staff, accommodating and friendly, that really won us over. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 28 2008 	Comfortable rooms pet friendly policies and staff	I have stayed at this Delta hotel many, many times in the past year because it is within walking distance to my business offices. I prefer to stay at major brands to collect points/status but this Delta is very close to work and the “WebSaver” prices (found on the hotel website) have been very reasonable; in the $130-$160 range (sometimes slightly less when using a CAA/AAA auto club discount). The rooms are clean and this hotel has a lot of competition nearby. The beds in the “Signature Club” rooms feel more comfortable but these rooms can cost more if you do not get an upgrade from Delta’s guest program. Another thing to note is that the Club Lounge is only available to guests that are staying in a Signature Club room – it doesn’t matter if you are Gold/Platinum Delta Privilege Members. So let me tell you about the pet policy at this hotel because I have had an above average positive experience with this. My wife and I have an 11 pound Maltese dog (small white dog) and this Delta (most Delta hotels) have been very welcoming. They even have a small welcome treat bag for your dog. The staff have all seemed receptive and greeted our dog with a smile. I say this because some places say that pets are welcome but the staff (at some hotels) treat you like you’re dragging a dirty mop through the lobby. Anyway, Delta’s pet policy here is very good. There may be a $30 pet fee but we haven’t had to pay this yet and there is no information on the hotel’s website. Some more pet info – you dog will want to go out and do his/her “business”. There is a nice grass area in the front of the hotel and if you walk east/behind the hotel, you will see Victoria Square which has a nice grass area with trees, benches and water fountains (in summer). Enough about the pets – a very cool thing about this hotel is the access to the Montreal Underground. Yes, you can walk past the hotel bar/restaurant and straight into the famous underground mall containing shops and access to multiple places downtown. Enjoy.	
Aug 25 2008 	This is a 2 star hotel- and I'm being generous!	First off, I cannot believe any of the flattering reviews this hotel has received. We arrived at the place and were immediately told that are car could not be parked in the hotel garage. Hellllo! So we had to unload everything and park at a nearby convention center. We booked two adjoining rooms for our family of four and got two rooms that were not adjoining and, in fact, not near each other. Our rooms were renovated but they neglected half the hallway which had ripped up linoleum that was not hidden from view. The rooms are very small and ours came complete with an old chewed up apple core under one of the beds! The giant picture window had some sort of disgusting white crud all over it that looked like the glue residue from stickers. There is no mini bar. The bathroom had fixtures from the year one. The sink had cracks. We ordered room service which was supposed to take 45 minutes and took an hour and a half. They got the order wrong and had to wait another half an hour. The food was inedible and smelled rotten. The exteriors of our lovely renovated rooms had dents and chip marks all over the doorframes as if someone went through the halls kicking at doors.	
Aug 23 2008 	Pleasant stay good location	I booked this hotel on Priceline for $75/night (USD) + taxes. I was a bit worried about the stay given some of the reviews here, but I was pleasantly surprised. Check-in was fantastic -- the clerk who served me was very polite and accommodating, and I was able to receive a non-smoking room with a king bed on a high floor without any problem. I was on the 15th floor and was told this was a renovated room, so that may be the difference with the other reviews. The location was very good -- a very short walk to Old Montreal and close to the Bonaventure and Square-Victoria Metro stops. The walk to Ste-Catherine street is a longer walk, but I'd been to Montreal many times before and didn't need to frequent there very often. There is a food court a few stories down in the underground city that the Delta is connected to. (The best connection I've had to the underground city, however, is at the Hyatt Regency Montreal, which I have booked also on Priceline for about $70/night). For those who are visiting Montreal for the first time, the transit system offers a 3 day pass for unlimited travel for $17CAD, which is a great deal. The building itself is a bit dated, but they've done well with trying to keep the interior up to date. The entry foyer/atrium is quite impressive still, and the hallways are bright with what seems to be new carpeting. The renovated room had more &quot;modern&quot; furniture and the bed was quite comfortable. My only issue was the bathroom plumbing and fixtures, which were still on the old side. The counters and shower, etc., however, were updated. This seems to be quite common in Montreal from the other hotels I've stayed in there. I didn't find the room terribly small as others have noted. Internet access is $9.95/day + tax. If I had one major complaint, it would be their luggage storage -- they don't seem to have a dedicated, locked room for storage, so the bags sit in a roped-off area of the lobby, which was left unattended quite a bit. Also, the bellman who took my luggage for storage actually asked for a tip -- I had never had that experience before. I was going to tip him anyway, but to be blatantly asked was a bit odd. Overall, I was quite pleased with my stay there and would stay again. For $75/night, certainly no complaints.	
Aug 10 2008 	Friendly service - despite the labour disputes!	My partner and I received a pretty good deal through Travel Zoo for a Club Signature Room. It was $149 per night and included access to their Club Lounge (continental breakfast and internet charges included).All in all, it was a good experience. When we arrived it turned out that there was a labour disruption and some of the services expected could not be provided. But since we arrived at 8 pm - we weren't missing out on anything. They told us that everything would be resolved that night by midnight and everything back to normal the next day. With the exception that the whole staff wearing some kind of solidarity t-shirt for the next two days - sure enough we never heard about a labour disruption again.Biggest complaint would be the room itself. It was functional and clean, but the room is definitely more than a little out-dated. And could really use a modern touch, in terms of furniture, paint, and bathroom. Could have been a nice Days Inn. But the bed and bedding were very nice and everything was exceptionally clean and the cleaning service the next day was very good. So no huge complaints.I booked that room primarily because I had to do some work during the weekend and internet was free with the room. This worked effortlessly. Though I just plugged in - and didn't try the Wifi.The continental breakfast was very good. Fresh fruit, pastries, ample coffee, juices, cereals, etc. Though on our second day it seemed completely unattended (labour dispute?) We just loaded up plates and brought them downstairs to our room.We didn't use the pool. It looked ridiculously small.My partner had a massage on our second day and ranked it among the best she's had. Very solid and at $70 for one hour - not a bad price. Estheticians do not work on the weekend apparently.The location is great if you want to visit old Montreal or walk a few blocks north to a main shopping district. We did both and were happy with the location. But it is located on the edge of the financial district and is not pretty or very cultural. Those looking to visit the Plateau or find themselves in the middle of a crazy nightlife scene might look elsewhere. This is not a funky hotel.Parking is kind of pricey at $22 per night - but in keeping with the location. And it's good to know it's nice and safe three miles under ground like that.So all in all - an 8/10. Do wish they'd spruce up the rooms though.Oh, and by the way - we worried about the labour dispute till we walked by the Hilton the next day and saw that their workers were still off the job, had a big truck BLARING rock music - and they were holding up visitors and blowing shrill whistles! Looks like we got off early.	
Aug 4 2008 	Fine but not fantastic	My family and I stayed at this hotel 4 nights while vacationing in Montreal. The location was amazing! We parked the car ($22/night) the whole time and walked or took the Metro everywhere. The Notre-Dame Basilica and Old Montreal is down the street a few blocks and we easily walked there everyday without complaint from my 8 year old. The Metro system was less than half a block away (you can also access it from the underground city directly beneath the hotel) and took us everywhere else we needed to go like the Olympic Stadium and Parc du Mont-Royal. When we first arrived there was a sign saying that there were contract disputes with hotel staff and some services (such as room servicing) would be reduced. I was a little worried about that. Check-in was a breeze and we were told the Tour de Ville revolving restaurant was closed and I was a little disappointed but I understand the situation. A bell hop did offer to help us but we didn't have our luggage at the time so we just found the room ourselves.We found the room to be ample size with two double beds. We had feather duvets although only one bed had a duvet cover - the other just had a sheet layed on top. But they were very comfortable. The TV was old and the unit it was in was old and falling apart when we opened it. The bathroom was clean albeit there was little room to place all the toiletries a woman needs.The restaurant downstairs was fine, but a little pricey. We only ate there once as none of us was that fussy about our food. The service was good. For the most part we had breakfasts downstairs in the underground city. You actually have to walk right through the middle of the restaurant to get to it but there is a Second Cup, a Couche-Tard convenience store, MacDonalds, Subway, Thai express and many other fastfood-type places. They all close by 5pm so don't plan on a quick, cheap dinner there.Our room was serviced regularly on the first 2 nights of our stay but the next 2 they did a hasty job. On our third night I had a sick kid so we ordered room service. We were told it would be 25 - 30 minutes but it was closer to 45-50 minutes. The food was no longer hot when it got to us but we were starving by that time. To top it all off no one came back to pick up the tray. We left it outside our room and when we left 2 days later it was still sitting there. Housekeeping just moved it to the side so they could get around it.I do understand that with the contract/service staff issues there would be problems but I was really disappointed by the concierge. Now Montreal has a great nightlife - if you are an adult. As a family there is very little to do at night. We talked to the concierge about anything to do at night. He suggested The Labyrinthe at Hangar 16 however we had just finished doing that (a lot of fun!), and also the planetarium. I asked about the fireworks festival they have on during the summer as I had researched it and found that there was a show on that night - when I asked the concierge about it he said I had the wrong night. Too bad. So we went back to the room and called the planetarium ($1.25 for local calls) and although they have evening shows for adults (not recommended for children under 12) its only on weekend nights. So we ended up sitting in the hotel room watching TV. A little after 9 that night what do I hear? Yep - the sound of fireworks going off. We missed them because of bad info from the concierge. That soured my whole experience.We played in the pool a few times. It was nice, a little busy at night so we swam in the morning when it was quieter. Did not use the fitness centre or the child centre (play room for little kids) so I cannot comment on them.	
Jul 31 2008 	Great to stay.	My fiance and I booked our hotel through Hotwire. This was the first time that we have used this service, and were very happy with what we got! Parking was a little expensive at $22/day, but it was very convenient.Check in was a breeze. They had originally given us a room with two double beds, but changed it to a King with no problem. The location of the hotel gave us the ability to walk to Old Montreal with no problem. We took a taxi a couple of times (due to rainy weather), but found that anywhere we wanted to go was fairly close anyway!We spent a couple of hours one after noon at the pool. It was a little small, and the water was (surprisingly) chilly, but it was very nice and also very clean. The best part is that there is a nice outside patio with tables and chairs, and lounge chairs. It was very nice being able to sit outside in the sunshine and relax after walking around the city all day!The hotel was very clean, and very comfortable, and I would certainly stay here again if I was going back to Montreal.	
Jul 28 2008 	Comfortable Hotel in Great Location	The hotel was in such a great location for us. Easy walking distance to Old Montreal, Chinatown and downtown shopping. We brought our tandem bicycle and the hotel staff was very helpful in storing it for us. And we were able to access bike trails just moments from the hotel. The room was clean and large and the bed was comfortable and the room rate through Hotwire was $85 a night, a great value for the hotel.  We didn't eat in the hotel. The concierge recommended the Pyreenes restaurant in Old Montreal and the food wasn't great at all.	
Jul 28 2008 	OK hotel for not a great price	Location is OK - we walked there from the VIA rail train station. Service is really great, very nice staff. The room is average - bordering on small. There is no bar fridge and the ice machine on our floor was broken. I didnt find the bathroom shower that nice - the tub was stained. There were only half rolls of toilet tissue - I had to call down to housekeeping for more. For 189.00 for 1 night, I didn't think it was a great value.	
Jul 24 2008 	Jazz Festival and Delta Hotel = GREAT TIME!	Stayed at the Delta Centre-Ville, over the Jazz Festival, and what a great decision!This was our 3 year coming to the festival, but first time at Delta. GREAT location, fantastic staff and a rate you can't beat ($109/night!). Located 2 blocks away from the festival, how can you go wrong?The rooms have all been upgraded, and the staff are personable and fun. Check in was a breeze, and included discount coupons for breakfast!I can not compliment this hotel enough. Keep it up, and I can't wait to return next year.	
Jul 18 2008	Good for business traveller close to attractions.	I stayed at this hotel for a business meeting.During our stay, the hotel staff were on strike, as well as other unionized employees at all other Montreal hotels.We ate at the hotel's restaurant, because we had our meeting booked, but other guests were not permitted because the staff were on strike. I found the food was not very good. I enjoyed one lunch out of 3. The soups were however very tasty.The room was nice and the bed was very comfortable, however, the bathroom was not cleaned very well. I am guessing that this was due to the employee strike.The hotel is about a 15 to 20min walk from many shops &amp; restaurants near or on St.Catherrine street.The Casino is about a 10min drive, while the Bell Centre where the Montreal Canadians play is about a 15 min walk.	
Jul 5 2008 	Pleasant Stay at the Delta	My husband and I stayed at the Delta for a quick getaway weekend last January. We travelled to Montreal by train to avoid any potential winter weather problems and chose the Delta as it is within walking distance of the Via train station.I had been in the Delta for meetings before and had been impressed by it but had never stayed there. I was not disappointed. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful. A porter promptly appeared and took care of our bags. The glass elevators that face to the street are quite impressive (and scary if you are afraid of heights!). Our room was medium sized but very comfortable, with a small sitting area. It featured luxurious amenities like brand name spa toiletries and a feather duvet. Everything in the room worked perfectly and the room was spotless. The bathroom was larger than most. And even though the hotel is right downtown, noise was not a problem at all.We didn't try either of the hotel's 2 restaurants (which include Montreal's only revolving one) as they were out of our price range but since Montreal is litterally full of places to eat, this wasn't a problem for us at all.I would recommend the Delta to anyone visiting Montreal, whether for business or pleasure.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great hotel location could be better!	My only complaint about this hotel was its location. Don't get me wrong, its near a Metro station (Square Victoria) and you can get everywhere you need by foot, however, for someone like me who likes to be in the middle of young, fun, vibrant, buzzy areas - it was far too 'business-like'. I think it is a great location for people in Montreal on business...but for someone like me who wants great restaurants, shops, cafes and bars on their hotel doorstep - it wasn't the best choice. The hotel is surrounded by office buildings and even has the Stock Exchange building behind it!Now onto the good stuff. The hotel is beautiful. The lobby is impressive, the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful (especially Nick the bell-hop and the concierge staff) the room was great, bathroom was clean and the bed was comfortable. I had my nails done and had a massage in the hotel salon (Terra on the 4th floor) and would definitely recommend it to anyone. I didn't try out the swimming pool but it looked very appealing.An interesting feature of the hotel was its glass panels in the lifts /elevators on the South facing side of the building. For someone like me who is afraid of roller coasters it was like a fairground ride! I felt a little ill every time I went in the lift and had to hold onto the side - but at the same time, it was quite a thrill!If staying at the Delta Centre-Ville, depending on what you're looking for I would suggest checking out the shops/malls on Rue Saint Catherine, taking in the sites of Vieux (Old) Montreal, going on a Gray Line bus tour and getting breakfast at Eggspectation on Rue Saint Jacques!	
May 25 2008	Delta Centre Ville - tiko pai rawa!	My colleague and I stayed at the Delta for a conference - we found the overall experience excellent. The bell hops and other staff were all really friendly and obliging.The concierge gave us heaps of guidance and advice on the best way to tour montreal. Probably the only thing that wasn't too great was that you can't get larger rooms. My colleague and I found we were getting on top of each other and requested a larger room only to find that we were in the largest room (not large at all!!!) Mind you we were there for 6 nights - probably not recommended as a long stay place.	
Apr 27 2008	Not a good experience.	Having completed arecent stay at the hotel, everything went fine until our departure day. Upon going to the valet for our truck we were told it could not be located. The valet still had the key but the truck was no longer in the hotel garage. The truck was stolen and the valet seemed to brush it off as if it was of no concern to him. Later that day we learned of another American who had his pick-up stolen out of the same garage a week prior.	
Apr 10 2008	Decent downtown business hotel	I booked this hotel for a business trip in Montreal. The Delta has always given quality service, and good facilities.The hotel is on the edge of the downtown core, so one may not get the most spectacular views. The rooms are also a little dated, but the beds and the plumbing are modern.The pool and restaurant are adequate. The restaurant offers a standard (pricey) continental breakfast.Being a downtown hotel means that one pays downtown parking rates. The hotel was undergoing parkade renovations at the time, so dragging luggage was problematic (the other option, valet parking, is pretty expensive).All that said, the Delta is a solid property in Montreal (around the corner from the W!), and I would book this property again.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great Location decent hotel.	My Fiancee and I, and another couple stayed at this hotel over Easter weekend 2008. The largest complaint is the Parking Lot. It is under construction, but no-one in the hotel will tell you this, and tell you to go underground, where a sign says &quot;Lot Full&quot; the only other option is to park in the Mall Public Parking, and walk up a flight of stairs, and two escalators and then a long walkway into the Hotel. The service was friendly, and every time we asked for more towels, or toothpaste or anything, they were very prompt. although it took an hour and a half for our luggage to get from the lobby up to our room. The revolving restauraunt had a beautiful view, but was extremely expensive. The best part about this hotel is that it is walking distance to everything in Montreal that interested us, and it is attached to the RESO, and we walked through there for hours.I would reccomend this hotel, as soon as their parking garage is fixed.We did get out of the parking lot without having to pay, but it took some social engineering.	
Mar 10 2008 	Very Nice Hotel But Prices Vary So Check All Available Rates	If your employer is searching for a place to hold a business meeting this is THE place to do it in Montreal! This property lacks nothing. Service is a straight-10 at every level from the front door through the guest check in service to the revolving restaurant on the top floor to the rooms themselves. Families will be able to save money on food by visiting the food court two floors below the lobby where you can buy from McDonalds, Chineese Emporium, and similar fast food outlets. Several retail shopping stores one floor below the lobby carry mid-priced clothing articles. The thing to be careful about is price. We paid $139 per night but I saw prices as high as $500. The only negative thing about this property is the requirement to pay $9.95 per day for Internet service.	
Mar 4 2008	Great location	Stayed at this property for an awards dinner, and I would definitely go back. The rooms were fine, the restaurant had good food (we only ate breakfast there, so I can only speak for breakfast), room service was fast, and the food was decent. The concierge was extremely helpful in providing directions, making reservations etc. and even gave us umbrellas when it rained unexpectedly. The ballroom and meeting space was also good, and the staff was very accommodating, and even though French was their native language, they always spoke English to each other when working with us (not just speaking English to us) so we never felt like they were saying things about us while standing right there not knowing what was going on.I would return to this property.	
Feb 18 2008 	Would Not Return	Location:The Delta Centre-Ville is difficult to get to, if you are driving there. It is in a good area, close enough to walk to Old Montreal and also walking distance to the shopping Montreal is so famous for.Check In:Pierre at the check in was rude, as were the valet parking attendants. Club Room:We stayed in a club room and all of the staff in the Club lounge was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast offered there was a small buffet of limited fruits, bread and coffee. In the evening their selection of appetizers was also very limited to a small plate of veggies and dip and an even smaller plate of sushi. There is also an honour bar--but at 7.25 for a small glass of Chardonnay I wouldn't recommend it. Instead, take some food back to your room and buy a bottle of nice Champagne or wine at the SAQ.The room was small and, although we were not on a smoking floor, it stunk of cigarettes as soon as we walked through the door. The night table was filthy. The bathroom was clean, but again smelled of smoke. There were up graded amenities in the bathrooms on Club room floors.Overall, the Club Room was not the typical larger room with upgraded amenities that I am used to. I would save my money and go with a regular room if I had to stay at this hotel.Exercise Room:A good selection of cardio equipment and limited strength training equipment—all filthy.Spa:Good pedicure and manicure, nice atmosphere. A variety of spa services and massage therapy offered here.Room Service:A variety of options. I had a vegetable stir fry that was bland and over priced. Not recommendedOverall:We were guests of the Delta Centre-Ville as a part of a conference so did not have the choice of what hotel to stay at. There are many other hotels of better quality in the area so I would not recommend this place. Although it was not the worst hotel in the world--or even in Montreal--it fell far below my expectations.	
Feb 10 2008 	Not recommended	Upon entering the parking garage, a sign &quot;Delta Hotel Parking Lot Full&quot; was in front of one doorway. So, I went through the other one which belonged to the shopping centre (which is closed on the weekends!). The garage is VERY low so beware. I had to trek my 3 yr old up two flights of stairs, two sets of escalators and walk through the hotel restaurant to get to check-in. The clerk was very friendly with my daughter and pleasant. The bell hop came over, took my key card and asked where my truck was .. I told him in the parking garage and he said &quot;oh&quot; and gave me my hotel key back. (I had assumed they weren't allowed to follow me down to help with his response). Off my daughter and I went to get our bags. Once again we made our trek back up two sets of stairs from the parking lot and as we began on the one escalator, my daughter was ahead of me and I had five bags in my hands. My daughter started up and fell head first down the escalator. Long story short, I got in touch with the manager - I was furious! He did 'compensate' by giving us a meal at the revolving restaurant upstairs but he did say he'd get back to us and never did. I also asked the manager if the bell hop was allowed to come down and he told me yes. So, I was even more frustrated as to why I didn't get any help - I asked both the hop and clerk if there was an easier way to get to it and was told no.The hotel room was small, there was a patch job done on the floor that was the consistency of concrete just slapped down and the bathroom taps in the sink looked as if they had mold inside them. There was a hole in the wall from the doorknob. My sheets had blood on them and I had to have them changed. The pool was nice but freezing, the gym small but they have TVs attached to the treadmills, location is about the only thing that was good for me. However, there is a Hilton right across the street and a Marriott even closer to the centre that I would try next time.Usually, I am not a picky person and we only paid $99 per night (I think anything more would be a rip), which is rare in centre city hotels - but the whole fall set a bad taste in my mouth.I did manage to get a massage and that was awesome...but the place is a separate company to the hotel - and the hotel charged me each time to call the massage company (next to the pool on floor 4) to book - but couldn't book it for me at the front desk?Lastly, parking from friday night at 6pm to sunday at 10am cost me $40 - which I thought was ridiculous.	
Feb 7 2008 	Would Stay Here Again!	The staff at the Delta Centre-Ville were quite friendly and pleasant. The room was nice and cozy. It is located at the centre of Montreal which makes walking to the St. Catherines to shop. The only complaint I have about the Delta Centre-Ville would be the parking garage. It is dark, gloomy and very narrow to navigate through. As well, parking spaces were limited. Overall, it was a good experience and I would return to the Delta.	
Dec 30 2007 	Nice Stay	The Delta in Quebec city was a very nice stay. They allow pets. Which is a plus considering we have two dogs. The hotel rooms were clean and comfortable. Beds were a little to short for my husband but he did not complain. Room service was great! The food though not so great. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I like the stay and would recomend this hotel. The price is very reasonable considering it is very close to all the attractions.	
Dec 30 2007	Comfortable	I'm not a big fan of 700 room concrete hotels built in the 1970s, but I snagged a good rate on Hotwire and it was only one night. Despite the cold, austere exterior I thought the hotel was better than expected. Interior lobby is warm enough, staff helpful and the room and bed were surprisingly comfortable. Bathroom could use a little updating but everything in the room worked and it was quite clean. Location is central and better for business travelers than tourists.	
Dec 29 2007 	not the best	The Delta appears to be upscale. For us (small family in 2 rooms) there were some drawbacks that will keep us from staying there again. We had one king room and one with 2 dbl beds. They were unable to give us rooms on the same floor (not a problem for us but could be for other families). The room with 2 dbl beds had some unused condoms in one of the drawers (not a nice surprise). The rooms were otherwise very clean. The biggest complaints were that the pool was out of order when we were there. We were not offered anything for that inconvenience. Throw in a free breakfast in your restaurant to make us feel better at least. Really the lack of a pool was a bummer to us! Also, there was no hot tub (I had assumed there would be -- my mistake) and the fitness center was not available either (because of the pool). Both pool and fitness center were open by the last day. The location is okay but you can do better. It is attached to the underground but you will walk for 15 minutes just to reach the building across the street. I would recommend walking a bit outside to get to place Bonaventure before going into the underground. Parking underground was easy but don't bring a large car, the ceiling is 6' and some cars would not make it, I'm sure. Montreal is a wonderful city and this is not the best place to stay. I would only do it for a really great price (under $100), otherwise, try the Queen Elisabeth or Marriot Chateau Champlain.	
Dec 4 2007 	Loved the Delta	Got a room here through Hotwire for a very good rate (about $70.00 night).Staff was very helpful and hotel was very nicely located. A 10 minute walk to the Bell Centre and many beautiful Churches. Only drawback was confusion about valet parking. Attendant said that valet parking was only available if arranged beforehand. This seemed quite odd considering how upscale of an establishment this is. In the end, they parked my car for me.Hotel can also be a little difficult to find by car, especially if it is dark outside.	
Nov 26 2007 	Very Comfortable	Booked a room at the Delta witha great rate through Hotwire. Location was good and hotel was easy to find. The bed was extremely comfy and cozy, room was stylish and spacious. Concierge was very helpful. We used the pool briefly (sort of cold) and ordered room service (excellent). Check out was a breeze on the TV, overall a great stay for a great rate. Nice hotel!	
Nov 25 2007 	All worked out in the end	I went with my cousin on business, she requested a suite with a pull out couch and a chair so we would have extra sleeping room and could hold a small meeting and that it not be close to the elevator. They stated that it would be no problem. Upon our arrival we went to the room, it was right beside the elevator, the suite had a large board room table in the other room and the whole area had a stale smell as well as there were stains on the bathroom floor. We went down and complained that A- it was not what was requested being beside the elevator and having a large table with chairs instead of a pull out couch. We were assured we would be placed in another room and to come back in awhile, we stated we would be back in 2 hours. We arrived 3 hours later to find nothing had been done and that a new manager was working and had no clue what we were talking about. At this point we are very frustrated but realize it is not the current managers fault, his name was Roger and offered us another room to make up for the inconvenience. The next room was exactly what we wanted and more, we requested that the pull out couch be set up this evening. we went on our merry way and upon returning at 9pm to see the pull out couch was still not set up, we called down and they said the housekeeps may be all gone but they will have someone come up, The man who came up was nice, and set the bed, after he left i sat on it and it folded up, it was like something from a comedy, we called down stairs again to ask if someone could come look at it. They did and realized, that infact the pull out couch isn't functional as a bed and brought in a cot. Despite our first day of frustration after that it was a wonderful few days, they also proceeded to mess up the billing as well. The only useful manager is Roger. I for the money i paid i don't know if i would go back.	
Nov 19 2007 	Stunning Design!	When I first walked into the hotel I noticed how well designed it is. The lobby is a dark wood 4 story area with the restaurant and board rooms on the side. The rooms are beautiful with very comfortable beds. The staff are great! If you don't speak French no worries. From the waitresses to the maids, all speak English. The meeting facilities are outstanding. A hude ballroom and many other small board rooms. Three stories of facilities are perfect for huge conferences.I would absolutely recommend the hotel for anyone looking in that price range.	
Sep 17 2007 	A nice posh hotel.	This hotel is very plush, and incredibly comfortable. The facilities were excellent: and I particularly enjoyed the swimming pool, which you can see from the elevator! Breakfast was very good, with lots to choose from, but incredibly popular, so be ready to queue for a seat. The hotel is in a good location for tourist attractions and access to the underground city.	
Sep 9 2007 	Great value for a full service hotel	You should have no worries booking and staying at this hotel; great location and excellent value for the money. It's full service, meaning pool and fitness club free, free internet terminal in the lobby (although there's only one and it's often occupied), room service, gift shop, great concierge and doormen, restaurants and full bar. Stayed here for 4N over Labor Day weekend; got a great rate at travelzoo.com of $95/night. Our room was a good size for a city hotel. We had 2 double beds which were very comfortable. There was also a good size writing desk and sitting area. The bathroom was marbled and a decent size, but the grout was stained which made it look dated. My only complaint on the room was the bathroom lighting; it consisted of 2 large, long light fixtures on each side of the mirror, you couldn't dim or unloosen a bulb. Other than that room was fine. I want to mention the great bartender we had. Her name was Mary-Claude and she was both professional and fun. She worked the bar in Antoine's restaurant. Her service level was outstanding. Avoid parking in the garage that the hotel provides for $20 CAD day; it's expensive and hard to maneuver around once inside. Instead, opt for one of the cheaper and plentiful outside parking lots that offer in and out priviledges from 10-12 CAD day. The location is excellent for walking; you can easily walk to Notre Dame but also check out lesser known, St. Patrick's Church, the morning light inside the church casted a warm, honey glow over the pews, very inspiring. Also, if you are Polish or like Polish food, you MUST, repeat MUST, visit Stash's Cafe in Old Montreal. Outstanding prices and food, and the atmosphere inside the restaurant is &quot;Polish-Modern&quot; with brick walls, heavy wood tables, funky artwork, and great night lighting.	
Sep 7 2007	Good value great look!	I would certainly recommand this hotel for anybody willing to travel in style without being outrageously overbilled. Except for some issues i'll point out later, this hotel is generally a very good place to stay.My first advice is to always consider spending a few dollars more to get a Signature room. Located on the upper floors (read: fantastic view), those rooms come with more refined furnishing and appliances, and a very worthy access to the 26th floor Signature Lounge (right under the revolving rooftop restaurant; wonderful). For a little less, Premier rooms (newly refurbished) would also be a wise choice.Otherwise, regular rooms (those called Delta rooms) are still pleasant and well equipped. For around 55 $ CAD / person + taxes and tip, their revolving rooftop restaurant is not that overpriced, since it features very sophisticated theme buffets, splendid view, great cozy atmosphere are smooth service. While middle-to-high class hotel restaurants are generally soulless and too costly, this one may be worth the visit. There are some downsides, however. First, as some other user pointed out, there are issues with their front desk staff. Though check-in was not troublesome in my case, I've experienced something disturbing. When I asked for a specific cab company to the stone-faced employee, he couldn't care less and turned me away rudely, as he just did with a guest who, before me, asked for some directions. I hope this was just a mishap. Also, their inside pool, while good-looking, is rather small and the pool area is stifling. Not hot tub.Finally, just as an anecdote, Delta is the 5th name this hotel bears since its opening in 1977. First opened as Régence Hyatt, then switched to Le Grand Hotel, Gouverneur, Radisson and finally Delta. Stay tuned for the next name change!	
Sep 1 2007	No complaints...	There seem to be plenty of warnings from other travellers about lower floor rooms but we stayed on floor 10 and had no complaints at all. The room was clean, well sized and in-keeping with what we have come to expect from North American hotels.Location is excellent, being convenient for Old Montreal and the Downtown area. You can also get from the hotel via the underground passageway system which is a distinct advantage if it decides to rain (although make sure you have a strong sense of direction if you choose this route). The buffet breakfast was well worth the money. Plenty of choice and very good quality.	
Aug 27 2007 	Nice Hotel Great Location	We just returned from a two night stay at the Delta Centreville and were very pleased.This is a typical large, full service hotel. The staff were very friendly and always helpful. Often, if it was apparent that you were trying to figure something out, they would approach you and offer assistance. Check in was very efficient. The rooms are clean, quiet and neat. The hotel is in an excellent location - easy walking distance to the old city as well as the western downtown area. We didn't use the pool but it looked small and well used by kids. Parking is expensive - $20 - but standard for that part of the city. The lot is a little difficult to access when driving in, but that wasn't a big deal. We were surprised that there was no mini-bar in the room. Also, ice is available only on every other floor. Beyond those little things, we enjoyed our stay, would definitely return, and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
Aug 23 2007 	Great value service and amenities	After reading some of the reviews here, I thought the Delta Centreville would be a disappointment, but I was wrong. I was greeted warmly by the front desk clerk. Then, to my surprise I was escorted up to my room by a friendly and helpful bellman, who told me about the facilities and restaurants in the hotel. He even showed me which button to push in the elevator to go down to the lobby. Now, this might seem trivial, but it demonstrated to me that even the littlest detail didn't get overlooked.I had a standard room with 2 queen beds. For it's class, the room was slightly smaller than most hotel rooms I've stayed in Montreal, but the bed was comfortable and the linens and pillows were great. I enjoy views, so having a floor-to-ceiling window was great.The swimming pool is small and often overrun by kids, so I didn't partake. They had a nice size fitness room with lots of equipment. I prefer the long walks around the city and under the city. The underground tunnel system is accessible, oddly enough, by walking through the lobby restaurant.I had dinner at the rotating rooftop restaurant called Tour de Ville. I was thoroughly impressed by the views, and totally satisfied by the quality of the food and service. It's pricey, but considering the food, the furnishings, and the views, I think it was fairly priced.On the down side...there's no hot tub in the pool area. I had to pay a daily fee for Internet (about $11). There was no valet parking, at least when I arrived. I had to drive around the block to look for the access ramp into the underground garage. Overall, these are not major issues.I got a good price through Hotwire. I would not hesitate to stay at Delta Centreville again.	
Aug 17 2007 	Great hotel  warm people	We were attending a convention the first week end of august . The staff at this hotel is perfect , nice , smiling , they have that five stars attitude . The warm and friendly hospitality of Montreal can be feel everywhere in this hotel. We had a brand new renovated room , bigger than other standard bedroom of other hotels . They have a very nice revolving roof top restaurant that is amazing . good food , great hospitality ....we will certainly go back.	
Aug 8 2007 	not too bad for the price	We planned our trip to Montréal on a tight budget so we had to use Hotwire to find accommodations; all other hotels in the area were almost $200. We were assigned the Delta Centre-ville for $92 (plus the huge Canadian taxes). After a 12 hour train ride into town, we were happy to see the hotel was only about 2 blocks from the train station. The lobby was typical for a convention hotel, nothing special. Our room was on the 20th floor and was a bit smaller than what we were expecting. It had a pretty good view out the large window, all the rooms here have some view of the city. We were disappointed to see that the room didn’t have the amenities a 4* hotel should have. No fridge or minibar, no safe, no wireless internet, ect. We had to rent a fridge for an extra fee, but it was well worth it and it was a big one.The hotel is in a location that is near the convention center and train station. It is about a 10 minute walk to where all the action is on St. Catherine’s street. The port, unknown to us until the last few days, is on the other side of the hotel, about 5-10 minutes away. The area is pretty dead at night, and it was a terrible task to find food in the area on the weekend. However, the metro is accessible by 2 stops near the hotel, one of which is found without even going outside. The concierge was helpful, but often times there were a long wait. There was also a computer with internet that guests could use in the lobby for 15 minutes free, again always a line to use it. The pool area was small, as most city hotel areas are. There was a good sized fitness center and a sauna but no whirlpool. The &quot;spa&quot;, as it is advertised on some sites, is really no more than a one room massage area for guests. I found the sundeck outside looking over the city to be relaxing in the afternoon.The hotel has two restaurants, a bar and bistro which serves a buffet breakfast and light lunch, and the revolving fine dining restaurant on the 28th floor. We ordered room service one night and although it was quickly delivered to our room, the food was lackluster and overpriced as expected. However, one of the highlights of our trip was eating at the restaurant at the top of the hotel. Saturday night they have a buffet that is quite expensive and quite good. The staff was excellent up there and we tried everything: deer, pork, salmon, lobster, shrimp, roast beef, and the list goes on. All and all, the Delta Centre-ville was a good value for the price we paid. We have been to better hotels, but this one served our needs fine. If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.outside looking over the city to be relaxing in the afternoon.	
Aug 6 2007 	Dirty Front Desk Staff Attitude Wretched	I am sorry to report that our stay at the Delta Centre-Ville was unacceptable. I might feel a little differently if we'd paid the hotwire-type prices (under $100), but we paid the room block rate of the convention we booked with ($199). As one of my colleagues in the room block said &quot;they don't know our group, they don't care about our group&quot; and that was for sure. Luxe hotels like W and Place des Armes were only slightly higher priced with significantly better facilities, services and amenities.The front desk staff general attitude was generally that customers are irritating distractions from other, more important issues - and if there is a problem, its likely the customer's fault. Specific examples:-Two days before our arrival, the hotel lost power in a storm, and with it their electronic registration system. For the records they couldn't reconstruct (like ours), the first option they presented was not to deal with us at all. I pretended I was certain they'd find me a bed, and when I didn't slink away, the front desk staffer finally gave up and went to find a manager to ok us checking in. None of the payment arrangements that were made ahead by our group survived the power outage, so many arrangements that we'd made were lost. We requested one type of room configuration and were given another so had to switch rooms. The entire check-in process from beginning to having an acceptable room took nearly one hour.-Amenities were delivered for our group - and ours arrived at 10:45 pm. We were already in bed! -Room service took 90 minutes and the waiter looked like it had been a very long, short-staffed night.-Ice machines are on every other floor, and those above and below us were down for the count, so I went to the bar . . . where the barista told me there were ice machines on even floors. She eventually got me some ice when I explained that they didn't work (the assumption that the customer is dumb . . . )-Upon checkout, the clerk told us he could not open our folio to put two names on the bill, essential for both of us filling out our expense reports. Although he said it was impossible, another attack of deafness on my part proved that he could indeed perform this feat with the assistance of someone who knew how to do it, so we got what we needed eventually.The room, although obviously recently renovated as evidenced by the high quality mattress and bedding and HD flat screen TV, was dirty and beat up. Every day we discovered OPH (other peoples' hair) in our bathroom, and the low thread-count towels were stamped &quot;Delta Centre Ville&quot; a la prison underpants to keep guests from stealing them.Turndown service was provided, and a free bottle of water . . . even though there were two guests in the room. Guess we have to do rock, paper scissors for it.Three plusses: the hotel is old, so the closet is old, which means that it is quite large with lots of rod space and floor space - perfect for two women traveling together who have lots of convention costume changes. The second plus was the bathroom lighting - the best makeup mirror lighting I have ever experienced. Third, the hotel is very conveniently located for Vieux Montreal and for the convention center - I could walk back and forth to convention activities, even in heels.On an eco-front: incandescent light bulbs throughout, burning away. How about some compact flourescents? No in-room recylcing.This hotel would be ok for under $100, but compared to the other properties and prices in our convention block, represented atrocious price per value and very surly treatment by front desk.	
Aug 6 2007 	Good if your booking at a discounted rate	We booked through Hotwire, so for the price, the hotel was very good. However, for a 4-star rated hotel (on Hotwire), I was expecting a little bit more.Our room was on the 14th floor and had a good view. The room was small though decorated nicely with modern fixtures and a neutral color scheme. The bathroom was very basic - nothing luxurious. I noticed some black mold growing in the corner of the tub. Yuck. We had no safe or minibar/fridge in our room, which was a disappointment. Internet access is available, but it is not free.The indoor pool is small and usually full of kids, which is fine if you have kids. It closes at 9:30, but later hours would've been great for adults only. There is no jacuzzi with the pool.Overall, the stay was fine and I don't have major complaints but it is not a hotel I would seek to stay at again because nothing really impressed me.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great price for what you get	Great price, well-located (a few blocks from the edge of Old Montreal), very easy to find. Booked via Hotwire a few days before our trip - about $90 US per night (friday and saturday night). Two weekends prior, we were at the Sheraton for the same price, also via Hotwire. We were concerned when the booking was Delta, given some of the reviews here. But our regular Delta room was MUCH larger than our 'club' level room at the Sheraton. The Delta is much closer to Old Montreal - in fact, it's just a couple of blocks from the edge of Old Montreal. We walked to Notre Dame in 10 minutes. The Delta is also easy access to the highway, being right on University Avenue. The concierge during the day was much better than the concierge late at night. The desk staff cheerful. There are only two levels of underground parking - not much relative to the size of the hotel. We did not have a problem parking (I had my exotic car for this trip and made a point of finding a good spot to park underground at a opportune time). But on a busy saturday night, since many people go to dine at the Delta (it has the only revolving restaurant in Montreal), I can see it getting full.We did not try the breakfast buffet nor the dinner buffet, although comments from people riding the elevator with us were positive. The pool and the workout rooms are just OK; note that you have to be 16 to workout.The reason I give it a 3 and not higher:- there was no fridge in our room, it had been removed!- the cabinet that housed the TV was really beat up, one door was hanging at an angle. - the carpet was a bit dated and had stains.- the bathrobe's collar was frayed and ugly (should have been thrown out).- the maid tried to come in, Sunday morning, before 9 AM to clean our room. It was nowhere near checkout time.Price paid notwithstanding, a 4-star hotel should not have issues such as those listed above.	
Jun 25 2007 	Loved this hotel and would definitely go back!	I booked this hotel through hotwire and was a little concerned after reading some reviews. I stayed at this hotel from June 22 - the 25th and it was amazing. We booked through hotwire, and got a room on the highest floor (28th), which was newly renovated. The bed was beautifully decorated, clean, and comfortable! The washroom was also clean and beautiful. Being a really picky person, I can honestly say this hotel was great! The only minor problem we had was that our ice machine did not work, which meant that we just had to go to another floor. The hotel was also in a perfect location and within walking distance to Old Montreal and downtown. Like other people have said, the concierge and receptionist were extremely friendly!Can't wait to go back!	
Jun 18 2007 	The real deal -- ignore many of the others -- L00k	Here's the deal folks, ignore the bashing and the whatever else.We booked Delta Centre-Ville through Hotwire, not knowing the hotel name in advance. I saw the hotel and thought, well, this looks pretty OK for $100 a night including taxes, but got concerned after reading some reviews. Oh, but my friend, read on.Yes, the hotel has apparently renovated upper-floor rooms. Of course, through Hotwire, we got a deal on lower floor rooms. I got concerned, would we have ancient furniture, other problems, etc. So I followed some advice and joined the hotel's preferred club, for free, yet saw I would not get a free upgrade just from that.Called the hotel to find we had two double beds with no single queens or kings left available. Had the phone receptionist make a note that we preferred a single large bed if available. I called phone reception, both for the hotel and for the preferred membership several times, and they were always exceptionally polite and accomodating, sweet, really. Yet they couldn't do much for us as far as the bed or the higher floor were concerned.Showed up at the hotel. Were invited to upgrade to a top floor room for $20 a night. What a steal. Got a corner room with a fantastic view, king size bed with pillowtop mattress, bathrobes and all the amenities. Total $240 for two nights, it benefited us to book on the weekend as this was a business hotel mostly booked for the week.Their Sunday brunch looked fantastic but we opted out as it was $35 per. Found a few local restaurants after a bit of searching that were wonderful. Check-in and -out were a breeze, as were cabs to and from the hotel, flat rate from the airport of $35. The concierge Sebastian was a dream come true when we asked to be directed to non-touristic restaurants. Again, the receptionist as well was a dream come true, all our questions answered, all our issued resolved with the preferred membership.I would stay at this hotel anytime. If you get one of the cheaper low floor rooms, I can't say what issues they may have. If you turn down a $20 upgrade to a pillowtop king mattress, I can't help you. If you can't find the place with the 20 plus different kinds of mussels or the little cafe with poutine and smoked meat, drop me a line. Go to Old Montreal but don't fall for the restos there. And maybe have the Sunday brunch buffet at the rooftop resto if you are feeling flush, it can't be bad. We prefer the local places.Best,	
Jun 18 2007 	you get what you pay for	This hotel is at convenient location near downtown, old town and china town. However, it was at the far end, I drove around and it was a shady neighborhood with at least I saw 5 homeless sleeping onr the streets. I booked through hotwire for $83. Great deal for a 4 star hotel. Including tax, it came out a little bit more than $100/ night . My first time trying hotwire. I do not think this is a 4 star hotel. My room was quite small. I had a small and really old Zenith tv. This room was about the same size and age of a MOTEL 6 room. My girlfriend got a small piece of glass stuck into her foot when she walked on the carpet. They probably did not vacumm the floor. The king bed was comfortable and clean. My window faced the Hilton, nothing spectacular. The bathroom was big but old. There was mildew on the bathtub,and the sink had a fine hair crack. The pressure of water in the sink was so strong as someone has mentioned that. Water splashed everywhere if you not turned the water slowly. The towels were clean. Also, no fridge! in a 4 star hotel? No wireless internet at my room. The staff at the check in was pretty nice. I did not try the food. The coffee maker was dirty. I The room was probably not sound proof because we were watching TV, not too loud but someone was banging on the wall. The pool was being renovated and they offered of using the pool of the next door Hilton for free.By the way, some other reviewers asked about the parking on the street. You can actually park near the hotel for free on sat after 6pm and sunday all day. I wish I had bought a French dictionary because the signs were all in French. So you need to know what days of the week. so the positive: covenient location, cheap pricenegative: old hotel, not very clean, parking fee, overated ( I give it 1 or 2 stars)	
Jun 5 2007 	Worked well for me	Was quite satisfied with the Delta Centre-Ville during my stay this week. Had a large, comfortable room on the 16th floor for $189 CA/night, with high-speed internet access (wired) included. Bed and beddings were excellent -- slept extremely well, and the bathroom was larger and better furnished than other hotels I've stayed in in Montreal at higher rates. Room decor is perhaps a little dated, and the nightstand was chipped in a few places, but while the carpeting, drapes, and fabrics on the furniture certainly weren't new, they were clean and in good condition. Public areas were definitely 80's-vintage design and decor, and the layout was a bit odd, but not bad overall. Room service menu was a bit limited, and the two meals I had were no better than average. A couple of my colleagues enjoyed their meal at the Tour de Ville revolving rooftop restaurant -- I was too bushed to join them. The next time I come to Montreal to work with my client in Square Victoria, the Delta Centre-Ville will probably be my first choice, for its location less than two blocks away and the excellent value in comparison with the other hotels I've used nearby (the Marriott Chateau Champlain and the Courtyard by Marriott on Sherbrooke).	
May 15 2007 	Wonderful hotel highly recommended !	Me and my husband, went for the weekend in Montreal and we had a wonderful experience at the Delta Centre-Ville. The location is perfect if you want to walk around in Old Montreal and Downtown. The room was super confortable and we had a stunning view of the city. We ate at the rotating restaurant and it was very good, the employee were so nice and the food fabulous. The view of the city was breathtaking, so romantic ! We will come back with the kids for sure. The pool, spa and fitness club were perfect as well. Overall, the best experience we had in Montreal so far !	
May 15 2007 	great location and good attentive service	Loved their newly renovated room with the white bed look ...one of the best sleep sisce a long time. Great food and service at the revolving rooftop restaurant with fantastic views of Montreal ..easy to see that it s a great location to walk to Old Montreal but also couple of blocks for shopping	
Apr 24 2007 	good hotel nice staff	I don't understand the bad reviews here. Rooms were relatively modern and very clean. Nothing I saw in the hotel was shabby or old. Beds were comfortable. Staff (except for a couple of waiters in the breakfast dining room--waitresses were all great) were generally very nice and helpful. Pool area was clean and nice. There's even a spa if you want a massage. All of this within walking distance of many of Montreal's attractions (old Montreal, rue St. Catherine (?), Chinatown) Would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 21 2007 	Average but who´s better at Montreal?	The hotel is a quite ugly seventies building from outside (thus blending well with its surroundings) and also the inside (hallway, floors) looks quite seasoned.I stayed in two different rooms, both were clean, good bed, nothing broken. However, especially the bathrooms are heading for their next remake (at least so we hope).Avoid staying in rooms facing the railway line/main road. The view is better than on the other side, but it´s considerably louder, all night.The ground floor restaurant is rather poor. Average food, endless waiting at breakfast for the &quot;wait to be seated&quot; lady (15 Minutes in a queue like in socialist Moscow) - not even two star standard on this one.The greatest plus are the staff: Extremely helpful and friendly, even with special/unusual requests. Check In/Check Out works swiftly.In total: value for money rather poor. Are there much better ones in Montreal?	
Mar 29 2007 	disappointing stay at a boring and dirty hotel	My 4 year old daughter and I accompanied my husband on a short business trip. We have stayed at Delta hotels in other cities, and have found them to be bland and outdated, but usually reliably clean and with good service. Our room at the Centre-Ville looked like it hadn't been cleaned thoroughly in a while, with mildew and mold all over the tile and (peeling) caulking in the bathroom, stains on the wallpaper, and bits of garbage in out of the way places (ie: chewed gum replaced in its wrapper under the desk). The bed had been made very lazily, with the lower sheet not covering the mattress at the top, and the blankets hanging out the bottom. The decor was standard matching-drapes-and-bedspread, but falling apart and threadbare. We did find the service adequate, and the lobby and common areas were clean and looked after. The pool and gym were great, with a large, clean, change room, lots of life vests for kids, and a lifeguard (who talked on the phone the entire time)The restaurant breakfast was pretty bad, the service was horrible, only 4 employees that we saw looking after a 200+ seat restaurant, and there was a long line to get in the entire time we were there, with tables sitting empty but covered in dirty dishes, etc. The food itself was a mix; there was a large selection of fruit, yoghurt and breads, but the &quot;hot&quot; food was luke-warm, and not very tasty. For over $18 p.p. it was a rip-off. We checked out after the first night and moved to the SpringHill Suites, a Marriot property in Old Montreal that was a HUGE improvement. To be fair, part of the reason for checking out was we needed a suite to put our daughter to be early, but we were also unhappy with the room and service at the Delta. We won't be staying there again.	
Feb 17 2007	Good hotel great price	I took my 9 year old son across the country to Montreal (my home town) to see two Montreal Canadiens games (go Habs!). We stayed three nights. The hotel was typical of a business hotel. The rooms were a little larger than average.The hotel is in a perfect location. A couple easy blocks (even in -18C weather) west to Bell Centre and about the same north to St. Catherine Street.The room rate was $129 ($151.41 with taxes). I had no problem with the bill and no problem with the service. The staff were always willing to speak English whenever my very rusty French wasn't cutting it. Room service was excellent -- the food was delivered quickly, it was excellent, they didn't skimp on quantity, and it wasn't insanely expensive like you sometimes expect.My two complaints are minor. I was charged $1.25 each time I dialed the toll-free number to make long distance calls with my calling card. I would have been better off phoning home with my cell phone and paying airtime and long distance rates. My son enjoyed to pool, but they have no hot-tub/whirlpool.I would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 31 2007	Great Hotel  Friendly staff would recommend	I stayed at the Delta Centre-ville for a 3 day business meeting. Really loved the hotel ! Staff is very friendly . Room was great and the bed was very comfortable ... also had dinner one evening at their revolving restaurant on top of the hotel... highly recommend , great way to see the city ... beautiful views.. This is also a great location , located close to both old Montreal &amp; downtown shopping area... looking forward to go back..Janet	
Jan 26 2007 	Big and cold	Was very dissapointed with my stay, the location to go shopping was terrible when I was told that they were close. No very pratical when it's cold in Montreal.No warm feeling when you arrive, the bell men were not smilling at all. Check in was fine but my room was very small for what I paid for.Bar was quiet no ambiance but drink was good.Next time I am in Montreal, I will try the other Delta-better comments for what I can see.	
Jan 6 2007 	Comfortable and well located	Room was quite nice and was spacious and clean when we moved in. However, on our second day the cleaner arrived at 5:30pm to clean our room! We had been out of the room between 9am and didn't return until 5pm that day so they had plenty of time to clean it. We were only there two nights so I can't say whether this is normal cleaning routine. I wonder why she was so late cleaning it? Don't they employ enough cleaners to go through the number of rooms they have? Did someone quit without notice? Was it an oversight?Otherwise, I was quite happy with the experience and would return to the Delta Centreville: the hotel is well located; everything was comforable and in good condition; the rooms didn't smell of smoke, smut or (grrr) horrible air fresheners; we couldn't hear neighbours; and the staff were pleasant, helpful (except for cleaning) and informative. Like many hotels in North America, there was no refridgerator in our room.	
Jul 4 2006	Wonderful Place for Families with Children	We had a wonderful experience at the Delta Centre-Ville on a family trip including me &amp; my husband, our one-year-old son, and an elderly aunt. We arrived after an abysmal experience at University Bed &amp; Breakfast and were lucky to get a pair of rooms at the Delta on a busy Labor Day weekend. Based on the reviews here, I did not expect much from the Delta. I was very pleasantly surprised.Our rooms were extremely clean, comfortable, and restful, with amazing views. The restaurant was accomodating about providing milk or kid-food (chicken nuggets, French fries, etc) at any time of day or night, even when they were closed. The hotel provided a small refrigerator for our room to keep food &amp; milk for our toddler and our aunt's medicine. The buffet breakfast was perfect with a small child and the waitstaff very patient and helpful. All of the hotel staff from the front desk to the concierge were lovely and accommodating for any request small or large. We enjoyed the pool and the children's playroom, which allowed one parent to sleep in while the other romped about with our son. It was easy to walk to many destinations from the hotel, especially Old Montreal. I can't say enough wonderful things about the Delta -- we all relaxed and had a great time because of their stellar hospitality.For a great trip to Montreal with a small child, all you need is the Delta Centre-Ville and a sturdy stroller. With a rental car to get you to the Biosphere and other more remote locations, you'll be totally set for a good time!	
Jun 28 2006 	A terrible experience	I stayed there with some colleagues while attending the NAFSA Conference at the Palais d'Congress. I found the hotel mediocre and overpriced. For the most part, I also found the staff not very customer service oriented, they are polite but it is just a fake smile with no action behind it. They would listen but there would be no follow up. I have 3 direct experiences which helped me form such a negative opinion of this hotel:I was locked out of my room while returning a tray late one night. A neighboring guest called the reception for someone to open my door. After waiting for over 15 minutes I was forced to go down to the loby in my pijamas! As you can imagine, it was an extremely humliating experience. There is absolutely no excuse (and none was offered) for this tardiness, someone should have come immediately. The next day I met a nice hotel employee on the elevator who asked the typical question: How is your stay. When I told him about my experience the night before, he was very sympathetic and had a bottle of wine sent to my room. If only the other staff would follow suit.The most serious mistake the hotel made was to completely mess up the billing of my hotel room. It had been originally booked by my company and was supposed to be paid for by them as well. Instead, the Delta Center Ville charged my personal credit card without consulting or letting me know this is what they would do. (they had previously asked for my credit card for room service charges, as they put it.) . It cost me a great deal of effort to remedy this before I departed (it was the weekend and there was no one around to do anything). In the end, they agreed to credit my pesonal card and bill the business card...more on this laterThe icing on the cake on that last day was the following expience: This time it was the Consierge: He wanted for our group (5 persons) to take two taxis to the airport and was willing to let a mini-van taxi , which was already there, go. In the end, when we insited on the mini-van taxi, we heard the conserge tell him to make sure to charge us more! I have never in my life experienced anything like this in my travels.  I am now back home and have for the most part forgotten this unfortunate experence but when I received my visa bill this month I was quickly reminded again. The Delta Center Ville had charged me twice for my stay (both on my personal visa) then proceeded to refund me twice but for less than they had charged. I have written and called them but have received no answer. Neither did the Executive Director of our comany, who had the same thing happen to him. I don't understand how this hotel can be recommended as a convention hotel by the Montreal authorities! I would never set foot in it again.	
May 26 2006 	Fine hotel	Perfectly fine business/conference hotel in the centre of downtown Montreal near the old city and newer business districts. Stayed here a couple of times on business/conference.	
May 15 2006	Not bad at all:Delta Centre	Stayed at the Delta Centre Villa first week in May. Not a bad stay at all. Room was clean, bed fresh, and bathroom was good size. The breakfast buffet was what you would expect. The hotel bartenders are borderline rude....they don't smile, take your order and then proceed to fill a waitress order. Taxes on everything in the city make it very expensive. The hotel needs more seating in the lobby. The staff, other than the bartenders, where attentive and nice. I would return.	
Apr 22 2006	Better for Business travelers	stayed at Delta 4/19 - 4/22 in a premier room- This hotel is geared toward the business sector. Rooms are average but clean. Convenient from highway. walk to old Montreal can be a hike for smaller children. Families can do better elsewhere	
Apr 2 2006	A Great Hotel!	My 3 sons and I went to Montreal for spring break. The hotel is in an excellent location. We walked everywhere except the Olympic Village. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and the rooms were clean and comfortable. We had an awesome view of the city from the 28th floor! One one the BEST hotels I've experienced. (the breakfast buffet was top notch too!)	
Mar 29 2006	Very Bad Experience	My hockey team went up to Montreal for a hockey tournament. The hotel staff directed us to the parking lot across the street if you are looking out the front doors it is to the left. The first night one of our teams trucks was stolen with all of the players equipment in it. It is my opinion that the staff was aware of the routine car theft activity that we later found out is very common in that lot. If I had to draw an opinion I would say the staff probably tips off the thieves when nice cars come in and then take their cut. The bell men are agressive and grab your stuff quick to make a buck. The security staff was not at all helpful. The rooms are mediocre at best. The city is extremely dirty. The police took over a half our to respond when we caught some thieves in one of our cars after we posted our own security watch.I wouldn't return to this hotel or Montreal ever again. In all our group had 2 cars stolen and atleast one other team had one stolen too. By the way I went to Montreal 3 times prior to this dating back 27 years. It was a beautiful city then but now it's a dirty [--].	
Feb 14 2006 	Pleasant	We stayed for roughly two weeks and enjoyed ourselves. One of my traveling partners had a bit of an incident when checking in as the room that was reserved for her was taken. The bell person opened the door on a couple sleeping! The hotel took care of her and the problem right away. They really went above and beyond. I would say it's great for a group or those attending meetings. They seem to cater to business travelers.	
Feb 7 2006 	Wonderful Wonderful	This hotel is great! Although some 30 stories tall, you wait nary a minute for an elevator.The hotel reataurant serves a wonderful lunch buffet, something for everyone.The rooms are spotless and comfortably appointed.The staff is friendly and will bend backwards to fill any request you may have.I stay at this hotel 4-5 times a year and it just gets better with each stay!	
Jan 29 2006	Ok but some problems....	Although I have been to Montreal before, I have never stayed in this hotel before so the family decided to give it a try. There were 7 of us. When we arrived we were greeted by a porter. Lovely we thought and very posh. We got our keys from the reception staff (who were rather rude) and went to find our rooms.  The porter told us that he would bring our bags up. After he had brought them up he literally demanded a tip. We hadnt any change, just large notes so we explained this, but he started muttering under his breath.Also the pool was rather cold although the sauna and balcony was nice.I got stuck in the lift, and as I am only 13 and only study french a little at school I don't know how to say that I am stuck in the lift!!! I pressed the call button and was put onto a french speaker. I TRIED explaining that I cannot speak very good french, and it was about 4 minutes (which felt MUCH longer) before they worked out that I was stuck! My sister was waiting at the top and was getting quite scared. Didn't have any meals there.	
Nov 13 2005	Good but not Great	I've stayed in this hotel a few times, even back when it was a Radisson. It opened in the mid 70s as a Grand Hyatt. On the whole, its not bad. The design on the outside is pretty striking, not often you see a hotel where there might have actually been an architect. The lobby is nice too, in a 3 storey atrium, with the pool on top. Now to the rooms.... unfortunately with that interesting exterior, comes a strange interior. All of the rooms in the hotel are on odd angles. I stayed in one that was almost V shaped if you can imagine. This makes the rooms seem SMALL. You just know that if the building were a straight square, the rooms would be bigger. The decor is not bad, could be more modern (think mid 90s beige and green). However, that being said, its in a great location, attached to the Victoria Square metro and near Old Montreal. I would stay here again, they usually have good rates. Parking is pricey, $18/night. If you stay on a weekend, you can park from Fri 9pm - Mon 6am for free on the street.	
Sep 17 2005 	A good business hotel	I stayed at the Delta Centre Ville for 10 days while organising a big conference in the Palais des Congres nearby. The huge hotel offers everything that you expect from this type - restaurant, pool, gym, business centre etc. Of course nothing of the latest contemporary design...it pays off to be member of the Delta Preferred Guest scheme (free of charge) since you get an upgrade to the rooms on the upper floors and get access to a nice lounge on the 18th floor. Staff was friendly and professional, nothing to complain about but also nothing to be hugely excited about. A good business and group hotel lacking some local charm.	
Sep 13 2005 	Fabulous experience	I wanted to pass along my comments regarding my recent stay at your hotel. I found my experience to be first class. I loved the renovations that you have made to the guestrooms. I was with a small group and was so impressed with the little touches that the hotel provided for us. The treats that we had waiting for us when we returned to our rooms really made a wonderful impression. I also love the new amenities that you have in the guestrooms. I have stayed at Delta Hotels in the past and really noticed the difference in the quality of your new products. And...most importantly I found the service to be terrific. From my experience checking in to the fabulous buffet dinner we had in your revolving restaurant overlooking the city......there was always someone there to help with a genuine smile on their faces. I look forward to visiting Montreal again and to staying with you to enjoy your hospitality.	
Sep 8 2005	A great weekend getaway!	My husband and I stayed at the Delta Centre-Ville on the Labour Day weekend and enjoyed ourselves a lot.When we arrived, there was a LARGE tour bus ahead of us, but we only waited about 6 minutes. They were very speedy. We found out that our room wasn't quite ready yet (I think we were early to check in though) but the manager who was serving us gave us a lovely room on the 27th floor with a great view !We found the rooms to be small, but comfortable. The room we were in (king room) had been renovated (new carpet, bedding) but the bathroom seemed a bit old. We also had a chuckle over the TV (very small, old and low quality) but we weren't there to watch TV so it didn't matter much. The hotel was close to St. Catherine (good shopping) and Old Montreal (pretty to walk around in). What impressed me most about the hotel was the concierge. He was SO helpful. We went to ask about restaurants in Old Montreal and within 2 mins he'd made us reservations at his favourite place and gave us a map with walking directions. He was doing the same thing for the people ahead of us and behind us too. Very helpful!We had the Sunday brunch at the revolving restaurant and it was good. They have a 10:30 sitting and a 1:30 sitting. We went to the earlier one, and although there were lots of families and kids and larger parties, my husband and I still had a nice quiet meal together. The food was pretty good, but I dont' think we would have gone there (at $35 each) unless we had received the $25 voucher as part of our package!One note about the package - they didn't advertise it, but when my husband called he asked about deals. We got the &quot;fun package&quot; or &quot;family package&quot; - basically parking ($17) and $25 food voucher included. We paid about $209 a night I believe.Overall, a good experience. Not sure if I would stay again though only because there are SOOO many boutique hotels and B&amp;Bs in Montreal that it's fun to try out other things.	
Aug 28 2005	Not Very Good The Delta Center	I must say my whole experence at the Delta Center in Montreal was not a good one. The staff there needs a crash course in Customer Service, I know that the Customer is not always right but atleast try to make the customer feel that they appreciate there businessGreg Lassiter	
Jun 9 2005	Not All It's Cracked Up to Be!	The hotel is beautiful, and its location to old town and the new town is just great. The hotel carries a very demanding appeal, but the services and its employees have much to improve on!The signature lounge upstairs on the top floor, which is reserved for Delta Privilege guests, is way too over rated! The food service in the lounge I found to be lacking, and the service personnel were very rude. Not attentive, caring, or very friendly at all!The Concierge was rude as well. It was like no one had any desire to cater to the paying guests! I found it even more deplorable that they valet parked our car upon arrival, charged me $18.00 per day to park in the garage, but would not get my car upon check-out! I had to go, scramble through the garage, not knowing where the valet had parked the car, and had to retrieve it on my own! As I stated at the beginning of my comments, this a beautiful hotel, but the service has a lot to be desired!	
May 5 2005 	Terrible	We had many problems with this hotel. I even checked out one night early. Except the font desk staff, The service was poor, particularily in the parking was not convenient at all. Restaurant staff and room service are the worst that I saw in the world This hotel deserves 2 stars, not 4.	
May 4 2005	Loved It!	My Fiance and I stayed at the Delta Centre Ville for six nights in March - and would definately recommend it! The staff were always polite and friendly - using both English and French when greeting you. The food was lovely - although a little expensive - we tended to go into the underground tunnels for our breakfast - which connect to the hotel. The rooms were clean and spacious-with a newspaper delivered everyday. The swimming pool was clean and well managed - if a little cold at times. The revolving restuarant allowed a great view of the city-at a price-but worth it. It's a great location - within walking distance to both the shops (which you can do entirely underground) and the harbour. All in all a great stay.	
May 1 2005	Excellent location friendly staff	I stayed at this hotel with a friend last month and we both LOVED the hotel. Granted to lobby. exterior is nicer than the rooms (which werent bad by any means). Very insulated and quiet in the rooms. The pool was beautiful. There is free internet/computer access in the lobby (for under 15 minutes). Location was FANTASTIC. 10 minute walk to old montreal, 10 minute walk to downtown. Concierge staff was the best I have ever had. They were extraordinarily helpful (providing,maps, directions, tips, etc). This hotel made are first visit to montreal even better. I would suggest eating in old montreal, or the Mcgill cafe (less than a block fromt he hotel). I will definitely stay here again and recommend it to others.	
Jan 17 2005	Terrible hotel	This hotel is desperate need of a face lift. The reception is OK, but the rooms are old and tatty. The 'executive' area means you get to pay high prices for self-service drinks and a few nibbles, whilst the internet access is via a single shared terminal.The bar staff are rude and really couldn't care less about the customers, even when you leave a decent sized tip (which I always do in hope of getting faster service next time!).I've had to stay here 3 times due to corporate policy but would now rather book a place 1 mile away and walk to my meetings!	
Jan 1 2005	Tour de ville; disappointing!	We were two couples who decided to spend New Year's Eve at the Tour de ville restaurant located in the delta. We were told over the phone that there would be a buffet and dancing. Well, there was a buffet but it was quite disappointing. Usually a buffet contains many different choices, satisfying everyone, but not this buffet, it was mostly seafood. Not everyone is a seafood lover... When people call for information about the buffet this important aspect should be mentioned. Also, the service was disapointing, the restaurant is non smoking, which they did not mention over the telephone, so smokers have to go 29 floors down and outside to have a cigarette.There was no holiday ambiance, the music was not great and at midnight they brought in the New year with a Christmas song...Overall, we were quite disappointed! We would not recommend it and we won't be celebrating there again.	
Oct 30 2004	not bad.....	Stayed October 23 - 28. I'd rate the hotel &quot;OK&quot;. I have no complaints but nothing special about it either. People were nice and helpful. I was attending a conference at the convention center a couple of blocks up the street. I would have probably chosen the &quot;Intercontinental&quot; hotel in retrospect which is directly across the street from the convention center. Only problem with the hotel was the blow-dryer in the bathroom is pretty weak.	
Oct 26 2004	Terrific!	A little pricey at $239/night however executive class has its benefits including a panaramic view of the city and harbour, both for breakfast and evening hors d'oeuvres (incl. in the price). Rooms were nice, concierge very helpful in arranging tours and sharing walking/restaurant information. Located next to Old Montreal and just blocks from Ste. Catherines. Strongly suggest taking a tour bus as there is much more to see than these two attractions. Pool and balcony area were enticing but didn't take the opportunity to visit. The glass elevator provided a view and enjoyable ride. Be sure to ask for the corporate or gov't discount if you are able.	
Oct 16 2004	BAD!!!	We had many problems with this hotel. While it is a beautiful hotel, the beds were extremely uncomfortable, and the service was poor, particularily in the Tour De Ville restaurant. This hotel deserves 3 stars, not 4.	
Sep 29 2004	Canada holiday	Well located hotel, excellent for the station, easy to get to the St Catherine Street shopping area (not impressed) and the old town (very impressed). Bedroom large and excellently provided, lifts so speedy you are at the top before you realise, all the while watching the city disappear below you through the glass window. Didn't find the lounge until our 3rd night, tucked away round from the restaurant. Facilities in the hotel excellent. Our only reservation, it is mostly geared to business and convention people. Otherwise very good, would stay there again.	
Sep 7 2004	Great location and mostly no complaints from the peanut gallery	I came to Montreal for Labor Day weekend with my boyfriend (the long weekend also happened to fall over our 2-year anniversary -- a nice plus!) and had originally tried to book a hotel in Vieux-Montreal. When that fell through, three days before coming, we discovered that there were vacancies at the Delta Centre-Ville. I was disappointed that we weren't going to be able to stay in a hotel that had &quot;charm&quot; like all the hotels in Vieux-Montreal seemed to, but when we arrived, I was pleasantly surprised. I decided that the ameneties of a large hotel made up for any lack of charm. We parked the car in the lot here for $18 CAD/day (I wonder if it would have been possible to park for free on the street) and first checked into a perfectly adequate room with a king-sized bed on the 27th floor for $125CAD/night, breakfast not inlcuded (AAA rate). The only downsides to the room were that there was neither a refrigerator nor high-speed internet access. The lack of internet was enough of a problem for us, being the internet junkies that we are, that on the 3rd night of our 4-night stay, we upgraded our room to a pretty much mirror-image of the first room, but with the all-important high-speed internet access for $181CAD/night (breakfast still not included). Steep, but we were willing to dish it out. I was very pleased with the location of the hotel. Vieux-Montreal was in easy walking distance, as was Rue St. Catherine and the rest of that shopping district. While I wasn't all that impressed with the shopping district, I really liked Vieux-Montreal, as it was the most remeniscent of Europe, a characteristic of Montreal that I was definitely looking forward to. We only took advantage of the hotel's very close proximity to the subway (Square Victoria) one day, when we explored Plateau Mont-Royal and Mont-Royal itself. The architecture of Plateau Mont-Royal was ho-hum, but the atmosphere and the shops and restaurants were great. We arrived at the foot of Mont-Royal around 8 at night and got some great night-shots of the city from the Chateau, and then proceeded to get very lost in the very dark woods on the way down. However, after a huge, crazy detour, we emerged mostly unscathed and are now back in the hotel for our last night. Overall, the hotel was absolutely fine. No complaints, aside from the lack of refrigerator/mini bar in the room. I found that the staff were very friendly, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was bathroom-y, and the location was most likely the best part of all. I wasn't 100% blown away by the hotel (but I did love the one elevator that had a glass wall overlooking the city), but neither was I sorely disappointed. I would stay here again, sure.	
Sep 2 2004	Wonderful Place near train station	Came in by train and was looking for a place near the station, and this turned out to be a wonderful hotel within easy walking distance. Beautiful interior and one of the best meals of my vacation was at their restaurant. Room was very comfortable.	
Aug 28 2004	Panorama lounge made the stay worthwhile.	Spent 2 nights at the DCV. Room was very comfortable and nicely decorated with pleasant touches like a small cactus, CD player, etc., but was VERY small! Thankfully, it was a signature club room which allowed us access to the signature lounge - - otherwise, room might have been claustrophobic. The lounge was fabulous. It had a tv, computer, hot coffee, etc., complimentary expanded continental breakfast and small evening buffet. Of course the best part was the view of the city. You can basically see all of downtown to Mont Royal and down to the old city and port. If you stay at this hotel, I would recommend looking for a package that allows you access to this lounge. The package I got was less expensive for the signature club room than just reserving a regular room.	
Aug 15 2004	only tried the revolving restaurant		
Aug 2 2004	A nice place for families		
Jul 13 2004	Right in between St. Catherines and Vieux-Montreal		
Jul 5 2004	Centre ville but off target		
Jun 15 2004	Can't go wrong with this hotel.		
May 22 2004	Loved Centre		
Apr 28 2004	Very Nice but not out of this world		
Nov 17 2003	Wonderful Weekend		
Oct 18 2003	Great hotel for first time visitors		
Jan 22 2002	One of the most exciting place to stay in Montreal		
Oct 7 2009 	guindé		
Aug 20 2009 	On s'attendait à mieux!		
Aug 20 2009 	Très bel hôtel		
Jun 28 2009	Buen hotel muy centrico		
Aug 29 2008 	Très bel hotel en plein centre ville		
Aug 6 2008 	non lo consiglio		
Oct 24 2007 	Bon hôtel de passage		
Feb 27 2007 	Vue magnifique sur la ville		
