	A refuge from the awful weather	We stayed at this hotel for the same reasons a lot of other travellers do - it was conveniently located above the train station. The hotle was very moderately priced, and seemed even more of a bargain after what we paid for in New York.Our room had recently been refurbished and was lovely. The bed was spectacularly comfortable and we had the best sleep of the whole trip. Unlike others, I thought the room was definitely large enough. The view was nice. We had room service which was ok, and drinks in the lounge downstairs that were good quality, reasonably priced and accompanied by great service and snacks. It surprises me that there was no free wifi, but that it had to be paid for, whereas the 2* hotel in New York was able to provide it.The location was ok, and we were able to find some good restaurants and used the metro system with ease. I would definitely recommend.	
Nov 9 2009 	Hotel with Character	My wife and I were in Montreal for 2 nights visiting family. We have stayed at other hotels in the past, but were intrigued by the character of the Queen Elizabeth, so tried it. The hotel is very large, and is located on top of the main train station. (You wouldn't know it, but we met a family member arriving by train.) It seems like one of those older 'destination' hotels where everything happens. We spent most of one day shopping when it poured rain, and there is a huge network of retail shopping accessible underground from the hotel. When we ventured out after the rain, we seemed to be close to everything and had dinner with family only a few blocks from the property. Service was good (not outstanding, but good), and the room was good. Overall, a good experience.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great Hotel	Beautiful hotel with great service. The room was a bit small but very comfortable. Great location especially if your walking.	
Oct 31 2009 	Fairly good hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth from October 24 - 28, 2009 in a Fairmont Room. King bed, small room, smaller bathroom. The bathrooms are too small to accommodate all of the toiletries that are necessary. We were on the ninth floor and had a fantastic view of the dome of the cathedral across the street. The location of the hotel is very central for walking to Rue St. Catherine for shopping and to Old Montreal for touring. We had dinner at Europea and I would highly recommend the restaurant. We tried to get into the Beaver Club Restaurant at the hotel, but it was booked solid. Rue St. Paul is the main street for shops, galleries and restaurants in Old Montreal. The city is very walkable and cabs are plentiful if needed.	
Oct 24 2009 	Very Comfortable Hotel in A Great Location	I took the train up to Montreal from Albany, New York during foliage season. I booked The Queen Elizabeth because it is located right above the train station and because there are lots of good restaurants nearby on Peel Street. I was not disappointed. My room was clean and comfortable, if a little bit on the small side. It is a very busy hotel with a lot of business traffic. My biggest complaint was checking in a little after 7:00 in the event-- if I hadn't been a member of the Fairmont Presidents' Club I probably would have had to wait about a half an hour, as it was I had to wait five or six minutes. (Hint: It costs nothing to join the Presidents Club.) The hotel is not inexpensive but I was able to get an acceptable rate by paying in advance from an online service. Even though I don't like paying in advance in general, I was able to save over 25% versus Fairmont's own pay in advance rate, so I counted myself lucky.	
Oct 23 2009 	Very poor customer service	Even though our room was pre-booked a month in advance, &quot;Fairmont&quot; felt it was acceptable to give our room away because they said they had a party of people come unexpectedly. This, in my opinon was very unprofessional.	
Oct 19 2009 	An ordinary 4 star hotel in downtown Montreal	As part of a long weekend trip to Canada (stops in Montreal &amp; Quebec City), my wife and I stayed at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth hotel for two nights in early October, 2009. In general, we tend to stay in traditionally decorated 4 &amp; 5 star hotels with reputations for quality and convenience (i.e., traditionally decorated &amp; clean hotels that have a bar, a restaurant, and are located within walking distance to local attractions &amp; the historic city centers). Except for the modern décor, the Queen Elizabeth fit all of our typical needs and requirements (i.e., it was a clean 4 star hotel with a bar, restaurant, located within the city center, and within walking distance to the local attractions/historic city center). Our overall impression of the hotel, though, was that the Queen Elizabeth was non-descript and average. For us, the hotel did not have the character and charm that normally distinguishes a Fairmont property from any average 4 or 5 star hotel in North American (for example, if we didn’t know that we were in the Queen Elizabeth in Montreal we would have thought that we were in any Hyatt, Marriott, or Sheraton high rise hotel). While we enjoyed our stay at the Queen Elizabeth (the room was quiet and the king size bed was very comfortable), our recommendation would be to research other hotel options in Montreal before choosing the Queen Elizabeth. Prior to booking our room at the Queen Elizabeth, we did all of our typical research by reading reviews on TripAdvisor, gathering hotel details from the hotel website, searching the internet for information regarding the hotel, etc. Based upon the results of our research (i.e., mixed reviews of the Queen Elizabeth), we had some concerns about staying in this hotel. After researching rates and comparing our options, we decided to reserve a room at the Queen Elizabeth in one of their ‘Gold’ rooms (located on the 18th and 19th floors of the hotel). In our opinion, if you choose to stay at the Queen Elizabeth try to get a good deal on a ‘Gold’ room as these appear to be the best rooms that the hotel has to offer. In addition, as part of our ‘Gold’ room package we received several convenient amenities such as complimentary snacks/non-alcoholic drinks during happy hour &amp; a daily complimentary breakfast (a light buffet with coffee/juice).We flew into Montreal from the US so we arrived via the airport (YUL). At the airport, we were presented with several different options to travel to the hotel (i.e., bus, taxi, or town car). We originally chose the taxi but at the last minute switched to the town car option (the taxi and town car options have fixed rates into the city center and the town car was only $10 CAN more than the taxi). I am not sure if this was the best overall choice, but for us it worked out well (our flight arrived late at night and we did not clear customers/immigration until after 11:30 PM - so we wanted to take the most convenient transportation to the hotel). The town car was not fancy, but it was clean, comfortable, and did get us to the hotel by midnight. The town car dropped us off at the side entrance of the hotel (which seems to be typical for this hotel) and we checked in with relative ease (the front desk staff was very pleasant and assigned us room 1961). Just a note - when staying in a ‘Gold’ room you can check in with the concierge on the 19th floor as long as you arrive prior to 11:00 PM (a very convenient option during peak times).We left Montreal for Quebec City via the train. The location of the Queen Elizabeth (right above the central train station) made the trip to Quebec City even more convenient (simply take the elevator from the hotel lobby down two flights to the train station). The train was perfect. We reserved Business Class tickets (they were only slightly more expensive than the coach option) and we received a complimentary lunch and drinks during the three and a half hour journey (a three course meal with a hot main course and complimentary wine/beer).	
Oct 17 2009 	Great Character Hotel	Good Location. Nicely appointed rooms ( most have been recently updated). Good for those without car, hotel is right on top of central train station, and for those with car as their valet service is very efficient. The only complaint I have with his hotel is the attitude from some ( not all) of the service staff. unfortunately more than once I have seen staff give off a very snobby attitude towards guest.other than that good choice.	
Oct 10 2009 	Amazing one bedroom suites stay @ Queen for its location	I have stayed at the Queen E a couple of times in the past, so I came to know the different room styles. In my last stay, I picked a one bedroom suite that was totally worth the price. The other suites or mini suites have no views, i.e., view of the parking lot and loading area, and are somehow smallish and not very well designed. Anyways, my stay in the suite at the end of the 13rd floor hallway was memorable. It was nicely furnished and distributed, the view on the city and the mountain was gorgeous. The foie gras from the room service was delicious, I had it twice. Got wrongly charged two nights of parking after checking-out, but staff at the accounting dept. refunded my credit card quickly. Careful with the parking charges, it is the second time I have problem with that.	
Oct 9 2009 	convenient and luxurious	great Montreal location (at train station and metro); within walking distance to downtown Montreal (and McGill campus); lots of shopping and restaurants nearby. Great service, renovated rooms	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect location and just so...convenient!	I usually shy away from staying at conference hotels when I'm in town for a conference somewhere, but in this case, I couldn't find a better deal and figured I'd give it a try.The location is perfect, connected to the &quot;underground city&quot; and the train station. It's steps from shopping, dining, vieux-port, everything. The hotel has great services. Rooms are quaint, if a bit small, but I was happy. Just really glad I stayed here.	
Oct 6 2009 	Bring uppers	There's something about the name of this place that makes you feel important. The location is great. The room was a bit of a disappointment - described as recently renovated, it had chips in the tiles in the bathroom floor and burn marks in the carpet - despite being a non-smoking room. And everything except the sheets and towels is BROWN. The carpet is BROWN. The drapes are BROWN. The chairs are upholstered in BROWN. The shower curtain is BROWN. The wallpaper is BROWN. The bathroom tiles are BROWN. The frame around the bathroom mirror is BROWN. The facial tissues are in a BROWN holder. The doors are painted BROWN. All the furniture is BROWN. The bedspread is BROWN. The lampshades are BROWN. It's unbelievable! If you're a naturally cheerful person and have a sense of the absurd, come and enjoy the BROWN. Otherwise, find somewhere else.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great Time	Room was pricey but well worth it. Couldn't ask for a better location.	
Oct 3 2009 	As nice as any Fairmont.	Furnishings and service were at Fairmont's usual standard. Breakfast buffet was great for international travelers - a lot of options to cater to the preferences of diverse cultures.However, I would say that the service in the Montrealais restaurant was inconsistant. One server went above and beyond, and one seemed to forget about me entirely.Room service was also inconsistent. Fast, but not the quality I would expect from a place with such well-respected restaurants. (e.g. an overcooked, bland burger; perfectly poached eggs that were ruined by setting them undrained on top of an English muffin that absorbed all the water like a sponge.) Sometimes there was butter, sometimes a glass of water, but sometimes not. I found the pour on a glass of room service wine kind of stingy, too.I did however, love the Les Voyageurs Bar. I don't mind paying $12 for a cocktail when it's strong an handmade. They also served great complimentary snacks (olives, chips, nuts etc.) with our beverages, and they kept refilling the dishes.An additional note - many cab drivers will drop you off on the side entrance - which is not convenient. (It has steps and no doorman - so not ideal if you've got luggage.) Ask them to pull around to the main entrance.	
Oct 1 2009 	Excellent Location	Well placed to visit Mont Royal, Old Town and built over main rail station so well connected to Olympic Park site. Close to shops and restaurants. Strongly recommend visitors to join the Fairmont Presidents Club if they want free internet access - we did this with the hotel concierge and gained immediate access. Spacious room with good view. Would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 28 2009 	The location made it perfect	We stayed there for one night because we were taking a train the next morning and the hotel is right over the train station. So for us, the location was perfect! Very nice, comfortable room, if a bit on the small side. Room had recently been renovated. The woman at the desk even offered us the renovated room or an unrenovated room on a higher floor that we had originally booked. The price was very reasonable for a luxury hotel. We went to the concierge desk for dinner recommendations but it was very crowded, A doorman had seen us head for the desk and offered recommendations instead ,which was very helpful.	
Sep 19 2009 	5 star rating for a very good reason!	First and foremost... the service was the best I have ever had. I travel very often and know exceptional service when I see or receive it. The Beaver Club restaurant is a 5 diamond restaurant.... there are only a handful of restaurants with that rating in Canada. Veeery pricey but the service and food are unparalleled. An experience you will keep with you forever.My rooms rating is a little lower because we found our room had very limited space. With a room that size they should use smaller furniture. I am confident that they have some pretty beautiful suites.Also take note that you can rent the same suite as John Lennon and Yoko Ono used for their famous &quot;make love not war&quot; campaign against the war.It's suite #1742... you can also take a picture in front of it instead.Great location, close to the Bell Centre and, well, everything in downtown Montreal.	
Sep 14 2009 	Very good stay - especially good service.	Just returned from 2 nights at the QE, part business, part leisure. Good points:-Very comfortable bed.Well appointed and stylish room, not huge but perfectly acceptable.Nice Miller Harris toiletries.Gold floor lounge served good continental breakfast and floor concierge was helpful and charming. Less good points:-The airconditioning was really quite noisy even on the low setting, and the fan stayed on even when it was turned off.Not enough surfaces in the bathroom for stuff. Hotel bar area lacked charm and natural light, (but made good cocktails).Turndown service was too early, we were getting ready to go out to dinner when they called. However we find this is a general problem in North America - perhaps because Europeans go out/eat out later?? There are lots of choices of hotel of this standard in central Montreal but I would choose to stay here again, as the location was excellent and the staff were friendly and welcoming.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great Value for Money	Excellent value for money. Rooms not big but adequate. Location is perfect. The coffee shop serves great snacks with your drinks &amp; kids drink (&amp; eat) free.	
Sep 8 2009 	Not Fairmont quality at all needs a refresh badly!	Stayed two nights, bit on the Presidents club email at a good rate. Location is very good, you can park anywhere downtown and walk in. I paid $30 total for 3 days very close by. Subway and train are right there, no need to go out even. Check in area average at best. Pleasant service but not Fairmont service. Room was very basic. Bathroom adequate, no fan. Older tub and toilet with a very institutional style flush handle. Strange. One small chair (with a broken armrest) and desk. Wired internet, with a broken ethernet cable. Old style CRT TV about a 22 inch. Bed was supposedly a queen but felt like a full at best. Firm mattress that was very springy and felt old. Old style thermostat with a basic radiator/air conditioner. Overall this is 2 star quality at a 4 star price. I would not stay here again as there are many MODERN hotels downtown for the same price. Very disappointing.	
Sep 4 2009 	Valet Parking Only! Give me a break!	This is one of those traditional and centrally located landmark hotels, where I stayed due to favorable rates to my Company. Average room and comfortable bed, but the lack of alternative to valet parking was enough for me to not ever stay there again! They take your car and give you a tiny blue paper, which you cannot lose, otherwise they cannot find your car when you need it back. This is particularly annoying if you like to get in and out of the hotel multiple times a day, and need to go through this every single time they need to park or retrieve their car. As if this were not enough, the hotel will charge you an additional $26 CAN per day for parking! If staying in downtown Montreal, try something less fancy near Crescent Street, or in Old Town Montreal.	
Aug 30 2009 	Excellent stay at the QE	I spent one night at the Queen Elizabeth, in town for the Montreal Film Festival. I booked two rooms through hotels.com and was pleased they were able to put us in side-by-side rooms despite being fully booked. I signed up for the president's club on the Fairmont website prior to the visit based on another traveler's recommendation in an earlier review. I think this was worth it, the lobby can get very busy during check-in and it was nice to have a shorter, private line. We used the valet at $26 a night, which was steep but all in all worth it as it is difficult to park right in the center of montreal. The location of the hotel was great, only a block from lots of shopping. Restaurants are many around, but we did eat at the hotel's bistro, Montrealis I believe it was called. The food was adequate for the high prices: nothing to write home about but not terrible either. Service was good, the front desk staff helpful. They upgraded us to rooms with king-size beds. The room was actually larger than I had expected from reading reviews, I have certainly stayed in much much smaller rooms in the centers of cities before. The bed was very comfortable, I slept wonderfully. Overall I would recommend this hotel to travelers, I think it would be comfortable for longer stays as well.	
Aug 28 2009 	QE is always great	I often go to Montreal on business or leisure and this hotel is definitely the best spot in town. You cannot beat location. Sitting right on the train station, at a walking distance from everywhere you need to go, and directly linked with the underground city. Queen Elizabeth is the biggest hotel in Montreal (more than 1000 rooms) and has very interesting history behind it. Service level is standardized so that you always have the same experience every time you come. If you can afford it, Gold floor is fantastic... It is not only a slightly upgraded floor as you'll find in other hotels, but it is actually a personalized boutique style hotel within the hotel with your own entrance. If you're looking at a high service level, this is the room you need to book, especially if you're on business. But if you're on a romantic week-end, the regular room will give you all the intimacy you need.Finally, the Sunday brunch is really a must, as in all Fairmont !!Now beware!!This is NOT a family hotel. They do not have the facilities to accommodate families, especially young children; rooms are not designed to accommodate an additional bed or cot. Rooms are small (but cozy). So if you’re on a family trip, other options in Montreal will suit better your needs. Another con... this hotel, especially during Summer months (high demand in Montreal during Summer) can get very pricey (from mid June to mid August). Also the QE hosts many conventions, so sometimes it can get fully booked during weekdays (tip : if it gets fully booked, try with a consolidator, sometimes they have rooms available even if the hotels says it is fully booked). I would recommend this hotel to anyone not on a family trip.	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice Fairmont hotel.	I went to the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth on August 9 2009 during the tennis tournament (Rogers’s cup). During my stay, the atmosphere of the hotel was really great because this was the official hotel for the tennis tournament. A lot of tennis players stayed at this hotel during the week. In general, the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth is a really nice hotel but it’s not perfect. HOTEL AMENITIES AND PUBLIC ROOMS: The Fairmont Queen Elizabeth has a nice lobby with a lounge next to it. The décor is classy with white marbles floor. I would say that the décor is classic and not too modern. It’s still beautiful in my opinion. The hotel has a nice fitness center with good equipments and plenty of space for your personal workout. It’s on the lower floor, under the lobby. Next to the fitness center, there is an indoor pool with two Jacuzzis. The pool is not really big but it’s a city hotel, not a resort. So it did the job. I didn’t try any of the hotel restaurants because there are a lot of restaurants nearby so I can’t comment on those, but I have heard that the food is pretty good. What’s special about this particular hotel in Montreal is that you can access the underground shopping mall by going down a level from the hotel lobby. The mall is literally under the hotel, so you don’t need to go outside to reach it. So, I would say that the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth has nice public rooms and good amenities for a hotel of this class. HOTEL ROOM: I stayed in a Fairmont room with a queen bed. I found the room small compare to other Fairmont hotels where I stayed at but it’s was really beautiful. The décor of the room is modern compare to the rest of the hotel with really nice furniture. The bathroom was small but it was clean and beautiful with black marbles floor and walls. In general, the room was great. SERVICE: The service that I received during my stay at the Queen Elizabeth was good but not perfect. I was able to check-in early but the reception employee seemed not really happy. She was only doing her job and nothing more. The staffs that I encountered thorough my stay didn’t seem to welcome the guests with enthusiasm. On a possible maximum score of 10, I would only give 7 out of 10 for the service I received at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth. OVERALL RATING: I give the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth 4* out of 5* for its nice amenities and small, but beautiful hotel rooms. The only reason why I don’t give this hotel 5* is because the service was not up to the quality that Fairmont hotels are known for.	
Aug 26 2009 	Tammy was the BEST	Visited Montreal for our 42nd Anniversay last weekend. First time back to thyis beautiful city since our honeymoon exactly 42 years ago.The Queen is perfectly located and does many things well and nothing badly.Our stay on the Gold floor was made especially enjoyable by Tammy. She made our visits to the lounge area especially enjoyable. (I'm not certain of her title - she attended to the snack and drink area - but, went way beyond expected in service and warmth. We especially appreciated her suggestion of Restaurant Julien as a small (not-such-an-elaborate-deal) within walking distance. (For some reason,?? the Gold Room desk on the Saturday evening shift did NOT offer Menus &lt;or much help really&gt; about near by (walkable) alternatives to the Fairmont's Beaver Club).A comment on value: maybe things have changed in the last couple years - I think a beer or glass of wine OUGHT to be complimentary on any premium floor. There was an Honor Bar charge.:( They had a GREAT selection of beers. Wines were nice but limited selection available. The snacks were fine but certainly not remarkable. (We've really enjoyed and been spoiled by the Ritz-Carlton Club Floor in past years.)All things considered, there was nothing that would disuade me from staying here again (Tammy might convince us to return) but, I'd probably shop-around to see if there might be something that &quot;had it all&quot;.	
Aug 26 2009 	Nothing Special	There is nothing wrong with this hotel, but for us it just did not have the charm or character of the other Fairmont hotels we have stayed at. The room was very small, and the bathroom just adequate. The location is great if its your first visit. We have stayed in Montreal many times, and there are other locations that are more interesting. The hotel charges 26 dollars a day for parking, but we paid 15 in the green P right behind the hotel. We were there on a week day, and arrived later in the day, so that may have helped us get a spot. It was half the rate of the hotel. The hotel is clean and has nice beds and furniture, but they are small with a large hotel feel.	
Aug 24 2009 	Lovely hotel in a good location and nice view of the city	We stayed for a long weekend to escape from NYC. My date joined the President's Club which made check in a breeze and gave us other amenities to enjoy (like the morning paper). I found very little to complain about - minor things like less frequent changing of linen and fewer room attendants cause our room not to be serviced until early evening (5:30 PM) on the second day. Room # 1078 was a tad small, but I've stayed in tighter quarters for more money. Nice toiletries and plush linens though. Nice furniture but not much room for storage - plenty of mirrors. Had lunch in the Montrealais Bistro Bar and enjoyed the ½ pound burger - the wait staff was great (staff was attentive throughout the hotel actually). The Bistro is pretty and has nice street views, prices were a tad high, but I think comparable to NYC's east side hoteliers prices. A word of compliment to the housekeeping staff - I left behind some papers I was grading. When I called the hotel to inquire, they actually sent someone to check the room, found the missing item, returned my call and offered to send my portfolio back to me! Very considerate! I would stay here again, especially since it is almost directly above the Amtrak train station. Great for walking or biking to the various neighborhoods of Montreal and for shopping in the Old City and the Underground or St. Catherine Ste.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great Location Yummy Brunch Buffet	The Queen Elizabeth cannot be in a better location in terms of shopping. It's connected to the Place Ville Marie underground shopping mall, which connects to many other malls like Eaton Centre and Les Ailes, not to mention its close proximity to the infamous Rue Ste.-Catherine. The train station is also directly beneath the hotel, which is also ultra-convenient if you want to arrive by train. Our room was a little on the small side. I'm not sure if we just got the slim pickins or if they are all mostly like that. I think I was expecting a little more in terms of space and maybe bed comfort, and maybe a little more luxury, but it wasn't a big deal. As far as service goes, I must say that the valet service is super speedy, I have to give them their props. The concierge was extremely helpful. He took his time, despite the line, to thoughtfully recommend a restaurant and provide printed information on the location. Very thorough, prince of a fellow..Check-in was slow, but it was a busy weekend.Brunch at the restaurant next to the elevators, Le Montrealais, was great. Fresh fruits, fresh OJ, eggs benedict, bacon, sausage, pastries (you must try one), crepes, yogurts, cheeses and more. Go early if eating on the weekends to not get the last of everything. Kids eat free, not sure up to what age, but our kids were 6 and under.Hubby said that the hot tub was a bit on the cold side, and he's pretty sensitive to hot water.	
Aug 18 2009 	I Will Not Stay Here If I Were You	Let me first say the things that I liked about this hotel. The location is central to all the places you would want to go to, say, the church the Old Port or the St. Joseph's Oratory or the shopping areas and etc. It is clean, I must say, as it is what you should expect from a four-star hotel. And here is what you should be reading: when we arrived, parking is already a problem, since your only option is a) valet service which is $26 dollars per day from the hotel, and b) a green-P parking that charges $8 dollars per hour. TAKE YOUR PICK. As we checked-in, there are only about 2 receptionists working and we waited about 45 minutes just for them to let us know that the room is still being cleaned. The pool/ steam room is only opened till 9 pm. So much for relaxation when you really need it. I was travelling with my 12-month old baby and when I called for the reception/ customer service to ask where I can use a microwave to warm up my baby's milk, I was put on hold for 20 MINUTES only to be told that they charge a $10 rental fee for a microwave to be brought up to the room that I will use for 1 minute!!! And much to my disappointment, the lady at the reception told me to just boil the water from the coffe maker and said that it is the best suggestion that she has. Am I staying in a four-star hotel or somewhere else that is uber primitive? All I can say is that this hotel does NOT deserve a four-star hotel. I've been to 3-star hotels and their bathrooms have exhaust fans. This one DOES NOT have any in their rooms!It was bad.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great Location Elegant Hotel	This hotel is located on top of the Via Rail train station making it a very convenient stay for those traveling by train. A quick walk and elevator ride from the train station brings you to the lobby of this grand hotel. The lobby is lovely and the staff very professional, friendly and welcoming. The room size is adequate and cleanliness is also good. The views from this hotel are spectacular and it is in a very good location. You can walk to St. Catherine Street and many other attractions from here. We had a lovely stay here.	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent	Great location, connected to the underground, great service, Beaver Club!!!!	
Aug 4 2009 	Wonderful long weekend!	My boyfriend and I stayed here on the August long weekend and had a wonderful time. We arrived by train and it was so easy walking from the train station right up into the hotel. It was nice not to have to walk outside. We requested a view of the Cathedral and it really was wonderful coming back to the room and seeing it right outside your window! The rooms, while on the smallish side, were clean and extremely comfortable. The beds and pillows were so inviting it was hard to leave the room to go sightseeing. The bathroom was small as well, but it didn’t matter to us as it was still very modern. The rainfall shower head was a nice touch as well. All the service was speedy and everyone was super courteous to us. Check-in was a breeze! The only downfall I would have to note is that the walls are very thin and you could hear everyone coming in and out of their rooms within your little block of rooms. You could also hear people talking loudly and sneezing and coughing. Overall though, for the location and service, it was a great hotel!	
Jul 29 2009 	Wonderful Stay!!!	Stayed at the Fairmont Queen E for 3 nights in July 2009 and had a fantastic time. We travelled by train, and it could not be any easier. You get off the train and you don't ever have to go outside as the hotel is accessible through the underground. The hotel lobby is beautiful, we had a room on the 16th floor with magnificent views of downtown, and the service was absolutely superb. We stayed in a 'Fairmont room', and no it is not huge, but it was certainly big enough for us to be comfortable. The bathroom is quaint and petite, but it has everything you need, including bathrobes, hairdryers, a clothesline, etc. The hotel location is fantastic, and the concierge desk will do anything they can to help you with your activities while in Montreal. They guide you to the proper metro/subway, they explain what the cab fares should be so you are well equipped, they get you to where you want to go in the appropriate/cost savings fashion. Excellent service.We used to pool every night we were at the Queen E, and it was a fantastic way to end a busy day...between the pool, the jacuzzi and work out room, you really cannot go wrong. Very accommodating for any age as there was also a wading pool for very young children.I would recommend the Queen E to anyone planning a stay in Montreal. I would strongly recommend signing up for a President's Club membership before your arrival as you will enjoy free internet access (otherwise $13.95 + tax per 24 hrs) and a morning newspaper every day of your stay. You also accumulate points which can be used towards a future stay. I will always return to the Queen E when travelling to Montreal...so easy, so friendly, and very nice accommodations.	
Jul 29 2009	Great city location	The grand dame of Montreal is showing her age a bit, but she certainly has got charm. If you are looking for a centrally located hotel and get a good offer, this is a solid choice. Overall historically interesting! First, staying in the hotel feels like a journey back to the early 90s. Needs a restoration! Second, a series of celebrities over the years have here. If you get a chance, pop by suite 1742, that's where Lennon/Ono held their 2nd Bed-In &quot;Give Peace a Chance&quot; event. Booked via an offer from hotels.com. Although I have chosen to just give a 3 rate does not mean I am an unhappy camper in any sense. It's just to keep a fair balance to other hotels I have scored here at TA. Last time in town I stayed at the Sofitel (3 blocks away), which I grade close to a 5 -- but costs naturally more. Thanks ODtravelers from Wisconsin for the previous TA tips on the deli street, 2 floors down from lobby, at train station level. That was a great place to do breakfast!Got a standard room at 10th floor, which was all OK. Think the rooms are fairly tiny as per North American standards. Essentially the bathroom. But it worked out fine. I really missed a safe box in the room though to lock up my belongings securely. Another security related wish is a &quot;lift key&quot; so only people staying in the hotel have access to the floors. The room was unfortunately not so soundproof. Some noise during night from guests coming back and heard the neighbors TVs through, which was slightly annoying.Gym is OK, equipment a bit dated. They also have a nice pool.	
Jul 28 2009 	A stunning hotel with interesting history in a central location	This beautiful hotel is right on the main street of Montreal in the heart of the city. Many tourist attractions are within easy walking distance and transport (bus, metro and rail) are virtually at the door. The entrance and foyer are very grand and the staff are very welcoming (such friendly doormen!). Don't be deceived by the hotel's &quot;Beaver Restaurant&quot;, it may look very expensive but it's really quite reasonable and offers a complete selection of fine food, from club sandwiches to gourmet meals. Our room was on the 13th floor and overlooked Mont Royal and McGill University ... absolutely breathtaking! The room was spacious and well appointed and housekeeping offered a 'turn-down service' of the bed each night and placed complimentary bottled water on the bedsides. If it was good enough for John Lennon and Yoko Ono, then it was good enough for us as the famous pair stayed in a room on the 17th floor of the Fairmont for their famous &quot;give peace a chance&quot; lie-in in '69. Our 5 night stay was sheer indulgence! Highly recommended.	
Jul 27 2009 	The queen has the best location	We have visited Montreal about six or seven times. We have always stayed at the Queen Elizabeth except for 2 times when we decided to try other hotels. The Queen is located down the street from Rue St. Catherine which is THE location for shopping. The hotel sits above the underground (again great food and shopping) We always eat at the Beaver Club located in the lobby. The eating places we like such as Vargas and the nightlife at 737 are within walking distance of the Queen Elizabeth. We also enjoy the coffee pot in the room. It is not a cheep hotel but a great experience.	
Jul 26 2009 	Absolutely fantastic!	The location was excellent, the service was amazing, the staff accomodating and friendly. Having stayed in Montreal before, I can honestly say this was the best hotel yet. Everyone from the concierge to the maids, to the doormen (especially Douglas) were so helpful and went beyond the call of duty to accommodate us. The rooms were large enough for the 4 of us girls, though who wants to stay in a hotel room when the Montreal experience is outside!?!? The room was clean, and the hotel itself was very clean. The Lennon/Ono room was great to see (thanks Douglas!!) Gare Centrale was conveniently located below and with all the shops and restaurants...everything was close at hand. Waking up to the cathedral view every morning felt very European. Overall a great experience!	
Jul 23 2009 	Personnel made it extra special	It was our first visit to Montreal and this hotel did everything perfectly. The staff was as professional and accommodating as they could be (especially Pascal &amp; Jean Pierre). Our room was big and comfortable with a great view. The location was convenient to the Jazz Festival, Metro, shopping and restaurants. We will definitely return to &quot;The Queen&quot;.	
Jul 20 2009 	Low class hotel at 5 star price *AVIOD HOTEL*	I stayed at this hotel for a weekend in July. At a rate of $300/night I expected to get a nice room and good service but I was wrong. I had booked directly with the hotel to ensure I get the best service.The check in process was very slow (wait time 20 minutes). Our room was not available until 4:30pm although check is at 4:00pm and I had even asked to get early check in if possible well in advance.The rooms are about a 2-3 star at its best. There was an old TV in the room with mostly French channels. The water pressure was so low in the shower that I could barely take a shower. The internet in the room did not work and the worst problem we encountered was the loud noise from doors slamming all day and night. The problem is that there are windows in the rooms that you can leave open and causes lots of air pressure and when you leave your room guess what, “SLAM”. Anyways, we did not get a good night sleep and were woken up at 8am by house keeping as someone had stolen our “do not disturb” sign.The valet parking temporarily lost my car and could not find it. The only good thing about the hotel was the overpriced breakfast buffet. The food was pretty good.I would never ever stay at this hotel again as it is way over priced for the type of room and service that you get.	
Jul 12 2009 	great central location for a meeting	Very nice stay for a convention. The connection to the underground city is absolutely amazing. Bell staff were on the spot to help unload as we arrived in the rain, and front desk and concierge excellent and polite. Room was on the small side, but that's what the beauty of an historic downtown hotel usually means. Nicely appointed. Having two basilicas within a block (Saint Mary, Queen of the World next door, and Saint Patrick's down the block) was very handy for Sunday Mass. Wish we would have known that Saint Patrick's was in English earlier. Two blocks to dozens of great restaurants (we enjoyed 3 Brasseurs tremendously). Every need at hand, from the IGA grocery store just down the street, to every imaginable food, retail, banking etc. within a block or two any direction.	
Jul 11 2009 	Lovely time	Accolades to the Queen Elizabeth staff. I had a lovely stay here despite some of the negative reviews. Yes, the grand dame of Montreal is showing her age a bit, but my room was updated and very comfortable. The check-in process took mere seconds and the staff were very gracious. I have decided to concentrate a lot of my business stays with Fairmont since they have many fantastic properties around the world. The location was perfect and central to so much going on. I was able to walk to nice shopping and restaurants and also was relatively close to Old Montreal. The everyday rooms could stand a more comfortable mattress and the public areas a little sprucing up, but it still felt very much like a destination hotel.Thank you Fairmont!	
Jun 23 2009 	It was just ok	The hotel was the worst of all Fairmonts in Canada. I didnt like the fact the there were not bells by the doors, no one to open the doors, carry packages, get stuff, or ask questions lol, I mean, Im not a princess but it is expected. The juniour suit was very very nice though n location wasnt too bad. Price wise, it was fair.	
Jun 9 2009 	Excellent service and a great room with a view!	We booked a special 3-nights for the price of 2 deal at a bargain rate via a phone call to the hotel. When we arrived, we were informed that we would receive a $50 per night food and beverage credit and as members of the Fairmont Presidents' Club (which we had signed up for online), we would also receive free access to the Internet. We requested a room with a view of the neighboring church and were given a recently renovated room on the 17th floor with a spectacular view of the church and the city. While the room was somewhat smaller than expected, it was well-furnished with a kingsize bed, a large flat screen TV, a desk, and an armchair. Lamps were plentiful with 3-way eco-friendly bulbs. The bathroom was compact and had all the amenities of a luxury hotel. We dined at both the 5-star hotel restaurant and the piano bar - the food and service at both were outstanding. Overall, our stay was close to perfect; all the hotel staff were extremely accommodating and went out of their way to make our visit a delightful one. We will definitely stay here on our next trip to Montreal.	
Jun 9 2009 	Very nice hotel - good service	We began our trip to Canada with a special package rate of $249 CAD a night including breakfast.The room was not large, but very comfortable with a nice view of the Cathedral next door and Montreal. Bathroom was a bit tiny, the door was almost on top of the toilet, but the shower was very nice with a large shower head.The breakfast was a large buffet and very nice.We ate dinner is the more casual restaurant one night and the food was excellant even though the service was rushed.On the last day there we found a secret place - the elevators in the lobby go down to the level that connects to the Underground shopping, but that was not the secret.If you go down one more level to the one the train station is on you will find the most incredible food stands breads, cheese, wine, dessert, we would have been able to eat down there each day. There is nothing in the hotel to mention this trove of wonder!	
May 31 2009 	GREAT location	I stayed at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth on two seperate occasions during May, 2009. I arrived by cruise ship, and the location of the hotel was all I could have wanted..a $12 CAD cab ride from cruise terminal ( tip included ). The Central train station is located two stories below the hotel. There are many sandwich shops, a Tim Horton's and Second Cup for the coffee lovers, as well as McDonald's and Subway.I had booked directly on the hotel's web site, under the category &quot; packages&quot;. My first stay was termed &quot; Sweet Deal&quot;..$189CAD for the first night, 1/2 price for the 2nd night... breakfast buffet included each day of stay. Package was available Thurs- Sun. night stays. On my second stay, I chose the Imagine pkg. for one of the nights.. $199 CAD, with breakfast buffet for two...the 2nd night, I chose the regular senior rate, no breakfast, as I had to leave early. I recommend that you also join the Fairmont President's Club (before making your reservation)...the freq. guest program... even if you are not going to be a freq. guest...this gives you free in-room internet, and other amenities..like a daily newsdpaper.The rooms vary in size... during both stays, I had a wide, flat-screen TV, down pillows, and upgraded bedding...the bathrooms are small... the shower is curved and large with a great shower head...Since I was there to be Mrs. Tourist, the location was perfect... the Grayline bus picked up at the hotel and dropped me back there( approx. $39 with tax senior rate )... the airport bus picked up at the hotel ( $15 CAD). I arranged both through the hotel..Since I was leaving the hotel for a few days in Ottawa, I left my large suitcase, and got it upon my return stay. The convenience of going directly down to the train station was so wonderful...after 01 June, a casino shuttle stops at the hotel...I found the hotel personnel formal, but friendly...I would definitely stay there again...LOOK for those package deals at hotels web- site, then there will be no compaints of over-priced...	
May 12 2009 	Great service average rooms	The great pluses for this hotel are the location and the service. Staff, from the front desk to housekeeping to the concierge are friendly and very accomodating. The hotel is located in a convenient spot downtown right above the Gare Centrale and the interconnected underground malls- providing access to great shopping and food.One big minus of the hotel is that the rooms are very average in quality. Many competitors, even mid-range chains, have upgraded their bedding to include things like pillowtop mattresses and down comforters and pillows; this Fairmont's bedding lacks all of these and is basically what you would have expected from a mid-quality chain hotel 10 or 15 years ago. The television is small and has a limited selection of channels. The room and bathroom are quite small, though very clean and decently decorated.Internet access is free for President's Club members (there is no wi-fi accessibility in the rooms - you either have to use wired in the room or go into the hall or lobby to use wi-fi.Fitness center is large and well-equipped.Parking is $26/day with in/out privileges, valet service is obligatory.Summary: Good service and location, but Fairmont needs to strongly consider upgrading their rooms to remain competitive.	
May 12 2009 	Great location but overpriced	We stayed one night at the FQE in May 2009 with our 2 year old baby.The hotel is conveniently located in downtown Montreal with direct acces to the Unerground Montréal. We even had access to the hotel from the train station. The service was excellent.The rooms are very small. The pool was not open during the afternoon (on a Saturday) and was cold. Overall we had a nice stay but think we overpaid for this hotel. The Hyatt and the Delta are as nice and 50$ less.	
May 10 2009 	Be wary of extra charges	I made the poor assumption that an ersatz elegant hotel would provide complimentary local telephone calls. Imagine my surprise to find that the hotel charged $1.50 for each local call. The receptionist explained that the &quot;Canadian telephone company determined the rates&quot;...right. I was never informed about the costs of local telephone calls, nor was any information about such costs readily available. The hotel is also much farther from the Palais d' congress conference center than advertised on many websites. I recommend the Place d' Armes, Hotel W, or Hotel Intercontinental (oncy they finish with reservations).	
Apr 23 2009 	Firmly 4* deluxe Hotel with a great location	We have just returned from Canada &amp; stayed here for 2 nights. The Hotel was built in 1958 &amp; has 1000 rooms spread over 21 floors, so be careful with your views &amp; the room type booked. The Rooms are modern, but the TV's are pretty old. The bathrooms are very small &amp; I would imagine are the original size from 1958. The service is good, remembering that you could be one of the 2000+ guests that are staying. Breakfast is also very good, but a tip is upgrade to the Fairmont Gold rooms on the 19 floor, here you check in, have comp nibbles at 6pm, check out &amp; comp continental breakfast, all away from the 2000 peasants that you might encounter in the main restaurants. The location is great, as the Hotel is perched on the railway &amp; metro stations, so you can just go to the basement &amp; get your land transportation immediately.We would recommend, but remember that due to the size of the Hotel, it is not exclusive.	
Apr 14 2009 	A Montreal engagement	We stayed at the Fairmont over Valentines weekend, which also happens to be my boyfriend's birthday. The hotel itself was just OK. When we arrived we pulled up to the front of the hotel and went inside to check-in and find out about parking. The front desk informed us that they do indeed have valet parking - for $25 per day - and that we should speak with the doorman. My only complaint of the entire weekend would be that doorman. Our car was parked directly in front of the hotel about 7 cars down and when we tried to give him our keys he said, no that's too far away. He told us we would have to go move it ourselves around to the side door of the hotel. The street was one way, it was rush hour and this was just a hassle we didn't not need or want upon our arrival in Montreal! I stood in the hotel lobby for at least 20 minutes while my boyfriend served as valet, it was not appreciated at all. The hotel itself wasn't bad - they certainly don't go out of their way however. We got engaged though so it was still the best weekend ever!	
Apr 7 2009	Nice Hotel Great Location!	My mum and I went to Montreal for a shot visit originating from Toronto. We stayed at The Fairmont Queen Elizabeth which is a great place to stay if you visit Montreal for pleasure or business. It's conveniently located above the Via Rail station and it's connected to the city underground (The closest stations Peel &amp; Bonaventure)The rooms are spacious and clean. Nice furnished and elegant. There is Internet service in the rooms for an extra charge, which I wasn't happy about. The room service is not available 24 hours which is a bit disappointing.Since the hotel has so many connection to the streets, train &amp; underground system, the management should improve their security policy. There are no security guards after 12 AM. Everybody have access to public hotel areas including elevator and floors. During my stay I saw some estrange people hanging out on the floor. My overall experience was good, I would stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 22 2009 	Great Hotel excellent location!	I stayed at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth back in January with my boyfriend and we had an excellent stay, Check in was a breeze and front desk was very helpful. Make sure you sign up for the Fairmont Club Membership. You received complimentary internet connection, newspaper and express check out.Our room was located on the 17th floor and was very clean and well kept during out 3 night stay. The hotel has an underground shopping centre which has a few shops and a small food court perfect for a quick snak. Continue walking and you will get to Eaton Centre. We went on a very cold weekend so this was very helpful. The hotel is also right beside a huge beautiful church. It was my first time in Montreal and I thought the Fairmont was just great. Enjoy your stay :)	
Mar 20 2009 	The Queen is Showing Her Age	This is the first time I have stayed at Fairmont The Queen E. although I am a Fairmont Presidents Club Member, It was a Valentines getaway weekend to Montreal from Toronto. We took the VIA 1 Train, and that was the reason I booked the QE. It's location on top of Central Station. Montreal can be cold in February (and It was).This hotel is dated! The lobby looks like 1959 leftovers, even the newer remodeled rooms are small, and un appealing. I have stayed on numerous occasions at both the Delta Centreville, and the Hilton Bonnevanture, both excellent hotels with stunning rooms. Especially the Delta Centreville. Here at Queen E, we had a room on the 19th floor - all non smoking floor, but unfortunately the adjoining room had smokers and their smoke billowed through the adjoining room door. I called the front desk on several occasions to complain (4 times during our stay) and nothing was done. Upon check-out I mentioned this to the front desk clerk, she apologized, but stated because tourism was down in Montreal, they did not want to loose a guest just because he was smoking. Well to that I added, you just lost one (me) because of this. I did use the (or should I say tried to use) the fitness facilities and pool, but it was so crowded with kids (under 12) and noisy The facilities are also small for a hotel this size. I have stayed in mid priced Holiday Inn's with bigger and better facilities. ...We barely stepped in to the pool to be jumped on by some 12 year old. Same in the hot tub, filled with kids. Don't get me wrong I like kids, but as they say been there done that, this was suppose to be a romantic getaway. We did not eat at any of the hotels restaurants, preferring to dine at some of Montreal's finer dining establishments. Even if we wanted to dine, at breakfast at the Montrealer, the wait was over an hour, instead we made our way to Old Montreal and a nice Creperie. Our weekend was not spoiled as we enjoyed the sights and sounds of Montreal and Mt. Tremblant. We really only used the hotel as a place to sleep. And even then the beds were hard, and uncomfortable. and the room smelled of smoke! (from next door). I would never stay here again! And would not recommend this hotel to anyone. To bad because the location is great. Perhaps the Fairmont executives should pay this hotel a visit and get it up to the standards that one is accustomed to at Fairmont Hotels!!!!	
Mar 16 2009 	Great location great rooms great price!	I've been to montreal maybe 50-60 times over the past 10 years but had never stayed at this hotel. Now I'm not sure that I'll stay anywhere else! You just can't beat the location, and it's a solid 4 star hotel. It's not gonna wow you like a Loews or something of that nature, but it is a very nice, very well kept hotel. The best thing about it is that it is connected into the underground city, with numerous breakfast/coffee options just an elevator away. The train station and metro are right there too, no need to ever go outside on a freezing winter day. You can walk to all the nightlife on St Catherine/Crescent Street within a few minutes. Park in the garage behind the hotel and you'll save a few bucks.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great hotel with a great location!!!	Stayed at the Fairmont for 3 days...Location could not have been better for us as we ViaRail'ed it from Toronto to Montreal and the Hotel was above the station...also very close to lots of shopping and restaurants and with direct access to &quot;the underground city&quot; of MontrealHotel itself is very big and busy and the reception is always crowded...Lobby wasn't anything great to speak off but the rooms, in my opinion were very nice, Large neat with all modern amenities.	
Feb 17 2009 	Le Reine/Queen Elizabeth made our Valentine's weekend.	First off, and to address a couple of negative remarks that others have left: Yes, the beds are firm at the Q.E.....just like they are in the rest of Canada, Europe and everywhere else I've been outside the U.S. We are the only country I'm aware of who sells and sleeps so many &quot;soft&quot; mattresses. (Oddly enough, you also won't find dozens of Chiropractic offices lining the streets in any of these places with waiting areas full of incredibly overweight people with canes and walkers like here in the U.S. either.) At the Q.E., however, we found that the soft high end sheets, comfy duvets, and nice, big, thick natural feather pillows (fibre-filled ones are readily available for the asking for those so allergenic) were pretty darn accommodating for the 3 great night's sleep there that we just returned from. We had a nicely appointed well updated and clean standard room with King and booked in response to a very good, recent Travelzoo.com rate offer, obviously intended to bolster off season revenue.Service/staff was friendly, professional, yet genuinely personable throughout, something we - as inn-owners ourselves, catch onto most quickly. The flowers, ordered locally in advance, were awaiting our arrival and the room was ready to a tee.Yep, the standard rooms aren't the largest. That's why it's a standard room.... (Um?)The bath is also smaller, so if you're planning on an &quot;in-hotel experience only&quot; and elbow room is a key issue you may want to check out the other room options. If you brought all the kids along to a romantic city like this then that's your own personal problem and I can't help ya'. (You blew the grandparent option. Not me!)The one negative (!) that we will forward to Q.E. management directly was around the fitness club/pool hot tub (...never waste your perfectly good time, air and brain cells telling this sort of negative operations stuff to the poor attendant/staff that a.) don't have any direct control over an issue/problem. b.) may not forward your issue/problem along up the ladder for various reasons, including they don't want to bear any mis-directed blame for it) It wasn't clean, period. On Saturday, we thought the foam ring may have just been the result of heavy Valentine's Day use since the Hotel, and tub, was pretty busy. Then we noticed a scummy dark ring along the top of the tub... OK, maybe it was very busy....? Well, the same ring and even more foam was in the tub on Sunday and we weren't(!). We own/offer/maintain a hot tub in our own establishment so I feel fair in saying that the Q.E. tub needs some better TLC given this hotels 1000+ rooms. The pool, locker room, etc., were all nicely upgraded, seemingly well maintained/clean, and fine by us, but the hot tub was our one turn-off/negative and a substantial one given public health issues. So there it is, the down and dirty...ring, which could be cured by nightly drain-outs and refills like cruise ships do. (Hey, if you're going to offer a hot tub, the inherent operating costs are what keep an establishment from ever having some reputation damaging outbreak of &quot;yech-i-tis&quot; The rest of our stay was so good that it's actually sad to write this, but it's a potentially serious issue given the public access.....All-righty then, enough of that... The Q.E. location is great!! As has been said, it's right above the Central Station (train) and Underground Montreal access, which is sprawling and the prime reason we went to Montreal in February (Like, huh???) The underground is amazing in terms of scope and architecture and includes hundreds (!) of retail stores, restaurants, tailor's/laundries, florists, , etc., etc., and interconnects all the major hotels, the Bell Center, the trade show halls, banks, the Place de Arts, and colleges by a labyrinth of 20 miles of very well lit, clean, modern tunnel ways. THIS is both very cool AND the largest such underground in the world. ...All major cards gladly accepted everywhere here shopping maniacs! Shops range from El cheapo (less then 10%), to his and her Rolex's and all in-between.The Premiere-Moison bakery is just below the hotel and is excellent (gets the Montreal 5 star equivalent) and you can find a cuban cigar at the little newstand/shop just around corner off the main hall of Central Station by asking the blond gal who runs it (Cigars are in an enclosed humidor so you have to ask, as I did/learned) Again, all this is just below the Q.E. and there's also a McD's/Subway and a Canada clone of Staple's Office Supply. What was really cool was that we like to walk and we were able to walk from the Q.E. to an exhibit at the Place de Arts, some 15 or 16+ blocks away, in just shirts and sweaters because we never had to step a foot outside to get there. We could have walked to/from our room right over to the Celine Dion concert at the Bell Center the same way and beat all the street crowd/fray. Very Cool!The only meal we did at the Q.E. is the one we'd recommend if you'll be there on full weekend, the Sunday Brunch! Par De Excellence! This was a veritable treat, even considering that we are in close proximity to Northampton MA, the undisputed dining mecca of Western New England. The Q.E. hosts an excellent brunch that included everything from custom omelets and crepes, to sauteed mushrooms, smoked and baked salmon, an entire table of gourmet salad dishes, all sorts of Quebecoise desserts to di..., well, just count your calories and cholesterol, OK! Anyway, there was way too much to list for $33.00 CAN (about $25 US as of 02/15) per person and there was no rush to move anyone out the door, just plenty of very good, well prepared, food. We were glad we slept in past the morning breakfast buffet because we'll go back for this meal in the future - even if we don't stay here, now that we know about it!! Lot's of Montreal locals present attested to the overall value.Last positive, and note the timing... The Q.E. gym gets an A in terms of hotel gym facilities. If you do the buffet it might be time to check out this well equipped, cleanly modern facility. This is NOT one of those after-thought gyms that you find stuck into an old janitor's closet all too often. Well lit, roomy, and modern with full time and congenial staff lives at the Q.E. I'd kill to have a local gym like this within 10 miles of home here, and again, the only real neg. was that damn hot tub.... which will probably be set right soon after I cut, paste, and forward this review along to the Q.E.'s home management team at Fairmont. ;-)Parking! SUV folks note that the garage ($26/day) accommodates up to 6' 6&quot; vehicles, small trucks/ P.U. caps, which is another reason for our original pick of the Q.E. since we took our FWD truck due to poss. snow in the forecast. Valet Parking is the only game here at Q.E., or anywhere near-by, but the parking staff was good to deal with, so just smile and drop a 5/10 on the guy, knowing that you'd pay just as much in any Montreal above-ground lot while your wheels were getting all covered in ice and snow...Anyway, we're going back for the Jazz Fest in July and the Q.E. is now on the strong possibility list after this first stay. (Usually stay at Gouveneur Place du Puis).-Doc LeDuc	
Feb 15 2009 	Centrally located reliable and extremely pet friendly.	The Queen Elizabeth is centrally located in downtown Montreal and is within easy walking distance of the downtown shopping core. It connects to the underground system which is basically a shopping mall made up of most of the downtown building basements connected together. This underground system is also connected to Viarail (Amtrak) and Montreal's subway system. Other tourist attractions such as Old Montreal are only a few subway stops away.  The underground mall/downtown walkway:You definitely need to frequently refer to a map to find your way around as some buildings participate while others don't and you can easily loose your sense of direction even with all the clear signs. There is almost everything in this system including Tim Hortons, Starbucks, shops, drugstores and bookstores.The rooms:While the rooms are not large, they are mid-sized and comfortable. Our room had an armchair, desk chair, a desk (high speed internet at an extra charge) and a tall round table with the Fairmont Magazine and a hardbound Montreal tourist book. There was a TV, coffee making supplies and complimentary coffee and tea. The minibar had a tamperproof seal and a lock. The curtains are blackout-lined.The bathrooms are marble-tiled, small and slightly dated. Fairmont bathrooms are generally smaller than most others in their class. Equipped with hairdryer, working laundry line, and wide shower-rod. Although there is even lighting, there is not an extra magnifying makeup mirror that you usually get with hotels of this class. One bathrobe is on a hook behind the bathroom door while the other is in the closet. Bath amenities are citrus scented Miller Harris brand and include a plastic shower cap and shoe mitt.There is a small in-room safe, iron, ironing board, plastic laundry bag and an extra pillow (but not blanket).The front desk was courteous and efficient. Free Wifi is available in the lobby but the rooms only offer high-speed at an additional charge. If you join their Fairmont frequent traveler program called the President's Club (free) the high-speed is free for all your stays. Their business center is located in the basement in the hotel's own mall right off the lower elevator lobby.The car valet is also located in the basement and is usually charged separately from the room. There is a separate cashier. Taxis are usually available from the front (north) entrance while a small passenger pickup/delivery area is located to the side (west). To get to the hotel's own covered parking garage, you must drive around to the sides and try and find the awkward entrance between the extended hotel building and the Viarail/Amtrak/office building. There will be a few (cheaper) public pay-parking areas here but the hotel's own parking is the north building. The easier way would be to drop off the car at the front entrance. Hotel parking fees are the same for self park and valet parking. Special requests for our puppy was handled efficiently by the friendly Concierge. Lobby Lounge/Afternoon Tea was excellent. Scones and tea were served in fine china at the correct temperature and correct method. The service was slow because there was only one overworked waitress for the entire area who was extremely efficient and polite despite the workload. The breakfast buffet was a full spread, with eggs to order, a large selection of breads, yoghurts, fruits, fresh juices, cold meats and salads. Tea and Coffee was served at the table and refilled. The only complaint is that there was only a tiny plate of a few slices of smoked fish (trout, salmon, stuffed herring) that was half hidden in the garnish and not readily refilled. Overall a very pleasant stay in a classic but dated hotel. I would not hesitate to reccomend this hotel as a reliable, centrally located, extremely pet friendly hotel. There are many choices in this class but the Fairmont is a very good backup.	
Feb 4 2009	Cold outside warm at the Fairmont	The room was clean and luxurious! The staff was super helpful. November isn't the best time to visit Montreal, but at least our hotel was warm and cozy.	
Jan 26 2009 	Lost it's lustre	I think that Fairmont needs to look at this property and how it is managed and change some things. The room we got was a Junior Suite and it was a nice layout. The beds are outdated especially when you compare it to Starwood brands. Main comforter had a stain on it, blankets were cheap and the bathroom was very small. The room was cleaned but the little details were overlooked like corners and doorknobs which had stains on them. I wish I brought some wipes so I could do a better cleaning job. The food in the Montrealer restaurant was ok, nothing spectacular. The great thing abotu the hotel is the location which is connected to the underground where you can get amazing sandwiches, Tim Hortons coffee and also there is a wine store just below. Service was great but the hotel needs a renovation, desperately. The hotel Place D'arms and W are a better choice in Montreal.	
Jan 10 2009 	Very deceiving!! Don't trust staying there rooms get broken into!	We stayed at The Fairmont Queen Elizabeth for a special family occassion. A group of 30 were there for 4 nights. When we arrived, the check-in was very slow. The room was nice; the mattress was very hard. We asked the concierge for a few tips about shops and restaurants around the city. They claimed to have no idea about things around the city, but were very eager to promote the restaurants and shop located within the hotel. A number of our rooms (mine included) were broken into, and cash and credit cards were stolen. According to the credit card companies, attempts were made for &quot;big tickiet&quot; items at a local electronics store, as well as a gas station. Upon notifying the Hotel of this, they seemed somewhat disinterested that someone had broken into our rooms. They didn't seem to take us serious. They didn't want to take any responsibility. They didn't have our wallets dusted for finger prints, the didn't get into the lock records on the doors to have access information retrieved from the locks, they didn't offer any sort of compensation for inconveniences; little attempt was made to acknowledge that this had happened. They didn't offer a ride to the police station. To date, no resolution has occurred, and calls to the hotel get no response. It's over-rated, don't trust yourself or waste your time staying here.	
Jan 1 2009 	Long LIve the Queen	We spent a long weekend at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth to get away and see friends in Montreal. We were not disappointed with the usual fine Fairmont treatment. I booked the room on the website after receiving a great 3 night for two offer by e-mail at a very reduced nightly rate to start with, especially with the favorable exchange rate. I cannot emphasize enough that if you enjoy cities with Fairmont hotels join the Presidents Club. It is free and entitles you to free internet and local calls, free health club, and treatment like a special guest. You also get special e-mail offers of reduced rates at selected Fairmonts for selected dates. We checked in late the day after Christmas with a most friendly reception employee who gave us a lovely room with a marvelous view of the Cathedral from the 15th floor although our original booking called for a lesser room. I find that if you are nice, your timing is right, and you have the right person, you do very well at Fairmont with your ultimate room assignment. The room, though not that large, was nicely appointed, clean and nothing out of place. The bathroom, though smallish (a Fairmont trait it often seems), was fine, in excellent order, everything working with a strong shower. Plenty of towels. One day they will upgrade the television to flat panel but no matter. My wife needed a microwave to warm a heating pad for a problem shoulder and since, as was explained to me, it was for medical reasons and not for heating food which would have incurred an additional charge, was promptly provided at no charge. Robes were also promptly brought up as was a razor and shaving cream when I called to explain that I had forgotten my razor. The hotel is centrally located over the main train station with direct access to Amtrak, the subway, and the maze of underground shops that wind their way through downtown. We never ate at the restaurants, choosing to take a quick elevator ride two flights down to the numerous food shops surrounding the train station for my morning coffee and muffin (although there is a coffee maker in the room). The free (with President's Club membership) health club and pool were well equipped and maintained. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating our entire three night visit. The hotel is in easy two block walking distance to the St. Catherine Street shopping district among other attractions. I cannot really speak to how thin/noisy the walls might be based on some other reviews since the hotel was fairly quiet post-Christmas but we had no disturbances and it did not seem that this would have been a problem. The service was so complete that our first day, we received a reminder call to call housekeeping to advise them when our room could be made up since we stayed in our room until lunch time. I find few gaps in the Fairmont level of service having stayed at 5 separate Fairmont Hotels over the years, but the Queen Elizabeth may have had the best service of them all.	
Dec 9 2008 	great location if you want to be in downtown core	Got a great rate online and were very pleased to be able to go shopping, access the train station and metro without going outdoors. Great service: we forgot our daughter's stroller and they lent us one for three days.	
Nov 26 2008 	Decent hotel in a great city	Upon researching all the hotels in Montreal, I called the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth. They offered a great deal if I signed up for their President's Club. The location of this hotel is great. It is attached to the underground mall which I am sure is vital during bad weather. The front desk staff were very friendly and check in was easy. However, the room was like any other room in any other chain hotel. President's Club or not it didn't feel any different. Also our first night was a noisy one since our room overlooked a major street. The next morning the hotel staff were very accomodating and changed our room to one across the hall. Unfortunately we still didn't get a good night's rest considering you can hear your neighbors next door.Overall, the staff at this hotel were wonderful. The location is ideal and the breakfast in the restaurant was good. But if you are in a regular room and are a light sleeper you may want to reconsider.	
Nov 24 2008 	Very enjoyable stay	The long strike is well and truly over and everything was back to normal when I stayed.The staff are all very friendly and the foyer area is nice.The rooms are not huge but certainly large enough and the rooms clean and beds comfortable. The price was also fine.There is a great food court and shopping centre also attached to the hotel.I would stay there again.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great location shame about the strike	I have seen all of the previous comments about the effect of the strike . When we checked in the effect of the strike was clearly explained to us by the front desk .It would have been nice for the bar and restaurant to be open but it was no big deal for us .The staff serviced our room every day and the staff in the Montrelais for breakfast couldn't have been more helpful .The Concierge desk were superb-they got is in to 3 restaurants that had been recommended to us and were great with their advice about things to do .great location for going down to the metro .Also when we just wanted a small breakfast to take back to our room we were easily able to get take away from the numerous place down in the lift at staion level.	
Nov 10 2008 	We were so disappointed	We were very disappointed with our visit to the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth. The hotel was on strike - which we were not made aware of when booking our hotel stay. My husband and I were away for a romantic anniversary weekend and were deeply disappointed to find out that the staff was bare bones; the pool, sauna, hot tub and fitness centre were all closed; there was no room service; all the bars and restaurants in the hotel were closed and there was no maid service. They refused to give us our money back and when we were shown to our room, it was the tiniest hotel room I'd ever been in! Needless to say, all of this affected our 'romantic' weekend. We won't be staying there again.	
Oct 26 2008 	4oth Wedding Anniversary	What a gorgeous hotel! We have stayed here so many times we can no longer count and each time it is exquisite. I have to say that reading some negative comments about the cleanliness during the strike (labour disruption while we were there) I never found a problem. Our room was made up every day with clean towels and things put away. We actually asked them not to clean up as we knew how hard they were working. Upon our arrival we had a plate of little petit fours waiting in our room. How nice was that even during labour disruptions? Also the staff in the Montrealis restaurant each morning couldn't have been kinder. In fact, I saw someone drinking cafe au lait and asked if I could buy 4 bowls from them and they allowed me to. Also on our last day at the hotel we spoke with the cleaning staff in our room and 20 minutes later arrived a tray with Baileys, 2 glasses, 2 bottles of water and again a carousel of tiny baked goods wishing us happy 40th anniversary. We have nothing but WONDERFUL things to say about this hotel and hope to be back soon	
Oct 17 2008 	My favorite hotel ever	This is my family's favorite hotel of all time. It's a beautiful hotel in downtown Montreal, in the heart of (in my opinion) the best city in Canada. This hotel is connected to the train station (across the way) through an underground tunnel. It's also connected to the underground city and Metro the same way. If the weather is bad in Montreal, which it can be in the winter, you can walk underground to Catherine St or catch the metro without stepping outside.The rooms in this hotel are amazing..what can I say? It doesn't get better than a marble lobby and bathrooms. We are always given a corner room and they are spacious and everything is very high end, from the bedding to the robes to the linens.There is a wonderful pool and gym in the lower level. The pool is smallish but beautiful, and the gym is top notch and I've never seen it too busy. My very only complaint at this hotel was that my older daughter (20) was treated poorly when she took her younger brother to the pool and my husband and I went to the gym-on two different occasions-and by two different staff. She's a younger looking 20 yr old and they were rude..I was surprised at the customer service training and if it happens again I will mention it to staff. Aside from that, it's a great hotel in the heart of downtown. I've stayed many times-with and without kids and family and have never been disappointed.	
Oct 16 2008 	Fit for a Queen (or princess!!)	Excellent location right above train station. VERY convenient if taking AMTRAK back to New York City. Hotel workers were on strike, so there was no bellman to help with luggage and towels were located in the hallway by the elevator. Minor inconvenience. Excellent room with large beds, plenty of pillows and great big bathroom. Carpet was so &quot;gushy&quot; that I really enjoyed going barefoot !! Tons of room to walk around. Considering there was limited maid service, the room was spotless !! I have visions of a front desk guy in a suit cleaning the toilet and making the bed. Sick funny humor !! Great location above train station makes for easy access to food court in main terminal or walking through the underground passageway into the shopping mall's food court = handy for spending those last few &quot;loonies&quot; and getting more souveniers !! GREAT hotel, GREAT location, exceptional room and amenities !!	
Oct 15 2008 	Total hospitality failure. Zero stars	A Holiday Inn masquerading as a 4 star hotel. Location (above the central train station) is the one and only redeeming factor of this hotel.Obnoxious and intrusive staff was rude and unprofessional. I would never again stay here and could never recommend it to others. A real disappointment in an otherwise enchanting city and country.	
Sep 29 2008 	Not Good enough to be a Fairmont	I understand when you have labor issues that quality of service might decrease but the only person i was impressed with during my stay was the concierge. The front desk people were abrupt and due to the strike my room was not cleaned during my stay. It also was evident the cleaning stay did not clean the room based on basic standards because there was a candy wrapper under the bed and a bloody napkin under the end table... the view of Mont Royal was amazing but i do not think i would stay there again.	
Sep 27 2008 	Still a nice stay - regardless of the strike!	Stayed at the Fairmonth Queen Elizabeth for 2 nights in September, 2008. I felt bad crossing the picket lines to gain access to the lobby, but after flying through the night to Montreal, I just needed a room. The front desk staff were up front about the strike and gave us an opportunity to book somewhere else. We chose to stay and they gave us early check in. They were friendly and courteous, just as you come to expect from a Fairmonth property. Our room upon check in was clean and the beds were SUPER comfy.The best thing of this property is LOCATION! We walked everywhere - the shopping, Old Montreal, St. Catherine's, Crescent Street, Bell Centre... it was great! There were a couple of times I really wished they had room service, but due to the strike all the restaurants and house keeping were shut down.We didn't let the strike hinder our great time in Montreal - I still think the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth is a great hotel!	
Sep 23 2008 	Still The Best	Have stayed at many places in Montreal over the years, and the Queen Elizabeth still rates at the top, for value, convenience, size of rooms, cleanliness, and a young, top quality helpful staff. The rooms are spacious, without the signs of wear and tear in other prime locations. The various Concierge attendants were right on in their analysis of local restaurants, and were gracious, helpful and patient almost to a fault. The hotel warned me in advance about an ongoing strike, but other than picking up our own clean towels and making our own beds, a five minute chore, the staff on duty were incredibly helpful, accommodating and polite, and surprisingly quick to respond. The rooms were in perfect order when we arrived, and check in took no more than about three minutes. When I recently had a problem with internet service in a Boston hotel (at $1200 a night) it took hours for a staff member to appear and correct the problem, and internet service still cost an extra $12 a day there. But at half those room prices, Internet service at Fairmont's gorgeous hotels is free if you sign up for their President's Club (at no charge), and when I had a problem with a broken cable, they (despite the strike) appeared in less than five minutes with a new cable. Other hotels may have more attitude, but nothing beats the Queen in Montreal. Thank you again, Fairmont!	
Sep 21 2008 	Not Up To Fairmont Standards	A conference took me to Montreal on business mid-September.We knew that they were in the middle of a strike but decided to stay there because we were so excited to be staying at a Fairmont property. We managed just fine during the strike (even with no real housekeeping for six days). Towels and washcloths were stacked on tables on each floor. They did come in to make the bed a couple of days. No sheets were changed. Regardless of the strike, I would have been disappointed in this property. It is very dated and the rooms are in need of a major renovation. Dark, drab and very, very small rooms for such a high room price. It did not compare to the Fairmont properties that I have stayed at in the U.S. The location is indeed good. The staff was doing everything they could to make up for the strike. Next visit I would definitely stay somewhere else as I heard many comments from others at this conference that they were thrilled with their hotels....and there are many great choices in Montreal.	
Aug 31 2008 	Good under siege	We were at the hotel 27th to 29th August. Our room was delightful and regularly serviced through the strike. One has to sympathise with low paid staff working in hotels, and the strikers seemed pleasant enough, and their cheerful latin music on the pavement outside quite fun. The restaurants had to shut but breakfast was still served, really quite excellent, the work of 4 sous chefs who has still turned in. The management were splendid in doing their best to keep the hotel running for the the guests already booked in. Our breakfast waiters were impeccably suited management and seemed to rather enjoy being at the sharp end again and proving they could still do it. Many of the management were obviously working double shifts to keep the show on the road. The hotel returned to me the computer power lead I had left in the Royal York in Toronto, and part of my bill was deducted with apologies for the lack of service.Still very good..	
Aug 25 2008	Beware! At least during this work to rule	We are just finishing a stay here booked with no knowledge of the union trouble. Days go by without any room cleaning (they don't even bother telling you they can do it, they know it will not happen). People scavenging towels from cleaning carts that sit in the hallways unmoved for hours. Even the mini bars remain unattended (I watched someone pop out of a room grab a few beer from the cart (unattended for hours) and pop back into his room. No doubt he ran out in room!Royal Service line (through which you are forced to call to get anywhere - even to the concierge or front desk - takes 10-20 minutes only top route through to another line where you wait again. The Concierge here are the worst I have come across in many good hotels. They know nothing useful, are singularly unhelpful and provide (in our experience) information that is just plain wrong.It was a bit amusing at first to see the union members in shorts and t shirts (with the cap or name tag), but it lost its comedic impact after a while. The union employees seem intent on making your stay miserable. It is working.The hotel is just plain dirty right now. The people snarly. The feel is a bit primal....every guest for themselves.I have stayed here many times and this is bizarre. Until they solve their issues with the employees, stay far away.	
Aug 25 2008	Never again.	Nice suite in the corner on a high floor but other than that! Disgraceful. The Beaver's Club is classic but the casual restaurant is so overdone and the food is bad. It is so big, it has no feel to it. Location is pretty good for buisness but would not go back.	
Aug 24 2008 	Nice	A little late on my review but better late then never. Good place to stay. Clean, pleasant staff (even helped me with a little French, of course make sure you ask when it isn't busy). Good location although my agenda made me drive everywhere but that's not due to bad location. Night club in a high rise across the street brought interesting people into the area, also because it was a long weekend people were out playing. Parking was available at $25 a day. I tried my luck and parked on the street but the morning of the last day (labor day, monday holiday) I got a $150 parking ticket. OMG! 1) I guess parking restrictions apply on this holiday 2) there were separate signs for this restriction at 6-9 am aside from the other sign for restrictions for the rest of the day and don't forget the signage for the parking spot # and where to pay. 3 signs for one set of parking spaces. 3) the ticket was 5 minutes after 6 am so they must have been just waiting for us tourists to mess up, I wasn't the only one. 4) $150!!!! even in NYC isn't as steep. Not the hotels fault but shame on you Montreal!	
Aug 10 2008	Not so much	Stayed at the Fairmont in the midst of the hotel strike so this review might be a little tainted. All workers were on strike and the management was trying to fill in. Room was clean at check in, but never cleaned again. When I called for towels, shampoo, coffee, etc., it was brought to the room. The pool was closed as were the restaurants and almost everything else. We bought tickets for the hop on hop off tour (whick we really liked) at the desk and the women told us to be at the door at 11:30 and we would be picked up and taken to the start of the tour. Was there at 11:25, bus came at 11:40 and drove 2 blocks and dropped us off. He said the next bus would be there at 12:00 as we had missed the 11:30. A wasted 30 minutes as we would have just walked the 2 blocks over to the start of the tour and caught the 11:30. Arrival at the hotel is very confusing as you can not drop your luggage off at the door on street level. They direct you to an underground garage where you park. Since the valets were on strike, there were no luggage racks and you just unloaded your luggage, dragged it almost a city block to an elevator that took you to the main floor of the hotel. Then you had to transfer all your luggage to a seperate elevator to get to your room. We were exhausted and frustrated by the time we finaly got our key and went to the room. Room was just okay. Dirty carpet, coffee pot that didn't work, very tiny bathroom and an outdated television. The bed and pillows were wonderful! Location was great, but I would nover pick this hotel to stay in again. First time I have ever been disappointed with a Fairmont.	
Aug 7 2008 	arrived just as strike took its toll	We arrived on Tuesday August 5th and were warned upon checking in that there might be some &quot;sporadic&quot; problems with service due to the labor strike. We were told the rooms would be made up, and if we found ours unmade to please call. The restaurant was open and we were told the pool would be open most of the time too. Had a delightful high tea to celebrate our arrival in Montreal (delicious tea and scones). We never had any service to our rooms after that though. We were woken up by loud whistling and louder music, as striking workers gathered on the street directly below our room (which was on floor 6). I read below that someone who stayed on the GOld floor had no disruption to their service, but we did not find that, unfortunately. Management were friendly but what can you do if the staff walk out? I am sympathetic to the striking workers too, but my husband is annoyed that even though he asked if anything &quot;unusual&quot; was going on at the hotel (like construction, or anything else that could disrupt our stay) when he booked about ten days in advance, he was given no warning. The real problem with booking a family holiday (with young kids) where there is no room service, and the restaurants are closed (which happened about two hours after our check in) and where they don't warn you this is likely, is the jetlagged kids get hungry late at night and there is no food and no safe, comfortable way to feed them. I ended up luckily finding an open place in the train station (below the hotel) at 11 PM. The Fairmont management decided to open one restaurant for breakfast (buffet only) for a limited period in the morning the next day and did not post or bother informing guests in rooms (so we missed it). They did offer a free in-room movie (we got a message on our room phone that we were entitled to a free film), which is not much compensation when there is no service in the room, and the carpets everywhere are getting dirtier and dirtier. The people who stayed on duty were very nice, but really there was little they could do to make the stay comfortable. We felt the hotel management were not up front when we arrived and really downplayed the possibility of serious disruption to hotel services. Two days later we moved to a different hotel in Montreal. A word of warning, Fairmont is not the only hotel affected by this strike. Several other chains are too, so if you book in Montreal, make sure the strike has ended, or research your choice carefully before you book.	
Aug 5 2008 	Maybe next time	My family of three stayed at the Queen Elizabeth for one night and our experience was so so. The good things: location is close to Old Montreal,underground city, subway, &amp; Science Centre. The bad things: The hotel workers union was on strike (travel agent did not know) so the staff was hit or miss. Room service took well over an hour, forget speaking to the concierge and housekeeping was lacking.Our double room was small. There were crumbs on our bed/desk chair and the telephone was a mess. But it was only for one night so we delt with it. My daughter was disappointed with the pool(small,salt water) and the floor around the pool was a health hazard. The buffet breakfast was good and it was included in our rate. We would like to stay in Montreal again, maybe at the Ritz.	
Aug 3 2008 	More than satisfied	I was extremely satisfied with my stay at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth in Montreal. I booked with WhataHotel, and my room was much nicer than the room I had booked myself just six months earlier. The staff is courteous and the location is excellent.	
Jul 29 2008 	A charmer	We stayed at The Queen for six days attending a conference and thought the hotel was really quite lovely. Because they had some work stoppage, the service was not up to speed, although management did try very hard to make our stay a positive one. The room was very nice with a good view and quite adequate in size. Fitness center was top-notch, too. Plenty of restaurants near by and a basilica across the street. All in all, a very nice stay.	
Jul 28 2008 	Beautiful rooms	We stayed here one night and really loved the decor of the room, perhaps on the smaller side but didn't really anything larger. Unfortunately, because of a strike, there was rubbish on the floor in the corridors as well as bed linens left by the housekeeping staff.Besides that, the location was great, very centrally located downtown and very quiet and comfotable. Staff were pleasant and helpful...I'd definitely stay again	
Jul 26 2008 	Fairmont Gold is Golden	My wife and I spent two nights at the Queen Elizabeth in a Gold room. This is our third time at this hotel, but the first time on the Gold floors. It was magnificent.Note that this was during the labour disputes/negotiations underway, so we had expected subpar service and things not being done, etc. But to the contrary, service was excellent.We drove up and was greeted promptly by a doorman who stole a quick look at my luggage and called me by name. Pretty cool. Then we took the private elevator (for Gold floor only) to the Gold floor reception. Very quick and personal service. The person knew right away this was our third stay. Nice to be thanked for &quot;coming back.&quot;Room was not as large as I thought it'd be (website says room is 375 sq ft. -- that can't be. But it's not small by any means). Bathroom was smallish, but okay. Room was very nicely and tastefully furnished, in subdued gold and dark brown tones. Electronic safe had &quot;technical difficulties&quot; during our stay. Coffeemaker in room. Large workdesk, sitting area. Very spacious for two. Our room looks out the west, and right on top of the cathedral next door. Nice view of Blvd Rene Levesque at night.Breakfast is included, and their idea of continental includes crepes, scrambled eggs, all sorts of fruit, cold cuts, smoked salmon, pastries, oatmeal, etc. Very nice spread.From 5-7 each evening there's a large spread of goodies, such as sushi, smoked salmon, pastries, and many other delicacies. You can literally have dinner there.BTW, all day, till 11 pm you can get drinks, water, soda, coffee, tea etc in the lounge.Service attitude was excellent.All in all, a most enjoyable stay.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great Location	My husband and I (2 ex-Montrealers) came back to visit the city July 7-10. We had booked a regular room but were offered an upgrade to the Gold level for $50 (a day). We stayed on the 19th floor and our room was newly renovated. Gold service included a private lounge with a fabulous view that serves breakfast, evening snacks, cold drinks are available through the day/night. Internet service is free, maid service twice daily and newspaper of our choice. There is also a concierge desk with very helpful staff - you don't need to go to the main lobby to check out.The room itself was nice &amp; had a great view - however there were not enough drawers/storage space. We were okay with it, but if you want to watch TV most of the channels are in French. One amusing thing - the lobby. Both my husband and I had our high school graduations here (we're in our 40's) and the lobby decor is still the same! Possibly the same as when John and Oko stayed here too? Didn't affect us as we did not hang out there.Location - we picked this hotel for it's great location - you can walk to Old Montreal, all along the underground (Place Ville Marie, Eaton Centre, Place Montreal Trust, etc.) and St. Catherine Street. Plus the train station (Central Station) is right downstairs, nothing to walk to the Metro or catch a bus and there are tons of cabs available. We plan on staying at the Queen E again next year.	
Jul 11 2008 	Great Hotel	We recently returned from a weeks stay at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth, where we enjoyed a beautiful junior suite for $330 per night. The suite included a bedroom, sitting room, two baths, robes, and a great view. (We had initially booked an &quot;apartment&quot; elsewhere in the city - but upon arrival found that it was not accurately represented by the photos posted on the website.) As this was not acceptable to us, we called the Fairmont and received great service from the reservationist. When we arrived at the hotel our suite was not ready, which was fine since we had just called 15 mintues earlier. Pascal, the front desk clerk who took great care of us, gave us two free drink coupons for the bar while we waited. The staff were very friendly and accommodating.The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance to Vieux Montreal and directly above the central train station. The station, which has great bakeries and coffee shops, is connected to the vast underground shopping mall.The hotel has a great fitness center with several treadmills, elipticals, and strength training equipment. There is also a pool, which was a bit cold for me, a sauna, jacuzzi and whirlpool. The hotel offers tea service in the afternoons in the lobby, which was quite fun. We ordered room service twice. They were prompt, the food was the correct temperature, delicious and beautifully presented. We enjoyed our stay there very much.	
Jul 9 2008 	Very disappointed	This was not at all what we had expected it would be. Upon our arrival, we were advised that the hotel was in the midst of a labor strike so that there were very few services available - even though we had paid for &quot;Gold&quot; level service - whatever that was supposed to mean. When we realized that we had paid for services which were totally unavailable, we requested a room change and were moved to the 21st floor. Clearly, any renovations that this hotel may have begun have not gotten up there. The carpet was an interesting shade of pink and I was not comfortable walking around without flip flops. The curtains and bed cover were very obviously remnants from the 80's. The furniture was beat up and tired looking. Not at all a comfortable place to stay and if you are in Montreal to see the sites, I would not recommend at all. It is not close enough to anything to make this tired place worth the stay.	
Jul 8 2008 	Beautiful Hotel and Clean Room and Great Location	We stayed here during the Montreal Jazz Festival. The GoodOverall the room and bathroom was clean. Nice appointments such as the furniture, and robes in bathroom. The downtown location gave easy accessibility to the Jazz Festival (10 min walk) and train station (next door). The hotel lobby was nicely laid out with restaurant and tourist shops.The Not so Good Room was a little smaller than used to for a hotel of this rating and class. Did read prior reviews from Tripadvisor guests who stated the same thing before booking. The hotel workers joined the strike of hotel workers in many hotels in Montreal and as you can imagine service was not present for changing rooms and handling bags. Fortunately for us we were checking out the day the strike happened. However I did see management step up and try to bring luggage to rooms and carts were left out in the hallway for fresh towels, soaps, etc.	
Jun 22 2008 	Will not be back there!	Not at all what I expected for a 5 star hotel! I have traveled all over the world for business and this stay cost a lot more for a lot less than I have had at any other 5 star hotel. Firmly believe you get what you pay for (and don't mind paying for it), except for this time! Rooms were small, renovations not complete (at least I hope not, as the bathroom really needs it), carpet in the hall ways were hazardous with bulges. Definitely not the cleanest.I was at the Fairmont Queen E for a conference, stayed eight nights. After the fourth day I realized that the red bumps (which scabbed up quickly) only around my neck and head and in my ears - each morning, were bed bug bites. The hotel staff tried to convince me that it was due to allergies of the laundry cleaning chemicals (in which they changed the bedding with new cleaned in vinegar/water) and advised me to talk to a doctor when I get home. I did and was confirmed bed bug bites. I was refused any kind of compensation for this.The best part of the stay was the location. Handy to everything else you could possible need (sites, shopping, culture, night life &amp; food) and most of the staff were pleasant . The tours were informative. The spa was fabulous! and would highly recommend that spa, only I would stay elsewhere.	
Jun 13 2008 	Very Nice	Hotel is very conveniently located and walking distance to old Montreal. Given the reputation of this hotel, I was a bit disappointed. The carpet in my room and in the elevator lobby on my floor (20th) were buckled and needed to be stretched. It would have been easy to trip. I also found the room to be quite warm, in spite of the a/c being on.Everything was clean but just not the calibre that I expected. My expectations were just too high, I think.	
May 17 2008	It was nice! worth checking out!	Fairmont QE was centrally located in the heart of Montreal. My husband and I stayed here for three days (for conference). Although the rooms were small, it was very comfortable. I liked the fact that we could walk everywhere and it was also very close to museums and shopping. The only downside is that everything at the hotel was very expensive - $12.50 for drinks, $8.50 for a bottle of Evian, and $1.70 for a snickers bar. Otherwise, I would recommend this hotel..	
Apr 20 2008 	Gold floor--gold service	The Queen Elizabeth is a charming hotel in a fantastic location--close to businesses, restaurants, and shopping. The gold floor is modern and comfortable. The lounge offers appetizers and breakfast daily. It also has views of the city and internet access. The service is excellent and we would highly recommend the gold floors at the QE Montreal to anyone.	
Apr 18 2008	Not what it used to be	As a business traveller, I used to stay at the at the Fairmont all the time. This is now the second time in a row at the Queen Elizabeth where I had to change room in the middle of the night. Trying it again, this time, the room was quiet, but an alarm in an empty room next to mine woke us up at 6am. The pool downstairs was full with a group of bikers, and there was a dirt ring of 5 cms around the jacuzzi. Our diner last night with room service was mixed up, and therefore was 45mn late, and at breakfast, the coffee never was served before we left... Finally, as I walked to my room tonight, security was on the floor as there were guests smoking, swearing in our of the rooms... The hotel seems ripe for party goers, not for business travelers or families... avoid if you are in either situations !	
Apr 17 2008 	Over rated Hotel. Save money and stay elsewhere. Not 5 star quality.	This hotel claims to be a 5 star hotel, but really is just an ordinary hotel inside. The rooms are plain and are small. Parking is by valet only and is run by an outside company that hires rude and unclean people. The valets are rough on the vehicles and don't be surprised to get a scratch on your vehicle. What you should know...$15.00 a night for internet service,$26.00 a day for poor valet parking service,$1.50 per local call,rude valet and hotel staff, andhousekeeping cleans the room early in the morning (be prepared to put a do not distribute sign up before you go to bed). I would rather stay at the Holiday Inn Express and save $100 a night!!!!	
Apr 14 2008 	Weekend at the Queen Elizabeth	We had high hopes of this hotel. having just stayed in the Fairmont in Mont Tremblant. It is a very nice hotel and there are many positives about it, but it is not perfect. The rooms are fairly small and the bathrooms tiny, but very nicely done and probably as expected for a city hotel. The driver who brought us from Mont Tremblant told us that this was the best hotel in the city for service, but we found one or two aspects a little disappointing. First of all, there was a lovely selection of Fairmont teas in the room but no kettle. We had to ask twice before a kettle was produced and it seemed to take forever. When the staff member brought it, we had realised that our heating was not working, but she tried to fob us off and we had to be very firm until she agreed to look into it! (The room was cold and it was snowing heavily outside.) It appeared that the computer control had been switched off, so there was no problem once that was sorted out. Despite the fact that there were three of us in the room, we only got 2 cups and had to ask for a third, then the maid took it away on our second day so we had to ask again! A minor issue, but irritating. Surely they know who is staying in a room?The public areas in the hotel are beautiful and the staff on reception very helpful. On Sunday when the business centre was closed, the receptionist checked us in for our flight and printed our boarding passes, saving us lots of time.The food in the bar was excellent and the staff really helpful and friendly.The hotel is really well situated and sits on top of the railway station and an excellent shopping mall with a really good food court. We got an excellent breakfast in the station for $20 for three people.The old port is about 20 minutes walk from the hotel and the main shopping street 5 minutes away.The main downside was that it is a very large hotel and tended to be noisy. There was always a door slamming somewhere along the corridor and the lifts were always crowded.Overall a really enjoyable stay in Montreal.	
Feb 24 2008 	Not what I expected...	Stayed over for one night - business trip. I stayed on the 20th floor. It was not what I expected. One out of four lamps worked because of burnt out light bulbs. Office space was too small. The desk was tiny and positioned in an odd way that did not allow you to watch TV (even thou the TV was pulled out and slightly rotated). The decor in the room was old and stale. The marble bathroom felt like it was designed for a tiny person. The sink was small with hardly any counter top space. I was truly expecting more out of this hotel since it holds the &quot;Fairmont&quot; name. I was quite disappointed.The good thing about this hotel was the location.	
Feb 18 2008	Gold Service - Nice but the rooms are very small	My wife and I booked into the Fairmont Gold section of the hotel on the 19th Floor. The room cost around 350$ for one night. The service was very good however, the room was ridiculously small with a bathroom that was tucked away like it was a closet. The room was a suite and was meant to be one of the bigger rooms. I have stayed in larger rooms in a travel lodge. The four poster bed was nice, however the television was placed in such a location that from one side of the bed you couldn't watch it as the bed post was in the way. A maid walked into the room when we were in there, didn't even knock. I was glad to leave the hotel to be honest and wouldn't stay there again.	
Feb 10 2008 	Very good experience at Queen Liz	I was here for two nights before returning home to Calgary. I got a suite upgrade and the stay was fabulous. The hotel is walking distance to good shopping and food. It was also close to the Latin Quarters and Chinatown. The suite had 1 full bathroom inside the bedroom and 1/2 bathroom in the living room area. Miller Harris toiletries as per usual Fairmont Standards. The gym facility was spacious and clean. I noticed that the hotel staff found it unusual for me to request afternoon tea sent to my hotel suite as it is quite customary in the other Fairmonts in western Canada.Hotel staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly =)	
Jan 29 2008 	Great Location	We stayed at the Fairmont hotel for 3 nights and found that it was in a great location. We went in summer, so walking everywhere was no problem. Its only a 2 minute walk to Saint catherine st and about a 15 min walk to the old town. The staff were friendly and helped get us around. We never ordered room service because there were plenty of places to eat around town. Breakfast was great. Would recommend staying there if you want to be central to everything.	
Jan 22 2008 	Good location but pricey	I stayed here on business for 3 nights in December 2007. The hotel is in an excellent location, connected to an extensive underground mall and close to transportation (train, subway, lots of taxis). The main shopping streets are also very close by. So are a number of good restaurants. The dining in the hotel is ridiculously expensive, so I'd skip eating there and just go outside. I had one of the recently renovated rooms, so was quite satisfied with the accommodation. But for the price, it certainly wasn't exceptional.Overall - Overpriced food and accommodation, but well located and clean and quiet.	
Jan 15 2008	Well...Well...	Well...My kid's love staying at a Fairmont Hôtel ... Château Frontenac.... We decided to try the one in Montréal...QE... I guest the employes don't have the same contract because...It certainely didn't feel the same... The room was nice..except the bathroom floor did need some dusting... Certainely the Château Frontenac has a better Valet and Concierge service by far...	
Dec 19 2007 	Loved the QE	We were arriving by train, and the location is just phenomenal! It was in winter, and its easy access to the underground meant that we could walk everywhere in comfort. Our room was mid-sized, spacius enough for two, and quite nicely decorated. Great view too! The hotel lobby was quite spectacular. We would definitely recommend this if you're visiting Montreal.	
Dec 16 2007 	Very convenient stay	We stayed here recently for six nights since my husband had a conference on the premises. He said the conference facilities were good. The check in was friendly and efficient.They gave us a room with the criteria we requested, however we didn't realize how small it was. If one doesn't mind a cozy room it would be fine. But for my husband who has claustrophobia it was not suitable for the length of time we'd be staying. (I must admit that it was even smaller than any rooms I've stayed in when traveling in Europe) So we requested a switch to a larger room. Fortunately one was available, and they gladly switched us. We were very happy with our spacious and comfortable larger room on the top floor with a nice view. The restroom was on the small side but it was adequate enough. As a member of the Fairmont club we also were not charged for the Internet connection and had free local phone calls and a newspaper delivered. We consulted the concierge for restaurant suggestions/bookings during our stay and they were all very professional and helpful. We ate at the Montrealis (one of their hotel restaurants) a couple times during our stay and were very satisfied. Great salad and dessert bar. They also have a five star restaurant in the hotel that we considered,however we did not try. On the lower level there is a health club with up to date exercise equipment, spa and indoor pool. I did use this a couple times and was glad it was there. There is a gift shop off the lobby where you can also get beverages and yummy pastries. One big advantage of this hotel is its location. There is an underground city right below the hotel with food courts, boutiques, etc. so it is convenient to not have to go outside in the winter. I liked the option of grabbing a reasonable breakfast there instead of eating in the more expensive hotel restaurant every day. The hotel is also above the train station. If you stayed here during the summer where it is more pleasant to walk outside you could walk to Old Montreal, or other sites downtown. Finally the check out was quick and efficient. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again, as long as I could be assured we'd get the same sized room.	
Nov 26 2007 	No Bang All Buck	This hotel has one saving grace: the location. When we first arrived at the hotel with our group the hotel had butchered our reservations. We had a total of three rooms, two of which were to be occupied the day myself and my two friends arrived. The hotel had listed my reservation as starting the previous day and had listed me as a no-show. My friends' reservation was correct but our reservation for a third room beginning the day after was not listed. After 45 minutes of trying to explain the situation and showing the confirmations for the rooms we had one of the two rooms. My two friends had to wait for their room.  The actual room was tiny. The bed was worn and not-luxurious at all. Internet use costs 16 dollars a day on top of the 200 dollar room charge. I was also charged 1.50 to make a call to a restaurant 6 blocks away. The mattress was hard and the linens were what one would expect in an Army barracks. The bathroom is another story. It was small and cramped. The toilet was about one inch from the vanity making any use of it unpractical. I requested another room and it had the same problem. The tub was cracked and chipping around a drain that did not function properly. The bathroom also does not have ventilation.  The Beaver Club is a nice restaurant but apparently they serve their shrimp rare in the shrimp cocktail. Gooey shrimp is not my idea of fine dining. The bar attached to the restaurant is actually very good. Daniel the bartender is quite the expert on Quebec beer and that made the nights enjoyable.  All in all find another place to stay in Montreal.	
Nov 26 2007 	Room Service Forgot About Us!	I feel I must state that at the time of my trip, I was working for a sister company of Fairmont and booked this hotel at the employee rate of approximately $59. Normally this wouldn't matter, but the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth made me feel like I wasn't worthy of staying in their hotel because of the rate I was paying and where I work. With that said, I'll give a quick recap of my trip.My husband and I took the train in from Toronto on the weekend of December 15, 2005, to celebrate an anniversary. The location of this hotel is absolutely perfect for those travelling by train. Our train arrived around midnight and it was great to just go on upstairs to the lobby. Check-in was a bit slow, but there were quite a few people checking in at the time so that's understandable. We got to our room and we weren't overly impressed or unimpressed. It was just a room. I agree that the bathroom was a little tight but it didn't really bother us much.When we got checked in and got settled, we called room service to see if they were still open and taking orders. They were so we placed an order. After 5+ hours on a train without a decent meal, we were quite hungry! We were told it would be about a 45 minute wait and that they were quite busy. Not a problem, that's how long it takes a pizza to get delievered so we waited. An hour or so goes by and I make a call to see how much longer it'll be. I got snapped at on the phone that they were busy and it would be up soon. After waiting another hour (!!!), we gave up and went to bed, too tired to really care at this point.The next morning, I went to the front desk to complain. Now I must say this, I am not normally a complainer in hotels or restaurants (I can probably count on one hand the amount of times I've &quot;complained&quot; about something) but I felt the staff needed to know this oversite. Working in hotels myself, I know I hate it when I get comment cards back from people with all these complaints and not once did they say anything to the front desk in order to get the complaint rectified or compensated. When I mentioned it to the girl at the desk, she brought up my reservation and made a face. She then said, &quot;Well you work in a hotel. You should know how it is.&quot; I couldn't believe she'd say that! I would never, ever say that to a guest who was paying an employee rate. Yes, I &quot;know how it is&quot;. I understand that room service gets busy, but they didn't even bother to come, or call us to let us know when they'd be coming. After talking with her some more, I managed to get a free breakfast for that morning for both me and my husband but I was still not impressed with the way she handled the issue.The rest of our stay was very nice. We loved the location of the hotel. Being that we were there in December, it was very cold and snowy so it was nice to walk around and shop underground. After exploring for a bit, we went back to the hotel to drop off our coats and went shopping without them, which was nice.We didn't eat dinner in the restaurant, as we had dinner at a local friend's house so I can't comment on that. Breakfast was fine.All in all, we had a decent time in Montreal. We would love to go back (preferably in the summer months!) and stay longer (two nights just doesn't cut it when you arrive at 12am the first night and leave at 7am the last day), but would I stay at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth again? No I wouldn't. Maybe if I were paying the full rate, I would've been treated like an actual guest, but I believe that hotels should treat all of their guests equally, regardless of how much they are paying per night.	
Nov 8 2007	Amazing Hotel !	I recently stayed here for a romantic 3 day getaway with my wife. The stay was amazing, the hotel is beautiful and the service is top notch, we booked online using restomontreal.ca and the deal was impressive !FYI:[--]	
Nov 6 2007 	Not worthy of the Fairmont name	I've stayed at a few Fairmonts around the world and have come to find them to be very nice in general and, as a result, expected a certain degree of service and amenities at this hotel. I was very disappointed. The first problem was that there were at least 20 people in line to check in when we arrived. I realize that this Fairmont is very large, but a line of that length at a Fairmont just isn't acceptable. The next (and main) problem was the rooms were drab, tiny and just depressing. I've stayed in small hotel rooms before, but the hotels managed to make up for this with luxurious linens and really nice rooms -- this concept has not caught on at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth. The beds were extremely uncomfortable and had the thinnest sheets I've ever encountered. The other furniture was very dated as well and the sink in the bathroom was badly scratched up. The room also had a strange and unidentifiable smell. Also, while housekeeping was good at cleaning the rooms, I found an extra keycard to our room (not ours as my husband and I both had ours) in the hallway. I'm assuming it had been left behind by the previous guests. The most disturbing part was that the keycard still worked and had been in the hallway outside our door all night. The only good part was the bar downstairs that offered a wide range of tasty cocktails to enjoy while listening to the piano player. I will never stay at this hotel again and recommend you avoid it if possible.	
Nov 6 2007 	Beware of Valet Service	I stayed at this Hotel in October for 5 nights and was very disappointed with all aspects of my stay. First of all the room I had was old and not renovated. The bedspread and mattress were old, the carpet was soiled and the bathroom dreadful. On top of all this, I had parked my car using the hotel valet service and discovered that my Ipod was missing from my vehicle. When I reported this incident to the hotel they were quick to brush off all responsibility to the hotel parking lot lease holder. I was extremely disappointed with the way the hotel management handled the entire situation. Bottom line they didn't care which made matters worst.If travelling to Montreal I strongly suggest you stay elsewhere.	
Oct 31 2007 	Not what I expected	I stayed at this hotel hoping for a typical Fairmont stay. That is usually very good. This time unfortunately, I was disappointed. The common areas of the hotel were beautiful but the room I was put in was very dated and in need of renovation. I was staying there because it was one of the convention hotels. The carpet was old and not particularly clean, the room small, and the noise next door came through loud and clear. On the other hand the restaurant the Montrealais was wonderful and I would highly recommend it to anyone seeking a great restaurant experience in Montreal. All three of us had rack of lamb and were not disappointed. For only a dollar more we had the salad bar,dessert bar and coffee.	
Oct 31 2007 	Get an UPDATED room!	While there are some definite pluses to this hotel, they can be outweighed by a depressing room that is in need of renovation. We paid, including taxes $297 per night and this got us a room on the 16th floor. I had requested a high floor with a view of the cathedral and we got that. But the 16th floor is one of the floors that has not been redone and we should have asked to be moved! The sink was all cracked, the carpet through this floor looked worn, and it was not the greatest way to start a vacation....even the 1606, our room number, was crooked on the door! We noticed that when the elevator would stop on different floors, that some looked quite nice (all the good reviews you read are probably from those floors!)The reason we stayed there was because we were going to take the train to Quebec and that was a wonderful feature. We simply took the elevator to that level. You an also access the subway under the hotel along with lots of food courts and shopping. We enjoyed all of that, and also the good location for shopping downtown and not too great of a walk (but not too close either) to the old section of Montreal.We ate dinner in the old section at Cafe Bonaparte and would recommend that highly. We chatted with a couple who were staying at the hotel Auberge Bonaparte, who were very happy with their choice. If we were to go back, that is the property that Iwould chose. If you go to the Queen Elizabeth, just be sure you get an updated room and I think you will enjoy your stay!	
Oct 30 2007	Lennon Suite a Blast	I stayed in the John Lennon Suite and took the entire package including: pyjamas, music, menus, limo and rose petals. This is an example of a room that costs a few dollars but where the experience matched the price.The room is exciting and the service I received from this stay was exceptional. It was a real moment to be able to spend a night in a room where Lennon recorded 'Give Peace a Chance'Overall, very pleased.	
Oct 16 2007 	This is a 4-start hotel?	Was shocked to see that so many rooms in this hotel have still not been rennovated after nearly 3 years (the last time I stayed here...and they were rennovating then). The lobby is quite deceiving as it is of 4 or even 5-star caliber. The rooms, however, are quite dated and desparately need to be addressed. They are working on this, but how long can a hotel take? On the positive side, the staff is very friendly.	
Sep 21 2007	Great Location!	The Queen Liz is a very comfortable stay if you get it at a resonable rate. I booked it through expedia and was given a nice discount. Its very close to it all (St. Catherines St. / Peel Street) and sits atop the Montreal train station where there is also a mall with shops and lots of breakfast / coffee options. The service at the hotel is top notch and very friendly! Valet parking was very quick and can be found in back of the hotel at a resonable rate of $26 canadian a day. I would stay here again!	
Sep 20 2007	great position but overall disappointing	The fairmont is definetely in a great position, right in the heart of downtown Montreal. It has underground access to shopping centers, the subway and train station. But overall, I don't think this hotel is really upto its costs. The rooms are large but not particularly clean (the carpet was patched with stains and furniture covered in dust) and the bathroom was pretty worn out, with broken marble tiles and an old shower. Service is high quality, but then again I really can't justify a 4 star hotel asking for an extra 3 dollar payment for check-out luggage storage, which should be included in a 4 star service.	
Sep 15 2007 	Great location very nice hotel	We booked within 2 weeks of our trip and couldn't get one of the 'romantic' hotels, but this was just fine. Very clean, helpful, but small rooms and bath. Centrally located. 10-15 minute walk to the old city, 5 minutes to shopping on Rue St Catherine and 15 minutes to the museums on Sherbrook. There was someone in the gym to explain the equipment and great help at the concierge. Just beware that breakfast can be very expensive. We took one look at the price, and went down to the the train station food court for a good hot breakfast for 2 for about $10. Also there's coffee shops on almost every corner and many cafes. Enjoy, this clean, friendly hotel in a clean, friendly city.	
Sep 5 2007 	Service exists at reasonable cost!	Fairmont hotels have always had impeccable service, but at a premium cost. The Queen Elizabeth in downtown Montreal breaks that tradition. My recent stay there was as expected - no detail was too small, but the price was well under the norm for the area.I had a standard room that was in the &quot;refurbished&quot; category. It was cozy, but the bright colors and furnishings were well suited to the room to make it seem larger than it was.The service could not have been better. In fact, I needed a quick beard trim to keep from looking like a goat. My trimer was dead, so I went down to ask the belman where I could get a couple batteries at 6am. He told me to wait a minute, while he picked up the phone. I was surprised, when about 2 minutes later another bellman shows up with the batteries - at no charge!Yes, I'm going back to Montreal, and yes, I will return to te Fairmont.	
Sep 4 2007 	Wonderful stay	We arrived at the Fairmont exhausted after a full day of work and travel. The agent at the desk was extremely helpful and accommodating to our request. After a couple minutes wait for her to accomodate our request, she felt she had delayed us and offered us complimentary breakfast!! What a welcome.The hotel was very classy and clean, staff was wonderful and friendly. We stayed during the holiday weekend so maybe not as hectic with conventions. The underground was nice even though it was closed for Labor day. Very convenient to metro.Our visit to Montreal was superb, the highlight was the wonderful place to come back to everynight for rest. I also took advantage of the well-equipped gym, and saw many people enjoying the pool.	
Aug 29 2007 	The Queen Elizabeth was great!!	A very good hotel, the rooms were excellent . The large windows in the rooms provide an excellent view and very good lightingWe had two rooms overlooking the city and in the afternoon it started to snow, the view was awesome!!!!The restaurant in the hotel is a bit expensive for the quality of food they provide!! Breakfast which was included with our room was very good although the selection was a bit dissappointing compared to the other Fairmont Hotels we had stayed in!Overall I would recommend this hotel but have dinner some other place!!Rooms very clean, service excellent and staff very friendly!!	
Aug 28 2007 	Wonderful Hotel stay on Gold floor	We were staying at the Omni which was horrible- so we previewed a king room on the Gold floor (19) and decided to move- our rate was $289 per night well worth it- Wonderful service- large daily breakfast and evening snacks- and our view and room were perfect- I think our room was almost double the size of their standard room- we had our own foyer- bar nice large marble bath- desk with two chairs- two club chairs with ottomans and a very comfortable king bed- I had worked in a luxury hotel for over 10 years- so I am picky regarding cleanliness and staff attentiveness and both were wonderful- The restaurants are also very good- the pool was nice and the jacuzzi and steam room were good as well- They have a nice gym- The weights seemed to be a liitle on the worn side- but the place was clean. I did not want to leave this Hotel- I had such a great stay!	
Aug 27 2007 	Better Times at the Queen Elizabeth	My wife and I had a wonderful stay at the Queen Elizabeth in Montreal. We stayed on the 21st floor (top floor) and had a descent size room with a king bed. The city view was very nice, and the service was excellent. Overall, we had a better stay and experience at the Queen Liz than the Square Phillipe; although the Square Phillipe was also a blast. Make sure to check out our pictures of the square phillipe. Love, The Mud Masked Couple	
Aug 18 2007 	The Fairmont is a Great Choice	From start to finish a wonderful experience. Although the exterior of the hotel could use some updating, the interior is well maintained. The front desk staff was helpful and very friendly. Elevators were quick and efficient. The room was a bit on the small side, but with two double beds, a huge armoire and a table with one chair, there was still enough room to move around the room. The bathroom was clean and the hotel supplied amenities were excellent. The location of the hotel could not be better. Situated directly over the Via Rail Station and part of the Underground City, makes this hotel an excellent choice!	
Aug 13 2007 	NIce Hotel Great Location	Very nice hotel in a great location. Asked for a room on the highest floor possible (personal preference) with a king bed, and both requests were met. Friendly, knowledgeble staff. Walk to shopping and restaurants.Hotel is above main train station with access by elevator and esclator to shops and restaurants. Good options for a quick bite to eat and transportation. Easy access to Montreal Metro; closest station is Bonaventure. You can access the Metro without going outside. Nice when its very cold or raining.	
Aug 10 2007 	As you would expect	It's a Fairmont, not the most spectacular building in the chain, but has all the luxury and comfort you would expect. Great cental location, links to the underground network. As a tourist in town for a few days, i think you could get much better value elsewhere if you are out sight seeing most of the day, but a good choice if you want a touch of luxury. Bars, restaurants and room service expensive.	
Jul 29 2007 	Amazing Hotel	My wife and i stayed at the Fairmont Queen elizabeth for 4 days, first i always think it's funny how two seperate people go to the same hotel and have completly different views on the hotel. first we had a regular room on the 17th floor with an Amazing View. The buffet breakfest which my wife and i had twice couldn't of been better, they cooked the eggs right infront of me exactly the way i asked for it, the food was amazing at the hotel.As far as it being too crowded, i never really noticed it. The people at the hotel couldn't of been nicer helping us out with direction, the only draw back was the price of parking $26$ a day. oh well, the place was great can't wait to go back	
Jul 23 2007 	Not a typical Fairmont hotel	My husband and I just came back from Montreal and the Fairmont there turned out to be a big disappoinment. Since we are part of Fairmont president's club, we decided to stay the Queen Elizabeth without doing much research. I knew that there are many conferences going on in that hotel at a given time but I didn't realize how bad it was. The lobby is always crowded with tour groups blocking entrances. The elevators are always packed with guests. There are 1000 rooms and they only have 2 concierge working so there is always a 20 minute wait. The rooms are not equipped with safe deposit boxes, umbrellas and mending kits. When we asked to borrow an umbrella from the hotel, they told us to go to mall and buy one since they are all out of it. What ever you do, DO NOT order any room service. The Japanese breakfast we ordered contained rice that's not even done and tofu that's too rubbery to eat. The regular breakfast has been sitting around and the scrambled egg and sausage were very dry. I recommend going downstairs for breakfast buffet. We passed by the Ritz Carleton and dined in Bronte( I recommend Toque and Bronte very highly) in Meridien and they are better if you are looking for 5 star service. The lobbies of those two hotels are not crowded. You won't get the service and attention in Fairmont the Queen Elizabeth because there are just too many people staying there.	
Jul 17 2007 	It was OK	We had stayed there 13 years ago for a convention and stayed here again with the same convention. The room was probably the smallest room I have ever stayed in. The staff is wonderful the rooms are very clean and maintained very well. I probably would not stay there if I had to pay for the room because they are so small.	
Jul 6 2007 	Great service and location	You can't beat the Queen Elizabeth for convenience, great staff and overall service. The rooms are fine -- very clean and comfortable. Yes, they are on the small side and they are older in decor but that's no big deal -- it is an older hotel. Food and beverage are pricy but you can just take the escalator down to the concourse and their are many shops and cafes where you can get a reasonable breakfast and/or lunch. It's conveniently and centrally located. The staff are superior and well trained. You can't go wrong here.	
Jul 2 2007 	Great Hotel in central location	Booked the hotel through expedia &quot;moderate room&quot;. Room was very nice, with comfortable bed, clean, excellent service. Hotel is right downtown and connected to Central Train station, underground shopping, etc. You cannot go wrong with the Queen E...and remember, John and Yoko had their &quot;bed-in&quot; at the Queen E..Instant Karma	
Jul 1 2007 	Great location in Montreal ok rooms	We got a special deal on the internet for this 4 star hotel. I was quite excited because it had rave reviews as quite the posh hotel. When we got there we saw that the lobby was very fancy with doormen wearing white gloves, etc. We checked in and went to our room. I think we got the room that went along with the special internet pricing because the room was not all that exciting. It had a couch, a Queen size bed and a TV. Nothing special, I have stayed in better rooms in less-well reviewed hotels. There was nothing wrong or bad about it I just expected more. I have a feeling if we had paid the full room price we would have gotten a nicer room. The average clientele that we saw walking around were definately people with money so I assume they had a nicer room than us.The staff was very nice to us and very helpful with any questions we had. The hotel itself is in a prime spot in Montreal. There is a train station/Metro station right below it. Right in the train station is several small resteraunts if you want to get coffee, breakfast, or a quick bite to eat. There is an entrance to the Underground City right across from it and a few blocks straight up from the hotel is a resteraunt and shopping area. There are also a few fancy resteraunts right in the hotel but we did not go to them. The only thing that stinks about this hotel is you have to pay $24 a day for parking and its only valet. The parking is a bit confusing. We ended up parking in the wrong garage.	
Jun 26 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	We had a very nice stay here. We upgraded to the gold level, which was well worth the $50 additional charge. The staff is very friendly and helpful and our room was luxurious and very comfortable. The hotel's cental location is excellent, convenient to the historical &quot;old town&quot; as well as other areas of interest. The fitness center is well-equipped and available at no additional charge.	
Jun 26 2007 	Not as good as my previous stay	I stayed for one night recently, my 2nd stay within a half-year. I love getting off the train and taking the escalator directly into the hotel.I was given a Fairmont 3rd floor room overlooking a construction area, with a scaffolding platform lift resting just outside my window. As well, empty pop bottles and water bottles, dirty work gloves and socks (!) sitting in thick piles of dirt and dust, littered the terraced area outside the window. I asked for a room in which I could open the window without getting dust blowing in the room, and was courteously moved. Still, I was amazed that this room was even being offered to guests at C$291/night. In my new room, I was unable to set the alarm clock (the alarm hour button didn't work, only the minute button, so I could only choose a time from 12:00 through 12:59 as my wake-up time) but the wake-up call was prompt. Breakfast was excellent and room service was fine. But my shoes were not delivered at 7am as indicated. I waited awhile then called down around 7:45. My shoes arrived at around 8am. All in all, my experience was adequate, but not as good as I'd hoped. I just LOVE the location, and the food is good, but I'm seriously considering going back to the Westin. Sigh!	
Jun 24 2007 	Well done!	An excellent location for visitors to the city and a hotel that I frequent on business trips. My rating of above average probably is not all that fair in comparison to other hotels of this size. Given the Queen Elizabeth's number of rooms the service is as personalised as possible. My kudos to one or two of the check in staff who have recognised me on return stays and made me feel extra welcome!The pool and the workout facilities are great for a city hotel. Some of the rooms are a bit on the small side, but most are well decorated. Great shopping is nearby and there are some fantastic walks which the concierge can help you with. I recommend either going towards Mount Royal through the McGill University campus or heading south to Old Montreal and the Old Port. A great city to explore, lots of good museums - and the QE is a good base of operations.The food in the lobby lounge is better than one might expect and the service is prompt and very courteous. Would love to try the well reviewed fine dining restaraunt the Beaver club, but have yet to have the opportunity (and would note that it is frequently closed on weekend evenings...probably thanks to all the great restaraunts in Montreal).	
Jun 15 2007 	Great Location and Service	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Queen Elizabeth on a group rate for the Mondial de la Biere festival. Having said that, I did not drink quite enough to forget what the hotel was like! Luckily, it was quite nice. There was a small error upon check in - I had reserved an extended King room (I think that's what it's called) and there were two reservations under my name in the computer when I got there - one for a normal King and one for an extended Queen on a higher floor. I ended up taking the normal King since there weren't any extended Kings available. The lady who checked me in was extremely attentive.We got up to the room, on the 17th floor, and had a rather nice view. The windows could open a bit, which was nice to check what the weather was like before going out in the morning. As others have mentioned, the TV was a standard, older TV which, while it would have been nice were it plasma or something along those lines, we didn't really spend enough time in the room to use it too much. The bathroom was a bit small, but the space was utilized quite well. My only complaint was that the shower wasn't quite as luxurious as what I'm used to in hotels of this calibre. I was disappointed when I saw that the bed had no fluffy duvet or featherbed or anything of that sort, but the bed itself was actually very, very, VERY comfortable, so no complaints there! The doormen were also great, very willing to give us directions to wherever we were going. The valet was also incredibly fast. We'd call downstairs right before we were to leave, be down there just a couple minutes later, and it would already be there. some of the best valet service I've seen in a hotel.Another advantage was that this hotel is connected underground to Place Ville Marie, which has a large food court that serve plenty of breakfast items. One of our favorites was the deli serving up smoked meat sandwiches. How can you go to Montreal and not have smoked meat? (Unless you don't eat meat... in which case, I suppose you can pass!)One note that Americans should make before traveling to Canada is that you can no longer reclaim the taxes on your hotel. I hadn't realized this and was expecting to get some money back when I left, so now the stay was a little more expensive than I had originally anticipated. Also, one note about Montreal itself, if you like beer at all, be SURE to visit the Dieu du Ciel brewpub. It's just about at the corner of St. Laurent and Laurier, about an $11 cab ride from the hotel. The beers are OUTSTANDING, the service is great, and the brewers are extremely friendly and willing to talk to you about their brews.	
Jun 11 2007 	wonderful weekend at the QE	My husband and I took his parents to Montreal for a long weekend. We choose the Queen Elizabeth because of a good rate through our travel agent. The standard rooms on the 6th floor were very nice. We liked being able to come and go with the car - to Olympic stadium and tower and to the top of Mount Royal. We also enjoyed exploring downtown on foot - especially the choices of restaurants. Don't miss the sculpture on McGill up the street on the right as you come out of the garage - &quot;The Illuminated Crowd&quot;.	
Jun 1 2007 	Great location but rooms are not first class	This hotel is in an great location above the train station and directly connects to underground system and metro. Rate through hotels.com was about half of listed price and well worth it. Although the hotel is quite nice overall, some of the floors (16th and 17th) seem overdue for renovation. The wallpaper was pealing and carpet was worn in our 16th floor room. The rooms are small by today's standards. Beds and linens were fine. Furnishings adequate. View was nice and floor was relatively quiet. Service very pleasant.	
May 22 2007	Not a family spot	Although this is a beautiful hotel and location for shopping is perfect, there is nothing here for a family to do on a rainy day.We've been to Montreal countless times and thought this would outdo all other locations. We were wrong. It is geared toward conferences. The pool is a simple pool, whirlpool was not working, hot tub was not hot.The rooms are clean (be sure to reserve one that has been renovated) and the staff are friendly. Food is pricey but again location underground is fine for eating.No simple nightlife when accompanied by a 12 year old. We often travel together and sit and enjoy a drink and music or entertainment or other (even people watch) or discussion with other people but this was not possible at the Fairmont. Nothing to do or see. Piano bar - starts later in the evening - not sure children were allowed in the lounge anyhow.	
May 21 2007 	Gold Floors Absolutely Wonderful !!!!!	My wife and I just returned from spending the Victoria Day weekend at The Fairmont Queen Elizabeth Hotel in Montreal. It was the best hotel experience of our lives. We stayed two nights in one of their Gold rooms on the 18th floor. The room was beautifully decorated, and it had a wonderful view of the cathedral and surrounding downtown. Arriving by train was great! We simply took an escalator and panoramic elevator to the Reception desk. Complementary breakfast, beverages throughout the day, and evening hors d'oeuvres in the Gold Lounge were all wonderful. The concierge staff was very friendly and thoughtful; and dinner at The Beaver Club was exquisite. Their maitre'd is now our standard by whom all others are measured. Shopping was great, both in nearby Old Montreal and in the City Underground (linked to the hotel).	
May 11 2007 	Avoiding the convention delegates	We spent a week here for our 10th wedding anniversary. Our celebration dinner at the Beaver Club was excellent - and it was nice to have a cake made for us, as well as the souvenir photo. Staff were great throughout the stay. The room was well designed and comfortable. The location is superb, as other guests have written - we definitely eschewed the hotel breakfast for the fantastic &quot;Deli Planet&quot; down in the food halls under the hotel. Our day trip to Quebec was very good, and coming 'home' on a train, walking a few steps and into a lift back to the hotel was a very relaxed end to the day.But, the hotel does take thousands of convention delegates, and I have to say: some of them were pretty obnoxious. We wanted to patronise the bar when the singer/guitarist was on - he was excellent, but drowned out by boorish delegates, who monopolise the lobby, bar, etc. The hotel management might want to think about putting very discreet,polite [i.e. very Canadian!] notices in the lifts, reminding guests to respect other guests' desire to sleep. We were woken several timesby delegates shouting along corridors, putting TVs on full blast at 5.45am, and generally behaving as though the entire building were theirs during 'their' conference.	
Apr 30 2007 	fairmont - fair deal	Booked the hotel through 'airmiles' in UK as offered best rate at time of reservation.Our stay co-incided with an extremely cold snap of weather with much slushy snow etc on the streets. Thus we were pleased to find the hotel warm. All the staff we dealt with were most friendly and helpful - especially the concierge who helped sort out excursions to Quebec city etc (day trip well worth doing!!)The room was standard size facing Mont Royal. I agree with other trip advisor comments that upper scale hotels such as The Fairmont should now have flat screen hd tvs in the rooms. The only other comment on the room was no extractor fan in the bathroom - thus it steemed up very easily.Travelling without laptop I used the business centre for internet access - charged at $4.00 plus tax per 15 minutes. Out of hours access is gained by collecting the key from reception.The location above the railway station and linked to the 'underground' city are excellent, making it easy to get around especially during bad weather. Certainly at lunchtimes the area is packed with office workers going for lunch - but quiet at other times. The extensive food court at the rail station offers an incredible selection of eateries for all tastes. Overall a good experience.	
Apr 23 2007 	Beautiful Hotel Outstanding Service	Spent two days weekend nights at the hotel with two adults and two young children.The room was very clean and furnishing were contemporary and showed no wear. Only complaint was that the room we stayed (Fairmont Room) was small, although we knew this going in due to the hotel website displaying the square footage of each room category online. Larger room options are available. High speed internet was direct connect only (a plug was already provided in the room). If I had been traveling alone on business (and more likely to have spent hours on the laptop), I would have preferred that wireless was available. TV was of the 27 inch picture tube variety. I know that some travelers are becoming accustomed to larger Plasma/LCD HD TV's at higher end hotels.Location was great, with easy access to the Underground City and the Metro. (Fortunately, we had warm weather and got to spend most of our time outside). As the hotel is about the main railroad station in Montreal, there were surprisingly strong and reasonably priced food options at Les Halles de la Gare, a collection of food vendors. Les Halles were only a two elevator side away from the room (One to go from the room to the lobby, and then to switch to a 2nd elevator located at the same elevator band to go to Les Halles). In all, you could from your room to the Les Halles in about 3 minutes.Service was consistently excellent: Concierge was helpful in attempting to locate a couple items that we had forgotten at home.Upon departure, bellhop was at our door within 2 minutes of ring down for assistance.Housekeeping was solid, although they did replace all of our towels even though we had hung a couple for re-use.Since we were traveling with young children and did not want to take cabs (no car seats!), we used the valet parking frequently. They consistently had our car for us in seconds, and were always polite in asking if we needed directions.Late night room service was solid, but unexceptional. Ordered late night table d'hote (sandwich, cup of soup, ice cream bar) which at C$19 was quite reasonable. A side of cake was an additional C$8.	
Mar 28 2007	Outstanding! Great Location!!	Wonderful experience! Friendly, helpful staff. Great safe location short walk to nearby shopping district. Room was spotlessly clean and up-to-date. Highly recommend it!!!	
Mar 23 2007	Long time ago but loved it	I visited this hotel with my family a few years ago. My father had planned the vacation, so I don't know rate details. However, as a family of 6, the hotel was very accomodating. The location was great, because we arrived by train. It was very easy to find, considering it's right above the train station. The room was very spacious and clean, just like the rest of Montreal. The staff were very friendly. My siblings and I very much enjoyed the pool. Also, the restaurant that was attached had very good food, and I enjoyed my authentic crepes. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 13 2007 	Try to avoid - Many better choices in Montreal	We checked in a room in poor conditions where we were disturbed untill late in the night drunk teens partying. I reported the noise situation, and informed the hotel manager of the poor condition of the room, nothing was done to rectify the situation or compensate us for the disturbance.  We were actually told the management apologized for the inconvenience, but it was not, in fact, their fault, as this was a busy weekend, and given the fact that the hotel had a lot of corridors with over 20 stories, it was accordingly difficult to monitor the property properly, and that I should call the front desk next time I was disturbed in the middle of the night. When we complained about our overall experience at the check-out, the front desk attendant offered us a free night stay to avoid any embarrassment from a crowded lobby of customers. As you'll guess this offer was not valid anymore once we left the promises.	
Mar 9 2007 	Great Stay at The Fairmont!	I stayed in Montreal for 5 days, 2 were at the Le Sheraton and 3 were at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth. The Queen definitely was the better of the two downtown Montreal hotels.I arrived early (12pm) for a 3pm check in...they were very nice and accomodating and got me into a room early. We had a great view from our window of the cathedral. The other view from the hotel is Mont Royal, but we didnt have the option since we were checking in early.The room is very nicely designed...but lacking one thing...a flat screen...it amazes me how many upscale hotels are still offering subpar entertainment for their guests. I stayed at a hotel with an lcd tv and it really adds to the room. The entire room (bed,pillows,blanket,desk,et center,lamps,curtains,bathroom) were all top notch, but the tv was stuck in the early 90s. Ok enough about the tv...the bed is comfy...yet small...they said it was a queen size...but I have a queen size bed at home and this was either a full or queen size at the Queen Liz is defined differently in Montreal.The high speed internet is $15 for 24 hours...thats your average price for internet in a room so it was ok.The bathroom is small, but it is very nice with black tiling and very nice wood tones. The toiletries were very nice with shampoo,conditioner,body lotion,shower cap and a shoe shiner (which you will need if you venture into Montreal's slushy dirty streets).I ate at one of their fine restaurants, Le Montréalais, for lunch one day and had the mexican sandwich, which was extremely good. Reasonable prices too for a very stuffy crod of people eating around us.I got two words for you...creme brulee...I had room service 2 nights in a row because it was so damn good...they arrive promptly (20-25 minutes) and show up with alot of goodies...you get alot for your money, an you will spend money...for my fiance and I we spent roughly $75CAD-$80CAD for each dinner...that includes a tip and taxes. We had the creme brulee and while Im not a desert nut...I have to say it was so good haha. Also try the hen off the menu...pretty good with bbq sauce and great choice of sides.The lobby is very elegant and welcoming...the lobby has an area with a fireplace, comfy couches,seats for reading or people watching and between 2:30pm-6pm daily you can have &quot;Afternoon tea&quot;. That includes tea in a china set,finger sandwiches, desert etc. We didnt get the tea but it looked nice.Another convenience is that the hotel is connected to the train station...just leave the lobby and take the escalator downstairs and you are in Montreal's major hub...and it connects to dozen of stores,restaurants and passageways to other parts of Montreal's undergound city. We were able to go shopping at the Eaton Centre without bringing our jackets in early March when it was one day -25F. WARNING: DONT VENTURE INTO THE UNDERGOUND CITY BETWEEN 11:30AM-1:30PM WEEKDAYS BECAUSE IT IS VEEEEERY CROWDED AND BUSY!I would definitely stay here again...recommend it when visiting Montreal and you want to splurge. But thats expected when you stay at a Fairmont chain. The staff was very friendly and helpful when we needed something (towels,toothepaste etc). MERCI!	
Mar 2 2007 	Convenient for a business trip but nothing special	The Fairmont Queen Elizabeth is in a very convenient location for a business trip. It is in the business district, on a major road and the train and subway stations, as well as a huge shopping mall, are connected underground.The one advantage of chain hotels is that you have some idea of what you will get before you ever arrive. I have stayed at other Fairmont chain hotels and this one was no different. The hotel is quite large and plush in a rather old fashioned luxury hotel type of way. When you enter either door, the reception area is not immediately within view, but the doormen and porters quickly direct you to the reception desk. Being in Montreal, the staff first greet you in French, but they are all bilingual. My French must have an obvious English accent since many of the staff switched to speaking English once they heard me speak.I had a room with a king bed. The special rate I received was $165 for the week night and $185 for the weekend. The room was reasonably spacious with room for a TV and mini bar cabinet, desk, and chair, large armchair and ottoman and space left over to set up a luggage stand. The bathroom was rather tiny. I find most hotels do not give you much shelf or counter space in the bathroom and this was no exception. Nice smelling shampoo, conditioner, bath gel and lotion were provided. They had a hairdryer, but no bathrobe or slippers.The bed was very comfortable and the room was clean. You can request turn down service in the evening. My room was away from the elevators, in the middle of a long hallway facing the main street. It proved to be a quiet room.Being there on business meant I did not get much opportunity to explore the hotel. There is a spa, pool and gym which I did not use. I had a late meal in the bistro, Montreal, and a lunch in the Voyageur bar. Both meals were fairly good but not cheap. Soup was $7 and a sandwich $14 at the Voyageur. The very top end restaurant, the Beaver Club, is located on the ground floor.The hotel room is set up for Internet, but I used the business centre located in the lower lobby. It costs $4 for each 15 minutes on the Internet, but when I did not take the full 15 minutes, they waived any charge.The staff are good at anticipating your needs. Taxis are hailed before you even ask, and at check out, someone was immediately on hand to see if I wanted to store my luggage until later.The hotel is also mid-distance, about 5 blocks, to the edge of Vieux Montreal and about 5 blocks the other way to Sherbrooke Street, which has places of interest and a high end shopping areas.I would recommend this for business travelers, but for pleasure, I prefer Vieux Montreal boutique hotels.	
Jan 24 2007	Excellent Fairmont Property	Excellent property. Great location for those arriving by train as it is literally on top of the train station. Historic hotel (despite being fairly modern in design) and site of John Lennon's famous Bed-In. All-around beautiful property with top-notch staff. Hotel has undergone major renovations in recent years and all of the common areas, rooms have been very well updated. Cool and classy. Great restaurants on site but be sure to leave your hotel once and a while to eat as there are very few cities that can compete with Montreal's restaurant scene. Excellent business hotel, great for visiting the city. Rooms on the small side so perhaps best suited for couples, singles, and business travelers. I strongly recommend.	
Jan 14 2007 	Reliable	I won't bother with the hotel review as the comments are all accurate and I agree. What I love about this place is the food. I have traveled around the world many times and believe that this hotel has one of the best dining experiences at affordable prices that I have experienced. The Montrealais &quot;coffee shop&quot; would put many high end european restaurants to shame. I can have a great breakfast on par with any fine hotel in the US for significantly less. I won't even bother comparing th the crud that passes for breakfast in London or Paris. I like the Montrealais so much that I even try to have my business lunches there. It has the best salad &quot;bar&quot; I have ever sampled. (Salad bar is a very poor description of what is offered, as the quality and selection is great.) The staff quality, superivison and attentiveness are on par with a deluxe asian hotel.Bottom line is that this is great value for the buck.	
Jan 12 2007 	The staff is the best!	I would highly recommend this hotel. Beautiful decor, great location, clean rooms. Room are smaller than we are used to, but I think thats the European influence. The location can't be beat with the underground shopping right down the escalator, walking distance to Old Montreal and a 10minute cab ride to the Casino.The best part of this hotel was the staff! From check-in to check-out, the friendliest, cheerful, helpful staff ever. We were there for the New Year's weekend and the concierge was so great. The hotel was full, and many people asking for help from them, they were so patient and accomodating. We needed their assistance a few times and each time we walked away with a smile. They recommended and made reservations for a Thai restaurant, Chao Praya - it was great! I recommend this restaurant, as well.	
Jan 3 2007 	Very nice hotel / Great Location	We stayed here over New Years Eve Weekend. I booked it through tourisme-montreal.com and their Sweet Deals special (pay full price one night get 2nd night 50%). the Queen Elizabeth was one of only a few who honored the special rate over the holiday weekend.We had a standard room, King sized bed. my fiance thought the room was small but it was very nice and very clean (which is very important to us).they also provided good information about Montreal in the room. a tourism book and a great map of the city streets that was handy.Staff were very nice and professional and I would certainly stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 30 2006 	Can't Beat the Location or Service	This hotel shines since its takeover by Fairmont a few years ago. Fairmont stresses customer service, which is not always a strong point in hotels of this size, but here the staff can't wait to rush to your room with more towels, bottled water, whatever. The concierges, front desk staff, and bellmen are equally happy to give endless suggestions on where to go, where to eat, how to get there, and so on. I'm not crazy about the redone lobby design, since the retro charm of the 50's original has been obliterated. Expect bathrooms to be small (think 50's), but rooms are comfortable and well-equipped. Central location and views are unbeatable in Montreal. The lobby bar, adjacent to renowned Beaver Club restaurant, has had a reputation for mixing great drinks for many years. I agree with previous poster that $24 for parking in that cramped little garage, where people wait forever to have their cars brought up, is silly. You can park yourself for $15 at the Central Station garage just across the street (Belmont, in back of the hotel).	
Dec 19 2006 	Stay on the Gold Floors	My Husband and I met his sister and daughter (10) at this hotel in central Montreal. The hotel sits on top of the train station and has elevator service to the station and all its shops. In addition, there is easy access to all of Montreal including the underground parts of the city. For a few extra dollars, we stayed on the Gold Floors which is a hotel within a hotel. A complimentary lovely breakfast is served daily and a snack buffet in the evening in the guest lounge. The concierges go out of their way to help you. The hotel had ADA rooms that are truly accessible. There is an indoor pool and health club. The hotel has its own parking garage. Overall, a great place to stay in a city full of fun for all. Although some of the restaurants in the City are pricey and not kid friendly. The city has wheelchair accessible vans to take you places if you need it. Though ask the price before you order the cab. The hotel has AAA discounts - or in Canada CAA.	
Dec 11 2006 	Another fantastic Fairmont Experience	For such a large hotel, I was blown away. I have stayed in Fairmonts from coast to coast as well as Hawai'i, and they never seem to disappoint. On to the Montreal Fairmont Queen Elizabeth. Service here is excellent, EXCELLENT. The other positive reviews are bang on the money.Some back story here: My wife and I wanted to get away for our anniversary. We took VIA RAIL from Toronto to Montreal. What's great with this set up is that you can walk underground from the train to the lobby of this hotel without going outside. From the time we left the train to checking into our room could not have been more than 7 or 8 minutes.The hotel is centrally located in downtown Montreal. Hundreds of shops, restaurants, boutiques are just a stone's throw away. It's a 10 - 15 minute walk to old Montreal. Subway, maybe 10 minutes. Perfect.The room was great. Very comfy. Feather pillows, comfortable bed, well maintained room. We did not eat at the hotel (there's just so many other places in Montreal) but I plan to give the hotel's 5 star Beaver Club a chance the next time we go there (it looked wonderful). The hotel also has a family restaurant with bar, plus another bar next to the Beaver Club. Full work out room with small pool and hot tub (couldn't get into the pool, too many people, but the hot tub was great).Some downsides: change rooms for the health club needs a serious upgrade (need to update those antiquated lockers). Steam room not hot enough, no controls to adjust. And the room's bathrooms are a tad on the small side, not much place to put your stuff...nothing that would keep me away, as these are pretty minor observations. TV worked great, fully stocked mini-bar (complimentary water with turndown, coffee &amp; tea), check in smooth, daily paper delivery. Concierge was very helpful. Highly recommend. Would stay there again without question.	
Dec 10 2006 	A hotel of genuine class	Don't be put off by the Fairmont's considrable size - this is a gorgeous hotel that manages to feel much smaller than it actually is (a good thing). The quality of service is the best I've ever experienced in that the staff (all of them) are genuinely friendly (as opposed to fake-friendly). One can clearly see that the hotel management take their staff training very seriously indeed.The decor throughout is carefully thought-out and beautifully understated, the beds comfortable, bathrooms well appointed (although the shower was a little lacking). A complaint about the bedide lamps being too dim to read by was immediately addressed.Finally, the Queen Elizabeth oozes character, possibly because scores of world dignitaries have stayed there, including the Queen Mother. If it was good enough for her it's good enough for me.Highly recommended and I wouldn't want to stay anywhere else if I go back to Montreal.	
Dec 1 2006 	Great hotel in great location	We went to Montreal from 11/23 - 11/28 and was not disappointed in our choice of hotel. We paid the extra $$ for the Gold Level, which included a spectacular view of downtown, breakfast service from 6-9am and cocktails appetizers from 5-7pm. There was also full access to beverages from 6am - 11pm. The airport shuttle drops you off right at the front door and the hotel is located on top of the central train station. There is direct access to the underground &amp; metro stations. We had hockey tickets and the Bell Centre was only 4 blocks away. St. Catherine Street, where most of the shopping was located, was a 5 minute walk; Old Montreal was a 15-20 minute walk; Chinatown was a 15 minute walk; the Biodome &amp; Olympic Stadium was a 5 - 10 minute walk in through the underground and a 15 minute direct ride by metro.The only time we had took a taxi was when we went to Au Pied de Cochon for dinner. On a side note, I highly recommend you do not miss having dinner at this place! It is highly well-known by the locals and well-praised by food critics and it does not disappoint. It was unpretentous and had a warm, neighborhood feeling. If you're not into foie gras, there are other items on the menu. I had the beet &amp; goat cheese salad, venison ribs and sugar pie. All were excellent. It was soooo good I would go back to Montreal just to eat at this restaurant. it's closed on Mondays.Back to the hotel, the staff was very hospitable, extremely helpful with directions, restaurant recommendations and was just very genuine in nature. Not once did we encounter any bad service or attitude from this hotel. An example of the hotel staff going above and beyond - we got directions to the Biodome on Monday. But when we arrived, everything was closed. When we returned to the hotel and mentioned that everything was closed, they apologized for not telling us. We weren't even complaining about it. When we went to dinner at one of the nearby local restaurants, they had called the restaurant and bought us a couple glasses of wine. Then when we returned to our room, they had tea and a tray of truffles waiting for us as an apology for the oversight. You don't get that kind of service anymore!Our only complaints about the hotel - european sized bathrooms and not enough drawer space. Our only complaints about Montreal - the museums were a bit dull; Chinatown consisted of 2 blocks; during this time of the year, a lot of the street vendors are not out and Old Montreal really does not feel anything like Paris. The only thing remotely close is the Metropolitan sign near the W hotel and the french speaking people.The highlights of our trip - the local people, this hotel staff and Au pied du Cochon makes us want to come back to Montreal - perhaps next time during the summer.	
Nov 27 2006 	Good business hotel	We were here for a conference from November 23rd to the 26th of this year. The room was relatively nice. I especially liked the opening window, a feature that one does not see very often anymore. Unfortunately that did not help cool the room, the temperature was always over 23C, and we never turned the heat on once! That made sleeping a little hard. The bed was comfortable enough, and our request for foam pillows was immediatley looked after. The bathroom had 2 bathrobes which was nice, but one practically had to leave the room to put them on, as it was very small. The room had a wired internet connection available for a charge (but free for those people who had joined their no-cost membership club, which I did.) Local calls were also free for club members. I tried to use my vonage equipment without success, I suppose because their connection requires a log-on. The desk was large enough for my laptop and papers and there was decent lighting in the room.We had a number of meals during our business conference and they were all good, especially the pastries (diet time again). The parking is expensive (no surprise there), and we did the valet parking for $24 per day as we needed in and out rights.You can get almost anywhere in the downtown core underground in the passages (especially if you know your way around them). You need never put on your coat and woolies. (remember that Montreal does get cold in the winter)	
Nov 16 2006 	Central Location in Montreal	The QE is in an attractive location in downtown Montreal. Rooms are small with very little drawer space. Make sure you join Farimont Club by website before arriving &amp; will not have to pay for local phone calls. Desk staff are very attentive &amp; knowledgable &amp; housekeeping does an excellent job. Concierge is very helpful. Go downstairs and u are in Montreal's underground city connected to all the malls. This is the best way to traverse the city in the cold months. Montrealais Restaurant is a good value in the hotel. Hotel is walking distance to all the restaurants on Montagne, Drummond, etc. Parking in hotel is expensive at $24 Cdn/nt. Also, a surprise was that during rush hour u cannot drop off car in front of hotel to valet.	
Oct 21 2006 	Great service great location at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth	We stayed at the Queen Elizabeth for a weekend stay from Friday to Sunday. Booked via the Fairmont website.Very convenient as we arrived by train to Gare Centrale (Central Station) walked two minutes through the food court area of the station and were on the elevator to the main lobby of the hotel. The staff upon check-in were very pleasant. Very nice room. Not huge, however, well appointed with comfortable bed, desk and large closet. Bathroom was small but very modern with a nice shower.Breakfast was included in our package which was in the Montrealais Restaurant. A very nice buffet with the usual hot regulars (eggs, bacon), however, had a Quebecois specialty, butter maple crepes, which were excellent. The buffet had a good variety of fruits, breads and cereals. Excellent tasting and very good, attentive service.The pool and fitness equipment are located on the lower level, so one has to switch elevators at the lobby level. A bit inconvenient. However, a nice pool, hot tub and kiddy pool. Lots of fitness equipment including four tredmills. Very close to the Metro, either Bonaventure (Orange Line), which is accessible via the &quot;Underground City&quot; or McGill station (Green Line) about four blocks away . Only two blocks from St. Catherine Street, the main shopping street. Very good location, close to everything.Overall, excellent experience at the Fairmont.	
Aug 30 2006 	Fairmont Queen Elizabeth - great for train travellers	Our family of four stayed here early August. Although the room was a little compact for us and our luggage it was of a very high standard, and had lovely views up towards Mont Royal. The main advantage for us as we were touring across Canada was the proximity of the train station as our train in was two hours late it was great to only be a few steps from our hotel. Also when we left our train was an hour late departing so we could wait in the comfort of the hotel lobby rather than in line downstairs in the station. The gym there was the best equipped of the hotels we stayed in and the pool was lovely, and deserted mid-morning each weekday if you want a quiet swim and get a few laps in!The station beneath the hotel and the adjoining shopping centre provide a huge choice of dining options and this was another big advantage of this hotel. Our package included breakfast at the hotel which had an excellent choice - something to suit the whole family, but we ate out each evening. Especially worth mentioning was Katz restaurant in the shopping centre - the best steaks we have had, and extremely good value.The Fairmont was also in a great location for seeing all the sights with almost everything within walking distance, and the tube system nearby for longer trips.All the staff we had contact with were extremely friendly and helpful and housekeeping were very prompt at rectifying any oversights - extra towels delivered within ten minutes of calling. All in all thoroughly recommended.	
Aug 26 2006 	Excellent Choice in Downtown	We stayed at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth from August 20th to 25th. Our reservation was made through Expedia and we got an excellent rate of $141 a night for a Fairmont Room. After arriving on Amtrak's Adirondack train from New York, it was extremely convenient to take the escalator right up from Central Station into the hotel. The train was an hour and 15 minutes late, making us even more eager to relax. There were a few guests ahead of us on the check-in line, some coming from the same train we were on. The woman who checked us in was extremely pleasant and helpful. We were given a room on the 5th floor and took the elevators up. Upon arriving at the room, I was wondering whether it would be too small. I had read a number of previous reviews which stated that the room and bathroom would be cramped. I was pleasantly surprised. The room wasn't large, but there was more than adequate space for two double beds, a desk and chair, armoire with TV cabinet, and an extra chair in the corner. The bathroom was a little tight, but well done with marble tile on the floor and tub walls. The room had a spectacular view overlooking Rene Levesque Blvd. If you were to look to the north, McGill University's campus is straight ahead. Finally, looking even further north, you are afforded an amazing view of Mount Royal Park. Any first time visitor to Montreal must visit Mount Royal. The views of the city are breathtaking!The hotel is connected to Montreal's vast &quot;Underground City&quot; giving hotel guests easy access to shopping, restaurants and metro stations. Although the Bonaventure station on the Orange Line is closer to the hotel, we found the McGill station on the Green Line to be more convenient. We did not eat at either of the two restaurants in the hotel, but a quick check of their menus showed them to be rather expensive. Eggspectations on Blvd de la Maisonneuve is a great choice for breakfast with large portions. Overall, the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth is an excellent choice for both business and leisure travellers alike.	
Aug 7 2006	Wonderful Stay	This was the first Fairmont I had ever stayed at and I can never go back to regular hotels again. The beds in the standard room are huge. The rooms are georgously decorated and positively luxurious. We stayed here during one of the nastiest snow storms Quebec had seen in 2005/2006 and felt completely content and cozy as we watched the snow fall on the city. We had a pretty view from a higher lever (12th floor I believe). The hotel is connected to the underground shopping system except for a small section that you have to walk outside. It's not quite as close to St. Catherine's as we would have liked but still a very good location and convenient to old Montreal. I got an excellent rate but I would have stayed here even at regular price. It was worth every penny!	
Jul 24 2006	A Queen Above the Rails	After a very long and trying day traveling by train from New York, we arrived at the Montreal station exhausted and grateful that we were staying right upstairs at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth. Extremely helpful VIA Rail personnel assisted us with our luggage and escorted us right to the front desk. The registration process was quick and very friendly. Although I can speak French, I was so tired that I wasn't sure I could muster the energy. Without any hint of Parisian condenscension, the staff conversed easily and congenially in English. They allowed me my poor attempts at French and filled in words in a helpful but not snotty manner.Our room was quiet and well-appointed with a view of the river. I was sorry that the hotel lacked the grandeur of an old building, but the tasteful decor made up for architecture. We had a small meal of delicious French onion soup and wine (and yummy bar snacks of wasabi peas, exotic crackers and nuts) while listening to the jazz pianist in the lobby bar. Th next morning, we were enjoying our stay so much that we postponed our train trip to Quebec City to luxuriate in our room. We ordered breakfast from room service and had &quot;Le Jockey&quot; with yogurt, shredded wheat, fresh Quebec strawberries, coffee and juice. After breakfast, I wandered down to the underground shopping complex adjacent to the hotel (a great thing in winter, I would bet) and changed currency. A nice alternative to eating in the hotel would be to peruse the deli-like stands in the train station.	
Jul 18 2006	Friendly and consistent service	From the moment we checked into the hotel all the staff were consistently very warm and friendly. Our room was turned down at night and the room service was prompt and delicious. The hotel is conveniently located, only a short distance from shopping along St. Catherines and old montreal making it easy to get around. The concierge was very helpful and gave us the best routes to our destinations around the city. The only downfall was our room was a little smaller than expected- you couldn't open the door and get into the closet at the same time and if you couldn't get out of the washroom if the closet door or the front door was open. However, all the furnishings were beautiful and we had a great view of the city. Overall, I loved my stay at the Queen Elizabeth. The welcoming and friendly staff made my stay a great one. I definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 7 2006	Excellent Location and Wonderful Staff	We chose this hotel because of the proximity to Gare Centrale (right above the station). We guessed that the Amtrak Adirondack would be late and it was as usual. It was wonderful to just get in an elevator and go up 2 flights to the hotel lobby and not have to have the hassle of finding a cab for another hotel location. The staff was extremely warm and friendly. The doorperson advised us as to the best restaurants in the area. His suggestions were right on. Being right above the train station put us close to the Metro stop at Bonaventure as well. Everything was right in the vicinity. The Metro took us 3 stops to Old Montreal. The room was excellent as well. Overall, a very positive experience that I would gladly repeat in the future.	
Jul 2 2006	Wonderful location	The Fairmont Queen Elizabeth in Montreal is a lovely hotel. The location is wonderful - an easy walk to either Old Montreal and the harbor or the downtown shopping/Magill University area. The rooms and baths are somewhat small, but very, very nice and the staff is great. The hotel is also located directly over one of the main stops of the underground transportation system so you can jump on a train for a minimal price and get to almost any place you want. There are also stores in the train station so you can pick up personal items in a pharmacy, buy a gift or grab a snack for a very nominal price.	
Jun 13 2006	Give it a pass. too many other good choices.	My wife and I have stayed in almost 75% of the Fairmont hotels: this is one of the ones you can easily pass by. Yes, good location in city and above train station with access to Metro and Underground City. But it's a huge behemoth: you'll find yourself lost in a lobby of conventioneers, local media affairs, and bused tourist groups. Pie-eyed tourists leaving the afternoon Martini special bump into elderly dowagers finishing their tea while Canadian TV sets up an inside camera station. Even the Gold Floor here is on two floors with almost 100 rooms: there's insufficient seating space in the Lounge at the busiest breakfast times and needy elderly tourists who arrive sans guidebooks or maps camp at the concierge desk endlessly. Our rooms were not turned down at night, our shoes put out for shining were lost on two mornings and not returned til after 9am, the concierge said &quot;all restaurants were good&quot; without helping us further as others were waitingto talk to him. Our rooms had copious magazines on Canadian wine and BMWs, but despite two days of requests never had maps or local area events booklets. None of this is a deal killer for staying here, but with the absolute wealth of boutique hotels in the Old Town alone (smaller, more attentive, closer to water) why would you want to fight crowds and indiscriminate service? We tried this visit as we got a special 50% off the third night with freebies from Montreal Tourism, however no one at the hotel knew anything about the free gifts although we did get the 50% off. Do what we normally do: book in at the St Sulpice or its like, use the Champs-de-Mars Metro a few blocks away and just relax!	
May 27 2006	Fine	Like the previous posters said, this hotel is perfunctory....service is fine, lobby is nice, rooms are small but clean, not memorable. Location is great, right under the Central Station, which made it convenient for us to get to Quebec City, near metro lines and close to Rue de Catherine and walkable to Old Montreal. By the way, there is a gym in the hotel, I used it and it was very nice. No gift shop to speak of, so if you need a little something, you had to go out for it (I never use minibars, think it is one of the worlds biggest ripoffs).I ate at the Montrealis in the hotel, and have to say both the food &amp; service were wondeful, that was my experience.Would I go back, no, but if you are looking for an excellent location you can't top this. If I ever go back to Montreal, I will stay in the old section.	
May 26 2006 	surprise! a Grand Hotel that's grand	My wife and I splurged on a Junior Suite and it was worth the extra cost. The hotel people were wonderful, especially the concierges and the waiters at the more-than coffee shop, the Montrealais. Location is super. On rainy days there are kilometers of underground shopping easily reached (adjacent to) the hotel; the train station is also &quot;attached.&quot; And on sunny days the Frederick Law Olmstead-designed Mont Royal Park, gem of the city, is 12 or 13 minutes away (uphill) by foot. Other fine dining relatively close (on dry days) including the incomparable Toque! as is Old Montreal with all of its delights.	
May 7 2006	Six stars!	This was without doubt the finest hotel experience of my life. I stayed for two nights at a discounted rate, was allowed to check in to my room at 8am after arriving off an overnight train, and was given a room on the 21st floor overlooking the Marie-Reine-du-Monde Cathedral. The room was as big as a suite, and as luxurious. The piano bar was a highlight, and the restaurant was great. The staff were genuinely friendly, professional and couldn't do enough to help. Definitely recommended.	
May 7 2006	A great monolithic block!	We stayed here (Family of 4) to visit relatives. This hotel is right in the middle of downtown, close to Old Montreal. If you are looking for one of those old, historical Fairmonts, you will be dissapointed. If you are looking for a clean, modern luxury hotel, you will not.The exterior is a monolithic block, as a previous reviewer pointed out. The lobby had a nice lounge area where you could just sit on the big fancy couches and talk all you like, even be served afternoon tea. The Queeny is directly linked to the huge Underground City and a subwyt station. (The Underground City is a huge mall for those of you who don't know.) The restuarant Montrealalis didn't have great food but the service was superb, as with the rest of the hotel's staff. They went above and beyond to make our stay better. The room was a little on the small side, but it was tolerable. The room apeared to be clean, but you got the sense that it was dusty and had'nt been used for a long time. It was nothing special. The internet wasn't free, though most hotels now have it for free. The bathroom was huge, with all the amenaties you could need. We would defenatly stay here again.	
May 6 2006	A Wonderful Stay	Stayed at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth April 20-26 and then again from May 4-6. The rooms are small, but are very clean. The staff are excellent to deal with. They are polite and helpfull at all times. Rue St. Catherine is only a few blocks away. You can walk to Crescent Street and it's a short Metro ride to Old Montreal and Rue St Deni. I would reccommend this hotel to anyone. Make sure you ask about a corporate rate. We stayed for $131.00 (Canadian).	
Apr 27 2006	Okay hotel - decent service tiny rooms	This is a perfectlly acceptable 4 star business hotel. The rooms are very small - almost all of them are the same size, too. That said, the rooms are perfectly comfortable, with a good bed, lights that work, a tiny but functional bathroom and the usual amenties. The high speed internet worked well, which was a relief as I had lots of work to do. The service was good enough, but nothing special. Turndown service is available only upon request, and when I requested it nothing happened. Perfectly happy here, but will look for something more memorable next time I'm in town. I like boutique hotels, but often shy away from them because they often don' t have things I need - like a gym and reliable high speed internet access. Next time, I'll try the Gault.	
Apr 19 2006	Okay but not memorable	My stay at the Queen Elizabeth was fine. Not outstanding, not memorable, but fine.On the plus side, staff were incredibly helpful and professional. I was impressed with everyone I dealt with.The interior of the hotel is mediocre. The exterior is a great 1950s international style design, but the lobby is an odd pastiche of various design styles, with lots of hotel cliches thrown in. Given the history of the place, and the fact that it was once THE place to stay in Montreal, it is a shame that they didn't have a high-caliber design team do something spectacular or original with the interior. Similarly, the rooms were fine, but nothing to write home about.The Queen Elizabeth meet expectations, but did not exceed them. A hotel of this caliber and history ought to do more than perfunctorily fill the role of forgetable big city hotel. There are so many great hotels in this city, all of which offer their guests a unique and memorable stay, so I can't imagine that I would bother staying at the QE again. They didn't do anything wrong, but they did nothing to entice me back.	
Apr 11 2006 	Bring your earplugs. . .	I stayed 4 nights at this hotel for a oonference during the last weekend in March. The hotel staff is welcoming and professional, and the decor in the meeting rooms was very good--a cut above the usual. But. . . It is nice to be able to sleep in your hotel room. Mine had paper-thin walls. (It was a large queen room on the 20th floor.) The first morning while I was reading the newspaper, I heard very distinctly, apparently next to my ear, &quot;A Polish Good Morning!&quot; It was the man in the room next door making a phone call. One hears every syllable of even quiet conversations through the wall. I slept with the radio on (it was pre-tuned to a classical station, set at low-volume--I think the hotel is aware of this wall problem) to drown out all the noise.  A more minor gripe: The quality of the linens was not what one would expect in a four star hotel--an old buff blanket, pilled and ragged, was wrapped inside the sheet.  Nice features: The bed itself was comfortable. The Fairmont teas are excellent--some are supplied near the coffeemaker and I was able to purchase some in the lobby gift shop, too. The shuttle bus from the airport not only drops off at the hotel door but picks up there without requiring prior reservations. The underground food courts are convenient and affordable, and it was good to have an alternative to the costly food in the hotel. The subway system (underground) is easy to use, clean, and safe, and it is right under the hotel, as is the Central rail station. The distance to the Old Town (several miles)is a bit of a drawback to someone at a QE-based conference--as it is hard to slip out for much more than an hour or two. (The Old Town itself is not as compact as I'd hoped it would be, so it was hard to see much in a short time.) The hotel itself is located in the downtown area, which is not distinctive looking. In the hotel, I had dinner in the Montrealer Bistro, where the service was verrrrry sllllooowww and the food rather costly and fancy (&quot;bistro&quot; is a misnomer) but good. Drinks in the bar were expensive but outstanding--great ambiance there.  In all, this hotel has some attractive features (particularly the nicely designed public spaces). But when traveling on business, getting one's rest is important, and the room (for 3 of the 4 nights) was as noisy a room as I've ever had in a hotel, for a rather high cost. The elevators were not working at mid-day for two of the conference days (there was also a power outage on my floor one day)--a serious inconvenience when one's room is on the 20th floor. So. . .I probably will stay elsewhere if I return to Montreal.	
Mar 7 2006	Perfect Service at an Excellent Hotel	Well - in a nut shell this was the best hotel ever to have stayed in. I do a lot of travel with business and have not come across such good service before in a city hotel(perhaps I'm unlucky!). We stayed in a Fairmont room - which have recently been done up. Very comfartbale, excellent bed - slight down side - the TV and combine fridge cabinet kinda dominates the room.On the wrong side of town from the good things to see, the Fairmont is in the Downtown commercial district of Montreal - that said this is overcome with a pair of comfy shoes (and coat in winter) and the use of the tube system.	
Nov 21 2005	Great hotel	From the outside it looks rather small and tranquile, but once on the inside it booms with life! I stayed in the Gold rooms so I can only talk for the service in relation to that area. The concierge was very friendly, the lounge is nice and clean while having very good/courteous service. The rooms are not very big but they have what you need. I enjoyed the complimentary coffee and water bottle. The cherry on the sunday was that beautiful elevator reserved for Gold club rooms, it's made out of glass and is transparent on all sides making it so pretty to go up or down floors. Pool and gym are very nice also. I recommend strongly.	
Nov 11 2005	Stay at one of the amazing boutique hotels	The Fairmont is pretty but when I go back, I will stay at Le Saint Sulpice or Hotel Nelligan. There are too many amazing boutique hotels in Montreal to waste your time here. Firstly, the rooms are incredibly small. The bathroom is a closet. I will say on a good note, the staff is excellent. I met three or four concierges here and they were all excellent.Not bad but I did expect more.	
Sep 28 2005	What housekeeping?	The hotel is well-located.Our room was small but fine.However, our king-sized bed had a full-sized blanket on it stretched width wise. I called housekeeping the next morning and requested a king-sized blanket and was told it would be taken care of. It wasn't. We had to pull out the spare blanket, also full, and overlap them. The maid then continued to make up the bed that way for the remainder of our stay.The blankets were of very poor quality to boot.Then, when the maid refreshed the bathroom, she didn't replace the wash clothes.	
Sep 10 2005	Outstanding renovation for a classic hotel	I recently stayed at the Queen Elizabeth and was amazed at the recent renovation to this Montreal landmark. I had stayed there years ago and the property was becoming a bit tired. Not so today! The rooms, lobby, Beaver club restaurant were all outstanding with tasteful style and overall great service. The staff was attentive and caring. I was very impressed with the style of of room and certainly the hotel location. The food in Room Service and for breakfast were excellent. We made a special occasion to go the acclaimed Beaver Club and we were not let down. Gourmet dining with unsurpassed service. Incredible food quality. Overall the hotel was impressive for its service, style, location, staff attitude and services. Great health club. I recommend to everyone. You will not be let down. This is a famous hotel with years of history that is now very tastefully decorated with very well trained staff.	
Sep 1 2005 	Quite good	Stayed there for four nights in August'05 on a business trip. One major problem (and basically the only real problem) was that sound proofing is way below average. At least it was on my &quot;normal room&quot;, might be different in suites etc. Hotel is built in the 50s and you can hear it! For example traffic noise from 11 floors below could be very well heard, not to mention screaming teenagers from the room next to mine... Room was quite spacious and clean, clearly that was updated a couple of years ago. Situation is ideal, hundreds of stores, restaurants, bars are within walking distance. Also Molson Centre (or whatever it is called nowadays) is very close, for hockey fans. One thing though, I'm suprised that some reviewer said that hotel lobby is special. To me, there was absolutely nothing special there, a very typical one floor high hall without anything particular to see.	
Aug 19 2005	Excellent Hotel	Stayed 2 nights with family of 5 and had a Jr. Suite and standard room. Rooms are a little small. Service was excellent from check-in to Check-out. Pool was a little small for the kids, but all and all a great Hotel.	
Aug 17 2005	Nice but not worth the price	The Fairmont Queen Elizabeth was a lovely hotel. The Lobby was out of this world. The hotel is an excellent location nearby to almost everything you need, even the nightlife. However the rooms were disappointing they were clean but very small and certainly not worth the amount we paid. In fact we paid considerably less in Ottawa for a 3* hotel and it was far more luxurious than the Fairmont. Service was friendly but they allocated us a room that was already occupied. They did allocate us another room after we had disturbed the current occupant and then kindly charged us for the service a day or so after we checked out of the hotel. Again they did refund the charge after we complained. A nice hotel but I'm sure there are others of the same standard that are more value for money and less hassle in Montreal.	
Aug 7 2005	Great Hotel and Location	Centrally located on Rene Levesque Bl. and right atop the train and shopping underground. Breakfast was an easy pleasure by taking the hotel elevator all the way down. Endless wonderful, coffee and pastry shops as far as the eye could see. Staff was always friendly and courteous. Room was clean and quiet with a great view. Somewhat small but large enough for 2. Parking garage staff was always friendly and never had to wait for our car. Montreal is a great city and the Queen Elizabeth Hotel is a great venue from which to explore the city.	
Jul 8 2005	Decent hotel	For those of you who don't know, this hotel is a Montreal landmark that has been there for more than 35 years, it was a CN Hotel managed by Hilton for a long time, Fairmont took it over within the last 5 years. The location of the hotel is very convenient for walking around downtown and old Montreal. The hotel is not particularly attractive from the outside. I understand that 2/3rds of the floors have been updated and those rooms cost more. I stayed in an older room which was ok, not great, bed was comfortable, bathroom was fine and clean, very nice view of the large church adjacent. Depending on the rate you can get, this is a good choice of hotel. There are some new boutique style hotels in Old Monteal that are very nice, but pricy. Also, this hotel is very convenient to the underground city and central train station and metro stations, you don't have to go outside at all if you don't want to. I ate at the Beaver Club restaurant in the hotel, it was one of the best meals I have ever had and I have eaten at some very nice places. The fixed price 6 course meal paired with regional wines was absolutely fantastic, with impeccable service, incredible local ingredients were used mostly and I cannot praise the Beaver club enough, absolutely first class, you cannot get better food anywhere. Prices are high, but for a treat, well worth it.	
Jul 7 2005	Lots of problems.	I've never stayed at a Fairmont property before, but have admired many from afar (Empress Hotel in Victoria, Chateau Lake Louise, Banff Springs, Palliser in Calgary, Frontenac in Quebec City, Hotel Vancouver). I was genuinely looking forward to my four night stay at the Queen Elizabeth, and imagined luxurious accomodations and pleasant, courteous staff.How wrong I was.When we arrived in the evening around 8pm by car, no one was there to greet us, help us unload our vehicle or even hold open the door as we struggled to bring our luggage in. The inside was very dated (looked to be trapped in the late 50s/early 60s), the outside is a monolithic block (definitely not the &quot;historical&quot; or unique look of other properties) and definitely not up to the standards of their other properties. When we got to the room, not only did it resemble the interior decoration of a Super 8 motel, we also discovered that they had given us two double beds and not the single queen that I had confirmed during my reservation. When I went downstairs to see what had happened, the agent tried to blame the error on me and said that I &quot;probably forgot to request it&quot; -- not even an apology. But these were mere trivialities to what was to come.Our first morning the electricity was out. Instead of being polite about it, the staff felt compelled to blast this information at 7:30am over their loudspeaker/intercom (again no apologies). If you were asleep, you wouldn't be after that! Not to mention that you couldn't even get ready for the day since you couldn't see a thing -- and we had to walk down sixteen flights of stairs to get outside. On our third day, the cleaning staff went on strike. Not that we knew about it until we came back from a long day to find that our room was still not cleaned and wondered why. I called downstairs to see what was going on, and was forced to sit on hold for over ten minutes. When I inquired why our room had not been cleaned, the woman snapped, &quot;I know it has not been cleaned&quot; and with further pressing, said that the cleaning staff was on strike and there was nothing they could do except maybe &quot;send some clean towels up.&quot; When I suggested that maybe they could proactively give their guest a heads up, she claimed that they did not know about it in advance. (Funny, I thought the crux of most strikes rest on the fact that they make it known that they will be going on strike unless certain conditions or demands are met).The concierge continuously had long lines, and their information/knowledge was very poor -- when we asked for dining recommendations at 8:30pm, they seemed baffled by thinking up such &quot;late night&quot; dining options. They were stumped by other fairly easy questions as well. We also did not receive our newspaper the first morning, and the remainder of days we did not receive the newspaper we had requested. Normally I would overlook trivialities like that, but everything else was such a terrible experience that this was a cherry on top.I consider myself well-travelled and have stayed at many kinds of hotels in many countries, but this ranks in the Top 5 Worst Experiences. I will not be staying at this, or any other Fairmont property in the future.p.s. The location of the Queen Elizabeth is not nearly as great as it seems. You have to wind through a number of bizarre tunnels and staircases to get to the train station/Metro that it sits on top of. The Marriott and Sheraton nearby are much more accessible. Also the valet service is very awkward. You have to take an elevator to the main floor, transfer, then either take the stairs/escalator or another elevator to reach it. Very annoying if you have any suitcases or are carrying anything heavy.	
Jul 5 2005	Avoid in general especially on Grand Prix weekend	We booked an expensive trip to Montreal for the Formula 1 Grand Prix. As its just about impossible to find a decent hotel in the city on Grand Prix weekend, we chose from a list provided by the race organisers. The QE looked the classiest hotel so we took up the offer at CAD 532 per night with a three night mininum. We were checked in to a tiny room with the smallest bathroom I've ever seen in a hotel of any class. The decor was Seventies style and the wear and tear seemed to confirm this as the period of installation. It was the middle of a heatwave (mid-eighty degrees) and our air conditioner failed to produce any cold air at all leaving us to fan ourselves for most of the night. Our in-bath shower head didn't work and every flush of the toilet flooded the bathroom. After the second night we were told that we would be moved to an &quot;upgraded&quot; room. This was a room of the same pokey size with the same tiny bathroom but the decor was new and fairly pleasant, though this air con also failed to produce anything resembling cold air so another night in a sauna. There were some positives: check-in and out was very smooth for a busy weekend, and room service was excellent - fast, a full menu, some guidance from the person taking the order (&quot;no need for a side salad sir, it already comes with one&quot;), but, for a hotel claiming a five star rating and chargingover CAD 500 a night, there seems no reason to gamble on being booked into one of tacky unrefurbed rooms. Even the post refurb rooms, and particularly the bathrooms are way smaller than one will find at most other hotels in the city.	
May 12 2005	wrong room???? but lovely	When we got there we got to our room tried from a long trip (we call them road trips this one we travled from Georgia to Montreal)we saw there were ash trys in the bathroom! so i thought the french people love to smoke! So i tallked to the front desk and they said they messed up (expedia dident) so we got a room smaller by a foot in another side fo the hotel but the view was MUCH better.The Breakfast Buffet is to die for with butler like peropl with the best hot tea ever, and it is connected underground to everything! al in al it was the best hotel iv'e ever stayed at i would defently suggest it, My son loved it!!P.S. the picture is ot the view in our second room	
Apr 3 2005	Perfect Location!	This was our first trip to Montreal for a quick getaway. The location of the Fairmont could not be better. Underground access to the train and the underground city. The airport shuttle left us right in front of the hotel. Shopping, restaurants and tours were in comfortable walking distance. The staff was extremely pleasant, accomodating and knowledgeable. The interior, elegantly decorated. If you want elegance, service, access and convenience, the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth is the place to stay!	
Mar 24 2005	Good experience	We just returned from our first trip to Montreal, and our experience at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth was overall quite positive. The staff (with the exception of one grumpy maid) was unfailingly polite and helpful. Three days into our stay, we requested a room change as we had some talkative, night-owl neighbors, and an even nicer room was found for us immediately even though the hotel was sold out. For location, this hotel cannot be beat. Directly beneath is the fabulous Underground City, the central train station, the Metro, and links to just about anywhere you want to go in the city. We liked the hotel restaurants, but also enjoyed the many less pricey dining opportunities in the Underground City. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 19 2005	Not in good weather	If you will be in Montreal in the worst weather then the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth is a good choice because of your connection to the undergound city. You can walk all over town without showing your face in the brutal Montreal winter. Otherwise the QE has awful service, housekeeping is a shambles and has a pretty bad attitude. THe room is nothing special though some have nice enough views. Ours had a view of the church next door which was very nice. The food in the main restaurant is atrocious for Montreal where even the little holes in the wall can ussually serve up a good meal. We had coupons for the breakfast buffet and it was not very good at all. No comparison to Hotel de la Montaign or Hotel Vogue. We were there for three nights and there was a plastic coffee stirrer on the carpet near our room for all 3 days.	
Feb 16 2005	loved the Queen Elizabeth!	Stayed at the Fairmont in Montreal in January and had a great time! The service was excellent and the rooms (although a little small) were fabulous! The concierge, Joel was very helpful and really went the extra mile for us! I would recommend this hotel to anyone on business or if you simply want to be in the middle of it all.	
Feb 11 2005	Very comfortable and great location	I usually stay in the old city but, for business, this location was much more convenient. I was only recommended to this hotel because of its locatation really. Admittedly I stayed in the Gold section but I was really comfortable and can only speak very highly of Eric, the manager there. My room was lovely and my entire stay was great. Perfect for a lady travelling alone. 	
Jan 26 2005	The Queen E is still noting to write home about	I read some of the recent reviews which indicated that the Queen Elizabeth was rising like a phoenix from the ashes of some pretty rough years. Well, it's not there yet.I'm in a suite - admittedly, a JUNIOR suite, but it's TINY. I'm not a big guy (around 5' 10&quot; and 160 pounds) but some of the corners are tought to navigate and the bathroom is really snug.The room is fine, no huge complaints, but I've had MUCH nicer standard rooms at several other Montreal hotels.My advice: go to Hotel Vogue or Le Germain for a great place at what is still a reasonable rate.	
Jan 26 2005	Excellent service 	The Queen Elizabeth is one of Montreal's gems. The hotel is well located down town with easy walking to shops &amp; restaurants. A tunnel connects to the train station &amp; the underground shopping. Dinner at the Beaver Club restaurant is a treat &amp; I can't say enough about the service we received there. I will deffinately return to the Queen Elizabeth.	
Jan 20 2005	Great location for winter shopping	We went to the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth December 2003 and greatly appreciated your stay. We were looking to do some serious shopping and the location couldn't be better.The hotel is linked to all of the underground links that allows you to walk to the different building without ever going outside. That was a major convinience and allowed us to leave the boots-gloves-coat in the hotel room and walk to many of the shoping centers on bldv Ste-Catherine without suffering from the -20C cold. There was also and art and craft exibit in Place Bonneaventure (and exibith hall) just few blocks from the hotel also accessible using the underground passages.Kids did appreciate the indoor pool, although not exceptional it did allowed to keep them busy while the mother was shopping for the chrismas presents. Just under the hotel is the train station which might be a convenience for many. We used our car and found the hotel parking to be very expensive though.The room wasn't particullary large, but nothing particular to complain though. If room size / conform is key you might find better hotels in montreal though.	
Jan 20 2005	Loved it	We stayed at the Queen Elizabeth over New Year and we loved the hotel. The room was a little bit small but very well furnished and very comfortable. The location was excellent for our sightseeing trips in Montreal. Only critique I have is in order to go to the pool, we had to take the elevator to the main floor, swith elevators and then we came to the pool area. As a fellow guest said &quot; They planned this to maximize embarrassment of all guest&quot;. I would stay at the Fairmont again.	
Jan 6 2005	Gave away our room?!	We were met by a supercilious French-accented woman at the front desk on December 28, 2004, who told us that the discounted rooms were all gone. Instead of paying the $149 of my *guaranteed reservation* -- we were going to have to pay $199. I asked to talk to a manager. The woman walked away and shortly returned, saying we could have a renovated room (usually $199) for $149. I should say so! I've never heard of a hotel trying to raise the rate of a credit-card-guaranteed reservation. Not what I wanted to hear after a nine-hour drive. They say that French speakers look down on English speakers in Montreal. I don't know if this is true, but the woman at the desk made me think so. The room was charming with a separate alcove with a desk. Housekeeping was so fabulous. The spacious room gleamed. Triple sheeting on the beds. Extremely fluffy towels and robes. Elegant toiletries -- generously refreshed. My husband was annoyed that they wanted $13 a day to use the highspeed Internet hookup in the room. I was disappointed that all the rooms for 4 in the hotel had double beds. Queen beds are so much more comfortable. Otherwise, the room was very, very nice.We ate at the Montrealaise in the Queen Elizabeth. The food was pretty good, but the service was escargot-paced. The waiter (I don't think he understood us very well -- another French speaker) almost never came back to our table. Never refilled my coffee cup. Didn't try to explain the salad bar or show us where to find plates. I would never go back there -- especially with the amazing Marche only a block or two away in the underground shopping mall.	
Dec 27 2004	Very Nice Stay...	Pleasantly surprised with Queen Elizabeth, had stayed there 5 years ago with mixed thoughts. After hearing about their renovations decided to try again with great results. Beautiful room, with beautiful view and great value for under $200.	
Nov 5 2004	Fantastic!	My fiance and I stayed at the Queen Elizabeth in December 2002, and we were married in the local Court House during our stay. The staff found out about our wedding and provided us with complimentary champagne and strawberries dipped in chocolate!. They were all so friendly and the hotel absolutely stunning - we loved it so much we are going back in April 2005.	
Sep 29 2004	Back at the Top of Montreal's Hotels	The Queen E. has gotten a wonderful makeover that should put it at the top of Montreal's hotel options once again.This property has been redecorated and the results are quite impressive. From the lobby to the rooms, decor and design are elegant and furnishings are in mint condition. The staff all have a renewed enthusiasm for their work, ranging from more friendly attitudes at the front desk to improved cleaning of rooms, etc. And the Beaver Club remains one of Canada's best restaurants.	
Sep 12 2004	All in All a great stay!	My husband and I just returned from a trip to Montreal. We stayed at the Queen Elizabeth on September 6 and 7. We found the hotel to be very nice. We did not find the lobby dark as one review stated. It was fascinating to walk from the hotel to the underground tunnel to explore the many shops and restaurants without ever going outside. Also, a very short walk to St Catherine Street where there are many outside cafes and shops. We had a room on the top floor with a king size bed, a couch, and a spectacular view of the city. The room was quite spacious, although, if I have one negative, it would be the small bathroom, but, the room and view made up for it. One night we ate at the Beaver Club and it was an awesome dining experience, one, I do not believe I will have again for a long time. The lounge was very nice as well, with a piano player and very nice ambiance to sit and have a nightcap. Most of the hotel staff was very helpful and friendly, especially the concierge, except for one bad apple the day we left. The bellhop that came to get our bags was very rude. He brought our bags down to the lobby (so he told us he would do) and we went for breakfast. After breakfast, when we asked about our luggage the lobby staff told us the bellman must have taken our bags down to the parking garage because they were not left in the lobby. However, when asked,the parking garage attendant did not have our bags and had to find out where they were. The rude bellhop eventually arrived with our bags. When my husband gave him a $2.00 tip (one toonie) he just stood there with his hand out looking for more, and, when we did not oblige, and he observed me handing the parking attendant a $5.00 bill for his help, the bellman made several faces and comments in french. After arriving at our new destination, Quebec, I realized that a souvenir that I had purchased in Montreal (a $50 hat I bought for my mother) was missing. We called the Queen Elizabeth, and, they did return our call, but, told us that they had checked with lost and found and the maid staff and the hat was not found(My husband thinks the bellman took it). The other criticism I would make is, (and as other reviews have noted), there is a fire alarm that goes off every night with a recording that tells you they are checking an internal alarm, there is no need to leave your room and please stand by. Minutes later the alarm goes off again and they tell you everything is clear. This happened at 12:30 a.m. the first night and 3:00 a.m. the second night. It was very annoying to say the least. However, all in all it was a great stay, and, I would stay there again.	
Aug 19 2004	Incredible and a lot of Fun!	My husband and I just stayed at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth this past weekend (August 14) and thought it was fabulous! We got a great rate by going directly to the Fairmont website and choosing &quot;Fairmont Supersaver&quot; as an option - which meant that we had to pay in advance/could not cancel. This hotel has the BEST location - it is right in the heart of downtown Montreal (in middle of all the action!). Without leaving the hotel - the elevator can take you to the subway, the VIA train station and is also connected via underground to every mall, food options, the Marché resturant etc. and more! To tell you the truth, we did not enjoy the hustle and bustle of downtown Montreal 24-7 so we retreated to our hotel/room often and enjoyed the facilities - nice heated pool, scented steam room!! and huge exercise facilities (bigger than my regular gym). Above all that, it was so exciting acting like little kids trying to discover all the places we could get to underground without ever having to go outside. Since our room was a supersaver ($140 CAD on a weekend!!) it wasn't huge - but they made good use of the space and it was renovated and decorated nicely. We didn't have a great view - but who cares? I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is going to Montreal and is looking for a nice place to stay in the heart of downtown (the 2 star Travelodge which was much farther away was charging more!!). Good luck and ENJOY!!	
Aug 19 2004	Treated like a Queen	We spent 6 days at the Queen Elizabeth. What a wonderful hotel! Our room on the 5th floor was spacious, room service was quick, hot, and delicious. When our travel agent failed to warn us a reservation was needed for the Sunday brunch we thought we would be disappointed. Although they were &quot;booked solid&quot; they found room for our party of four. The concierge, Robert was very helpful and suggested a resturant &quot;Gibby's&quot; that was one of the best I have ever eaten in.	
Aug 9 2004	Great location and friendly staff	The Fairmont in Montreal is recently renovated and located right downtown near the best shopping. I had a view on the adjacent cathedral and Sunlife building which was fabulous. I stayed on Fairmont Gold and was treated as royalty. It's like a boutique hotel inside the big hotel. Our room was modern with a great marble bathroom I wish I had at home. The concierges were very friendly, helpful and their advice was priceless. We had dinner in the hotel's Beaver Club and had the best experience. We rarely find service like that anymore and the food was exceptional. It was a treat but well worth it. The hotel also has a nice pool and gym club to unwind.	
Jul 28 2004	Montreal Canada... OK quiet.	Montreal was ok, thanks to the Jazz Festival that was going on. We took a rafting trip and it was fun also.We stayed at the Queen Elizabeth, it was in my scale of 1-5 a 3. Was told to besure and go to Old Town, but it was just a tourist trap, more shops of the same stuff and that was just about it , besides resturant alley!The trip was Ok and no really bad experiences .Pam Urania	
Jul 27 2004	Great service but less than appealing room for the price.	I have stayed at other Fairmont city properties, most recently in San Francisco and San Jose (California), so I had some high expectations. The Queen Elizabeth in Montreal did not come close. The lobby was dark. The front desk staff always seemed to be stressed (even at 4AM). The rooms (I had guests in several rooms) were VERY SMALL in comparison to the BIG room rate. What does make this Fairmont property live up to the Fairmont reputation were the courteous doormen, cheerful phone personnel, and pleasant room attendants (I called for extra towels constantly). In summary: Location is great (underground train station is two levels below the hotel). Pleasant staff and great service (the front desk staff just needs to be a little less anxious). Rooms too small for the price.	
Jul 15 2004	Great Location	My family stayed at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth for a vacation, as suggested by our travel agent. We could not have been more pleased with the hotel. Although there were fancier hotels in the area, we were impressed with the friendly staff and elegant accomodations. The exercise room, free for guests, had a large selection of equipment and was very clean. The location was also perfect-- Our hotel was connected with the Metro and a short walk from all the sites we were interested in seeing during the trip.	
May 19 2004	Magnifique!	Contrary to the bad reviews I've read, our experience at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth was great. Bear in mind that this is a 1950s-era hotel with quite a history. John Lennon and Yoko Ono staged their second famous week-long &quot;bed-in&quot; on May 26, 1969 in suite 1738-40-42. Granted that some parts of this enormous building need a spot of upkeep, the service, at least during our stay, was gracious in the Fairmont tradition. Our one-bedroom executive suite on the 10th floor was beautifully decorated in a continental, yet modern motif, with warm wood furniture and black marble bathrooms with chrome fixtures. From the suite's cleanliness and the condition of the furniture, I suspect it had been renovated recently. The king bed was wonderful...but the food was fantastic! We used room service twice (try the filet mignon); the breakfast buffet in the Montrealais restaurant was delicious too, especially the croissants and freshly baked breads. The best part of this hotel for us was its location. You can walk directly from the lower level into the Place Ville-Marie underground shopping mall, and from there, you can walk into a series of interconnecting malls that span the center of the city. Also, the proximity to Marie-Reine-Du-Monde Cathedral is great -- all in all, this place is the ideal French Canadian experience in the heart of Montreal. 	
Apr 24 2004	Needs TLC!	The Queen Elizabeth is not what we were expecting. We were expecting a 5 star beautiful city hotel, and instead we found a hotel that needed loads of renovations. We had a room in the old section and it looked like the bedding and the carpet were out of the 1970's. It was dissappointing. But its location is good, but not worth the money spent.	
Mar 29 2004	Needs work to become the place again	 As one who has stayed over in the city many times, I have to agree with those who say that the decor strikes one as being out of the 1970s. The Queen has been supplanted by the Lowes Vogue or the Delta as the place to be in the city. The rooms aren't particularly big for a luxury hotel. The one plus to this place is a large pool and a nicely equiped gym. Like all those others, expect to spend C$75/day on top of the listed price for the taxes, parking and whatnot. If you aren't addicted to five star service and want the real Montreal experience, I'd prefer the Chateau d'Argoat to all of them. 	
Mar 25 2004	Disappointingly outdated hotel. Reasonable location.	This hotel was a disappointment. After staying at two other fairly nice Fairmont hotels in Canada (Vancouver and Edmonton), I was quite disappointed with this one. The hotel is large and is conveniently located (on top of the train station), but it looks very outdated, not Victorian outdated but 70's outdated. Not at all what we expected of a Fairmont. It was not bad, bad but I wouldn't stay here again if I have a choice.	
Feb 16 2004	Great hotel worth the money	Comparable in price to the Sheraton, Mariott and Hilton, but much better accommodations, service and location. I tried them all and keep coming back to the Queen E. Newly renovated and better than ever. Compared to hotel prices in NYC they are a bargain!! Don't get me wrong this is not a discount hotel, but no more expensive than others in it's caliber.	
Jan 21 2004	There are better hotels in the area - avoid this one if you can.	Don't let the appearances mislead you.- fire alarms throughout the night - valet parking at $22/night (and our car got scratched) - $12.95 for in-room internet access (some hotels in the area offer this FREE) - charge $1.15 per call for toll-free numbers - prices for breakfast are extreme!!Do yourself a favour and take a moment to look at other hotels in the same area that offer better customer service and facilities.	
Nov 2 2003	Overall very nice	This is the most centrally located hotel in Montreal. If you want to be in the middle of things, stay here. What we didn't like : The lobby wasn't impressive, and I was amazed at how much nicer the other areas of the hotel were. What we did like: Once you leave the lobby, everything gets nicer. The rooms are really special (we stayed in a mini-suite, it was like two rooms for the price of one) and the restaurants are supurb. The pool is nice, but can get noisy if there's too many people. The hotel is situated right over the nicest underground shopping are in Montreal. The hotel elevators actually go right down into the train station and shopping promenade. The elevators are suprisingly fast, you wont have to wait even on a high floor. If you can forget about the lobby (who cares about it anyway) than this is the place for you.	
Oct 14 2003	Great Hotel	The Fairmont Queen Elizabeth is in a great location and within walking distance to shops, easy access to underground shops and train.The service was excellent, the concierge was extremely helpful.Definitely will stay again.	
Sep 25 2003	Gold Service in Montreal	My room on the Gold level of the Queen E. was very stylish. Use of the private salon for R&amp;R was great for me and my wife.	
Sep 17 2003	Avoid this hotel	Although a somewhat regular patron of the Queen Elizabeth, recently my experiences have dropped into the 'terrible' category and I now avoid this hotel &amp; recommend the same to everyone. In my most recent stay the alarm system 'went off' numerous times between midnight &amp; 4:00 am, including announcements to stay in the rooms, with no real emergency apparent. This is the 2nd or 3rd time that this has happened to me, and I have been told that it has happened to other guests at other times. To me there is a fundamental problem with the system. In another incident a hotel employee walked in un-announced to my room even with a 'do not disturb' sign on the door.Overall the experience is terrible, and there are better choices in Montreal.	
Jul 14 2003	Fairmount Queen Elizabeth	A little expensive,but this was a splurge for my wife and me. And so worth it. The Hotel was in Downtown,and was connected to the entire &quot;underground&quot; of trains,metro,shopping and food. The concierge service was great. The Hotel was minutes from the Quebec tourist info center, (where we caught the double-decker bus for a great tour. Tickets were good for two days,so after getting the &quot;lay of the land&quot;, we used the bus like a taxi to get on and off all over the city. The entire week was superb; friendly people, excellent food, and good shopping bargains.	
Jun 7 2003	Loved every moment		
May 1 2003	Bugs		
Mar 22 2003	Loved The Queen Elizabeth		
Feb 21 2003	What a dump!!!		
Feb 19 2003	QE Hotel Disappointing		
Oct 21 2002	Big Not Terribly Special 		
Sep 9 2002	Hotel Theft - How it ruined my family vacation!!!		
Mar 18 2002	Great Place for couples!		
Mar 18 2002	Vista espectacular		
Oct 31 2009 	???????????		
Oct 21 2009	Sehr schönes Haus mit Stil könnte aber hier und da renoviert werden		
Oct 10 2009 	Für ein Fairmont eine Enttäuschung		
Aug 20 2009 	El mejor hotel de Montreal		
Aug 15 2009 	Magnifique		
Aug 2 2009 	??????????????????????????		
Jul 18 2009 	?????		
Feb 16 2009 	Ne perdez pas votre argent!		
Aug 28 2008 	Un excellent séjour		
Nov 5 2007 	Niveau satisfaisant si bon prix obtenu au préalable		
