Nov 23 2009 	We loved it!	After reading the reviews, I had high expectations for the hotel and it lived up to them and more. My kids (4 and 7) upon arrival were immediately charmed by the bellhop guys who high-fived my youngest and talked hockey with my oldest. Really nice to take time like that for little guys. The room was huge and really comfy. A bit too much so, since my husband and I had a hard time getting them outside to see the city. They wanted to go swimming and watch the flat screen tv instead. The pool was really nice for them, and a great vista. However, it's much more of a lap pool. The parking was also convenient. There is a lot right next door and I think it is a bit cheaper. However, it's an outdoor lot and I'm fairly sure there rate of 10 CAD was not for 24 hours like the hotel. Overall, I thought the valet parking charge of 20 CAD was worth it. Overall, the only complaint I heard from our ranks was my husband who claimed the mattress was hard. I however, loved it since I like firmer mattresses. Also, map quest the hotel before you set out for it. The directions included on their website are really, really poor. Luckily we had our iphones and a basic understanding of the Montreal streets or we would have been horribly lost. Anyways, I highly recommend the hotel and can't wait to go back. Super friendly staff!	
Nov 2 2009 	Lovely place great location helpful staff would stay here again	Lovely place, great location. Can easily get to the ‘sights’. Old Town is within walking distance, as is Mount Royal (if you don’t mind walking up hill all the way). Metro station is about 2 minutes walk so can get to Olympic Park and Botanical Gardens very easily.Staff were very helpful. I don’t speak French but that wasn’t a problem as they were happy to converse in English.The Italian restaurant next door was really nice and very reasonable in price.If in Montreal again will definitely stay there again.If you are in Montreal go to the Old Town and get on the Jet Boat ride up the St Lawrence rapids, it is a real blast. You will get wet so if you do decide to do this (rather than a spur of the moment thing) then I would suggest you wear your speedos/costume and take underwear (and a towel) to change into after the trip. Woolly jumpers, over suits and lifejackets are provided, they are not designed to keep you dry.	
Oct 25 2009 	Unique hotel with a great location	My husband and I traveled here as the second part of our honeymoon trip in Canada. I had never been to Montreal before, so it was a bit hard for me to find (although that just might be my lack of city driving skills!)... However, once we found it, we were very pleased! This hotel is located right in the middle of the city, adjacent to Rue St. Catherine! The hotel does charge $20.00 a day for valet parking, but it's an amenity we didn't mind paying for. The concierge/valet service was extremely helpful and even offered to retrieve umbrellas from our car for us on a rainy day.The staff was extremely pleasant and courteous. Because we were on our honeymoon, we were informed that we had been upgraded to a larger room when we checked in. When we entered the room, we were totally blown away. This room was so huge, we didn't know what to do with ourselves!! The pictures online do it no justice, as our ceilings were easily 20 ft. tall, with a separate bedroom area, living area, and kitchen area. It was nicely neat and clean.We were located in the middle of downtown, where everything was just a walk away. Old Montreal was about a 20 minute walk, but this city is really pedestrian friendly. The concierge was really helpful with suggestions for dining out, and recommended some wonderful restaurants. There was complementary continental breakfast served each morning, and a small restaurant attached to the hotel. We didn't eat there, but we wish we had, as it looked good. The best part of the hotel is the roof deck with its amazing view of the city. There are lounge chairs and an indoor swimming pool on the roof. The scenery is incredible in that part of the hotel, and we were frequent visitors.In all, we had a very positive experience here. It was a very classic hotel with many strong points. We certainly recommend it to others!	
Oct 22 2009 	great location in addition to a charming little italian restaurant	this really made our trip pleasurable and comfortable! the hotel's cleanliness and spacious rooms, in addition to the very professional staff, are only outshone by the good location in downtown Montreal as well as the lovely Italian restaurant where we took our lunch and cappucino. great value for money.	
Oct 20 2009 	Best hotel of our entire trip	We stayed in Montreal for 2 nights as part of a 5 week Canada and USA trip. This hotel was a highlight - well located within easy walking distance of the train station and the main shopping strip, yet in a quiet and safe neighbourhood. The room was huge, with a full kitchen/dishwasher and dining table, and the king sized bed was amazingly comfortable. The hotel has a guest laundry and indoor pool on the top floor, and a no charge business centre for internet/computer access. Everything that a traveller needs. Reception staff were efficient and professional and there was no issue with us conversing in English. The only suggestion that I would make to the hotel is to improve the information contained within the guest services directory - there was no mention of the guest laundry, which we found quite by accident as we were exploring the pool area.	
Oct 9 2009 	We were very pleased!	We spent 3 nights at Le Square Phillips and were very pleased with our choice. We booked a standard king suite through hotels.com for approximately $150/night. Given the location in a major metropolitan city, we felt we received an excellent value. As others have written, the rooms are huge. Spacious living area with very tall ceilings, a table with 4 chairs, a fully functional kitchen with full-size refrigerator and oven. The bathroom was adequate if on the older side. The bed was fine but firm, which we like but beware if firm mattresses don't agree with you. The bedding could have been of higher quality (you could nearly see through the sheets). Quiet stay and no issues with maid service.The hotel provides a complimentary breakfast which is on par with most complimentary hotel breakfasts. Plenty of cereal and pastry selections, fruit, yogurt, juice &amp; coffee.We loved the size of the room and the location in Montreal. We walked everywhere or took the Metro. Would definitely stay here again if we return.	
Oct 8 2009 	Rare combo of chic and friendly	We chose this hotel based on other tripadvisor reviews, and we're glad we did. It was a rare combo of chic and friendly. My husband and I loved the urban vibe, and the kids loved the room, the pool, and the breakfast. The hotel is well located, with friendly and helpful staff. A few caveats for families with young kids, though. The pool is 4m deep from end to end - too deep for kids to stand. Great looking flat screen tvs in rooms had limited kid-friendly channels, especially in English. Minor points, really, in an otherwise great stay.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel!	Le Square Phillips is an excellent hotel. The location is ideal; it is centrally located and near several Metro stops. Our room was great; the kitchen was well-equipped, the view was nice, and the unique architecture of building really stood out in the room design. I would recommend the hotel to families and couples alike. The free internet access on hotel computers and breakfast were added bonuses that a lot of up-scale hotels don't include in their offers.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great location	Stayed for 5 nights in a double studio room. Hotel is just minutes from busy Rue Catherine but very quiet. Additionally, the hotel is also a short walk to Chinatown, Old Montreal and Metro lines. The room was just as the picture showed on their web page and had a spacious area where the dining table/kitchen was located. The bathroom was large and very clean.The continental breakfast options (included in the hotel rate) were okay but we chose to buy a selection of items at the markets (see my reviews of the Jean Talon and Atwater markets) on a couple of the days instead of the hotel provided breakfast. Would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Nice Hotel	Located downtown, about a 20 minute walk to Old Town but close to many other attractions this is a smaller hotel with really big, comfortable rooms. Valet parking is $20 a day. Staff was cordial and helpful. Continental breakfast was included but that is my only minor complaint. Very basic, Motel 6-type spread.	
Sep 8 2009 	great deal on a conveniently located hotel friendly staff clean pack n play crib	We stayed here on a 5-day vacation in August 2009. Had a nice problem-free stay in a large room (for no particular reason, we were upgraded to a larger suite than we booked). Fully equipped kitchen was nice- housekeeping did our dishes even though I think that was our responsibility. Room was nice and spacious but not fancy. Plenty of closet space. Clean Pack N Play crib was available for our one-year-old (although no one brought sheets). Hotel was quiet, staff were extremely friendly and helpful with suggestions for restaurants, etc. Pizza place Il Focolaio a couple doors down was really good and had outdoor seating. French restaurant a block away Restaurant Julien was good but pricier. Rooftop pool and deck were small but nice to have. Valet parking was $20 per day. Free internet worked fine (have to ask for a password at the front desk). Free breakfast included the usual fare- sometimes we skipped it. Would stay here again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Large and comfortable bed	A great hotel: large and comfortable bed, large and quiet room, very convenient location.	
Sep 3 2009 	worst hotel experience in 10 years	most overrated hotel. made a reservation based on trip advisor rating bnut TA way off on this one. arrogant check in staff, cold impersonal room, internet connection terrible, coffee and breakfast must be avoided. Room was large but so what. i had to empty the dishwasher when i checked in to get a cup for coffee. The gym is useless. Montreal is a great city. this hotel is like a plain vanilla hotel in any city. no feeling at all that one is in such a great city.I would never stay here again. do yourself a favor and find another hotel to stay in Montreal	
Sep 1 2009 	Largest room ever	Our Junior Suite 411 at the Square Phillips was the largest room I ever have experienced in my 25+ years of travelling around the globe. I took 19 large steps from the kitchen end to the window end and almost 6 steps the narrow side, This included bedroom, living room and kitchen. Partitions separated them somewhat. Additionally comes a long isle opening to a medium sized bathroom with missing decor and a walk in closet. Overall easily more than 100 square meters. Amazing! Obviously they had some space left when transforming the office building into a hotel. Location was good, though you needed ground transportation to go to the trendy latin quarter. Staff was helpful and friendly. The hotel was quiet though we had some loud neighbors baging doors Sunday early morning.Just one question: Who needs 2 oversized flat screen TVs in listening distance? WiFi worked fine.	
Aug 28 2009 	Good Value	Stayed here for two nights on a Friday and Saturday in late August as part of a trip to Montreal &amp; Quebec City. Great Value. Good location, easy-in easy out with Valet Parking. Its within walking distance of shopping old Montreal &amp; Chinatown (although a bit far for the later two).We had a large roon with a full kitchen complete with refrigerator, microwave, table plates and utensils. Breakfast was included but is limited but adequate(cereal, bagels, peanut butter, bread, muffins and fruit).Would certainly recommned for families and for longer satys.	
Aug 27 2009 	Ideal location but not perfect	The location in downtown Montreal cannot be beaten - ideal for shopping, cultural activities, visits to museums and old Montreal. The rooms are certainly large with confortable beds, although the decor and bathrooms appear somewhat dated. Free internet access if provided to those with their own computer - otherwise at the business centre on the first floor. Breakfast is served until 0930 and the breakfast room gets overcrowded with families vying for tables and squeezing past each other to get to the food - which is basic fare. Check in staff were OK but did not bother to explain the hotel's facilities. The biggest pain was the housekeeping staff - they will even enter the room while you are at breakfast and before you are even ready for the day ahead, or they will call you on the phone to ask when you are leaving. However, their activities did not seem to stretch to changing the bed linen - during a week long stay, this did not happen once.	
Aug 26 2009 	Wonderful location and lots nearby	I stayed for three nights and it was wonderful! Check in was quick and the staff friendly. Concierge answered my questions and mapped out where/how to get to places. Valet parking was easy. Location is great. You are 1 1/2 blocks from Ste Catherine's Street which is very active with lots of restaurants, shops, and people. I felt fine to walk around alone. You are also within blocks of many churches and museums. Leave your car with the valet and use subway and buses. The system was easy to get around. Breakfast at the hotel was fine...mostly breads, fruit, cereal and juice...enough for me. My room was quite large and when I asked apparently I had a smaller room. It had 2 beds, a full kitchen and a large bathroom. Very clean. I would definitely plan to stay there again.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great for teens	Great location. Big rooms which our two teenagers liked. Excellent service and very secure. Two Internet terminals in business centre at lobby level. Breakfast could be better if there were more choices. Small gym and beautiful swimming pool on top level. Also a nice deck on roof. Central to downtown Montreal. Beds are very firm but we were ok with them. Would definitely go back.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great set up all-around	We spent four nights in a two bedroom suite - incredibly spacious. The hotel is very centrally located so you can walk in many different directions. The included breakfast is very simple but it is quick and easy and filling. It is very nice not to have to look for another restaurant for a meal.The pool is small but very nice with a nice roof-top deck.The hotel is very quiet. I was always surprised at how many people were in the breakfast room given that we didn't hear or see them at any other time of day.We will definitely go back to this hotel	
Aug 23 2009 	Lovely---Perfect for our little family.	Most have already covered what we would say. It would be nice to see a bit more variety in the breakfast, but that is our only small quibble. It is so comfortable, and the service was fabulous--they were lovely and classy, and not at all pretentious. The pizza place a few doors down had good thin-crust pizza--you can take it back to your room or eat on the patio area there, so it's really convenient. The hotel downstairs was nice, but a bit pricier/nicer than necessary for a family with an impatient small child. They were very accommodating, but it was kinda wasted on her 4-year-old sensibilities.	
Aug 22 2009 	Best hotel on the planet	HUGE, HUGE room with FULL FRIDGE, MicroWave, 4-burner stove and *EVERYTHING*, very reasonable prices (for Montreal), totally awesome staff!They are large enuf to be very professional,andThey are SMALL enuf to be very PERSONAL, and to remember you, your car, etc. etc.Great view from the 11th floor pool balcony!Very close to underground shopping, ... everything you could want is in walking distance4 blocks to IGA, 5 blocks to Palace de Congress ... 1 or 2 or 3 blocks to *AWESOME* food ... Easy walk to &quot;Old Town&quot; where the hotel prices are 1.5x to 2x more.Parking is *INDOOR* and the Valet/Concierge is *VERY* *FAST*!!	
Aug 18 2009 	Excellent service and amenities	I stayed at the Square Philips for four nights at the end of July 2009. We booked junior suite. This hotel does live up with the standard described on tripavisor. service was excellent as we checked in, one the receptionist who was on its way to leave work came back checked us in. The attention was really apreciated. the rooms are nice, very quiet with a decent bathroom, good choice of TV channels. Concerige and other staffs were truly helpfull during our stay. On the less postive side is the breakfast which is not worth the trip in my opnion, although is free. But all in all, this hotel has allowed us a very enjoyable time in Montreal.	
Aug 12 2009 	Perfect for our purposes	My husband and I traveled to Montreal for our anniversary and wanted to be in a fairly central location with access to public transportation. We found the Le Square Phillips to be excellent for our purposes. We also enjoyed our late afternoon time on the rooftop deck to relax with some wine. The rooms were spacious and clean with a kitchen. The breakfasts were adequate. Although we weren't able to get much direction from the concierge, we had done homework before hand so it wasn't a big deal. If you are looking for extreme luxury, the Le Square Phillips is probably not for you. However, if you are looking for comfortable, centrally located with access to public transportation, and an inviting spot to watch the city go by, this is the place. We would definitely stay again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent location perfect for a short or in my case 7 week stay	This hotel is right in the middle of downtown montreal. It is very close to loads of restaurants, st Catherine st full of shopping and walking distance to the port, old montreal, mont royal, latin quarter etc. It is also a very short walk to the metro to go to other places. The hotel staff are helpful but not obstrusive which is what I like so perfect for our family. The rooms are huge and come with a fully equipped kitchen, massive bathroom by hotel standards and daily room service. Valet parking is also available. Concierges are very helpful if you ask and there is a great Italian restaurant colocated but not part of the hotel. The rates are very good for such a location and size of room. There is a small but adequately equipped gym, infact, in 7 weeks not once did we have to wait to use the equipment. There is a coin operated laundry and roof top pool and terrace. Continental breakfast is included and while adequate choice is provided the room set up is not ideal, we avoided the place on the weekends as it was very crowded, during the week is fine but you have a tray in your room and can go grab what you want and then toast away in your room. There is free wireless internet also which we took advantage of and a business centre where you can print if you need too. Given we were there in the summer we could hear the music festivals (jazz and francofolies) from the roof top or walk easily to the shows. All up we recommend this place for short or long stay and especially for families.	
Aug 9 2009 	Perfect again!	Arrived late, and no problem. Staff friendly as usual. Got great opinions on places to visit. Never a miss with this hotel. The studio room was so large, we had no complaints. Every appliance is so clean, it is just a nice feeling to be in a clean atmosphere away from home. All-in-all, you can't want more for your money. Again, the complimentary breakfast was a very nice touch. Right downtown in the mix. The Bay is at the end of the block for great shopping. Movie house about five minutes away, and the amtrak station is within a fifteen min walking distance. Let this hotel be your base for a pleasant stay in Montreal.	
Aug 3 2009 	Good for Short Stay Fantastic for a Long One	I spent a month on business in the Square Phillips along with my wife. We had a junior suite which was, to put it mildly, spacious. The kitchen was well equipped with real appliances, the bathroom was huge and the other spaces were, well, roomy. There is closet space galore. Very comfy for a long stay. The location is central. It is a short walk to the Central RR Station and very close to the Metro and the underground city (important in Winter). Many major Montreal corporate HQs and business locations are within a short walk. Breakfast is included, although it is a somewhat minimal continental (toast, croissants, bagels) with cereal and yogurt and fruit. Nonetheless, the items available were good. We supplemented with our own berries and other things bought in a nearby supermarket. Many restaurants serving a full breakfast are nearby. There is an Italian restaurant in the building (not really part of the hotel, although you can order room service). It was good, although we found it a tad pricey. There are many, many other restaurants of all types in the immediate neighborhood. High speed Internet is available via a hard-wired plug and Wifi. It works well, although it slows down noticeably in the evening when many other users are on. The staff were great, cooperative and helpful. The only negative - the windows don't open! No problem most of the year, but a bit frustrating on a nice spring day.	
Jul 30 2009 	Wonderful!	We stayed in a studio suite for two nights and were very impressed! With active 2.5 and 4.5 year old boys in tow, we needed a spacious room with a full kitchen--and Le Square Phillips delivered! As the hotel was converted from a warehouse in 2003, the rooms are very big, with the celing about 14 feet high. Kitchen:The kitchen had all major appliances including dishwasher, plus toaster and kettle. All crockery, dishes, and utensils were also there. There was also a drying rack for hand washed items. The kitchen was so well stocked that we were able to prepare our dinners both nights. There was a circular table with four chairs.Bathroom:Spacious and fairly clean--lots of counter space. The water pressure of the shower is a bit high though. The toiletries aren't very good either.Room:Very clean, spacious with lots of closets and shelving. LCD TV with a one seater and ottoman, and a desk and chair. Trendy furniture. The two mattresses were firm as others mentioned, but we loved them. The pillows were awful though; propping two together made it almost tolerable. We were surprised to find that there were no blankets under the sheets. But a call to the service desk fixed the problem right away. Free internet access but no in-room safe. There is a safety deposit box at the front desk which we did not use.Location:Super! A five minute walk to the Eatons Centre mall and Chinatown, and about a 20 minute walk to Old Montreal.Amenities:There is a roof-top pool and fitness centre with a terrace overlooking the area. Beautiful. The pool was narrow and only four feet deep, but the kids had a lot of fun with their PFDs on. There is a free continental breakfast (fruits, muffins, breads, cereals, etc.) that was adequate. Valet parking is $20/day. We never asked for the car until departure, so I don't know how easy/difficult it would've been to access it had we left something inside. But we had no problems getting it upon checking out.All in all, this was an awesome place. With a government rate, it was really worth it! Will definitely return.	
Jul 28 2009 	Lovely hotel overpriced make sure it is right location for your visit.	Without doubt, this is a lovely hotel: very modern, chic, and twenty-first century. The room is HUGE; this is the only time I might complain about the room being too big. In my opinion, the hotel is overpriced at approximately $200 (US) per night. If your aim is to be near the St. Catherine Street shopping area, the location is perfect. If, however, you desire to be spend your time in Old Montreal, near the docks, or at Cirque de Soleil, it is quite a hike from Le Square Phillips Hotel. Concierge service lackluster. For our purposes, our stay in the Holiday Inn Express in Chinatown was far better. The property does not meet the standard of Le Square Phillip, but the location is great (a couple of blocks from Notre Dame Basilica) and forty percent cheaper.	
Jul 26 2009 	Nothing Special	Stayed 3 nights in July '09. Good location right in downtown and convenient to old town and china town. The rooms were clean and adequate, although not spectacular. Having a kitchen is nice, and there's a grocery store 4 blocks from hotel. The hotel has a clinical feel to it however, it's not warm nor inviting, Some of the staff were really friendly, others were actually rude. Parking is always a hassle and except late at night there's always a line of double-parked cars in front of the place. I won't return, my feeling is that for the money there must be better places to stay in Montreal and I can't imagine how it gets such a high rating on here. Also, the pool is really just a lap pool, 4 feet deep at all places and perhaps 10 X 20 in area.	
Jul 23 2009 	Good value - huge rooms	The other reviews are accurate -- what can we add: really huge rooms, huge bathroom, excellent service staff (and friendly and very knowledgeable about Montreal). The breakfasts are substantial - but nothing fancy. Overall, the place is really quite a value -- and all in downtown Montreal 2 blocks from the Metro. Sq. Phillips is a 15 min walk from old Montreal, and only a block fro a huge shopping centre.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location clean large rooms	The location of this hotel is excellent - within walking distance of downtown, Vieux Montreal and Mont-Royal. We did not use our car during our stay, however, note that if you valet park your car at the hotel, you cannot easily gain access to it to retrieve any items you may have forgotten to take out upon arrival. The studio room with two double beds and kitchenette was large and the high ceilings made it feel very spacious. The room was clean, the beds were firm and comfortable. The breakfast included cereals, breads, bagels, fruit and juices. The rooftop pool (clean but small) and deck offers a nice view of the city. Also, we had an excellent meal at a restaurant down the street - Le Grand Comptoir.	
Jul 16 2009 	Excellent hotel	This was a fantastic hotel. We were in Montreal for the Jazz festival in early July.Every thing from the rooms to location to value were great and the service was sensational, complimentary breakfast was also great.Highly recommended!	
Jul 16 2009 	As good as I expected	Traveled with a friend and we had a good time staying in that hotel. Very nice and friendly staff. Only problem was a group of noisy and drunk american teens in our floor.	
Jul 13 2009 	Beware - they will downgrade you because they can't get your room ready!	I will let the readers of Tripadvisor be the judge of our experience. We arrived at 2:45pm and were told that the room is not ready as the previous person stayed there for 89days (yes..89) and it will take a little longer to clean. At around 3:30pm, we were told that it will take a least another 2hrs to clean the room, so they will offer us another one. They did not tell us at the time that it would be a downgraded room. I had booked a one bedroom suite with a sofa bed and we ended up with a studio with two double beds. We were very tired and decided to just let it go. Later that evening, we decided to go out for dessert. We asked the valet to bring the car around and after waiting for 20minutes, the valet comes back breathless to tell us that he dropped the car key down the elevator shaft. Oh well...the poor boy looked so scared that we decided to just let it go. He promised that they will have parking security retrieve the key by early morning..which they did. We braved the elements and walked to St. Catherines for a bite - we eventually bought pizza to eat in our room. We checked out the next morning and realized that they charged us for the one bedroom rate and did not even bother to give us complimentary parking for the inconvenience. I wanted to speak to the manager about the &quot;downgrade&quot; in room, but one was not available. As we were on our way to Mt. Tremblant - we let that go as well. I am in the process of trying to contact management.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great hotel perfect location excellent for families	We stayed 3 nights in early July, and thoroughly enjoyed it. We totally agree with all the good points of all the other reviews, the staff is friendly and helpful, the hotel is modern looking, clean, with nice high ceilings. We had a studio with 2 double beds, and while probably not as big as other suites, still felt roomy with the high ceilings. We liked the firm mattresses, did not find them too hard. The pool is clean and well maintained, only it may be a bit deep for younger children as it is 1.4m all around, my daughter had a pfd and thoroughly enjoyed the pool. The location is very convenient, 5 minute walk in opposite directions to 2 subway stations. We bought a 3 day tourist pass, which was very useful for getting around. For basic groceries eg milk, water etc, there is a Pharmaprix on St Catherine street nearby.The underground mall is very close as well.We found the valet parking good, at first we parked at the open parking next door, then parked at the hotel. They were very quick in getting our car, the parking is indoor and secure, if you do not plan to use your car often, then I recommend using the valet parking.The kitchen was very well equipped, we made use of most of the items preparing a simple meal with take out items.All in all, it was a very comfortable stay, very good value, and would definitely choose Le Square Phillips again.	
Jul 8 2009 	Fanastic Stay at Square Phillips Hotel!!!	I went to Montreal for a 5 day trip in early July 2009 and stayed for 4 nights. I choose Le Square Phillips Hotel based on the fanastic reviews online and was definately not disappointed. It was a great hotel and would totally recommend it. The hotel is located just off St. Catherine's street, but just far away that it isn't too noisy. It is a 5 minute walk to the train station and located between 2 subway stations (McGill and Square Victoria). There were people on the street all the time, so I felt safe walking around at night (which is a big plus, as I was a solo female traveller in my early 20s). There is also a drug store within walking distance and many resturants. The Eaton Centre was about a 10-15 minute walk away. Old Montreal was a longer walk away (20+ minutes), but managable and if you hop on the subway at Square Victoria, it is only 2 stops away. I had a deluxe king studio room and it was HUGE! There was a king size bed, large flat screen TV, a full kitchen (fridge, dishes, dishwasher and sink) and big bathroom. There was piles of space and would be really good for families. There were large windows and the room had cool archiectural details. Yes, the beds were firm as the other reviews mentioned, but it was managable. There was a free breakfast on the second floor every day and it was very good. They had toast, cereal, english muffins, muffins, croissants, fruit, juice and coffee. If you want a hot breakfast, then this isn't the place. But it had all the basics and was a good way to start the day. My only complaint (and it was so minor) was that the staff was a little too efficient and often cleared your plates if you went up for a second cup of coffee or juice. But again, very minor issue. The people at the concierge desk were fanastic! I asked them lots of questions every morning about where to go and how to get there, and they were always very helpful. Their recommendations were great and they patiently explained how best to get from place to place. There is a indoor pool, fitness centre and patio on the top floor. I visited the patio several times and it was very relaxing to sit there at the end of the day watching the sunset. I'm not sure when it opens, but it stays open until 10:00. I would definately recommend Le Square Phillips Hotel and Suites to fellow travellers, in particular families. My stay there was fanastic and would go back again without hesitation.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great Hotel for families	We were at Le Square Phillips the second week of June. Everything we read about it is true. It is a great hotel for families. The beds are a little firm, but we got used to it. The rooms are HUGE, the bathroom is large, the kitchen is great. The breakfast is basic, but good. Bagels, croissants, toast, yogurt, fruit. If you want eggs and meat, you will not be happy. However, there is a Tim Hortons across the street. Definitely try IL Focolaio, about two doors down, they make 70 kinds of pizza and the staff are very nice! Also, next to them is Amir's, a Lebanese restaurant, I believe they are a chain, but very good food also. The laundry room is wonderful, the machines cost $2 each ($2 to wash, $2 to dry) and take loonies only. You can buy a small box of detergent at the front desk for one dollar. The pool is small, but our two children were happy. The location is good, walking distance to Old Montreal (a long walk, though, for young children). Also, a special thanks to Antonin, the best concierge in the world. He was very patient with us and our children. Over all, we were very, very happy with our stay. We were sorry to leave, and will definitely be back.	
Jun 28 2009 	A very comfortable and friendly hotel	It was great because they were able to accommodate, 3 adults, 2 kids and 1 baby in a 2 bedroom suite at a fairly reasonable price. Our kids enjoyed the pool and were very comfortable in our spacious room. I thought the beds were very comfortable, the staff were very friendly and the location was great.	
Jun 28 2009 	Comfortable and roomy	Would second all positive comments made and our stay was very pleasant.Just some small areas for improvement: we stayed with 4 adults + one child in &quot;2&quot; bedroom suite. 1 bed room has door but 2nd bed room is half open to living, a privacy screen would be useful. Also, an extra comfy TV chair would be useful (only 1 couch + 1 chair provided).	
Jun 22 2009 	Great hotel felt like home	Myself, my wife, and our 3 month old son just stayed 3 nights, 4 days at this hotel. We enjoyed our stay. The suite was like living in an apartment. The bedroom had lots of space; enough for the travel playpen we brought for our baby. Lots of room and the comforts of home. The kitchen was was equiped enough for a short stay. Maid service was thorough and good - they even did our dishes while we were out.There were only two negatives in my opinion. There is valet parking, so better make sure you take everything you need from the car. Although you can call for your car anytime, there is still some inconvenience. I may be biased as I don't like valet parking.The second negative was the Italian restautant next door that provides the room service. The food was good, but truly over priced. There are lots of other restaurants nearby, or buy food and keep in the fridge.Other than that, we enjoyed our stay at this centrally located hotel.	
Jun 19 2009 	Fantastic location service rooms and rooftop pool	We were very impressed by this hotel. It was within walking distance of most of the Montreal sites. The room was extremely spacious with a kitchen, dining room table, large bathroom and sleeping area. We loved the room! We used the pool which was a perfect way to relax after walking miles in wonderful Montreal. We also used the coin laundry. Everything, including the laundry, was spotless! We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 17 2009	Just an average hotel	we went to montreal for 3 days and stayed at this hotel. this hotel is in the down town and is near the main attractions of the city. the plus point is that the coffee and breakfast is complementary. the rooms are priced high. internet is really fast. but still i think you can get better deal at the same price. The indoor swimming pool is good and is heated.	
Jun 17 2009 	What a pleasure	We stayed at Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites for 4 nights in March. Our suite was spotless and spacious, with a sensible design for a couple with a baby as there is a partition between the bedroom and living area if you need to put a baby's crib there. The lounge area is roomy and there is plenty of cupboard space too. The rooms are very quiet and we did not hear any noise from neighbours or hotel staff. The Italian restaurant downstairs is fantastico, so you can easily order take-aways from them and they deliver to your room. We found this very useful with a sleeping baby after a tiring day. The hotel is centrally located too. Breakfast is basic, but adequate. Excellent value and ideal for families with young ones or kids.	
Jun 16 2009	loved to stay	its was a exelent hotel,we enjoyed the french culture there,rooms were exelent,rents for the rooms were reasonable,we stayed in the junior suite king,rooms were well furnished,kitchen were well equiped,rooftop swiming pool was was amazing,exercise room was well equiped,laundromat was also there.hotel is in the downtown so we can see the nite life	
Jun 15 2009 	This hotel is over rated!	We were on our honeymoon in Canada and our last stop was Montreal. I had read all the great reviews for this hotel on trip advisor and decided to book our 2 last nights in Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites. The location is good as it's near the shopping district and you can also walk to Mount Royal and old Montreal, but other than that it is pretty basic. We were told when we checked in that breakfast was complimentary, but when we went for breakfast the next morning we were disappointed. The expression you don't get any for free is true, unless you like bruised fruit and stale croissants, give this a miss. Also we stayed in 7 hotels on our honeymoon and this was the only hotel that didn't offer us a room upgrade or a small gift, so again we were disappointed with the service. Montreal is an interesting city and if you are planning a trip do not miss cirque du soleil, the show we went to see was out of this world, but find a better hotel!	
Jun 11 2009 	A little disappointed ... :o(	After our flight was delayed 3 hours we arrived at the hotel at 12.30pm. When we tried to check in we were told we needed the credit card that we made the reservation with. Being from Australia the person that had the credit card was unreachable and so we suggested we pay for the first night so that we could arrange the other details at a later stage (when we weren't already exhausted!)We were made to call the person any way, being told that arranging one night would cost the total of the booking (a week reservation). Having no luck as they couldn't dial international numbers were were told that we would have to use the credit card number that they had on file (that they wouldn't charge the room to?!) We were told to go to the local hostel and come back the next day to try and fix the booking then. After 2 hours we returned to the hotel and paid cash which they then accepted and we eventually got a room. Since the first night we have had a pleasant stay and there have been no issues since, but I am still a little irritated to be told to go to a hostel when they have my booking details! There surely should have been some way of dealing with this situation without sending paying customers away in the middle of the night because of internal processes, poor customer service!	
Jun 9 2009 	Well appointed and good value	Took a long weekend trip to Montreal. Taking advantage of the weaker Canadian dollar and the warmer weather months was a definate plus. We took an outting there for the beer festival going on and this hotel seemed adequate for our larger group and based on past feedback on this site I took the plunge. We got a family suite, which was basically a 2 bed setup with one bedroom closed off and the other in a studio-style with a partition separating it from the kitchen.The room was pretty large, and there was ample seating and room. The view if you want to call it that. Was of a parking lot. On the otherhand the room did have ample sunlight. We had minor issues connecting an xbox to the TV, it had the ports conveniently handy but it wasnt working and took some calls to get it going.Didnt have food service, and we accidentally broke a glass but we werent hassled for it which was a relief. There is a small indoor pool and balcony on the top floor and it was pretty relaxing way to unwind and get some air. It was an enjoyable stay and the location was good, with the mall a block away and the downtown area just around the corner.	
Jun 1 2009 	We love this hotel!	This hotel might not be for everyone, but if you enjoy a large quiet room in the middle of a busy city, and enjoy eating your meals in restaurants and not in a hotel, this might be for you. It is also a good value.	
May 31 2009 	No Wow Factor	Given the outstanding grading by most reviewers, we were expecting something spectacular.First off… it gets 4 out of 5, so it is pretty good.The hotel is in downtown Montreal in an average street; the Hotel front is far from Grande or welcoming. When you arrive you have to hand the car over for valet parking, which means you feel as though you can’t forget anything in it.The reception area is rather narrow and the lobby plain and rather 3 star.The staff were extremely pleasant and welcoming.The rooms, as you will read elsewhere are large and reasonably well appointed (we were upgraded as they could not put us next to our friends as requested).The pool is small, but up on the top floor, next to a somewhat sparse gym.Breakfast was a disappointment. The cold buffet was OK, but despite large bedrooms, the dinning room is cramped and somewhat like a cafeteria.Overall rooms are pretty good, location OK and staff excellent. The hotel is lacking in style, but good for a business or weekend trip.For a romantic break I’d go for the ‘Auberge du Vieux-Port’.	
May 30 2009 	Excellent hotel 	My husband &amp; I visited this hotel over Memorial Day weekend with our 2 four-year old children. We chose this hotel based on the great reviews on this site and we were very happy. The room was big enough to allow our little ones extra room to move about. Plus having the kitchinette and all the utensils made meals very easy. The room was spotless and well made up. The only drawback is that there was no wifi. You had to get a cable from the front desk for your laptop but since we only brought our phones we had to wait till we went out to access wifi. We all enjoyed the rooftop pool. The fitness center is quite small. The price for this hotel is great for being in downtown Montreal. There was everything we needed in close proximity. We'll definitely go back, the service was very friendly.	
May 29 2009 	Great Location	This hotel was excellent! I didn't realize how close it was to everything when we booked. It was about a 10 minute walk to Old Montreal and to the bars along St. Catherine. The Underground city was about a 5 minute walk and 2 subway stations were about 5 minutes away also. The rooms were great, very big and very clean. Great water pressure from the shower. Didn't see the pool and only woke up early enough for breakfast once. Would highly recommend it to anyone! Side note: if going to Montreal for the first time, I highly recommend the walking tour of old Montreal, very informative!	
May 28 2009 	Great place to stay in Montreal!	Trip Advisor does it again! We use Trip Advisor before booking all our hotel rooms, and the reviews for this hotel were very good. We were not disappointed by the Square Phillips! We booked the family suite for our family of three (daughter is 20 months), and it was great. The room was absolutely huge, and had virtually two bedrooms, so we could put baby to sleep in her own room, and still stay up to watch tv, chat etc. The hotel isn't fancy, but the decor and well appointed kitchen served all of our needs perfectly. The location is great, about a 15 minute walk to Old Montreal, and a nice walk to get there. The continental breakfast being included is a nice bonus too. The only negatives I have are 1) the concierges were not very good - the 2-3 times we dealt with them, they didn't seem to know much, nor were they particularly helpful (e.g. we asked where to find a neighborhood restaurant where we'd be comfortable bringing our little daughter, and the area he suggested was shops upon shops and a BAR..no restaurants!). And 2) the pool is darn chilly, so be prepared! Overall, a fantastic hotel experience, would stay there again!	
May 27 2009 	Very nice hotel and great location!	I was staying at this hotel for business for three days and it was a very enjoyable stay. The room was very nice &amp; clean. The service was great as well. The location couldnt have been better, I was five minutes away (walking) from my office and after I was done, everything was so close by it was easy for me to get around. I would def stay at this hotel again.	
May 22 2009 	Nice big rooms good breakfast and nice pool	Stayed with my partner and 1 yr old daughter, nice large room with kitchen facilities, which is great if you have a young child. Also was able to hire a cot for free, and high chairs provided.The breakfast was great, plenty of choice, nice and tastey. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Good location everything walkable, and very near the metro.Also computers for use, which is very helpful.	
May 18 2009 	Excellent location excellent room excellent staff!	We stayed at the Le Square Phillips over the long weekend, May 15-18, 2009 on the recommendation of other Trip Advisor members and had a great experience overall.The location of the hotel is perfect. It is right in the middle of downtown, less than a block south of St. Catherines Sreet and all the shopping it offers. It is also only a 15-minutes walk to Old Montreal, which is where we like to be when in Monteal.The hotel itself is modest. A small reception area, a small sitting area, no bar. However, considering the location there are plenty of bars and restaurants in teh area so I guess you don't really need that inside the hotel.The room that we booked was a studio king. The room was big, with a sitting area and a kitchenette. The bathroom was relatively small and the bath tub not very functional, but the rest of the room made up for that. The hotel towels were nice and soft and the robe comfy. The kitchen was fully stocked in case you wanted to use it (which we didn't). The room had free internet which was great since I had to get some work done over the weekend. The hotel advertises that breakfast is included. Based on our previous experience, we assumed that since the website did not advertise that the breakfast was continental breakfast, that it would be a full buffet breakfast. However, the breakfast was continental breakfast and a little disappointing if you are not a carbs fan (which I am, but my husband is not). Breakfast included montreal bagels, bread, muffins, fruit, cereal, juice and coffee. We had breakfast at the hotel the first morning but went out for breakfast the next 2 mornings. The service at the hotel is magnificent. We asked for recommendations for restaurants for dinner on two occassions, and both times the reception staff sent out to fabulous restaurants that we very much enjoyed. The staff responded to every request quickly (ie more towels, which were sent up in less than 5 minutes) and over all were very keen on good customer service. We recommend this hotel to anyone who is staying in Monteal and wants a central location, good customer service, and doesn't care about hotel amenities (ie bar, breakfast, etc).	
May 18 2009 	best hotel for price	We love this hotel. It is located right downtown in the shopping district just off to the side so not too loud at night. The rooms are huge with high ceilings and windows. The room had a kitchen so you can bring food, do some cooking if you like. The room was very clean and the bed comfortable. We had plasma/lcd tv. Service was very quick and attentive. Breakfast was included and had bagels, croissants, muffins with coffees, juices. We've stayed in many hotels in Montreal, some more expensive but for the price, you cannot beat this hotel. Highly recommended!	
May 13 2009 	Best hotel I stayed in thusfar!	We arrived late in a rainy Montreal after a long drive from Niagara Falls. We were greeted by the friendly staff and got the keys to our room/studio. We booked a 1-room appartment and when we entered the room it was bigger than booked. We were tired so got to bed and slept wonderfully. The next morning we asked about the room, if there had been a mistake but the lady at the counter replied we got a free upgrade. That was a nice surprise and a first for us.We now had a nice big 1-bedroom studio, and really enjoyed it. It had a well equipped kitchen with an oven, microwave, stove, refrigerator and a small dining table.If we ever return to Montreal we are sure to stay here!	
May 11 2009 	Great Place	Check in:Friendly, easy and smooth. The lobby is very nice and valet parking is available for 20 dollars CDN per night. Room:Clean and well equipped. The bed was comfortable, the air conditioning worked well and you could not hear noise in the hallways.Amenities:A pool, roof top patio, on site restaurant, concierge, valet parking, maid service, buffet breakfast, free internet, as well as fully equipped kitchen make this hotel a memorable experience.Location:Can't get better.Service:Friendly.Overall:A great experience!	
Apr 27 2009 	Excellent Value for Money	This is an excellent hotel for holiday makers as well as business clients! The rooms are nice and spacy. There is internet connection in the room, so all you do is plug-in. You can cook if you so desire and some basisc cooking utensils are provided in-room. The breakfast was a new experience as it was a really good spread. The hotel staff were all very friendly and ready to help.The hotel is also centrally located and the shopping areas are right there! There are different restaurants all over the place so meals was never any issue and if you dont want to move out the hotel has its own restaurant.This was one of the best places we've stayed!	
Apr 24 2009 	just amazing!	I took a suite...wow! it was hige and clean! we had a separate bedroom - full kitchenette and living room! two flat screen tv's one in the bedroom and one in the living room ..very spacious with huge ceilings...absolutely perfect! the breakfast is included _ it is a area that is just like a restaurant and it is a self serve (all you can eat) breakfast with all the essentials.staff was very pleasant.. t is close to everything _ I will definitely go back!!! and soon!	
Apr 22 2009 	Great location Downton Montreal	Central location. Great suites for a family and a nice pool on the 10th floor.	
Apr 20 2009 	Very Nice Room Great Value	My wife and I stayed herre with our 5 year old daughter for 3 nights in early April. We loved the room. Very spacious with high ceilings and a kitchenette. The roof top pool was small but we still enjoyed a swim each night. The hotel is very centrally located: we walked to all the sights including Notre Dame, the Old City and the Museum of Fine Arts. The breakfast was nothing special but the staff was friendly and helpful and overall I wouldn't hesitate to return.	
Apr 17 2009 	Excellent stay great central location and perfect room	The hotel has an excellent central location, within minutes you can walk anywhere. Mcgill train station is two blocks away or you can go into Le Bay department store and catch the train from the basement floor. There are several entrances to the underground mall, one in the department store and another location on the corner of the church. If you walk on Catherine street you will find lots of currency exchanges, restaurants, shops and even signs on how to get to the tourist information center (they will give you free maps, information and advise). A few steps away is a pizza place (think it's called pizza II, not sure) that sells good pizza (personal pans with diverse toppings). If you get hungry in the middle of the night, do not want to go out and have the internet you can order from orderin.ca I used that website a couple of times and had food delivered to my room. I had a studio.The room is completely clean, the bathroom is really nice, well lit, very roomy, tub is pretty big and the water pressure from the shower is amazing (they have 4 settings on the shower head). It's pretty strange that they gave me one robe instead of two, considering that I booked it for two people, no biggie though.The kitchen is beautiful as well, there is a full fridge/freezer, oven, toaster, coffee maker, water boiler, microwave. In the cabinets you will have dishes, glasses, forks, knives, spoons and cooking utensils. The oven has a compartment which has pots and pans for your cooking. There is also a dish washing machine, the cleaning employee will wash your dishes in the machine if you leave them in the sink or dirty inside the machine, however you are provided with soap below the sink. I used the kitchen a lot and constantly would stock up on drinks purchased from a close market called IGA which you can also enter from the underground mall. The beds are massive, very firm (I didn't mind it however my boyfriend hated it because it hurt his back), pillows are soft and the duvet is warm. The TV has a mountable stand which is great if you are eating in the kitchen and want to watch TV. There is also a box (forgive me if I do not know the word for it, I attached pictures) where you can hook up your computer (VGA connector), DVD player etc. (you have have the proper wires for this). One thing that got me really upset was that the controls for the TV volume had been locked midpoint, which was pretty low for a room of the size. If you had the washing machine on and the TV at their max, you would not be able to hear it. They give you an ethernet cable to go online with (the cable is real short like 3 foot), They shut mine off on the day I was checking out, which got me really upset especially since I needed to check the bus schedule.The hotel has some great amenities; clean pool, small gym room with weights and cardio machines, patio with beautiful view, laundry room.The breakfast was OK I guess, it was not continental. You have 4 choices of cereal, breads, muffins, frozen waffles, bagels, apples and yogurt. Even though it was unlimited, It took a lot to fill me up. See the pictures attached of the breakfast room.Pros: Location, clean, good amenities, big bed, full kitchen, fast elevators, excellent and professional staffCons: Bed too stiff, TV locked to a very low volume, wired internet, wired internet shut off the day you are scheduled to depart, wished the breakfast was a little bit better	
Apr 3 2009 	Perfect location perfect room	We spent 2 nights here and were very pleased. The hotel is in a great location, very close to downtown (St. Catherine street) &amp; the underground shopping, within walking distance to the Old Town, and we walked to the Bell Center for a hockey game one evening.The room was much larger than we had expected, and they use high quality linens and towels. Free internet access in the rooms was certainly a plus. (They give you an USB cable upon check-in to use, it's not wireless). The area around the hotel seemed very safe at night to walk around and enjoy the evening sights. The hotel staff were very helpful at both check in &amp; out, not simply just being helpful, but doing it with genuine smiles upon their faces. Very English friendly.	
Mar 19 2009 	Perfect	I stayed in this city centre hotel with my teenage son to explore Montreal. It was as reviewed on Tripadvisor, very very central. We had a very spacious and comfortable room and though round the corner from the Jazz Festival we were not in the least disturbed by noise. I would be happy to recommend this hotel in the depths of Winter also due to its close proximity to the vast array of underground shopping access. We had to fly home suddenly due to a family illness and I was facilitated with an easy checkout a day early and not penalised for leaving at short notice.	
Mar 16 2009 	It?all true	We stayed at Le Square Phillips after reading all the reviews here..and they are all true. This is a great hotel for families. We had a junior suite with two double beds and the room was absolutely enormous with high high ceilings, LCD TV, wired internet(ethernet cable provided with refundable deposit) and a full kitchen. Everything was well provisioned for a short or long stay. The kitchen was great for making a fast snack, storing beverages, and adding a touch of home to a hotel stay. Staff were polite and friendly.The pool was small but was well used while we were there. It is beautifully situated on the 11th floor and has a great outdoor deck for relaxing in warmer weather. Swimming in the late afternoon light was terrific. The attached workout room has a number of machines,stability balls and so on for a workout..and there is even a laundry room!The hotel is located withing walking distance of many sights, including old Montreal. Valet parking is $20. The hotel let us leave our car for the afternoon after we checked out while we continued to explore.Our quibbles are small ones and have been mentioned here before..the beds are hard and not the most comfortable( but the pillows are great). The duvets are slippery and fall off at night. The included continental breakfast buffet is adequate..middle of the road for these types of things- the juice was watery and the coffee was absolutely horrible-good coffee would be a good asset. A sofa would have been a nice addition to the hotel room.However, overall, the rooms and the amenities of this hotel make a visit seamless and stress free. We will return.	
Mar 6 2009 	Remarkably good value!	This was my first stay at Square Phillips, usually I stay at the Queen Elizabeth. Corporately, the Square Phillips was only slightly less expensive (less than $10 diff) but what a value it turned out to be. Booked a junior suite, and when I walked in I was amazed....the room never ended. It's huge!!!Kitchenette was nicely stocked, with full size fridge and stove, dishwasher and microwave, plus all needed dishes. Bathroom was huge, with a full size tub.Huge walkin closet, plus another clothes closet.The view from my particular room wasn't anything special, but that didn't bother me, as I'm in Montreal really regularly anyway.The highspeed (wired) internet is FREEE!!!The continental breakfast is FREE!!My only suggestion for improvement would be a bit more &quot;warming&quot; in the decor. It's such a huge room that the decor seems a bit less than intimate. Still great, just could use a bit more &quot;warmth&quot; in the decor.All in all, I will definitely stay here again. Truly terrific value for the money. Clean room, courteous staff, an overall very good experience.	
Mar 4 2009 	Not perfect we might return	Indoor pool is narrow rectangle and only one depth of 1.4M. View is nice from roof. Beds are &quot;rigid&quot; and I had a time getting to sleep since I need something a bit softer. Valet parking was not optional since they took my keys when I first entered; they did not mention an option. Lady at the front desk looked somewhat afraid, perhaps because her english wasn't so good? Don't know. Valet had to translate to her some of our conversation. Staff was friendly, std room was spacious AND kitchenette. TV reception was so-so. With extra cot, valet parking, and taxes, my online quote of $113 US became $161 US in reality. Not really such a great deal, just &quot;OK&quot;.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great room. Great price. Excellent location.	Customer service was top-notch. Very reasonable price. Continental breakfast was included. Amazing room...very large, high ceilings, ceiling to floor windows, king bed, kichenette. Excellent location - 1 minute walk to St. Catherine's shopping &amp; restaurant district. Would highly recommend.	
Feb 19 2009 	Lovely hotel	Perfect - lovely room, lovely foyer. Looks newly renovated. Self-serve buffet breakfast (bagels,toast,cereal,juices etc). 20 dollar valet parking. All-in-all, a great stay and would return.	
Jan 23 2009 	Great Value Location and Services	It may be human nature to write about the places one stays at where disappointment occurs. However, in this case I am delighted to write about Square Phillips hotel in Montreal. Well located with very large rooms and very reasonable prices along with free internet (with ethernet cable). Having returned recently from abroad the very large rooms were most appreciated. Enjoy.	
Jan 23 2009	Very good!	I arrived at the hotel after nightfall and it was quite dark. If you are driving, the directions had me on the wrong side of the road, so I did a quick u-turn. The hotel is easy to get to from the road. I didn't see anywhere to drive into a garage, however, the bellman was a great help and got all the bags out of the car while I was checking in. He valet the car and brought the bags up to the room. I booked the room under the Fall Sweet Deal, though I did get a parking lot view. The room was great. Very big, high ceiling, large bathroom, kitchenette with a dining area. I never used the kitchenette, but it had everything one would need to make a meal. The room would easily accomodate a large family with room to spare.It also had a large flat-screen, good selection of channels. The people were very nice and helpful. I always double-checked all my directions with them and got everywhere I needed to go. Each time I needed a cab, one was called and the bellman was always on the look-out for it to arrive. If you are arriving in winter, please make sure you pack sturdy boots as the streets are not cleaned well of the snow. This hotel is not connected to the Underground, but it is a quick 5 minute/1.5 blocks away. I also lost my wallet on my last night and the hotel did try to do its best to track it down, since I lost it in a cab they had called for. No luch luck in recovery, but the hotel did go beyond the call of duty to try and help me. I would definitely come back here.	
Jan 10 2009 	Perfect location for families with small kids	We´ve booked a junior suite with a seperate bedroom and kitchen. The room was HUGE, clean, nice furnished, the beds were comfortable, the huge bathroom had a bathtub (important for our kids) and the kitchen equipment was just perfect.We got two extra baby beds for our twin babies as well as high chairs. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Nobody was annoyed about us travelling with three little kids. Every mornig we enjoyed the patient staff at the breakfast room and even our kids really likeds the simple but very good breakfast.Greetz to GLORIA! We were really pleased meeting such a patient, helpful and nice person as you are!The location of this hotel is excellent as a lot of nice places can be reached easily by foot and for the larger distances the metro station is in a very short walking distance.We will sure book this hotel again once we visit this lovely city again!	
Dec 28 2008 	Loved the Square Phillips	Stayed here for the first time, after several colleagues raved about it (I'd always stayed at corporate locations like the Delta or Sheraton before in Montreal). Top notch experience all the way. Large rooms, great for a family with two kids. Nice kitchen and table, in case you want to pick up some local food at Jean Talon or Atwater markets and bring back. Hotel service is excellent, including the front desk and concierge. Warning though, if you visit Montreal in the winter, the city does not do a great job of snow/ice removal, so bring your boots. Hotel centrally located, for easy walks to Rue St Denis, Rue Crescent, Vieux Montreal etc. I would definitely stay here again, whether on business or pleasure. They do have breakfast included and free internet, which is great.	
Dec 12 2008	Lovely spot great staff!	The staff here were the best!! They are not out there and over the top as they can be in the States sometimes and altho you are only just over the border, there is a cultural difference.They were very helpful in room selection for my family and then they organised a cake and balloons for my son on his birthday, brought it to our room the next morning and the three front desk guys stood there and sang Happy Birthday! How impressed were we!! We have celebrated alot of birthdays in hotels but never to this standard!Our room was very spacious and comfortable and not at all noisy. The breakfast was good. My only complaint is that the pool was too cold.	
Nov 27 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	Wonderful staff. Courteous and helpful. The room was spotless.We stayed in 501. Everything was excellent at this hotel. Our room did not have the best of view but was convenient to old downtown, Cathrine St and underground mall entrance. I will return to this hotel if traveling to Montreal again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great location in Montreal	We just returned from a trip to Montreal and Quebec. The hotel in Montreal was spacious and accommodating. There is a desk and even a chair to sit in. Since it was November, the weather wasn't ideal, so we spent a lot of time watching TV in our room. There is a great selection of English and French channels. The hotel is in a great location. It is near to shopping malls, the metro and Ste Catherine's street. Our room had a full kitchenette which was wonderful when we tired of eating out. We never made dinner in the room, but we did bring left overs from dinner and kept them in the fridge -- we could never do that other places we have been.The breakfast was good . The breakfast room is clean and bright. There were breads, fruits, cereals, juices, tea and coffee. If you must have eggs or you are a breakfast-meat eater, you must go out. You could even go down to the breakfast with the tray provided in the room and have a already-prepared breakfast in the privacy of your own room. There is a pool and workout area. However, the pool had way too much chlorine in it. Even after showering, we still smelled of chlorine. There is a laundry room as well. It was nice to do a load of laundry while working out. I would have liked to have seen laundry detergent sold in the laundry room. So, bring a small thing of detergent or you will have to go to grocery and buy a gigantic bottle of detergent. The staff at the front desk was friendly. They spoke French, but had no problem speaking English. I found that in the rest of the province as well. It isn't like the olden days of French only. There were exceptions to this, and since they prefer to speak French, I did my best. I found that we were very independent in the hotel, and we liked it. In some smaller places we have stayed, the staff knows every move that we make or is involved in everything that we do -- like turning in the key to the desk before leaving the hotel and having to pick it up upon returning -- even at 2 or 3am. We came and went as we liked. There is a safety deposit box available but no safes in the room. We were happy because I am weirdly protective of my passport.This is a great place to stay.	
Nov 4 2008 	Third time NOT the charm	I've stayed at this hotel 2 previous times and it's great but the 3'rd time definitely wasn't the charm.Upon arrival, the bellhops offered no assistance with our luggage. They actually watched me enter the lobby to retrieve a cart. I was then approached by the bellhop and told &quot;to make sure I send the cart back down when I'm done&quot;. Gee, thanks for your help.We were celebrating a friends birthday party at around 9pm on Friday, October 31'st. We had music playing from a tiny iPod alarm clock. Hotel staff arrived at the door and told us that &quot;We had to leave&quot;. Apparently we were too loud. The gentleman was very rude and unprofessional. He didn't provide a warning or even ask us politely to keep the noise down. Then again, it was only 9pm so what gives?The next day, we received a threatening phone call from the front desk telling us &quot;that if there were any similar incidents like last night that we would be out of the hotel tonight&quot; Strangely enough, we only received the one visit on the Friday and there were no other problems.The hotel itself is great. Amenities are fantastic, the rooms are spacious and the location is perfect.The hotel staff on the other hand has a lot to learn about hospitality and customer service. Very rude, very unprofessional.	
Oct 16 2008 	Hidden Gem	My wife and I stayed at Le Square Phillips for the 10/03 weekend. Finding the place was a breeze, and the valet service was great. Very friendly and informative. Check in was a bit challenging has my reservation was not 100% accurate. I had changed it earlier in the week, but the info was not updated. I always bring a copy of the reservation in case of these problems, so after 10 minutes things were squared away. Gabriel at the front desk was very good in fixing everything. He upgraded us to a 1 bedroom suite for the goof, and holy cow was that room huge. Everything was nice and clean, and the bed was nice and firm. Having a full size fridge was great since we could stock up on basics and have quick snacks (or leftover smoked meat, yum!). The hotel is very centrally located, and is near all the places we like to go. Walking to Place Des Arts or the Centre Bell is a breeze. We are looking forward to staying again soon.	
Oct 14 2008 	First visit to Montreal	My wife and I spent our 40th wedding anniversary in Montreal at Le Square Phillips Hotel and Suites. This is a large hotel located in the heart of the business district, but off the main street. We parked our car for 2 days and just walked to the different areas. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Our room was large (free upgrade to suite), clean and had a well stocked with kitchen. I would recommend this hotel for both business travelers and families.	
Oct 3 2008 	Dreary	Spent 3 nights in this hotel last month and was just reading back over the reviews. I feel like I stayed in a different hotel. I felt the location was fine, very central for shops and sightseeing and I dont mind the lack of a view as you are situated in the middle of a city. But once inside the hotel the rooms and atmosphere I can only describe as dreary and depressing. Our room was very large and the bathroom good and I have to say the rooftop pool was lovely, but overall the feeling is somber. Reception &amp; concierge staff rarely smiled or said hello and it seemed a huge effort for them to do so. We didnt have a bad experience there but for the same price there must be hundreds of far nicer, more pleasant hotels in Montreal.	
Sep 26 2008 	Great hotel very friendly staff.	We decided to stay at Le Square Phillips Hotel after reading all the good reviews from Tripadvisor. We stayed for 6 nights and we were very satisfied with the hotel. We had requested a room on a high floor when we booked, and we were given a room on the 10th floor. The highest floor to stay on. On the 11th floor there was a very useful laundry room, the biggest I have experienced in a hotel and a great sundeck where you could enjoy the view. The pool was very small and we did not see that many people using it. All the staff were very friendly. The suite attendant was very polite and the room was always beautiful cleaned. The reception staff were very friendly as well. Unfortunately we arrived with only our handluggage...Air Canada had lost our suitcases on the way, and the hotel staff were friendly enough to provide us with toothbrushes, toothpaste etc. and keep us informed if our suitcases arrived. We had chosen a Studio King, the smallest of the suites. But the suite was still very big, maybe a bit to big. I thought it was a long way when I had to find the way to the toilet in the middle of the night :-) The bed was very comfortable, and there was a big flatscreen tv. There was also a dining table and a kitchen. I only missed a sofa, that would have been nice to have. The view was not amazing, directly down to a parkinglot. but when you looked up you could see the Olympic Stadium. The only irritating thing was the huge fridge that could make a lot of noise in the middle of the night. In some reviews, members have been disappointed with the free continental breakfast. We were extremely satisfied. The women who worked in the breakfast lounge were so friendly and worked so hard. They cleaned the tables so fast, so there were always clean tables to sit at. You could choose between bread, bagels, waffles, muffins, croissants, different types of cereal, fresh fruit and yougurt. There were also different type of juices to choose from. We never experienced that they ran out of something even if we came late. We could not see any computers in the lobby, but when we asked we were told they had a business center in the back, where you can use the computer for 30 minutes at a time, that was very nice.The area is very good for shopping with The Bay and Underground city just a few minutes walk away. There are also some nice restaurants just next to the hotel and a Burger King. We were suprised to see so many beggars in the area though. We have been in a lot of big cities, but this city must be the one where we have experienced the most , but we never felt unsafe though. We can highly recommend Le Square Phillips Hotel and Suites and there is so much to see in Montreal.	
Sep 25 2008 	Creat location	This hotel exceeded my expectations..I thought no hotel could be as goood as the TripAdvisor reviews were rating it. I was wrong..this place is one of the nicest hotels we have ever stayed in. The rooms are huge with the high ceilings adding to the 'roomy' feel of the place. It was a great location to 're-discover' Montreal after 38 years away!	
Sep 13 2008 	wow large rooms	a group of us stayed for two nights. excellent large rooms, with kitchen and large bathroom. comfortable beds, nice lcd tv, free internet. would be great for long staying guests with the kitchen fully equipped.reception staff were helpful, and attentive.	
Sep 12 2008 	Couldn't ask for more	We stayed at this hotel (2 adults, one child) in August. A great location, walking distance to most everywhere we went. A nice walk to Old Montreal. We had breakfast at the little coffehouse down the street twice. We had dinner at the French (?) restaurant down the street as well. Both were lovely. The room was huge, the beds were comfortable, the roofdeck was nice too. Couldn't ask for anything more.	
Sep 12 2008 	Definitely worth the reviews	We spent 4 nights in a spacious one bedroom suite overlooking Blvd. Rene Levesque. Pleasant at the front desk, large rooms, comfortable beds and just a homey feel with a good kitchen and a great shopping location as well as a reasonable walk from some of the downtown restaurants.Quibbles? A few. Breakfast was indifferent. While these buffet breakfasts tend to have a sameness to them, this was the least appealling of those we have encountered.The room was not ready even at 4:30 on the day we arrived which was less than acceptable.Concierges were not as knowledgeable about the city and restaurants as one would like.In a hotel attracting a cross section of people, the Globe and Mail is preferable to the dull National Post. These quibbles aside this is a perfect spot for families or individuals or couples on a longer stay. I'll be back next week.	
Sep 6 2008 	Great hotel  Great location	We stayed at le Square Philipps hotel in the middle of August for 6 nights (9/8 - 15/8/08).The location is perfect, just off St. Catherine str.,which is the main commercial street with the famous department store &quot; The Bay &quot;. It's about 15 minutes walk to Old Montreal and Old Port but when you walk out the hotel, on the left is boulv. Rene' Levesque, where you can take the bus 515 and you can get off at the Old Port at the place Jacques Cartier.Rooms are very spacious, clean with a fully furnished kitchen and very quiet.The coplimentary breakfast is basic and simple but fresh and especially the bagels are very delicious.The staff is nice and very helpful in making suggestions and always with a big smile!I would highly recommend the Italian pizza &quot; Il Focolaio &quot; , when you walk out the hotel it's about 50m. on the right, they serve 75 kind of pizza.I would recommend this superb hotel to everyone, especially to families with kids and I would stay here again.	
Sep 6 2008 	Loved this spacious place.	This hotel was a superb start to our vacation in Canada. Having arrived from a transatlantic flight with a three year old you need things to be easy and it was. The check in staff were very nice and efficient, asking if we had a computer with us as there is no Wi-Fi but they provided an Ethernet cable for in room hook-up.The room was more a studio, very spacious, and clean, comprising of: two double beds, huge LCD TV, fully equipped kitchen area, table and four chairs, plenty of closet space and a lovely on-suite bathroom.A complimentary breakfast was included; this could be taken in the breakfast area or in your room. This was wonderful, and had every kind of bread, muffin, cereal, tea, coffee etc.The pool and leisure facilities are excellent, not to mention the view from the pool area.The location of the hotel is great, you are only a few meters away from the major stores and the underground shopping area and walk ways. The other way you are a 10 minute walk from the old town and waterfront. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 30 2008 	Le Square Phillips Is in the Heart of Montreal and Wonderful	Everything about our stay in this hotel was wonderful. The staff was helpful, the rooms incredibly spacious and the price for the service was excellent. The as-much-as-you-want continental breakfast had enough variety to certainly hold one over until lunch. We would definitely go back.	
Aug 28 2008 	Big Rooms Great for a Family!	Me, my husband and 2 kids ages 6 and 9 stayed at Le Square Phillips after reading the rave reviews on Tripadvisor.com. I have to say the hotel did live up to its reviews.The rooms were very spacious. In the suite we had a full kitchen (which I believe comes with every room), the kitchen was stocked with utensiles, plates, pots etc... There were 2 flat screen tv's, a king size bed, a queen size bed and a living room. The rooms also appeared to be very clean.The one thing I loved about the hotel was that it was walkable to every major location and the Metro was right around the short corner. The whole time we stayed there, which was 5 nights, we only took our car out once and that was to go to Little Italy.We did not use the pool, but we did go up to the roof top. The pool is nice, but it is smaller then it appears in teh picture. However the roof has a beautiful view with lounge chairs to use if the weather permits.I found the staff to be very nice and helpful to us in planning what attractions we wanted to see.All in all this was a great place to stay and not a bad price for hte space you get.	
Aug 27 2008 	You can find better hotels in Montreal	I have been visiting Montreal on a regular basis for the last 20 years and have stayed in a large number of nice hotels in the city. One thing I know, the Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites is not in the top 20 places to stay in the city. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor I figured that I must be missing something, plus this hotel was a good location for the Jazz Festival. This is a standard hotel with larger that normal rooms that seem even larger because of the high ceilings. The rooms also have a kitchenette. The bed was one of the worst that I have ever tried to sleep on, very hard and uncomfortable. This might be a good place if you are staying with a family and need a larger room but even then it is not that great. Anyway there are many other hotels in Montreal that are a lot nicer in the same price range, look around.	
Aug 26 2008	What a great hotel!	We recently stayed 3 nights at the Square Phillips and can find nothing negative to say about it. The location is fantastic, the conversion from multi-storey warehouse to loft-like hotel is very stylish, and the staff are professional and friendly. Our Junior King Suite was enormous with high ceilings, 2 flatscreen TVs, and a view of the Square itself.We did not sample the free breakfast - instead we walked 5 minutes to a large supermarket in the Complexe Desjardins and made our own breakfast in the suite. Will definitely stay there again.	
Aug 26 2008 	Huge rooms and a wonderful location	If you're going to spend all of your stay in Montreal in old Montreal, then you should book a hotel in old Montreal. But if you want to explore old Montreal, eat in Chinatown, take the subway to other parts of town, go shopping, or walk to Mt. Royal or McGill University, Le Square Phillips is the place for you.My husband, two teen daughters, and I spent 5 nights in the hotel in mid-August and really enjoyed it. We loved having so much space. It took us 15-20 minutes to walk to old Montreal, depending on where exactly we were going, but it was an easy walk. Chinatown (which features primarily Vietnamese restaurants) is about 10 minutes away, on the way to old Montreal. The closest subway stop is the McGill station, which you can enter on the side of the Bay department store. My older daughter loved being so close to the major department stores and several shopping malls. We also used the kitchen one night to cook a meal that we bought at the Jean Talon market (a must see!)Although the breakfast was not exciting, it was perfectly adequate. The breakfast room was usually crowded but we always found a table within a few minutes. The valet parking worked well for us except for one time, when for some reason it took 20 minutes to bring our car around even though the staff told us we'd have the car in just 5 minutes.	
Aug 25 2008 	Fantastic	What a great hotel! The location was perfect...close to old Montreal and also near the center of town. Our room was spotlessly clean, tastefully decorated, quiet and abundantly comfortable. The hotel made our stay in Montreal perfect. Regretfully we tried to stay an extra day at the end of our trip, but were not able to get a reservation for another day:-(	
Aug 23 2008	very pleased!	Great for families -- huge, clean rooms with big kitchenette and nice downtown location, close to shopping and dining. Free breakfast with nice and kid-friendly staff. would certainly return here.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great location but...	We've stayed at this hotel in the beginning of august 2008. As said by others, the rooms are very large, with very high ceilings so you feel really in a big room. The kitchenettes are perfect, the rooms clean, the people at the front desk very kind. We also enjoyed much the roof top pool and terrace.There are only 2 (small and managable) problems: the breakfasts and the bed. The breakfasts are very very basic, the coffee is undrinkable (thanks god there is a second cup just 3 steps away!) and the little breakfast room crowded. The beds are... let's not say &quot;uncomfortable&quot; but less than comfortable. The king bed looked super, and the big pillows attractive, but after 2 full nights of playing &quot;catch the feather cover&quot;, because the fabric was too slippery, and trying to find a position on the too big pillows, we didn't feel much relaxed... Nevertheless, we would strongly consider going back with maybe our own pillows, and considering eating somewhere else: the location is so great, with St-Catherine street juste near and restaurants and everything, and with the terrace view, the rooms are so practical to invite our friends to come and have a lunch that it is still a great place to go!	
Aug 20 2008 	Nice	The hotel is very nice: spacious rooms, which is good for kids ;), good location, the staff was very friendly. The only minus was the free breakfast - too crowded, too disorganized and the food was very so-so..	
Aug 14 2008 	Too many people for hotel to handle	The sad thing about internet reviews, especially when they are very good, is that it attracts too many people trying to find the &quot;best kept secret&quot; and avoid the crowds. Too late. The word is out, and what made this hotel attractive is no longer the case. The elevators are crowded, and slow. Retrieving your car is a 10-15 minute wait, and it is a good thing that the free continental breakfast is free, since that makes up for the crowded conditions. To top it off, you have a choice between spacious rooms and rooms with a view, for Square Phillips does not offer both in the same room. The best thing about the rooms is the loft atmosphere, since the ceilings are 12 feet high. Our children liked the fact that they could plug in their dvd palyers and watch their movies for free, rather than pay $10.00 to watch a family movie from the rental selection. The beds, though, are uncomfortable. The swimming pool area has a sign, &quot;Maximum 10 people can fit in this pool!&quot;	
Aug 13 2008	Nice but not a good match for a single traveler	I traveled without my family and stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. Its a very nice hotel - clean, quiet and well maintained. The rooms are very large and come with a complete kitchenette, which is more than I needed. There is no safe in the room but you can store valuables in the hotel safe.The hotel is well situated, its about a 10-15 minute walk from Old Montreal and just off St Catherine, which is a long shopping street. Its about a half hour walk to Mont Royal ( a lot of it uphill). I didn't use the Metro, but you could avoid a lot of walking if you do.There is an indoor lap pool on the top floor and a laundry facility. There are no chairs at the pool itself; you have to go through doors to sit outside on the terrace, which faces a lot of tall office buildings.The staff was very nice and made dinner reservations for me in restaurants I picked out, but not all that helpful in making suggestions. They were very good with giving directions.If I had to do it again, as a single traveler, I would stay at a smaller, more intimate hotel or a bed and breakfast. This place would be very good for a family.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great Montreal Downtown Location	This is the first time that our Agency has booked this Hotel. Front Desk were very friendly and Hospitable.Located a half a block off St Catherine Street, Walking Distance to great shopping and many of Montreals finest restaurants. Within walking distance of Via rail Station, only 4 city blocks away.Conceirge service was very helpful with all our requests and Information. I would suggest the 3 hour greyline city tour at $ 40.00 per person. They pick you up at hotel.Rooms were a great size, nice pool and sitting area on the roof of Hotel overlooking city.Very clean, spacious, large flatt screen TV's in rooms. Stove, fridge, dishes, and dishwasher and dining area all in room.Excellent location &amp; servce, and price was not out of this world.	
Aug 9 2008 	Great Hotel	Our family had a great stay at this Hotel. We got a room upgrade without asking and had a large 2 bedroom Suite. There is a rooftop pool and an outdoor area on the roof that you can just sit and enjoy the Montreal skyline. The location of the Hotel is perfect and when you walk out the door there are numerous sidewalk restaurants that serve a variety of very good food. The staff was very helpful and friendly . This is a suite Hotel with a fully furnished kitchen and would be great for families or someone who did not want to eat out or use room service for every meal.There is no hotel bar and the restaurant was not open late but these are available right outside the Hotel.	
Jul 28 2008 	What a great surprise!	The facade of the hotel is very plain and it is near Phillips Square - so the surroundings were a bit dirty, noisy and quite busy. However, we were most pleasantly surprised to find that for the price we paid we got a HUGE room with a full kitchen. It was comfortable, quiet, cool, and clean. Free internet access too!There were 4 of us sharing two double beds but there was enough space in the room to do cartwheels. Another nice surprise was the free breakfast buffet - which you could have in the breakfast room or take back to your room.The hotel right by Phillips Square, where there are numerous restaurants and the Bay. It is also near St. Catherine Street where there are lots of shops and where Eaton Centre is located. Old Quebec is about a 20 minute walk away.	
Jul 26 2008	Perfect place to stay in Montreal and would repeat	Followed the reviews from Trip Advisor and stayed here. Excellent all the way around and would definitely recommend Le Square Phillips. Very friendly staff, especially the concierges guys. I took the $20 per day valet parking which was a great choice to go in and out as needed. We had junior 1 King bed suite which was very spaceous for our family of 5. The location is walking distance (15 - 20 mts) to many tourist spots in old montreal and great restaurants in either direction. My kids liked the hard rock cafe which we walked too.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great hotel at perfect location	We (a family of 6) stayed at the Square Phillips for 3 nights in begining of July (while the Jazz Festival was on). The staff was both pleasant, professional and very helpful, and the hotel is clean and just a very nice place to stay for both business and pleasure. However, the breakfast could need a makeover. It wasn't very interesting!The suite - a family suite - was enourmous, with 2 flatscreens, free internet access and a large kitchen. The pool area is nothing to speak about, but it is placed on the 11th. floor with a large deck outside, where one can enjoy views of the city.The location couldn't be more central in town. Right by the shopping district and the underground city. 5 minutes walk to the Place d'Art. 10-15 minutes to the business district and the old town.Only warning: Do not eat at the overpriced and not very good Italian restaurant adjacent to the lobby (not a part of the hotel). There is a very good reason why there are so few guests!	
Jul 21 2008 	Great Service Central Location Huge Room!	We followed other Tripadvisor members' advice and stayed at Le Square Phillips for 3 nights in late June. Four of us (2 teens, 2 adults) shared a 2 bed studio (single room). The beds were extremely comfortable. The kitchen area was nearly as big as a second room and featured a table for two along with a full refrigerator, microwave, stove and dishwasher. A full continental breakfast with cereals, fruit, yogurt, waffles, etc was served every morning.The hotel was a 15 minute walk from Vieux Montreal. It was also just down the block from Saint Catherine Street, a very long street in downtown Montreal with lots of shops (ideal for teenagers). An entrance to the Underground Mall was also 1 block away. There is an excellent pizza restaurant a few doors down from the hotel (they serve 40 types of pizza) that we loved and highly recommend. Staff were very nice and accommodating. We had to valet park our car ($20/night), but the price included in/out privileges and we never waited more than 5 minutes when we wanted the car (we walked almost everywhere). The hotel includes a rooftop pool, but it is only accessible by one ladder at one end, and the entire pool is about 4' deep - ideal for swimming laps, but not good for young children. There is also a coin-operated laundry room next to the pool area - a plus for families traveling with children.We were very pleased with this hotel and would stay here again. (We usually stay at Marriott type hotels - this was fully comparable.)	
Jul 18 2008 	Great deal Great location	This was my second stay at the Square Phillips Hotel. You cannot beat the price and it has a great location right in the heart of Montreal. You can walk to almost everything right from your hotel. The rooms are big, clean, and come with a kitchenette &amp; fridge. I even used the weight room, swimming pool, and deck all located on the roof. This is not a posh, super service place but so what. It has all the amenities you need. It is great for families. There is no bar or restaurant in the hotel, however, you can walk out your front door and there's a dozen places to choose from in sight! Well worth giving a try.	
Jul 16 2008 	Central Location	Within a 1 mile walking distance from all downtown and Old Montreal. Was on a family trip with small child so this was important. Hotel arranged a babysitter for two nights and it went well.Not many restaurants/bars in immediate vicinity, but found a lot of options in Old Montreal. When walking to Old Montreal, be prepared to walk back up hill the whole way.Had a 2 bed suite which was larger than expected (est 700 sq ft) with 2 flat screen tv's and independent climate control in each bedroom and suite area. Staff was friendly and helpful with decent recommendations on places to eat.	
Jul 14 2008 	Second stay at the Phillips Square	We stayed here during JazzFest. Our room on the 6th floor was spacious, clean, and very quiet. The staff-at the front desk and the parking staff -were less helpful and patient than they were on our previous visit. None the less we certainly will stay here again.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great Hidden Gem	I have just returned from a night at the Square Phillips. The hotel is wonderful and I have never felt so much at home. I stayed on the 5th floor and my room overlooked the street. The view wasn't very impressive, but that was easily made up by rooftop terrace.Breakfast is continental with fruits, muffins, bagels, cereals, juices and hot drinks. During the rest of the day if you get hungry you can make a meal or snack in your room as each room has a fully equipped kitchen. There is a full sized fridge, oven, dishwasher, microwave and toaster. The pool is nice, small but nice. The only drawback is that because of the pools size, they ask that no more then 10 people be in the pool at a time. On the same floor as the pool there is a small workout room and a terrace that lets you see all the view that you may not have from your room. Even on a rainy day it was still lovely.For those that don't want to cook, there some nice restaurants in the area. Everything from pizza and italian to typical fast food. There were three of us and we shared a one king bed room, with a rollaway bed for the third person. Prior to seeing the room I was worried that the bed wouldn't fit, after seeing the room, I know it would be no problem.Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel I have ever stayed in Montreal. It is very close to the Metro (McGill station is closer not Place Victoria as was originally told to us by a subway employee), Eaton Centre, numerous other shopping centres and St. Catherines St.I would not hesitate to stay here again and would recommend it to anyone and everyone.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Choice for City Location	We only stayed one night at Le Square Phillips, but for a centrally located hotel in the city combined with the accomodations, I would certainly make this my choice in Montreal.Via the Tourism Montreal site I had originally booked this room on their 1/2 price off third night special (which would have been a great value) but due to a change in travel plans I decided to stay in Old Montreal at a B &amp; B (which for a first time visitor I'm glad we did - loved this &quot;old&quot; area as a base), then retuned to this hotel for one night/day after a trip to Quebec City for four days.First - it was a great location for the Jazz festival. Close enough to the free concernts (within two blocks), but far enough away from the scene. The hotel itself is very close (another two blocks) to the train station (VIA RAIL), metro is within a block and the hotel is central to the &quot;underground&quot; (shopping/eating) and numerous, numerous shopping options at the street level (St Catherine street is one of the bordering streets on this square and is a mass mecca of retailers if that's your interest). The popular &quot;Le Bay&quot; department store also is on this block. Few good fast food type restaurants right outside your door - with street side (under tent) seating (in the good weather). Pizza place right next door was great, and very popular with the locals so that gave us a good hint to try it out! Museum mile is also within a few blocks - so as said - this location is very accessible to a lot of what the inner city offers. Hotel itself , as said many times in previous reviews, is built for a family. Rooms/suites are enormous. We stayed in a King Studio (only two of us) which is the smallest accomodation and with the kitchen table and full kitchen area it was very, very spacious. Our room was extremely clean, all amenities, kitchen ware, glassware, plates, everything you would need to cook in was spotless and plentiful. Good size bathroom, spacious and clean. Very updated. Plenty of dresser space, closet space. Large windows (we overlooked the square). New flat screen TV (large) and bedding was comfortable. For an extended stay, this place is ideal! Hotel itself (our floor) was quiet and the continental breakfast was the usual - but plentiful (toast, bagels, criossants, cereal, waffles, fresh fruit, juices and coffee &amp; tea). No complaints at all. Staff was very nice and helpful in our contacts with them (check-in, taxi service and baggage service). It rained the entire time we were here and due to the short time we never got to even see the pool. But a family full of kids in the elevator soaking wet said it was just fine rain or shine.For the quick stay we had and an opinion based on that - I wouldn't hesitate to stay here upon return to Montreal; especially iin the value your get with the full kitchen options in the accomodation and the &quot;largeness&quot; of the room(s) as a whole. Excellent value.	
Jul 7 2008 	Just Right	We stayed from June 26-30 in a Junior Suite. Convient to the Jazz Festival, yet a quiet reprieve when we needed it. Huge comfortable room with a full well appointed kitchen. Lovely roof deck, but the pool is too small for real swimming. There is a complete grocery (IGA) a few blocks away in the lower level of the Place desJardins and the Hyatt Hotel for wine, cheese, pastries, fruit and snacks.We would gladly stay here again. J &amp; J, Putney, VT	
Jul 6 2008 	Luxurious and top-notch staff	During a 2-week vacation in Quebec, this was the best of the hotels we stayed at. Location was very convenient in Downtown, just a block from St. Catherine St. and the Jazz Festival, maybe a 15 minute walk to the Old Montreal area. Service was excellent, very solicitous, from the front desk to the concierges to the bellhops. The room was very spacious and comfortable, kitchen pretty equipped. Breakfast (included) was buffet and had plenty of options (waffles, croissants, breads, cereal, fruit, etc). Valet parking was very convenient. Rooftop indoor heated pool was a hit with our kids. Overall a home run.	
Jun 26 2008 	Had a great stay	Checked in from Jun 22-25 in a Junior Suite. Great and spotless Kitchen, well appointed room (top furniture) Hotel located in the middle of everything! TripAdvisor 2005 Winner and best reviews. Free continental breakfast, nice rooftop excercise and indoor swimming pool. Very friendly staff. And moderate prices, too. Will be my future choice for sure! And believe me, I travel a lot, and I have seen poor rooms for an awful amout of money. Here it is really worth staying.	
Jun 19 2008 	great space good value basic accomodations	Good location, huge room with kitchen; perfect for families. Furniture was basic and no thought put into design. small gym and convenient breakfast area but no public areas, room service, restaurant, business centre or bar etc. (there is an independent restaurant attached to the lobby, but much better can be found with a short stroll). expected more given the high reviews. it's a winner in terms of value, but don't expect luxury or design. motel-ish rooms, though the one i stayed in was very large.	
Jun 10 2008 	HUGE Rooms!	My husband, son, daughter, mother-in-law and I stayed for about a week at Le Square Phillips Hotel in July 2007 around the time of the annual Montreal Jazz Festival. It ended up being the perfect locale for the festival, which took place just a few blocks away mostly at the Place des Arts. We rented a two-bedroom suite - which was immense! There was a large kitchen, with full-size fridge, full stove/oven, microwave, dining area with six chairs, and a huge living room with beautiful view of Phillips Square. One of the bedrooms even had a walk-in closet. The service was superb, and the downtown location was convenient to metro stops and many restaurants. There's even a La Baie department store down the street.The hotel's rooftop features an indoor pool, small fitness center, and terrace, from where you can see fireworks from the jazz festival.Each morning, there's a complimentary continental breakfast that will help jumpstart a day of sightseeing or business.The only downside to the hotel is that it's not located in the charming Vieux Montreal area, but as a result, it's also not as touristy. All tourist sites are a short metro ride away.I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely stay there again on our next trip to beautiful Montreal!	
Jun 3 2008	Third time's a charm	What can I say that the other reviews did not mention? This is my third stay here and not the last. I come to Montreal often for business and love this place. The central location, helpful front desk, massive rooms with kitchens (eating out gets boring, fattening, and expensive), and great internet connection make it a no brainer. Throw in the plushy robes and I am sold!My one quibble is the exercise room. It is a bit tired and small, but this is a 4 not 5 star place. I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 15 2008 	Great Value for a family	We stayed at this hotel because it was highly rated on Trip Advisor and provided high class family accommodation at an affordable price.We were not disappointed. Check in was very friendly and a cable was provided for room wi-fi access. The room with full kichen was very spacious. We had booked a de luxe two bedroom suite(one king and one queen) with a double pulldown bed available in the living area.Including taxes the total cost came to under $300 Canadian. Valet parking at $20 Canadian is highly recommended and efficient. The concierges were very helpful and booked us on the three hour Gray Line Montreal City Tour which included a free pickup and return to the tour starting point at the Montreal Information Center at Peel Street.The hotel is very close to the vast underground St. Catherine's Street shopping area. The concierges provided recommendations on nearby eating places. There is a Zia Trattoria on site which will also deliver to your room but we chose to walk up the street and found a couple of very reasonanably priced restaurants. We ate at El Focalio which provided excellent pizza and pasta. next door was Le Grand Comptoir which provided french rustic cooking.The gem inside the hotel was its roof top terrace and it was simply delightful to take a bottle of wine and glasses up from the room and relax there and enjoy the skyline. The rooftop also includes an excellent heated indoor pool and a fitness center.The concierge also helpfully directed us to Vieux Montreal which was full of interesting sites and restaurants.Overall, highly recommended and incredibly good value for a downtown big city location.	
May 9 2008 	A warm welcome to a wonderful city!	Just returned from a 6-night stay in Montreal at Le Square Phillips while attending a conference (at another hotel!), and can't say enough good things about this lovely hotel!! From the moment we arrived -before we even got out of the cab! - we were made to feel welcome by the amazing staff. Our room was so spacious, spotlessly clean, quiet, and comfortable. Their kitchenette boasts a FULL sized fridge, stove, dishwasher, microwave, toaster, kettle, pots/pans, dishes, the works. Basic but good choice for breakfast, which is included in your rate. Free high-speed internet, and they provide cables to connect if you don't have one :)The location is unbeatable. Phillips Square is lovely. Metro stations are minutes away, as are numerous restos and stores on St. Catherine Street. Walking distance to the old city, too! I would recommend Le Square Phillips to anyone - and can't wait to return some day!!	
May 9 2008	Huge room	This hotel was in a good location, very close to a big underground shopping centre and a few blocks from the train station.The room was very large, with a dining table and kitchen, which made in-room dining a pleasure (usually we are eating on the bed and/or a small desk). We had a large king-sized bed which we found quite comfortable.The continental breakfast room was very convenient, as we didn't have to go hunting for places to eat first thing in the morning- although I did wish they had soy milk as an option. One enterprising visitor had brought her own.We enjoyed our stay and would stay there again if we go back in summer.	
May 3 2008 	above average hotel and staff	excellent location with fine continental breakfast and friendly efficient staff . This will be my future montreal stop ,its centrally located and the folks are easy to deal with, we'll be back!	
Mar 19 2008 	Best price	I have stayed at this hotel twice before broth for the Montreal Sounds an Image fest. The 2 Bedroom suite is HUGE. Full kitchen. Very clean. quiet. comfy beds.. good food for breakfast... And I absolutely LOVE the pizza in the little restaurant attached in the front. Always have a couple when I am staying, Thin crust well done... I am staying here in April for 2 night for the UFC fight and am already craving the pizza... haha.	
Mar 17 2008 	st-Patty's Amazing weekend	I have lived in montreal for 14 years, I have stayed at numerous hotels downtown after a night of partying. The Square Phillips hotel &amp; suites has by far exceeded my expectations and then some. After booking online (very convinient) for my girlfriend's birthday, i needed some information regarding the reservation and check-in procedures. They were very helpful and prompt with their responses and knew what they were doing. The room i had which was the family suite, upon entering left me speechless. The shear size of the room was beyond anything i've ever experienced at any hotel. The two bedrooms, kitchen and extremely large bathroom, made me feel right at home. The two bedrooms themselves were the size of a regular room at your local super 8. The kitchen, complete with stove, dishwasher, microwave, full size refridgerator, utensils, glasses and plates was quite spacious with a 6 seat table. The cleanliness was far beyond any hotel i have ever stayed in. The staff was amazing, prompt and courteous. I have never felt more welcome and valued as a customer at any other hotel. I would definately recommend to anyone coming in from out of town to experience life in montreal. It is in a prime location, 2 blocks from all major stores and a block away from underground shopping. I truely loved my stay and would never think twice about staying here again. It was truely an experience that i shall never forget.	
Mar 17 2008 	Best hotel stay ever!	everything that was on the hotel website was true!the hotel was amazingthe staff was great and helpduleverything was near the hotel food, supermarket etc!the pool and sundeck are amazing\breakfats was greati loved my stay there...we got the family suite and 6 of us slept there..but u can defs sneak 2 or 3 more in there.	
Mar 13 2008 	HUGE room great price	We stayed in a Family suite for $217 CA. This was, by far, the biggest hotel room we have ever booked. Check out the hotel's photos. It's not trick photography, the rooms are really this big.Upon arrival on Mar 9, we were informed that 35-40cm of snow was predicted. Immediately, we booked a second night. The staff at the front desk is friendly, professional, etc. and they all speak English very well (that was most helpful). Breakfast : We are a family of 5, and everyone found plenty of choices. Croissants, coffee, hot chocolate, yogurt, fruit, cereal, bagels, etc. and it's included. Note: You must valet park your car.The hotel's location is perfect. As the name indicates, it's in Phillips Square so you'll find the spot on any map. There's lot's of shopping in the area, if that interests you. We walked to Notre Dame and then to the Quays (and a science museum). Typically there's ice skating there, too (but of course there was too much snow). Take a $10 taxi to L'express. They serve the most incredible French food and very impressive wine list. They don't advertise. You might find a little info on the web.	
Mar 9 2008 	Still the Best	Just completing 3 nites at Le Square Phillips. This is second stay at LSP and it continues to impress at every level. Location is terrific - a few blocks either way to the Orange or the Green Metro lines - or just enter the underground Montreal tunnel network, also close by. As a recycled warehouse building it appeals in many ways - including high ceilings and rooms with generous floor plans. Service is just right for me: quiet, modest efficient - and enough. Breakfast is continental and plentiful. Internet is available for my laptop - or in the &quot;business center&quot; on the hotels computers. Got snowed in this weekend - and the front desk was very helpful and accommodating. Overall I would say this is one of the best hotels I've stayed at - without slipping into the too many stars decadence that money can buy (if that appeals to you!).	
Feb 29 2008	Exceptional Service	I and my family stayed in this hotel from Feb 26th to 28th, 2008.We found the service in this hotel one of the best so far.The only thing that the hotel could improve on is adding eggs to the breakfast!Other than this, the hotel deservs to be # 1 in montreal.	
Feb 24 2008 	Four star accommodations??	We were looking for a hotel in Montreal that would be very close to the U.S. Consulate. After coming across Le Square Phillips and reading the glowing reviews here on trip advisor we booked a two bedroom suite for two nights. The cost was a bit steep, $241 per night plus $19 per night for parking; adding in taxes it came to $300.00 per night. This was mitigated by the location, just around the corner from the Consulate; and the lovely photos on the hotel website plus the numerous positive comments here about the service and cleanliness. The suite was quite large and did have a fully equipped kitchen including stove with oven, microwave, dishwasher , small appliances, dishes, cutlery, etc etc. I was a bit surprised that the room was not spotlessly clean - there were numerous fingerprints on walls, drip marks on the bathroom walls/door and bits of something on the inside of the microwave. The carpeting also had a large patch in the dining area and in the larger bedroom the carpet was frayed (it had obviously been damaged by being caught in the vacuum cleaner). In spite of this the room did seem comfortable enough - at least I thought so until about 2am - I had gone to sleep around 10pm - we had to be up at 5:30am - I awoke around 2am and discovered that my husband was on the extreme far edge of the king sized bed we were sharing. I asked him what was going on and he told me that there was something wrong with the mattress - we had noticed earlier in the evening that his side squeaked quite loudly while my side did not. We both got out of bed and examined the mattress more closely and it was obviously damaged on his side - with the sheet pulled back you could see that the side of the mattress was buckled quite noticeably. Looking down at the top of the mattress you could see a definite slope on that side. We had to be up in 3 hours time and did not want the hassle of calling the front desk at 2am so we shared my side of the bed - ending up with a sleeping area roughly the size of a double bed. After arriving back at the hotel around 9am we contacted the front desk and told them the problem. They said they would send someone up to look at the mattress. About an hour later and after one more phone call (the response we received was &quot;they will get there when they have time&quot;) someone showed up and removed the mattress and box springs, replaced them with new and told us that housekeeping would be along in a bit to make up the bed. The damaged mattress should be been noticed by housekeeping staff when the bed was being made up, but then the housekeeping staff did not notice the food splatters in the microwave or the fingerprints on the walls either. We debated staying the second night but decided to check out and make the five hour drive home that day. We did not receive an apology. (I would have taken photos of the room but shortly after arriving we discovered that the camera battery was dead and my son had left the charger at home!). I would not stay at this hotel a second time.	
Feb 12 2008 	A true jewel a hotel that reflects Montreal's class	Staying at this gorgeous hotel was like coming to my dream home every night. The high ceilings, the gorgeous pillars, the lighting, the bathroom, it was a wonderful experience. No picture can capture that properly, so you'll just have to stay in it and prove it yourself. It is also located in a great part of Montreal, amazing for shopping! We took advantage of low-season prices and it blew our previous tiny hostal away by less than 20 dollars. If you truly want to live the Montreal experience in whole (which is FANCY to say the least), then stay at Le Square Phillips.	
Jan 26 2008 	MIxed Feelings about Le Square Phillips	After reading the reviews on this site, I was undecided about whether or not to risk this hotel such that I had another reservation at the Delta Centre-Ville. I finally opted to take a chance and we spent 2 nights at this hotel.THE LOCATIONYou cannot beat this location. Steps from The Bay and the shopping on Ste-Catherine. We were also walking distance from the Palais de Congrès where we were attending the Car Show. So, I can only say this is an ideal location.THE ROOMWell, it was huge. We opted for a Junior Suite with a kingsize bed. The suite was the size of an apartment which was great.BEDSThe bed was one of the worst hotel beds I've ever slept on. Both my husband and I had sore backs after our first night. As for the pull-out sofa bed, it was just fine for our 3 year old son, but I doubt it would be comfortable for an adult for a full night. And, I cannot imagine that a couple could share the bed -- it is too small. The standard pillows are brutal, but you can easily get feather pillows by asking at the front desk.BATHROOMEnormous bathroom with excellent water pressure in the shower. Bathroom did not have a fan, which would have been nice.THE POOLA pool is a main amenity for us as our toddler loves the water. It served our needs, mainly because we were the only ones there. It is a small pool with a maximum capacity of 10 people. It is about 4.5 feet deep the length of the pool and I would estimate it to be about 10 feet wide and about 30 feet long. The temperature was a little cool but certainly bearable. A great view as the pool is on the roof of the hotel.BREAKFASTA typical continental breakfast: toast, bagels, croissants, pastries, cereals, fresh fruit, juices, coffee, yogurt. Nothing extraordinary, but certainly enough to get your day started.PRICE:In my view, this hotel is overpriced. The standard price for our Junior Suite is $215. We took advantage of the Sweet Deals promotion offerred by Tourisme Québec where you pay for one night and the second night is half-price (http://www.tourisme-montreal.org/B2C/11/default.asp). Even with the deal, I felt the room was overpriced compared to what you can get in this price range in Montreal. While we would have had a smaller room elsewhere, the beds would have been much better. CONCLUSIONGlad we tried it, but I won't stay here again -- unless we get a much cheaper deal (and my back is prepared for the horrible bed). Next time I will stay at hotels which have provided better accomodations at a better price: Hyatt Regency, Delta Centre-Ville, InterContinental, Hilton Bonaventure, XIX Siècle, Doubletree Hilton.	
Jan 22 2008 	We really liked it a lot	A great weekend stay in Montreal at an excellent hotel.Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. The valet parking was wonderfull as it was around 0 F and the car was parked in a warm garage next to the hotel. Note: Beware, parking in Montreal is typically hard to find on the street and the parking rules are Top Secret, known only by the parking enforcememnt police. I am convinced that they target out of Canada, ie US cars. A good way to start a fierce argument is to ask two locals the question, &quot;Can I park here?&quot;Rooms were super clean with functional furniture, and the housekeeping staff went out of their way to keep us supplied with towels, shampoo, etc etc.It is right across the square from the Bay department store where one can enter underground Montreal which again was nice considering the cold.Plenty of area shops for everything one could desire.Easy access to the main highways into and out of Montreal which is also a plus.I would recommend a king bed for two people as the double bed in the junior double bed suite was a bit small for two typicalAmericans. Also a bit on the firm side which I like but my fiance was not crazy about.All around a great stay in a great hotel in a great location. Montreal is a fine city.	
Jan 2 2008 	Great Getaway	We stayed in a suite at Le Square Phillips for two nights and were very satisfied with the price, the staff and the rooms. We were a little put off at first as when we arrived the rooms were not ready and it was well past the check in time. However, once registered we were so pleased with the spacious, clean rooms that the wait seemed trivial. The staff was helpful and friendly. Note: the pool is NOT heated. The hotel is located in easy walking distance from many downtown sights and is near the Metro line. There are many restaurants within a few blocks -- We especially liked Chez Eric, right around the corner. Overall, we would recommend and return to this hotel.	
Jan 1 2008 	As good as everyone says	We paid a little extra to have a two bedroom executive suite for a long weekend with our two teenage sons. The room was amazing, over 500 sq feet. We all had plenty of space to chill. Great location. Concierge at night was not as good as I expected, but the daytime staff was great.	
Dec 27 2007	You Couldn't Ask For More!	It's been a week since we stayed at Le Square Phillips, and I am still in awe. Everything about the hotel was absolutely wonderful: the front desk staff were very helpful (Bonjour, Annie!) the *huge* suite was clean and the kitchenette well-stocked, the concierege knowledgeable... I only wish I'd brought my bathing suit to check out the pool! There's good shopping and great restaurants right at the doorstep, too. A fantastic place to stay!	
Dec 20 2007	Superb place for families	Le Square Phillips was a terrific place for us to stay. We spent a week there in late summer with our two kids (toddlers) and my sister's husband and 2 kids (infant and toddler) just down the hall. We picked this hotel because it ranked well on Trip Advisor for families *and* it even made the single's list for top hotels in Montreal. The rooms are very large and comfortable. After one breakfast in the breakfast room, we shifted gears to simply bringing breakfast to our rooms. The location, pool, roof deck, and laundry were all very good. I particularly liked the nice design touches including framed prints of architectural drawings in the hallways.I recommend this hotel highly for people who want some extra room in their hotel and who loathe a standard, impersonal hotel room.	
Nov 30 2007 	Good hotel - excellent value	We were in Montreal in October for holidays. After much research and reading the good reviews in Tripadvosor, we chose Le Square Phillips. It was as good as what previous reviews said. The apartment was very roomy with high ceilings It was clean, well equipped and the bed was very comfortable. The laundry room on the top floor was always neat and clean. We didnt use the pool which looked well maintained. The continental breakfasts (included in the cost) were tasty and healthy. Free internet access for guests from the hotel business centre was a bonus. Hotel staff were very freindly and most helpful. The hotel was very central and easy access to all tourist locations as we managed to walk to most places. So glad we found this exceptionally good value hotel on Tripadvisor.	
Nov 22 2007 	One More Pleasantly Surprised Customer	Frankly, I wondered what all the fuss was about but I have to agree with most everyone else after a weekend at Le Square Phillips. The location was excellent, the price was good, the staff were helpful and pleasant, the rooms were enormous and quiet, and everything was spotlessly clean. It was great having wine glasses and an opener in the room, as well as plates and a dishwasher. I tried to come up with anything I didn't like and finally decided the pillows aren't as comfortable as they could be. They are made out of solid chunks of foam rubber and are not soft enough. I've stayed in more expensive and prettier hotels but I doubt if I'll stay anywhere else in Montreal again.	
Oct 24 2007 	Best in Montreal	After reading TripAdvisor I made a reservation for 5 days at Le Square Phiilips. If you want an impressive huge lobby, this is not the place. If you want great value, a large clean room with ammenties just make your reservation. They must has just remmodeled recently. The rooms have 14 foot ceilings, with a dining table and even a small spotless kitchen. I had special wierd requests before my stay and they accommodated everything! Great friendly service from the guest services, concierge, management. Location was excellent. Close to shopping, movies, great restaurants. Try the pizza place and the rustic french restaurant next door. I wish they had sister hotels in other cities. I stay in a lot of hotels, and this one made me happy to come home to every night after my work in Montreal.	
Oct 22 2007 	As good as everyone says.	My wife and I spent 4 nights at Le Square Phillips prior to joining acruise. We chose it because past guests rate it No. 1 in Montreal - and oh how right they all are!From my first contact with the concierge prior to our stay the staff were wonderful - polite, friendly and helpful. The location is perfect being around 100 metres from access to the main underground shopping area and within reach of several excellent value restaurants.The rooms are large (almost suites) and are very clean - spotless would be the best description. If we had one slight complaint it would be that the continental breakfast, although of good quality, was a little limited in choice.Le Square Phillips deserves its place as Trip Advisor members' first choice.	
Oct 4 2007 	Great room HUGE	we arrived after a very stressful day of driving to and from the Presidents Cup golf match. Once we arrived we were greated warmly and in a very proffessional manner. When we opened the door to our room we suprised to see a long hallway leading to another room. As we walked down the hall way we notice the huge bathroom, closet and then we walked into the room. Full kitchen area, living room with pullout couch and TV then the bedroom. In total and I messured the room counting hallway was over 1500 sq. feet. Almost the size of my home. Clean with many windows looking over the city, it was by far and away one of the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in. Almost too much for the two of us. I have been to many hotels but this room was a first. The location is very close to everything downtown and a short cab ride to anywhere else worth going. Would strongly recommend this hotel esp. for families. I will be back again.	
Oct 3 2007 	Great location great room great service!	As most other reviewers have noted, this place deserves its #1 rating. It's conveniently located about 1/2 a block from St. Catherine St. (Rue St. Catherine) and within walking distance of just about every where. We walked to Rue St. Catherine and all the shops around there, the McGill Metro station (only had to take the metro once - when we went out to the Biodome), Rue Peel, Rue Crescent - and even down to Old Montreal. We stayed in the smallest room - the king studio - and it was huge. It had a full kitchen - including a dishwasher. And the bathroom was gorgeous - clearly newly renovated and pristine.The staff was also excellent. They helped us get a 7:30pm reservation at great nearby French restaurant (Restaurant Julien) when it was already 6pm on Saturday night!My only teeny-weeny wish was that the pool would have been heated or that they had a hot tub. But, then again, there are better things to do in Montreal than soak in a hot tub!	
Oct 1 2007	best kept secret	When your own Montreal born and raised family have never heard of it, you know it's a tiny gem yet to be discovered. This hotel is fantastically situated, a short walk to everything, even a grocery store. With the cute little kitchen, it's nice to be able to store nibblies - especially when you're toting kids. The rooms are crazy big and so clean and crisp. It's a boutique hotel with none of the arrogance one would expect from something so neat and chic. I love the rooftop deck - while the kids swim in the indoor pool, it's possible to bring your own drinks to the adjacent outdoor deckchairs and take in the last bit of sun, before heading out for the night. My only complaint, and it's more a nuisance than anything, is when it's busy you can wait for a table at breakfast (which is included) because the dining space is a little tight. But the coffee is fantastic and they serve Montreal (St. Viateur) bagels &amp; cream cheese (among other things - but what else counts?). Truly great value and well deserves its #1 spot.	
Sep 28 2007	Home from home!	We spent 3 nights at the Square Phillips and found it to be as good as the reviews on TripAdvisor suggested. We had so much space in our suite, we were rattling around! It was almost too big. Whilst the suite was only modestly furnished, it had absolutely everything you'd need and was extremely quiet.The bed was comfortable and the bathroom offered lavish amounts of hot water at all times. The Internet access was very helpful and the staff were a little cool but basically helpful. The location is interesting, it is worth walking up Blvd St Catherine for a mile or two to find an amazing choice of restaurants. Breakfast was perfectly adequate but not exciting. We would unhesitatingly recommend Square Phillips but it does lend itself to a longer stay and is not particularly atmospheric or romantic.	
Sep 14 2007 	Good deal but...	We stayed 5 nights at the beginning of September at the Square Philips, and it was the right choice as we were travelling with 2 small kids and my mother. The room was huge: we hade two separate bed rooms, and a very large kitchen-dining-sitting area. The swimming-pool was great, with very nice views of Montreal.That's on the good side.What I didn't appreciate was breakfast, which is served in a cantine-like room and has absolotely the charm of one: none at all. Breakfast in itself is basic: bagels, bread, marmelade, peanut-butter and philadelphia cheese, cereals and coffee and that's it.The hotel served our needs (large rooms with a kitchen + swimming-pool), it is clean, staff is friendly and it is well situated for shopping tours, but if I were looking for a &quot;charming&quot; hotel, I would not return there.	
Sep 11 2007	Great hotel especially for longer stays	I recently spent 6 nights at the Square Phillips Hotel while attending a conference that was held at the nearby Queen Elizabeth Fairmont. The rooms at the Square Phillips are enormous--very high ceilings and two large windows that let in lots of light and nice nighttime vistas of the city. I booked their smallest option but had a king-sized bed and 2 closets, a full kitchen (bigger than what many people in Manhattan have in their homes). Bathroom was large and all was very clean. The free high-speed internet access was great since I was working for part of my trip. The staff were always very friendly and helpful. I enjoyed the small gym adjacent to the lap pool. These are on the roof along with a nice terrace with great views of the city and Mont Royal. Just half a block off of St. Catherine with lots of shops and restaurants and near the McGill metro. The building is very solid and our room was always quiet. I never heard other guests except an occasional elevator door closing. I took advantage ofa Montreal tourist board promotion &quot;Sweet Deal&quot; and got 1/2 off the cost of the 3rd and 6th nights. We will definitely stay here again. Thanks for the good tip Tripadvisor travelers.	
Sep 11 2007 	Wonderful spot!	Trip Advisor had it right: this is an excellent hotel. The rooms were enormous, having a kitchen was a much appreciated convenience, the location was perfect (a down hill walk to the old city), the staff was always courteous, and most important, the price was right. The hotel was conveniently located near a metro stop so we could enjoy the Montreal Market, St. Denis, etc. The exercise facility is much better than your average hotel's and I found the laundry facility to be very convenient, especially on a long trip. This hotel has everything you need for the right place. Book it if you can.	
Sep 8 2007 	A good choice	Comfortable large &quot;suites&quot; i.e. rooms with kitchenette, well equipped with a large fridge, hob, oven and microwave. Well maintained. Quiet at night if you don’t mind the noise from the fridge. Well located for the shops; walkable (under 20 mins) to the Old Town, Chinatown and the Village. Near the metro for a short journey to the Plateau. Would stay again...but do offer two tips for other travellers:?The inclusive continental breakfast is quite limited in choice and available in a noisy, over-crowded breakfast room – so it is worth knowing that the hotel encourages you to use the tray in your room to stock up on items from the breakfast room and bring them back to eat in your own suite…and, of course, that allows you to supplement the hotel’s food with your favourite breakfast things bought from a local supermarket (5 mins walk).?The Italian restaurant attached to the lobby which will deliver pizzas and salads to your room is of only so-so quality and expensive by Montreal standards. There are other local takeaway’s which you can bring back yourself.	
Sep 7 2007 	Good Value	Now it's my turn to finally review this hotel. Overall, it's a great value; the rooms are spacious and the hotel is located in the heart of Monteal. When we arirved they overbooked the hotel -a film crew stayed one more day than was originally scheduled. They profusely apologized for this inconvenience and sent us along with a couple of other families to the Embassy Suites for one night in Vieux Montreal (Old Montreal). They comped the first night and gave us a free room upgrade. It turned out to be the opening day for this Embassy Suites so every thing in the hotel is brand new. The experience was very positive. They have great cosy comforters and a chef can prepare you an omelet as part of the complimentary breakfast. Uniike the Square Phillipe, the rooms are not as spacious and the ceilings are low. However, they have top of the line ameneties. i.e., flat screen T.V.s a large hot tub and a stainless steel fridge, just to name a couple of things. Le Square Philliipe, although not in Old Montreal, is in walking distance. Unlike the Embassy Suites the decor is a la 90's, The room is fairly sparse, but spacious, clean and very livable. This is important if you are staying in Monteal for a long time. Since the hotel is a renovated warehouse from the 1920's, the building is well sound-proofed. The pool, which is located on the roof is beautifiul with a panoramic view. The continental breakfast is good, but can attract large crowds. They serve Montreal bagels,which are truly the best bagels on the planet! The hotel does provide you with a breakfast tray, so you can take the food up to your room if you wish. All your shopping can be done at the IGA around the corner. The grocery store closes at 10:00pm and is fairly pricey. In Montreal you can buy beer and wine in grocery stores. Depending on what you're looking for, there's a Dollar store in the Eaton Center, which is actually closer to than the IGA.Not to be missed: 1) the gourmet pizza restaurant right next to the hotel (the one with the outdoor dining). It's fantasitic, although the pies are small 2)in door skating within a 10 minute walk from the hotel-it's very inexpensive, beautiful and a great activity, especially if it rains 3) renting bikes in old montreal -it's fun for the entire family, even if your kids can't ride bikes yet (you can rent attachments for them as did we) 4) renting quadrabikes in Old Montreal right on the bike path. We had a great time, Bon vacances!	
Aug 29 2007 	Excellent Hotel	The hotel is in a very good location and has huge rooms with kitchens as mentioned by other people. The rooms were very quiet. The beds and linen are not the high quality of other hotels but are certainly adequate for a good night's sleep. Staff very helpful.	
Aug 21 2007	Great location huge room	Really central in terms of accessing Montreal centre. Close to shops, Old Montreal, location for tourist bus etc. We stayed there at the end of July 2007 and we our room was huge - more like an apartment.No bar, limited catering facilities there, but our room came with kitchenette so i guess that they expect people to self cater largely. One massive bonus was the decent roof top swimming pool with a decked area outside which gives you an extra option to unwind at the end of the day. Lots of families there.	
Aug 17 2007	Great hotel great location	This hotel is in a perfect location downtown. The room is HUGE and has a kitchen in it. The bed is fantastic (first night of sleep in a week in the US).All shops and sights are within walking distance (Notre Dame, Chinatown etc).Indoor valet parking is $19 a day, outdoorparking next door is $13. We opted for valet.	
Aug 16 2007 	Great Choice!	We spent 4 nights there and everything was as expected. We had a Junior double suite - double bed in an alcove, living room with pull out sofa, and kitchenette. The room was huge and gave room for a family of four to spread out. We made a number of requests (extra pillows, silence the barking dog next door) and all were taken care of promptly and with a smile.The continental breakfast was just ok - cereal, croissants, toast, juice, coffee. (I was hoping for chocolate croissants!) It was busy and they were well staffed to clear dishes and replenish supplies.The pool and exercise area were small but clean and well outfitted, and there is a nice sun deck with lounge chairs on the roof.The location is ok, near University of McGill, and convenient to the Metro, shopping, and major portions of the underground city. But it was a good 15-20 minute walk to Old Montreal (at a fast pace), and there was not a great selection of better resaurants nearby.It was a good location for a family - McDonalds, Burger King, Quiznos, and food courts are very close, as is an IMAX movie theatre. For a romantic getaway, I think there are better choices location-wise.	
Aug 15 2007 	Excellent Choice for Montreal	We stayed at Le Square Phillip after reading all the great reviews from tripadvisor. They could not have been more true. We had a &quot;junior&quot; king suite that was huge and very comfortable. The hotel is so clean, I don't know how their staff keeps it that way with the size of the suites they have to take care of, but they do. The breakfast was just right, and the rooftop terrace had a great view of the city at night. We were completely satisfied with our stay.	
Aug 15 2007 	Perfect for lone female travellers	I went to visit a friend in Montreal and was let down at the last minute and needed to find somewhere to stay fast. As i was travelling from England, tripadvisor was my best bet for advice. After reading other reviews of this hotel I decided to book and let me tell you, believe the reviews! I often travel alone and if you're female you'll understand that sometimes the eating alone thing can attract the wrong sort of attention. The benefit of this hotel is you have your own kitchen so you at least have the choice of having some meals in your studio. The atmosphere is modern but relaxed, there is a small gym and beautiful roof terrace, also a laundry room and pool on the top floor. You have internet access in your room if you bring a laptop, I didn't but quickly discovered the room next to reception where you can use the internet and print for free. You just need to tell reception and they will let you in. There are busy times when there is a wait list but ask reception to call your room once it's free. The room: I had a deluxe king studio and it was huge! Everything you could need is there and of a really high standard. You can pay for movies or there are numerous tv channels, though watch out for some of the tv movies which will appear on your final bill - minimal amount but I was unaware of this. Within your first few days, go to St Catharine St Ouest (turn right out of hotel, its the main road running past The Bay department store) and head a few blocks to the left where you'll find a square with the tourist information centre and all the bus sightseeing tours. I took an open top double decker bus tour and it was so worth it, you get to see the old port, Notre Dame Basilica etc etc and you really get your bearings and see some fantastic architecture. I did this on my last day to kill some time before heading to the airport - do it sooner than I did! I found Montreal to be a really pleasant place full of polite, respectful people. You'll see quite a few homeless people and you'll probably get asked for money, but if you refuse you'll just get an almost apologetic ok, have a good day type response which surprised me. A nice change from central London where you really need your armour on day to day. Hope this helps!	
Aug 14 2007 	Phenomenal Experience	I couldn't wait to get home to write a glowing review of Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites in Montreal. Reviews that other travelers had posted on Trip Advisor tipped me off that this would be a good experience, but it exceeded all expectations. My family of 4 (spouse, 2 teens) stayed in a spectacular 2 bedroom suite that lacked only a half bath (in addition to the full bath) to fall short of perfect. Every member of staff that we encountered was exceptionally courteous, happy and helpful. The location is terrific - within a brisk 20 minute walk of nearly everything worth seeing and doing in downtown Montreal. Be sure to eat at Restauant Julien, a block from the hotel!	
Aug 14 2007 	a well kept secret	We stayed for 8 days from July 30 - Aug 7 in a 2 beds studio. When we first arrived, I forgot about their valet parking feature and since we were heading right out, we didn't want the valet to park the van and told him we would only be checking in, unload and be gone again. He warned us that if we took longer than 15 minutes then the hotel wouldn't be responsible for the parking ticket. Hm.. We also told him that we would park the van ourselves since we had things we needed to clear out of the van. Instead of telling us that it's valet parking only, he told us the hotel parkade's full and we would have to park our van 3 blocks away in another parking lot, in the rain! By that time, I was not too fond of that guy! Fortunately it was all explained to us at the front desk. We did put them to work though since we were in and out with our van on most days. Oh well, valet service for $19/ day parking. A very good deal.When we arrived in the room, we found a wine cork and crumbs under the round table for 4. How the housekeeping missed that was beyond me since it was the first thing we spotted. That was cleaned up the next day when I left the housekeeping a note and we never had anymore problem after that. We also had an issue with the TV/remote when we tried to access the movie channel but that was taken care of promptly when the handyman was sent up. Impressive! All in all, we enjoyed our stay there and the continental breakfast was more than adequate. The staffs at the front desk were friendly and helpful. Now if the valet guys would just smile!!! If anyone going to Montreal looking for a jazz jam, Don’t. It's nepotism at its worst. Our 19 yr son, one of the top young jazz pianists in our city, wanted to jam with the locals there so he located a jazz club with open stage/jam night. On our last night, instead of spending it with our daughter, we went down to Upstairs jazz club on Rue MacKay with our son for the jam night. We were the first to arrive before the band, the first to put his name down to jam and yet, the drummer put all his friends up there, 2 songs each @ 20 minute/piece and ignored this young kid from out of town. The sad part was my son even sat and chatted with the band so they knew he was from out of town. He was told as late as midnight, 1/2 hr before the close of the jam that he would have a chance to go on. Well, he never got called. We contacted the establishment and voiced our concerns but the email was ignored. Go to House of Jazz on Kennedy and Aylmer. A way nicer and more established jazz club.	
Aug 13 2007 	Your home in Montréal	I stayed at the Le Square Phillips with my family (my wife and I have a teenager daughter) twice during my three-weeks holidays in Canada last July.I selected this place after reading favourable reviews on this very website. As it is often the case, I was not disappointed.We arrived late on a Sunday night and we were welcomed by very friendly front-desk staff. The property seems to me to be a reconverted office building. The re-conversion was done with very great care and good taste. Our room was more a large one-bedroom flat - with a fully equipped kitchen - than an hotel room. You feel that you have your own place in the second largest French-speaking town in the world!The attractions of the place are essentially three:1. LocationYou are really at the hearth of downtown Montréal. Everything (and I mean everything) is at walking distance!2. ServiceThe hotel is modelled upon the self-catering apartment philosophy. But you have only the advantages of that (i.e. extremely ample rooms). Whatever you may need, the competent, professional and friendly staff is there to help you out. They do deserve full marks.3. Prestige of the buildingThe building is a very nice one at the hearth of the town. If you want to be perfectionist, the choice of the furniture in the roms could have been more tasteful. In spite of that, the overall result is outstanding. I particularly liked the gym and the pool at the top floor. The pool is to small to have a good swim, but the deckchairs in the terrace command a spectacular view of the skyscrapers of Montréal. Not to be missed!I would list only two (very minor) negative points:1.The breakfast room tends to be overcrowded and the food there is not what you would expect in such a nice property. This said, it would be unfair to complain about that: continental breakfast is included in the room rate – a pretty unusual feature in Canada, where you are charged for every extra breath of fresh air!2.We were granted a late check-out at 01.00 pm during our second stay, but the room-maid knocked our door ten minutes before the term. We found that unnecessarily rude, but this can be the personal initiative of a de-motivated member of the staff and cannot change our very positive valuation of this property.	
Aug 12 2007 	Great hotel!!	We just got back and were very impressed with this hotel. We have 2 kids, 12 &amp; 15, and the family suite was enormous. Huge rooms, kitchen (didn't use it but it was there), friendly &amp; professional staff and no problems whatsoever. The rooftop deck is nice and there is a workout room and pool.Location is nice but we spent much of our time down in the old city so the walk was getting boring but it helped to work off the excellent meals that we had in some wonderful little restaurants.We wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.	
Aug 7 2007 	A great place for parents with small children	My husband and I stayed at Le Square Phillips with our 2-year-old son for 8 days this July. This hotel is SUPERB for families. Our very well-appointed suite had a separate bedroom so that we could continue to enjoy our night after our little one was asleep. The room was beautiful, very clean, and peaceful. The FULL kitchen allowed us to eat in every night (and a very good IGA grocery store nearby helped too). The enclosed roof-top pool also allowed our son to work off some energy before bedtime. We swam while our laundry finished in the laundry room next door to the pool. The staff was attentive and helpful, and the location is central. We rode the Metro all week and never needed to use a taxi (except to get to and from the airport). Le Square Phillips made a wonderful basecamp for all of our Montreal explorations!	
Jul 30 2007	They Have a Rooftop Terrace!	Okay, everyone loves this place. I was in for a convention and easy to walk to Palais de Congres. One thing no one ever mentions is that there is a wrap-around rooftop deck at this hotel. There are about 10 chaise lounges up there. Great place to look over the town and get some fresh air!Hotel staff is awesome. Place is as clean as a whistle. It is also a pleasure to have dogs around! The rooms are huge and have free internet. Location was excellent.Good restaurants: French - Chez Julien (1 block over-if summer/fall sit in the courtyard!) and Jardin Nelson for crepes. This restaurant is in old Montreal and is a bower of flowers. Have live jazz too.	
Jul 29 2007 	Fantastic hotel in the heart of the city	I read the reviews for this hotel, and then decided to try it out. The reviews were right on the money. I would classify this hotel a 3 star, but it is by far the best 3 star I've ever stayed in.The building is an old warehouse/factory that has been totally renovated and remodeled to turn it into a modern hotel. I loved the concrete pillars throughout the building, and the use of lighting to accent them was very tasteful.The staff was very helpful and professional. They were always ready to help and ready to go above and beyond what was asked of them.I stayed in a family suite with 3 children and my wife, and we found the unit to be quite spacious, clean and tasteful. The kitchen was well supplied with basic utensils/pots/pans/dishes. Bathroom was similarly equipped and very clean.The beds and linens were of very good quality, the kind you would find in a more luxurious hotel.The HVAC system was also very good. No noisy corner/wall unit, and there was attention to detail apparent with the installation of air deflectors under the curtains. Thsi effectively eliminates that annoying curtain-flapping that occurs in many other hotels.Our rate included a contiental breakfast in the breakfast room on the second floor. An excellent experience. All food was well stocked and I really liked the Montréal style bagels...a real treat.The pool/exercise room/terrace was adequate and very well maintained. These facilities cannot handle large crowds, but we never had such a problem. Also the laundry facilities on site were great.The location of the hotel is fantasitc. Within walking distance of the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth and other high-end hotels. Also close by are Ste Cathrine St., McGill University, Percival Molson Stadium, Vieux Port de Montréal, restaurants galore, shopping, and the list goes on.The only thing that I can think of that I didn't like about this hotel was that there wasn't much of a view from any vantage point I could see. But I guess when you're in a 10 storey building, surrounded by taller ones, what do you expect?Overall, for downtown Montréal, and for what we experienced, I was very happy with this hotel, and would go back, and would recommend it to anyone who asks.Well done!	
Jul 29 2007 	Great stay at Le Square Phillips	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Le Square Phillips. The hotel is in central downtown - about 15 mins walk down to Old Montreal. Our room was clean, and huge - with a kitchen, dining table and chairs, and a comfortable king size bed. We enjoyed the complimentary breakfasts, which were simple but tasty and filling. On one morning, our toliet blocked up, but this was quickly fixed once we brought it to the attention of reception.Old Montreal (where we spent most of our time) is a 10 min walk away, with Place Jacques Cartier (a cool square with plenty of great restaurants) a further 10 mins. The big shopping malls and dept stores on the other hand, are only a couple of mins away - as are several metro stops. This is a great hotel - one we would happily recommend to anyone.	
Jul 28 2007 	What a pleasant surprise!	I booked the hotel based on the positive reviews. I am a seasoned traveler and usually steer clear of hotels that aren't of large chains.Boy have I been wrong! This hotel was so very pleasant. Check-in by friendly attractive young ladies. The concierge/valet immediately greeted us, took our car and then brought our bags up to meet us. The room was huge, immaculate, and well designed. The hotel is very cool. Perfect for a fun romantic weekend or an extended stay. The bathroom was big and clean. The windows are floor to ceiling with 15 foot high ceilings.I am very impressed by this hotel and will return.	
Jul 20 2007 	Maybe best hotel ever	Great hotel in a great location. Rooms are large, well appointed and pristine. Family suites are really big and comfortable. Had everything we could possibly need. Love the modern design in what is an old structure. Very well done. Super staff everywhere, all more than willing to help, no matter what the need. Great terrace pool/exercise room and laundry room. Location could not have been any better. Valet parking works great. Great place, will go there again....	
Jul 16 2007 	Very good choice	We stayed at the hotel with our two kids, and had a very enjoyable stay. We chose a basic room with two double beds, but it was very spacous and clean. The kitchen/dining area had a stove, microwave and full-size refrigerator, and plenty of room to cook a regular meal. The staff were courteous and helpful. Although there is a parking lot behind the hotel, cars did not seem to stay there overnight, so it is necessary to use the valet parking, however we did not need to wait more than a few minutes for the car each time we needed it. We had a deal through the Montreal tourism website which gave us 50% off the third nights stay. This went through very easily at the hotel. The location was very central and close to many interesting places in the city. Overall I would strongly recommend this hotel for families.	
Jul 15 2007 	Fabulous weekend at Le Square Phillips	We stayed for a three day weekend at the Le Square Phillips. We got a special three day package through a Montreal tourism special. The hotel was absolutely fabulous. The King studio was large with a small kitchen area and a table to eat at. The bathroom was clean and had a marble sink. The staff were unusually accommodating. The consiege helped us get to the International fireworks on time when we decided to go last minute. Our weekend was wonderful and staying at this hotel helped make it so. I would definitely stay again. Only negative was poor water pressure in the showers and the towels could have been softer. Very mild criticism of a great experience.	
Jul 9 2007 	High praise for Le Square Phillips	My family stayed here for an over night trip to Montreal and we were pleasantly surprised by our stay at this hotel. The price was reasonable (under $200) and it was in an ideal location. The only very minor drawback was that we had to wait a while for valet parking and we were warned by the local parking attendant to beware of leaving valuables in the car. We were able to walk to St. Catherine in about a minute, to the heart of Jazz Festival in 5 minutes, and to Chinatown in less than 10 minutes. Check in was easy and the desk staff was very courteous. We got a suite on the 10th floor with a kitchen/dining area and two double beds. The kitchen was fully stocked with dishwasher, stove, microwave, and fridge. There was seating for four at the table. The ceilings were very high and there were large windows that brought in a lot of light. It was much bigger than all of the five star hotels I have stayed at. Free breakfast and internet access were big pluses. There was also a roof deck with a pool, workout room, and laundry facilities. Would highly recommend this place to anyone staying in Montreal!	
Jul 8 2007	Large Rooms Downtown	Our room was the largest hotel room that I have ever seen. Large comfortable king bed, sink, refrigerator, microwave, dishwasher, and a stylish column. The room had style, comfort, and size. Located on a quiet side street in downtown Montreal, the hotel is within walking distance of shopping, metro stations, and old town. The hotel property was clean and the staff extraordinally helpful.	
Jul 7 2007 	Best hotel on our trip!	My family of six stayed for three nights at Le Square Phillips during June 2007. We reserved a family suite room with the Sweet Deal ala Montreal rate of $251 for the first two nights and $125.50 for the third. As stated by other reviews, the room was enormous with high ceilings and was spotless. King bedroom, queen bed in an alcove and a queen sofa bed along with two TVs, a full kitchen and a large bathroom. Room is well insulated as we never heard anyone else in hallways or other rooms during our stay. Separate a/c units in the bedroom and living room allowed different temperatures, if necessary.Being a smaller hotel, the staff was outstanding. There was no wait at all for check in and the valet/concierge was very helpful with recommendations and locations. Parking is $19 per day, but unlike some other hotels, they were able to handle the size of our minivan. Daily housemaid service even loaded and ran the dishwasher for us.Location is excellent, within walking distance of most attractions and within a few blocks of the metro for those farther visits. The kids enjoyed the pool, and although it is small in comparison to other hotels, they had it to themselves, so no complaining. Breakfast was good continental fare with plenty of seating area. Overall, an excellent hotel experience and highly recommended!	
Jul 6 2007 	Definitely one of the best hotels i've been to...	I stayed at this hotel based on the trusted Tripadvisor reviews and ratings. This hotel was extremely clean and very contemporary. Rooms were loft like and had a mini kitchen with stove, fridge...etc. Hotel staff was friendly too. One negative was that parking fees were mistakenly added to my bill, which was easily corrected.there are metered parking spots right in front and across the street from the hotel. definitely stay here again.	
Jul 1 2007	The Best!	Listen, there isn't much more to say. It is simply the best place to stay in Montreal. I've stayed here a few times in the past. but this was the first time my boyfriend stayed here. I loved the look on his face when he saw our room. He thought for sure they made an error because it was so big and beautiful. A seperate bedroom, full kitchen, two TVs. Fantastic!You are close to everything! It's quiet. The rooms are huge! The staff ever so nice. The breakfast is not the best ever, but it has all the standards (cereal, juice, toast, muffins, fresh fruit )and it is clean, which is most important. The view off the roof top is great as well. Stay here!	
Jun 26 2007 	Lives up to expectations	Just returned from a 7 night stay at this hotel and can affirm all the previous great reviews. It is in a great location right in the city centre but still remains quiet enough to give you peace. The building is in an excellent state of repair, everything works and the whole place is spotlessly clean. We took a junior suite which was the most enormous hotel room I have ever had. 2 televisions, fridge, cooker, dining table, sofa, enormous bed, fantastic bathroom, storage room the list goes on, simply huge. The staff were pleasant and cheerful at all times and extremely attentive. The free breakfast was really good and also well managed with staff in attendance at all times. This was my first visit to Montreal and now it is one of my favourite cities. A wonderfully clean and fresh city where even the street dwellers were pleasant. On any trip you get the views for free, I like to have a good base to return to and this could not have been better. Do not worry about missing the breakfast either; it is situated next to a host of coffee shops and little street cafes. Lunch and dinner are also well catered for in the vicinity (Try McLeans on Rue Peel for great for great pub meals and atmosphere). If you want to stay in Montreal you will find this hotel difficult to beat for value. Well worth its excellent ratings.	
Jun 20 2007 	Great place to stay in Montreal	We stayed in Square Phillip for 2 nights in early May. Very good location - we walked to the old city, park on Mont Royal, Museum of Fine Arts and Latin Quarter. Excellent room (we stayed in the family suite), very clean, spacious and convenient. We didn't use a kitchen (well may be fridge) but I always prefer to stay in a place equipped with a kitchen especially when travelling with kids so it was a plus for us. Breakfast was very simple but it was OK for us. However it may be a good idea to opt instead for a good patisserie / boulangerie. Nice swimming pool and excercise room on the roof. It was not a high season so we were the only ones swimming in the pool and kids had plenty of room to horse around. Overall this hotel deserves the number one rating on TA.	
Jun 9 2007 	Very good value	This hotel offers exceptional facilities for a mid-range hotel. My husband stayed for 11 nights, which was part business/part holiday. I joined him for 6 nights. The room was ideal for us as it was huge. The kitchen was very useful to make snacks, drinks etc. The view out of our window was pretty boring, but it was very quiet. The air-con/heating was the best I have ever come across. While we were there the outside temperature varied from just above freezing to a very sticky 90, but our room just stayed a perfect temperature. It was also silent, (I hate being woken up in the night by the aircon kicking in)The breakfast was pretty good, although perhaps could have a little bit more variety. For anyone staying for just a few days I'm sure it wouldn't be a problem.I enjoyed having a swim before breakfast. The pool and pool area is pleasant, but the pool is really narrow, two swimmers and it's full. My only negative about this hotel was the condition of the pool water. After the first few days we both noticed that our skin was dry and itchy. I thought it might be the pool, but I wasn't sure, and as I really like to have a swim I continued to use the pool. On the last day I noticed that the water was really cloudy and since I've come home I have re-washed our swimwear several times and it still stinks of chemicals.	
Jun 4 2007 	Very Nice	We stayed here for one night on our weekend trip to Montreal. The staff was very friendly, the concierge helpful in getting us a restaurant reservation, and the room was very spacious (Studio with King bed). We didn't use the kitchen in the room, but it was a very nice addition, especially if you plan on staying a few days. We spent most of our time in Old Montreal, which was a good 15-20 minute walk. So if you know you will spend alot of time there, you may want to take a taxi or find a hotel in old montreal. Otherwise, this hotel is right in downtown and very close to all the shopping and restaurants in downtown.Overall, a very enjoyable hotel experience.	
May 27 2007 	Friendly Staff and Perfect Location	My husband, two elementary age daughters, and I stayed at this hotel in late April 2007. We were impressed by the friendliness of the staff and happy to be in such a good location--right in the middle of everything yet on a quiet side street. The room was clean, very quiet, and well stocked with plates and utensils, along with the usual coffee pot and hair dryer. The continental breakfast buffet (though unchanging from day to today) was hearty and healthful (with good coffee too). The bed in the hide-a-bed sofa was ironically more comfortable than our bed, though. Our bed was hard and unforgiving, I'm afraid. The room was stylishly decorated but somewhat austere--perhaps because the ceilings are so high and the carpet so thin. If you like that look, then this is the place for you. It was a nice room, just not my kind of look and feel because it was not warm and homey (which can be important in a cold city like Montreal). The pool, as other reviewers have noted, is tiny. The water (at least during our visit) also had a moldy smell that did not come out of my daughter's bathing suit until we had washed it three times. I will say, however, that she enjoyed the pool all the same--and the rooftop view was lovely. Overall, I would stay here again. The price and convenience-- not to mention the clean, quiet rooms and halls, and especially the truly kind and thoughtful staff--make it a top choice for a stay in downtown Montreal.	
May 17 2007 	Amazing family hotel	This hotel was simply amazing. We went to Montreal for the Mother's day weekend. There were eight of us in total and it was tough to finda decent hotel last minute. We came across this hotel from tripadvisor and found we could have a family suite that would accomodate all of us together. Great! For a total of $268 CAD a night, that was cheaper than any other place we could have all stayed at.I was totally amazed to find that not only did our family suite have two huge bedrooms, it also had an enormous family room, dining area and complete kitchen that was fully equipped complete with stove, fridge,microwave and even a dishwasher. Oh la la! A continental breakfast was also included and was very decent. They had a selection of cereals, juices, bagels, bread, muffins and slices of cake aswell as Nabob coffee and tea.The indoor, rooftop pool was great fun for the kids. The staff were exceptionally friendly.The hotel is very conveniently located; a short walk from the &quot;happening area&quot; yet the actual road the hotel is on is very quite. Just perfect. Wouldn't want to stay anywhere else on my next visit!	
May 16 2007 	The absolute best	I found Le Square Phillips through TripAdvisor and it remains the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at. We booked the room for New Years' Eve in 2006, and for four people, was a great value and incredibly roomy with a wonderful location. The staff were young and professional, the hotel's appearance was clean and well kept with a fully stocked kitchen (and dishwasher if I remember correctly!), and the room was more spacious than our home. I would definitely recommend Le Square Phillips to anyone staying in Montreal.	
May 14 2007 	Exellent service great location great price	My husband and I stayed at the Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites this past weekend May 11, and we were extremely happy with our choice. I initially heard about this hotel through tripadvisor which had rated it # 1 and boy are they on the mark. The rooms are very spacious, neat, neat, neat, close to everything, great service, all this for a great price. We will definitely stay there in the future. If I had to pick something negative, I guess maybe the free breakfast. Perhaps more fruit and cheese. But I guess beggars can't be choosers. Overall we loved it!Sincerely,A very happy customer	
May 6 2007 	Nice Hootel with large rooms	We stayed at the Square Philips for 2 nights at the end of March. This Hotel was lovely with very large rooms all spotlessly clean.The inclusive continental breakfast was delicious with lots of cakes and pastries and as much toast as you could eat. The ladies in the breakfast room filled up the shelves constantly so no one went without.The pool was quite small fine for a couple of swimmers but we had 6 kids which I am sure put off anyone else who might have wanted to use the pool! Car parking was $19 per night + tax a bit steep but normal for a big city and your car is actually parked inside the building. The fitness area was quite small and very hot if you were mad enough to try the running machine like me. The one thing that some people might be put off by was that the back of the Hotel overlooks a car park and in the corner of the car park is a little settlement of homeless people living in tents(2-3). This didn't bother us and it provided hours of entertainment for the kids &quot;Tramp watching&quot; as they put it. They invited all their friends in to watch and we got a running commentary of what was going on.We loved the Hotel but were not that impressed with Montreal. The underground shopping centre was good but there wasn't much else to see. The most interesting part we found was the old port. There are a lot of run down areas and when you come from the airport the view is a bit dismal with graffiti everywhere.	
May 3 2007 	Great Home Away From Home	I recently stayed at this hotel and it was a great home away from home. As a first timer visiting Montreal I wanted to stay in a hotel with good access to shopping, transporation and some activities. Clearly this is the place to stay. In walking distance there is plenty of shopping, metro access, a tourist center, museums, grocery store, plenty of coffee shops and only 3 blocks from the House of Jazz. The hotel staff were the greatest. Always available and willing to assist. My room was more than I had hoped for and the king sized bed was very comfortable. I would stay here again for sure.	
Apr 23 2007	A hotel for neat freaks!	This hotel was the cleanest we have ever stayed in. It was so clean, that even I, a confessed neat freak, failed to find a hair, a stain or a speck of dust. The staff was welcoming and the location was very good, in downtown, although not charming. Neither are the rooms. They are modern and efficient and very comfortable, but they don't exude any kind of French flair.But that is not a fault of the hotel. We actually found that much of Montreal lacked a bit of the expected charm, and we realized that in our minds we had built it up to be more Old Worldly than reality supports. It's a welcoming and very youthful city, but it's not Paris by any stretch.So this hotel reflects the style of the town quite perfectly.All in all a very good value.	
Apr 23 2007 	The Perfect Hotel in Montreal	We stayed one night here this past weekend. I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel.The check-in was quick and friendly. They even upgraded us from a junior suite to a full suite. The room itself was huge, clean and modern. The location is perfect, a couple of blocks from all the shopping you can handle (Eaton Centre, Simon's, and at least 3 other malls). And all that for such a low price - incredible.Next time I am in Montreal, I'm definitely staying here again. Loved it.	
Apr 22 2007 	Great Hotel	This building has been fantastically converted into studios/suites. We only had a studio which was brilliant, can’t imagine how the suite could have bettered what we had. The kitchen had everything, cooker, microwave dishwasher and fridge freezer. Bathroom was a good size and again had everything you need, including good quality toiletries. Hotel also has a good gym and swimming pool and excellent laundry facilities if you need them. The complimentary breakfast each morning was also very good and had an excellent choice. The parking in the hotel was secure and reasonably priced. The location was pretty central and had easy access to the underground city. Would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 18 2007 	Great concept great value	Great concept, great value, thoroughly decent. Stayed in a studio king room - had considered the Omni or Sofitel, but chose Le Square P based on the size of the room, kitchen in room - the Sofitel bargain rate looked miniscule by comparison. Location: right off the main shopping street (St. Catherine), tons of people out and a lot of activity. A lot of nearby quick food locations - vegetarians note: Le Commensal, a vegetarian buffet, is a block or two down St. Catherine and definitely worth a stop for lunch. Loads of coffee places: Second Cup, Tim Hortons, Starbucks not too far, Cafe Van Houtte. Can easily walk from the hotel to Old Montreal, Old Port, Notredame, Museums, and Mount Royal.Caveats (minor): pack your own lotion (no sample size in bathroom - carried on luggage and was trying to avoid liquids); breakfast decent, nice since was included, but not elaborate (bread, some muffins, cereal - all carbs, no yogurt, fruit salad); room was near elevator, could hear people getting on and off at night and talking in the hallway.Must try: Maple latte at Canadian Maple Delights in Old Montreal. Also recommend the maple shortbread cookie w/ maple icing.Overall: would stay at Le Square P again, good location for a first trip to the city, although for a second trip to Montreal, would likely just stay in the Old Montreal section.	
Apr 16 2007 	Wonderful hotel!	I just came back from a weekend in Montreal. I live in Burlington, VT so Montreal is a nice weekend excursion. I was very, very impressed with Le Square Phillips! Check in went very smooth and we were amzed when we saw our room. I was a little worried that there had been a mistake and we were given a suite instead of the standard room that I had reserved. But there was no mistake - the rooms are just that big. And it was very clean and quite nice.I am a little confused by the earlier comment stating that there is only a Burger King nearby. Yes, there is a Burger King near the hotel, but there are some other restaurants right there and if you walk a few blocks on St. Catherine's there are tons of restaurants. The hotle is very centrally located with St. Catherine's Street literally a block away. The Eaton Center is about three blocks away. Anyone not afraid to walk a couple blocks would LOVE the location of thins hotel. And the metro is right at the Eaton Center, so if you can't or don't want to walk, you can take that all around the city.	
Apr 13 2007 	Great Business Hotel	We picked this hotel based on other previous reports. We just got back from staying at this hotel and the previous trip reports give correct and accurate information on this very good hotel. If you are looking for a very nice apartment hotel, this hotel is for you. The pictures on their website are accurate. Very clean, nice accommodations and friendly helpful staff. Guests include families and business people. The lap pool was nice for an early morning swim. It is not a pool for small children. The work out room is clean and the equipment is newer and in good condition. The outside terrace has beautiful views. It should be so nice in the warm weather. The included breakfast is perfect for getting started before a day of touring the city. Bring your tray from your room if you want to bring back bagels, juice, cereal and fruit to eat in your own kitchen. Around the corner on Ste Catherine is a large pharmacy that has soda and snacks; they are open till 9:00 or 10:00 pm. Ste Catherine is a little seedy but safe. We went to the Atwater market (a short metro ride away) and bought cheeses, foie gras, banquettes and some pastries. We went across the street outside Atwater Market and bought wine at the government controlled liquor store (SAQ). There is also a very large grocery store next to the liquor store. We brought our snacks home and had a great feast. And since we had a full size kitchen we could savor our snacks for later. Just steps from the hotel there is a wood-burning-oven pizza restaurant across from the Phillip Square, and we had pizza leftovers in our room while watching a movie. There is a wonderful bistro on the same block as the hotel, at 1235 Phillips Square, Le Grqand Comptoir, and we ate there twice. This hotel is in the business district, but a short cab ride to anywhere (cabs are always available). The two metro stops are a very short walk from the hotel, the staff can give you directions. Our bed was firm but comfortable; the sheets are not luxurious and very thin. The shower is just ok, but the bathroom is very nice. The hotel is very quiet. This hotel is an excellent value	
Apr 11 2007 	Our favorite hotel in the world	We've now stayed at the Square Phillips three times, and loved it each time. The suites are huge, and give our family of four plenty of room to spread out. The location right in the center of Montreal is perfect as well. We returned to Montreal as much because we knew we'd have a great hotel as for the local attractions. Right now this is clearly our favorite hotel ... of any in the world.	
Apr 4 2007	Great hotel and a great price located in the heart of Montreal	Was in town for a hockey game and booked this hotel because of Tripadvisor. Hotel is easy to find via car. Check in was a snap. The hallways are very large and very modern. We booked a room with 2 double beds as it was two couples in this room. It was one large room with 2 full beds, there was a table to eat and kitchen with a full refrigerator, stove, etc. Room was very clean and had huge windows, with lots of light coming in. Parking was extra, and it's valet service. Hotel is in the middle of everything, there are a lot of stores just a block away. You can walk to the Bell Centre, it's about a 5 minute walk. Very close. I would definitely stay here again when in Montreal.	
Mar 29 2007 	Deserves it's number one rating	Booked it last week on the basis of the tripadvisor reviews, and was not disappointed. Rooms are large, clean, and modern and the location is unbeatable. Excellent value for those visiting a great city.	
Mar 28 2007 	The perfect hotel concept!	I've stayed at this hotel a few times over the past year, and I just wish every hotel were like the Square Phillips! No wonder its the #1 rated hotel in Montreal, not to mention the biggest bargain!On my last visit, I had booked a studio suite, as I usually do. I've only ever stayed in room 1006, however it was not available this time, and I was given room 819 instead. However when I walked into my room, I noticed that it was different. I then realized that I had been upgraded to a junior suite! It was HUGE (just under 700 square feet!). I could actually run around the room, it was that big!Beds are a little firm, but I had no problems sleeping. Bed linens were of suprisingly good quality, VERY soft and definitely not cheap, and better quality than that of pretty well anywhere I've ever stayed!My room had a sleeping alcove with a double bed and a TV, which was a nice touch, since I'm used to staying in studios.I only stayed 1 night, yet I did use the full kitchen,(cookware provided) to make my dinner that night, and the dishwasher is a great touch.Local calls (except for 800 numbers) and high speed internet (hard-wired) are free.Service at front desk was excellent, and very helpful.The free continental breakfast is a nice touch, and you can take it back to your room if you want to eat it in private.There is a little pool and exercise room on the roof level.I never expected so much for $132.00 CAD per night!This is truly the best bargain in Montreal, so before you book the Sheraton or Queen Elizabeth, you should check this place out first!	
Mar 9 2007 	Perfect Location!!!	My husband and I stayed at LSP at the beginning of our five day trip to Quebec to celebrate 10 years together. We are in our late twenties/early thirties and enjoy vacations that are packed with adventure and relaxation.We chose LSP mainly because of the location, bargain price and all of the positive reviews on Tripadvisor. This hotel definitely stands up to its' reputation. The rooms are clean and large. The eat-in fully equipped kitchen is perfect for having snacks, breakfast or even cooking (for people that want to stay longer or have finicky kids). The valet service is expensive per day, but in relation to the price of regular parking and the convenience of having your car quickly I would definitely recommend using their service. Don't forget to tip!!The location of this hotel cannot be better! Shopping is so close on Rue St. Catherine and a lot of fine restaurants surround you. Old Montreal is also in walking distance (10min) but the subway system, cabs or buses could also take you there promptly.If you are interested in coming here for a bachelor/bachelorette party weekend. The bars are close and the suites are perfect for larger groups.The final note is the staff. Every day we would ask them questions regarding the best restaurants, stores, attractions and they would give us great information. We will definitely spread the word about this gem.	
Mar 3 2007 	Amazing!	We stayed at Le Square Phllips for 3 nights, after reading such great reviews on trip advisor, and we were definitely impressed! The staff was outstanding, very helpful and polite. Whenever we needed directions or asked for suggestions of things to check out they were there to give us suggestions, directions, and map it out for us. Our room was HUGE, much more than we were expecting even from seeing pictures on trip advisor and the hotel website. We couldn't have been happier with the room, very big, clean and just a nice space. The kitchen area had a fridge, stove, dishwasher, and microwave, as well as tons of plates, utensils, etc. For a longer stay this would be perfect! The hotel itself is in a great location; no more than a 10 minute walk to the Eaton Centre and a movie theatre. Approximately 15 - 20 minute walk to Old Montreal, and subway stops near by as well.Breakfast was much more than we had expected - cereal, bagels, bread, fruit, croissants, muffins, etc. The breakfast room was very nice too, lots of room and it was never very busy either. The pool area was nice, and although it was never busy, the pool was quite small and with more people would be too busy. The view from the pool area was great, and in warmer weather would be beautiful to sit up there. We didn't use the gym area, but it didn't have too much to do their either. Overall, I would absoloutely reccommend a stay here! We would definitely stay here again when we visit Montreal again, and have already recommended it to friends. Definitely deserving of its #1 status on tripadvisor!!	
Feb 20 2007 	Great Stay!	We stayed at Le Square Phillips for 3 nights in mid-February. Our family of 4 (2adults and 2 teens) stayed in a studio suite. I was worried that it might get cramped, but it was very large and comfortable. The suite was immaculately clean, very quiet, and our tenth floor view was very nice.We took one trip to the pool on the roof and we enjoyed it because we had it to ourselves. If others had been there we might have felt cramped, as it is very small. There is a walk-out terrace with railing around the outside of the roof which affords a fabulous view of Montreal.We were impressed with the continental breakfast on the first day, but the bread and cereal were getting a bit tired by day 3. If we had stayed longer we may have chosen to make our own meal in the room.The valet parking was indeed $19/day, which is steep, but the valets retrieved our car in mere seconds every time we requested it. They were awesome! Also, the cars are parked inside the hotel, second floor, in a secured warm area - nice!The location of the hotel could not be more convenient. It is one block from the underground city (the weather was freezing so this was perfect!) and one block from Rue St. Catherine, with an abundance of shopping and restaurants. We definitely plan to return to Montreal and Le Square Phillips when it's warmer so we can take in all the sites and the open-air restaurants.	
Feb 14 2007 	Not so wonderful	I was really surprised to see so many people loving this hotel. The rooms have no view, the decor is very cold and basic looking with IKEA syle furniture. The only restaurant in the near by area is a Burger King. I have to say I was really disappointed. No pool and no restaurant. This would be a great hotel if it was compared to a 2 or 3 star hotel. Never again. Tuesday I checked into anther hotel that has a lot more 4star service!Belinda	
Feb 4 2007 	A little bit of heaven on earth....	I was a guest presenter at the American Association for Applied Linguistics conference last June, which was being held at the Hyatt Regency Montreal. After reading numerous negative reviews regarding the Hyatt, I started searching for an alternative. The first thing that jumped out at me was the number of glowing reviews for Le Square Phillips, which was conveniently located next to my conference. After seeing that it won a TripAdvisor award, I booked a deluxe studio. When I arrived at the hotel near sunset, the area looked a little questionable. Indeed, two streets over, there were homeless panhandlers, but if you stick to areas with lots of pedestrian traffic, it's fine. It's about a 25-minute walk down to the Vieux Port (Old Port), which is a fairly straight shot from the hotel. If you need directions or restaurant suggestions, just ask the superb staff; they'll be more than happy to help.Reception was friendly and helpful. If you don't speak French, it's not a problem; young Quebecois are fluently bilingual. When we opened the door to our room, I couldn't believe the sheer size of it. Most impressively (as my roommate is a serious clean freak), it was *spotless*. As in, no crumbs in the toaster, no crumbs in the silverware drawer, no water spots on the dishes! The room was quiet and very comfortable, and the full kitchen meant that we could save money by eating in-room, which we did in true Montreal style: fresh baguettes daily, French wine, French jams, brie and espresso courtesy of the grocery store located a few blocks away (about 20 minutes one way on foot). There is a small deli attached to the hotel, but it was always empty even at peak times, which made me hesitant to eat there. When I arrived at the Hyatt to register for my conference, it made me doubly glad that I'd chosen the Square Phillips. The Hyatt was outdated and under major construction, the rooms much more expensive, and very dark and cramped. The conference itself was very poorly managed by the Hyatt, but I was able to retreat to the Square Phillips for some much-needed rest and relaxation at the end of the day.I didn't take advantage of the pool or exercise facilities, but it was nice to have them available (the hotel also has a laundromat). The high-speed internet wasn't as much of a success; most of the time, I fought to get it to work, but it could have been my computer. The next time I visit Montreal for work or pleasure, the Square Phillips is the only hotel pour moi!	
Jan 31 2007 	Great despite lost luggage!!	After spending 6 months planning this trip, we finally got to stay in Le Square Philips, and it was fantastic!! I cannot agree enough with every review the place has had, the breakfast in the morning was lovely, i stuffed myself with all the bread i could! Our luggage was delayed at Heathrow for 8 days which put a dampner on the trip, unfortuantly I only got to see the inside of the Gap in the Eaton centre!! We did drive around the city a bit, and the valet parking was very handy!! So definitly, stay there, there was three of us which mad the room really good value, about $40 each a night, great!!	
Jan 18 2007 	Great Location 	This is a great value and great location Hotel in Montreal. My family (six adults) enjoyed a few nights there in mid Dec and all was very good. This is not a 5 star hotel with all of the 5 star trimmings but rooms are large, very well equipped and very clean. (We had two rooms). There is a great indoor pool and shopping for self catering is nearby, as is downtown (2 short blocks) and the metro. Staff are very helpful and friendly.	
Jan 15 2007 	Rooms were excellent and super super clean!!	I just got back this weekend from a two night stay here with 4 friends. This hotel was excellent. The room was impeccable and the services were quick. Like others said though, parking is $19 per night per car, and i had two cars ugh. Also they hit you up with all kinds of canada taxes. WARNING!! I booked thru Hotels.com for the rate of $132 CAD per nite and at checkout i look and the bill is $162 CAD per nite. Now the front desk was super nice about helping me out with this problem, in the end he finally said he could do the special weekend rate for me @ $138 CAD per night.	
Jan 14 2007	Perfect for travelling with small children!!	We travel to Montreal a few times a year with our young children. We've been searching for the perfect place: a good location, a room with a separate bedroom, and a pool. We finally found it! The decor is new, contemporary, and clean. The kitchen was huge and well-stocked with dishes, silverware, glasses, etc. The staff was extremely helpful and prompt. The pool on the top floor gave a great view of the city. And the location couldn't be better. We walked to Old Town to see an Imax, went ice skating, had lunch in China town, and shopped on St. Catherine. It was a perfect weekend. We were all happy and we have already made reservations to come back in April to stay there again.	
Jan 8 2007	Great hotel	Can't beat the pool on the roof! Be aware, though: taxes and parking will greatly increase your bill. Our 2 nights for $278 became $369 with these charges. Still worth it. And don't miss Le Grande Comptoir cafe just down a block. Great French food!	
Jan 6 2007 	New Years 2007 in Montreal	We stayed at the Square Phillips for New Years Eve 2007 after reading great reviews on TripAdvisor. The price was excellent, under $175 a night for a huge, clean suite with a full kitchen! The hotel is conviently located near Rue St. Catherine and the metro. It's walking distance from Old Montreal. The staff were very helpful. The rooms were equipped with free wired internet (you need a cable that you can get at the front desk). Simon, the concierge, recommended two great restaurants: Da Emma (Italian) and Chez Queux (French). There's a small gym (a few machines and weights) and a lap pool on the roof. All in all, a great value for the money.	
Jan 5 2007	Insulting and incompetent customer service	Without a doubt the most surreally disrespectful customer service I have ever experienced in a hotel.After I returned from my stay, I noticed an extra, unidentifiable charge on my credit card from the hotel. I called to inquire: I was told by the receptionist that it was a charge for the bathrobe &quot;I took&quot;. When I explained to her there was no bathrobe in the room to begin with, and that I did not, in fact, take one home, her answer was: &quot;We keep a tight inventory, so actually what you tell me is impossible.&quot; Direct quote. No other way to interpret that than calling me a liar. The next day the manager called me. I told him the story and that I was quite upset with the way the receptionist had spoken to me. Instead of apologizing or immediately offering to fix the problem, he too, echoed the &quot;we always check, so you must be wrong&quot; accusation, going as far as to say that they had &quot;proof&quot; from their housekeeper's records that in fact the bathrobe had been placed in the room, but that today he &quot;felt sorry&quot; for me, so he would give me credit. At this point I went ballistic, for here was a manager now telling me that he, too, believed his seemingly infallible records over a paying guest who has spent over $2000 at the hotel over the past year, and that somehow I deserved pity rather than an apology. He then called ME disrespectful. Imagine that.I would highly recommend visitors to Montreal to avoid the Square Phillips, unless you want to find yourself accused of something you didn’t do, and spending valuable time trying to receive fair treatment from a staff clearly unable to give it. Ruined my trip, for sure.	
Jan 4 2007 	It's as good as they say	I stayed there on two separate occasions in December. Overall, a terrific experience and great value for the money (having paid around $124 for a studio). Rooms are very comfortable and stylish for an all-suite type of hotel (they make the building's columns a feature). The ceilings are high. Kitchen is really well stocked. Thermostat control system works well. Breakfast is basic and a bit depressing (commercial breadloaves and muffins) but OK. Staff overall was very warm and helpful with one exception at main desk who bordered on sarcastic. Also, I ended up initially billed for a higher rate for the second stay (without having been informed at the time of reservation at front desk). This ended up being resolved in my favor, with apologies, once I had left. All in all, this place truly deserves its top rating.	
Jan 3 2007 	A large one-bedroom apartment at a hotel price	My friends and I stayed at the Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites for my bachelor party back in August. We chose the hotel based on the reviews on tripadvisor, its spacious rooms and its proximity to all. There were six of us and we got two deluxe junior suites that could have held another one or two in each room comfortably. The rooms were bigger than one bedroom apartments, with a large bathroom, furnished kitchen area, walk in closet space, and a very large bedroom. There was ample room for us to play poker while enjoying a bite to eat. And there was free internet access in the room, something most hotels like to charge $10 for each night.The hotel was perfectly located within 10-15 mins walking distance of the nice restaurants and lounges in the old town, and the bars and night scene along St. Catherines. The hotel is situated just off of St. Catherines where most of the shops begin.The staff was very courteous from the front desk to the valet. I would highly recommend this hotel for even families or groups of friends. In fact, we're planning on staying there again for when we go to Montreal again for my friends bachelor party later in the year.	
Jan 1 2007 	Great deal in downtown Montreal.	I was in Montreal moving, yet again, one of my children attending university there. To make it easier on ourselves we get a hotel room once done to have a shower, walk to dinner, get a good nights sleep and generally chill. This time we decided to try something right downtown. The hotel has a great location of off St. Catherines St. in the core of downtown Montreal. The room was very spacious and clean. The staff pleasant and courteous. It was a nice to place to retreat to after a hard day moving. It is good value for money. I would definitely recommend it to Montreal visitors, business or pleasure and will of course be using again next time it moving time.	
Jan 1 2007 	Great family trip for the christmas holiday	Awesome! We picked this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews, and everything we read was true. We spent 5 nights in a &quot;Family Suite&quot; room and had a wonderful time. Here are the highlights:&gt; The &quot;room&quot; was essentially a decent size apartment, with an entry area and closet, two spacious bedrooms, one bathroom, a full kitchen with a large refrigerator and dishwasher, a dining area with a large table, and a sitting area with TV and desk. &gt; Everything was immaculately clean. The cleaning staff was unobtrusive and professional.&gt; The stylish modern decor is a refreshing change from the &quot;standard&quot; hotel look. &gt; Perfect location with easy access to extensive shopping and restaurants, the Metro, Mont Royal, Old Montreal, McGill University, etc. &gt; Front Desk staff and Concierge were energetic and helpful in all respects. Their recommendations and services were excellent.&gt;Included continental breakfast was very good, and the dining area is nice. &gt; The attached Italian restaurant was tasty and friendly.This was a great find. Thanks Trip Advisor!	
Dec 30 2006 	It was the best!	Stayed at Le Square Phillips over Christmas vacation. We (2 adults and 2 teenage boys) booked a family suite and were absolutely blown away at the size and cleanliness of our room. Spacious accomodations, high ceilings, a full size kitchen, huge bathroom with lovely soaking tub. Very friendly and helpful staff - each time we stepped in the lobby, we were asked how everything was going and if we needed assistance. The rooftop pool, while a bit chilly on a snowy night, was tolerable and extremely clean. Great to go for a swim and look at the city lights. Location was great - very close to the McGill Metro stop and underground city. Underground parking was 17.50 per day extra but worth every penny. Our vehicle was brought curbside within minutes. Free continental breakfast each morning included fresh, delicious croissants, lemon or chocolate marble pound cake, a variety of cereals, fresh juices and fruits, coffee and toast. Really a first class stay at a very affordable price.	
Dec 20 2006 	Great hotel great city	Stayed here in December. Perfect location in Downtown Montreal, which is a truly wonderful city. All the previous reviews are perfectly accurate. The location is so convenient, staff were extremely helpful with any request or questions we had for them. As in the other review, the perfect Italian restaurant is right in the lobby, and the owners, cant recall their names, were a treasure to visit. My only gripe with the hotel was the lack of a wireless internet option for the room. The connection itself was perfect so only if you are as lazy for me and like to surf while lying on bed should that matter. I can easily recommend this great hotel	
Dec 12 2006 	Loved Le Square Phillips	great hotel, excellent location, excellent service, the rooms are huge and very clean, staff were very friendly and competent. Eat at the attached Italian Restaurant ask for Valerie who makes the best cannoli in the world!...or just ask for anythig she makes! underground mall is 2 short blocks away. Marc and Stephanie NJ	
Dec 7 2006 	A Great Escape!	My husband and I stayed at Le Square Phillips for three nights. We stayed in a Studio Suite and it was fabulous. The hotel is one block away from St. Catherine's Street, which is the shopping, dining and entertainment district. The location can't be beat!! The continental breakfast is a perfect way to start the day. They have bagels, toast, muffins, a variety of cereals, juices and fruit. The hotel is extremely quiet. We never heard anybody in the hallways, upstairs or downstairs. The soundproofing is great! The small restaurant located off the lobby has great Italian food.If you are lucky enough to take in a Montreal Canadiens game, like we were, it's only about six blocks away.We would definitely stay here again!!	
Dec 6 2006 	Lived up to the high ratings	My wife and I stayed at Le Square Phillips for 4 days near the end of November and enjoyed it very much. This was our first trip to Montreal and picked this hotel because of all the great reviews posted here. It lived up to the rave reviews, our room was great and the service was great. I have no complaints. The concierge was very helpful, recommending restaurants ,setting up dinner reservations, city tour and even getting hockey tickets. We would recommend staying here especially for the price, location and value.	
Dec 4 2006 	Exceeded Our Expectations	We were planning my 60th birthday trip to Montreal when I saw a mention of this hotel in a TripAdvisor email newletter. I checked it out every which way I could because it's price $122. U.S. seemed too good to be true. Also checked out what seemed to be comparable hotels -- none compared. I called the hotel directly and made our reservations for a studio with kitchenette. We took the scenic Amtrak train from Saratoga Springs and arrived after dark in the rain to Montreal's Gare Centrale. On the phone, the reservation clerk had said the train station was only four blocks away. We took an inexpensive cab ride during which the cab driver called Le Square Phillips &quot;a wonderful hotel.&quot; I thought, really, cab drivers know about this hotel? The entrance looked much more upscale than we imagined -- and this was just the beginning. Everything from the staff to the complimentary continental breakfast to the lap pool with exercise room were perfect. Our studio included a complete eat-in kitchen and so much square footage, we felt like we could live there. What's more, this dream living space was within walking distance of just about everything including Zia, a little Italian restaurant right off the lobby, and Le Grand Comptoir, our favorite French bistro ever. This is a great hotel from which to explore a great city. Magnigfique!	
Dec 4 2006	reviews did not lie	Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites is an excellet hotel and a great value in Montreal:* staff is very friendly and helpful* cab anywhere - they arrive at the hotel in a couple of minutes* best view I have seen from a hotel fitness center* Zia has the best Canolees anywhere* Bejing cafe in chinatown has the best eggrolls anywhere including NYC and China* Montreal is a shopper's paradise* easy tax refund at the airport* St. Patricks around the corner has a great Sunday mass* no crowds and friendly people * perfect blend of Europe and the US * we are definietly returning soon - less than an hour flight from Newark, NJ	
Dec 3 2006	ordinary not extraordinary	I've been to Montreal 8 or 9 times and this time I stayed @ Square phillips as a last minute reservation since all the other hotels I wanted were booked solid. (Who knew it was the Liberal convention?). I have previously stayed in a B&amp;B and dorm. This hotel was worse than any of them.I don't want to give this hotel a bad rating especially after all the great reviews, but maybe my expectations were too high. I couldn't give it a 5* rating even if I wanted to since it wasn't even close to a 5* hotel.I want to give this a 2* but I don't want my bad experience to reflect on the hotel-- I'll try to keep this non-biased.PROS:+great location; close to shopping!+friendly receptionist+huge room+clean+great breakfast; lots to choose from+good value for $$. But with the cons, I wouldn't pay to go back.CONS:- uncomfortable bed/pillows. Too hard and too flat.- busy concierges; we were always waiting... they weren't as helpful as they should've been/expected them to be.- horrible soundproofing. (this was my bad experience as we were awakened twice (once at midnight and from 3-4:30am from partying neighbours). We made a noise complaint but it didn't do anything. The doors slammed SOOO LOUD. I made sure in the morning I returned the favour by cranking up a French cartoon with high-pitched character voices, prank called the room, and checked out with the radio alarm buzzer on full blast.I can't imagine what it would be like in the summer with more partyers. I will definitely rethink hotels and aim for B&amp;B's next time. If you're ok with the possibility of noise, I think this will be a good choice, especially for families.	
Nov 29 2006 	don't forget to try the little Franch restaurant down the street	Previous reviewers mentioned the pizza or Italian restaurant near the Square Phillips hotel, but for our money the real gem was the little French restaurant Le Grand Comptoir just a few doors down. Voted &quot;Best inexpensive French restaurant&quot;, it's exactly what we needed: an old-fashioned, authentic and very affordable bistro just a few steps from our hotel. We ate there every day and were never disapointed. Daily specials from 8.95 to 13.95, lots of classic dishes like Cassoulet, everything very homey and delicious, good service. Atmosphere and decor are nothing special, but that's not what you go for. Try to get a seat up by the window so you can watch the goings-on in the Square.P.S. don't waste your money on a metro pass. There are hundreds of taxis plying the streets, and most sites are only about a $6. cab ride away. It's cheaper than taking the subway, and more convenient.We agree with everyone who has raved about the hotel. Their comments are right on target: spacious rooms, clean, very reasonable price for what you are getting, nice rooftop pool, decent breakfast, centralized location, good service. Not a single complaint. Not one!	
Nov 20 2006 	fab fab fab	Better than expected! Sometimes the pictures a hotel provides are nothing like what you end up getting, but at this hotel, the pictures don't serve it justice because of the spacious rooms (huge 14 foot ceilings!) The pool, rather than being stuffed in the basement is up high with windows, bright and an interesting view. Also a great little breakfast room with plenty of choice, inlcuding real montreal bagels. Front desk was very kind and friendly, and it's a great location, esspecially for a first trip to Montreal. Loved it!	
Nov 15 2006 	Many pluses a few relatively minor problems	This hotel is certainly good value for the price, but a few problems mean I'm unable to give it an &quot;Excellent&quot; rating. Even the basic rooms are spacious, and the appliances (microwave, oven and dishwasher) in my room were new and sparkling clean. The cleaners did a good job, and their service includes a place setting on the dining table. Pillows were very hard, and I was supplied with softer pillows upon request. My only complaints were waiting 20 minutes in line to check in, and being unable to cool the room below 24 C (75 F) the first 24 hours. You see, only the heat was working at this time of the year -- no A/C, which I would have used for 15 minutes to cool the room to 70 F. A nice advanced digital thermostat is of little use when all you can do is make the room hotter, or send in &quot;neutral&quot; air that only cools it down very, very gradually.	
Nov 8 2006 	Very pleased with the Square Phillips	We were very pleased with this suite hotel, which is very centrally located in downtown Montreal. The suites are spacious and comfortable with refrigerators and cooking facilities. The hotel does not have a restaurant or room service; however, there are many places within a short walking distance. We particularly liked &quot;Chez Eric&quot;, which is a short distance from the hotel at 1181 Union.	
Oct 21 2006 	Great location	Booked two nights here for myself, husband and our two adult children. The suite was huge with two double beds, kitchen area and excellent bathroom. All impeccably clean. The receptionist was very friendly and efficient &amp; the concierge also excellent. We didn't use the pool and gym (we just didn't find time!) but good to know they're there, likewise free internet access. Great location just off Rue St Catherine and within walking distance of shops and restaurants as well as Vieux Montreal. Good value for money as it cost $Can 202 for the four of us per night.	
Oct 17 2006 	Perfectly Located Super Clean Fab Concierges	Spent one night in Montreal as a mini-side trip en route to Ottawa. I was torn between Le Sq Ph and Hotel XIX. The goal was to find a highly-rated TripAdvisor hotel in a good location costing $200 max. We hit the jackpot!!! Le Sq Ph is all that and more.Prime location! It is one block from Catherine St and it's a fun, bustling few blocks away from Cresecent.Super Clean! The rooms are super clean...all areas of it. The kitchen area is fully equipped and well maintained. We ended up using the kitchen to make a great breakfast of leftovers from a fab (but very pricey) steak dinner at Queue de Cheval and the breakfast buffet, where there were no issues with our taking items to bring to our room.Fab Concierge! We interacted with 3 concierges and each of them were amazing. They each were genuinely nice and extremely helpful.Hotel XIX looks nice &amp; cozy online and is in Old Montreal, but I don't think the location of St Sq Ph can be beat. Old Montreal is lovely and quaint, but being closer to the heart of downtown is much nicer since it is close to all the shops, bars, etc. If you are looking for a more low-key, vibe, then Hotel XIX might be the better pick. Regardless, Downtown to Old Montreal is within walking distance. (We parked the car and didn't move it; it's a great walkable city.)Jardin Nelson is a great outdoor dining experience. There's live music in the back and there are huge heaters over each table since it is now chilly.Finally, a must-do is the bar/restaurant at the top of Place Villa Marie. OMG. Best view ever! If possible, go early evening and catch the sun setting--it is breathtaking.	
Oct 12 2006 	A nice Surprise!	My family just spent one night visiting Montreal and took your suggestion about this hotel. Everything lived up to what was promised!I've driven into Montreal a few times and this hotel was very easy to reach. The friendly staff parked our car and greeted us in a professional manner. The room was very clean, quiet, and spacious. The lighting in the room was excellent.Their is a very nice exercise pool and exercise room on the top floor with a wonderful view of the city.The hotel is in a nice location, one block away from St. Catherine St. and a 5 minute walk to McGill. There are numerous great restaurants within a nice 5 minute walk!We would definetly stay here again on our next rip to Montreal!	
Oct 9 2006 	Basic but upscale at the same time	This is the second time we've stayed here and it has once again lived up to our expectations. You will find clean, spacious, comfortable rooms in a superb location of the city at an excellent value. Each room has a small kitchen that is modern with excellent appointments. We will be staying here on all future trips to Montreal.	
Oct 7 2006 	Excellent Location and value	I booked this Hotel via internet website when I could not get hotel room at a conference venue(Marriot)This is a converted office building with age.The conversion is very well done resulting in large well laid out suites with all the amenities.Stove ,Fridge ,dishwasher and eating utensils.The location is superb and the value is excellent.	
Oct 7 2006 	Lived up to expectations.	Well, Its true what everyone up to now has said about this hotel on Trip Advisor. iIts fantastic value for money( we were a family of 3).Its bang in the middle off town ,almost oppersite the La Baie store( like an up- market Selfriges).The staff on reception were helpful a d so polite, and the concierge(s) likewise.In fact everywhere we went we found people to be friendly, polite and helpful and this thing about French being a problem was simply not one we encountered anywhere.Our room was massive and the kitchenette area was a suprising bonus. Breakfast was superb and no one objected on you carrying up a trayful of breakfast to eat in your room if you so wished. My husband and son (aged 12) took full advantage of the gym and indoor swimming pool and on one sunny afternoon I spent a warm ,lazy hour listening to the sounds of the city below from the comfort of a sun lounger on the decking / terracing on the top floor, adjacent to the indoor pool area..Most places within the city are accessable by foot from the hotel. On a rainy day the underground world of the sub terrainean shopping and food mall was a revelation.!Cheap and cheerful pizzaria 4 doors up from the hotel provided superb delivery of pizzas and cold beers direct to our room within 10 mins of ordereing one evening.! Fantastic service.Other places to recomend are &quot;Reuben's &quot;on St Catherine's and &quot;Baton Rouge&quot; also on St Catherine's(East) and adjacent to the Hyatt hotel, but beware portions are enomrmous at both!Top of the attractions list was the Olympic stadium and the Bio-dome( those penguins were brilliant fun ) , the view from Mont Royal and the walk back down into town, and a coach trip to Quebec. (The countryside between the two cities this time of year was fantastic and we had the added bonus of a coach driver who turned into an entertaining and knowledgeable tour guide for some of the trip.) All in all we found that everything was great value for money and would recommend both the hotel and the city as a great place for a week's holiday.We felt very safe everywhere including the Metro late on a Saturday evening, in fact sad to say more safe there than we do in our own city( Manchester) Montreal has lots to offer and does not fail to deliver, in fact it more than lived up to our expectations.	
Oct 4 2006 	Excellent!!	Excellent hotel, great location, clean, comfortable, nicely decorated. We were upgraded from 1 bedroom to 2 bedroom suite upon arrival. Be sure to eat at the Restaurant Julien (rear of restaurant is across the street from the hotel). It was awesome! Friendly and helpful staff.	
Oct 3 2006 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	We stayed for 3 nights in a suite with a king bed in a separate bedroom and a pull out sofa for our 2 boys (aged 9 &amp; 12). It's in a great location, right off St. Catherine St with easy access to the subway and shopping. The room was not brand new, but was well maintained and very clean. Having a kitchen with a full sized refrigerator was great - it gave us a workspace for the kids (they had homework to do while away for the weekend), and it also was good to have a place to store a bottle of wine and to keep leftover pizza or whatever!The pool is a small, but given the number of people using it (2 or 3 at a time) it was more than adequate.In the end, having a very spacious room really made the trip nicer - at the end of the day when everyone need to chill out for a little bit no one had to crawl over each other.I'd highly recommend this hotel for anyone staying more than one person to a room or is planning on an extended business trip.BTW, for families that need good fast eats in the evening, there is a great pizzeria right next door!	
Sep 27 2006	Too Right Trip Advisor!	We stayed at Le Square for three days, and loved it. All the plusses everyone else cites -- particularly the wonderfully helpful and considerate staff, who leave you alone until you need something, and then materialize with a solution, a la Jeeves. Our poodle, who stayed with us, also loved it. The only change we would make is to add a restaurant, but even without we plan to go back.	
Sep 17 2006 	Loved it! Tripadvisor was right on the mark!	(1) Huge room (possibly about 500 ft2) with tasteful decor and design The pictures online don't do it full justice.(2) Convenient, lively location - comfortable at any time of day or night.(3) Incredibly clean, well kept. (4) Fabulous front desk staff.(5) Lovely top floor deck and pool - and a spotless laundry room. Nice touch.Definitely not your average corporate cookie cutter hotel. I wish more hotels followed this one's lead.	
Sep 14 2006 	Great location; Helpful and friendly staff; Perfect for families	We stayed here with our three children, ranging in age from 5 months to 5 years. The rooms are very spacious, and the in-suite kitchen and dining table allowed us to eat some meals in the room when the kids were too tired to venture out for a late dinner.The concierge recommended some great restaurants for carry out, including the phenomenal pizza restaurant just down the sidewalk.The roof deck was beautiful, and the pool, although small, was always spotlessly clean and never crowded.Breakfast is mainly pastries and cereals, but there is a wide selection and things are always fresh.The location is close to everything. We walked to all the attractions we wanted to see, including the old city. We would definitely stay here again.As an aside, I called the hotel's regular number and got a high rate. When I called the 800 reservations number the next day, I saved $70 a night from the price quoted the day before.	
Sep 10 2006 	excellent hotel with a full kitchen in the room	The Le Square Phillips Hotel is quite unusual, in a good way. It is a solid four star hotel with a full kitchen in each room or suite. The kitchen includes a four burner stove and oven, refrigerator and freezer, microwave, toaster, dishwasher, and a full set of dishes and cooking utensils. There also is a kitchen table with four chairs. The beds are very comfortable. The rooms are very large with extraordinarily high ceilings (I would estimate 14 feet) which adds to the sense of space. It is a very quiet hotel, but centrally located and at the corner of a small square which helps prevent feeling boxed-in in the middle of downtown. There are plenty of restaurants, shops, attractions and metro stops within walking distance. The valet parking is very convenient. Service is excellent. The lobby is quite small, really just a hall from the doorway to the reception desk, and not very conducive to lingering. The hotel doesn't have a restaurant, just a large room on the second floor for the free continental breakfast. But there is a small restaurant next door that you can reach directly from the hotel lobby without going outside. Each room has free high speed internet access. For the price, it is hard to imagine a better choice in Montreal.	
Sep 7 2006	Made our vacation	Let me start by saying that we too loved the Square Philips and would not want to stay anywhere else in Montreal. Any minor negatives are clearly outwieghed by the major positives, so when I list where the hotel fell short below, do not take this as condemnation, just what to expect and what not to expect. The hotel is well located, close to shopping, quite close to the old quarter and within a block of the undergrond city. The rooms are amazingly large - our family of 3 could comfortably have lived in our 2 bedroom suite. In addition to 2 bedrooms there was a good sized living are, a large kitchenette (includes 4-6 person kitchen table, stove and fridge freezer), large bathroom. Room was clean, comfortable and quiet. Staff was helpfull. It was really more like an apartment than a hotel. Free wireless internet and a free &quot;business center&quot; with computers with internetAll this said the hotel earns its raves by being great value for money, but falls a little short on the &quot;fancy extras&quot; that a 5 star hotel often offers. For example, there was no safe or mini bar, the lobby restaurant was often closed, the breakfast buffet was so-so, and the pool kind of small with no shallow end. In short if you are hoping for the Ritz, (and are willing to pay through the nose) then this may not be for you for you, but if you want a spacious comfortable hotel with attentive staff, you cannot go wrong here.	
Sep 3 2006 	Look no further....Best Hotel in Montreal	Myself and family stayed at Le Square Philips while attending a conference in Montreal Aug 11-16, 2006. After a lot of searching online for cheap deals and reading reviews we decided to book on the great reccomendations of other Trip Advisor members. We made a great choice! This hotel is absolutely fabulous. The staff are helpful, couteous, friendly, and eager to make your stay wonderful. The rooms are BIG. Because of a mixup with our rooms with stayed in both a delux studio and family suite. The studio was plenty of room for three people. (Just be sure to request double beds). All the rooms are very spacious and have a full kitchen--- a really great amenity The hotel is centally located, a short walk to the St. Catherine Street, close to the Place de Arts, and about 15mins to Mc. Gill. Old Montreal is a bit farther (20 mins or so.) There are several Metro Stops within walking distance. It was only a 10 walk to the Palais des Congres. So If you're in town for a conference, this may be a better option than the overpriced convention centre hotels. There is also a great continental breakfast that's included in some reservations. We did have one small problem--a mix up with our reservation. When we booked through travelocity, we requested two double beds. But, when we arrive there were no rooms available with double beds---only one king. We spoke to the manager and the situation was handled very well. Not only were we not charged for the 15.00 extra person fee, but we were moved to a family suite for the rest of our stay at no additional cost. Despite a mixup with our reservation ( which was Travelocity's fault not the hotel) we would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 24 2006 	Yup - it's really that good...	If you scroll through the reviews here on TripAdvisor, you'll find that Le Square Phillips is almost universally loved by the membership. I have to chime in and say that I agree with the masses.I was traveling with my wife, father, mother-in-law, and 3 1/2 year old daughter. We ended up with two rooms...but let me tell you about the two bedroom suite we had:Got this for about C$185 with a AAA/CAA discount. It included one bedroom with a King bed, another with a Queen (or was it Double?), a huge living room, dining room and full kitchen. The ceilings were very high, so it appeared even larger, and there are large windows - the view was primarily of office buildings, but it was nice to have all that light.The included breakfast is nice - lots of bagels (Montreal style), breads, fruit, juice, coffee, etc. There is a breakfast room in the hotel, but you are welcome to pile up a tray and take it to your room - that's what we did!Location is right near rue Sainte-Catherine, one of the primary shopping streets of Montreal - on the opposite end of Square Phillips is The Bay/La Baie - one of Canada's largest department store chains. Walking to the west on Ste-Catherine are numerous shopping centers and restaurants. (We did take out from Reuben's deli and Mr. Ma's Chinese and brought it back to the room - GREAT choice for a tired toddler!) Metro is two blocks away, and cabs are easy to get.Walking to the east on Ste-Catherine, it gets a little bit shadier - nothing dangerous, in my opinion, but many more strip clubs, etc.I didn't get to use the swimming pool, but there is a nice lap pool, exercise room, and deck up on the top of the building. Nice place to relax after sightseeing.Don't miss Trattoria Zia next door (there's an entrance in the lobby of the hotel)! Great Italian food, and really nice hosts who let us try all kinds of goodies while we were waiting for our food.Finally, the high speed internet in the room (free!) made it easy to keep in touch with the office.Just a couple of small negatives:1. The lap pool was too deep for me to feel comfortable taking my daughter in...no steps or &quot;shallow end.&quot;2. Although internet access was free, they charged C$0.60 to make a &quot;toll-free&quot; call. Seems a bit petty to me.Overall, a great place for families, or for a business trip. (The other room we had was a C$165 studio with dining area and kitchen.) I would definitely consider staying there again when visiting Montreal - you should too!	
Aug 22 2006	The best hotel that I've ever been to!	My husband, sister and friend visited Montreal this past weekend and per the recommendation from this website, decided to stay at Square Phillips hotel. We are so glad that we did! We rented a suite for $200 a night which had one king size bed as well as a pull out day bed. Split between the four of us, the cost was only $50 a person per night, which you really can't beat! The hotel is right in the center of downtown, and extremely posh and clean. The rooms are very tastefully decorated - very modern and hip and again, VERY clean. The staff is extremely helpful and recommended great restaurants and bars for us to try out. We were also served a continental breakfast every morning which came free with the hotel price.I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough! It's the best value for the price and is far better than most fancier hotels that I've been to.	
Aug 21 2006	Very Good Hotel	My friends and I stayed at Le Square Phillips from Aug. 18-21, 2006. We chose it because of Trip Advisor. We got a one bedroom suite. The hotel is charming, with an elegant lobby and spacious rooms. The ceilings are high and the room was very clean and comfortable. Every morning we received a continental breakfast as part of our room rate. The concierge was very helpful and promptly arranged for my taxi to return to the airport. They, of course, speak fluent French and English. The only negative things I have to say about the hotel is that the coffee is not very good and the lighting in the rooms could be brighter. Since we were always outside, it didn't bother us, as we didn't need to use the room lights and we got very good coffee at other cafes in Montreal. I would stay here again.	
Aug 21 2006 	fabulous huge more than expected	The room was huge and so comfortable, the only &quot;complaint&quot; that we had was the water pressure in the shower was not very strong but that was greatly made up for. For $150 a night we got a full bathroom, kitchen with sitting area (with stove and oven, microwave and full fridge as well as a dishwashwer) a huge living space and a giant bed seperated from the rest of the room by a frosted glass partition. The room was awesome. The breakfast was really good, cereal, muffins fruit etc.The pool area was nice the view was awesome! deffinatly bring a camera and take some pictures.One concierge was a little uninformed about places in the area, (besides night clubs) but the others were very helpful. I highly recomend this hotel. Great location, parking is close (and expensive but that how it is in any city). Over all a very good experience	
Aug 15 2006 	Great place great location great staff	My wife, three young children (6, 4, and 2), and I stayed here for four nights in late July/early August. We had read the very positive reviews on tripadvisor, and they are all correct.We had a 1 bedroom suite, which was enormous. My wife and I stayed in the bedroom (with a bed big enough for all of us to do storytime at bedtime), our two older ones slept on the pull-out sofa (which was fairly comfortable), and our youngest slept in a Pack 'n' Play portable crib that the hotel provided for free.The room had a full kitchen, including dishwasher, large bath, roomy closets, high ceilings, and large windows. In short, five people of any age would not feel cramped here.The kids loved the swimming pool on the roof, of course. It is on the small side, but it's good for an end-of-day release. I felt sorry for the woman trying to do laps while my two older kids and some other kids splashed around. Outside of the pool, there is a terrace where people were sunning themselves. That same spot also provided a good vantage point for seeing the nighttime summer fireworks during our stay.Breakfast is included, and it is fairly good. They have muffins, bagels, croissants, cereal (four or five brands), coffee, tea, fruit juices. You can load up and take it back to your room, or you can eat in the dining area, which is clean, bright, and rather nice (except for the TV with CNN on in one room -- don't need to have war footage for the kiddies to watch first thing; there was another room without a TV). The staff in the breakfast room are very nice, too.The front desk staff were exceptionally good. Montreal in general was a very friendly place, but the hotel staff were the creme de la creme. Any question asked was greeted with good cheer, a desire to be helpful, and, best yet, great information. There is a major shopping street (Ste Catherine) steps away, a Metro stop a few minutes away, and a large grocery store (IGA) only a five-minute walk away.The hotel has a business center with two computers (and printers) that guests can use for free. It was a great way to check e-mail.All in all, I would recommend this hotel without any qualifications.	
Aug 14 2006 	One night stay	My wife, daughter and I stayed at Le Square Phillips for one night on Sunday, August 6. We had a king bed with a pull out couch. The room was huge, bigger than many ski condos we have stayed in. The kitchen was adequately equipped for simple cooking. The rooftop pool was perfect and the outside deck around it well above the city fray. The continenatl breakfast was good, with fresh food and lots of hot coffee. The hotel is very convenient to St. Catherine and valet parking was prompt. If you want to pay the money, we can't think of any reason a traveling family wouldn't stay here. If eating out isn't a main goal of your vacation, the money you save by shopping at the IGA a few blocks walk away and cooking in the large room willmore than make up for the cost of the hotel. All of us recommend Le Square Phillips	
Aug 13 2006 	Terrific Hotel	My teenage daughters and I stayed here from August 8 - 12, 2006, and we were very pleased. The location couldn't have been better -- it was within a block of the main shopping street (St. Catherine) and perhaps two blocks from the subway. The hotel is quiet and very nicely appointed. The staff was courteous, knowledgeable and helpful. The Continental breakfast was quite sufficient to start the day, and we had an excellent dinner in the first-floor Italian restaurant (Zia). We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 11 2006 	Wonderful Stay at the Square Phillips!!	Just returned from a 3 day stay at Le Square Phillips and i have to say that my wife and I were truly impressed. Me and my wife, both 30, chose the hotel after we read the reviews on this site. We booked directly on the hotel's website and got a great price with our AAA membership.Upon arriving at the hotel we were pleasantly greeted by the Concierge who immediately arranged to have the bags unloaded and car parked. Check in took less than 5 minutes and the front desk staff were VERY pleasant. Our luggage arrived no more than 15 seconds after we entered the room.We had a One Bedroom Suite on the sixth floor. Upon entering the room we were stunned by the size, cleanliness and furnishings. The suite was honestly larger than my first two apartments!!! The room was absolutley spotless, it is obvious that the staff work hard to keep the place very nice.-The kitchen was stocked with pots, pans, plates and every utensil you may need if you feel like cooking and there is a full size dishwashing machine, refridgerator and plenty of cabinet space. Not a speck of dirt.-The bathroom was large, spacious and clean. Plenty of towels, etc. Only complaint was that the water pressure wasn't very strong in the shower, otherwise perfect.-Living/dining room area was very nice and had comfortable seating and dining areas. Also a sofa bed. The TV stand allowed for the TV to be pulled out and swiveled for easy viewing in any part of the room.-The bedroom had a King size bed which was very firm and comfortable, LOTS of closet space. Also a desk and TV.The hotel is surprisingly quiet and in the rooms you almost never hear the outside world. The housecleaning staff are very detailed and even washed our dishes. The pool is small but very very nice and there is also a very comfortable sun deck which is also small but nice. The location is great as well. After checking with the concierge we were given a map and directions everywhere we wanted to go, the hotel is very central and about 3 minutes walk from the Metro station. The walk to Old Montreal should be reserved for generally active adults but was pleasant and not too far of a distance should you wish to do it. We saw many sights and didn't take the car out of the garage until we checked out!! Check out took about the same amount of time as check in and again the staff was VERY nice, after noticing some confusion on our faces about a portion of the bill the staff happily took the time to go over every single tax and charge on the bill. Just an FYI there are a LOT of taxes on the hotels.We will definitley book at Le Square Phillips when we return to Montreal!	
Aug 2 2006	Excellent but not perfect	Stayed for a week with the wife on a business trip. Agree that Le Phillips Square is an excellent hotel. Spacious rooms with high ceilings. Very clean. It was not perfect, of course. My wife and I found the king bed to be quite firm, more like a futon than a plush matress and box spring set. The first room we had was on a non-smoking floor, but the previous occupant had ignored the rules. They were very helpful to get us moved to a new room. The rooftop pool is modern and well maintained, but it is a lap pool and there is little extra room to just lounge in the water when three peope are swimming laps. Bur we would defineily go back!	
Jul 27 2006	I concur - this is a great hotel!	My husband and I vacationed in Montreal at this hotel July 16-20. As we all have read, it is true - the rooms are huge! Our Jr Suite had TWO closets - the normal sliding door type and a huge walk-in too. The hotel and rooms are spotless. The hotel staff is outstanding. I have all of these things to say even with the hotel being sold out during our stay. With that amount of people in the hotel, I was very impressed that they could live up to their outstanding Trip Advisor reputation. My highest compliments go to the staff. Housekeeping was great and worked with us to know when we would be out of the room. The front desk staff actually looked you in the eye when they spoke to you, stopped what they were doing and truly helped you (I've been to endless numbers of hotels and these traits are rare). The bellmen double as concierge and they did both jobs perfectly.This is not a negative to the hotel, but I don't agree with many that the location of the hotel is supurb. Yes, it is very convenient to the Metro on St Catherine, but the Metro itself isn't the answer to all your destinations. Granted, we were there with temps over 90 degrees and the Metro is not air conditioned in the stations nor on the trains, so we only used the Metro if it was very convenient for our destination.The walk to Old Montreal is short (15 mins), but it is very down-hill going, therefore, very uphill returning. The return is tough after 6 hours of walking around site-seeing and the high temps (and we are actually in shape). I'll leave a separate post later in the Forums on my general thoughts and tips on Montreal.My only negatives for the hotel is the room A/C and towels. The room is so large, they really could use another A/C unit. The one is great at night when the sun is down, but doesn't do much during the daylight hours (though Montreal overall isn't very interested in A/C).The hotel towels are standard hotel towels - the kind good for exfoliating (OUCH). They are thick enough, but few hotels have learned the fine art of soft towels.Enjoy your stay! This hotel is an excellent one!	
Jul 25 2006 	Terrific	We had a 1 bedroom suite for 2 children and 3 adults which was large and roomy. The location was great and was near downtown shopping, museums and the subway system. The room appeared to be newly decorated and was unbelievable quiet considering the location in the heart of the city.	
Jul 24 2006 	#1 in Montreal	Our stay was during the dates of Jul 13-16 2006. The stay for three nights was absolutely the best hotel experience I have had for years. There was my wife and I along with our 16 year old son.The hotel shows its youthful age and it is soundly constructed to last. The cleanliness of the property is impeccable. We occupied a double suite which had two double beds. The suite was well over 600 sq feet in size and a ceiling that was in excess of 16’. It was located on the third floor to the hotels back and sound proofing was exceptional. Our room overlooked a large parking lot and if I had not looked out the window I would not have known it existed.The pool and sun deck were located on the top floor. The pool is far from Olympic size however on a hot, humid Montreal day it provides a more then reasonable place to cool off. The sun deck is spacious and offers at least 16 chair loungers for guest use. My complaint on the pool deck is that it does not provide direct access to the outside as all doors were locked. You are required to walk around the pool, through the weight room and onto the deck. The hotel service and staff was exceptional. It appeared they were happy to be there and serve the client needs. The continental breakfast rivals anything you will have elsewhere…including home. Fresh fruit, toast, bagels, cereal, muffins and juice x 3 along with coffee/tea. The service at the breakfast was impeccable with at least three servers for your needs. The area to eat was good and well setup however you do have the return to your room option. Just remember you have a fully equipped kitchen in you suite for reheating as well as toasting bread. The closest grocery store we could find was in Place Desjardins and it will meet and exceed all your needs. Easiest walk to the store is on Rene Levesque Blvd – approx 5 city blocks.Location says it all…close to shops, metro and Rue Ste Catherine. Lots of good restaurants nearby which include Nickels and Reuben’s on Ste Catherine. Burger King is outside the hotel and down a block for the late night cravings. I hate to expound the virtues of this location as it could make it more difficult to reserve in the future. It was such a positive experience that you cannot help but want to share with others.Trip Advisor fromKentville,Nova Scotia	
Jul 23 2006	stay here	we were worried about driving in montreal but this hotel was so easy to find. the porter unloaded our car and parked it for us. when we checked in we were given an upgrade, the first one we have ever had. the room was enormous compared to all the other hotels we had stayed in. we had a lounge area, 2 bedrooms, bathroom and kitchen. it was smartly decorated, plain and simple,not over fussy. it did not feel like a hotel as there were never hoards of people roaming around, everyone knew what they were doing and it made it feel more comfortable and easy going. the hotel is situated right in downtown but not in an overbusy street were the crowds tend to gather. shopping, bars and restaurants are one way while the old town is the other, both within 5 minutes eay walk. a great hotel in a great location at a great price, we would always stay here if we ever came back to montreal	
Jul 18 2006	Great hotel in great locaton	This hotel lives up to its billing as the best of Montreal. We received a complimentary upgrade to a junior suite on the top floor and enjoyed a great room, with lots of space, 2 tvs, a separate sleeping area, a kitchen, and a large bathroom (though only one sink). The front desk clerks were bilingual and were EXTREMELY helpful and kind. The only complaint about the hotel would be the parking. There is private valet parking that you will pay a premium for (though it is secure inside the hotel). It may be cheaper to use the lot to the left of the front of the building as the hotel parking ran us $20 a day with taxes and tips to the valet. My wife was impressed when she accidentally left $30 in the car and found it there untouched the next day when the valet brought us the car. The breakfast is standard fare, nothing too remarkable, but you simply must get to the roof (which you can access from the stairs and one of the 3 elevators) where you will enjoy a great view from the terrace outside the pool area. We were even able to see fireworks over the old city during the jazz festival. Great time!	
Jul 18 2006	Spacious and gracious	I was in town for the International Reggae Festival and had the pleasure of staying at this hotel. The rooms are spacious, each equipped with a kitchen and full refrigerator.These amenities obviously come in quite handy for before and after parties. The staff were fantastic and the hotel is in a great location, a few steps off Ste. Catherine, and walking distance to Vieux-Port, Latin Quarter and downtown shopping. Also, there is a great french restaurant, Julien, directly across the street.	
Jul 17 2006	Great Room Great Service	My wife, six year old son, and I spent three nights at Le Square Phillips. Our one bedroom suite was spacious and spotless. The front desk and conceirge staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast (standard fare of fruits, cereals, breads) is served in a nice second floor dining room.We give the hotel high marks for sound proofing. Despite having small children for neighbors, we could not hear a sound between the rooms. The cleaning staff did a great job even cleaning the dishes in our kitchen sink (which we did not expect).The location was fantastic on a relatively quiet side street very close to multiple shopping malls and Metro stations. There are countless restaurant options close to the hotel.A heads-up on the rooftop pool for parents of young children. The pool has a uniform depth of roughly 1.5m. Our little guy was a little freaked out to not have a spot where he could touch bottom.	
Jul 10 2006	Good Hotel but Make sure you read the room descriptions carefully.	The hotel was good. The continental breakfast is lousy, a sure waste of time and money. Make sure when making your reservation you understand a 2 Bedroom Family Suite is only 1 inclosed bedroom and 1 room in an alcove out in the open. We thought we reserved a 2 Bedroom suite that had two seperate rooms. We were informed at check in that this was extra money and we did not reserve the correct room type. They nicely accomodated us with 2, 1 Bedroom rooms.	
Jul 8 2006	Still the best!	This hotel deserves to be No. 1. I just returned from a 4-day visit to Montreal and stayed at Le Square Phillips for the second time. Service was just as wonderful as the first time more than two years ago. The facilities and location are unbeatable--it's between two Metro stops and within walking distance to Old Montreal as well as Chinatown. Once you experience the size and cleanliness of the rooms and other facilities, you'll know why the hotel provides the best value. If you add to that the efficiency and friendliness of both the Concierge and Front Desk staff, then you certainly have a winner.	
Jul 7 2006	Perfect place to stay in Montreal	We stayed at Le Square Phillips during the Jazz Festival. I booked 3 rooms for 3 nights each. Our entire group loved the hotel - it had helpful and friendly service, clean and spacious accommodations, helpful and knowledgable concierge...I can go on! I ordered a rollaway bed for an additional $15CAD/ night in our one room suite. It worked out perfectly for our family of 4. Even with the rollaway in our room with two queen beds, we still had plenty of room.The continental breakfast (included in the price of the room) was fresh and included a nice variey of pastries, muffins, and croissants, as well as fruits, cereal, oatmeal and several juices. One morning I decided to bring the food into our room. That worked nicely.Before we arrived in Montreal, I had called several times about possible tours. The concierge was very helpful - going as far as doing a bit of &quot;research &quot; on possible tours and had even called me back. Waving down a taxi was never a problem in front of the hotel.Shopping is extremely convenient. The Baie, one of the flagship department stores, is within one short block of the hotel. The entrance to the underground city/shopping is about 2-3 short blocks away. Distance to Vieux Montreal is about 10-15 mins walking - luckily it's mostly downhill going to Vieux Montreal. We normally took a cab back to the hotel in the evening from Vieux Montreal; cost is about $7.50CAD.I asked the front desk for restaurant recommendations and they gave suggestions which turned out to be excellent. We were hungry when we arrived and wanted something quick to eat. Terrye at the front desk suggested the Italian pizzeria a few hundred feet from the hotel. Food was delicious - very similar to the pizza in Rome! Other wonderful places to eat in Vieux Montreal are: Homard Fou (specializes in lobster dishes) and Le Sauvagine (French). Service always seemed to be slow wherever we ate, but I think it's because we're always so used to eating quickly and being rushed. Every place we went had friendly and attentive service, but the pace was slower than what we are normally used to in California - I mean this is as a good thing, to actually be able to relax and savor a delicious meal in a lovely setting.One other unexpected surprise is the Italian restaurant, Zia, next to the entrance of the hotel. They had some of the most delicious homemade pasta. The chef even prepared dishes to accommodate our request - didn't have to be on the menu. After a full day in Quebec City, we didn't feel like going far for dinner. That's what prompted us to try the restaurant. We're so glad we did! We found out that they deliver to the rooms in the hotel.All in all our experience with Le Square Phillips (and Montreal)was excellent. Our entire family highly recommends this hotel for short of long stays (each suite has a completed kitchen!).	
Jul 2 2006	Great location; great place to stay!	My wife and I stayed at Le Square Phillips for 5 nights in June 2006 and loved it. It's very conveniently located between two subway stations and is within walking distance of numerous restaurants and the Old Town. The staff is very helpful and knowledgable, and the rooms are spacious and well appointed. The rooms have a complete kitchen, as well, so you can shop locally (like at the terrific markets at Jean Talon and Atwater) and save on eating out all the time. And, even though it's right downtown, traffic noise is all but nonexistent. At about $179 a night US (with taxes and the rate of exchange at that time), it's not particularly cheap, but it's well worth the price, which includes free high speed wireless internet and a free breakfast. We would recommend Le Square Phillips without hesitation to anyone who wants a quiet, classy, convenient place to stay in Montreal.	
Jul 2 2006	Highly Recommended with Spacious Rooms Great Location and Fantastic Service.	My husband and I, along with our one year old son stayed at Le Square Phillips for three nights in November 2005. The hotel staff was fantastic. The room was large, roomy and very clean. I arrived at the hotel at 9am after flying on an all night flight from Victoria. I had emailed ahead of time to let staff know when I would be arriving in Montreal. I was hoping to check in early as I knew I'd be exhausted and my husband would not be arriving until later in the day. When I arrived at the hotel the staff informed me that because my room wasn't ready they were upgrading us to a larger suite. It was incredible! What a gift.The free continental breakfast was delicious. Lots of choices such as fruit, cereal, toast, bagels, muffins, juice, milk, coffee etc... Just what we needed to start off our day without having to go out and buy a costly restaurant breakfast.The location was great. Right downtown. Lots of great shopping and only a quick walk to Old Montreal which we were really excited to explore. I would definitely stay at this hotel again and can't wait to go back to Montreal.	
Jun 29 2006	Two thumbs up!	We decided to reserve a room at Le Square Phillips hotel based on all of the great reviews we read on trip advisor and we were not dissapointed. Our hotel room was immaculate - spacious, clean and well equipped with dishes, cutlery etc. The location was also great - within walking distance to the metro as well as all of the action on St.Catherines. We would definately stay there again!	
Jun 12 2006	Worth every dollar	I had been recommended to stay at this hotel by a fellow trip advisor user. By far, everyone who has posted on this hotel has been correct. It was the perfect hotel. My family stayed in the two bedroom apartment for one week. It was HUGE! My daughter was in awe. We traveled with our two daughters (&lt;2 years) and the place was perfect for us. Le Square Phillips provided us with a crib and high chair. The kitchen was fully stocked with dishes, pots, pans, dishwashing soap (yes there is a dishwasher), and all the appliances you need. You can easily drive to the Atwater or Jean Talon markets for full experience of good fresh foods. The open floor plan allowed my daughter enough space to run around and spread out her toys without mom and dad stepping on them. Tons of storage space and you can't hear your neighbors at all. We did go for breakfast every morning ( you can eat there or take it to your room) and picked up a National Post on the way in. The parking is $17.50 but the convenience of not worrying about parking and the ease of calling and getting it immediately were worth it. We did get a discount since we were staying there 7 nights as well as using our AAA. The staff were so helpful in their suggestions and directions. The location is close to the metro and in walking distance of Old Montreal. We have stayed at different hotels and bed&amp; breakfasts but this surpassed them. We will definitely come back again and would highly recommend it to everyone.	
Jun 7 2006	Magnificent in Montreal	My decision to book a room at this hotel came after reading all the other raving reviews about it posted on this site. Well, I can surely say that my boyfriend and I were nothing but pleased with the entire experience. We tend to take a lot of weekend trips to getaway for a night or two. We have stayed at quite a lot of hotels and the Square Phillips Hotel met all of our expectations and needs, if not exceeded them. The staff is in fact very friendly and accommodating. They genuinely seem like they want to help and were always very pleasant. The rooms are beautiful with high ceilings, comfortable beds and great bath tubs! The cleanliness of the room was also impeccable! We like to sample different hotels whenever we travel, but if ever we spend a weekend in Montreal again, I will most definitely book at this hotel again without even searching for any &quot;better deals&quot;. The parking is also convenient since the staff will park the car for you in the underground garage and get it for you with only a few minutes notice.(Valet parking, I guess) It's worth the $17.50 charge. The location of the hotel is in easy walking distance of the Eaton's Centre, Simons, Les Ailes du Mode, (for shopaholics like me) Old Montreal and St. Catherine St. Restaurants and bars are also nearby or a short metro ride or cab ride away. There is so much to see and do in Montreal that a hotel cannot possibly be close to everything, but this place is in a great spot! I would definitely reccommend this hotel for a wonderful experience! Check out &quot;La Maison Du Jazz&quot; for a great supper and live jazz music, it's only a 5 minute walk away!	
Jun 2 2006	Excellent stay	I have stayed at this hotel before. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I had a two bedroom suite. It consisted of a full kitchen, dining area, living room, bathroom and two bedrooms. It was very clean and there was very little wear and tear. The only negative was a slightly musty smell that I noticed each time I entered the suite. There were two televisions - one in the master bedroom and one in the living room and, at the risk of sounding spoiled, a television in the second bedroom would have been nice. Breakfast was a nice continental breakfast - muffins,breads and bagels, cream cheese, butter, peanut butter, coffee, juices, cereals and fruit salad. We stayed for three nights and at our third breakfast, there was no cream cheese or fruit salad as there had been the day before. No big deal. The location is excellent. Centrally located, right off Catherine Street. The only parking is valet parking but we would call for our car five minutes before we left the room and it would be waiting for us downstairs by the time we got there.All in all an excellent stay.	
Jun 2 2006 	Fabulous location and hotel	We stayed at Le Square Philips from May 15 to May 21. The hotel is immaculate, staff is wonderful, and the location is great. The staff was particularly friendly and helpful, they gave us some of the best recommendations for meals - Julien's is one block away and worth a visit . I highly recommend staying here - just be advised that if you drive there is a 17.50/day charge for parking your car. Enjoy!	
May 31 2006	Wonderful - Just as described	My boyfriend and I stayed here over Memorial Day weekend. And we absolutely loved it. We stayed in one of the studios. It was immaculate, with huge ceilings and plenty of room to move about. The rooftop sundeck was was spectacular - awesome reclining chairs with an incredible view of the city. Hanging out up there was a perfect end to a long day of sightseeing. I can't say enough about the staff. They spoke both French and English, and were available to help at every turn. The breakfast was a little sparce. But you can't expect too much when it's free. And the location was awesome - right downtown, two blocks from both the green and orange metro lines, and within walking distance to Old Montreal. Highly recommend.	
May 29 2006	grand!	I decided to book Le Square Phillips based on its rank on Tripadvisor and also its reasonable price. Our family of 3 loved the room. Originally, I called to book a standard room. For the same price, they offered me a junior suite, much bigger. When we arrived, they upgraded us to a family suite! And it was gorgeous. Everything was tastefully decorated. Very clean and very spacious. We were there for one night arriving on a Sunday for a wedding that day. The staff were polite and friendly. Actually, I had also booked the place because the website showed a lovely, indoor pool on the rooftop. I was sorely disappointed when I arrived to find out that the pool would be closed to be repainted starting Monday. I think that this should have been disclosed on their website. My 6 year daughter was really looking forward to using the pool Monday morning. The accomodation also included a continental breakfast buffet which included coffee, juice, breads, cereals, and fruit. Nothing fancy. A nice touch was that the breads had the Montreal style bagels which I love. The parking is expensive at $17.50 + taxes but this is on par with other downtown hotels. The only problem is that there is no self-parking, only valet parking. So wherever you're going, leave at least 10 minutes for the valet to get your car. Or call the concierge ahead from your room to have your car available. I frankly prefer self-parking and would liked that option to avoid the waiting and the tipping everytime.	
May 28 2006	Great value for money	I am glad once again I trusted Tripadvisor, Le Square Phillips proved to be exactly what most previous reviewers already mentioned. Very clean, great location, nice beds, cute pool and gym and good service, I could not ask for more. Only the breakfast room reminds a little of a factory canteen and gets me to the one thing the place is missing: athmosphere.	
May 21 2006	NOT a mistake	Two couples celebrated birthdays together at Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites and chose the hotel because of its spectacular location and the numerous complimentary reviews posted here at Trip Advisor. We're luck enough to live in Vermont only 90 minutes from Montreal, and are very familiar with the city and many of the hotels there. When we arrived at our room, my jaw dropped...and I immediately called the front desk to inquire whether there had been a mistake...I thought we'd been assigned a room with a much higher rate, but the friendly folks there assured me that we were, indeed, in a standard room. Wow. The details listed in other reviews about Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites regarding extreme cleanliness, high quality, friendly service, and incredible location are NOT exagerations.	
May 20 2006	my new favorite!	I stayed at this hotel, and it was the best experience I've ever had.I booked this hotel because I needed something close to the train station, and I really wasn't expecting much. I was amazed how far $129.00 went! I got a 429 sqft studio with a king bed, and it had a full kitchen and a huge bathroom.The decor is amazing, and the hotel itself was spotless!The towels in my room were very thirsty and soft. The bedding was of amazing quality as well. I will admit that the bed was nothing compared to the ones at the Sheraton, but I still had a good night's sleep, and despite that I was still more satisfied here than the Sheraton, which was going for about $245.00 that night.I will note that I heard absolutely nothing coming from the hallway at night, unlike a reviewer saying that they could hear the elevators buzzing all over, I didn't hear anything, and I was right near the elevator. I think they only buzz when you push a floor button (I forget), but there's no ding or anything when they reach your floor. It spooked me the first time, and its just a little tacky, but it didn't really bother me.Breakfast was very nice.The pool and sundeck were nice touches.I'm never staying anywhere else when I'm in Montreal!	
May 16 2006	Bzzzzz	BZZZZZZZZZZZsound familliar? If you stayed in this hotel, it should, thats when you know your elevator has arrived. And boy you can hear it throughout the hotel. And what a hotel it was. My apartment in manhattan is 3 times as small and 3 times as much. These rooms you could live in comfortably. The bargain is excellent. The ceilings are so high you wouldnt think you are even in an apartment, let alone a hotel. The rooms were immaculate, one could almost hear the ting and see the sparkle. Some veiws though, were of the parking garage and skyscraper next door, but my view was of the olympic stadium in the distance. The staff was excellent, i find it hard to believe that last reviewer who complained about it, but then again, i wasnt there. My only complaint if any, is that they have more computers in the lounge (they only have 2) so bring your laptop. As well, it was a shame they closed the deck overlooking the city by the pool at 11 at night, it was a great hang out. The pool was a bit small, but adequate. The breakfast was far better thern what you would get at any continental joint, yet not exactly restaurant fare. As far as those location complainers, what large city will you not find strip clubs? If you complain about this hotel being a block away from a loud busy street, then dont take a city vacation. And besides, the hotel was close to serene itself, so why complain? You are in very close proximity to everything, the biodome, olympic park, st. denis street (highly reccomended), McGill, etc etc. If you dont like the breakfast then order in or just cook yourself in the kitchen (with a DISHWASHER!) they provide for you. What i would give to come home and have le square phillips come with me! I could honeslty live in this place. 4 and a half out of 5 stars, im tough to please, i only reserve 5 stars for only one experiance my life, but do far this one comes close.	
May 13 2006	Close to everything and yet quiet and pleasent	I have stayed in Montreal every summer for over a decade and by a fluke we found this relativly new hotel just a few years ago. We have stayed ever since. the rooms are spacious and comfortable. And although the room views are by no means exciting, the view from the rooftop pool as well as the breakfast buffet are fine. The location is great as you are close to everything in the center of the city and the metro is very easily accessible. The staff has always been attentive and helpful. There may be less expensive hotels in the city, but there are few as pleasent to stay at.	
May 11 2006	Extremely pleased!	Stayed for 4 nights, extremely pleased. This hotel met my picky requirements. Rooms are clean, spacious and attractive! Great downtown location.	
May 10 2006 	Why is it rated number 1 because it is the best!	My daughter and I just returned home from our stay in Montreal. We chose Le Square Philip Hotel based on recommendations on Tripadvisor. Thank you to all whom have stayed before and made such wonderful recommendations. It was fabulous! Nothing about the hotel disappointed us. The room was extremely large, with a full kitchen, eating area, a king sized bed. The bathroom was also quite spacious, with enough room for my daughters cosmetics, hair products, perfume, hair straightener, etc....with enough room for left for Mom. The room was quiet and exceptionally clean, the service was excellent, the staff polite and helpful. The location was also perfect for us, close to everything. I would definitely stay again!	
Apr 26 2006 	Excellent experience highly recommended	I stayed at Le Square Phillips April 22-25, 2006. I was attending a conference at the Palais du Congres; it was an easy walk (5-10 minutes). I stayed at a suite that cost less than regular rooms at the conference hotels. The suite was very spacious; it included a nice round table with four chairs (where you could have dinner), a fully featured kitchen with a regular sized stove and refrigerator (same size as I have in my house), microwave oven, coffeemaker, etc. The room also had a desk with an Ethernet plug for free high-speed Internet, two phones, a TV, and an alarm clock.The staff was very friendly and provided superior service. I had to receive and send two faxes and they were delivered and sent promptly. I had a small issue with not finding an iron or ironing board (apparently someone previously at my suite &quot;borrowed&quot; them), and within a half hour, they were opening up boxes in my room with a brand new iron and a brand new ironing board. The room was *very* clean and the maid service was very professional.I also found the room to be very quiet. I didn't really hear people in the rooms next to mine or above. I did see a few people in my floor when entering/leaving, so I know the hotel wasn't empty (the breakfast room was almost full everytime I went).You also get breakfast with your room. Nothing spectacular, but you get fruit, bagels, croissants, muffins, cereal, coffee and tea.Given my experience, I very highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 23 2006 	Close to LasikMD offices	This hotel was great! My family came with me when I was having LASIK surgery. The LASIKMD office was an easy 15 minute walk away. The location was also great for public transportation, shopping and restaurants.Our hotel room was large and included a complete kitchen. The bed was comfortable and even the pull out sofa was comfortable for the kids. The pool was small but perfect for my two kids to swim in for hours. The staff were friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay at this hotel if I were to go to Montreal again.	
Apr 17 2006	make this your first choice	We booked a three day stay at this hotel on the spur of the moment. My wife, two children and I had gone to Vermont skiing and the last day of snow was not that great. We decided to leave our hotel a few days early and go to Montreal. We hadn't visited Canada before. I have a hilton honours card and usually use this chain if I can. Luckily, before making a reservation,I was able to access the trip advisor website which gave poor reviews of the Hilton, but excellent reviews of the le Square Philips apartments. Everything that you have read in the reviews of this hotel is true. This really is THE place to stay if you're in Montreal. The suites are simply huge. This was a real bonus after 5 days in a fairly small and basic skiing hotel. The rooms are not only large but well appointed and you just have everything you need. We didn't use the pool or the washer but it was good to know they were there. Staff are very nice and helpful and instantly switch to English.We'll remember our short stay for a long time.	
Apr 15 2006	Excellent hotel	I loved this hotel. The staff were so helpful and did everything in there power to make our stay a special one. My kids really enjoyed it. The restaurant on the ground floor was excellent. If I was going to Montreal again I would stay here.	
Apr 15 2006	Magnifique!	We just returned from Spring Break and spent two nights here based on trip advisor reviews. We were not disappointed! We had a 2 bedroom suite for our family and it was fabulous! Plenty of space to spread out and very clean. The service personnel were great. Very helpful on siteseeing, restaurant reservations, valet, etc. Would make it my first choice in Montreal!	
Apr 9 2006	Excellent family hotel	Le Square Phillips Hotel is an absolutely perfect family spot! We stayed in one of the two bedroom suites with our three children. There was plenty of room, daily maid service, a full kitchen...I cannot imagine a better place to stay.All the staff were friendly and helpful. There is a daily breakfast served which was also very nice. The pool was a favorite for our children and the view from it was magnificent. I also had the chance to use their laundry room. It was extremely clean and almost a pleasure to wash clothes!!The price, location, cleanliness, and staff made Le Square Phillips the best place we have ever stayed!!Highly recommend!!!	
Apr 1 2006	What a gem not to mention a bargain!	I'm currently staying in this hotel, and it is just perfect!The entire hotel is just spic and span, and the service is simply excellent.And I would have to say that it is the best value you can find on weekends, as you can get a huge studio suite on the weekends for as little as $129.00.There is a little pool and an exercise room on the top floor, and both are kept up very well. I would definately have to say that this is my new favorite here in Montreal, and it cost me over $100.00 less than the Sheraton!I'll recommend this hotel to absolutely anyone, and its too bad that I have to leave to go back home tomorrow :(Liam Walshe	
Mar 19 2006	huge rooms	I disagree with those who like the location, unless you like being near to strip clubs. (Then again, in Montreal you are pretty much always near such clubs, no matter where you stay.) Other than the location, though, this place was great. The rooms are absolutely enormous, and the staff was superb -- friendly and delightfully helpful. I stayed there with 3 children who thought the room was excellent -- I agreed with them (for once).	
Mar 14 2006	Great Family Hotel	Stayed here with my family of 6 on the weekend. Great location and facilities. Highly recommend it for families.	
Feb 11 2006	C'est Magnifique!	Montreal and this hotel were the highlight of our vacation. My husband and I took our 6 and 11 year olds for a week. The room was positively cavernous. The kids could play and watch tv in the living room while we relaxed in the bedroom. We used the swimming pool which was rather small but fine for kids. The staff were tremendously helpful and friendly. Shopping, restaurants and attractions were within walking distance. Breakfast was great, lots of options that got us off to a great start everyday. If you are seeing Montreal with children, this hotel is perfect. Enough room for everyone to spread out.	
Feb 1 2006 	Great great great!	My family - 2 kids, 2 adults - stayed there in January in a two bedroom suite. We were so pleased with the experience. As my kids say - it was awesome! It was &quot;low season&quot; in Montreal and very cold so we spent a lot of time in the hotel. We stayed for 13 nights for my husband's business. The rooms were absolutely huge with beautiful tall ceilings. We bought food at the IGA nearby and cooked some of our own in the kitchen, enjoyed the breakfast they provided every morning, used the small rooftop pool - there was never anyone there - the workout facilities and the laundry. I was impressed with all aspects of the hotel. It was close to Eaton's center and the Bay shopping malls, and on the same block as three fabulous restaurants. I highly recommend it, and would not have to even think twice about staying there again - it was unbelievable.	
Jan 18 2006	Great Location	We have stayed at this hotel three times now and love it. The hotel is very clean and the rooms very spacious. We have stayed in a one bedroom and also the junior suite and for the money would recommend the junior suite. The staff are courteous and pleasant and the hotel is kept very clean. It is a great place to stay!	
Jan 18 2006	Wow!	This hotel was everything that the reviews said it was. Unbelievably clean, huge space, good service, &amp; at a good price. The kids loved the pool &amp; it was nice to have breakfast included. Every hotel should take some tips from this place - I wish they had a location in every major city.	
Jan 17 2006	EXCELLENT!	This hotel goes ABOVE and BEYOND my expectations! I came across it searching for hotels in Montreal and never heard of it. Apparently, it was walking distance to where my husband was going for an interview. I was hesitant about making reservations here but after reading the TON of reviews (not many people would go out of their way to write reviews unless it was real good or real bad) and having a pleasant conversation with reservations, i went ahead and booked it. NO REGRETS! I am a very very picky person most especially when it comes to service, cleanliness, and safety. The service was excellent from the very beginning to end! Everyone at the front desk, the bellboy/valet guy, cleaning crew were sooo friendly and helpful! We got a junior suite for my husband, our 15mon old son and myself. The room was HUGE, comfortable, clean and decorated nicely. The kitchen was a HUGE plus...great for those w/ kids, lots of windows, HUGE bathroom etc. I especially liked the hugh ceilings. Free breakfast is ALWAYS nice and a BIG convenience. Huge selection. So, to those of you looking for a place to stay in MOntreal, Le square Phillips is the ONE. THe BEST value for your money and i cannot stress enough how wonderful the service was. Hope they keep it up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 15 2006	Can't go wrong with kids	We stayed here for the New Year with our 2 kids and can thoroughly recommend this hotel for families. We booked the Square Phillips after checking the reviews on this website and we were not disappointed. It was our first time in Montreal so it was convenient that the hotel is so centrally located. The service we received was excellent, our room was huge and fully equipped, the choice for breakfast was very good too. It is a small hotel with a small lobby and a small pool, which was perfect for us, however may not suit everyone - I think if I came again to Montreal with just my partner we would choose a different hotel, but I know if we come with kids, we'd choose the Square Phillips anytime. Note - we did ask for a smoking room, but were given non smoking!	
Jan 12 2006	Bigger than my sister's apartment	Date: January 12, 2006Reviewer: Aileen, Cleveland, OhioIt was the biggest room I've ever stayed in (with tall ceilings and more square footage than my siser's co-op in Manhattan) - and for a GREAT price! Ask for the corner rooms, which are huge (we stayed in #711). It is very centrally located, walkable to Old Town and the Latin Quarter for those in comfortable shoes. Not far at all from Chinatown, even closer to lots of shopping. I love the modern, simple (but not austere) style. Generous continental breakfast. Full kitchen; deli downstairs in the storefront. No spa services or room service. Treadmill was out of order (but did enough walking in the city). Staff was very friendly and helpful.When I go back to Montreal (hopefully soon), I will go back again and again to Le Square Phillips.	
Dec 19 2005	Superb Central Hotel	Gran,Gramps, Mum and Grandchild stayed in Deluxe 2 bedroom suite (best choice for sleeping 4 comfortably). Spacious living area and main bedroom, 2nd bedroom possibly getting a little small for mum and rollaway bed for granchild. Great central location (so dont need car -valet parked). Really friendly and helpful staff. Small heated pool but nobody else there when we went. Small but useful and cheap cafe/shop attached to hotel.For good vegetarian meal choice try Le Commensal (very busy at lunchtime)at corner Rue St Catherine and McGill.	
Nov 23 2005	Le Square was superb	I booked this hotel on the basis of other reviews on this site and it did not disappoint. We only stayed one night but wished we could have stayed longer. Our room was massive (compared to the usual english hotels we have) and had a kitchen with full size cooker and fridge and a dining table. None of your usual mini fridge and 2 ring cooker. I only wished we had been here longer to make use of it.Location of hotel could not have been better (just behind The Bay and near the Eaton centre) and valet parking was a great treat, not having to worry about where to park your car.A great place to stay!	
Nov 22 2005	Nice apartment hotel - with a few warnings	Le Square Phillips is an apartment hotel. It is very clean and it is situated in the center of downtown Montreal. It is a very busy area during the day and you can easily walk to many of the stores and restaurants in the area. It is also not very far from the old city. During the night though, it is not the best area to be at, and some people may not feel comfortable walking there late at night.The room that we stayed in was clean, spacious and nicely decorated. The noise from the street was very reasonable, although I should mention that we stayed on the 9th floor.A few Warnings1 - The windows at this hotel do not open. In addition, they would not guarantee a non-smoking room when you make a reservation. Good Luck. 2 - If you do not like to hear screaming babies at night and kids playing in the hallways during the day, this may not be the place for you. This is the case with most apartment hotels though.3 - The people at the reception were generally not very nice and there were many times when the reception was left unattended.The concierge was very nice though.	
Nov 22 2005	Great Hotel	We stayed at Le Square Phillips Hotel in Oct. '05 after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. All of the positive comments were accurate. The room was huge and even had a kitchen. It had architectural features that were lovely with special lighting on dimmers. The staff couldn't have been nicer. A concierge desk is available round the clock and they helped us with money exchange, sightseeing advice and great restaurant suggestions/reservations. There was also free internet and a lovely expanded continental breakfast.	
Nov 21 2005	Spacious and great value for 2 couples	For C$299/night, the 2-bedroom suite is a great value if you have 2 couples traveling together. There is only 1 bathroom, but the rooms are new, nice and these suites are extremely large. The bedrooms are on opposite sides of the suite too so are private, but you will have to fight over who gets the bigger one with the TV. After a day on the town, we would buy dessert at the little store in the lobby, make coffee in the room and have dessert on the dining room table, while reflecting on the day. The location is central, but Montreal is a big city, so we ended up using the car more than we were hoping to (didn't walk to any attractions, just dinner). The underground shopping malls were close and convenient, but the quality of the nearby shops weren't as nice as I had hoped to make this a major selling point. The breakfast was strictly continental (breads, pastries and fruit) but adequate - its included in the cost of the room. Also, the free WiFi is a great amenity.Overall, this is a great option for 2 couples or families, but if I were going again as just a couple, may choose to go somewhere more serene and less in the hustle-bustle of the big city.	
Nov 15 2005	Perfect for families	Traveling with two young children can be difficult, and after too many horrible experiences of one-room hotels we vowed we would never do it again no matter what the cost. With this in mind, we searched for a two-room hotel suite for our recent 3-day trip to Montreal. This hotel offered all the facilities and services essential for parents traveling with young children. We stayed in a family one-bedroom suite that had a separate bedroom and a sleeping alcove. We put the kids in the bedroom and my partner and I slept in the alcove. With a full kitchen and sitting area and a big bathroom it was the most pleasant stay we've had together so far.The fact that breakfast is also included really helped ease the stress levels. You can either take the family down for the cold buffet breakfast (3 types of toast, 3 types of bagels, croissant, muffins, fruit, yogurt, tea, coffee, juice, cereal, spreads) or make up a tray and bring it back to your fully equipped kitchen and eat at your leisure.The staff were very friendly and helpful (especially for us non-French speaking Aussies) and the valet parking made everything so simple. The hotel was walking distance to a great shopping district and good family restaurant options.The room was spotlessly clean and serviced each day. The price was great for the suite - we'll never stay anywhere else in Montreal.	
Nov 13 2005	We Absolutely Loved This Hotel	We booked this hotel solely on what we had read in these reviews and although we were leery, we were not disappointed. Huge apartment style rooms including a walk in closet and kitchen, clean as a whistle, comfortable king size bed, friendly accomodating staff and located right smack dab in the middle of everything. Rue St. Catherine was a block away with all the shopping, restaurants, Metro, etc. We loved it and we will definitely stay here again when we return to Montreal. Breakfast was just ok...great for cereal and toast, etc. but it gets a bit boring after a couple of days. Good coffee! Go elsewhere for eggs and waffles. NannyJan	
Nov 9 2005	Awesome	Location, style, space and service. Situated near main entertainment, shopping area and inbetween two metro stops (different lines) this is a perfect hotel. The continental breakfast is awesome and can be taken back to your room to enjoy in your dining area (yes!). The bathroom was huge and with so much space in the room, we had a fab time. The cost was very reasonable for such an experience that included free internet access, a pool (a little small) and excellent balcony view from the top floor. Thank you.Please note that I stayed with friends so I do not know if such good value for a single traveller.	
Oct 24 2005	A great suprise	When I was looking for a hotel in Montreal I had a hard time with all the choices and high prices. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor I found Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites. I was unsure of the hotel, I could not find it in any books, magazines, or other web sites. It was not a mistake. My wife is not one to stay in a run down hotel. This hotel fit her standards. It was a bit tricky to find. I did valet park which was $16.00. There is a small shop in the lobby that has everything you need. The roof top pool has a great view. I booked the standard room from the internet, which had a full kitchen. Breakfast was put out in the moring on the second floor and had a decent assortment of foods. Its in the heart of the city where you can walk anywhere. This is a recommend hotel.	
Oct 18 2005	Great with kids - so roomie !	Why stay in an expansive regular hotel whan you can have an appartment for cheap ?Great to have 2 rooms and a big living rooms with the kids. No noise at all. High ceiling. Remarquably nice and efficient staff.Breakfast could be disappointing if you like the hot stuff - literaly : eggs, bacon, fried potatoes... They don't have it. But all the rest is so good and fresh that you forget that you miss it by the second day !Nice location, not far from Vieux Port.Really the best option with kids !NB: great sundeck on top of building for sun worshipers - but small swimming pool.	
Oct 16 2005	Absolutely perfect	We stayed at Le Square Phillips October 14-17th and we were very happy. The rooms are immense, with ceilings 11-12 feet high. Despite the hotel being completely booked, it was very quiet. Our rate included free breakfast for all three of us, and it was really very good.I can't say enough for the polite, friendly and effortlessly bilingual staff. Their service was spectacular. My spouse is very particular about cleanliness of hotel rooms. Our room was spotless. She now tells me that we'll never stay anywhere else when in Montreal.Apparently, the building was built in 1922 originally as a warehouse. Later, according to one of the staff, it was the &quot;Informatique&quot; building for the University of Quebec. The recent conversion to a hotel was done superbly.Valet parking is 16.50. Our van and many other vehicles were parked in the building in a clean, dry heated garage. The central location is excellent. The neighborhood is upscale and safe. It's within easy walking distance of two Metro stops- McGill and Square Victoria. The Montreal Underground is accessible from either stop, which we appreciated given the rainy weather while we were there.This place is just great. If you can get a room here, do not hesitate!	
Oct 15 2005	Exceeded My Expectations	We needed a comfortable hotel to stay for five days with my two sons (4 and 2). The two bedroom suite was more then adequate. I often stay at the Queen E when I come to Montreal on my own but not anymore. I have found a new favourite with Le Square Phillips.	
Oct 14 2005	Great stay at Le Square Phillips	I recently stayed at the Le Square Phillips Hotel for 3 nights. I read all the glowing reports from other travellers and was amazed that this place lived up to all of them. The staff was wonderful, making sure I got a room earlier than normal. They were friendly, courteous and always helpful with directions, reservations, etc. The rooms were impeccably clean and the amenities plentiful.It is in a great location, really close to everything including the Metro. The high ceilings were fantastic and the dramatic lighting highlighting the columns was certainly a unique touch. Prices were very reasonable also.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Montreal and would stay there again.	
Oct 13 2005	Great place to stay	At the risk of spoiling a good thing (e.g. making it become too popular), I can give highest praise to this hotel for people who like to have a large room with kitchen or even larger suite, very clean, very good location at a very reasonable price and a very helpful staff. The breakfast is quite sufficient in a large dining room (read some comment that it is small, but in fact it is quite large, so maybe they made it bigger). The deli type restaurant off the lobby is convenient for afternoon tea, and is open until about 9PM and also has some convenience grocery and drug store type items. We did not use the pool or small exercise room, but they were good, the pool is inside and looks out over nearby buildings. There is also an outside sun deck up there.We did walk to and from the historic area a couple of times, on the way back there is about a two block uphill climb, and the old town itself is fairly large area, so you should be able to do a fair amount of walking unless you use a taxi. One comment is that the beds in our room were very firm.	
Oct 11 2005	Great Place Great location!	For a very competitive rate, and a great location right off St. Cathrines, I can highly reccomend this place. We where given a giant king bed, full kitchen, large bathroom, etc.. all spotless, clean and modern. Very friendly staff.	
Oct 9 2005	Exceeded Expectaions!!	Le Square Philipps has a great location! My husband and I walked to museums, shopping and the old town too. We found it to be a very clean, tasteful and quiet hotel. A friendly and helpful staff were always ready with directions and dinner suggestions. And... e-mail was available and complimentary. We look forward to a future stay to continue our exploration of Montreal!!	
Oct 6 2005	Great Location wonderful units!	I just returned from a Fall Foliage trip with a good friend. Both of us brought our senior citizen Mothers. We stayed at one of the 2 bedroom deluxe suites. The unit was huge, with high ceilings and huge windows on the corner of the building. It was lovely and excellent for both generations. The only downside was 1 bathroom for the 2 bedroom unit. Great location right in the middle of the shopping area on St. Catherine street.Rates were quite reasonable too.	
Oct 1 2005	Least expensive Great hotel in Montreal!	Since I could hardly afford the other high ranked hotels in Montreal I tried Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites and I could hardly imagine a much better experience. Though they have valet parking (I hate valet parkinging...I like to have easy access to my car at all times)...the hotel is located right next to a huge outdoor parking lot where I was able to see my car everytime I walked out of the hotel (yes!) The rooms were large with a fully equipped kitchen. And the location was perfect for us...walking distance to great department stores...Old Montreal, China Town, Place De Arts, Museums...and it's tucked away on a lightly traveled side street. Even my Montreal-resident friend was unaware that this hotel existed. My only quibble...the foam rubber pillows are horrible. Next time I'll bring my own. And there will be a next time. Until I can afford $700 a night this will be my choice hotel in Montreal.	
Sep 29 2005	We will be back!!!	We have been vacationing in this wonderful city for many years and have stayed at many hotels. This hotel has been our best experience yet! Great location off Catherine Street in the heart of the city. Clean, quiet &amp; comfortable large room w/ kitchen. Continental breakfast served each day on the 2nd floor (try the delicious Montreal style bagels) with free newspaper. Great little fitness room w/ small pool. Handy deli-style shop on the lobby floor. We will be back!!!	
Sep 27 2005	Great Vacation	We live in Cancun Mexico, i had my vacations coming and my teenage daughter wanted to go to the Backstreet Boys concert, we where there 7 nights so before the concert we took some tours,visited museums,did some shopping and since i like to walk walked the city, we had a great time, the concert was Excellent so my daughter enjoyed every minute of it, my wife joined us a few days later so i visited Quebec for the day while they did more shopping, great time of the year to visit Montreal, and the Square Phillips Hotel, what can i say, i am an hotelier myself and they run this hotelvery well, great bell boy and front desk staff, very professional, well managed, clean, 24 hr. internet free ( my daughter loved it!) walking distance to movies, museums, shopping, restaurants,supper market, on sunday we went to mass walked a block and a half to a beautiful church.We enjoyed the pool, sun deck,gym and even did some laundry!Next visit to Montreal Square Phillips Hotel!!	
Sep 26 2005	Excellent Hotel	My husband and I just returned from a weekend stay at this hotel in Montreal. It was absolutely wonderful. The hotel was even better than we expected after reading about it on Trip Advisor. We went to Montreal to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. We arrived at the hotel at noon and were able to check in at that time. The staff was extremely helpful, the room was beautiful and huge. We stayed in the studio room. The deck on the roof was awesome and the pool was also very nice. This is an excellent hotel, in a great location. It is less than a block off St. Catherine Street which is a main road in Montreal. It is very close to several nice restaurants and is close to Old Montreal as well. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone from a couple looking for a romantic getaway to a family.	
Sep 26 2005	Brilliant Great Place!	This is retrospective as it was some time ago (May 2004) we stayed here but it was everything the reviews on here advised, so I think we owe it to comment because we probably wouldn't have stayed in (or even heard about) Saint Phillips if it wasn't for the reviews here.This was the hotel that made TripAdvisor essential for us.The location is brilliant.The rooms are hugely fantastic with fridge, microwave etc etc etc and are very attractively finished, really very smart.The friendliness of the staff stood out, great - although we found Canada to be like that generally.I can't quite recall the price but it was very competitive, a real bargain for what we got and that is why we would unreservedly recommend this hotel, it is simply fantastic. Enjoy!	
Sep 24 2005 	One Of The Best Hotels	I must say as a frequent traveler, this hotel is one of the best. The entire hotel from the lobby to the roof's pool, deck, workout area are far above expectations.I stayed in a 2BR suite and have rave reviews! The rooms are huge and always kept fresh and clean. I would recommend this property to anyone who is seeking a friendly and courteous environment.This staff is to be commended. They are by far the most helpful in any situation. They are professionals who anticipate their guests requests. Everyone willing to assist, no matter the situation. A team who actually go the &quot;extra&quot; mile. The Le Square Phillips is a friendly residence where I would return, without question.	
Sep 21 2005	Great place! The reviews are say it all.	No wonder this place is ranked so high, the place has great location, BIG comfortably rooms, and a friendly, outgoing staff.I traveled to Montreal with my parents and wife. I reserved two rooms: a junior suite and a studio. So, I can speak of both types of rooms.THE HOTEL: Le Square Phillips has a small but clean and efficient lobby. The “studio” room was huge and equipped with a full kitchen, a spacious bathroom, and a cavernous sleeping area. I joked with my wife that I could actually run across the room; it was that big.The “junior suite” that my parents stayed in was even bigger. The suite was also equipped with a full kitchen, a spacious bathroom, and a bedroom. The room also had a large common area with two armchairs, a sofa, and a desk with a chair. This was great as we gathered here for drinks and to plan the next day. The suite also had a large walk-in closet to keep baggage and coats.We were all amazed with size of both of the rooms. The rooms were newly decorated and were clean. (Cleanliness is important to us.) The rooms do have an industrial feel to their decorations and furnishings. It is not a quaint bed &amp; breakfast type place. (We still loved it.) Incidentally, the kitchens have four place settings.The breakfast is complimentary and satisfying. As others have noted, it has breads, muffins, croissants, cereal, juices, coffees, fruit salad, and chocolate milk. It made for a good start.THE LOCATION: Le Square Phillips is perfectly situated. It is approximately a 5-minute walk from the street of Ste Catherine, which has great shopping and an abundance of restaurants. It is approximately a 15-minute walk from “Old Montreal”, about 10 minutes to the Art Museum, and a good 30 minutes to the heart of Mont Royal Park.We felt safe in and near the hotel. Montreal is a quiet city.THE STAFF: The staff was quick to help with check-in, luggage, the car, the taxis, recommending restaurants, serving the rooms. We were very pleased!OVERALL: You simply can’t beat the price for the room, location, and service. This hotel gets my highest recommendation.	
Sep 13 2005	Fabulous Suite Hotel in Center of Everything!	Le Square Phillips is right off Phillips Square in the heart of downtown Montreal. The hotel is walking distance to virtually everything there is to see with the exception of the Olympic Stadium; Metro stations are a quick jaunt. We stayed in a one bedroom suite, our 3 nieces in the family suite. Both suites are HUGE- seperate kitchen/eating area, family room area with TV, and bedroom with TV. Full size fridge, microwave, small dishwasher, complimentary coffee; no minibar. Mattress on sofabed was wonderful!!! Breakfast was in a spacious room with the usual offerings: cold cereal, juice, fruit, croissants (scrumptous!), bagels, toast, etc. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Hotel clean, efficient maid service. Complimentary safe provided behind front desk. Would stay here again.	
Sep 12 2005	Amazing Suites	We have stayed at this resort twice this summer and found the suites extremely stylish, spacious and beautiful. You simply will not find a hotel room like this for the price. It is more like an apartment with a full kitchen, living room (in the junior suites) and huge bathroom. You actually want to spend time in your room here and it's in a very central location. For $180 cdn/night for a junior suite, it cannot be beaten - most other resorts in downtown montreal charge this for a run of the mill room with a bed. You will not be disappointed!	
Sep 11 2005	A great place to stay	We found Le Square Phillips on tripadvisor.com and were so grateful that we chose it. We decided to sign up on tripadvisor.com because it was so helpful. It was clearly the best deal for Montreal hotels and it did not disappoint.The hotel is central for all activities. St. Catherine Street, the main street, bounds one side of the Phillips Square. The underground city and metro system are less than a block away. The old city (Vieux-Montreal) is a 15-min walk, as is Mont-Royal (the mountain/park).The room -- the smallest the hotel offers -- was anything but small. We had a king-size bed, a full kitchen with four dining sets, large fridge &amp; freezer, ample closet space and a large bathroom. Everything was clean and nicely decorated. The hotel has a beautiful indoor pool and outside deck on the roof, and an exercise room that was smallish but not busy.Continental breakfast (included) was among the best of any hotel we've visited. There is a small deli/restaurant on the ground floor, but they close at 9pm (we did not try the restaurant). As for the staff, they were courteous and helpful in English &amp; French. There is a small business center downstairs, as well as free high-speed internet in the room if you bring a laptop.The service was not that of a luxury hotel, but it isn't necessary unless you really need to be indulged. We enjoyed discovering the city on our own, and this hotel more than met all of our needs.For dinner, the area doesn't have a lot to offer, but Crescent Street to the west and St. Denis/Prince Arthur to the east are full of options (15 min walk or 5 min metro ride in either direction).All in all, a terrific hotel and great value! We paid around $150/night + tax (CAN) in early September. If you are a not a resident of Canada, the government of Canada will refund the federal tax (GST) on your hotel bill which is 7%, if you fill out a one-page form known as Tax Refund for Visitors to Canada (this applies to any hotel as well as merchandise you buy).	
Sep 8 2005	Rave Reviews are True	The hotel is great. The rooms are huge with high ceilings and full facilities - refrigerator, microwave, toaster, dishwasher, stove, dining table. Free high speed internet connection. Staff was friendly and helpful. We had a 2 bedroom suite - king bed in one bedroom, double bed in 2nd bedroom and a pullout sofa - for a family of four. We paid $249/night during Labor Day week.	
Sep 8 2005	Great Hotel	Just had 4 days in Montreal at this hotel based on the reviews and it more than lived up to our expectations.We arrived by train and the hotel was a 5 dollar (with tip) drive away.We booked the hotel direct and got a good rate because we took the no cancellation option.Based on the reviews we booked a junior suite and were allocated room 911 on arrival.It is the biggest room you could imagine.The kitchen had a fridge freezer dishwasher microwave etc.and a table with seating and settings for 4.The walk in cupboard included iron and board and was great storage for cases etc.Large bathroom with bath and shower.The living area had 2 setees and there was a tv in this and the bedroom.Included was a buffet breakfast which could be busy at times but there was enough variety to please most folks and endless coffee.A short taxi ride to the pedestrianised Rue Prince Arthur east off Boul St Laurent will give you all the resteraunt choices you need and has plenty of atmosphere.We ate at several including the Muzerka which was good value.If we visit Montreal again we will book this hotel!	
Sep 6 2005	Stop looking	I just came back from Montreal and I chose to stay at Square Phillips hotel based on reviews found on TripAdvisor. I can say now all these positive comments were true. This is probably the best 4-star hotel in Montreal. I had a Studio, which is the smallest room at this hotel, but it was huge. The room was very clean. The service was great. The location was perfect (really in the center of downtown Montreal). The price was right. I have been in many hotels in Montreal, this was my best experience by far. Just stop looking and reserve at this hotel, you will not regret it.	
Sep 2 2005	The place to stay in Montreal	I would recommend this hotel to anyone - whether you are a tourist, business traveler, family traveling with children, solo, couple, student. The rooms are the most spacious I have seen (and even come with quite well-appointed kitchens), and the price is unbelievable for what you get. The hotel is very clean, the staff at the front desk helpful and friendly, the breakfast spread plentiful, and the location central to the metro, the train station, shopping and the old town. The pool and deck are nice, relaxing areas and afford views of the city. After my stay here in July 2005, I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Montreal.	
Sep 1 2005	what a gem!	We stayed overnight here with our three teenaged sons and cannot rave enough over this hotel. The two-bedroom suite was very generously sized and the beds were great. It was clean as could be and when we called down for an extra cot, it was delivered within minutes. The staff were very pleasant and the complimentary breakfast was an added perk, particularly for such an affordable price. The hotel was very well-located, particularly for the University and restaurant districts, and we will most definitely stay there again when in Montreal. This hotel deserves the reviews it is receiving!	
Aug 31 2005	Terrific hotel	We stayed at the Square Phillips August 17 through 21 with our two kids. We had a one bedroom suite that was HUGE. It is really a one bedroom apartment. Lovely bathroom, king sized bed in the bedroom. Ample closet space with shelves in both rooms. Seperate climate controls in each room. The staff was great. Very nice breakfasts. Within two blocks of two different subway lines. Our teenager appreciated the (24 hour) business center with free internet so she could check her email etc. There is a little cafe adjacent to the lobby with very good Italian food, snacks etc. The night my husband and I went out to dinner alone we took the kids downstairs to pick up dinner first. They offered to make cheese ravioli instead of meat even though it was not on the menu. And one of girls working there said she would bring it up to the room when it was ready. This place works like room service for hotel guests. Very convenient. We would stay here again anytime.	
Aug 22 2005	A great hotel choice	My husband and I spent one night here based on reviews I had read. This hotel lived up to all the rave reviews already posted here. The spacious room's high ceilings, cleanliness, continental breakfast, good value and amenities made it a terrific choice for a visit to Montreal. It is especially nice to have a kitchen area separate from the sleeping area. We highly recommend the Le Square Phillips Hotel and Suites.	
Aug 20 2005	Top-flight space and service	This hotel is everything previous reviews say. The high-ceilinged rooms are enormous, and so are the windows. If you get a 2 bedroom, you'll have a better view and more windows. The hotel was spotlessly clean during our 4-day visit, and the staff could not have been more accommodating, whether fetching the car, making dinner reservations or loaning umbrellas. The location, a half block off Rue St. Catherine, makes it easy to shop, eat or just people watch. If you like to walk, many attractions are within easy reach. Combining all that helps make a visit to this vibrant city seem like a return to a familiar place. I can't imagine a better big-city hotel experience for the price. (Or maybe any price.)	
Aug 18 2005	Great value	I go to Montreal quite often, but made this trip with my wife, 2 children and 77 year old mother-in-law who has always wanted to see Montreal. Stayed in a HUGE suite, for a price comparable to room at some other establishments. This is a wonderful hotel. Spotless rooms, incredibly high ceilings, and a very nice daily breakfast. Good computer access and a nice pool too.	
Aug 13 2005	good for families	I booked a Junior Suite for one night (Aug 10) with my two teenagers. The bill was $171 CDN + tax (&quot;super special&quot; on Travelocity) The room was huge and had a high ceiling (12+ feet). Everything was new and clean. Bathroom had smooth granite look counter. Kitchen had nice IKEA style cabinets, dinnerware, tea/coffee, fridge, stove, microwave and dishwasher(!). Living room had dining table with 4 chairs, armchair, desk, TV and pull out couch (I slept well on it). Bedroom had a queen size bed and another TV. We got a rollaway bed for my son. (There was easily enough room for 3 rollaway beds.) Window overlooked big parking lot behind hotel, so you may want to ask for a room with a better view. The free continental breakfast was good.Location is excellent... easy twenty minute walk south to Old Montreal. For shopping, go west from the hotel on St Catherine. My daughter (15) had most shopping success at Simons (at Mansfield?). We liked Le Commensal vegetarian buffet (at McGill College). For those who are addicted, there is a Tim Hortons one block south of the hotel. If you are hardy, you can also walk east on St Catherine to St Denis... it is 14 short blocks, but there were street youth and vocal pan handlers, so the subway might be a better choice.	
Aug 12 2005	Wonderful Montreal Hotel	Stayed here for two nights in August with two boys 16 and 14. We had a junior suite on the 8th floor. The room was enormous, much larger than my last NYC apartment (which we all had a good laugh about). The room was very clean, bright and comfortable. Full kitchen including microwave, range and dishwasher. Living and bedroom areas both had individual thermostat controls.Breakfast was great and they let us all go down and bring whatever we wanted back up to the room.The boys really loved the hotel and the city.Although the location is not inconvenient - Metro is about 4 block walk, Old Montreal and the river are about a 15 minute walk - we did find ourselves doing quite a bit of walking.The concierge was very helpful and always pleasant. We parked in the hotel garage which was convenient and reasonably priced.	
Aug 8 2005	This place is great!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Le Square Phillips Hotel for 3 nights and had a wonderful time. We arrived early on a Sunday and they let us check in at 1:30, first good thing. The room was very nice, high ceilings and quite large, plenty of space. Nice kitchen area. It was very clean all the time we were there. There is a pool on the top floor which is very nice and you can sit up there and see the city. The breakfast was good, all kinds of food such as cereal, breads, muffins and bagels. Coffee and juices too. It kept us going for most of the day. And the most important thing was the staff, they were so nice and pleasant and willing to help no matter what you needed. Excellent!! We did need to ask them all kinds of things as we were not familiar where everything was in Montreal, they even gave directions on the map for us. Parking was very easy too, car went into the garage most of the time while we were there, when we did need it, it was ready in less than 5 minutes. Most everything is near enough to walk to and if you need to go other places the Metro is great, it goes everywhere. All in all we had a great time here and will come back again for sure.	
Aug 7 2005	Best Hotel of Montreal	This may possibly be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. The hotel is in a great location, right across the street from a historic square and next to Ste. Catherine's street, a shoppers paradise. It is also only a short 10 minute walk to the Old City. The hotel is pretty big at to floors. Our room was the 2 bedroom suite and it was enormous. I live in NYC and I can tell you this room would sell for more then a million. The two bedrooms were huge, there were two TV's, plenty of closets, the windows stretched right up to the ceiling offering spectacular views, there was a complete kitchen that even had a dishwasher and the was a large table pre-set for two. The other rooms in the hotel are equally as great. Our friends had a room with two beds. You would be suprised at how great it was. It too had a fully equiped kitchen and it was much larger then the typical hotel room with two beds.The entire staff was great. They would tell us restruant recomendations and how far it would take to walk to attractions. They would call a taxi for us and it would arrive in a minute. The housekeeping staff was just as good. They were unbelievably neat. They would even do the dishes and put everything back into its original place. The amenities of the hotel include the pool, which is on the top floor offering great views of the skyline. Next to it is the exercising room, which was fully equiped and even had a TV. Then, outside of the pool area was a long balcony with lounge chairs. It was the perfect place to relax after a long day with a great view. On the first floor of the hotel next to the lobby is a cafe/deli. They had plenty of snacks, drinks and other foods you could take up to your room. Then even had dinner specials. This hotel will make your trip to Montreal as memorable as mine was. Tripadvisor showed me how great this hotel was and they could'nt have been more right.	
Aug 2 2005	Mom and teenager loved this hotel	We selected this hotel for a one week stay starting 7/16/2005 based on location and the comments posted on TripAdvisor. All the glowing comments that we read are absolutely true.Perfect location, it is within a couple of blocks of the La Reine Elizabeth/central train station. Metro stop for one of the main subway lines is just a block or so away -- that's McGill. The Victoria Square metro stop is about two blocks away, downhill, and on a separate line. That covers wherever you want to go that's near a metro stop, including the botanical garden, olympic stadium, La Ronde amusement park, St. Denis area, etc.Place Jacques Cartier and Vieux Port aren't really near metro stations, but are walkable from hotel. We usually did cabs for these locations, about $7 to $8 CAD including tip, a bargain.Yes, the rooms are huge and very nice. Service is nice. Continental breakfast has no hot food, but good bagels, croissants, fruit salad, good coffee with real creamer, different juices, etc. Downtown, this is worth around $6 to $8 per person every day, so we were NOT complaining. Adjoining the hotel is a nice deli/convenience store with hot italian food (good), sandwiches to order (good), minor groceries and sundries of the type useful if you are in an apartment hotel like this (milk, butter, cold cuts, soft drinks, individual beers and wines, laundry supplies, etc.) Right next to the hotel, on the square, are several restaurants with terrace seating. A good moderately priced french restaurant, a mid level italian restaurant that also has pizza, an interesting noodle restaurant that we just didn't make it to, and a Second Cup (Montreal's Starbucks) just steps away, and sit outside if the weather's nice.Immediately across the street from the hotel is a bank with ATM located in an indoor vestibule. Right around the corner on St. Catherine, a two minute walk, you find a full-sized pharmacy that carries everything the little deli/convenience store doesn't have. Next to that is a Future store, which offers one hour photo processing from film, memory cards, whatever you've got. They also sell any type of battery or phone recharger that you may have forgot. Just past the Future store is a movie theatre.All along St. Catherine in either direction is just about any sort of retail shopping that you may be interested in. I noticed the hoochy-coochy places that a reviewer mentioned -- they are just typical downtown business man types of things, nothing overt and certainly not any kind of red light district from any stretch of the imagination! One half block away on St. Catherine is The Baie (Hudson Bay Company upscale dept. store). This is also a gateway to the McGill metro station, a shopping mall, and the underground city. At rack rate, but with week's stay discount, we loved this hotel and thought it to be a bargain at $161 CAD per night.We stayed one night at the La Reine Elizabeth for proximity to train station. It was beautiful and quite fancy, but at $199 CAD no breakfast, I'd choose Square Phillips again with absolutely no hesitation.In summary, this is a well-located, squeaky clean, well-priced hotel that has every travel amenity imaginable within one block. It is not touristy, nor is the neighborhood. We loved it.	
Jul 30 2005	Just as described	It is so refreshing to find something...anything that you purchase ...to be as good or in this case...better than advertised. I would agree with the prior postings, Le Hotel Square Phillips was an excellent choice for my family of 6 (4 children under 12) exploring beautiful Montreal. I would recommend it without reservation.	
Jul 25 2005	LOVED this great small hotel--a GEM--and a huge value!	We booked Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites for a 5-day visit to Montreal. We needed a suite with a separate bedroom (with door) for us and comfortable sleeping accommodations (no air mattresses on the floor) for three 16-year-old girls. We had a moderate budget and despaired of finding anything in our price range in a large city such as Montreal. By a stroke of luck we found Trip Advisor (and we will never again plan a trip without it!) and through the reviews of Montreal hotels we found Le Square Phillips Hotel and Suites. The reviews raved about the rooms, location, value for the price, free breakfast, cleanliness, staff friendliness, service, etc. Upon the advice, and after calling the hotel to speak directly with a representative (we had a lot of questions and he was completely helpful, courteous, and patient—as were ALL the desk clerks during our stay), we booked for July 19 through 24, 2005.We reserved what they call a family suite—two sleeping areas (one a separate room with a door—very comfortable king bed, TV, huge closet and the other a double bed in a semi-private area of the main room---open to the main room on one side and walled on two sides with a frosted glass and wood panel for the third wall. There was also a sleeper sofa in the living room.) The suite was huge—the size of an apartment—with contemporary furnishings, large windows, high ceilings, some lovely architectural columns with lighting to enhance them, and a soothing color scheme. Beside the sleeping areas and living room there was a full kitchen with 6-seater table. The kitchen is beautifully clean and equipped with everything you would need to cook and serve if you wished to do so (we didn’t). Also has a full coffee/tea service with a thermal carafe coffee pot and fast heating electric teakettle. (The creamer is the powdered kind, but if you plan ahead, bring up some individual creams or a container of milk from breakfast and keep it in the fridge.). The bathroom is also enormous and seems to be fully set up for handicapped access. We had originally asked for a two-bedroom suite, but the reservation agent we called (the one mentioned above) suggested this as a more affordable alternative—and it was perfect for us and fit better into our budget. The family suite was $242 Canadian per night (with our AAA discount) which netted down to about $212 USD. A stretch for our budget, but a great price for what we needed—and we discovered it was an enormous bargain for what we received!The housekeeping was perfect with only a small glitch in the beginning (only four towels for five people, and the coffee we used was not replaced the first day) but after we left a note, every other day was perfect. They even accommodated us on a very late room cleaning when my husband had an emergency at work that kept him on the computer and in the room most of the day. At his request, the housekeeping staff cleaned around him—and they respected his need to work, whispering, and working very quietly. Ask for a view of the park—there is a pretty square with trees and lights and jewelry artisans selling their wares. Be sure to check out the rooftop pool—small but pretty and immaculate (also heated and glass enclosed) and the terrace—comfortable lounge chairs and a view of the square, a large gothic church, and some beautifully lit city buildings—very pretty and peaceful at night. (There is also a small but well-equipped fitness center near the pool area.)There is a bountiful free breakfast with an enormous selection of breads, muffins, croissants, cereals, fruits, and beverages in a very spacious and comfortable area on the 2nd floor. However, if you are counting carbs, you’ll need to pack your own protein sources!We drove to Montreal and when we arrived at the hotel we had the hotel park the car in their indoor garage—and retrieved it only to drive home (parking is $16.50 a day—Canadian Dollars—you might find cheaper parking, but we didn’t think it was worth the hassle). We purchased weekly Metro cards for $18 each, and so had unlimited access to the Metro and busses during our stay. There is a metro stop only a few blocks away (McGill) and you can take that three stops east to a major transfer point—Berri-UQAM, to purchase the weekly tickets. The agent at the McGill stop allowed my husband to travel through at no charge since he did not sell the weeklies at McGill. The Metro is VERY easy to use and navigate—clean and fast. The most we had to walk from a Metro stop to get to a destination point was perhaps 5 or 6 blocks. If you like to walk, much of what you will want to see is within walking distance, including Old Port (a 15 – 20 minute walk southeast). My teens were tired after our Old Port day, so we took the Metro back. My husband walked back, and he made it to the hotel before we did.The hotel is located in a major shopping area near McGill University. St Catherine Street is just north of the hotel and if you head west you’ll find a lot of shops and restaurants, including entrances to at least two sections of the underground shopping malls (huge!) —Eaton Place is the biggest and is about four blocks west of the hotel on the north side of the street. Heading east on St. Catherine’s is not as good---gets a bit seedy.There is an abundance of reasonably priced food in the area—from the burger chains, to great ethnic food (super Lebanese place next to the hotel and one in the food court of the underground shopping nearby). The hotel has a small eat in type of deli (but with tablecloths!) The food is reasonable, delicious, and huge portions. If you like great vegetarian food, there is a terrific buffet restaurant Le Commensal, on St. Catherine’s Street—turn west onto St. Catherine’s’ and walk about 4 blocks. The restaurant is on the second floor (southwest corner). If you ask the concierge (they are also great--especially Alex!) he can give you the exact street. Le Commensal also has a location on Rue St. Denis in the Latin Quarter (take the Metro to Beri-UQAM and walk north a few blocks on St. Denis.) As we were with three teens we didn’t do any night-life, but we passed many cafes and clubs playing great music into the night—especially in the Latin Quarter on Rue St. Dennis and on Crescent Street (about 10 blocks west of the hotel between St. Catharine St. and Ave. Masonneuve). We took the girls to a late dinner at the Hard Rock Café (their choice not ours!) on Crescent (10 pm on a Friday night—late for us but average dinner time for Montreal) and when we came out they got a real taste of a bustling Friday night club crowd—wild! But safe—the streets are packed with people and lit like day with club after club and café open to the air and spilling with revelers. A blast to just watch…Other things to do—the week we were there Montreal hosted three festivals—the Comedy Festival (you MUST see the street performances—especially the main events—amazing), the international fireworks competition (Wed and Sat nights at La Ronde amusement park—these fireworks were beyond description—the best we’ve ever seen—beyond worldclass. Pay a bit extra with your La Ronde admission for reserved seating—there is as much to watch at eye level with these as there is in the air.), and the world swimming/diving competitions. We missed those for lack of time, but saw two nights of the comedy festival and saw the fireworks (twice also—Wed at La Ronde and Sat from the city—also beautiful—just not the same as seeing them close up).We also took a Gray Line sightseeing tour so we could take in as much of the city as possible—we did the six hour tour with four stops—with three teens tired from a late night a La Ronde the day before it was too long for their tolerance. However there is a three-hour tour and that would probably have been a wiser choice. Our driver was Henri and he spoke non-stop in French and English for most of that time...his information was fascinating. We took a boat tour for an hour around the harbor, hoping for the same type of guide, but were very disappointed. The scenery was great and the harbor interesting but the guide spoke little and it became just a scenic cruise. I don’t know if all the tours are like that or if we were just unlucky. The boat company was Le Bauteau-Mouche. Some other things…To save some $$, look for “Passport” books at the information counters in the underground malls. There are lost of coupons in there. However we found that the La Ronde coupons were not honored on Fireworks days and that the coupons for the boat tour were not accepted since the hotel had made reservations for us. We were told that they would take them, but that we’d have to ask the hotel for a refund on the reservations—seemed a bit weird, so we just passed on the coupons.Like other cities, there seem to be homeless people everywhere in Montreal, and the hotel’s area of the park and St. Catherine’s St. is no exception. People do beg and seem to be a bit more aggressive about it than they are in New York City, but there are so many people around that you don’t feel unsafe. It is a bit unsettling at first, but you do get used to it. Exchanging USD to Canadian is easy as there is a bank across the street from the hotel—they gave the best exchange rate. ($2 transaction fee). We reversed the process to exchange CD to USD the day we went home, but since it was a Sunday we had to use an exchange store. The rate is not as good, but not bad. There are exchange (Change) stores all over the city.Crossing the border on the Canadian side was easy and fast (on a Tuesday afternoon about 2 pm). Getting back into the USA on Sunday at noon was rough---a nearly two-hour wait at the border. It was a great trip—in great part because of a great hotel. We’re planning to return in a year or two for the Jazz festival and will be sure to book the Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites for that trip and any others to come.	
Jul 24 2005	Great reviews were right on!	Visited Montreal in mid-July and spent several afternoons reading reviews and comparing prices for city hotels. After much contemplation we decided on this hotel. The reviews were all so good that I was worried my hopes would be too high. However, in this case, the reviews were right on. The hotel staff were very accomodating and friendly; the location quite central and easy access to the underground; the room was VERY clean, spacious, and the kitchenette very useful; and parking could not have been more convenient (hotel valet or public lot right next to the hotel). My husband, son (2 year old), daughter (2 month old), and I had a great stay. I recommend this hotel to everyone. You get more than you pay for!	
Jul 21 2005	Stop looking. This is the place to stay in Montreal.	We loved our stay at the hotel when we visited the '05 Jazz Festival. The location is superb. Walk from the quiet street directly outside, and 2 minutes later you're right in the middle of Rue St Catherine shopping at The Bay department store, or the Underground. 5-10 minutes away is Rue Sherbrooke and McGill U or Place des Arts &amp; the Jazz festival. 10-15 minutes south is Chinatown and Old Port while 15-20 minutes north is the Plateau/St Denis/St Laurent district with many boutiques and dining possibilities. The studio room with bed, dining table + equipped kitchen is HUGE and has a bit of style with high accent-lit ceilings. The separate bathroom is modern and large. An included continental breakfast served on the 2nd floor in a windowed seating area is convenient. The rooftop has a tiny enclosed pool and a handful of excercise machines. The adjacent small outdoor terrace is a pleasant place to catch the summer sun.The front desk and bell staff were friendly and eager to assist. It was an excellent value at the AAA '05 studio price of C$165 w/o taxes.Strike select hotel off your list of to do's. This is the one.	
Jul 17 2005	Great Hotel - And We Found It Thanks to Trip Advisor!	I second the July 14th, 2005 review completely! Wonderfully large rooms, in fact the gems if you can get one are the two bedroom 'family' suites which include an additional bed in an alcove rather than a enclosed bedroom, but they are priced closer to a one bedroom. We were pleasantly surprised to be upgraded upon arrival. All interactions with the desk and bell staff were great.Do get to breakfast before 8:30 or the food selection decreases. Not hungry yet or everyone in your party not awake? Use the tray in the room (it's under the coffeemaker) to bring back crossants and juice.Yes, finding the hotel the first time is a trick. Not only are portions of the street on some signs and some maps called Phillips or Beaver Hall or Aylmer, but between 8:00am and 6:00pm weekdays you can't make a left off Rene-Levesque Boulevard onto the street and the Alymer portion is one-way the wrong way. After three circle the area tries, we lucked into approaching it from ther east where a right turn is permitted. The desk staff seemed surprised about the traffic restrictions, so maybe this is a traffic pattern change. But find it and it will be worth it.	
Jul 14 2005	wonderfl experience	Our family of four just returned from a brief trip to Montreal. After researching many hotels, we decided to stay at Le Square Phillips Hotel and Suites. What a wise choice! We were greeted by a friendly staff. The room was very spacious and clean. We stayed in a one bedroom suite with a king size bed in one bedroom and a pull out couch in the living room. The suite had a fully equipped kitchen. The location was great. Close to everything but quiet at night. We found the hotel staff to knowledgeable and very accommodating. The only negative experience was finding the hotel as the street which it is on has three different names. We will definately visit this hotel again.	
Jul 6 2005	Worth staying at Le Square Phillips	We arrived early during the day and since we did not request for an early check-in, we weren't expecting to have our room ready until at least 1PM. However, while I was asking where we could park our car while awaiting check-in, they got our room ready (at 10:30 AM !!!). This allowed us to settle down before heading for the grocery store for supplies. Very helpful staff. The description of huge and spacious rooms you find in this forum is not at all exaggerated! The 1-bedroom we stayed in was roomy, spotless and housekeeping came everyday (we stayed for 2 nights) to cleanup and replenish supplies. If you intend to cook in your room, be reminded that this is not a timeshare unit and therefore is not as well-equipped (i.e., paper towels were not provided, there only is the most basic cooking utensils/pans/bowls, etc). Plates, cups, glasses, forks, spoons, knives were sufficient.The fitness room was okay but we found the pool really small for a hotel this size. The size must have been around 10 feet wide by 40 feet long and allowed a maximum of 10 bathers. Can't complain about the breakfast - simple but very generous in quantity. I saw some guests filling up their tray to take up to their rooms even!All in all, we had a wonderful time at Le Square Phillips and would definitely stay here again in our next trip to Montreal.	
Jun 28 2005	Nice Hotel But Location Not So Great	We found Le Square Phillips to be spacious, modern, and very clean. We spent $236 per night plus tax for a family of four....a little pricey. We were disappointed in the area that the hotel was located. Only a couple of blocks from the hotel are XXX related businesses and shops (on St. Catherine). Old Montreal is within walking distance, but it is a 10-15 minute distance. While for the most part the staff was friendly and accomodating, one clerk gave us a restaurant recommendation whereby we walked out of the establishment (prices were very expensive when we had asked for a very reasonable but good location). Other clerks/bell staff were uncertain when we asked for restaurant recommendations. There is a nice indoor parking garage on the second floor of the same hotel for $16C a day. The breakfast is included, (muffins, toast, cereals, fresh fruit) and is at least average but nothing special. Don't arrive late or you will find little. The pool and exercise facility looked very nice but we did not use. I would consider staying here again, but we came across other hotels in nicer locations that I would at least check out and research before making another reservation.	
Jun 26 2005	Unbelievable! Thanks TripAdvisor	I searched all the usual suspects, hotels, expedia etc...for lodging for our family of 5 possibly 6 people and learned we'd need two rooms at any of the chain hotels. Did a google search for &quot;family friendly hotels in Montreal&quot;. Trip advisor dot com came up and I began reading reviews about &quot;Square Phillips&quot;. I went to their website and looked a little further. We took a two bedroom suite which had one king bed and one queen, a living area with a pull out, dining area and kitchen. When we arrived all of us couldn't beleive how huge our room was. Just amazing! I think it was over 1,000 square feet. If you have a family, this is the place in Montreal for you to stretch out and not be stumbling over all the kids and their stuff. There's dining within a few paces as well as shopping and the Metro all within an easy walk. The value I thought was superb when you compare the cost to two regular rooms in this locale. We paid $249CN plus taxes (just under $200US) per night, saving us about $100US per night for two regular hotel rooms. You pay additional to park (most other hotels charge too). This will be my choice again when visiting Montreal. Thanks again Tripadvisor and all the folks that posted about this hotel. Thank you too to the staff for making our stay a memorable one!!	
Jun 23 2005	Huge suites	We were staying in a 2 room suite, it was huge, more like a house. Spotless and very comfortable. The staff were very friendly and efficient, nothing seemed to much trouble, even when my wife dropped a glass in the bathroom at midnight they came and cleared up, but why no plastic tumbler in the bathroom!Breakfast was ok, cereal, toast, muffins, bagals and fruit.	
Jun 19 2005	Wonderful!	This may be one of the best places we've ever stayed. Not because of beauty but because of comfort, great beds, cleanliness, incredible quiet, size of rooms, location, helpful staff, and price. Very nice little breakfast. I would never have known about this hotel without Trip Advisor, and decided to give it a try. We were definitely not disappointed! We could easily walk to Old Montreal, and since the hotel is located downtown, we also went to check out the huge shopping areas a block from the hotel. Excellent restaurants in the area, some way too expensive but at least worth the money. This old building was completely renovated only 2 years ago, and it's like brand new. It's considered an &quot;apartment; hotel. We were in a studio with 2 Q beds in a huge room. We didn't use the kitchen but it was complete. The whole stay was great!	
Jun 16 2005	Can't be beat!	This was our third stay in the past year and we will be back again. The rooms, staff, location, etc. are as wonderful as previously reviewed. An important aspect of our choosing a hotel in downtown Montreal is the parking. Our daughter is a student at McGill and we were there to bring her home at the end of the winter term. Needless to say our SUV was packed to the roof. When we returned from the residence hall after loading in the rain we asked if we'd be able to &quot;rearrange&quot; things while parked in the parking &quot;garage&quot;. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. We were already aware parking was inside on the second floor. When we made the request we were told that area was full and they were using their off-site valet parking on the next block. (We were not aware there was more than one location.) Room was made for our car right inside the second floor access and we were able unpack and repack at our leisure out of the rain. We have also stayed at the Holiday Inn on Sherbrooke which offers indoor valet parking but found the rooms to be lacking. Looking forward to returning for next term!	
Jun 12 2005	We loved the Phillips Square	We selected this hotel based on the reviews we read on TripAdvisor.com. We were so happy that our stay there turned out to be as good as expected. The room we stayed in was one the smallest offered and yet it's the biggest hotel room we have ever stayed in. The staff was friendly and quite helpful. The hotel also offers a free safe box and computers with internet access if you don't bring your laptop. The hotel is also conveniently located near the main attractions in the city. And for those places that you want to visit and located relatively far, you can take any of the metro stations near by (there are about four within walking distance). There's also a grocery store about two blocks away where you can buy your own food and save money. The hotel also offered free continental breakfast, which was quite good considering it's a hotel and not a bed and breakfast place. We trully enjoyed it!!!!!!!!!	
Jun 5 2005	Excellent Incredible Suite	My wife and I and two daughters (ages 11 and 18) stayed here over Memorial Day weekend 2005 and this place was truly terrific. We had a one bedroom suite, with a door to the bedroom One daughter slept on a pullout sofa in the living room, and the other slept on an aero bed which we travel with. This suite was indeed quite large, and the kitchen area was very handy for leftovers from meals. And the suite was sparkling clean, as others have written. The location was also excellent, with the following &quot;clarifications&quot; (but in no way intended as criticisms): first of all, while a great city to walk in large part, Montreal is still a large city, so a hotel in any area willl have its pluses and minuses (i.e. closer to some sites, further to others). The walk to the boarder of Old Montreal was about 15-20 minutes, and then it could take another several minutes to walk to certain sites there (i.e. Notre Dame, Old Port), but this was all very manageable. In Old Montreal, we particulalry enjoyed Museum of Arcehology, a very different and fascinating presentation, good for kids. The paid admission to Notre Dame ($4 adults, $2 kids) was worth it as the &quot;tour&quot; was interesting. You can also go during mass times for free (but no tour) and hear the organ. We are not Catholic but we found the tour interesting and the church beautiful. Jacques Cartier Place has enjoyable street performers and the old government buildings are impressive, especially at night. Having said all these postives, Old Montreal didn't quite take my breath away (but still a &quot;must go&quot;). Also, one way to get to Old Montreal is to walk through Chinatown, and do that, especially the pedestrian mall--very enjpyable and superb Chinese bakeries. Speaking of eating, there are several places to eat on the same block as the hotel-- a &quot;fast food&quot; Lebanese (Meditteranean) place which was very good (and inexpensive) and a bisro (Comptoir ??) which was excellent, and gave us the feel of Montreal-style eating. Locals go there and the price for dinner was a few dollars cheaper than in some pure tourist areas. More re. location--if you walk out of the hotel and make a right, you will quickly come to St. Catherine, a major street. If you turn right, you will be going in the direction of the Place D'Arts. However, we found that walk to the right to be somewhat unimpressive and and not particularly enjoyable. (But there is a dollar store right there if you need anything last minute, and a very extensive and reasonably priced &quot;souvenir&quot; store there too). But if you turn to your left, you can walk in a very enjoyable commercial/business/college (McGill) area with plenty of shops and eateries, and my wife and I did a lot of walking in that direction, including up the side streets. The vegetraian buffet place--Cassolet??--was excellent. There is also a neat bilingual bookstore (Indigo, with a cafe; superb cohoolate banana cake)) where we got a map, and we needed one. I am pretty good at acclimating to cities, but I found Montreal to be a little difficult to orient, perhaps because it is not a grid, streets are in French, etc. It took the length of our stay for me to get real good at it (so I'll be ready next time!). But the people are very nice with directions, and the cab drivers we also found to be very nice (when we had to take a cab). If driving from NY/Northway, stop at Quebec tourist center soon after the border to pick up their own guide books and maps) More on the hotel: the breakfast was very good, featuring real Montreal bagels (from Fairmount Bakery, which is a car ride away but we also went there to take some home, the bagels are very good, sweet). Also, the bread in Montreal is great, not only at the bakeries we found. The hotel buffet served store brought bread (cinnamon rasin, even white) which was better than the home made breads we have here in Albany (i.e. Panera's). I went to a supermarket to take several loaves home.The hotel has valet parking, but there is a public lot right next to it, for only $5/day on weekend, but $17/day or so on week days. And banks right across the street to exchange money and, when closed, places near by on Ste. Catherine St. In sum, we found this hotel to be truly excellent, the accommodations can't be beat for a family. P.S.: Enjoyed the Biodome, which you can reach by subway or cab; also, there are, regrettably, many homeless persons in all parts of Montreal so, if you wish, you can get change at the bank to use during your stay.	
Jun 1 2005	A Terrific Family Hotel	My family spent a long weekend at Le Square Phillips Hotel. Our experience was wonderful in all regards. The hotel offers spacious comfortable suites perfect for families with children. The staff are friendly and helpful, the included breakfast was delicious and top notch. The location was perfect - close to McGill University, shopping, movies and museums. All this for a reasonable price - I cannot imagine choosing another hotel in Montreal.	
May 13 2005 	The best place to stay in Montreal	We absolutely loved the Square Phillips. It is reasonably priced, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and the location, just off Rue Ste. Catherine, is perfect--near restaurants and shopping. We had a spacious studio with a lovely kitchen (dinette, electric range, dishwasher, microwave, refrigerator). The lighting is gorgeous in the suite. High-speed internet is free. I wouldn't stay anywhere else.	
May 7 2005 	Really Excellent	Just got back from our stay at Le Square Phillips. I was in Montreal on business and my family joined me. We had a 2 bedroon suite and it was perfect. Spacious, very clean and the staff were 100% frinedly and genuine. Fast internet link to the room was great, maid service perfect and the the kitchen area had everything. The pool on the top floor was great to jump in and out of at the end of the day! Our 9 yera old son loved. The gynm there is great too - machines and free weights. Downstairs in, off the lobby is a great little bistro which serves great food at great prices and huge portions! Fantastic if you don't want to go trudging looking fro somewhere to eat every night. Over the road, we went twice to a superbe French restaurat Julien's - go there! The hotel is a 1 minute walkf from a the underground network of malls and subways, and 3 mins from the main shopping streets of Peel and St Catherine!! All in all - you cannot do better. We saw the other hotels as we went around by cab (Hilton, Marriott , Inter Cont etc) and the location of this hotel was jsut far superior and far nicer from the outside too! Oh by the way - breakfast was great , served on floor 2 - a manned, help yourself set up. I am so glad we satyed here.	
Apr 23 2005	Highly recommended	I really liked this hotel, where I stayed for a week recently. It's impeccably clean, the staff are friendly, the room spacious and the downtown location most convenient. I booked a 'junior suite' which has a kitchen and dining area, which is great if you are like me and want your hotel room to feel like home. The only thing you maybe want to check: if a nice view is an essential component of a good hotel room for you, ensure you are on the Square Phillips side and not the car park side. Having said that, even if you do have a room at the back (like we had) you can still go up to the roof and see lovely views of the Square and the rest of the city, including the leaning Olympic tower. If the weather's nice you can relax on the sun loungers. This hotel is really good value for money and I highly recommend it to business and pleasure travellers alike.	
Apr 23 2005 	Enormous and well-appointed suites!	We stayed at the hotel from April 9 to 16. The staff are very friendly and the rooms are unprecedented! We had a one-bedroom suite which was much more than the two of us needed -- a studio suite would've been sufficient. Were were &quot;wowed&quot; by the suite which has a walk-in closet bigger than some bathrooms. The bathroom was spacious and clean. The kitchen included a full-size fridge, stove, oven, microwave oven and dishwasher! A very nice living area lead to the bedroom which was separated by a frosted glass and wood wall. There are TV's in the living room and bedroom. The king-sized bed looked small in the bedroom! We estimate that the entire suite was likely close to 1000 sq. ft! The 12-13 foot ceilings and lots of windows made the place feel spacious.A continential breakfast was included and had great baked goods (try the bagels), coffee, fruit, cereal and very good juices (the grapefruit juice tasted fresh). The gym was a little small, but had an assortment of dumbells which ranged up to 60 lbs, which we found rare in most other hotels. The pool and patio area were nice too, though we didn't use them.The location can't be beat. Only steps away from the Bay department store, St. Catherine Street (the main street downtown) and the &quot;underground city&quot; (shopping galore). If you go down the street towards Rene Levesque Blvd and then turn left, there's an IGA grocery store about 4-5 blocks. The variety there is great and there are ready-to-heat meals which are quite good.Montreal in general is an awesome city -- so much variety and great deals (shopping is a must!), friendly people who switch easily between French and English, are helpful (people stopped to ask if we needed any directions or ideas on where to visit), and service in the hotel and stores care hard to beat. The residents are proud of their city and it's evident why. They're also however, generous in sharing their pride with visitors and helping one to really experience the city.As for food -- Try Reuben's for Montreal smoked meat. It's probably the best place around within walking distance. When you go west on St. Catherines, you'll see a Reuben's on the left side of the street -- it looks like it goes downstairs. That one is more of a deli by the looks of things. However, if you keep going for a couple more blocks, you'll see a Reuben's restaurant (there's smoked meat hanging in the window). Give it a try. Oh, and also St. Hubert chicken and ribs are always a treat. Wish we had the chain in BC.I'd highly recommend Montreal and the Square Phillips Hotel and Suites. The hotel is the best deal and I haven't come across such a well appointed suite before (especially for the price, which was $156 Can for us). Enjoy your trip! : )	
Apr 17 2005	Very helpful staff	We enjoyed a thoroughly comfortable stay at the hotel for the duration of a week long conference. On our first night the young man on the desk at Le Square Phillips recommended a restaurant to us which we discovered featured in our conference guide and, as a consequence, was heavily booked. With great courtesy and a lot of charm he managed to secure us a booking for that night and with only a 40 minute wait. The restaurant was excellent and his attitude and approach sums up what you can expect from this hotel.	
Apr 12 2005	Loved it!	We have just returned from three days at Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites. The hotel is extremely clean and everyone was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was included each day (coffee, juice, bagels, croissants, cereal, oatmeal, fruit, etc.) and was lovely. The rooms are very large and we couldn't hear anything through the walls, which hopefully meant they couldn't hear my 2 and 1 year old. Lots of room for them to run around. Full size fridge, stove, plates, utensils, glasses - even a dishwasher. Bathroom very clean and good sized.Will definately be staying with them again.	
Apr 2 2005	Le Square Deal!	Although we only got to stay here for one night last week, we loved what we saw. The staff who checked us in were so hospitable and wanted to please. They had a nice business center with free high speed Internet. We did not get to see the pool or fitness center, but judging by the rest of the hotel I am sure they were nice. They have three speedy elevators and the hotel was exceptionally quiet. It is located on Square Phillips (the one with the statue of King George) across the square is Chirst Church Cathedral and The Bay Department Store--with easy access to the underground shopping areas. The Gare Central (main train station) is within easy walking distance. The Place d' Arts (the theater complex for symphony, opera, plays, etc.) is also within walking distance (The Montreal Symphony Orchestra (OSM) is excellent by the way) This location is more central in downtown and nearer to the &quot;action&quot; (esp. at night) as opposed to the quiet atmosphere found at night in Old Montreal. The room are HUGE and include a microwave, stove, breakfast table, desk and a FULL sized fridge! It would be a great place to stay for an extended period of time for a business traveler. What a classy place and an island of solitude and style in downtown Montreal.	
Apr 1 2005	Excellent hotel excellent location	Stayed at Le Square Phillips Hotel in May 2004 for 4 nights. They didn't have the room i requested so they moved me up to another room...well holy cow, it was great. I booked a room, but was upgraded to a suite. Not sure what suite this is, but it was huge! Looked out onto Phillips street and could see St. CAtherines from the window also...could see The Bay from the window. There was a separate bedroom with a king size bed, big window and a tv and huge closet. There was a queen bed off of the living room, and a pullout couch in the living room. Huge dining room with kitchen too. Very clean. Colors were neutral...furnishings were nice...simple, but up to date. Bathrom was large and clean. Tv also in the living room. Kitchen had a fridge, stove, microwave and fully equipped with dishes, utensils and a few pots and pans. And some tea, coffee. Daily breakfast was served on the 2nd floor(not sure of the floor)...serve yourself style. Cold cereal, oatmeal, juices, coffee/tea, muffins, bagels, toast, cookies, fruit. Did the trick just fine. Hotel decor was nice and clean and quiet. There was a small cafe in the lobby...looked good, but never did eat there. Also internet is available in a small office behind the lobby. Although everytime i wanted to use it, seemed that it was occupied. But i eventually got to the computer. Front desk was helpful with directions and recommendations for restaurants. Good smoked meat deli right next door. Location was very central to everything. Half a block from the heart of st. catherine street. Perhaps a 15 minute walk to Old Montreal. I have no complaints, rather, I am sure if i was ever to go to Montreal again, i would pick this hotel again.	
Mar 28 2005	Le Square Phillips Hotel is wonderful and comfortable	My family decided on Le Square Phillips Hotel completely based on the reviews on Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed. We were there for four nights and with 2 adults and 2 children we had a wonderful and very comfortable experience. The suites are enormous and we were happily surprised to be upgraded to a suite with a king size bed in a separate room, a living room with a pull-out sofa and an alcove with another double bed, and a large kitchen area. We have never been so comfortable in a hotel. The included breakfast was more than adequate and my kids loved the beautiful rooftop pool. We would certainly not hesitate to recommend this hotel and cannot wait to visit Montreal for another stay at Le Square Phillips.	
Mar 28 2005	Wonderful place to stay	We just returned from three nights in Montreal, and the Le Place Phillips was a wonderful place to stay. We were with our ten month old son, and the hotel provided a Graco pack-n-play (can be used as a crib) and a high chair for our room. The studio suite came with a kitchen/dining area, and that was very convenient to store baby food, wash baby bottles, etc. The staff was courteous and helpful. The hotel is in a good location--we were in walking distance to Chinatown, Old Montreal, and the underground shopping district. The condition of the room was very clean and new. I would definitely stay there again if we visit Montreal.	
Mar 2 2005	Terrific hotel!	Spent two nights there in February, 2005. The largest hotel room I have ever stayed in - very elegant and comfortable. Outstanding location. I have no hesitations in recommending this hotel to anyone going to Montreal.	
Mar 1 2005	Le Square Phillips Excellence	Spent there 10 days last May and as everyone else, I was quite amazed with the size of the rooms, which are remarkably spacious. Was also very pleased with the stuff attitude and the helpfulness in the front desk. The location is beautiful and I personally think ideal (near St. Catharine Street) as in fact you are as close in the center as possible, yet you totally avoid all the fuss and noise. A very well organized, clean and ideally placed hotel in the very heart of Montreal. Strongly recommended.	
Feb 19 2005	Great location room size 	We spent 4 nights in December. The breakfast is adaquate. The room was excellent. The size spoiled us and it was great having a kitchen &amp; frig.The front desk helped us look up movie times &amp; locations &amp; were friendly &amp; helpful. It was nice having a internet computer available at no charge although I wish there had been more then one.	
Dec 22 2004	Huge rooms	I travel to Montreal frequently on business and thought I would give the Phillips Square a try. The first thing you notice is the size of the rooms. I stayed in the smallest suite and it was three times the size of a typical hotel room. The room was well equipped with a clean bathroom and nice dining/ kitcen area. This is very much a hotel for the middle of the road tourist, especially families because of the spaciousness. It is not really a hotel for the romantic weekend getaway or your typical business traveller. Parking is very convenient,but the food offerings are essentially limited to the continental breakfast. However, there is a splendid restaurant, the Restaurant Julien,only a few doors away. The overall location of the hotel is reasonably good and very convenient for Ste-Catherine Street shopping. There is no way this is the second best hotel choice in Montreal as your rating suggests There are at least a dozen hotels in Montreal that are superior.	
Dec 16 2004	Will recommend to all of my friends and family	We take multiple trips to Montreal each year and have been looking for a great place to stay. Le Square Phillips is in a great location, has a great staff, and wonderful accomodations. Instead of being cramped in a tiny room, Le Square offered high ceiling beautiful rooms with a dining area and kitchenette. The continental breakfast was chaotic and just okay, but the rest of the hotel makes up for it ten-fold. I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone I know!!!	
Nov 3 2004	Couldn't be more pleased	Stayed for 3 nights in a 2BR suite which we shared with friends. Huge, and beautiful room, 10-11' ceilings, plenty of large windows, nice architectural details, 3 zoned temperature controls. We had 2 adults and 4 kids and there was plenty of room and sleeping areas. Nice sitting area, nice kitchen with stove/oven/microwave/dishwasher and pretty much anything you would need to prepare meals in room, large attractive dining area as well. Staff was excellent with maps, directions etc. We valet parked, and each time we left the hotel, the car was ready by the time we hit the lobby. Extra pillows were delivered within 5 mins of the request. Early check-in was allowed. Breakfast was extraordinary given it is complimentary. Choices of cereals, breads,bagels, croisants, juices, fruit, coffee, tea in a very nice dining area. Walking distance to many area attractions, and only a few blocks from the McGill Metro station.on-site laundry facilities (although without a soap/softener vending that I could see), nice work out area, beautiful roof top outdoor lounging area. The only complaint I would have at all is that the roof top pool was a bit small as well as too deep (4-4.5ft throughout) for small children without floatation aides (which I forgot to bring for mine).	
Nov 2 2004	Loved the Phillips Square	We loved our large two-bedroom suite at the Phillips Square: clean, new, 2 TVs, great kitchenette. We were adults who wanted to sleep separately, and thanks to separate bedrooms (with doors) and the sheer size of the suite, we had lots of privacy. Best of all was the location. We were about 30 seconds away from the shops on Ste. Catherine Street and McGill subway station, less than a 10-minute walk from Notre Dame Basilica and Old Montreal, and in about a half-hour we walked to Schwartz's on the &quot;Main&quot; for smoked meat. There was a great shop downstairs for groceries. I recommend the Phillips Square and will certainly go on my next trip to Montreal. I can't imagine staying in the suburbs ever again.	
Oct 26 2004	Great hotel	I got the recommendation from Trip Advisor and while I was not the cheapest place in Montreal it is one of the best at any price. For about $100 per night we got unbelievable service and a huge room. They do charge for parking but there is a place next door that is a little cheaper. Just remember that you have to pay each time you come and go from the parking lot I think. At the hotel it is also valet parking from the front door. The location is also superb if you want to be near downtown and lots of restaurants. Overall just an incredible place and breakfast is included.	
Oct 23 2004	Superb	We just returned from a week at the Le Square Phillips Hotel Suites. It was fantastic...spacious and immaculate rooms, delicious breakfasts, courteous/friendly/cheerful/helpful staff, perfect sightseeing location, exceptionally quiet room, very clean and convienient laundry facicities. The enclosed roof top poolwas gorgeous...especially at dusk when the city lights came on. It was a superb experience. This is a lovely hotel with very wonderful staff. I am smiling as I write this and think back on our time there.	
Oct 9 2004	Fantastic experience	My husband and I stayed here on a recent vacation and 1st trip to Montreal. We could not have been more satisfied. The location is ideal - 1/2 block from St. Catherines - the major downtown shopping street, the subway and underground city. We were able to walk to the Latin district, Chinatown and Old Town. The rooms are large, clean, and stylish. The rooftop pool/fitness room/outdoor deck was very nice. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. We will definitely stay here again if we return.	
Sep 28 2004	A fantastic hotel!	My boyfriend and I just returned from a two night stay at Le Square Phillips (Sept. 24-26). It was an excellent stay. The hotel was beautiful and the price was really great(especially compared to other hotels in the area). I booked the hotel based on the reviews on this site and the fact that it was so affordable. I only wish we were there for a longer period of time! The hotel would be great for extended stays. The room was huge and very clean. The staff was very friendly and told us to ask them if we had any questions at all about Montreal (it was our first time there). There was also plenty of information in the lobby for tourists to flip through. The breakfast was good and there was lots to choose from. The location was perfect. We walked everywhere we wanted to go (or took the Metro, which is also close by). I'm sure everything I've mentioned here has already been mentioned by others, but I really did love this hotel. I recommend it to anyone and will be staying there again if we return to Montreal in the future.	
Sep 28 2004	Great Hotel in an OK city	I would have given this hotel 5 &quot;stars&quot; if it wasn't for the fact that it's located in Montreal...needless to say, we didn't think Montreal was all that great...however, this hotel is awesome...we stayed in a king studio on the top floor...apparently the smallest room they offer, and it was huge...a nice size bathroom, roomy tub/shower combo, a full kitchen area which led into the bed area...I do suggest bringing your own pillow though...the bellmen/concierges were all very nice and very helpful...I'm very glad I did more research and ended up staying here for $149 US a night...it was definitely the right choice for the price...especially because the place is only a couple of years old and is very clean...and the maid service was great...she did a wonderful job...don't get too excited about the continental breakfast because if you stay longer than two days, it gets old...but there is a small store downstairs that sells all sorts of things...it's a cross between a mini-mart/deli...they have breakfast items, they make sandwiches, pasta, soup, and salads for lunch...you could see many locals eating there on their lunch hour...also a good place to pick up some bottled water and some snack food...they stay open until like 9:00.....the hotel's location is good too...it's just off of Rue St Catherine which is a main street and about a 15 minute walk to the Old Port...it's not worth taking the subway to Old Montreal because by the time you walk to the subway, you're almost in Old Montreal...the subway can be used for getting to other areas, although the system is not as expansive as I was led to believe...we had our car which was useful...Montreal is an easy driving city...I won't get into why I didn't like Montreal because I think this review is long enough, but I will say that unless you have business there, or a specific reason to be in Montreal, then I would skip it and go to Quebec City instead...it was so much nicer and had a lot more history...Montreal had a few attractions, but nothing major compared to other cities I've been to...maybe in the height of the tourist season when there is a festival going on, Montreal might be more exciting...I probably won't go back so I won't know.	
Sep 14 2004	Marvellous Facility	I've just come back from three days in Montreal. We stayed at Le Square Phillips Hotel, and I was very impressed. It is in a central part of the city and allows for easy access on foot to to the old cityand its attractions and the waterfront, as well as the newer part of the city, its restaurants and bars and McGill. The rooms were so large and spacious, the kitchen was of a good size too and very well equipped, and the bathroom had lots of counter space. There was so much room for all our luggage and personal belongings. The continental breakfast was also very good. I was able to use the pool and do some sun bathing on the roof of the hotel which was nice after a day of sight-seeing. If I ever go back to Monreal, I will be sure to book into Le Square Phillips, a great deal for its very resonable price.	
Sep 12 2004	Great location!	I stayed at Le Square Phillips for seven nights in July 2004 and found most of the comments within tripadvisor to be correct. I had a one bedroomed suite which was enormous, both clean and nearly new it was almost too much space for one person. The gym &amp; swimming pool were adequate if a little on the small side but the general level of service was very good. However, there were a couple of points which were not so good. The sound proofing between the rooms was very poor to the extent that I was repeatedly awoken by the next suite who kept rearranging their kitchen furniture on the stone tiles first thing in the morning. Imagine nails scraping on the blackboard and you get the picture. There was also a problem with the TV in the lounge not working which would normally not have been such a problem, except for the fact it was a Sunday when the maintenace man did not work either. I did ask reception what would happen if something serious went wrong on Sunday but alas recieved no reply. Also, there was no bar at the Hotel which I did not think I would miss, but I did. That last convivial drink with fellow guests can be a really nice way to end an evening and make new friends. Finally, the price I was quoted over the phone was not the price I was asked to pay upon leaving. The difference amounted to only $3.00 per night extra which in real terms is almost irrelavent when compared to the total bill for the stay, however, that is not how I do business and that is not the point. Overall, I'm still happy to recomend Le Square Phillips for those who seek space and location with a minimalist feel.	
Sep 7 2004	Overall pleasant but a few glitches	Booked a room based on all the positive reviews. I called travelocity a week before arrival to confirm room details, parking, etc...all is good. Upon check in, at 3:45pm, we were told our room was not ready and we could not have a non smoking room as we asked for when we made the reservation last May. After I mentioned I would be happy to call travelocity to confirm the non smoking room request as well as the fact that check in is anytime after 3pm an available non smoking room was found for us.  The room was super- spacious, clean, well lit, firm beds. The only issue that made our stay a bit unpleasant was the noise in the hallways late at night. The room doors are not well soundproofed and we were awoken all 3 nights by nighttime revelers returning to their rooms.  A suggestion for those arriving by car. There is a spacious, safe outdoor parking lot next to the hotel that charges only $6/day. A bargain compared to the $16/day the hotel charges.	
Sep 7 2004	loved the Le Square Phillips Hotel Suites	fantastic hotel, clean good service and grate location	
Sep 6 2004	Fabulous...fabulous...fabulous	Superb in every way .We had a Studio room ...It was huge and beautifully furnished and equiped with everything you need. The breakfast had a huge assortment to choose from..nothing was any trouble.. The staff were friendly ,helpful and polite. The situation of the hotel was central for anywhere you wanted to go and yet the Square is very quietWe found this hotel on this site and would recommend strongly anybody going to Montreal to stay here..You will not be disappointed	
Sep 6 2004	An Awesome experience	My family of 5, (3 children) stayed at the Square Phillips August 2 through August 6, 2004. We were very happy! We had a 2 bedroom suite and I could not believe the size of it! Our kids favorite activity was to play hide and seek in the room. After 5 days they never tired of finding new places to hide, thats how large the suite was! I was impressed with how clean our room was, it literally sparkled! The bathroom was enormous and it was spotless! Even the pipe under the sink inside the cabinet was sparkling clean! Icouldn't believe it! The beds were very comfortable. The windows in our suite were huge! They were so tall, with big, fat window sills. My kids would sit on the window sills and watch the city. There is a great little cafe in the lobby area of the hotel. It sells drinks, food, great salads, sandwiches, very convienent! Breakfast was served each day on the second floor. It was a great selection of fresh fruit, bagels, breads, donuts, cereals, pastries, etc. Even my 3 finicky children found something they liked to eat! The hotel is in a great location, very close to 2 metro stations. We parked our car when we arrived and did not touch it again until we left. The rooftop pool is small but just fine! My 3 kids loved swimming as the city lights lit up at night all around them. The staff at the Square Phillips is unbeatable! They were so friendly and wanted to help in any possible way. They really made our stay so enjoyable. A great big thank you to Sebastian (concierge) and Maryann! They were the best!! If we ever visit Montreal again , we will definately stay at the Square Phillips.	
Sep 2 2004	TripAdvisor Reviews were correct!	I selected Le Square Phillips for a three night stay (August 23rd-26th) based on the reviews by past guests on TripAdvisor and was not disappointed. The location downtown is central to everything and a 5 minute walk from the VIA station. I booked the king studio suite and was surprised by how large it was (800 square feet or more). There was a walk in closet, large bath, full kitchen with full sized appliances including stove, fridge, dishwasher and microwave. There was a separate living room and very large bedroom. So much space and still a very reasonable price. I didn't go with the #1 or #2 rated properties as one was a B&amp;B and the second much more expensive than Le Square Phillips.Breakfast included toast, muffins, bagels, croissants, donuts, cereals, juices, fresh fruit, fresh fruit cocktail, tea, coffee, milk (2% and chocolate) and hot chocolate.I would highly recommend this property to anyone looking for a spacious, comfortable, reasonably priced, well run, downtown property. If you'd rather have the convenience of a full apartment rather than just a hotel room, look no further.	
Sep 1 2004	Great stay!	I've just arrived home after spending nine nights at Le Square Phillips Hotel, based solely on the recommendations on this website. I wasn't disappointed at all. It's everything that everyone has said that it is! Room quality - exceptional. Location - superb. Staff - very friendly. I will not hesitate to recommend this establishment to anyone, nor will I think twice before booking there again - soon!We stayed in a one bedroom, which in hindsight was probably too big for just two of us. I think next time we'll go with a simple studio, as it sounds as though the space there is more than ample. Needless to say, the one bedroom proved more than spacious. The location is second to none, in my opinion. It was a short walk to either the McGill or Square Victoria Metro stops. There was more shopping within a short walking distance of the hotel than one could imagine. And food - ah, yes, food. Of the nine days that I was in town, I had one bad meal, and that was at a &quot;tavern&quot; in Vieux-Montreal - I should have known better. Otherwise it was dining heaven. And there are incredible eating opportunities close to the hotel, including the great pizza restaurant between the hotel and Ste-Catherine.If you're trying to decide whether to stay here or not, take the plunge. You won't regret it. Definitely feel free to contact me if you have any questions - I'd love to help. Montreal was a great visit!	
Aug 24 2004	Nice Hotel Great Location	We just spent a weekend in Montreal and stayed at Le Square Phillips and found it to be a lovely property with huge rooms and a very friendly staff. It's located right in the heart of downtown, so many &quot;must see&quot; tourist things are right within walking distance. We had a two-bedroom suite and I can honestly say that it was bigger than my Brooklyn apartment, and my Brooklyn apartment is big compared to other NYC abodes. The bedrooms were large but there was only one bathroom, which made mornings a little bit slower than we would have liked. The kitchen was small but very usable with a four-burner electric stove with oven, a microwave, pots, pans and dishes, a small full size refrigerator, and the all-important dishwasher. The continental breakfast offered breads and bagels for toasting (Montreal bagels are not at all like NY bagels, but are really good in their own right), pastries and donuts, cereals, fresh fruit, juices, tea and coffee. Nothing fancy, but enough to get you going. The pool on the roof is very small and kids staying at the hotel dominated it the whole time we were there. But the outside deck around the pool was a lovely spot for evening coffee as the sun sets. The work out room is small but very functional with a bicycle, treadmill, elliptical, lat pull down that can be adjusted for other exercises, a rowing machine, free weights and an adjustable bench. The only complaint, and I hesitate to call it a complaint because it's so minor, is that there was only one trash can in the room, in the bathroom (if you don't count the teeny tiny trash bag in the kitchen, which can hold a tea bag and a paper cup and then it's full). For the money it was well worth it and I will most assuredly stay there again. In the past we have stayed at the Saint Sulpice, which is superior, but this is bigger and more affordable, if not as luxurious.	
Aug 17 2004	Montreal: Le Square Phillips	We have just come back from a 3 nights stay at Le Square Phillips Hotel &amp; Suites (August 13-August 16). I had basically picked this hotel (with my fingers and toes crossed!) based on all the positive reviews I've read on tripadvisor. I really was a bit nervous about picking this hotel. First of all, I've never picked a hotel based only on on-line reviews especially one I've never heard of. Secondly, not one Montreal tour book I've looked at listed this hotel as a recommended one (actually, most of the books did not even have this hotel listed! - which normally is probably not a good thing). Anyways, once in a taxi in Montreal, I figured it was a good sign that when I gave the driver the hotel name he knew exactly which hotel I was referring to. The hotel is about 30 mins from the Trudeau Airport. The cab ride is a flat fee of CAD$31. You can charge it if you have not, at that point, exchanged for Canadian currency (although I will say I think the driver will be happier if you pay him in cash). When we pulled up to the hotel, I was definitely happy and relieved to see that the hotel looked very nice from out front. The lobby is not big like the Sheratons and Marriotts of the world, but it was very well kept. Check-in (and check-out) was taken care of efficiently. The front desk and concierge were very professional, friendly and helpful throughout our stay. We had booked a studio room with a king bed. I was amazed as to how big this room was! Do not let the term &quot;studio&quot; fool you. It's definitely not the usual size hotel room. For those of you who are familiar with studio apartments in New York City, this hotel room is bigger than some of those apartments. Everything looked brand new. I don't think I've ever stayed in a hotel that looked this new and clean. The kitchen is stocked with dishes and utensils (including wine opener and can opener). There is a full size refrigerator which came in very handy for keeping cold drinks and leftovers. There is a full size stove with oven, dishwasher, toaster, microwave oven and coffee maker. The bathroom is very roomy and has very bright lights. The reason I specifically mentioned the bright lights is because the rest of the room is not very brightly lit. It has very modern lighting fixtures which is more for looks than practicality (which unfortunatley, I think is the trend for the 'boutique' hotels). I found that with the desk lamp and the two night table lamps on it wasn't too horrible. There is a tv, but unless you understand French, you won't get much use out of it. There are a couple of stations that have English speaking programs, but most are in French. Although, my husband thought it was entertaining to watch Bart Simpson (The Simpsons) speak French. The bed was very comfortable (nice and firm). I have to, have to agree with the other reviewers that the pillows are way too hard!! It was just better for me to not use it at all. The hotel offers free high speed internet access. If you forget to bring your network cable, you can pick one up right downstairs(the one we got was about CAD$8). There is a computer store adjacent to the hotel. Adajcent to the other side of the hotel is a little deli / grocery store where you can pickup drinks and assortment of munchies. The locale of the hotel is great. On the same block of the hotel is a coffee house (similiar to Starbucks), a pizza place -- not your usual pizza place -- they offer over 40 varieties, and a couple of other restaurants / bistros. The Metro is about two short blocks away. It's a very user-friendly subway system. Fares are CAD$2.50 one way, but you can also get daily passes or multiple days passes for discounted rates. We took the Metro to see an Expos game and to the Biodome. Old Montreal is about a 15 -20 minutes walk from the hotel. We took a taxi to the Casino which was about a 15 - 20 minutes drive. The cab fare was about CAD$12 each way. Rue St Catherine (where all the shops are) is about a block away. Unless you plan to go outside of Montreal you really don't need a car and note that the hotel charges CAD$16 per day for parking (valet). In our wandering, we had walked by some of the big name hotels (Marriott, Sheraton, Fairmont) and they don't seem to be as conveniently located. Another thing I found useful is that there is a phone in the lobby that is a direct line to the taxi company. We called and they were in front of the hotel in about 2 minutes!! I can probably go on a bit more about this hotel / trip, but this review may be too much already. So, to summarize, this is a really nice hotel and if you're debating whether or not you should book at this hotel.... go for it!!	
Aug 16 2004	A really great value for your money	We selected this hotel after reading the wonderful reviews. We checked into a kingsize non-smoking studio and....all those great reviews were correct. This studio is HUGE...easily the size of 2 large hotel rooms. I can only imagine the size of the suites. The bathroom is large and the kitchen is complete. Everything is spotless. Staff is very friendly. The outside of the hotel is ok looking but the location is good. Old Montreal is a 10 min walk downhill. The Metro is 1 blk away (Victoria Sq station) and shops/restaurants is whithin a few blks. Attached to the hotel is a small restaurant that also carries some basic stuff like milk, yogurt, tylenol etc etc. Very helpful when you have a 3 yr old kid. The swimming pool is on the top of the hotel and the view from the top is of surrounding buildings. The pool, like the rest of the hotel, is clean. I'm writing this review from the room on the free high speed internet. We are here one more night and loving every minute. Will defintely book this hotel, when we come visit Montreal again. Maybe try the even bigger suites....	
Aug 15 2004	Excellent hotel great value	We stayed four days in a one-bedroom suite. As other reviews have indicated, the rooms (including the bathroom) are huge and reasonably well appointed (e.g., good TVs in both living room and bedroom). The staff is very helpful and the location is unbeatable. Also, the unlimited high-speed Internet access is a real plus.The lobby and decor are only fair, but this is a minor point. The hotel aims to please, and it is a terrific value. Breakfast is included, so with kids (which we didn't have), it's a real bargain. It is also nice to have the roof pool and workout area. For some reason, not many cab drivers know about the hotel, and it is not written up in Fodors. In any event, we would come back and highly recommend it to others.	
Aug 9 2004	Excellent Hotel!	We stayed one night (August 7, 2004) and chose the studio with two double beds. The room was huge and very well set up. We found it exceptionally clean along with the rest of the hotel. The outdoor area on the pool/fitness/laundry floor was fantastic. The complimentary breakfast was very nice with with many tasty items to choose from. All the staff was friendly and helpful! Location was perfect and we would not hesitate to book again!	
Jul 29 2004	Excellent accomadations at Le Square Philips	My husband , two children ages 2 and 4 and I stayed at Le Square Philips Hotel for two nights and we were quite impressed with the property. The location is excellent within walking distance of the &quot;must sees&quot; in the city. There is a well appointed cafe off of the lobby which has a great selection of every snack, sandwich and beverage anyone could want .The lobby is warm,welcoming and well decorated in a simple and modern style. Staff is friendly and service is prompt. The one bedroom rooms were huge, like one bedroom apartments with high ceilings immaculate and decorated in good taste. Everything was brand new. Pool, excercise room and deck were in great shape. Excellent value and quality.Highly reccommened for families and business travelors who need more space in thier accommadations.	
Jul 28 2004	Based on Reviews	Even tho I have not stayed there yet, I will be in September. I have, however, been in touch with them and they have answered all my questions very very promptly &amp; personally. Not like a large chain where you get a form reply 5-10 days later that doesn't answer the question and is not from anyone particular; that is if you get a response at all.Can't wait to stay at this hotel due to all the great reviews--which is why I chose this hotel! Thanks!	
Jul 28 2004	Absolutely wonderful!	From the moment we walked in the door until we checked out the staff was absolutely wonderful and exceptionally friendly. It was the biggest hotel room we have ever had and very nicely appointed and very clean. We stayed in a jr suite deluxe and we estimated the room size at 21 x 70 feet. Very convenient for shopping and eating. Will definitely stay there again!	
Jul 4 2004	Central location big rooms nice concierge	One of the highlights of our recent trip to Montreal was staying in this hotel. It was reasonably priced and offered a nice clean, modern, centrally located and friendly place to stay for our extended weekend. The concierge, pool and free yummy continental breakfast were great touches. We would definitely come back!	
Jun 29 2004	Square Phillips was nice location can't be beat	The Square Phillips was very nice in most ways. First, one could say that it's definately one of the best locations of all downtown Montreal hotels. It's located between rue St-Catherine and René-Lévesque Blvd. , on a quiet street, which means that the suites are also very quiet. Secondly, it's true, the staff is friendly and was one of the most responsive I've seen ever. Thirdly, it's suites, even the studios, are HUGE. They all have a fully equipped kitchen, local calls and internet access are free. What kept me from giving it a perfect rating: it's true, If you are used to feather pillows, you'll find theirs extremely hard. The mattresses were also a little too hard to my tastes. But some of you will like that. The hotel itself is still brand-new and it shows, but I found that it lacked a bit of personality, the rooms and the lobby are decorated in dark, greyish tones that are a little sad. Not that I don't like art-deco, contemporary decor, on the contrary, but it seems their mix contemporary/classic did not work that well.But that shoudn't stop you from booking, I would return there myself, also because of their incredible value for price.	
Jun 22 2004	Totally excellent. Best hotel I've stayed at.....	All aspects of this hotel are great.Room (one-bed suite) was extremely large with high ceilings. Since building was originally built as warehouse this means that the building is extremely solid and almost no noise from other rooms (in contrast to other hotels on our trip). Actually, the suite was bigger than my small one-bed flat that I rented some years ago! All facilities provided as mentioned by previous reviews.Free in-room high-speed internet access (although the connector had disappeared into the stupid fancy lamp and had to be dug out).Staff very friendly and helpful and do not &quot;hang around&quot; for tips like in regular hotels.The attached cafe was very good and was also a small shop containing many useful food items. Nearby IGA supermarket was excellent.Location was brilliant and extremely close to the efficient and cheap metro.Pool and laundry excellent.	
Jun 21 2004	Great. Clean spaceous central nice pool.	I spent a week in a 2 bedroom suite in this hotel. The room has plently of space (about 100m2), and nice high ceilings. Everything was very clean, and in good condition. You get a kitchen with a cooker, microwave, fridge, freezer, and a dishwasher. There are clothes washing machines on the top floor. On the top floor is a small gym and a reasonable pool. Neither was very busy at all.For food you get a self-service breakfast included in the room rate. In the foyer there is a simple cafe. There is a big supermarket about 3 blocks away. High speed internet access is also included.The location is really good. Its central (2 blocks from the central train station), but on a fairly peaceful road. I was staying with kids aged 4 and 6 and it was much nicer than on one of the busy thoroughfares like Sherbrooke.For a room rate of $CAN 250 a night, we had a really comfortable stay. Highly recommended.	
Jun 21 2004	Definetly worth it -	I wanted to join in on the praise this hotel is receiving. My stay was at the beginning of January for 2 nights and on top of being very close to the train station, the hotel was above average in almost every category I can think of for this price range.We had a 2 bedroom suite. I gave the king bedroom to a couple, took the queen room for myself and we had a pull out sofa and 2 rollaways for the other guests. The dining/living area accomodated us all reasonably well and the nook kitchen was a nice added bonus for storing wine and making coffee in the morning. There is only 1 bathroom which is atypical of a 2 bedroom hotel suite but not at all uncommon for a small 2 bedroom apartment - which more aptly describes the space. Room was clean and comfortable and maid service was very nicely done. The continental breakfast is a nice touch - especially if you take it back to your room. The breakfast room feels more like a school lunch room than anything but it still more than what would be expected for the price you are paying. Hotel had no problem accomodating my request to hold my bags after checkout until my trains departure time. If you are on a budget but want to stay in a nice place do not hesitate to book this hotel. You will not be disappointed. The staff, the suites, the location are all equal to the praise offered them in the other reviews.Thanks,Brian	
Jun 9 2004	Wonderful hotel w/ friendly staff	May 2004--What a wonderful stay we had. Great location that is close to everything. Rooms are huge and had fully equipped kitchens. The free breakfast was fantastic. I needed x-tra pillows due to a last minute foot injury and they were delivered immediately. Very friendly staff. Would recommend this hotel to anyone!!	
Jun 3 2004	Outstanding!	Le Square Phillips continues to live up to the stellar reviews. Great suites (large, nicely furnished, clean, very comfortable, and amazingly quiet), great staff (friendly, courteous, oh-so-accommodating), great location (close to Metro and to shopping on Rue St. Catherine and Underground Montreal, easy walk to Chinatown and Le Vieux Port), great amenities (excellent breakfast, lovely pool and rooftop deck -- don't miss the view!), great price. 	
Jun 3 2004	fantastic!	quick stay, one night, best hotel we've ever stayed at. was able to accomodate five people in one room. loved everything about it. extremely clean! very close to everything. reasonably priced. 	
Jun 1 2004	Thank You Tripadvisor!!!	All that is said is true... This is a great new hotel in the center of Downtown. Highly recommend.Thank all of you who contribute to this website and help everyone make the best educated selection.	
May 25 2004	What an experience!!!	Le Square Philllips was an exciting place to stay, you feel like you are right at home with the kind staff that are there for your every need. It was so close to we wanted to do from the underground malls to the nite life that is so well talked about. We will definately be staying there again.	
May 21 2004	great place	I spent a weekend in Montreal, and there wouldn't be a better place to stay. Must admit it was hard to find at first, not the most obvious hotel in Montreal. I think that is why it is so great. We went in April. I think if the weather would have been warmer, the outside deck would have been great. The only complaint was because the weather was so cold that weekend, the walk to the bars was a little far. The staff was great, very friendly. I will not stay anywhere else in Montreal. This is the place. We had 4 of us there, and we had plenty of space. The hotel for the price is incredible. Stay here, and you will have a great time. Full kitchen, bathroom was bigger then my bedroom at my current house. The pool was awesome, looking over Montreal at night. If you are looking for a party hotel, this isn't the place for you, but dont' get me wrong, you can still party. There just isn't half naked people running around like some of the other establishments in Montreal, Days Inn, etc......	
May 11 2004	Simply the Best.	This is a wonderful hotel: clean, quiet, beautifully furnished, courteous and helpful staff. The rooms are comfortable and have every convenience. The hotel is in a great downtown location. This hotel is a great bargain and a terrific place to stay-- don't tell anyone else!	
May 5 2004	Good value	What it lacks in excitement, it makes up for in value. Nice, large, rooms. Clean &amp; modern.A great place for a family trip (kitchen is a great feature). Good location. Not necessarily what I'd choose for a romantic getaway.	
Apr 29 2004	one more happy visitor	Le Square Phillips Hotel fully lived up to its excellent reviews on our two recent stays. The small lobby is inviting and contemporary, the staff most courteous, and the hotel is exceptionally well maintained. The accommodations are attractive and very large, made to seem even larger by the 16 foot ceilings, a feature from its previous life as a warehouse. You can get an excellent meal at Julians one block over, or a smoked meat sandwich just up the street. The Bay and the Montreal Underground shopping are a block away, and we walked from the art museum to Vieux Montreal with our hotel right in the middle of things. More money will buy you more ostentation, but not a better place to stay and enjoy this city.	
Apr 11 2004	Hard to believe but it lived up to the great reviews!	Spent 5 days in Montreal and 4 great nights at this wonderful hotel. First, the hotel is in a great location with easy access to the Metro (a couple of blocks to two different stations on two different lines). Second, the rooms are immaculate, well appointed and spacious. While we were there for vacation this would be a great place to stay if you were on business or had an extended stay. Third, the hotel staff is outstanding - friendly, helpful and courteous. Stephen, Antonin, Dominic - all of the concierge were awesome. Little things like having a bunch of umbrellas available to the guests is a very nice touch. Everyone was extremely fluent in English, overcoming one of our fears of traveling to this province. While we did not make it to the pool, it was nice to know that it was available. The Continental breakfast buffet was sufficient. Bottom line, the value was outstanding and the hotel was top notch...I highly recommend it to everyone.	
Apr 8 2004	Great stay	Fantastic hotel for longer stays or special diet needs. Each room is more like your own apartment. Full kitchen and super high ceilings. Only downfall is the gym - old equipment and very limited selection.	
Mar 25 2004	Square Phillips is the BEST!	The Square Phillips is by far the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at in Monteal. It is located right in the heart of the city, and is within walking distance to everything. The rooms are exceptionally clean and very big. The continental breakfast was very good. The staff were all pleasant and spoke very good English. Even though we were only 1 block from St. Catherine's street it was extremely quiet in the hotel, couldn't hear a thing from the outside. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 9 2004	Perfect Weekend	We booked this hotel just because of the reviews posted on here. Everything was so wonderful. We had a short walk from the train station. Hotel is in a nice area-some pretty churches near by &amp; shopping too. Staff was very polite &amp; helpful. They recommended a restaurant arund the corner &amp; it was also excellent. The one thing that really stood out about this hotel was that is was so CLEAN!!! I don't think I have ever stayed in a hotel as clean &amp; tidy as this one. Someone posted on here that there weren't any snacks in the room for the kids-well that shouldn't be a problem, there is a nice little cafe/store right off of the lobby. They had every snack right there &amp; beverages, also prepared foods &amp; they made sandwiches too. We can't wait to go back &amp; we have told several friends about this treasure!!	
Mar 2 2004	Fabulous	Located this hotel on the web. Spent 6 weeks in summer of 2003 July-Aug while on business. Found it to be clean, centrally located, beautiful rooms. Stayed in a one bed suite complete with a kitchen. The kitchen was great since one does not want to eat out every day for six weeks. Grocery store is a bit of a walk, but with a backpack and sneakers, I managed easily. I am currently online to book this hotel again for June 2004.	
Feb 18 2004	You must stay here	Fantastic. The photos on their webpage don't do it justice. We stayed in a one bedroom suite that was much bigger than my apartment. Everything in the room and hotel was new, modern, and classy. The staff all spoke English and were incredibly helpful and nice. The location can't be beat. Within walking distance of all the major shopping/eating areas downtown, but the hotel itself is not on a busy street which was nice. Highly recommend it and look forward to going back.	
Feb 15 2004	WOW- what a hotel!	An excellent property! Stayed for 5 nights (4 adults and 2 children), huge room, high ceilings, very clean and wonderful service (what more can you ask?). Located in downtown Montreal- steps to the US Consulate, train station and Underground. Only drawback were the pillows (too hard). Highly recommended. I will be sure to return to this hotel on my next visit to Montreal!	
Feb 5 2004	THe best hotel we have stayed at	My wife and I spent 4nights at Le Sqaure Phillips hotel in Montreal and we were more than pleased with the hotel and our room.WE stayed in a junior suite and it was enormous, not to mention beautiful.The location was without doubt close to everything downtown.WE were at the doorstep to Ste Catherine street and just minutes walk to the Bell centre(10min walk),Chinatown(10min walk),and Old montreal(15min walk)..THe subway was practically across the street, from which you can access the underground pathways.WE were very pleased with our stay and the staff were very friendly.THis hotel has to be the best kept secret in all of Montreal and the price was very reasonable.A suite such as ours would have cost us hundreds of dollars more at othere world class hotels.I highly recommend to anyone.	
Jan 18 2004	Very Pleased	My husband and I went to Montreal to celebrate his 60th birthday. From reading reviews posted here we chose the Le Square Phillips Hotel and Suites. It lived up to all the great reviews. It was clean, spacious, well located, and friendly. They went out of their way to help us. A great place to stay. We also ate at Gibbys, thanks to seeing it recommended here. It was also great. Thank you for all the helpful information.	
Jan 4 2004	Great stay!	We just returned from a stay at Le Square Phillip Hotel. It was spotless, very comfortable and the service was outstanding! Our studio room was a regular sized hotel room but had a stove, micro, large refrig. and even a dishwasher. For all of this and being in the heart of downtown, we paid a special holiday rate of under $100 USD per night.One drawback of trraveling over the New Years weekend was that nearly all stores were closed on Jan. 1-2.On a side note, a cab driver suggested dinner at Gibby's in Old Montreal and it was phenomenal! Great food, service, and ambiance. Make reservations early and ask for an upstairs table--WOW!	
Nov 5 2003	The LeSquare Phillips is just great	Stayed for 4 days late October 2003. Reasonable price. Appears to be new within the past year. Everything in the suite seems new. Good roomy bathroom great kitchen even with a dishwasher. Comfortable King size bed. Very bright and cheery in spite of the weather. Good Continental breakfast. Just half a block from the Bay and Sherbrooke Street. Good service by all departments in the hotel	
Oct 13 2003	Simplement le meilleur!	Le Square Phillips has to be the best downtown hotel among all worldclass city hotels! The reasonable price, the prime location, the room's ambience, and the courteous service are only some of the qualities that make this hotel the only place to come back to on future visits to Montreal.	
Oct 7 2003	Best place	Booked this hotel for one week stay after reviewing so many good reviews and we weren't disappointed. We stayed in a studio and it's very big unit with good size kitchen. Since this hotel was renovated 6 months back every thing looks new. Hotel is in a very good location and every thing is close by. Hotel staff are very courteous. You get free high speed internet connection ( I forgot to take network cable and hotel provided me that freely). Complimentary Breakfast buffet is OK (breads, muffins, bagels, cereals, oatmeal, juices, cofee and fruit salad, but no Donuts or Danish).I had a chance to see mini-suit at the famous Elizabeth hotel and I can my room looked better than that.	
Sep 16 2003	OUTSTANDING!!!!!!	We just got back from four days in Montreal. We stayed at this hotel because of the wonderful Trip Advisor reviews. I will definitely stay there again. The rooms were huge, clean, and well equiped. Nice clean bathrooms that were well supplied with towels and nice soaps and shampoo. We had a two bedroom suite. It was perfect. We fell inlove with Montreal, it was our first visit. The conceirge and entire staff were more than helpful. One night the conceirge overheard me talking to my family about where to have dinner that night. A few minutes later he telephoned me to tell me he had printed a few recommendations up for us, and brought them up to our room. The price was great and the location perfect. Out of all our travel, and we travel a great deal, Montreal and Le Square Phillips is our favorite.	
Sep 14 2003	The ONLY place to stay in Montreal!!!!		
Sep 9 2003	Le Square Phillips is Huge!!		
Sep 8 2003	Great hotel at a great price!		
Sep 1 2003	Don't Miss This!		
Aug 19 2003	What a FIND !!!		
Aug 6 2003	A real find!		
Aug 6 2003	This is the best kept secret......		
Jul 3 2003	Super Clean 		
Jun 22 2003	Luxurious Upscale Le Square Phillips Exceeds All Expectations!		
Jun 13 2003	Wonderful new hotel in Montreal		
Oct 7 2009 	super		
Aug 31 2009 	Génial !!!		
Aug 20 2009 	excellent		
Aug 16 2009 	Sehr großes Hotelzimmer im Zentrum Montreals		
Jun 24 2009 	????????????		
Jun 1 2009 	Excellent choix - un appartement en ville		
Mar 16 2009 	tout était parfait un excellent choix		
Mar 11 2009 	Parfait et très bien situé		
Oct 10 2008	Super Hotel im Herzen von Montreal		
Sep 21 2008 	bon rapport qualité prix		
Sep 14 2008 	vraiment bien		
Sep 8 2008 	Idéal		
Aug 25 2008	????stay???		
Aug 25 2008 	????????????????		
Aug 20 2008 	El mejor Hotel en el que me he alojado		
Sep 1 2007 	Un hôtel étonnant au coeur de Montréal		
May 11 2007	Très bonne adresse surtout pour un séjour prolongé		
May 4 2007 	insuperable encanto		
Nov 18 2006 	Excellent hôtel - Très bien situé		
May 3 2006 	Meilleur hôtel de Montréal !		
