Nov 3 2009 	Wonderful space and great location	This was our first visit to Montreal and we chose Le Saint Sulpice based on the glowing tripadvisor reviews. We were not disappointed! Our room was actually a small apartment--separate bedroom, living room w/electric fireplace, kitchenette, balcony overlooking the outdoor dining area and gardens and a large, extremely well appointed bath. Grohe fixtures, a beautiful molded glass vanity, large tub and an enormous shower. There was plenty of closet and drawer space, the furnishings were very nice and the queen bed was comfortable with high quality linens. As a coffee addict, I especially appreciated a large, 12 cup coffee maker supplied with a more than acceptable blend--no tiny pot dribbling out foul brown water like most hotels. The location of the hotel is superb--right next to Notre Dame, an easy walk to the Metro and in the heart of Old Montreal. My only quibbles: some of the walls were scarred in places and in need of repair and paint and the carpet was stained and frayed in spots. As a previous reviewer noted, pets are allowed in some of the rooms and I suspect the carpet issues can be attributed to that. All in all--a very pleasant experience in a wonderfully unique city.	
Oct 31 2009 	We had excellent service concierge help and a wonderful suite.	We recently spent two nights at the Saint Sulpice. The hotel is located in Old Montreal so we could walk everywhere. We had a three room suite (BR, LR/Kitchenette and Bath) that was like having our own apartment. There is a real neighborhood feel to the area and we were right around the corner from the Notre Dame Basilica. There are many restaurants in the area, plus we found a grocery store and a pharmacy within a 10 minute walk of the hotel. The staff was courteous and helpful and the service excellent. We plan to return to Montreal and will stay in the Saint-Sulpice.	
Oct 27 2009 	Elegant yet comfortable boutique hotel	Our family stayed for four nights in a one-bedroom suite at the Hôtel St-Sulpice while I was attending a conference at the Palais des Congrès. We were very pleased with the hotel. The front staff were exceptionally friendly and efficient. The lobby had a European charm, and the our room was very comfortable and modern-looking. (Although it was quite cozy for us, with a rambunctious toddler and a baby.) The hotel was very quiet, which was appreciated! The complimentary Internet service and nightly bottled water service were nice touches. The included continental breakfast was also good. The restaurant had excellent food at dinner, including a children's menu, although the service was average. The location can't be beat — adjacent to Notre Dame Basilica and very close to lots of lovely restaurants throughout Old Montreal.	
Oct 27 2009 	beautiful hotel with excellent staff in charming historic area	The suite was hugh, bathroom upscale, resturant and garden lovely. Although we had read mixed review on the breakfast--we enjoyed it and had good service both days. The front desk was really helpful and pleasant. The location is in the charming historic district-- within walking distance of excellent resturants, waterfront, and a block from the Notre- Dame Basilica (we toured it during the day and were glad we went back for the light show that night before we went out to dinner.) Not inexpensive but excellent value. We were there for a couple of days before leaving on a cruise and found it a wonderful place to start our vacation.	
Oct 23 2009 	This Is A Great Hotel Perfect Location 	The Hotel is very nice, the staff always friendly, very knowledgeable and helpful. We loved Montreal's old town and this hotel is situated perfectly right next to the Notre-Dame Basilica. Our room faced the street. We were on the third floor and enjoyed opening the windows to hear the music of church bells chiming from the Basilica. While the windows were closed the room was very quiet, no street noise whatsoever could be heard. The guest floors of the hotel were very quiet. Not once during our four night stay could we hear noise from other guests. Our's was a superior loft style suite and the murphy bed slept comfortably. Having breakfast included in the rate is an added bonus and it contained a decent selection. Bathrooms were much nicer than the average hotel with oversized shower and separate tub. The L'Occitane toiletries were the perfect touch and replenished daily. The room itself was nicely appointed. All in all you can't go wrong with Le Saint-Sulpice if you're looking for a nice four star hotel in the old town that gives you a unique Montreal touch.I would've given Le Saint-Sulpice a five star rating but was put off we were placed in what appeared to be a pet inclusive suite. No mention of this was made at check in, but there was a &quot;pet in-suite&quot; sign hanging from the door along with the do not disturb sign. It was noticeable pets had stayed here because the carpets and floors were more soiled than they should've been. We had friends staying in the hotel while we were there and their room did not have this sign. It was obvious theirs was not a pet suite just by comparing the carpet in the two suites. Their suite was immaculate. Ours maintained an acceptable level of cleanliness, but I was dissapointed and nearly requested a different room. That was quickly forgotten because everything else about this hotel was perfect. Le Saint-Sulpice gets a solid four stars from me. Would stay here again.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great Choice	Vacation with 3 sisters and Mom for Mother's Day. The only place I could find where the suite could accomodate 4 of us nicely. Clean, bright, and comfortable plus and it is right in the Old City (which was good for my mother). There outdoor dining area was great for lunch! Good staff, too.	
Oct 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We spent 3 nights over Columbus Day at this hotel. It was excellent. The location can't be beat--the hotel is right next to Notre-Dame Basilica. We had a suite with a private bedroom and a living room. The room was well decorated and the hotel was well maintained. We were very happy about Le Saint-Sulpice.Montreal is well worth visiting. The drive from the New York City metropolitan area took about 5 1/2 hours. The leaves were changing as we drove through the Adirondacks. It is easy and safe to walk in Montreal, and we had no problems driving and parking. The restaurants are excellent. We took the official tour of Vieux Montreal, visited Pointe-à-Callière (the Museum of Archeology), Jardins Botanique and Mont Royal Park. In sum, Saint-Sulpice is an excellent hotel in an excellent city.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great honeymoon hotel	We stayed at Le Saint-Sulpice for the first half of our honeymoon. The value was incredible! The room was huge and the location can't be beat. We were able to walk almost everywhere we wanted to go. I've read others complaints about the complicated breakfast process but my husband and I never had any issues. We thought it was perfectly fine, especially considering the room rate. We had a wonderful dinner at S. The thing that stood out most about the hotel was the service--it was impeccable! The concierge was very attentive and friendly. For example, when our luggage was left behind by our airline and we weren't likely to get it delivered to the hotel until 2:00 in the morning, the concierge offered to bring us complimentary toiletries and carefully checked our preferences for contacting us when it arrived. I was exhausted by that time and so greatful for their help.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Anniversary get away...	Being a hotelier myself, I was impressed with the hotel and it's staff. Very nice room with great views. Staff was friendly and very helpful. A beautiful hotel in old Montreal.	
Oct 6 2009 	Fantastic!	We loved this hotel. The location, friendliness of staff, and room were everything we could have asked for. This was our first trip to Montreal but will not be our last! The staff knows Montreal well and anyone you ask is more than happy to recommend things to do, places to see or restaurants to visit. Everything else has been said by others so no need to again state all the details of a stay here. Highly recommend.	
Sep 30 2009 	The best place to be	We spent 4 days at Le Saint-Sulpice in Old Montreal and were thrilled with our visit. The location is fantastic, right in the middle of everything in Old Montreal; right behind Notre Dame and a short stroll to many restaurants and the park along the waterfront. Only two blocks to the metro, which can take you just about anywhere in the City.We were upgraded to a suite, which was bright, clean, comfortable and roomy with a sofa, easy chair, desk. There is a kitchenette area with stove, microwave, refrig and stocked with dishes, pans and glassware. The view out the windows (which can be opened - a plus) looks like my memory of France, with cobblestone streets and old buildings.The staff is professional, friendly and efficient. I would return in a heartbeat and am recommending this to you. It made our trip to Montreal so much better!	
Sep 29 2009 	Great option for Vieux Fort	I stayed here two nights with eight other friends in honor of a friend's bachelorette &quot;weekend&quot;. We were in three rooms which comfortably slept three people per suite with everyone having their own bed. Turn down service was excellent in converting the murphy beds and pull out couches into sleep ready beds each night. The location is perfect for sites in the old town, although construction in the area meant traffic could be a real pain. The front desk was quite helpful with directions and suggestions for food and drink. The compimentary breakfast was good, but I'll admit I've had better. It mostly concentrated on continental selections although hot food was available. I have already recommended this hotel to other friends visiting Montreal.	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We arrived early and stored our luggage with the desk clerk. When we returned later that afternoon the room was not ready so they upgraded us to a suite at no extra charge. The room was large, clean and quiet.The staff was extremely friendly and professional. The evening turndown service provided the next day's weather report along with some complimentary bottled water for the hot days ahead.The only weird thing was the overwhelming smell of stale perfume in the lobby. It was very distracting. aside from that, I would stay there again!	
Sep 7 2009 	The quality and personal touches make it worth while	The Saint Sulpice Hotel was an excellent choice for us in Montreal. We stayed for a week with a 6 year old child.The location was excellent, right in the old town and close to the Congress Centre and Metro station. The lobby was sophisticated and pleasant. The staff were friendly and helpful. The breakfast was fresh and tasty and the waiting staff very obliging and friendly. Our daughter was made welcome. We found the suite comfortable and bright. The beds were excellent in terms of support, pillows and linen with plenty of storage space and cooking facilities.The hotel delivers those personal touches and little details that take it beyond the usual slick sophisticated but ultimately a bit bland international chains.	
Sep 1 2009 	You'll love Hotel le St. Sulpice	My husband and daughter were very pleased with the hotel le St. Sulpice. We chose is because it offered a suite with an enclosed bedroom, so we had some privacy. We were delighted with the decor, balcony, excellent service, free breakfast and terrific location. It is very close to the cathedral and an easy walk to Vieux Montreal shops and restaurants. I would go back to Montreal just to stay there again - everything was perfect!!!I think it would be as good a choice for business travelers as it is for our family. There were also many couples of various ages who seemed relaxed and happy. Isn't that how it should be?	
Sep 1 2009	Can't wait to return to St. Sulpice hotel in Montreal	My husband and daughter (age 14) spent two nights at the Hotel St. Sulpice in Montreal. The hotel is located in Old Montreal and very close to the Cathedral. We chose the hotel because it offered a suite with an enclosed bedroom so we could have privacy. We were delighted with the tastefully decorated room, comfortable bed &amp; comfortable enough pullout sofa; with the quaint balcony, and extremely professional service at the front desk. We also received free breakfast for 2 each morning and that was delicious too. I would go back to this hotel in a heartbeat. Another plus, the hotel lobby had a subtle but nice fragrance - verbena, I think. Really nice. This hotel would be equally good for business travelers, families with older children and friends on a weekend shopping/cultural trip. You can walk to the shops and restaurants of Old Montreal. Did I miss anything? Go there!!The cathedral &quot;light show was kinda, okay very, hokey but still informative. Don't get me started on the bus tour....skip that.	
Aug 26 2009 	Lovely hotel in a terrific location	I recently traveled to Montreal for the first time with my 67 year old mother and my 11 year old son and we were all very, very pleased with our stay at Le St.-Sulpice. Our room (deluxe queen suite) was very large and lovely and extremely quiet and a real bargain at around $200/night, nice Continental breakfast included. I'm not generally a fan of contemporary styling, but this is a truly beautiful hotel - the decor is warm and welcoming, it's impeccably maintained, and the contemporary notes blend seamlessly with the ancient elements. The hotel is right in the heart of Old Montreal, between the Science Museum and Notre Dame, and there are restaurants and attractions galore within blocks. Having a small refrigerator (with real creamer) and a cabinet stocked with plates was a very nice touch, as was the morning paper and the nightly note with the weather forecast (with temps in both Centigrade and Fahrenheit.) I'm sure we would have loved the fireplace had it not been very hot during our stay! As it was, our view over the garden below was very nice.The hotel staff was great - everyone was very polite and welcoming, and we weren't made to feel uncomfortable at all that we only spoke English. The nearest metro station is only a few blocks away but is both up and down a reasonably steep hill with cobblestone streets - it might be a little rugged for the mobility-challenged.The one awkward thing about the room was the use of frosted glass in the bedroom, both between the bedroom and the bathroom and between the bedroom and the living room - it was impossible to turn on a light in the bathroom or open the shades in the living room without waking whoever was in the bedroom. This was only a minor issue for us, though, and wouldn't keep us from returning to Le Saint in the future.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Location room breakfast - I'd stay again!	Le Saint-Sulpice is located in Old Montreal - a great location for walking to Chinatown, several museums, and the Quays of the Old Ports of Montreal. The hotel is small, and our room was perfect for our stay. We had a refrigerator, sink, dishes, and stove top. The hotel's stay includes a breakfast in the hotel's dining room. It includes breads, muffins, cereal, tons of fruit, great coffee, juice, and ambiance. If you want eggs, you will pay an additional $10. We stayed one week, and on the last night, a maid walked in our room with a huge bottle of water. We were leaving the next morning via plane, so we left the bottle. I'm not sure why we didn't get that water during our stay. One oddity was that we asked the front desk to call a taxi for us to leave at 5 AM for the airport. When we got downstairs, there was no taxi, so my husband walked to the end of the block and flagged one down. The main valet kept apologizing. Odd -	
Aug 20 2009 	Uneven at best	Company corporate rate caused me to stay there many times over the past 2 years. Have found it uneven in service and cleanliness. Often there is no one at the desk at night or they're understaffed. Room and laundry service are hit or miss. Even tried to make up for past troubles (lost my laundry for a day) by giving me a special edible treat, which turned out to be spoiled!Rooms are soulless, and have found the previous guests garbage or crusty washcloth still in the room upon arrival on more than one occasion. There are many better places in Montreal.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great Hotel central location	Outstanding hotel with large, inviting rooms. The sofa bed in our room comfortably slept two &quot;tween&quot; children. Great location in Old Montreal. Our room was adjacent to Rue St Paul so it was a bit noisy on a Friday/Saturday night. If you need a quite room, ask for a room on the courtyard.	
Aug 5 2009 	Treated like Royalty	The best part of this hotel is the staff. We were greeted by the ubiquitous doorman and all staff every time we entered the hotel. We felt as if we were the most important guests in the hotel and the staff were constantly concerned about our needs. The breakfast was a lavish buffet and again the wait staff was outstanding This is a beautiful hotel in the old part of Montreal and close to good restaurants, art galleries, and shopping. The room was luxurious, beautifully appointed, comfortable and spotless. It is just around the corner from a major theater and the cathedral and the river. It is short cab ride to the cultural center where they have the symphony, ballet and etc. The metro station is about a 10 minute walk.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great location in Old Montreal	My husband and I enjoyed our stay at Le Saint--Sulpice very much. It 's in an ideal location just behind the Notre-Dame Basilica and just a five minute walk to the nearest Metro station (Place-d'Armes) or bus stop.We enjoyed that the rooms have a little kitchenette as the first day we went to the Jean Talon Market to buy salami, baguette, cheese, fresh fruits, and wine. The room came equipped with everything we needed to have an enjoyable dinner in front of the fireplace (dishes, utensils, wine glasses, etc--they even have microwave, refrigerator, and two burner stove). The included continental breakfast was great as well and we had good service each morning. Otherwise, we didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, but we did have some enjoyable meals just a few minutes walk from the hotel (Resident, Olive and Gourmando, Europea Espace).When we first arrived, our toilet made a loud leaking noise every five minutes, so we called down and a service man was in our room within a few minutes. He was very friendly and helpful and did his best to fix it. After he left, it started leaking maybe every 10 minutes, but we weren't going to complain about it. When we got back to our room from dinner that night we realized that it was no longer leaking. We assume that the service man came back to our room to fix it when we weren't there because it was fine for the remainder of our stay. If management is reading this--we are very appreciative of his help!The only reason I'm not giving St. Sulpice the full five stars is, while still nice, the rooms could stand for new carpet and paint and possibly new televisions. Also, the first towel I picked up had some long strands of hair stuck to it, which made me hesitant about the cleanliness of the hotel, but that was my only negative experience.	
Aug 1 2009 	very comfortable	it was a very nice experience. Beautiful place, comfortable rooms, excelent location.	
Jul 27 2009 	Luxury At An Excellent Price	This hotel is beautiful, luxurious, and in an excellent location! Staff was amazingly helpful and friendly. The location was perfect -- directly behind Notre Dame and walking distance from nearly anything! The room was spacious, we loved the bathroom and fireplace. The hotel only has queen beds, which were cozy. Only negative was the continental breakfast , which was just so-so and the upgrade to hot for $9 was ridiculous.	
Jul 25 2009 	My ideal boutique hotel experience	I was a little nervous about staying at the Hotel Le Saint-Sulpice when we couldn't drive on the street where the hotel was located because of construction. I had read on TripAdvisor that there was work going on in front of the hotel, but I had thought it would have been finished by late July. But my fears were quickly allayed by the front desk staff, who, even though our room was not yet ready, made sure we were taken care of -- and upgraded us to a suite in the quieter back part of the hotel. (We had requested a quiet room. We also mentioned we were celebrating our 16th wedding anniversary, which seemed to impress the young woman at the front desk.)After going for a long walk around the Vieux Port, we returned to find our room ready. And what a room! It was fantastique! One of the nicest rooms we have EVER stayed in -- and we have stayed in several four- and five-star properties around the world. Not only was the room quiet, it was good sized, clean, chic, and very comfortable. I don't typically sleep well on the road, but I slept wonderfully at the Hotel Le Saint-Sulpice. Didn't even need to wear my ear plugs or put on my sleep mask. Equally wonderful was the service we received during our three days at the Hotel Le Saint-Sulpice. From the front desk to the concierge, Etienne, to the valets to housekeeping was polite, professional, and eager to please.Also, the breakfasts. Oo la la! There were fresh homemade (?) croissants and pain au chocolat every morning, which were delicious, as well as fresh fruit, cheese, yogurt and cereal, bread to toast, and probably a few things I am leaving out. They also provided wonderful fresh-squeezed orange juice and the best hotel decaf I have ever tasted.Next time we go back to Montreal -- and there will be a next time -- we will definitely be staying at Hotel Le Saint-Sulpice again.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Spot in Old Montreal	Just got back from a 5 day stay at Le Saint-Sulpice, and couldn't be happier with the hotel. The staff was very accommodating and friendly and it was wonderful to come back what is basically an apartment instead of a bedroom with a chair or two. The hotel is perfectly located in old Montreal down the block from Notre Dame and within a short walk of the downtown area. Breakfast was ample, it included fruit, cereal, yogurt, cheeses, croissants, sweet rolls, toast, nuts juices, and coffee or tea, if you wanted an American breakfast including eggs, bacon and potatoes it was $7.00 extra. We certainly enjoyed Montreal, there was a lot to do and the people there were exceptionally friendly.	
Jun 28 2009 	Nice place to stay in the old part of Montreal	We stayed for 4 nights at this hotel--staff was helpful ! Room was comfortable. Good central location mid in the romantic old Montreal, close to great restaurants and easy to get around town. Concierge helpful in arranging side trips and restaurant recommendations. All in all a good stay	
Jun 23 2009 	Very comfortable hospitable and clean...	Lovely Hotel, nice staff, very mannerly and accomodating... We were on Honeymoon and were given a really nice room... the rooms were exceptionally clean. There were some works going on on the road at the entrance, but staff did anything they could to accomodate and help... it wasnt a problem. in fact the new cobbled streetscape is sure to make the place really beautiful, when finished... is probably already finished in fact! Montreal is a beautul place, especially area around the hotel... it was so central! we were seconds away from gastronomical heaven! and everything was a skip and a hop away.... great massage place Zazen, just round corner!!! really relaxing!anyway, to make a long story short... we can recomend...if I was to say there was any downsides?? mmm, was some confusion over being charged twice for breakfast that was already supposed to have been included in room price, when got it by room service!?!? air conditioning units are qute noisy on upper floor... but tolerable enough...overall, I believe we got what we paid for! oh and the restauraunt is fantastic, albeit, pricey... but seriously great steak though!! ; )	
Jun 23 2009 	Overall a Great Hotel!	Le Saint-Sulpice offered an enjoyable stay for our trip to Montréal. The hotel was a bit hard to find, and parking was difficult because they were repairing the street in front of the hotel. Otherwise, the staff that checked us in was extremely helpful and spoke very good English. Our room was quite spacious for a city hotel and consisted of a queen bed and separate living room, which contained a pull-out sofa. It also had a small kitchenette with a stove, microwave, and coffee maker. In general, the room was very clean. The hotel was in close proximity to several good attractions, such as the Notre-Dame Basilica and the Old Port. Overall, the room was a great value for what we paid. The rooms, cleanliness, and service were definitely the best features of this hotel.	
Jun 17 2009 	Very nice suite rooms	Stayed here during a conference in Montreal. Very central and close to old town and restaurants. Breakfast good - excellent croissants!! Very big suite, free wi fi, overall very happy with hotel.	
Jun 12 2009 	Great Hotel!	I cannot say enough about this hotel. We stay 5 nights. The room was one of the best I have ever stayed in. It had a separate bedroom including robes. The bathroom had a tub and a separate huge walk in shower. Lots of storage space in hall, bedroom and living room. Flat screen TV (not too many English language stations but, its Montreal), nice little balcony and even an electric fireplace. The staff was friendly and helpful to us. Only ate at the hotel restaurant for breakfast that was included for the price. The buffet was ok for the price (free) and if you wanted to have the hot items, it was only $5 dollars more. The only negative I can think of is the city is installing cobblestones on the street outside and it might be a bit noise if your room faced the street. Our room did not and we did not hear anything at night including flushing toilets or anything else.The hotel is right behind Norte Dame church is close to lots of shopping and restaurants. (Please go to Boris Bistro - order the duck risotto - maybe the best meal I have every had)	
Jun 7 2009 	Beautiful convenient great location but customer service needs help!	Loved the location and I would stay in the Old Montreal District again, but would probably try a different location because I was a little insulted but some of the staff members at the Le Saint Sulpice. Call sensitive but if we are going to a 4 star hotel, then w expect the staff to offer the same four star customer service. Entering and exiting the hotel, the doorman(Charles) rarely offer a greeting. We have been here for 5 days, the staff should by now recognize us by now, not even a &quot;how is your stay here at the Le Saint Sulpice&quot;. At one time we asked that our room be cleaned while we were out, when we returned, obviously zero communication, the room was still not cleaned. Out in front of the hotel the streets were a mess, construction was going on, unrelated to the hotel, but it was not handicap fdriendly and we struggled to manouver our wheelchair. The question would I recommend the hotel to a friend, yes. for its convenience. I will acknowledge the wait staff in the dining room,(Rene) very nice.	
Jun 2 2009 	4 Star...in a French sort of way	Really a very nice, competent hotel albeit the 4* classification should be calibrated on a &quot;French scale&quot;. Often not mentioned but the location is second to none. The staff were helpful but under no circumstances friendly/engaging...at least for Anglophiles. The room (we had a better-than-average suite) was also very adequate, spacious and well equipped...although devoid of any real opulence. Breakfast is pretty good although way and by far the most 'cheap experience' is a sign stating that a cooked breakfast is CAD$ 4 (EUR 2.50) extra!!..this is exacerbated by a whole dialogue with the hostess about your entitlement to a &quot;cold or hot breakfast&quot;. Fine for the YMCA but not a 4* hotel in Old Town Montreal.	
May 19 2009 	Amazing Weekend!	We had the pleasure of travelling to Montreal for the weekend and stayed at Le Saint-Sulpice. We had researched different hotels to stay at and chose this one based on the location and reputation it presented. We were amazed at the beauty of the hotel with the gardens and fresh scent as we walked in to the hotel. We were greated with a smile and were treated like royalty throughout the weekend. Our rooms were adjoined, as we were seven women travelling together for a girl's weekend pleasure trip. The rooms were large, beautiful and perfect for our needs. We really cannot say enough about this hotel. I plan to return in the fall with my husband for a romantic weekend. Thank you!	
Apr 26 2009 	Marvelous suprise!!	We were in town for a conference and the conference hotels were all full. What luck that turned out to be!! Le Saint-Sulpice was spectacular in every regard. We walked in (late) to the best smelling lobby I've ever been in, and were told we had been upgraded to a one-bedroom suite. The room was large, beautifully appointed, and very functional, with L'Occitane toilettries (my favorite!!) and all the amenities you could want. The staff was exceptionally nice and very attentive to our every need. The location cannot be beat--in old town Montreal just two blocks from a great running trail along the old pier.Only suggestions for improvement would be wireless internet (it is wired, which is fine for one but not when two are sharing a room) and a slightly nicer breakfast. It was fine, but not nearly as fancy and refined as the rest of the hotel. Definitely check out the restaurant for dinner. The trio that plays during dinner was fantastic, the staff was wonderful, and the food was just out of this world.	
Apr 22 2009 	A great hotel that will exceed your hopes and expectations.	Really, a wonderful hotel. In four nights we kept waiting to find SOMETHING that would disappoint us, but never did. From the first Bon jour! as we pulled up out front, we were greeted time and again not with a robotic mumble but with a genuinely warm greeting, as if from old friends. Lobby was stylish without being weird, as was most of Montreal. Comfortable, relaxed. And the room - mon dieu! (Pardon the attempts at french - Montreal will do that to you!) Absolutely gorgeous suite with entrance including closet and a wonderfully handy little table to drop your keys, maps, change etc, then a well equipped kitchenette with microwave, refrigerator, stove, etc. Incidentally, we have stayed at some 5 star resorts (when we can catch a great bargain) all over North America and never before have we had a full sized coffee maker with TEN cups of great french roast every morning. Anway, from the kitchenette you enter the living room with a pull out couch, fireplace, and flat screen tv. Separate bedroom had a wonderfully comfortable bed with thick down comforter and another flat screen. With doors to bedroom closed was as quiet as our own country home - we slept like babies! Bathroom was beautiful with luxurious towels, great soaps and lotions, very elegant glass sink and extra large (two person!) shower stall/deep bath tub. Location is just behind the extraordinary Notre-Dame cathedral, in the heart of Old Montreal, with tons of stuff immediately nearby and a subway station two blocks away. I swear if I could have justified it, I would have made reservations for our next stay when I was checking out this last time!	
Apr 6 2009 	Grand S package	I took this 'Grand S package'. I am from Montreal area and wanted to take my girlfriend on a romantic stay this weekend (friday march 3rd to saturday). Package includes diner, one night in a superior suite, breakfast and two one-hour massage.A couple of hours before our arrival someone from the hotel called us to tell us one of the massotherapist called sick and would not be available. Ask for a raincheck but could not get it. Reason : &quot;it's part of the package and cannot be taken on a different day&quot;!!!! Strike one!On our arrival, I discovered that I had to pay $25 more for parking. Knowing the area, believe me, you better pay. They know it too! Strike two.Breakfast next morning was continental. That I already knew. Sad thing is that one of the staff almost completely ignored us. I just played a little test and did not say a word just to see how long it would take them to realize that we had nothing to drink... took them almost half an hour! Strike three!Room was clean and nice. Bed not so comfortable... but for a price near $500 dollars, not worth it!	
Apr 6 2009 	Perfect spot in Old Montreal	I just returned from a trip with a family of four - two adults and two teenagers. We had a room with a murphy bed and pull-out couch in addition to the separate bedroom. The kids used the murphy bed, which was very comfortable - a real mattress on it. Suite was spacious and service excellent. Continental breakfast is great - fresh croissants, cheeses, fresh fruit, muesli; kids ordered french toast a la carte from the menu. Hotel just next to Rue St. Paul, famous street in Old Montreal and a short walk to the waterfront. We will definitely return to Montreal and stay here again.	
Apr 1 2009 	What a great value...a fantastic hotel with superior service.	Based on the rate I was quoted, I was so pleasantly surprised by the Saint Sulpice upon arrival. The Old Montreal location was excellent, tucked behind Basilica Notre Dame and just a 5-minute walk to the Metro. The hotel itself is lovely, from the large, welcoming lobby to the comfortable bar/restaurant. Our room was actually more like a one-bedroom apartment–well appointed and, most important, very clean. (The only odd thing was the frosted window between the bathroom and bedroom; to allow light in, I'm sure, but I would have preferred more privacy. When the light was on, it lit the bedroom like a beacon.) Fabulous L'Occitane bath products, a soaking tub with separate shower, handy kitchenette area, and a quiet room (that I had requested) overlooking a courtyard. And with a lovely continental breakfast included, this hotel was an outstanding value. Plus, I can not say enough about the staff–friendly, helpful and welcoming. We will definitely return.	
Mar 27 2009 	Beautiful Luxurious...	What a wonderful property! This hotel is located in Old Montreal, bunches of unique restaurants and old stone streets. The hotel is right behind the Basilica of Notre Dame, as well, which is also very deserving of attention. St. Sulpice staff were extremely helpful, recommended great places to eat. The rooms featured a separate bedroom from the living area. The breakfast buffet was decent, but no hot food is included in your stay. Internet is included and a free business center lets you print as needed. Overall, the rooms were just beautiful and the staff allow for a relaxing stay by taking care of everything they can... including a card placed on your bed to tell you the next day's weather!	
Jan 20 2009 	Stop looking - Stay here	You can't go wrong by choosing this lovely hotel. Great old town location. Friendly, helpfull staff. Excellent rooms. What more can I say?	
Jan 8 2009 	A real find	This hotel is amazing. It's right in old Montreal so you can hear the clip clop of horses down the street. The staff is terrific, very friendly and efficient. The concierge was very helpful and set up a wonderful New year's eve dinner for us. The best thing about the Saint-Suplice are the rooms. Real fireplaces, small kitchenettes and duvet comforters make it feel like your own little apartment. You can't go wrong here.	
Dec 12 2008 	Great place	Overall, we couldn't have asked for more from Le Saint-Sulpice. The room was spacious, clean, and had all the modern amenities...stove, sink, separate living room and bedroom (each with a television), large tiled shower and sepate bath. We had two dogs with us and the staff provided great service. We were welcomed curbside by the friendliest of gents who was super with the pets and provided us with all the information that we needed. Having dogs is always tricky when traveling, but again, the staff was exceptionally accomodating. When we inquired about the best local restaurants, the staff was honest (and not pushing their own place) and guided us well. Right in the heart of old Montreal....close to the water and walking distance to everything. Courtyard-side was worth the small extra charge. The dog-friendly room was out of the way of the rest of the patrons which allowed us to take them in and out without bothering others, but quality of the room wasn't compromised because of the dog's presence. Loved the staff, loved the location, loved the room. Great place!	
Nov 30 2008 	Lackluster Service	The staff servicing the rooms provided a friendlier service than those at the front desk.The Front Desk and Concierge Staff service were lackluster at best. There was no attempt at any friendly welcome nor an extension of any service.The concierge's recommendation for a restaurant that served vegetarian food was to &quot;walk down the street and look at the menu's at each restaurant!The fridge in the room reeked of spilled beer and the freezer section was in dire need of defrosting!The buffet breakfast was a rip off - cold food (croissants with very cold centers) and very sad looking scrambled eggs and sausage. Have breakfast at any of the nearby cafe's and save yourself the frustration!The location was good although on a busy street so be prepared for noisy street traffic and pedestrians until around 2.30am !!	
Nov 17 2008 	Great location/Great Hotel	We've stayed in a few hotels in Old Montreal, and there are several good ones to choose from - the Saint Sulpice is consistently a winner. The rooms are spacious and very nicely decorated. The staff are available, helpful and friendly. They'll even help you order take-out at 2am. The location is perfect for touring Old Montreal and for accessing the rest of the city. The hotel allows pets, but as a guest you would not know this. We do plan to use this service during a future stay. The only drawback 'could' be the set-up in the room. Not sure about other rooms, but for both of our visits this year, the tv is not easily visable from the bed. It is at the other end of the room across from the couch - on an angle from the bed. And there are no bedside tables. There are cabinets at the sides of the built-in bed, but these have doors and are not easily accessible. Other than that, it's perfect.	
Oct 30 2008 	Couldn't ask for more!	We stayed here for our second anniversary for three nights. It was the most incredible weekend we've ever had. The hotel is beautiful, right in the heart of Old Montreal. We were within walking distance from most everything we wanted to do. The room was chic, minimalist, and clean. The bathroom had a big soaking tub, along with a shower stall, and being able to take a nice long bubble bath was a luxury I didn't expect. We also had a gas fireplace in the room, although we didn't use it much. The staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel is located in the shadows of Notre Dame, and across the street is a cute little cupcake shop!! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a romantic getaway.	
Oct 8 2008 	Stay at Le Saint-Sulpice!	My husband &amp; I decided to take a mini-honeymoon to Montreal. Neither of us have ever been to Montreal before. We were both very pleased with our experience at Le Saint Sulpice. It is a block away from one of the main streets in Old Montreal, Rue Saint Paul, and is located on the same block as Notre Dame Basilica. There are also a ton of restaurants, cafes, shops, and galleries within walking distance.The hotel was very clean and had a modern, contemporary feel. Our suite had a cozy apartment feel, but was spacious. The bathrooms had both a shower stall &amp; very large tub. The staff was very hospitable, especially the concierge. Everyone was extremely friendly, helpful, and fluent in both French &amp; English.We didn't eat at the restaurant within the hotel with exception of breakfast which was included in our package. It was a hot breakfast but didn't vary from day to day (no big deal).The only complaint, which is trivial, was scheduling spa services. One of the main reasons why I booked this hotel was the spa located within the hotel. However, the massage therapists had to be contacted by the front desk personnel in order to make the appointment, and it took at least 3 requests to the front desk before they were able to confirm an appointment for me. It was a minor hassle, but I definitely had to be persistent.There is one other thing that I wanted to note. It did not necessarily bother me, but I found it unusual...on 2 of the 3 days of our stay, a staff member entered our hotel room unannounced mid-day to drop off bottles of water. I appreciated the bottles of water, but the woman entered the room w/o knocking both days. On one of the days, my husband and I were napping, so I was a little startled when I heard another voice in the room suddenly. So, if you plan on considering Le Saint Sulpice (and I strongly recommend it), just be forewarned.Just another recommendation regardless of where you decide to stay, definitely make it a point to eat at the Bonaparte restaurant. It is only a block away from the hotel and it is well worth it! Very romantic and fantastic food!	
Sep 10 2008 	Great place to stay in Montreal	We were very happy with the Saint Sulpice. We stayed in a one bedroom suite and it was VERY large. We were on the 4th floor, overlooking the street and it was a lovely view. Room was clean, and comfortable. Above average. The lobby and courtyard area were absolutely lovely! Also liked the gym. The location is excellent for sight-seeing as well.We found everyone at Saint Sulpice to be extremely nice! We arrived early, but our room was ready. The staff were consistently friendly and helpful during our stay. After we left, we were charged for an umbrella that we did not take. But I contacted the hotel and they were responsive and removed the charge without a fuss. Overall we found the service was excellent and everyone who worked there was very pleasant to deal with. The continental breakfast was fine, but nothing amazing. It was included in rate.We would certainly stay here again. A great hotel.	
Sep 3 2008 	Try another hotel in Montreal	We were here for 6 nights in August 2008. This was our 43rd wedding anniversary and first trip to Montreal. We loved the city and the warm, friendly people. Staying in the older part of town feels like Europe, not North America and the people seem more like the French in Normandy or Britany, where they like Americans, than like Canadians.The hotel is ok, all suites and the staff are great. The concierge was especially outstanding (Etienne) and the others were very accommodating, helpful and friendly. No eyerolls, or other obnoxious behavior.Our room had obviously had someone smoking in it before we moved in and they were never able to remove the odor. The carpet was not very clean, no slippers furnished by the hotel and the very nice bathrobes were very rough feeling and so were the towels. The bathroom was small, with no separate shower and tub as the advertising had led us to believe. The furnishings in all that space devoted to LR and Kitchen was sparsely furnished and not very comfortable to lounge in at night. The TV was a flat screen but no HD cable so lousy picture. Bed was a Queen (No Kings in the hotel) and not very comfortable for two tall people. Breakfast was not included in our rate, as Expedia had led us to expect (&quot;Oh, it's your anniversary? We'll ask the hotel to include breakfast-they usually do&quot;) None of that and the hotel swears that they NEVER include breakfast in Expedia bookings. Breakfast was more than $30 for two. Our guidebook discouraged the use of the hotel restaurant so we never ate there for dinner. Montreal is full of outstanding restaurants, though most are New York pricey, given the current rate of exchange (C1.06 for a US 1.00).Their business center is way too small (only 1 PC) but what they have is excellent. Just may require considerable wait time to check your email. Great internet speed and a first class printer.We would look at other hotels in the same part of town, which include breakfast in the rate but if you get a &quot;deal&quot; the St. Sulpice is okay. It may not be an option much longer since the owner is selling the individual rooms as &quot;condominiums&quot; and will operate/mange it for the &quot;new&quot; owners. We didn't inquire as to how much they're getting for room/suite ownership.	
Aug 31 2008 	Ideal for location quality and price in Old Montreal	I traveled to Montreal with my son, aged 12. Le Saint-Sulpice was perfect! The location was ideal: it's right up the road from the Science Center and lots of other attractions suitable for a pre-teen, including the Amphi Bus, the Labyrinth and Segway rental at Shed 16, plus the fantastic Pointe a Calliere Museum of Archeology and History. The room was excellent: the bedroom and sitting area were separate and the sofa converted to an extra bed, so we each had our own 'room'. The linens were crisp and clean, and the beds were extremely comfortable (even the sofabed that I slept in). Our 4th-floor room looked out onto the courtyard, and we had quiet even when we opened our extra-large window. The kitchenette was nothing more than an electric range atop a minibar, but the cabinets were stocked with pots, pans, and cutlery, so I could fix the requisite ramen noodle bedtime snack for my ever-ravenous boy. The price was great: I did the whole package on Travelocity but I figured the room rate at $199 a night, and there were no hidden fees or taxes. Finally, the service was excellent: none of the staff looked older than 25 (okay, maybe I'm getting old) but they were attentive, helpful, and knowledgeable. I selected Le St Sulpice based on the reviews I found on TripAdvisor, and in thanks to those reviewers I am adding my own positive feedback on this site. You won't go wrong with this hotel - have fun in Montreal!	
Aug 22 2008	Charming hotel in great location	This hotel was lovely and very accommodating. It is located in Vieux Montreal which is a good tourist destination to stay in. The hotel is surrounded by art galleries, tourist shops, and restaurants which offer table d'hote meals where you can get an appetizer, entree, drink, and dessert for one price. Le Saint Sulpice is also by the water which is a nice area to stroll through. In addition, the hotel is located a few blocks from the Metro which can get you downtown. In my opinion, the only 2 places to stay in Montreal when visiting would be either the old town or downtown.The suite, I stayed in a deluxe suite, was nice and luxurious. My only complaint would be the size of the room for the bedroom which was a little small, but then again you're just sleeping in that room. Also, in the living room area, I had to stand up closer to the television for the remote control to work. I stayed on the first floor which was kinda strange since the outdoor dining service was outside my window. A white curtain blocked the inside view of my suite, but it was strange to not have the curtain opened most of the time.I enjoyed staying at this hotel despite the mediocre free breakfast which charged $4+ for hot food such as bacon and ham which weren't even cooked that well. The service is good though especially if you're only fluent in English, like myself. The staff was courteous and very helpful.	
Aug 21 2008 	Tres Fantastiique!	Girls weekend+! Had a suite facing courtyard (quiet). Balcony was important to us as it was summer and the weather was suitable to sit on deck and enjoy the breeze. The staff were very helpful - always! Location Location Location. Hotel met all our needs from internet needs to dining to concierge services! Great for three people - we had plenty of room. All the amenities of a boutique hotel. The one lacking aspect was the breakfast which you pay anyways - you might as well use. understaffed but the ones present were very gracious. My friends loved the choice and said many a time that they would come back to Saint Sulpice. Well Done - take a bow!	
Aug 20 2008 	modern hotel in old montreal	A very nice hotel in old montreal. Very clean, modern interior. Comfortable bed. Got a free room upgrade.Breakfast was ok with cold food, for eggs/sausage had to pay extra.	
Aug 13 2008 	Le Saint Sulpice was a delightful stay in the heart of Old Montreal.	Le Saint Sulpice was a delightful stay in the heart of Old Montreal. Granted, Montreal has some funky neighborhoods and unusual B&amp;Bs, but we could stay in Vieux Montreal and easily walk to those neighborhoods--or take the metro from the Place D'Armes station. The staff at Saint Sulpice was very helpful when we needed any help, which was just once on arrival to adjust the air conditioning. Breakfast was included in the room price, also good because eating out every meal in Old Montreal can add up quickly. It is tres chic and the prices are too. The decor was well done. The bathroom was exceptional with large walk-in shower. All in all, very good value for the area.	
Aug 9 2008 	I wonder why they are in the business.	We just returned from a wonderful 6 days in Quebec and our only low point was Le Saint-Sulpice in Old Montreal.Perhaps we were spoiled by 4 nights at the Fairmonts Richeleiu and Frontenac where the staff welcomed us to their hotels with pride and joy. Then we arrived at Le Saint-Sulpice and felt like every conversation was punctuated with deep sighs on their part and we had a sense that we were bothering them or deemed beneath them somehow. The conversations were like, &quot;hello, we'd like to check in&quot;...sigh..., &quot;is the ($32 a day) parking in and out?&quot;...haughty look...sigh..., &quot;we'd like to check out&quot;...look away...make a face...sigh. Not really confrontational stuff here. A high point was when we called for three pillows, they asked what we needed them for (!!) then only delivered two. (My husband has arthritis and uses two extra pillows to sleep without pain, plus the sofa bed needed a pillow in case you are curious!)The rooms were clean. The bedspreads were pilled and old looking, maybe time for an update. Great location in Old Montreal.	
Aug 8 2008 	Lovely hotel in Montreal	This is a lovely hotel in the Old Port, a great section of Montreal. An inviting and elegant lobby. Very easy access to Metro (you can get absolutely anywhere on the Metro), and close to many shops and restaurants. The Saint Sulpice has a very helpful staff who recommend places to eat, give great directions and are fairly quick to respond to requests. The only problem we had was our TV remote control didn't work (horrors!) and they never got around to replacing it. Great bathroom with separate shower and wonderful toiletries (L'Occitaine). One note is that, in our room, the shower had a frosted glass wall that was visible in the room, so if anyone was talking a shower, their silhouette was there for all to see. With small children it would be very embarrassing. For a couple traveling together, maybe not so embarrassing!	
Jul 24 2008 	Lovely hotel very good service	We were extremely pleased with our stay at this hotel. We were travelling with our young child and the staff was fantastic at accommodating every need. We booked a superior room and it was HUGE and lovely - there was even a mini-kitchen with a microwave and 2 burner stovetop! One recommendation that I would make if booking this hotel, would be to make sure that you arrange for a room on the second floor or above, it's a very well travelled street and you would get a lot of noise at street level. We had an excellent experience and would stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Jul 12 2008	Excellent hotel	We just returned from a four night stay at the St. Sulpice and could not have been more pleased. We were able to walk wherever we wanted to go, even to the main stage of the jazz festival (20 min walk), and to any of a number of excellent bistros, the metro, and tourist attractions.Our rooms were spacious and immaculate and the beds very comfortable. Our windows faced the lovely garden restaurant in the inner courtyard and we had no problem with noise at all. The air conditioning was in excellent working order.Service was impeccable from the moment we checked in. I called and made arrangements for a large suite (party of 4), and we were delighted with our accommodations. We stayed in a one bedroom with a queen bed, queen pullout sofa, and queen Murphy bed. The rooms were light and airy with a small kitchen area/wet bar. The bedroom was a little small, but with the living area, it didn't really matter.A word of advice if you are arriving by car: it is more cost effective to self park at any number of locations in the area. We found the lot the hotel uses and while the daily rate through the hotel was $32/night, when we parked ourselves, we were charged $18/day by the lot.We did not have dinner in the restaurant, but we did breakfast there everyday as a continental buffet was offered with the room rate (for 2), and we found it to be sufficient, but there are numerous cafes in the area which offer more cost effective alternatives if breakfast is not included with your room.When I return to Montreal, I will definitely return to the Saint Sulpice.	
Jul 8 2008 	Le Saint-Sulpice is an excellent choice in Old Montreal	Great hotel with very big rooms and an excellent location. If you stay anywhere in Montreal you want to stay in Old Montreal and Le Saint-Sulpice is an excellent choice. The staff was friendly, the room was very big with a separate bedroom, big bathroom and the hotel is in the middle of old Montreal. We would stay again.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great Location	Upon arrival at Le Saint Sulpice, checked into my one bedroom suite. Room was extremely spacious and bathroom was the biggest I have ever seen in a hotel. The non-smoking floor, however, did not seem to apply to my suite which smelled of smoke (like someone was smoking outside of their window). Great location as we had a reunion with our friends only blocks away. We paid $350 for our suite (including breakfast) and may select a more standard room for our next visit.	
Jun 10 2008 	Great Location. Clean and Large Rooms. No Complaints!	We stayed at Le Saint Sulpice during the last week of May. We did not encounter any problems as the previous reviews have. The rooms were great. Large rooms, separate bedroom, decent size bathrooms and free high speed internet access in the rooms. We forgot a network cable and quickly were able to get one from the front desk. The hotel staff were helpful. They did not bend over backwards for us, but then again we did not expect them to. The location is wonderful. I wouldn't recommend staying at any other location in all of Montreal. The only very small complaint is that upon check-in we were given vouchers for breakfast at the S Restaurant. We had one for each day of our stay with our names printed on them. When we used them for breakfast we were told they were not vouchers, they were simply business cards advertising the restaurant. So our breakfast ended up costing us $46 that day. When we asked the front desk they said that since we booked through Expedia we did not get breakfast but we did get a great rate. And from what I am reading we did pay an excellent rate of less than $200 per night.	
Jun 8 2008 	Perfect location in Old Montreal	I stayed at the Le Saint Sulpice for one night, on a very busy saturday night, during the grand prix races. The room ended up costing well over $800, including parking, lunch and a pet maintenence fee. I am disappointed to see this hotel book for less then $200 on other weekends, but what could i do? Location was most important, as well as being pet friendly.I did not hesitate to recommend this hotel as it was in the best location for tourists who wish to see the old city.Check in was nice, the room was large and comfortable with a great shower. I loved the La Occitane toiletries, they smelled wonderful. Only queen beds and a queen pullout is available.No problem bringing my dog, except for the $50.00 pet charge, but i knew that upon booking.$25 valet parking with in and out privileges if you need it.Really cool to look out the window at all the people having fun in the streets at night.Breakfast buffet was included, with yogurts, fresh fruit and pastries!And free internet was available in the business center, really good looking gym too.I would like to go back again, on a much cheaper weekend.	
Jun 5 2008 	Appalling service	This review reflects our experience with having booked a day long meeting including food service and lunch at the &quot;S&quot; restaurant in the hotel on June 5 2008:1) The room for the meeting was not prepared when we arrived;2) No staff were assigned to check in on us so we had to go to the front desk each time they &quot;forgot&quot; the coffee, tea etc...3) At the &quot;S&quot; restaurant over lunch, each of the dishes was cold (we were 13 people seated steps away from the kitchen);4) Of the 13, 6 of the dishes (the fish) was served uncooked - a white fish not meant to be served raw;5) When we pointed this out the surly unhappy waiter took them back and returned them - the dishes returned were partly eaten and not the ones we returned nor &quot;new&quot; dishes...the folks who returned their dishes opted not to eat and the waiter offered nothing in replacement. One member asked for chicken instead and got another piece of fish!6) At no time did the maitre d'hotel or supervisory staff come by to explain - even though we asked. We alerted the manager but even she did nothing and indeed no supervisory staff came up to the meeting room at any time during the day to explain;A complete lack of a sense of customer service - appalling food, service. While at the front desk in a desperate attempt to get an explanation a woman with a senior in a wheelchair explained to the front desk that the shower chair they had provided for her mother broke. One of our party had the misfortune of sitting on a sofa that fell over (broken leg) in the lobby. Stay at the Nelligan...	
May 29 2008 	Great location and excellent room	We stayed here over the memorial day weekend for about $170 a night. That price seemed like a bargain and in turns out that in fact the room was excellent and totally gigantic (probably about 500sf). Having said that, there are probably other hotels in Montreal that are far less expensive and still very nice. This is important for visitors from large cities around the world (e.g., New York, Tokyo, London, etc.). They might scoff at the idea of a $130 hotel since in these cities that will not buy you anything nice at all. But in Montreal, this will probably get you a really good standard hotel room, considering $170 got us a huge apartment with a kitchen and fireplace.The room was clean, the staff very friendly and the location amazing. We didn't try the breakfast.Overall, I recommend, but would only stay again if I traveled with a family and needed all that space.	
May 20 2008 	Delightful!	We just spent 5 delightful nights at Le Saint-Sulpice. We chose the hotel based on the reviews here and were not disappointed in the least. Our superior suite was spacious and clean. The location of the hotel, just off of St. Paul Street and in the heart of the Old Port area, was perfect. The staff was helpful and friendly at all times. Breakfast buffet: It was most definitely, as advertised, a continental breakfast--coffee, croissants and juice --and fruit, cereal, yogurt, toast, muffins--and all quite fresh. I found that if something was missing, all I had to do was ask for it. I also enjoyed the slower pace of the restaurant service (and not just in the hotel); it was so nice to get away from the &quot;let's see how many times we can turn over this table&quot; meets &quot;I was running late when I walked in and I have to leave 10 minutes ago&quot; atmosphere.Our suite: We booked a superior suite. As expected, it was spacious. Even though we faced the street, the room was quiet. We never heard our neighbors or noise from outside. We enjoyed our stay and look forward to returning.	
May 17 2008 	Not a Good Choice for Families	We recently completed a five day trip with our children to Montreal and Quebec City. Of the three hotels we visited, this was by far our worst experience. Upon arriving to our room, we were discouraged to find that they had placed us in a first floor room at street level. This meant that people walking by the hotel or eating in the cafe across the street peered into our room whenever everything wasn't kept closed! This was particularly a problem because the air conditioning unit in our room wasn't working and we needed to open the windows to cool down the very hot room. Every time we drew back the sheers and opened the windows, in came the peeping eyes and assault of the busy street level noise and activity.After assessing the situation, we called the front desk and told them of the problems we were having with the room. They sent someone to fix the air conditioning unit and assured us that the situation was revolved. Upon returning from dinner and and a stroll some hours later, we found that the air conditioner was still not working and the room was still very hot. Because we were traveling with two children, we called the office again and asked to be moved to a different room. At 8:30 at night, they downgraded us from our one bedroom suite to a smaller junior suite with a working air conditioner and we were finally able to put our children to bed. It should be noted that we received no compensation for our inconveniences and room downgrade. Later in the trip, we stayed at the Chateau Frontenac and the Loews Hotel Vogue and our experience at both of these hotels was wonderful. We can't imagine why anyone would choose this hotel when traveling to the region when there are so many great options available. We did notice a number of older guests at the hotel so maybe this is the hotel's intended target market but we can't imagine our parents sleeping in a hot room with no privacy.	
Apr 30 2008 	Not worth the money	For an 18th birthday/graduation present I decided to take my sister to Montreal for a long weekend. After hours of research I decided to go with this hotel due to the outstanding reviews that it got. I've stayed in many hotels all over the world and I've never been as disapointed with a hotel. The service was HORRIBLE. Right after the valet parked my car I realized that I forgot some things in it. When I approached one of the valets about it he rolled his eyes and sighed. Not called for! The next morning I couldn't find the tickets for my breakfast, which was included.. When I explained it to the girl that was working she was extremely rude and talked down to me about the situation. I also have severe allergies, which I communicated to the hotel before I got there and when we checked in. There was one really nice girl at the front desk, I wish I could remember what her name was.. Long story short.. My needs were ignored and I got blamed for the situation. Most of the staff weren't very understanding or very friendly. It is in a great location though.	
Apr 28 2008 	terrible restaurant	nice rooms, towels are stiff and so are the robes as if they haven't been used in years, restaurant was terrible, even the breakfast was bad.	
Apr 28 2008	Nice but not that nice	We just got back from a weekend stay at the St. Sulpice. While we had a nice stay, we wonder why this hotel is rated so high in Trip Advisor's rankings.For the price you pay for one of these suites, we did not think it was worth it. We had previously stayed at the Hotel Place d'Armes where we had paid less per night and had a much more luxurious stay.The St. Sulpice is quiet, clean and well situated in Old Montreal near galleries and restaurants. It doesn't have fancy rooms or any wow factor. No flat screen TVs, no turndown service, no luxury slippers and no abundance of amenities. The breakfast is also appaulingly meager. On our last morning, there were only cereals, toast and some stale fruit to choose from. The service is smiley but a bit aloof. It takes an effort to flag a waiter for a second cup of coffee.The beds are very uncomfortable and we came away with serious back and neck aches. In sum, this is more a 3 star hotel rather than the luxury 4+ star establishment it touts itself to be. We wouldn't stay back here again as there are better hotels in the area to choose from for the same price (meaning go to Hotel Place D'Armes, Hotel Nelligan or W Hotel).	
Apr 28 2008 	Nice Hotel	We've stayed at Le Saint-Sulpice several times and have always enjoyed our stay. The hotel is located in the heart of Old Montreal just behind the Notre Dame Cathedral. The lobby of the hotel is warmly decorated and includes a cozy sitting area around a large fireplace. Through the lobby is a beautiful courtyard restaurant under white canopy. We've eaten at the restaurant a few times and have found the food and service somewhat hit and miss. Overall acceptable though.The rooms are beautifully decorated with dark wood accents and modern decor. Some have electric fireplaces and some have small balconies. The rooms tend to be somewhat narrow but still provide a comfortable stay.	
Apr 27 2008 	A very good hotel	I stayed for one night and wished I could have stayed for more. I was given a beautiful room facing the street. At first I was worried that it would be noisy, but it wasn't and I slept very well. The door and concierge staff are very professional and very helpful. The front desk staff however, could use a little warming up. My room rate included a continental breakfast that was served in the lovely SS Restaurant and which was plentiful (cereal,croissants,toast,fruit..etc) and very well waited on by a diligent crew of charming waitpersons. The room rate also included internet and use of the business centre, which I needed to print my boarding pass. The hotel is ideally situated in Old Montreal surrounded by restaurants and attractions and means of transport. I would return without hesitation.	
Apr 15 2008	A Great Hotel and Brilliant Staff !	We were knocked out by this hotel, where we stayed for five nights in April.(five females)The staff were lovely, the rooms top class, and the location (none of us had a car) is ideal for the shops, restaurants and sightseeing.It was a superb holiday and we have decided to go back once the weather gets a bit warmer.	
Mar 29 2008 	Lovely Hotel in Old Montreal.	My husband and I recently stayed at The Saint-Sulpice for the first time. It is a lovely hotel situated in Old Montreal. We arrived quite late on a Sunday night in March, and our car was quickly unloaded and we were settled in our suite within minutes. The beautiful entrance and lobby of the hotel was quite large, with several different seating areas scattered throughout the area. One of the groupings was extra special with a cozy fireplace. All the rooms at the hotel, are basicaly suites. They are a generous size and very comfortable and homey, well designed and nicely decorated. You can tell a lot of thought went into making their guests as content as possible.The entrance to our suite was a good size. It had a place for our boots and shoes and the usual type closet. What made it really stand out, was the entrance also had a little table with two chairs which I really liked and thought was such a nice touch. It was different to have a sitting area in the entrance and it was one of the things I liked most about our suite. Once we walked past the entrance, we noticed a small counter top stove and a little fridge and all the necessary cooking accessories (in an overhead cabinet) we would need if we decided to cook in our room. The livingroom was quite pretty, it had a sofa and a comfty leather chair, a few accent tables and lamps and an electric fireplace across from the sofa. Also, in the liviingroom area there was a desk with a chair where you could sit and make phone calls or use your computer. Next to the desk there was a set of patio doors opening onto a balcony. For obvious reasons we didn't even open the doors, unless we wanted to have a mountain of snow in our room! I am sure in the summer it would be wonderful!The suites have a separate bedroom with french doors, which I felt really added to the character of the space. There were two large television sets (not flat screen, not that it mattered to us, but I know it is important to some travellers that is why I mention it), one in the livingroom and one on the bedroom.There are a few features that made this hotel stand out. The first that I found so useful was the two closets in the bedroom. It was so handy that we could have our own closet , and it made it so much easier to unpack and everything was then at our fingertips. The bedroom also had a dresser with large drawers, that again served a very useful purpose. It was great to have a portable telephone in the bedroom. Actually, come to think of it this was the first hotel we ever stayed in that had portable phones.The powder room was quite large, well lit, super clean, with a big shower, big bathtub, lovely sink area and a full length mirror on the back of the door. One of the walls had a few small, built in glass shelves, where we put our incidentals. There were bathrobes provided, a hairdryer and wonderful L'Occitane products that were restocked daily. I didn't really like the towels....when I go to a hotel I find white towels look so crisp and clean and the towels here were beige. I realize it may seem petty, but it is just a personal preference. Colour aside, I have very sensitive skin and I found the towels, were a little on the ruff side. I am quite sure they were high quality towels, however I did want to mention it as I know it is that kind of information that I find helpful when reading reviews. If we stay here again I would bring a towel from home. And really I should have brought my own to begin with, it completely slipped my mind. I do want to make it clear though, If you don't have sensitive skin you will be fine with the towels. The only complaint, was one morning there was no hot water. I realize this can happen anywhere, but since we were not informed about the problem, we found out the hard way. A simple note under the door, or a message left on the telephone would have been greatly appreciated. And when I called down to ask if there was something wrong with the hot water, I found the reception could have been a little nicer. The hot water was off most of the day, by the next morning it was working again. The following day we were left a note of apology in our room with 4 chocolates. If we would have been told about the problem, I probably wouldn't even be mentioning it right now. A little customer relations when problems such as that arise, I find goes a long way.We found the hotel staff for the most part very professional, the concierge desk and valets were very helpful and friendly, and the housekeeping staff did an excellent job and even left us little notes in our room thanking us for the tip we left her, which I thought was so nice.Because of the terrific amount of snow while we were in the city, we could not take advantage of the great location of the hotel. If the weather would have co-operated we could have walked to many places. We did walk to the Basilica and to a few restaurants nearby. I am certain in the warmer months it would be an ideal location. The area surrounding the hotel seemed very quaint, and a few times we saw horse drawn carriages going by the hotel.All in all, we enjoyed our stay at the Saint-Sulpice and we would not hesitate to go back. I would like to thank fellow Trip Advisor member JDP112456 for suggesting this hotel, and in turn I feel comfortable recommending this hotel to other travellers.Thank you for reading my review!	
Feb 18 2008 	Good Choice ( I guess)	When making a hotel choice, this website influences about 90% of my decision. Here is my opinion of this hotel. The location was very good. It is in the heart of Old Montreal. All of the tourist attractions in this area are within walking distance. The metro station Place d'Arms is also within walking distance and it is very easy to navigate the metro system. The church is next door. (Note: if you want to see the church you have to pay to enter, unless you are attending mass. I found this a bit ridiculous. I have never paid to enter a church anywhere in the world.) The hotel is clean and modern. The room we had was very spacious. The bathroom had the biggest shower I have ever seen. It also had a huge sunken bathtub. So I guess the choice to stay here was a good one. But, although the concierge was helpful, I thought the staff was a bit brisk.I do not know how to explain it. We needed the sofa bed turned down b/c we traveled with our children. I have stayed in other hotels with sofa beds and when the room is made up in the moring the sofa is put back together and then at night turned down once again. Here it stayed a bed the whole time therefore taking seating and general space away. At night housekeeping comes by with complimentary water, but that's it the room is not freshened up again. Also the last day we were there we left the room at 8:00 am and returnted after 3:00 and the room had not been cleaned. The hotel was not full so I do not know what happened. We left again and returned later and it was made up.I recommend this hotel, but I was not blown away by it.	
Jan 14 2008 	wonderful stay in Old Montreal	The St Sulpice is located right behind the wonderful cathedraland is a beautiful small boutique hotel. The rooms are very comfortable and extremely clean. Loved the fireplace.Staff were very helpful and we had a great stay.Would definitely recommend as an adult getaway weekend hotel.	
Jan 1 2008 	Lovely Hotel in Old Montreal	My husband &amp; I stayed at this hotel from 14 December until 19th December 2007. We found the hotel staff to be most helpful, and courteous. We stayed in room 222 which had a separate bedroom with a kingsize bed. The hotel is exactly as shown on their website, and we were really pleased with our choice of hotel. It is an ideal location for walking around Montreal. The weather was extremely cold, minus 15 at times, and during the weekend, we had a really bad snow storm. I have never seen so much snow in all my life! We have friends that live on the other side of the Montreal river, who kindly showed us around Montreal, and took us up to Mont Sauveur which was about an hour and a quarter away from the centre of Montreal. My husband &amp; I ate at The Keg restaurant, which was round the corner from the hotel. The food and drink was very good! We only had breakfast at the hotel which was basic (cereal, fresh fruit, toast, small chocolate croissants etc) but perfectly adequate. You could have sausages, eggs &amp; bacon but had to pay extra for it. All in all we enjoyed our brief time in Montreal, and would love to go back again, hopefully in the summer months next time. We walked all round Montreal, went to Eaton Square and various shopping malls etc. Its a lovely place to visit. If you stay at this hotel you won't be disappointed with your choice of hotel. Please contact me if you want any further information.Little tip: if you need to get to the airport and the weather is bad, allow plenty of time - it took us an hour and a half to get to the airport because of the bad weather conditions (we were told by the hotel that the journey normally takes half an hour) as the highway was solid nose to tail with traffic. I thought we weren't going to make our flight back to the UK!	
Nov 7 2007	Wonderful experience at St. Sulpice	Suite was perfect for traveling with teenage son so he had his own bed/TV. Hotel staff were excellent. Rooms are incredibly quiet and comfortable. Location is in the center of Old Montreal, walking distance to everything. Would absolutely stay there again.	
Oct 26 2007 	excellent hotel!!!	my boyfriend (now husband) and i spent a long weekend here over labor day, and i can basically sum it up by saying that this is by far the NICEST hotel we've stayed at thus far in our travels together. we were here during a festival, or several festivals, so it was a lot of fun. there was a very authentic colonial festival complete with costumes, marching band, and dancing. great times! its a fantastic part of town, just a half block from the harbor and all of it's shopping and dining. DEFINITELY the best part of town (as you may know, some of montreal gets kind of seedy). the restaurant is wonderful, tho expensive, and i highly recommend stopping by the garden for a drink. the fountains are lovely and so are the staff. ask the concierge where to go for dinner, and they will set up reservations for you even if its already late in the evening. the tub in the rooms is huge! accomodates two ;) the rooms seem to have been recently renovated, and they are very spacious. the only issue we had (and this may no longer apply) is that there was some construction across the street. other than that i say this is a great value for a luxury hotel. highly recommend it.	
Oct 26 2007 	Over-the-top Friendly	My husband and I had to travel to Montreal on business and within minutes of our arrival, took the smiling suggestion of the reservations desk and extended our stay to two nights. The hotel is lovely - shares one (or more) of it's walls with Notre Dame cathedral, yet is very contemporary, solid (read as &quot;thick&quot; walls so we found it very quiet!) and immaculate. We selected Saint Sulpice based on location, ability to bring our small dog, and cost - and it didn't fail our expectations on any front. It was convenient to include our dachsund in our plans (very much worth the extra $50 deposit to have her with us rather than kennel her) and the exceptional staff had all three of us feeling more than welcome. Kudos to the concierge/front desk recommendations - we were steered right with every request for the where-to-eats and what-to-sees!I strongly agree with the former reviewer's commendation about the valets. They parked our oversized van right next to the hotel - safely and without complaint - quick to call our room when they were uncertain as to how to lock the side cabinets for us.I loved our spacious room and small deck. Just behind the hotel is a perfect grassy spot to walk the dog (bring baggies! The lawn and little garden is well-kept). We found the down-filled bedding very comfortable, so our mattress was clearly not the same as the former reviewer's. Our only complaint became a little joke between my husband and I - that the towels are far from soft. We laughingly called our drying off &quot;The Exfoliation&quot;!This hotel far exceeded our expectations - especially when it came to service. We'd return - wouldn't stay elsewhere in Montreal - if it weren't for the seven hour drive.	
Oct 21 2007 	Lovely hotel	My husband and I decided to take a drive to Montreal (from Boston) for our 2nd wedding anniversary, and selected Le Saint-Sulpice based on a friend's recommendation. I initially booked via travelocity.com, but then found that we could get a nicer room for less money by booking directly through the hotel's website, so did that instead.Le Saint-Sulpice is right in the heart of Old Montreal, within walking distance to many nice restaurants and shops. Upon our arrival, we were greeted by a valet who parked our car, and bellmen who offered to take our bags. Everyone was extremely polite, friendly and accommodating.Once in our room, we tried to make a dinner reservation at our favorite Montreal restaurant, only to find it no longer existed. I called the concierge, who recommended a great restaurant nearby (Delmo, on Rue Notre Dame), and he made a reservation there for us.Our room was lovely, with living room area, kitchenette, and separate bedroom. The bathroom was extremely nice, with a very large tub. My only complaint is that the mattress was way too hard, and we both found it uncomfortable.On our second night, we had dinner reservations several blocks away. We had planned to walk, but it was pouring so we decided to drive. We called the valet for our car, and they had it ready within a few minutes. They saw us to our car with a large umbrella, and greeted us with the umbrella when we returned from dinner.I would absolutely recommend Le Saint-Sulpice, and would definitely stay there again. Lovely rooms and friendly service.	
Oct 17 2007 	Everything We Expected	St. Sulpice is contemporary style in an old world setting. Great service. Room was clean and pleasant. We had a nice view out over the back courtyard and across the rooftops to the St. Lawrence. Great location. In Vieux Montreal right behind Notre Dame (which is magnificent) and we easily walked up to St. Catherine Street and the Latin Quarter or Chinatown. Weather changed dramatically during our stay and both A/C and heating worked great with easy use. Balcony was wonderful. Big shower was great for two! Breakfast was simple but the restaurant was nice with friendly professional service, and how can you go wrong with fresh fruit and chocolate croissants? Highly recomend. Would stay again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 16 2007 	Terrific all around!	We just returned from 3 wonderful nights at the Saint Sulpice. We splurged for the mid-priced suite and weren't dissapointed. We had a large living room and bedroom, the bathroom was very large with a great tub and walk-in shower. Service was excellent, I broke the hairdryer in the middle of drying my hair before we were going out to dinner, and in less than 5 minutes they brought me a new one. Great location -- very short walk to the Metro.Only thing that needs improvement is the &quot;gym&quot;. Outdated treadmills and very dark gym room. Other than that, I highly, highly recommend.	
Sep 30 2007 	Loved it!	The hotel was fabulous. The location is perfect - right next door to Notre Dame, a few blocks away from a subway station, food, attractions, et cetera. The rooms were very nice, an excellent value for the money. Each room has a kitchenette, so, if you were so inclined, you could prepare meals. They even had pots, dishes, et cetera. The hotel was very quiet. The service was fantastic.The only thing I did not like was the S restaurant. I ate breakfast there one morning. Not only was it overpriced, the food was cold. I arrived not long after the restaurant had opened, so you would have expected everything to at least be warm.If you book directly with the hotel, they give you a &quot;free&quot; breakfast. I am glad I saved a few bucks and booked through Expedia, after experiencing the breakfast.Also, one last tip...Canadian taxes are no longer refunded. Last fall, Canada repealed the law. You should view the CAD price as full price, especially since the Canadian dollar is now on par with the U.S. dollar.If I return to Montreal, I will definitely stay at the Saint-Sulpice again.	
Sep 21 2007 	Excellent service	My wife and I -- 2 middle class Americans with modest travel experience -- recently stayed here for a long weekend. We were attracted by the outside courtyard and the many excellent reviews. We were not disappointed. We were treated superbly by all staff members, the hotel is beautiful and unique, and the courtyard is a terrific place to enjoy a bottle of wine, a glass of beer, a Cuban cigar, whatever. The hotel is a great mix of the old and the contemporary, and we really loved just laying around the room. Some people suggest Claude Postel for breakfast -- be aware that they have moved and I am not certain it is the right choice unless you are looking for pastries. Our friends gushed about Bonapartes for lunch but we went for dinner and found the place staid. So lunch would be the better choice and we do trust their call.Perhaps the true highlight of the trip was our dinner at Ferreira's, a Portuguese place. Pricey but worth every penny. I started with grilled octopus and went for the fruits de mer -- wow! and I am not even a big fish eater. My wife had a salted blackened cod -- again, blew us away. The staff was great and the ambiance upscale hip but not pretentious or uncomfortable in any way. (We are not hip or upscale!)If you are looking for solid bistro food near the hotel, we liked Holder's. Also contemporary. Not fabulous, but an enjoyable experience and very convenient to the hotel's location.If you are ever thinking you deserve a splurge, this may well be the place.	
Sep 19 2007 	Great location but ......	We chose this hotel for three major reasons. One, we were travelling with a dog, and Saint Sulpice accepts dogs; two, the location in the heart of old Montreal; and three, it was billed as a luxury four star hotel. The room we were assigned was on the fifth floor and looked out onto the street. It was undoubtedly a &quot;dog&quot; room, as the carpet was dirty and full of stains. I would definitely recommend asking for a room overlooking the inner courtyard, and this side of the hotel is extremely dark, and because it overlooks the street, it was very noisy at nightime, particularly between midnight and 2 AM, when the bars are closing. Because we were there on the weekend, when we stepped out on Saturday, and again on Sunday, there was vomit on the sidewalk, a little ways down from the hotel, which I only narrowly avoided stepping into. This mess was still there a few hours later when we returned from lunch. The room itself is very large, with a separate bedroom and also has a tiny kitchenette. The room had evidence of the previous person, with grime on the sink and a dirty table. The outside door was covered with dust. The most difficult part of the room was how gloomy it was, we left all of the lights on all of the time, and it still felt extremely dark. We ordered room service our first night and had guinea fowl and shrimp. The guiney fowl was tough and tasteless, and the shrimp dish was so salty it was inedible. Heavily salted dishes are often a sign of the use of powdered stocks, so anyone allergic to MSG should avoid this food, as I had a bad reaction to it. We had tremendous difficulty getting our room cleaned. It simply didn't happen the first day there (although we were out from 12-3). On the second day, I called and requested a specific time to have it cleaned, which it was. On the third day, I called and asked to have it cleaned while we were out, and was told that it would not be possible to ask for a specific time for cleaning, although their literature suggests that one can do this. Sure enough, when we returned after being out for 3 hours in the afternoon, the room still wasn't cleaned, with no evidence of the housekeeping cart even being on our floor. We called down again, and again had to make arrangements to leave the room for an hour and a half, and when we returned at five, it had finally been cleaned. We asked for a new hairdryer as the one in our room wasn't working, but it was never replaced. We appeared to be the only people on the fifth floor, perhaps this is why we were forgotten. Although the hotel web site suggests the hotel has a dedicated concierge, when we went down to the front desk to ask the concierge a question, it was the same young man who checked us in. While he was very sweet, he wasn't very informative. We asked him if there were any outdoor restaurants where our dog would be allowed, and he replied that there had been a huge &quot;crackdown&quot; on dogs on patios, and there were no restaurants that accepted dogs. This turned out not to be true, as when we went around and asked, there were several outdoor restaurants that accepted dogs. The breakfast itself was included with the room and was a continental style buffet, with a four dollar surcharge for the hot items. We ate there once, and it was pretty awful. The bacon was rancid (I've never had rancid bacon, so it must have been very old), and the bread was dried out brown and white wonder bread. At 9:30 there was only one slice of brown bread left, and it was not refilled during the time I was there. I guess I was expecting a bit more than economy hotel type food. The coffee was tepid and served with milk instead of cream. The service was surly, at best, and it took forever to get a bill. There is a very sweet little breakfast place around the corner, I would recommend avoiding the restaurant at all costs. I spoke French the entire time I was there, thus we were not given indifferent service because we wen't making the effort to use the language. We asked for a room with a balcony, and although the hotel was quite empty, we were not accomodated, no doubt due to the fact we were travelling with a dog, and there are only a few doggie rooms. There appears to be a shortage of staff, perhaps because we were travelling in the off season. If you are travelling with a dog, there is wonderful green space just steps away from this hotel, down by the water. Otherwise, I would not recommend this hotel.	
Aug 20 2007 	wonderful hotel in a perfect part of the city	We booked the St. Sulpice because we wanted to stay in Old Montreal, and knew nothing really of the area or the hotel. It had a good rating on TripAdvisor, so we went ahead and booked it.WELL WORTH IT. We got lost in Montreal and ended up in a different area of town with the name St. Sulpice Road. I phoned the hotel and the Concierge knew exactly where we were and gave us the directions to get there.Valet parking a nice touch (where do they put the cars, anyways?) and costs $25/day. Looking at trying to find parking anywhere looks like a nightmare so was worth it. They even later brought our water and fruit to our room that we'd left in the car.Beautiful room. Clean, well furnished, and included a kitchenette as well (!). Pots and plates provided. Gorgeous bed linens, comfy bed with separate tv in the bedroom. Living room had great furniture and was huge, with its own tv. Bathroom was really nice and had lots of towels (we didn't have to ask for extras).Housekeeping was great every day; once they noticed we were keeping our bottled water we brought in the bar fridge they provided us with their own bottled water every day. Nice touch.Breakfast was free with our room. Continental available (lots of nice choices, not just donuts) and upgrade to include eggs and sausage for additional $4 if wanted. The breakfast staff seemed to be disorganized, however, and the service was lacking (including an arguement from a waitress who wanted to bill us for the extra breakfast we didn't have). Tables were set elegantly and the food was good. Nice atmosphere in the dining room, although we only had breakfast there.Front desk staff helpful with tourist-y ideas and directions. Old Montreal is so great, we just parked the car and let it sit while we were there (we walked everywhere, or took the Metro which was cheap and easy).A pricey place to stay (but where isn't in Montreal) but was full of quality and we thoroughly enjoyed it. It's in the heart of Old Montreal, which is well worth the price.	
Jul 23 2007 	Great Advice	Simply put..... an outstanding hotel and stay in Vieux-Montreal. The hotel is in an outstanding location in the old part of town which we considered much superiior to a downtown location. A block from Notre Dame and within comfortable walking distance to most that Montreal has to offer, including step from the waterfront and activities on the piers. Besides the location, the hotel is special down to the smallest details. Our &quot;Loft Suite&quot; came with a Murphy Bed which was no compromise for comfort, and the room was very spacious and stylish including rich woods with leather furntiure and a glass sink basin in the bathroom. With European style windows that swung open we were able to enjoy people watching on the main thorougfare Rue Saint Paul. And don't overlook the patio off the lobby for food and/or relaxation. We had an outstanding stay, with the one exception of the &quot;tourist trap&quot; restaurant we choose on Place Jacques-Cartier.	
Jul 20 2007 	"'Beautiful Montreal"	We have just returned from a lovely stay at this Hotel.It is centrally located , walking distance to everything.Science Center , Imax theater, waterfront, parks,Shops, restaurants, and around the corner The Notre-Dame Basilica. The Basilica has a wonderful light -sound and history show at night this is a very nice way to see the church. Our 12 year old daughter loved it!The hotel has everything to offer, outdoor patio seating and another restaurant down stairs This is where they serve breakfast.Our room was huge, large living room with kitchenette, pull out couch. French door opening out to patio.plenty of closet space. Great bathroom ,shower and soaking tubglass sinks, robes and plenty of L'Occitane products.Staff was very friendly and accommodating. We needed to get our car out to go to the Boidome area and it took less than 10 mins.This Hotel has a small gym upstairs and a spa. I didn't have time to use either.The other thing that this Hotel has to offer being in old Montrealmost buildings have steps.Saint-Sulpice is totally handicapped accessible. They offer accessible rooms with showers, there is a ramp in the lobby,no steps to get into Hotel, and an elevator.I would reccommend this Hotel to everyone, Because of the great location, accessibility, and friendly staff and service.	
Jul 8 2007 	Wondeful Montreal	I just got back from a 4 night stay at this hotel. The whole experience was lovely. The location is perfect, right in the heart of Old Montreal and within walking distance to shopping, good restaurants, and the metro.The concierge, Patrick, was wonderful and full of great reccomendations for us. The room was quite large and setup like an apartment, which made the stay more comfortable.Some of the great restaurants that we got to try when we were there: Brunoise, Toque (try the 7 course degustation menu), and L'Avenue.Overall, my fiance and I love Montreal and had a wondeful time there.	
Jul 3 2007 	Huge room great property loved it!	I spent 2 nights here on a trip with my 16 year old and her father. The rooms at this hotel are set up as condos; they can be owned and rented out to hotel guests, so they are fairly large. Our room had a queen bedroom, with a door to the very large bathroom, and glass doors to the living area.The tiled foyer was about 6 by 8 feet. There is a wide, short hallway into the living area, which has a pullout couch, several leather chairs, a TV and kitchenette, with a ceramic cooktop. We had a courtyard view with a large, openable window. The hotel itself is lovely. The free continental breakfast was just OK, but acceptable.The staff were very polite and helpful. Valet parking is $25 a night, but you need it in this area of the city (Old Montreal) where parking is almost impossible. You are right in the center of things here-walking distance to many restaurants, shops, other attractions.	
Jun 10 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	First visit to Montreal in a long time and found this hotel through trip advisor. In the heart of old Montreal and easy walking distance to everything. Staff was very helpful finding restaurants and making travel arrangements. We would stay again!	
Jun 3 2007 	Love this hotel Will go back!	My husband and I spent 5 days in Montreal over the Memorial Day Holiday. I chose the St. Suplice because we enjoy boutique rather than large chain hotels. We were definitely happy with the choice.First was the perfect location. Being in the Old Port was very convenient to restaurants and attractions. We were just a couple blocks from St. Paul St. and Jacques Cartier place, which are the most interesting if you want people watching and outdoor cafes. Near to downtown and the metro too. The hotel was probably the most quiet I've ever been in. Altho it was full, we never heard a footstep, toilet flush or water running. We were in a one bedroom suite on the top floor (6th) which included a balcony overlooking the courtyard...and tops of other buildings. We had our coffee out there every morning. It also had a real wood fireplace, which we didn't use. The bathroom was large with a huge soaking tub and separate shower. The glass sink was beautiful. We did not eat at the restaurant. Lots of closets,a kitchenette and a living room. Staff friendly and helpful.	
May 25 2007 	Beautiful Excellent Service A Must Stay	I just arrived home today from a 3 night honeymoon stay at the Saint Suplice. I loved, loved, loved this hotel. My husband and I were treated wonderfully. The rooms were beautiful and the garden view amazing. Such wonderful and luxurious accomodations. We requested a recommendation for dinner from the concierge, who booked us a delicious restaurant. After we were done eating, our waitress delivered us 2 glasses of port &quot;courtesy of our concierge&quot;. It was very sweet of him and the St Suplice.If you are traveling to Montreal, there isn't a better place to stay.	
May 11 2007 	Great Place for the Girls' Weekend	Three of us travelled to Montreal to celebrate my sister's Big 5-0. We shopped our way through the Montreal neighborhoods, stopping occasionally to indulge in fabulous French food. This Hotel did not disappoint. Our Deluxe Suite was comfortable for the three of us. The bathroom is superb with elegant sink, walk-in shower, soaking tub, and L'Occitane toiletries. Location in Old Montreal was great. We especially appreciated that it was just two blocks from the Metro -- which we found wonderfully clean and user friendly. The hotel staff was attentive and helpful with recommendations and reservations. Many of them greeted us by name. We used the health club each day. The massages were great. The only negative was the misunderstanding with the front desk staff about the room rates. We had a discount through the Montreal SweetDeal website (as advertised in the New York Times). Though we confirmed the prices at check-in, the bill was still wrong at check-out. It was a hassle to get the clerk to amend the bill. He did so pleasantly, but it took 90 minutes, and I overheard other guests checking out complaining about mistakes in their bills also. Despite the hassle of the &quot;out the door&quot; experience, we would still highly recommend this hotel and return there happily.	
May 3 2007 	Not so sure	I found it to be quite a rip-off. Nothing looked like the pictures the hotel website provided. Everything looked smaller. My room was supposed to be a non-smoking room but when I walked in, I smelled cigarettes. The staff tried to get rid of it by bringing in this ozone machine thing. The smell did go away but came back the next morning. That's when I realized that the smell came from the outside. Not only the smell penetrated the window so did the noise from car.  However, there is one good thing about this room. It has a really nice gorgeous bathroom.	
Apr 18 2007	A+	Third time I have stayed here and I love it a little more each time-rooms are large and well appointed-staff fantastic and the food is to die for-cannot understand previous poster who said food was bad-I had the swordfish and chocolate pudding-my husband had beef and sushi-we are still talking about it 3 weeks later-divine!	
Jan 8 2007 	Absolutely Fantastic!	My husband and I stayed at the Sulpice after Christmas through the New Year and were absolutely in love with it! We were given an upgraded room because it was our honeymoon so we had a huge room with fireplace, balcony (winter so not really useful), a separate bedroom, separate shower with huge soaker tub and a very well stocked kitchenette. The service was absolutely unbeatable....the staff were always polite, helpful and very prompt if we needed wood, towels or reservations. We were surprised with a unique New Years Gift and were always delighted with the turn down service with weather report in the evenings! The free breakfast was okay, we prefer Eggspectations, but free is free! We did not eat in the restaurant for dinner, but heard others rave about it. We also used the massage therapists in the gym and both my husband and I had amazing massages that were well worth the money. I have nothing but wonderful things to say about the Sulpice and would stay there again, actually we are planning our next trip to Montreal already!	
Jan 2 2007 	Not that great	My husband and our friends spent New Years weekend here and I must say I do not see why everyone is giving this hotel such good reviews. Yes the rooms are nice and spacious, but that is the only thing that is nice about this place. The food was not good, it was not fresh, and tasted as if it was sitting out for hours before it was brought out to our table.The service was not the service of a 4star hotel. We had a mix-up with our suites, and were told that one of them was canceled; we did not get any apologies and were told that if they don’t have cancellations we would just have to deal with it and share one suite, which was okay considering they gave us an upgrade to a bigger room, but they did not give us any extra towels, toiletries, or pillows needed for four people…even after I called and requested it, it was still never sent to us.My overall experience was not a positive one therefore I would not be coming back to this hotel. However, you get what you pay for and this hotel was not at all expansive considering the room size and the hotel location, plus they give you free breakfast, which was not bad. Another thing the hotel needs is a lounge or a bar, they have about five chairs at the restaurant bar. which is not sufficient for a hotel this size, and a little shop where guests can get things like coffe, soda. or meds without having to leave the hotel.	
Jan 2 2007 	New Years in Montreal	My boyfriend and I spent New Year's Eve in Montreal, and based on the wonderful reviews on this site, chose Le Saint-Sulpice. Everything was wonderful right from arrival. Staff was extremely friendly and accomodating. Our deluxe suite was huge! The bathroom was beautiful with a tub and seperate shower. The decor was very modern. There was a frosted glass wall between the bedroom and bath which added an interesting touch. The lobby was absolutely gorgeous, with beautiful decor and a fireplace. Old Montreal is classic and beautiful, especially in winter. We both slept wonderfully in the comfy bed. I especially loved the pillows! We had wonderful room service - the wild mushroom appetizer and vegetable soup were exquisite and the presentation beautiful. After we checked out and before we headed home we also had dinner in their restaurant &quot;S Le Restaurant&quot; which was phenomenal. I recommend the wild mushroom appetizer and the ceasar salad with smoked salmon. My boyfriend had the mallard entree which he enjoyed as well. The only complaint we have is that our dessert took almost 30 minutes to come to the table! However, we were able to overlook that since the rest of our stay was perfect!	
Dec 31 2006 	Good place to stay in Montreal...	We chose Le St Sulpice because of Tripadvisor reviews, and stayed there for a few days after Christmas. Overall, it's a great place to stay in Montreal. Situated in Old Montreal, we found the location very convenient. There are a number of great restaurants located less than 5 minutes away (on foot). We enjoyed 'Eggspectation' just off Place d'Armes and went there every day for a delicious breakfast! Despite it being mid-winter (ok, a mild one for Montreal but still up to -10 degrees) we were able to walk around the immediate area and up to Downtown. We stayed in a Deluxe Suite which was very spacious. Ask if you want a bath - they don't all have one. Service in the hotel was very good - immediate responses by staff when we asked for anything. A few specific points: The restaurant is very nice - we had a good meal and were able to have dessert in the room which was nice; while the fold-away beds are a novelty, we didn't really see the point with such huge hotel rooms; the rooms are very dimly lit despite several lamps dotted around - one good light wouldn't go amiss; housekeeping was a bit variable - maybe depending on who made up the room; and the fact that the hotel allows dogs means that you occasionally hear a bark coming from the corridor or the room next door! The internet connection is reliable and free of charge which was also a plus for us. All in all, we'd come back to this hotel. It provided value for money for what is a very luxurious hotel in a good spot.	
Nov 13 2006 	Best Honeymoon ever	We stayed at the St. Sulpice for our honeymoon and had a wonderful time. We were upgraded to a suite with a fireplace, balcony and separate bedroom. The staff were excedingly helpful and kind and the service was great. Despite our floor being full there was almost no noise. At all. We plan to go back the next time we're in Montreal.	
Nov 13 2006 	Stress-free stay	A great hotel! As previous reviews mentioned; excellent service was housed here and all the staff that we interacted with were polite, smiling and helpful. The room was a deluxe suite (#216). Very nice size, bedroom was great and the bathroom was extremely comfy. The room also had a kitchenette, with pots, and dishes provided if you really want to cook. Two tv's in the room; one in the bedroom and one in the sitting area. The negatives were bad food via room service (just luke warm and bland) and albeit still a nice bathroom the tiles were starting to get warn. All that aside and you have still have a great hotel in Old Montreal. Approx. 5 min walk to the Metro (Notre Dame station), liquor store near by (1min away), and lots of great restuarants. Don't go to Eggspectations across from the Cathedral...its average food and packed with tourists. Try a little cafe or restaurant within Old Montreal. Ask the concierge.Enjoy.	
Sep 22 2006 	Great hotel thanks to happy staff	This is a great apartment hotel in Old Montreal. The room was spacious and comfortable with a really luxurious bathroom. Tthe public areas were very stylish, except for the restaurant which was a bit dark and severe for breakfast. However, the thing that sets this hotel apart is the staff - they seem to genuinely enjoy working there, which made it a pleasure to stay there. When the wireless connection in our room didn't work, four people arrived, one after the other, to sort the problem out till it was fixed. The location is great for sightseeing, although many of the restaurants nearby are touristy and mediocre. Montreal `grew' on us as a city and if we returned we would be delighted to stay at St Sulpice again.	
Sep 14 2006 	Fabulous boutique hotel! When can I go back?	I recently returned from Montreal after honeymooning for about a week at Le Saint Sulpice. The hotel was magnificent! My husband called in advance of our trip to request an early check-in, and we were able to get into our room upon arrival. We had a deluxe suite on the 4th floor that faced the courtyard. The bathroom was very nice with a large bathtub and huge shower. The bedroom was small, but very cozy and romantic. The bed was amazingly comfortable. We also had a fireplace and a lovely balcony. I highly recommend a balcony. I spent a lot of time sipping my morning coffee and evening wine while watching the activity in the courtyard. On another note, continental breakfast was included with our rate and available in the restaurant until 11:00 AM. And, nightly turn-down service was provided. Le Saint Sulpice is perfectly located in the heart of Vieux Montreal. Highlights located nearby include the museum Pointe-à-Callière, the bar at the Hotel Place d'Armes, and the restaurant Le Club Chasse et Peche.Make sure to escape the tourists, though, and head to other areas of town. We had great bagels in Montreal's Mile-End neighborhood and smoked meat sandwiches at Schwartz's on St. Laurent. For a fabulous brewpub, go to Dieu du Ciel on Laurier Ave. For sushi, go to Jun I, also on Laurier. The English area of town around Crescent Street is also worth checking out. We bar hopped starting at the Winston Churchill Pub . For a clubby, Manhattan-ish experience, go to Cavalli on Peel. For you gamblers, spend an evening at the massive Casino de Montreal. We won!	
Sep 8 2006 	Very Nice Hotel	My girlfriend and I just spent Labor Day weekend at this hotel in Montreal and loved it. We are from NYC, 24 y/o, and have travelled quite a bit.The entire staff was extremely helpful. We were able to contact the concierge the week prior to our trip for restaurant recommendations and all were very good. Our flight was late and we had to push back dinner friday night a number of times, and the concierge was helpful and courteous each time we called and took care of it for us. We stayed on the first floor in a basic suite (deluxe i believe), which was both quiet and spacious. It had a nice little terrace, not like we used it, but was still nice to have option. The bedroom was separate from the living room, tvs in both... nice showers with good water pressure. We really had no complaints whatsoever about the hotel.All of Montreal is within walking distance, so don't feel like you have to stay in one particular area. Although, I can understand if you wanted to stay in a more lively neighborhood. We ate most of our meals in Old Montreal by the hotel, but there was little nightlife. Great for families or couples though... we're young (24 y/o), but just wanted a quiet weekend so it was good for us.	
Sep 3 2006 	A most comfortable hotel	Our family of 4 (with 2 teens) stayed at Le Saint Sulpice during the first week in Aug/2006 in a suite with sleeper/couch, which worked out perfectly. What became a pleasant surprise was the efficient and gracious professionalism of the staff, the comfort level of the accomodation and the convenient location of this beautiful hotel.While located in Old Montreal next to Notre Dame, it never felt as if we were stuck in the midst of the touristy section of the city. A metro stop is within a couple of blocks, while the shopping district of St. Catharine is only a little further.We would definitely consider giving this establishment a return visit the next time we are in Montreal.	
Sep 3 2006 	Le Saint Sulpice: a great "boutique" hotel. Excellent service !!	A super &quot;boutique&quot; hotel in the old part of Montreal.. Very good service. Good size bathrooms. Free high speed Internet.. Superb restaurant in the hotel courtyard.. Before leaving Montreal and out of curiosity, I went to vist 4 other boutique hotels as well in old part of Montreal, and theSaint Suplice hotel is the best !! Definitively I will stay again at the Saint Sukpice, during my next trips to Montreal.Many excellent restaurants nearby. For indian food lovers, try the excellent GANDHi restaurant nearby.	
Aug 30 2006 	perfect for families	Perfectly situated in Old Montreal, very pleasant staff, large rooms&amp; tastefully decorated. perfect for families with children as our room had a separate bedroom suite allowing us to put the kids to bed and enjoy a glass of wine and conversation without fear of waking them. lots of child-friendly activities in the area...waterfront park with paddle boats, horse&amp;buggy rides, museums, insectarium (10min drive), etc etc. best hotel in Montreal, tho Gault is a close second (without kids). will stay again.	
Aug 30 2006 	Le Saint Sulpice: A Great Hotel	I just returned from a two night stay at this hotel and we were very pleased!! My husband ,myself and our 7 year old daughter stayed in a deluxe suite and it was great! Very spacious and clean. The Hotel itself is beautiful and in a perfect location in Old Montreal. We were able to walk to most places and had many great choices of restaurants around the Hotel. The staff was very kind and we look forward to our return to Le Saint Sulpice!!	
Aug 29 2006 	A great hotel in a great location	The hotel is absolutely stunning. The lobby is pretty and capacious. The staff was very gregarious and helpful with everything from picking restaurants to driving directions. Our room was huge and very nice. The beds were comfortable and very cozy. If there was one negative about the hotel it was the breakfast. Not that the food wasn't good, it was the fact that the same exact food was served each day so it became somewhat mundane and boring. The hotel is in an optimal location near all the popular attractions in both the old city and downtown Montreal. One word of advice, if you are looking for chinese food and the hotel reccomends &quot;The Beijing&quot;, DO NOT GO, it was absolutely horrible. Other than that, everything was wonderful!	
Aug 26 2006 	Pretty Good but for the price?	Room smelled a bit funny from cleaning after a smoker; very big, nice room. But a bit of paint peeling on bathroom (very large bathroom) ceiling, plus some discoloration here and there of grout and caulk; also rust where mirror met sink.Biggest gripe: could hear elevator (though 2 rooms away). The noise didn't bother spouse, but slightly annoying for me (light sleeper). Staff was sympathetic on complaining. They offered a different room, which would be ready for us to look at &quot;before 12 noon&quot;. So couldn't go too far, came back (somewhat wasted morning) to see alternate room at 11:30am. The alternate room smelled better, but was a LOT smaller, so decided to keep original room. They'd offered to maybe see if yet another room, but didn't want to waste anymore time on it and just dealt with it.But, the room was very very nice, and, except for slamming doors, and loud talk at 4:30 am (which involved a walkie talkie, so I assume a staff member?), very very quiet. I.e. from 11 or 12 midnight to 6 am, no elevator, and no doors closing it was very very quiet. And note, none of these noises woke me up (except the 4:30 am affair, which was probably a fluke), but if I was awake, the noises tended to keep me awake.Also, patrons in courtyard bar were quite loud until 11:30 or midnight.But overall a good experience.I wonder if for $259/night, after taxes, more should be expected, in Montreal, QC, CA or not.It seems all 4-5 stars hotels have their issues. I don't think hotels are made for light sleepers. I mean, come on, how hard would it be to sound proof doors closing and elevator shafts? Even at the Fairmont in San Franciso (we'd stayed in the tower part last October... very nice view and room, and very very expensive) where the doors slamming were very loud, but luckily, everyone seemed to be in by 9pm.In Minneapolis we stayed at a 5 star (in the famous building where the TV show was filmed, &quot;That Girl&quot; I think) which was again very very nice and expensive but you could hear machinery all night, and for a one night stay, its more disturbing to change rooms than to just put up with it and never go back.In short, someone needs to make sound proof hotels with a sound proof guarantee. Until then, light sleepers like me need to stay home.	
Aug 24 2006	Excellent across the board	We stayed at Le Saint Sulpice 8/16-20 and found it a virtually flawless environment. The staff was uniformly excellent and the accommodations smart and clean, if a bit tight for a family of 5. Recommendations &amp; reservations for restaurants, cultural/sporting/outdoor activities... whatever you want were all addressed promptly and effectively. I travel a lot and this hotel is now at the top of my list.	
Aug 23 2006	Great hotel in old montreal	I booked a room at St Sulpice for a long weekend with my 2 sisters. The lobby is beautiful, the hotel quiet, the staff wonderful. There was plenty of room for all of us to sleep, put down our suitcases, and still have the couch for lounging. (We had a roll away bed plus the Queen sized bed in the room, and left the sleeper sofa as a couch.) The bathroom was huge, with a big claw-foot tub, plus a standup shower big enough for two.Two of us arrived at Noon, before the stated check-in time, and they quickly found us a room that was already clean. Later, the staff managed to find us to give us messages from family members, even though not all of our names were on the registration form. They were so helpful!I will definitely want to stay there on next trip to Montreal.	
Aug 17 2006 	Wonderful Stay	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights in August. The hotel staff were always friendly and accomodating and answered all our questions. The room was wonderful -- tons of room, comfortable seating, nice view of the street. I wasn't too keen on the bed -- it was rather too firm for my taste, but I didn't really expect anything different. My only complaint would be about the maid service. While they do way more than I would expect (like washing the dishes we used from the kitchenette), it was a constant battle to keep our toilet paper and tissues replenished. We finally left a good tip for housekeeping and got some toilet paper. I almost think this is housekeepings way of getting back at the people staying in hotels (this seems to happen more often than not, and not just at this hotel). The rooms were clean, linens fresh, many extras available that normally aren't at other hotels, and the room service was superb!	
Aug 15 2006	Love Canada	I've stayed here a few times now with my wife. Love it and it's location. Try the Le Keg Restaurant.	
Aug 9 2006 	Right across the street from Hotel Nelligan	Spent four nights here in July. This hotel is beautiful, serene, comfortable, and relaxing. We loved the concierge staff, especially Patrick! More wonderful restaurants within a five minute walk than you can patronize in a month long stay. Metro station is 5 minutes walk towards Chinatown.Our deluxe one bedroom suite was big, comfortable, stylish. Love having a fridge. We didn't eat at the hotel, too many awesome choices nearby.This great hotel is 20 feet and $150 a night away from Hotel Nelligan. What a bargain for a great hotel in a terrific location.If you stay: exit hotel lobby, turn right, walk 1/2 block and turn right. Walk another block. Across from the old customs building / current gift shop for the archeology museum is a charming little bistro/deli that has great breakfast, lunch, snacks for very modest prices. Walk another 1/2 block and you find a little downtown convenience store that sells whatever you forgot at home, plus sodas and beer to put in your room's fridge.You don't need coffee cream, though. Each time the room is cleaned, the complimentary bowl of single-serve 2% milks and half-and-half creamers will be replenished. How great is that?	
Aug 9 2006 	Lived up to its reputation	Everything about Le Saint Sulpice - accommodations, location, hospitality - was fantastic. We booked the &quot;Four Seasons&quot; package, which included breakfast and a $50 credit towards the night's stay. Breakfast was not the greatest but we very much enjoyed the cheese plate that we ordered from room service. Our deluxe suite was spacious, modern, clean and quiet - and the L'Occitane toiletries were a nice touch. We were very impressed by the service we received from the concierge/bellman.	
Aug 8 2006	Great jewel in Montreal	Great hotel, the rooms are spacious and furnished nicely. The hotel is not much for night life as for the bar, but everything is just a walk or metro ride away. Old Montreal is where it is located and it is awesome, lovely views and so many little places to walk into for coffee, dinner, or wine. The staff were helpful and eager to assist and were not looking for tips all the time. Typically we stay at Four Seasons or the Ritz Carlton. This hotel is our choice for Montreal. People said the Murphy bed was not comfortable, but we slept perfect. Bathroom is large and plently of room for things on the counter and such. Nice touch also to have great huge windows that open for fresh air.	
Jul 31 2006 	Elegant spacious suite in a perfect location--Excellent spa! Bonus!	Loved this place!! Not sure if all rooms are suites, but ours was--two sets of windows opening onto lovely courtyard, complete with a wedding ceremony/reception to watch on our first evening with our fellow third floor residents. While not the full balcony we had hoped for, the windows opened enough so that it felt like it. One night we had a torrential downpour, and it was so romantic to open up the windows, lean on the rail, and watch the lightning and listen to the rain fall while staying dry...Water was delivered daily, the doormen and concierge were always attentive, every amenity was available, and the accupressure massage in the spa was, put simply, the best I've ever had. If they had an open appointment, we would have gotten a pedicure as well.You cannot beat the location--the waterfront two blocks away, all of the old city at your doorstep, the metro within 200 yards.(Only two suggestions: higher thread count sheets would be nice, and staff need to give more precise directions to restaurants. We missed a reservation because we hunted for the place we were sent without success, even with the map.)The price was right, and I have been raving about all the St. Sulpice since I got home. Thanks for a memorable 20th anniversary!!	
Jul 25 2006	Luxury great location amazing price	A wonderful surprise--luxurious, in a superb location, attentive staff. We booked through a special on Expedia--price was much lower than similar properties and location seemed good--right in Old Montreal. We booked a Junior Suite. Couldn't believe our good fortune when we arrived. A block from the river, right in the heart of Old Montreal. The lobby was lovely--marble, stylish furniture. Our Suite was a true Suite--a large living room, separate bedroom, 3 ample closets, a large bathroom with l'Occitaine bath products, big shower, high thread count linens, a fireplace. The staff couldn't have been nicer, always there to answer questions on restaurants, tourist attractions--they even helped us find a better price on a rental car. Then when we checked out, our balance due was $0, because we had pre-paid through Expedia. (This was unlike a recent experience with Hotels[--], which charged us service fees and taxes, and then I was forced to pay additional service fees and taxes to the hotel, adding $100 to my bill.)I would highly recommend the St. Sulpice to others and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 24 2006 	Great Location Great Hotel	My wife and I have stayed at many hotels in Montreal over the years, mostly on business. This year we decided to go up for the Comedy Fest (John Cleese was phenomal) and to stay in Old Montreal. Based on Trip Advisor reviews we chose the Saint Sulpice and we couldn't be more pleased. For doing the just plain touristy things that Montreal is great for, the hotel was perfectly located - a block or two from the waterfront, bike paths to everywhere, ambience galore. The room was large, modern and quiet. The bed was great.Agree with other posters about the restaurant - forget it - but in all other regards this is a great hotel for a fair price. The location makes me prefer it to the other top rated Montreal hotels.	
Jul 24 2006	Stay here if you can afford it!	This is a fantastic hotel. Admittedly we had the most expensive suite (but it's an all-suite hotel so each one should be spacious) but the place was fantastic, everyone was helpful and friendly (NOT a given in Montreal believe me) and they even rang to say we'd left something in the room and did we want them to post it back.	
Jul 20 2006	wonderful stay	We recently returned from Montreal and wanted to share a wonderful experience at Le Saint Sulpice....comfortable and clean, elegant and attentive to detail. The one bedroom suite was ample and beds comfortable, even the Murphy bed. The staff was responsive and eager to help make our stay memorable. Concierge was excellent. Highly recommend this hotel and will certainly return.	
Jul 19 2006 	Great Hotel!	As usual, I went by the previous reviews of hotels on Trip Advisor and was not disappointed. Le Saint Sulpice is in the old part of Montreal (I can't imagine staying anywhere else if you are in Montreal) and the location is perfect. It's next to Notre Dame on a quiet one-way street and easy walking distance to everything including the port. The lobby is not large nor breathtaking like some high-end hotels, but it is tastefully decorated and elegant. All of the staff was helpful, courteous and non-intrusive. In fact, our porter didn't even wait for a tip and genuinely acted like it was his pleasure to take our bags upstairs. Our room was very large and had a little kitchen containing a stove, pots/pans, dishes and silverware plus a large seating area with a couch that opened up to a bed. The huge windows opened out (slightly tricky too open, but they seal extremely well and block out the noise) to a small courtyard and the dining area for the restaurant. I think some rooms have french doors opening to the courtyard, but the balconies are small and not for lounging. I loved the bathroom with the neoclassical vanity, and the large glass walk-in shower is a dream. While I can't say I visited a lot of hotels in Montreal, I can say that you will not be disappointed with Le Saint Sulpice, especially compared to the chain hotels there which looked like they could be in any American city.	
Jul 18 2006	Very average	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The problem with this one is it is average. It is full of promise but it lacks the finish. Personally, I would pay a little more and get a more memorable and unique visit.The Bad&gt;Friday night the Conceirge has left before 7:00.Concierge made a dubious restaurant recommendation. One was good the other was a half empty restaurant (during the Just for Laughs festival) with good food, average decor and mediocre service.Breakfast is awful and best avoided. It is also served in the lower restaurant, not the beautiful patio. This really is a shame as it is one of the better features.Hard to get a table at times to have a drink on the terrace if you are not eating. This is a problem as there is no bar (other than the lower restaurant)The rooms look great, but they feel pretty flimsy to the touch.The night table drawer still had someone's condoms (still in the packages)and lube in them (discovered as we were leaving... UHGG!). The front desk did nothing other than look disgusted.The Good&gt;The location is great.The staff are friendly.It is not too expensive (Although I would rather pay a little more and get a more unique and memorable experience)It is quiet and likely suited to business travel.If you can budget for more you should. If this is a stretch, you will likely get good value.	
Jul 13 2006	Great hotel and superb location	Just returned from a romantic trip to Montreal for our anniversary. The St Sulpice is a wonderful hotel - and the location can't be beat. The staff is friendly and helpful - the rooms are wonderful (we had a suite with a balcony overlooking the garden restaurant.) and we really enjoyed our stay. The jardin restaruant wasn't too great, though. We had a fairly bad meal one night (overcooked beef and uninspired vegetables) and it was disappointing after such a great stay at the hotel. But, as far as the hotel was concerned, we highly reccommend Le St Sulpice.	
Jul 8 2006	Great place to stay	This was my first visit to Montreal. I asked a friend where to stay and he suggested Old Montreal. If you are going to stay in Old Montreal I cannot imagine a better location than the Saint Sulpice. Located one block behind the Basilica and one block from the waterfront and science museum, everything in Old Montreal is at your footsteps. Each hotel room is a suite. The suites are more like a large hotel room with a wall to separate the bedroom. The staff is superb. I communicated with the concierge before my stay to determine the best place to eat and things to do. They were very cooperative. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 6 2006	tres bon	We stayed at the St. Sulpice from June 26 - 28. The rooms are very comfortable and spacious. Our deluxe suite had a sitting area with pull-out queen and a small bedroom with frosted french doors - this provided some but not complete privacy. The suite was appointed exactly as you would expect for a boutique hotel. It was perfect for our family of four including one teenager. Plenty of storage for clothes.The rooms were very clean and best of all very quiet - there was no noise from above, the street or the hallway - the room doors are recessed slightly and this may have helped. Our room faced St. Paul Street, which tended to be very quiet from 9 p.m. on and then into mid-morning. There was a building being renovated directly across the street so it did not make for the best view but overall was charming. The location is excellent. It is a block or so away from the very commercial and touristy section of St. Paul and you can easily walk to area restaurants and attractions. If you walk down St. Paul's in the opposite direction you come across more boutique type shops and less touristy places to eat along with art galleries. The breakfast was just so-so. Skip it and go to Claude Postel, one block away or Olive and Gourmando two blocks down St. Paul. The work-out room was small but suitable. The staff were very eager to assist and provided great service. The valet was very timely and pleasant. The front desk folks did give us a few vague directions and some incomplete information but otherwise were great. We attended an Alsace wine tasting in the garden - which was so pleasant - it is too bad they do not serve breakfast out there - it is also fun for an after dinner drink. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Jun 21 2006	This hotel is beautiful comfortable and has a great location	This is really a great place to stay. The rooms are spacious, beautiful and so comfortable and relaxing. They have a contemporary restaurant and a comfortable terrace full of gazebos and lush with plants that is lovely.Old Montreal is a wonderful location and there are loads of places to eat and shop around it. We stayed at the Intercontinental previously, and by comparison, we really loved the Saint Suplice , and paid much less money.You wont be sorry...its just the best value, and worth much more.	
Jun 4 2006	Great Service	From the arrival to the check out time, the staff was friendly knowledgeable and always ready to assist.The Houseman was friendly and smiling in the corridors. All the staff is bilingual which is a great asset for us coming from the country next door.The location is perfect on “rue St Sulpice” by one of the most famous Church in Montreal (do not plan to visit it on Saturday and Sunday unless you get married yourself).The underground city in Montreal is something to see,Great restaurants in the old city. Ask Patrick the Concierge to assist you in planning your stay. You won’t regret itOnce again thank you for making it an exceptional stay.	
May 31 2006 	St. Sulpice is the Best	Just a reconfirmation of the other postive reviews. I stayed at the hotel for seven days which can really put a strain on your relationship with a hotel. Not so with the St. Sulpice. everything was excellent from the room to the service. The location near the Palais de Congress was excellent on top of being in old Montreal.	
May 26 2006 	As wonderful as everyone else has said	A group of us stayed here while attending a convention at Palais de Congres for an entire week, and this hotel was as incredible as all the other reviewers have said. To save money, we tripled up in the rooms but it was still comfortable, quiet and lovely. The pull-down Murphy bed was extremely comfortable and the down comforter a real treat. My colleague who slept on the sofa bed really like that--now that's the mark of a good hotel when one of those is comfortable! Everything about the hotel was spectacular and when I next return to Montreal this will be the place I come back to.	
May 10 2006	Another wonderful stay!	This is the second time I've stayed at the St. Sulpice and I have to say that they still managed to &quot;wow&quot; both my girlfriend and I.The room we got was facing Rue St. Paul this time, and it made for a nice time of just gazing outside at the people walking about. Toiletries were from L'Occitane instead of another brand which I can't remember the name of right now, which was certainly a nice luxe touch.Concierge again was great, and always gets us the best table at restaurants even on a short half hour notice.Our room had a faulty climate control, but after getting housekeeping (who were just in the hallway at the time) to try and fix it they ended up calling for the maintenance tech. A quick fix later and the room was cooled down nicely.All in all, a great stay yet again!	
May 2 2006 	Ahhh the spa	I've written a review on this hotel previously but stayed there again last week and wanted to add something. They have a tiny little spa (really just a couple of rooms at the side of the workout area) but don't let the size turn you away. I had a 60 minute massage from a registered massage therapist that was only $70 Cdn. Not only is that about half what most hotel spas charge, but it's $2 less than I pay at home. Ditto for a wonderful facial. Oh, and if you like good cheeses, order the Quebec cheese plate from room service. It is in the dessert section of the menu. It had three cheeses and assorted dried and fresh fruit and was more than enough for dinner for me.	
Apr 24 2006	As promised	Just returned from a wonderful 5 day trip to the city of Montreal and a very satisfying stay at the Hotel Le Saint Sulpice in the Vieux Montreal section of the city. We arrived late on a Thursday and were given an upgrade to an exec. suite which was roomy and comfortable w/ a fireplace and a spacious deck. All the rooms are suites of varying size so I wouldn't want to mislead anyone but as I said this room was ideal. My wife enjoyed a 1 1/2 hr massage in their spa which is not luxe but nonetheless clean and comfortable. There's that word again. All told the hotel is very well located, the staff extremely friendly and helpful, and we would return to the Saint Sulpice in an instant.	
Apr 20 2006	1st class hotel you won't go wrong	This small hotel 1/2 a block from the Notre Dame Cathedral is a gem. Before we even put the car in park a bellman was at our door waiting to assist us! From that point forward this great hotel exceeded our expcations. The room was a mini-suite with a modern but inviting decore. The dinner suggestions provided were excellent and the staff professional. I'm sure you can guess that my wife and I will be back again and again.	
Apr 9 2006	We want to stay here forever!	From the minute we arrived, everything was superb. The rooms, the staff, the food, the cocktails!!!!A beautiful hotel in probably one of the best locations in the city, not far from the metro but far enough away from the hustle and bustle of the city.Only negative comment was on checkout, we travelled with friends who had a car and they tried to charge both parties for car parking, but they sorted it in the end, despite there being no apology for the mistake!	
Mar 22 2006 	Beautiful place	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in early March. Our stay at this hotel did not get off to a promising start. The confirmation e-mail we received from the hotel stated that we would get “a room with fireplace OR balcony” (well, a balcony in early March, in Montreal...??). The lady at reception had a little bit of an attitude (later on she asked me to show some ID in order to make a new keycard, because my old one didn’t work anymore; by that time we’d been at the hotel for 4 days and she’d only seen me walking in and out about a hundred times…!); I should add that she was the ONLY person we found a bit unfriendly, the GUYS were all great! Anyway, she immediately told us that no rooms with a fireplace were available at all (“Sorry, but we have 91% occupancy”). At this my husband got a bit annoyed, and she started click-clacking on her computer for a while; in the end she said that a room with a fireplace would become available the next day. However, she stressed that that room would be exactly the same as the room we would get in the first place, the only difference being that it had a wood-burning fireplace. We decided to check out the new room the next morning, and decide then. The room we got on the first night was quite large (a real suite) and very clean. And it did in fact have a gas fireplace though not a wood-burning one. However, it was a bit long and narrow, and, more importantly, it was VERY hot; it appeared that the thermostat wasn’t working, so we had no way to lower the heat.The next day we went to check out the ‘other’ room; the lady at reception once again stressed that apart from the fireplace this room was exactly the same. However, this room proved to be HUGE, much larger than our old one, with two bedrooms and two bathrooms, all (like everything else in the hotel) very clean and in immaculate condition. Also, it was cool – thermostat functioning just fine here. So our decision was an easy one – we moved immediately. I should also note that the Hotel St. Sulpice was absolutely quiet; no sound to be heard either from the street or from inside the hotel. The only exception was, in our new room, the sound of (we thought) some heating installation just above our head (we were on the 6th – top- floor of the hotel) which we could hear ‘whooshing’ and clunking. But we very quickly got used to this, and it didn’t bother us at all.Apart from our somewhat shaky start, I have nothing but positives to report about this hotel. Friendly and helpful staff, very very quiet, excellent housekeeping. We had a wonderful housekeeper in fact – a very cheerful lady from Ghana who showed up at 9 in the morning. So our room had been done by the time we finished breakfast! The restaurant was excellent, and the bar (while perhaps a tad on the small side) very cosy, with friendly barkeepers. Nice complimentary breakfast, we had the continental one but it was more than adequate. And again, friendly and quick service both at breakfast and at dinner. Fantastic location, within 5 minutes walking distance from lots of restaurants, bars, art galleries etc. etc. But in spite of all this the hotel itself was very quiet, as said. So on the whole we had a very very positive experience at this hotel – much recommended!We also checked out several other hotels in Old Montreal; I would like to give my impressions below. Please note that we did NOT stay at these places, so these are just our first impressions!Auberge Bonaparte. We did not stay here but an acquaintance of ours, who was in Montreal at the same time, did. He was extremely positive about the hotel. We had dinner at the restaurant, and it was excellent. Great atmosphere in the lobby too – staff appeared very friendly. On the whole, the hotel seemed somewhat less ‘upscale’ than St. Sulpice, but of course it was quite a bit cheaper too! Hotel Nelligan. Looked like an absolute winner to us! This is the place we would like to try next time we are in Montreal. Like St. Sulpice the lobby is spacious, but the atmosphere is warmer. Large bar with (unusually) lots of different draft beers. Fantastic layout – we loved the courtyard and the easy chairs. Excellent service, too. Dinner at the restaurant (Verses) is certainly the best we’ve had while in Montreal. Hotel XIe siecle. Checked this out briefly. It looked very nice: basic, unpretentious and very ‘bookish’. Lots of books in the lobby – people reading, working at their laptops, etc. Our sort of place for sure.Le St. James. We had an excellent cup of coffee here. Wow, what a place! This has got to be one of Montreal’s most expensive hotels, and it shows. A beautiful building, perfectly kept and furnishing, extremely polite and friendly waiters, all silver coffee service – everything just perfect and VERY chic. If we would have just a little more money (or if the hotel has some packages at a reduced price) we’d love to stay here.Auberge du Vieux Port. Again, checked it out briefly. Great location, right on the water on one side, and on one of Montreal’s most touristy streets (but nice) on the other side. The hotel itself looked fairly basic and unpretentious, with a small but friendly- and cosy-looking lobby. Definitely worth a try! Hotel des Armes. Actually, we didn't really check out this hotel. We did attempt to have dinner at the hotel’s restaurant, Suite 701. But after have waited near the entrance for five minutes or so, and having been totally ignored by the waiters who were occupied with the few guests, we left. We didn’t like the atmosphere, and also we found it significant that on evening when just about all restaurants were quite full, this one was almost empty. So we decided to forget about the hotel.	
Feb 21 2006	Another great stay at St Sulpice	This was my second trip to Montreal, and my second stay at St Sulpice. I absolutely love this hotel. The service is top notch staff is friendly and helpful. I paid the additional nightly fee for a suite to avoid the Murphy bed. To me, it's worth the $20 or so extra per night to have so much additional space and a comfortable bed. We had another lovely suite- this time with a fireplace. The bathroom was larger than our suite from last year- we had a double sink and did not have the frosted glass btwn the bath &amp; bedroom. Only disappointment in this layout was that the bedroom did not have a dressing table. However, we did have a larger living room.I love that they remember little details- like the personalized business cards upon check in, the nightly bottled water, and the card showing the weather forecast for the next day. I've read reviews here before about the free breakfast- once again I didn't try the breakfast. There is a fabulous pastry shop about four doors down on Notre Dame called Claude Postel. Drag yourself out of bed and spend the money you would have spent tipping the waitstaff for the free hotel breakfast at Claude Postel. It's worth it! Even in the bitter cold!! As long as CP is open, I don't think I will ever eat the hotel breakfast.We ate dinner on our last night at the S Restaurant in the hotel. The food was tasty, but not very adventurous, and was more expensive than some of the delicious meals we had during the weekend. It was what I expeceted food to be at a hotel of this calibur.Spa staff was great, front desk staff was very helpful, valet was prompt with our car, room was clean and neat. Another wonderful stay at this hotel- can't wait to return!	
Feb 19 2006	Fantastic boutique hotel	Stayed at the St. Sulpice for my birthday. I would have to say the staff is the friendliest and most attentive staff i have ever experienced. Julien the concierge was great and had everything i requested perfect, he went above and beyond. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. My wife and I had a hard time getting motivated to leave the bed it was so comfortable. The rooms with the real fireplaces are the way to go. The only drawback was no lobby bar but I do recommend the bar at the hotel Nelligan just around the corner. For a bit more uptempo lounge walk one block to the club 701. Great location walking distance to Gibbys and short cab ride to Le Que De Chaval. You will not be disappointed in this hotel.	
Jan 13 2006	Loved Le Saint Sulpice a little gem in old Montreal	We stayed at the Saint Suplice for 2 nights just before Christmas and thought this boutique hotel was delightful. The room was spacious and very well equipped. The staff were outstanding, so helpful and informative, they could not do enough for us. The location of the hotel is a stones throw away from some good restaurants in the Old Town and although it is a 10/15 minute walk to the main shopping area, it is lovely to escape back to Old Montreal and this hotel at the end of the day. Would definitely receommend it.	
Nov 27 2005	I really wanted to like this property... but......	I really wanted to like this property. The location, behind the Cathedral Notre-Dame in Old Montreal, is perfect. Most of the staff tries very hard to please (more on that in a second). It's quieter and less of a scene than most hotels I've stayed at here.But...There's something weird about the rooms. Mine had a TV but no stereo, CD player, or anything but a clock radio. The furniture and carpets need an update -- scratches, rips, stains all over. Not the end of the world, but not what you want from a property aiming for four stars. Sheets and towels look a little worn.About the staff: Almost all of them are courteous, friendly, and accommodating. But the women who work at the weird little gym on the 5th floor seem seriously unhappy. While I exercised one day, they amused themselves by draping the large guest towels around their heads and waists and prancing around - not the most professional behavior.	
Nov 12 2005	Nice hotel but not for everyone	First off, I want to say that the hotel is a nice property, with great staff, in a beautiful area. But, I think it really depends what you are looking for, and what your preference is. For my wife and I, we didn't realize until staying at st. sulpice that we prefer a cozy (but good size) hotel room over a suite hotel room with kitchenette, and living area space. I think these rooms are ideal for people who have a family, or have friends over to enjoy a drink before a night on the town. If thats the case, st. sulpice can't be beat. As for the location, it's ideal for old montreal, but it's still a 20 minute walk or so up to saint catherine. There are many other hotels which are located more in the middle (10 minutes to old montreal, 10 minutes to downtown). But again, if staying in Old Montreal is your thing, the location can't be beat. Another thing which I noticed on tripadvisor were the comments about the murphy bed. I agree, there is simply no need for it, and it's not all that comfortable. The room is big enough, I won't need to put the bed back into the wall to save space? Also, the shower 'wall' which you can see the shadows from the living room just doesn't make alot of sense. I'm into chic and trendy things, but I found this unnecessary.So, I don't want to be too hard on st. sulpice (I did give it 4) because although it's not exactly what my wife and I were looking for, it could be ideal for others.	
Nov 10 2005	Wedding proposal blessed by the Sulpice gods	I've recently stayed at the St-Sulpice as I wanted a special place to do my wedding proposal. One day before my arrival,I called the concierge (Patrick) who ended up working miracles for me. I told him: do whatever it takes to make it nice, fuzzy, warm and romantic. He had the flowers, the rose petals, the music, the candles, the fireplace, the violonist, the champagne, the strawberries, etc. His ideas were unlimited. Of course my girlfriend said: YES!!! Nonetheless, the room was charming, the rest of the staff was way up to par more so than many hotels I've traveled in. This staff takes their job to heart and it shows. Great bellmen and frontdesk clerks. Very few names I remembered cause they were all great. (Dave, Rafel, Mike, Julian, Mary-Helen). Wow! St-Sulpice, you know what it takes to be on the top, BRAVO! I will definitely come back in remembrance of this day. Thank you all for your great work!	
Nov 8 2005 	Perfect in every way	We travel a great deal and stay primarily in 5 star hotels. Although this hotel is not quite in that category, we chose it because of the old world charm of both the building and environment and we were not disappointed. We've stayed 3 times, with teenaged daughters, and the extra space was welcome and very affordable. Great bars and restaurants nearby, and the hotel staff went over and above to accommodate our every desire.	
Nov 8 2005	Everything we had hoped for	Went to Montreal for a weekend with my three sisters last september.We had booked a suite on the 3rd flour. It was everything we had hoped for and more.The beds were confortable, the bathroom was beautiful and the service was excellent.The dining room were we had our breakfast was very nice and comfortable, the food excellent and the service also excellent.In old Montreal and not far from many other attractions.An experience by itself! Will certainly go back at that magnificent hotel.	
Oct 28 2005	St. Wonderful	Stayed at the St. Sulpice for a week starting Oct 19/05. Very enjoyable experience, great front desk nothing seemed too much trouble. The suite we had was romantic, well laid out and I really loved the bathroom with probably the best selection of toiletries around. Right in old Montreal but deadly quiet. Will be booking again!!	
Oct 21 2005	A delight in Montreal	Le St. Sulpice did not disappoint in any aspect. The room was stylish, spacious, and very comfortable. Linens were lovely. Housekeeping was attentive and thorough.The desk staff was efficient and helpful. My three nights there were delightful and I would head back again on a return trip to Montreal. A great find thanks to Montreal friends was the Brunoise restaurant at 3807 St. Andre. The food was delicious, the wine quite good, and the cost about $163 US for a three course meal for two and bottle of wine. Toque was another story; the tasting menu with wine for two was $315 US. The menu is a mystery so you do not know what you are ordering. Perhaps the mystery is necessary; I would not have ordered it had I known what was to be included. Service was spotty; another table's entree was served to me,then picked up and served at that table. Large baskets of bread were served; I noticed that the bread was devoured at all the tables ordering the tasting menu. Given the slow service and minute portions (think one scallop in its shell), the bread was the staple of the evening.	
Oct 13 2005	Nice hotel.	We stayed at Le Saint Sulpice for three nights following a cruise in late September 2005. It is a very nice hotel and the location is excellent. We had a one bedroom suite that was well appointed, but I will offer a couple of areas that could be improved.In the bedroom, there is no place to put a suitcase, so short of unpacking everything it is a bit annoying. The door knob to the bedroom fell off the first time my wife touched it. Fortunately it missed her foot as the hotel uses nothing but heavy high quality fixtures. The housekeeping staff did not vacume the carpets at any time during our stay. As we had some very high winds and lousy weather one day, there was &quot;stuff&quot; on the carpet that needed attention.The staff were very professional and courteous. We would stay here again, given the opportunity. Be aware of the significant room taxes when you book.	
Oct 12 2005	Stunning	I like many others booked this hotel on the strength of all the reviews and was not dissapointed. Actually to start with we got off to a bad start, our room was smoky- strange for a non smoking hotel. But this was dealt with brialliantly and we were given another room. I loved having the kitchenette, the lovely extras such as decent tea, the wonderful bed (which was very comfortable) and bathroom. Actually we did not enjoy Montreal itself too much, Quebec was much nicer to us. But this hotel was worth a visit in its own right	
Oct 11 2005	Excellent in all respects	Last week we planned to spend three days at the Saint Sulpice and ended up with four days due to car problems. The folks at this hotel were extremely helpful working through our car problems and were always thinking ahead -- for example, inquiring about calling ahead to cancel our planned stay in Quebec City when the car broke down; providing a &quot;wait room&quot; for my wife after checking out while I spent the day at the car dealer trying to get the car repaired.The hotel was superb in all respects, somewhat modern in its appointments. Our room on the 5th floor had a decently sized wrap-around balcony with a wonderful suite -- that included a woodburning fireplace and a small kitchenette. Location was excellent, adjoining Notre Dame and perfectly located in the Old City.If you like quality, and want to be in Old Montreal, you'll be very satisfied with this hotel.	
Sep 25 2005	Impressive	We have just returned from the Saint Sulpice Hotel in Montreal after a 4 day mini holiday and I must say , this is a very impressive small hotel. European in flavour, the suites are spacious, very clean and in our suite, we enjoyed 2 bedrooms, 2 baths with glass top counters, fireplace and windows that opened to view the small streets and sounds of old Montreal. The mini bar was well stocked in our kitchenette but the price to sample any of the liquour or juices was way too high. The hotel is in a great location in old Montreal, with Notre Dame Basilica right next door. Close to quaint bistros and cafes, you are never far from great dining. We found the hotel restaurant a bit pricey and somewhat limited in choices. However the staff was friendly and helpful and I would not hesitate to stay here again. All in all, a lovely hotel!	
Sep 12 2005	beautiful boutique hotel in Old Montreal	We stayed last fall and it was beautiful...The fireplace...The room was pretty big and had a little seating area...We loved it and the location was great.	
Aug 31 2005	St-Terrific!!!	First off all, I don't know why the other reviews talk down about the Murphy Bed. It was just a trendy furniture with a real mattress. I've stayed previously with my girlfriend in a Deluxe closed bedroom last time and I can assure you that it is the same mattress and firmness with a tad of heavenly soft on the top. Now to the good stuff. As it was our second stay, we knew very well where we were going. The hotel is super well located in the heart of Old Montreal behind the Notre-Dame Basilica which is holding an Exhibition on the artifacts of the Vatican's museum. You should go and have a look. WOW!The staff as usual was very pleasant and helpful. Some of them even recognized us from a year before. I took the time to remember some of the names of many good employees such as Michael, Rafal, Dave, Luis and the lovely Anthea. Although we had been here before, we made sure to look for the Chef Concierge Patrick who had given us great restaurant recommendations last time. He gave us the 411 on what was happening and the new restaurants we should try out and the new whereabouts for shopping. Wow! Once again he didn't fell us and sent us to great eating places (Club Chasse et Peche, Version Laurent Godbout, Europea and Boris Bistro). Last but not least, we had been referred by Julien to try out the lunch on the MAGNIFICENT terrasse in the back. They have this hidden garden located in the back of the hotel and the kitchen cooks BBQ grilled meat and vegetables outside in front of you. Food was delicious and the service way up there just like the hotel. I took time to remember two fantastic waiters, Bojan and Etiene I think.In sum, all I can say is that becoming the best is easy but staying the best is the hardest part and all of you at the St-Sulpice seemed to know what it takes to stay on TOP. Great job and keep it up!	
Aug 28 2005	A Wonderful Stay	My husband and I stayed at Le St. Sulpice on August 18 and August 23; due to flight connections going to and from Metis-Sur- Mer. We chose this hotel based upon Trip Advisor reviews. Our room reservations were booked directly through the hotel. We chose the &quot;deluxe room suite&quot; which had a very comfortable queen bed and a separate murphy bed in the livingroom. The hotel website gave excellent room rate package options. Our room was exceptionally clean and I value the large window which opened over the courtyard. We kept the window open for fresh air and didn't need the air conditioning system. It appears we got an upgrade by having a top floor room which had city and courtyard views. As per earlier reviews, food service is excellent at Le Restaurant, but the breakfast buffet was &quot;standard&quot; fare. We did like the convenience of the restaurant opening at 6:30am. The hotel staff was excellent; very attentive and friendly. Location is the best, with the Basilica right next door; and we easily walked everywhere in Old Montreal, Chinatown and Downtown. We rate this hotel as one of the best we have stayed in.	
Aug 26 2005	It's true the beds are very hard!	Stayed from July 25 to July 30. The location is great. Lots to do within walking distance.The murphy bed is very hard. We told the front desk and they placed a thin feather bed on the mattress. It really helped.The room was not vacuumed our enitire stay. The hallway was not vacuumed for four days.The rooms on the street are very noisy.In spite of all of this, we had a great time in Montreal.	
Aug 24 2005	Great Hotel - Excellent staff	Myfriend and I stayed at Le Saint Sulpice, August 6-9, basd on the superior reviews posted on this website. Our experience validated the reviews! Le Saint Sulpice is a boutique hotel located in Old Montreal (Le Vieux-Montreal) right next to the Notre-Dame Basilica. We found the location to be perfect. We walked to the main shopping areas, Chinatown, the Metro, etc. Every inch of the hotel seems to be immaculately clean- the lobby, the corriders and especially the rooms. We had a standard one-bedroom suite, which was beautifully decorated with modern furnishings. The rooms are very spacious and comfortable. The only oddity was the Murphy Bed. I don't understand the need for it. The minibar had enough room for all the snacks we picked-up and the kitchenette was very functional. Special mention to the excellent staff - we were greeted by the doorman Luis and Rafal- Great Job!! Our numberous questions were easily answereed by Michel , Antony and Mark - the front desk team - Great work guys. You made our trip!!!	
Aug 20 2005	Not all it's cracked up to be	Perhaps we'd been spoilt by the fabulous Auberge Saint Aintoine in Quebec City, but the Saint Sulpice was a little bit of a disappointment. It's location is excellent, but the room we were given (which we subsequently discovered to be one of the smallest in the hotel) was hardly the &quot;loft siuite&quot; it claimed to be. In fact it was not a suite at all - just one room - and given that the TV was opposite the bed rather than the sofa you couldn't even pretend it was a suite. The bed itself folded down from the wall, which wasn't in itself much of a problem (other than having to clamber in over a large frame) but it was rather bizarre.However, our biggest gripe was the restaurant where almost unbelievably they allow smoking in all areas - I was just amazed by this. Also, they short-changed me on both occasions we ate there; once could be a mistake, but twice...Perhaps I'm being fussy but I expect better at these prices.	
Aug 17 2005	Nice Place	We stayed at Le St. Sulpice from Aug. 5-8, 2005. It is a very nice hotel in Old Montreal. Basically, all the past reviews are true. The service is excellent and the hotel is good. CONCIERGE:As it was our 26th anniversary, I had called the concierge to have a nice bottle of Champagne waiting and I wanted a CD player. Both were there. I also had him make dinner reservations for us- he made them at Modavie, a short walk away. I did it all by email.ROOM:Stayed in the room with the Murphy Bed. (We weren't offered an upgrade, which I was hoping for.) About that Murphy Bed: I don't understand the need for it. Why not a regular bed? AND, yes, it was NOT comfortable. Very hard and thin. Neither my husband or I slept well. That glass wall/panel from the bathroom was sort of strange. The bathroom light would light up the bed room. We didn't like that.Fireplace- UGLY electric fireplace. While it may add some ambiance to the room maybe in the winter, it took up MUCH space. And was VERY UGLY.Furniture was comfortable. My husband loved the leather chair. I actually slept on the sofa our 3rd night because my back couldn't take the bed another night. I didn't open it up- just slept on top of it. The kitchenette was cute and looked efficient. We didn't use it- just the refridgerator. AC was good- no problems. We had a nightly turndown- nice touch. Daily paper- English. The bathroom (except that glass wall) is simply STUNNING. The soaking tub was to die for! Toiletries okay- BTW- the &quot;better&quot; rooms get L'Occitane. I felt a little insulted- I was paying ALOT of $$ too! (took some L'Occitane shampoo from the housekeeper cart though- shame on me....) There was virtually no noise from the street when the windows were shut. That was nice because it is in a very busy neighborhood. Robes were soft and comfy.BREAKFAST:It was okay. It is included with most room rate packages. Astounding $18 dollars if you pay separately! It is cold continental but for $2 more you can have steam table eggs &amp; bacon. They used THE SAME pastries everyday though! Every morning there was less pastry selection and they were clearly from the day before. NOT a nice touch. They should just buy less each time so they can refresh daily. Service in restaurant (breakfast) was excellent. We didn't eat any other meals there.VALET:Some of the nicest guys I've met! Very friendly AND efficient. Don't lament the cost- there is pretty much no where to park on your own, so just pay it and grin &amp; bear it. MINIBAR:Like any other, SUPER expensive. We never use them. BUT CHECK YOUR BILL CAREFULLY- we were charged for something we didn't use. We were checking our bill daily on the TV. No problem. When we told them, they apologized and promptly took it off. It is in a very convenient location. Walking distance to everything in Old Montreal. Very beautiful, especially while we were there.You are TAXED to death in Montreal/Quebec. Keep that in mind when you figure out gratuities. We got about $44 US back when we crossed the border. Gas is cheaper there- at least when we were there. Who knows now what with how rapidly the price is going up. MONTREAL DRIVERS:CAUTION-CAUTION-CAUTION-CAUTION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!And people say Massachusetts drivers are BAD. Need I say anything more?We ate at Modavie- good Jazz band and good food The Keg- very good and reasonable pricedCan't remember where else....sorry. It was an outside restaurant that was very good- right near Modavie.BOTTOM LINE:I WOULD recommend Le St.Sulpice and I probably WOULD stay there again. Just wish they would 1.) replace the beds. 2.) Get rid of the bathroom glass wall	
Aug 17 2005	Great rooms service location food.	My mother and I stayed at this hotel and we thought it was fabulous. The way the rooms are set up - like small suites - was just wonderful for a vacation. It was as if we each had our own room, for the price of one. If one of us wanted to stay up late or get up early it wasn't a problem.One night we ate dinner at the hotel restaurant. Frankly, we were just expecting mediocre &quot;hotel food.&quot; But we were delighted at the meal and agree that, for both of us, it was one of the best restaurant meals we had ever had. And for two foodies from Chicago, that's pretty good.The concierge was great. I left my sweater in a taxi and they scoured the city and found it.Wonderful!	
Aug 15 2005	One of the Best Hotels Ever	We took a cab to the Saint Sulpice and were pleased at the warm hues and classy furniture in the lobby. The room was great- quiet- we faced the street- double glass- the bed was super comfy- they left coffee and real cream every nite to be made the next morning. The staff was really helpful unlike any hotel I have been in ( and I have traveled in 5 star hotels from Rome to NY). They offered to make reservations at Gibby's steak house( best one I ever ate at and I have ate at them all - Mortons, Ruth Chris etc.- and much cheaper) The staff even called Hertz for us and got them to pay for the cab ride from the hotel to the rental agency. Montreal was hot but the air condioner was great. All the staff at the hotel speak great English- as do most Montrealers. Rent bikes down the street and take a ride down the River. When you get back to the hotel relax in the great lounge. As for the free breakfast- I am on a health diet so it left much to be desired(eggs, bacon, croissants etc) but it was free so I nibbled on the great toast.If you can afford the Saint Sulpice I cant say anything negative about it. My wife loves &quot;fine things&quot; and raved about the bathroom and the tolietries- plus the high tech design and lighting- and remember- these rooms are suites so that while other Hotels, in the town are beautiful- you don't get the same size room that you get here.	
Aug 13 2005	Candice 	My husband and I spent a few nights there this spring and were pleasantly surprised. The hotel upgraded us at check-in without us asking. The suite was roomy, comfortable and the bathroom was very nicely done. The only complain was the so called fireplace – a prefabricated gas unit enclosed with brick veneer; it looked cheesy and unworthy a place in the room because it is nonfunctional esthetically nor practically. The concierge and doormen were very helpful and sincere. Valet parking service earns another plus. Other hotel amenities were also worth mentioning. I had the best massage at the house spa. The spa/gym is small but has all the essentials. The hotel restaurant was expensive for Montreal standard however they receive a 4-star across for the cuisine, service and the atmosphere. The location of the hotel is most excellent; surrounded by wonderful shops and art galleries in the heart of the Old Port. Get off the main roads if you wish to stay away from souvenir shops.	
Aug 12 2005 	Great stay - great location - great rooms	Took the TripAdvisor recommendations on board and booked a stay at this hotel using Expedia. Got a great rate which made the stay even better. Friendly front desk staff and concierges. The room was really good, a big bath suitable for two and a separate stand up shower. Nice comfy bed and separate living room with TV - windows overlooked yard. The bonus was having a very well equipped kitchenette too. Great for making sandwiches and snacks for our trips out of the city. The fridge had plenty of room for our food too. Plenty of cutlery, plates, bowls and a microwave.The rooms in this hotel were as good as any European hotel I have stayed in. Now what could be better? The lighting in the living area was a bit too subdued and akward to control centrally. The glass wall between the bathroom and bedroom could distrub someone sleeping if someone else used the bathroom at night.The restaurant and breakfasts were really good with excellent service. However, some tables close to the restaurant entrance seemed to have lots of flies when we were there on several hot August days - not a serious problem but the staff could do with managing it.We went out to the rear garden restaurant one evening for a drink and it too was very dark and service was a bit slow. Car parking is extra but you are in the middle of Old or Vieux Montreal. Cab s arrived promptly on request and the local Metro station is 5-6 mins walk away giving easy access to other parts of the city.Highly recommended and I will have no hesitation in staying there on future visits to Montreal - way better than one of those 80s / 90s chain hotels that claim to be 4 or 5 star.	
Aug 10 2005	Great Location	Great location in the midst of Old Montreal. The highlights of the hotel were: nicely appointed clean room, quiet location, short distance to Metro stop, better than average gym and access to many good restaurants within a few blocks of hotel. Disappointed to find out that if you book with Expedia your room will not include breakfast which apparently is included for most other types of reservations. In this situation consider saving a bundle of money by eating breakfast in one of several cafes just around the corner. Also, conceige was helpful with directions but restaurant recommmendations were no better than our random selections.	
Aug 4 2005	Excellent	We stayed here for the last 3 nights of our honeymoon in July. The suite was lovely - and huge as well. Very modern but yet comfortable, and the rest of the hotel was equally lovely. My husband made full use of the gym and thought is was better than a lot of hotel gyms but I have to say that the spa wasn't really worth that much of a look.This is a great place to stay for a weekend break and an ideal base for exploring the city. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay!	
Jul 20 2005 	Superb	My stay at Le Saint Sulpice was wonderful. The location is prime, just off the main avenues in Vieux Montreal, one can walk to everything including the Metro. The lobby and public spaces are beautiful; my room was spacious, modern, uniquely divided, luxuriously appointed and comfortable. The decor is rich with woods and frosted glass. Such a nice relief from the cookie cutter rooms one sees so prevelant in North American hotels. I stayed in a suite with a view of a coutyard which looked spectucular with plantings and al fresco diners at tables with white umbrellas. Service was attentive, professional and courteous. Helpful concierge service was available. The included continental breakfast was standard, but satisfying and served in a pleasant restaurant space. I didn't eat luch or dinner at the hotel, but it appeared popular. I also didn't have an opportunity to enjoy the in hotel spa, but it did look tempting. Expensive, but rewarding. A real treat.	
Jul 19 2005	Le Saint Sulpice	We stayed at Le Saint Sulpice for a few days in July, 2005. We came to the very lovely city of Montreal for the Cirque du Soleil water show at the FINA Water Olympics. Le Saint Sulpice easy exceeded our expectations in several respects. We left quite pleased with our stay and very willing to return. Le Saint Sulpice is a boutique hotel located in Old Montreal (le Vieux-Montréal). The Old Montreal district is appropriately lively with a great many shops, restaurants, and public spaces. The streets were quite busy until very late in the evening. We had dinner at a great French/Italian fusion restaurant located just a few blocks from the hotel. The restaurant was recommended by the concierge who also made our reservations. The hotel staff were very professional and helpful. Everyone was friendly and perfectly bilingual. We picked up a few basic words of French which seem to have been appreciated. The hotel staff provided culinary recommendations as well as directions around the city. They carefully marked each destination on our map and explained how to use the Metro which was useful. We would never have been able to get home from the FINA opening ceremonies without the subway. Via the Metro it was facile. The hotel is located right next to a famous Montreal church, the Notre-Dame Basilica. The church was then showing &quot;Saint Peter and the Vatican: The Legacy of the Popes&quot; a fascinating exhibit of Papal art going back to the very beginnings of the church. Indeed, the exhibit was more about the history of the church than the many artistic wonders of the Papacy (of which their were many). The hotel is quite new (three years old, I think) although the building might be from an earlier period. The rooms are quite spacious and organized as suites (at least ours was). Each of the rooms and the common areas are nicely decorated. However, I am not the right person to comment on the architectural nuances. However, one nice touch was a translucent mirror wall between the bedroom and the bathroom. You couldn't see into the bathroom. However, if the bathroom lights were on, the bedroom was partially illuminated. Our suite included a queen bed that was very comfortable. During our stay, the weather in Montreal was balmy with highs around 28/29 Centigrade (middles 80s in Fahrenheit). After a long day walking around Montreal including climbing Mount Royal, our room, cooled to perfection was a welcome respite. The hotel includes an indoor/outdoor restaurant that looked very nice. However, we never had an opportunity to try it.  Montreal has at least one other entertainment district, in addition to Old Montreal. We found a great many nice restaurants around Crescent street located below Mount Royal. This area is a reasonable walk from the hotel, although after a full day including Jazz until 1 AM, we did take a cab home. Interestingly enough, the Jazz club (Upstairs) was pointed out to us by the Montreal police who were quite friendly and helpful. My only modest critique of Le Saint Sulpice is that the shower water pressure was somewhat lower than expected. The hotel was perfectly clean although we never saw the stuff who kept it that way. Overall, Le Saint Sulpice was a great choice in a city with many hotels. Notably, it wasn't particularly expensive in spite of the many amenities and services offered. Highly recommended.	
Jul 13 2005 	Wonderful and Relaxing	We spent two days at the hotel. It was very clean and quite modern. The breakfast at the hotel was excellent. We could not have asked for friendlier service anywhere in the hotel, from the moment we checked in till we left. It was well within walking distance to everything in &quot;Old Montreal&quot; as well as St' Cathreine's Street for the shopping enthusiast. Many excellent Restaurants, eveything within a few minutes. Great location for a getaway. I would definately stay here again! Also everyone was very fluent in English. Bonus.	
Jul 8 2005	If you're looking for a charming hotel this is it!	My boyfriend and I just returned from a 5 day visit to Montreal and absolutely loved Le Saint Sulpice! Our decision to stay here was mostly based on the positive reviews that were posted on this site, and I honestly can't say one bad thing about it (well, except for the free buffet breakfast included with our room rate. It was mediocre, but free, so we weren't complaining). We arrived around 1:30 AM and were greeted with a friendly smile. The air conditioner wasn't working properly in our room, so after 3 attempts to fix the problem, we were moved (and upgraded) the very next day.The rooms are very spacious, clean and comfortable. We found the staff to be very helpful. We lost our travel book on the flight, so we relied heavily on the concierge for dinner suggestions. We can honestly say that every restaurant that was recommended (and many that we stumbled across on our own) were excellent. The &quot;okay&quot; ones were still above average.We found the location of the hotel to be perfect. Old Port was a couple blocks away. Place Jacques-Cartier is a must see (located in the Old Port area). It is mainly a pedestrian street loaded with quaint cafes and restaurants.Rue Saint-Paul borders the hotel and is also load with fantastic restaurants and coffee shops.Chinatown is a couple blocks from the hotel. If you like good chinese food and don't need all the fluff of a fancy place, check out Beijing Restaurant. The decor is nothing fancy, but the food is great.Another great area we discovered downtown is The Latin Quarter (located off Rue St. Denis). There are a lot of cafes (not really fancy restaurants). We stumbled across Rue Prince Arthur (a cute cobble stone pedestrian St.), which also had outdoor cafes.Jazzfest was going on downtown during our stay and was amazing. It was a quick trip via metro, or a nice 15-20 minute walk from the hotel.Downtown is definitely a must see, but I definitely recommend staying in Old Montreal. It is a little quieter and more charming than downtown, but is still close to the hustle and bustle of the city.In closing, I definitely recommend Le Saint Sulpice if you are looking for a hotel that is conveniently located, quiet, charming, spacious and comfortable. We will definitely stay there again if we ever return to Montreal!	
Jul 5 2005	Like having a Condo in a Great Location with a friendly staff	We stayed at Le Saint Sulpice for 3 nights. We got in very late, (12 am), the first night &amp; were greeted by two very nice &amp; helpful staff members. Anything we needed the staff would immediately accommodate us &amp; they also had great suggestions on where to go for entertainment, etc. The food in the restaurant was incredible, the chocolate torte was most delectable and the waiter, Martine, never rushed us, even after the restaurant was closed; although, the maitre de was not so friendly, he was actually very rude both times we tried to dine there. The rooms were so comfortable with a goose down comforter and big bathroom. My room had a balcony &amp; living room which was great since we were traveling with friends; when they came over we could &quot;entertain&quot; in our suite. I loved the location because we were a step a way from everything...we did so much walking. The jazz festival was 5 blocks north, the port was one block south and touristy stuff was a few blocks away. I had a great time &amp; would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 4 2005 	Great Location Great Rooms	I recently stayed at Le Saint Sulpice while attending a conference in Montreal. The hotel is perfectly located close to the convention centre (Palais de Congress) but it is right in Old Montreal as well. I don't think you can find a better location.The rooms are large, comfortable and well appointed. I read a few reviews on this site criticizing the service, but I found the service to be superb. Friendly and efficient. The hotel did make a minor error regarding adjoining rooms, but that wasn't a big deal. I also visited a client that had one of the two bedroom suites. The suites are really nice. Big and well decorated and it even has a real fireplace. My colleagues in the suite were equally impressed with the hotel.	
Jul 3 2005	Clean and roomy luxury	My wife and I stayed one night at the Saint Sulpice while driving back from our honeymoon in the Eastern Townships of Quebec. We were very happy with our stay. If you like your hotel rooms to be clean and roomy, Saint Sulpice is the place for you.Every inch of the hotel seems to be immaculately clean – the lobby, the corridors, and especially the rooms. We had a standard one-bedroom suite, which was beautifully decorated with modern furnishings. The room had one of the largest bathrooms I have ever seen in a hotel room; it provided more than enough room for two people to get ready to go out for dinner. Our room also had a very comfortable leather smoking chair that was great for reading.The hotel is in a great location in the old port of Montreal; it is on the west side of the old port, so it is far enough from the really touristy part of the district. Also, it is about a five minute walk to the nearest subway station, which makes it very convenient for exploring Montreal. The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly throughout our stay. At check-in, the original room we were assigned to smelled of cigarette smoke (even though it was on a non-smoking floor); we were promptly moved to a new room. We forgot our umbrella and coats in the car (valet parking), and the bellhop went to retrieve them for us. One should keep in mind that we stayed on a weekday night, and the hotel did not seem all that busy.All in all, my wife and I would definitely go back to the Saint Sulpice.	
Jun 29 2005	Wonderful Stay	We went to the St Sulpice for our anniversary and were met by a very accomodating staff. The suite was beautiful and quite comfortable and clean. The restaurant food was excellent and the waiter very friendly (the only rudeness were the other customers at the next table). Went to the spa and dealt with more nice people. Couldn't ask for a better location, close to everything but far enough from St. Jaques square to have it quiet as well. Would definately enjoy another stay at the St. Sulpice.	
Jun 21 2005	Rude Service	I stayed at the St. Sulpice last August for four nights. It was our fifth time staying in this hotel, and my wife and I have always found it to be an exquisite place to stay in Old Montreal. However, this time we had a problem. When flying in to Montreal, my wallet was lost at the airport, or in transit, and I had to pay for my room in cash. This was not an issue for me, whereas my wife had her ATM card, and we had access to our $. However, the staff became extremely rude, and were calling my room constantly, demanding I come down to the front desk and pay for my room in advance for the day, every day. They absolutely added insult to injury, whereas my stay which is usually a pleasureable one turned into a real 'hassle' because of my lack of having my credit card. Finally, on the 3rd day, Monday, my bank sent a replacement card to the hotel. I packed our luggage, went down to the desk, and promptly checked out! It was unfortunate that the staff did not look into their records to see that I was a frequent guest at their hotel, who did not deserve to be treated this way. Yes, it is a beautiful hotel, but if you should stay there, and find yourself with a small problem, as we did, you are better off packing you bags and checking into The Marriott, as we did!	
May 18 2005	Be aware!!!	We recently stayed at the St-Sulpice for a weekend and was treated terribly. It first began with the valet being rude as he thought maybe because I was driving an inexpensive 1998 Toyota Camry, I should not park in front of the hotel. He was extremely rude while informing me and my wife that it was for GUests Only!! He was shocked to learn we were guests. Check in was a disaster, as they could not find our rsvp( Good thing my wife printed the confirmation letter) After seeing our room, we felt better but it was dirty still!!! The bellman apologized and we returned to the lobby until it could be fixed. One Hour later!!! For the price we paid, they did not even compensate us with anything! Breakfast the next morning was good but the staff didnot have any information on bus tours and seemed clueless? Overall. it was not a memorable experience, and I unfortunately cannot reccommend this hotel. It is it worth 400$? Never!	
May 10 2005 	Excellent Hotel and Great Location	This property, located in Old Montreal, is definitely far above average. I wasn't certain what to expect, but had researched it as much as possible on TripAdvisor before booking a three-night stay. (Tip: book through Bonjour Quebec, the official tourist Web site, for great rates.) The staff was extremely friendly, greeting me upon arrival as well as taking care of arranging my shuttle back to the airport at the end of my stay. I was also pleasantly surprised with the certificates I received for free continental breakfast each morning. This is also the first time I've been provided pre-printed business cards by a hotel with my name and hotel contact information in case I need to provide others I meet my details while in town. Not too far away (10 minute walk) is an IGA market adjacent to a shopping mall, and here you can buy light groceries that can be placed in the room refrigerator and cooked in the microwave provided. (There is also a very modern stovetop and pots/pans.) One of the best features is definitely the plush, spa-like bathroom with floating sink basin, and the bedroom closes off from the living area with French doors to provide extra privacy. Woud stay again!	
May 9 2005	Stay in style in old Montreal	Chosen initially for its central location in the old city, Le Saint Sulplice turned out to be excellent in every way. Boutique hotel style savvy (but not as painfully hip as the nearby W Hotel) and the reassuring cosiness of older European hotels. Large rooms and bathrooms, lovely wood fire and deep sofas in lobby. Courteous and reliable staff. Not a budget option, however.	
Apr 20 2005	Choose this one	Hotel lovely. Room service expensive for what you get, but all else is good value for an above average experience. Gym is well equipped. Staff extremely helpful. Wonderful location.	
Apr 18 2005	Highly recommend this hotel!	Great hotel, service and location. We had room service for breakfast the first morning since we just couldn't get motivated after the long drive. Food was better than average. They upgraded us to a suite when we checked in and luckily we overlooked the outside dining area. I would recommend upgrading to a suite if you can get a view of the courtyard. Very large living area and the bedroom was okay, ample closet space everywhere. We walked around the Old Montreal area for most of our stay there and the hotel is in the best location possible. I would recommend a drink at the Hotel Nelligan which is right around the corner. For dinner I would recommend Modavie, again right around the corner from the hotel. We paid about $170 a night and a comparable room in NYC would have cost at least $400 night. I will definitely return. Ask the concierge for more dining recommendations.	
Mar 25 2005	Huge Suite Great Service	We arrived at the front door a dark snowy Friday evening (February 18th) to be met by a very friendly and welcoming doorman, a valet arrived immediately to take our bags, clear the car of any necessities and whisked us inside to check in. The valet advised us the &quot;in and out service&quot; was free all weekend; a parking fee was applicable (expected and reasonable).The lobby with it's sophisticated warmth both in decor and personnel is a true expression of the weekend stay that lay before us. Check in was swift and courteous. Before long we were upstairs in a suite that was HUGE, tastefully appointed from linens for bed, bath and table, kitchenware, curtains and furnishings. Our bags arrived via bell man shortly thereafter.We found an easy to operate electric fireplace, a stocked mini-bar and basket of snacks (we always bring our own!), a balcony overlooking the winter-scaped courtyard garden, a terrific bathroom with two entrances, a separate shower and double jetted tub, and a very cool double sink. Plenty of towels, two terry robes (even slippers). Everything was just gorgeous!The weekend flew by as we went about our first discovering of Montreal on a very frigid and snowy weekend. But Le Saint Supplice was the perfect retreat from the days' activities, warm, comfortable and inviting. We would stay there again (perhaps in summer next time). Highly recommended.	
Mar 20 2005	Perfect!	The Le Saint Sulpice was the nicest hotel! We stayed in January and had a great time! The hotel is very nice and quaint. It's located in Old Montreal right behind the Notre Dame. The staff is exceptional. They were always very helpful when asking questions. They went above and beyond without us asking for anything. The restaurant in the hotel is exceptional. The complimentary breakfast includes, eggs, bacon, sausage, cereal and croissants. More than we expected. The rooms are very large, nice and affordable. We went through the Montreal tourism website and received our second night for half off. It was the perfect hotel! You won't be disappointed.	
Mar 8 2005	Wonderful!	The staff are friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and courteous... they truly know what customer service means. The location is phenomonal... in the heart of the beautiful old city. The rooms are warm, spacious with good amenities... the attention to detail in all aspects are commendable.I travel often but usually just stay at the must economic choice. This place was worth splurging on... an amazing weekend.	
Mar 3 2005	Lovely Hotel	My daughter and I stayed at le St Sulpice in old Montreal for a weekend in January 2005. We loved this boutique hotel. Our room was huge with elegant furnishings and a beautiful bathroom. We had room service for dinner one night, and it was prompt and delicious. The breakfast which was included with the room was very nice especially on Sunday morning when there were hot and cold choices. The lobby and public areas were lovely, the staff pleasant and helpful - cannot say anthing but good things about this hotel. We enjoyed the location in old Montreal, and it was a five minute walk to the subway.	
Feb 22 2005	Highly recommended - will be going back...	Just returned from a 2-day stay at the Saint Sulpice. Very comfortable and quiet. I would not hesitate to go back. I found the best rate through bonjourquebec. Cheap delicious breakfast just around the corner at Cafe St. Paul (on St. Paul St.).	
Jan 18 2005	Wonderful experience	The Le Saint Sulpice certainly does deserve the wonderful reviews that others have given. I booked this hotel for an anniversary with my girlfriend and she LOVED it. She has traveled extensively all over the world and she commented that this was the best hotel she had ever stayed in. We had a deluxe suite with a fireplace which added that extra ambience to make a good experience a great one! The location is easy to get to and very convenient to the quaint shops of Old Montreal and the underground malls. The staff is very friendly and willing to help with any needs or questions you may have. The only downside was the breakfast in the morning. While the food was very good, the continental breakfast items were often wiped out and not refilled on a timely basis.	
Jan 2 2005	Love the front desk personnel	we enjoyed our stay bec the front desk were very hospitable and that makes a lot for peole who has kids and were not able to read the guidebooks of montreal. the doormen are friendly and very quick to answer questions. they go the extra mile. the room was lovely. i highly recommend this bec people try hard to make your visit great.	
Jan 2 2005	5 stars concierge for 5 stars establishment	Wow, wow,wow! The only word that can come up out my mouth. I came up to Montreal with my wife to celebrate our anniversary. I had called the concierge (Patrick) for him to arrange my weekend. Man, did he make it memorable! I think it was more memorable than my wedding. I left it all in his hands and all that he said was : Leave it to me, I promise you won't regret it. He had arranged scented candles, flowers, a sound system with all romantic tunes that would put the right atmosphere in the room, the wood fireplace, the rose petals, a poem written by him, wine, champagne, strawberries, massages, the best restaurants, carridge ride, etc. He is the Casanova/Don Juan of all concierges. I don't know where they got him but he sure made our anniversary a weekend to reminisce forever. Last but not least, the room was superb and spaceous and the rest of the staff was up to par with the highest standards. Bell staff (Marco, Roger, Dave, Rafael) was very helpful. Way to go Le St-Sulpice!	
Jan 1 2005	BEST choice in Montreal!!	My husband and I just returned from an overnighter at Le Saint Sulpice and cannot say enough great things about it. We have already recommended it to all our friends. Our Loft Suite was very spacious, immaculate, wonderfully decorated with European simplicity and taste, and made for an awesome stay. The leather loveseat and chair were new and comfortable. The full kitchenette with refrigerator, stove and sink was great - we could not remember staying EVER at any hotel that included REAL glasses (water, cocktail AND wine glasses). What a treat. The queen bed with down comforter was scrumptious. The faux fireplace was a nice touch. The balcony would have been phenom if it had been summer! The bathroom was huge, with ceramic tile, a large soaking tub, large tile shower, and beautiful glass vanity. The toiletries and robes were also top notch. The staff was incredibly gracious, and we felt very pampered and taken care of - from the valet parking to the moment we left. The location is superb, right in the heart of old Montreal, and walking distance to all the great restaurants and the port. We will not consider staying anywhere else in Montreal, and will definitely be back again and again. Perhaps next time we will try massages at the Spa! Thanks to all the staff for our wonderful stay - and we can't wait to return!	
Dec 31 2004	Very happy with Le Saint-Sulpice	We stayed a night at Le Saint-Sulpice and were very happy with the hotel. We found the rooms very comfortable and that the decor lived up to the web site images. The staff were friendly and helpful. Terrific location.	
Dec 27 2004	Le Saint Sulpice was a great stay!	We stayed at the Le Saint Sulpice for a long weekend the week before Christmas. The hotel was one of the highlights of the trip! The room was quite spacious, well decorated and very clean. The large living room, bedroom and bathrooms were all separate giving it a &quot;home&quot; feel. We even had a kitchenette. The balcony view of the back of the Notre Dame cathedral was very nice. The location was fine as well, we were right in the heart of Old Montreal. The service was great: we were expecting a little snotiness because are Americans but there was none of that. The staff was courteous and very helpful. The best part of our stay there was coming home at night and lighting a fire in the fireplace- it was just what we needed after a long day out in the cold. We will definitely stay at the Le Saint Sulpice on our next rip to Montreal.	
Nov 16 2004	Great location great hotel!	We just returned from three nights at Le Saint Sulpice..our first time in Montreal in over 10 years when we did NOT stay at the Queen Elizabeth or Intercontinental. This hotel won us over for all future stays: the location in the Old Port is very convenient for all the Old Port shops and restos, but only a 15 min walk up to Rene Levesque or St Catherines for shops there (shorter if you follow underground tunnel system). Our room was a large suite on the sixth floor with balcony and fireplace, with a very large bathroom. Very convenient was the minikitchen with burners, microwave and sink, and a fridge with some room left over from minibar stocking that we could use for our own needs. We had breakfast as part of the room rate: it is served the restaurant and has not only breads (including chocolate p'tits pains), cheeses, and yoghourt, but also bacon, sausage and eggs (scrambled were provided but you can order any other type at no cost). The service was first-rate as coffee and juices were topped off many times by hard working waitstaff who also promptly delivered the hardboiled and fried eggs we ordered. The desk staff were very helpful too, esp in getting dinner reservations for us on busy nights! We looked at some other boutique hotels nearby but found Le Saint Sulpice's staff with their dress, uniform and demeanor to be more professional and welcoming. Visitors interested in architecture should check out the model of the hotel as it fits into the space behind the Basilica..look for signs to the Business Centre then look to the left as you enter the stairwell. You can also check out how older walls were reused into the hotel by looking around in the stairwell and in the Spa on the fifth floor.We will definitely stay here again on future visits.	
Nov 11 2004	A wee gem	Le Saint Sulpice lives discreetly in the old part of Montreal and it is a delightful and comfortable boutique hotel. The rooms (especially those that overlook the inner courtyard) are very pleasant and are more like junior suites. The staff are incredibly friendly and the location is within walking distance of a whole host of restaurants and bars. The downtown shopping area is a bit of a walk (about two miles) but it would always be my first choice in Montreal.	
Nov 9 2004	Wonderful Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Saint Suplice for 4 nights in early October, 2004. We were delighted to be shown to a handsome suite with two bedrooms, two baths, cooking facilities and a large living room complete with wood burning fireplace! It is a lovely, new hotel located conveniently behind Notre Dame Cathedral, within close walking distance to everything in the Old Town area. The buffet breakfast in the basement restaurant was included in the price of the room and was great (eggs, breakfast meats, cereal, fruit etc). When it is warm weather, the hotel has a lovely outdoor-tented restaurant off the lobby. The concierge was one of the best we have met. His restaurant recommendations were perfect. What a wonderful hotel!	
Nov 7 2004	great place	My husband and I loved the Saint Sulpice. Old Montreal is the place to stay around if your planning to visit Montreal. Quiet, quaint streets with great restaurants around this location. Rooms are very nice and clean with a modern twist.	
Nov 2 2004	Great location even better service!	We stayed for two nights (10/22-10/24). A romantic getaway that turned out to be wonderful thanks to the excellent staff. From the moment the doorman took the car on Friday and brought it back on Sunday everything went splendidly.The suite was great, with a fireplace, separate bedroom and kitchenette, great bathroom. The windows in the room were like french doors that opened overlooking the street with a railing so it was like a verhanda. We lit the fireplace, opened the windows, turned off the lights and let the cool autumn breeze and the sounds of Old Montreal envelop us. Very romantic!Spa and health club nice, massages great. Dined in the S restaurant, food and service was excellent. The breakfast buffet was OK. The location is perfect and we can't wait to go back.	
Nov 1 2004	Le Saint Suplice Surpassed Our Expectations	My boyfriend and just came back from a weekend in Montreal. Anyone looking for a quick romantic getaway who can't afford a trip to Paris, should seriously consider Old Montreal and Le Saint Sulpice. I've stayed at many beautiful 4 star hotels, and Le Saint Sulpice has surpassed them all. The location was excellent. The hotel is about a two minute walk to the port and about a 10 minute walk to St. Catherine Street and the Underground shopping mall. The small streets and local boutiques were more reminiscent of a quaint European town as opposed to a major Canadian urban centre. The room also surpassed our expectations. The suite had a living room with a fireplace, kitchenette, separate bedroom and very large bathroom. Everything we needed was already supplied in the room. The decor was modern yet very elegant. It felt nothing like a hotel! And finally, despite some of the reviews I've read about this hotel, I found the staff incredibly courteous and accommodating. They spoke several languages and were always more than happy to suggest a great restaurant or a good place to shop. I couldn't have been happier and will definitely be spreading the word to friends and family (and to those reading this review) about this hotel!	
Oct 13 2004	Great hotel great location!	A great hotel - new, beautiful, huge rooms at a fair price.Good service from young staff.Great location - right behind Notre Dame and steps away from the Science Centre.	
Sep 22 2004	Best Hotel I've ever been to PERIOD!!	We went to the Canadian GP back in June &amp; stayed here upon the recommendation of our agent.The room is spacious &amp; clean &amp; were all suite.The weather was gorgeous that we could sleep with the balcony doors opened. The bathroom is a little small by today's luxe hotel standards &amp; the towels supply were on the skimpy side...but small whines. The staff is top notch FRIENDLY &amp; HELPFUL @ the desk &amp; concierge service. &amp; they gave us a great restaurant (reservation on short notice no less) to goto every night. I had a 4 star meal every night!Overall, I will give keep this hotel on the very top of my destination list esp. when you factor in the exchange rates for Americans!!Did I say the staff was friendly??	
Sep 16 2004	A Wonderful Experience	We had the most wonderful experience at Le Saint-Sulpice. The room was beautiful. We had a room on the street side, but never heard any noise at all; and it was wonderful to open the windows and watch the activity on the street when we wanted. All of the staff, from check-in to check-out, and after, were extremely friendly and helpful. We left a couple of items behind when we checked out. The conceirge located them and mailed them to us at home. Also, a food tip for the hotel restaurant: the Filet Mignon is excellent.	
Sep 9 2004	Personnel must be paid poorly!	We stayed at the Saint Sulpice in the middle of August. The suite was very nice and tastefully furnished. Beds were fine. The room faced the courtyard, so there was not much street noise and no noise at all could be heard from other rooms in the hotel. So obviously the place is very well insulated.The only thing which really got on our nerves was the blatant and often even impertinent demanding of tips - or as they call it &quot;gratuities&quot;. You are expected to tip as soon as the waiter/bell boy etc. even lifts a finger. Since breakfast buffet was included in our room price, we didn't feel that we have to tip the waiter, who only poured coffe and orange juice anyway. Boy, were we wrong! He got quite upset finding out we didn't leave money for him on the table and made his discontent known to us.We don't even want to blame the employees so much but the management should think about paying their employees a decent salary so that they don't have to beg like that. I'm sure the directors of the hotel don't have to rely on tips to survive!	
Sep 6 2004	Almost Perfect	Spent one pleasant night at the LSS near the end of August. As the room was not ready at 3 PM, I was given a free upgrade to a nicer suite (from the basic). The room was a courtyard view, overlooking the outdoor restaurant. It included a serarate bedroom, large bathroom with tub and seperate shower, fake fireplace in the sitting area, and sink/microwave/hot plate kitchen area.It was the little touches I appreciated, like the safe in the closet and the cool frosted glass between the bathroom sink and the bedroom vanity.My only beef was that I had to pay for my breakfast, which should have been free. I didn't let it bother me too much.By the way, eat a nice light meal at the &quot;S&quot; and you may have room for two Creme Brule!!!	
Aug 28 2004	Very pleasant stay!	Stayed for two nights at LSS and enjoyed every minute of it. Had a one bedroom suite plus sofabed in living room. Both beds were very comfortable. Loved the decor which set it apart from most hotels I stay in. Suite had everything we needed and then some. Didn't eat at hotel since we were never really there at meal-time. More than enough restaurant options in Old Montreal anyway. Very handy location for wandering through the old city and returning to hotel for a brief rest before heading out again. Staff was very helpful and friendly including those who helped my niece get her laptop up and running on the internet. Favourite part of staying there was being able to completely open up the large windows in the living room. Felt as though the sights and sounds of the old city came right into the room and definitely made up for lack of a balcony - - the entire living room felt like a balcony! Definitely a great deal for the super promo rate I was able to reserve. Only thing that kept it from being an excellent stay were a few very minor things I noticed which I hope the hotel begins to address or it will start to go downhill. For example, the night lock on the door was very sticky; there were slight stains on the upholstery; and the duvet cover fabric was pilled all over (definitely needed a new cover, IMHO).	
Aug 9 2004	Excellent stay!	This hotel in one word is excellent.Excellent -quality, service, rooms, spa and staff.The concierge (Patrick) is superb. The staff behind the reception desk are superb. The doormen are superb. And so is the maid!There is no pool/jacuzzi at this place, but rooms have individual large baths and separate showers.Location is fantastic. Right around the corner from the Basilica.Valet parking for $(Canadian) 25 / night.Stay here, you will not regret it!	
Aug 3 2004	Le Saint Sulpice - Great Experience	Staff, accommodations and restaurant were all superior. Room was large and as nicely decorated/furnished as their pictures advertise. Staff was great with recomendations on anything we asked about. Location was perfect, in the heart of Vieux Montreal - close to port, Champs de Mars, Palace de Arms and Metro. We can't wait to return to Montreal and will surely consider Le Saint Sulpice once again.	
Aug 2 2004	Lovely Hotel in Vieux Montreal!	A wonderful boutique hotel in Vieux Montreal - very charming, clean, nicely decorated, large rooms, lovely garden restaurant. Definitely THE place to stay in Montreal.	
Jul 7 2004	Luxury weekend in Old Montreal	Although we've been all over the world, we have done very little travel in our own country, and this year we decided to take a few weekends and do just that. We stayed in the St. Sulpice for 4 nights, and the hotel is very nice, ranking with some of the nicer European hotels we have stayed in. This is an all-suite hotel, and the rooms are huge and include a bed, a hide-a-bed, a fridge/minibar, microwave, stove and 2 TVs. There is also ample room for a cot if you are travelling with a large family. I'd agree with one of the other reviews that the beds could be a bit more comfortable, but we didn't find the bed so hard that we couldn't sleep or anything.The location of the St. Sulpice is ideal - just down the hill from the Notre Dame cathedral and 1 block from the waterfront, you are in the heart of Old Montreal, but still in a quiet area.The breakfast that was included in our package was not great, but again is on par with what you would find in continental Europe; don't write off the hotel restaurant based on that though. We had dinner there one night and it was outstanding; the desert especially was I think the best I have ever had. There are also literally dozens of restaurants within walking distance to sample - you could stay there for a week and never eat at the same place twice. Highlights were the Jardin Nelson on Place Jaques Cartier for some good lunch-hour people watching (and excellent sangria) and the crepe tent set up down by the water.Montreal itself is great - there are a ton of things to do and see at any time, and July seems to be festival month. On Saturday alone we took in the Jazz Festival, a Caribbean festival and an international fireworks competition, and the previous 2 days were marked by Canada Day celebrations. We'd like to return for the comedy festival next year, but in any event will be returning and staying at the St. Sulpice.	
Apr 21 2004	good for jetlag	I went from united arab emirates for a business trip and stay at the St-Sulpice Hotel in the Old Port of Montreal. The first time I get there I was completely Exhausted, Jetlag-Punched!, and my back was killing me. The front desk girl, (really friendly and smilly) suggested me to get a massage in my room. My massage-therapist saved my life with her special oil and her magical touch! Bravo! I was totally impressed with all the customer service in the Hotel and services around. I will for sure recommend you this Hotel, in this aera and of course a massage!	
Apr 13 2004	Absolutely the best	This hotel exceeded our expectations. The location (right behind Notre Dame) was wonderful as was everything about the experience. The room was huge and well appointed with every convenience we could have desired. Furnishings were contemporary but simple and the building, although only a few years old, fit in beautifully in this historic neighborhood. The service was superlative. We would recommend this hotel without reservation.	
Feb 8 2004	No is not an option...	I was recently a guest in this wonderful boutique hotel and trust me it's not going to be the last time. From pulling up to the drive way to checking out after 3 memorable nights, everyhting was flawless! The rooms are generous in size, well equiped and comfortable. The restaurant has a great menu and the wait staff are very courteous (Vincent and Nicolas, if I remember right...?). The gym is fair in size but has all the equipment needed for a good workout. The spa manager (Dan) seems like a know it all and was advising me to try other machines, nice of him but I've been doing my routine for 10 years and it's working out fine. The front of the house staff? the most incredible team of bellmen (Rafal, Dave, Alex and Marco) you could ever be served by; polite, courteous and always smily. The reception staff should all get a raise for being so helpful and efficient. If I had to pinpoint the most outstanding part of my stay? It would have to be the concierge. This young asian man (Patrick) gave my wife and I the most incredible service we could ever get. We had been paused for our weekend with losing a piece of our luggages from the airline, with one phone call he got it delivered 2 hours after we shared the story with him. He made all the arrangements for our lunches and dinners, wonderful suggestions always right on track and found us tickets to a sold out Opera show at cost price without going through the broker. He kept on saying that the creed of the hotel taught by the General Manager was NO IS NOT AN OPTION! I will surely recommend this hotel to many of our friends. Keep up the good work St-Sulpice!	
Jan 27 2004	Needs Work	I loved the decor of this hotel. The rooms were relatively large and tastfully done. However, unless you sleep on the floor at home, prepare yourself for a poor night's sleep on these very hard beds. They certainly weren't condusive to a good night's sleep - much less a &quot;romantic&quot; weekend. I slept on the couch 2 of the 3 nights. As for breakfast vouchers, I advise you not to eat in the hotel's restaurant. I ate breakfast there 2 days. The first was barely acceptable and the second was not eatable. I sent it back because it was cold and it returned burned. The waitstaff obviously has not been trained or just doesn't care - in sharp contrast to the front desk personnel who were very helpful. I wouldn't recommend this hotel, but with some work it could be a gem.	
Jan 5 2004	Good but don't be too cheap	My girlfriend and I stayed there for 3 nights over New Years weekend and had a very nice time. Great sized room, good sized bathroom, etc. She said it was the best place we've stayed, and I couldn't really disagree.Tip though -- I booked through hotels (I believe expedia would have same result) because it was the cheapest rate by a few dollars. It ended up not saving any money because (a) the breakfast was not included, costing about $15 per person per day -- it seemed like everyone else's was complementary, and (b) we couldn't get tax back (about $100 US total) because technically you don't pay Canadian tax when you book through hotels. Therefore, the few dollars saved didn't make it worth it -- just so you know.	
Dec 30 2003	Beautiful Hotel - except for Spa	Hotel was beautiful, and spacious for Old Montreal. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Room was very large, and tastefully designed. Our breakfast was buffet style, and a great selection. I believe that you can get an &quot;a la carte&quot; menu if you like. The only main problem we had was with the spa or lack of one. We tried to book a massage for one of the 3 days we were there but nobody was available. Also my wife wanted a facial, but nobody worked the weekend. Also apparently there was an electrical problem and we could not use any of the other spa faciltiies for the entire weekend. Otherwise, I would highly recommend.	
Dec 29 2003	Don't stay anywhere else.	This hotel equals or surpasses some of the best boutique hotels I've stayed in (Campton Place in San Francisco; Inn of the Anasazi in Santa Fe; Hotel Mayaland in the Yucatan; etc.) The suites are big and luxurious. It's hard to imagine how the staff could be more friendly (and there's no bowing and scraping, which I guess some people like). At first I was worried about the location because of its distance from Downtown, but that was not an issue; Old Montreal is one of the more interesting parts of the city, now, and Downtown is walking distance during the day and a cheap cab ride (or chepaer subway ride) at night. Unlike the other traveler, I was bowled over by the breakfast buffet. My ONLY complaints are: There were two niches in the walls that were missing their sculpture/shelves/whatever belonged there, and the massage therapist was mediocre. The hotel is not expensive, so I definitely will be back.	
Dec 19 2003	would return	great place, terrific customer service- by the way my girlfriend felt hotel is very romantic- we had room with fireplace- also we both enjoyed the continental breakfast! when you arrive you also get coupons for a free cocktail or glass of wine from bar! restaurant is nice, rooms attractive and clean, very attentive service, great location- lots of very good places to eat within walking distance. all in all highly recommended. looking forward to going back!	
Dec 19 2003	would love to go back	very attractive hotel- great customer service, nice rooms, nice restaurant, good location. went for a few nights withj my girlfriend- she and i both found it very romantic- had romm with fireplace(had requested this but when i arrived they told me none left, after a few phone calls made by the bell hop-(knowing i was very unhappy)-we had our fireplace- by the way they cant guarantee a fireplace will be available when you arrive even if you book one!- cant figure that one out. nevertheless, a really nice comfortable place with people that do their best to make sure your stay is a pleasant one- i would return!	
Nov 17 2003	Great Except Breakfast Buffet		
Nov 4 2003	First Rate		
Aug 31 2003	watch out Ritz		
Jul 23 2003	Le Saint Sulpice..simply awesome!		
May 4 2003	I loved the Saint Sulpice		
Apr 23 2003	A Wonderful Hotel		
Feb 4 2003	Saint Amazing		
Dec 18 2002	Romance @ St Sulpice		
Nov 11 2002	Nice Hotel in the Vieux Port		
Aug 7 2002	Hotel Le Saint Sulpice - beautiful new hotel next to Notre Dame Cathedral		
Sep 11 2009 	Excellent Hôtel en tous points		
Jun 4 2008 	Wow! quel hôtel.		
Dec 10 2007 	confortevole "le saint_sulpice"		
Aug 20 2007	une belle adresse mais un peu surfaite		
Jan 10 2007 	Pas si extraordinaire		
