	Exceptional!	Went to Montreal for a weekend getaway with my husband. Stayed at the Emabby Suites and was not disappointed. When we arrived we received a warm welcome and a quick check in. All staff are bilingual and will gladly speak to you either in English or French. In fact everyone we encountered in Montreal was completely bilingual and were happy to speak English. Truly the most friendliest people we have ever met. This hotel is centrally located and just a short walk to old Montreal or a go a few blocks in the other direction and you are in the heart of downtown shopping! The Hotel room was very clean and well maintained. Although the bedroom was a bit small the rest of the room was quite spacious and made up for it. We had a kitchen that was equipped with a fridge, microwave and lots of cupboard space. A large living room and huge bathroom with whirlpool tub. We never had trouble finding a parking spot in the underground spot that they will provide (for a fee) and you have in and out prvileges. The Manager's reception was held each night and oferred complimentary snacks and two complimentary drinks each night of your stay. We were also provided with a complimentary breakfast with a large spread of bacon, eggs, omlets -prepared on the spot for you, sausages, cereal, and your standard fruits and morning pastries. This hotel was well worth it.	
	Best Embassy Suite Ever	This is a well-designed modern hotel in a wonderful walking location, adjacent to old Montreal and Chinatown. Our suite was very spacious with a fireplace, large jacuzzi tub, extremely comfortable mattress, living room, kitchen, two-flat screen televisions and a hook up for an mp3 player. Service was excellent. Will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 25 2009 	Wonderful Gem	Last fall while on a business trip to Montreal I stayed at the Embassy Suites and was pleasantly surprised with the outstanding quality of the room and the buffet breakfast. So, this year when it came time for my husband and I to decide where to go for our anniversary I suggested that we stay at the Embassy Suites in Montreal. A couple of hours drive from Ottawa and a nice getaway. His preference was one of the more pricey hotels but having been to the Embassy Suites I knew it would not disappoint. He of course remained skeptical until we walked into the room. The room had a jet tub, king size bed, two flat screen TV's, full kitchen with stainless steel appliances...He was won over. The fact that a wonderful hot breakfast buffet to order was included with your stay and that it is a 5 minutes from old Montreal were just the icing on the cake.We had a fantastic weekend away and a big part of that can certainly be contributed to the great service we received, and the fantastic room. My husband commented all weekend about the fact that he could not believe what we had for such an amazing price. The one drawback to this hotel is that there is no valet parking but if this is not a big deal for you, don't hesitate and don't let the fact that it is not terribly expensive fool you. If you rely on this review please write and let me know about your stay.	
Nov 21 2009 	Great Value for Luxurous Room with So Many Perks	The front desk service was excellent. Check-in was a breeze and personnel were very friendly. Concierge kindly recommended suggested running routes for me. The room was spacious and the bed was very comfortable. The twin jacuzzi in my room was a nice bonus. The location of the hotel itself is practically at the heart of the city. Steps away from Old Montreal and Chinatown and walking distance to the rest of downtown. There was also great perks: included hot breakfst and drink tickets during happy hour. That was a very nice bonus and the bartender is extremely kind. She was able to coerce the kitchen into making pizza even though it was not on the menu. That is going above and beyond, because she was very busy.	
Nov 11 2009 	Couldn't have picked better	We were staying in Montreal for a week and planned to book a suite type hotel. We actually had a different hotel booked when a deal came through on Travelzoo for the Embassy Suites by Hilton that was a little cheaper than the original one we'd booked so we switched bookings. I'm glad we did. The square where we would have been staying was bogged down with construction and it would have been noisy and dusty all week. Embassy Suites is on Rue San Antoine right across from the Convention Centre, Palais de Congress, which includes a Metro stop and gateway to the underground network. You walk up a short incline beside the hotel and you're standing across from Notre Dame Basilica and have Old Montreal at your feet, with shops and restaurants and all the old streets and buildings. You're spoiled for choice! On the other side of the hotel, you're a block or two from Chinatown and Only a few blocks from St. Catherine's street going north and the Bell Centre going west. We walked most places and only took the Metro a couple of times. The hotel itself was clean and the staff were always helpful. The suite was a King suite with the bed in a seperated &quot;room&quot; that you could close off with sliding doors. The bed was quite comfy and the pillows awesome! I think the living room couch was a sofa bed, as well. The bathroom was large and it had a jacuzzi tub. I couldn't figure out how to turn it on but hit the control by accident so that was sorted! Plenty of hot water, lots of towels and soaps. They brought up some dishes and cutlery but you do have to ask for that. We didn't bother getting the dishwasher unlocked because we weren't planning on cooking, just using the microwave for reheating and we washed up coffee cups by hand. Having read the reviews, I already knew to bring my own dishcloth and towel for that.We didn't see a supermarket nearby but there is a convenience store in the convention centre and a couple in Old Montreal as well. Breakfast was included and it was a full cooked breakfast if you wanted. You could have your eggs any way you wanted and if you want omelets, you put the ingredients you choose into a little bowl and hand it to one of the chefs. There is fresh fruit, croissants and pastries, bagels, toast, cereal (a couple of choices, in little packets), juices, coffee and tea ( though my partner thought the coffee was a bit on the weak side). Every night there is a &quot;manager's reception&quot; and they give you vouchers for two free drinks per adult guest. We took advantage of this a couple of nights. Only one caveat, though, the only beer that is covered by the free vouchers is Keith's draft on tap. Other than that, all mixed drinks and, I think, glasses of wine are included. We had a couple of cocktails that would have cost $12 to buy so I don't know why they won't include bottled or other types of beer in the free drinks but it doesn't really matter. As i said before, the staff was always helpful and friendly and any questions asked were cheerfully answered. The concierges were great help too, though one did direct us to a restaurant in Old Montreal that was only open at lunch on that particular day. Oops! There's free wifi in the hotel lobby and i was able to get it in the suite once or twice if i was still connected from being in the lobby but usually it wanted a log in password. I didn't bother calling to get that because i only have an iPod touch anyway, not a laptop so it wasn't a major consideration. Apparently there is a temporary fitness centre in one of the suites on the second floor. I didn't see it but i imagine it's pretty basic. I don't think parking is free but there is parking beneath the hotel and there is a laundry facility on one of the parking levels too with coin operated machines. It feels a bit remote though, i am not sure i'd feel all that comfortable using it on my own. There is a small business center that is free for guests to use, with two PCs though some websites are blocked (social networking ones). The restaurant is basic, and doubles as the bar and breakfast room. Room service choice isn't extensive but it covers the basics. We had a very nice burger and fries which was very reasonably priced considering how expensive room service food usually is. I'd recommend the hotel for the location and the great staff.	
Oct 31 2009 	Nice hotel kitchen very handy	We really enjoyed having a kitchen, it's so handy to be able to save leftovers in a fridge and keep your drinks cold! We were pleasantly surprised to receive 2 free drinks per day per person. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and quiet. Good locations, just a short walk to Notre Dame. The breakfast buffet was somewhat of a madhouse, but can't really complain since it's free.	
Oct 29 2009 	Don't count on the breakfast!	The overall service of the front desk staff was wonderful and the room lovely and spacious. The hotel was walking distance to many nearby attractions including Old Montreal and the metro. But perhaps the most disappointing experience with the Embassy Suites included the poor service offered during the mad rush at breakfast. The hotel clearly does not have the ample seating area or staff to accommodate hotel guests for breakfast. Tables were piled high with dirty dishes and guests were forced to wait in long lines for food and drinks.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent service...excellent hotel!	We had a family trip to Montreal to and we stayed in the two bedroom suite at this hotel. The hotel is beautiful. It was very clean and so spacious! The kitchen was very nice...granite countertop too! The breakfast was cook to order and everything was so delicious! We will definitely be staying here anytime we visit Montreal again!	
Oct 26 2009 	Wonderful Service Great Location!!!	Stayed for 3 nights pre-cruise and was very pleased. From the moment we arrived the check-in was pleasant and efficient and the concierge was wonderful arranging for our luggage to be delivered to our room and recommending a great Italian restaurant within walking distance. Location is convenient for visiting Notre-Dame and Old Montreal. The RES (underground city) is within 1 block and took us all over Montreal. The hotel was very clean and spacious. More than enough room and the free wi-fi was very reliable. Bed was very comfortable and the separate living room was a bonus. There was a HUGE jacuzzi tub that looked inviting which I did not use. Breakfast was a little crowded in the mornings but was always able to get a table. Check out was also efficient and the concierge arranged our luggage and a taxi for us to the dock and we did not have to touch our bags the entire morning. We would definitely stay here again when we go back to Montreal. The price was less than $180.00 USD and well worth the money.	
Oct 26 2009 	Bring your own light bulbs	Stayed one night pre-cruise. Booked a great AAA rate with corporate website. Family members opted for a bit more pricey room and was that a good decision! Our room was a queen/non-suite and it was tiny! It had a little kitchen and a nice bathroom (albeit small) but it was DARK! There were about 3 overhead lights and a couple dim bedside lamps. We did the best we could. The other folks got an apartment complete with full kitchen, huge bath, and proper lighting in the living room and separate (with door) bedroom. Go figure.The lobby was as dark as the room and the weather was grim and wet when we arrived about 9PM so we stayed at the hotel for supper which okay but we had been so looking forward to finding a nice bistro nearby.Breakfast was a zoo - the weekend we were there was Canada's thanksgiving and the hotel was packed with families and groups and who knows what else. We toughed it out and basically hung around the apartment (not our little cell!) for awhile before venturing out into the area.....we did a bit of pre-cruise shopping then checked out.Overall, I'd recommend this hotel IF you get a big room.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great Location Great Breakfast	We stayed here for 3 days last week. We had a great stay.The location is perfect, 2 blocks from Notre Dame/Old Montreal and 2 blocks from Chinatown. You are able to walk anywhere you want in the city, and the metro station is just a block away as well.The room was perfect. We arrived about 3 hours early and received our room immediately. The kitchen was clean and the living room and bedroom was spacious. The bathroom was enormous. We went for a walk and came back about 2 hours later and requested the crib for our son and it came up promptly.We were ready for breakfast when it opened every day (6:30 during week and 7:30 on the weekend). They opened right on time and had tons of food options. The garage is convenient and as a result we ended up using the car more than we would have (because it's easier than dragging a toddler and stroller on the Metro), to go to both the Olympic Park and Mont Royal. Everyone at the front desk was friendly. The hotel has 3 internet stations and although we didn't use it a lot, we never had to wait for a computer.We would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Value NIce Clean rooms	Stayed from 10-1 to 10-4. No negatives in my mind...rooms were well appointed, decent furniture, nice little kitchenette, stainless and granite nice bathrooms...was there for a bachelor party...I really have no complaints...I slept on the fold out sofa in a custom king...I thought the sofa bed was surprisingly comfortable...I was giving the bachelor his own king bedroom...great location if Old Montreal is where you plan to hang out...The free breakfast was good too...omelet station, lots of breads, croissants, etc...bacon potatoes, juices, fruits and yogurts...a great place to stay in Old Montreal...bike rental spot right outside hotel...where you can rent a bike and return at various spots throughout the city, a really great idea that NYC should have...	
Oct 9 2009 	Wonderful severl days in Montreal	Just a few comments regarding the Embassy Suites we stayed in recently.1) The room was clean and comfortable in league with other Embassy Suites we have used. It was $188C per night with parking at $19C per night reserved through the chain's website. Very convienient to Old Montreal. Kitchen have all stainless steel appliances and dishes, utensils, for 2 with a modest array of pots &amp; pans (though no sponges, dish soap or kitchen towels).2) Breakfast was also in line with others in the chain. We saw no lenghty lines nor lack of breakfast items as described in some reviews. Having stayed Thurs, Fri &amp; Sat I think we got a fair sample of both weekday and weekend crowds. Manager's nightly reception was also the standard exemplary Embassy Suite variety. 3) All the staff was friendly and helpful especially the breakfast and reception manager and concierge.4) We saw no overcrowding at the 2 elevators as someone else had mentioned.5) The 2 things which puzzled us were the funky room key swiping mechanism in the elevator (never did figure out the function) and the opposite-side- of- the-road traffic pattern in the basement garage (why?).6) All in all we found the hotel far better than a number of the more negative reviews found by us before our trip. I'd certainly recommend this hotel for a trip to Montreal.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great hotel  Best service Brand new hotelNice very nice	Thank you for wonderful stay , at the hotel , much better than some 5 stars hotel listed on here ,,	
Oct 1 2009 	Excelled in all Areas	What a fantastic hotel. I just spent 7 nights at the Embassy Suites and enjoyed every one of them.Initailly I chose the hotel due to it's position directly accross the street to the Palais des Congres in which I was attending a conference.However this hotel is much more than just a great location. The room was marvellous, very large (seperate bedroom, bathroom, sitting/lounge &amp; kitchen). in addition it also included a large spa, electric fireplace and a lot of wardroom space....what more can you ask for?The room was also quiet, very clean and was serviced everyday. All the staff where very friendly, helpful and attentive to any needs.You really can't beat the value of this place with breakfast and other freebies included in the rate.It is only a 2 minute walk to old Montreal and all the wonderful restaurants, shopping and sightseeing locations.Well done Emabssy suites on making my time in Montreal a happy one.If i'm lucky enough to ever return to Montreal this is the place I will choose again.	
Sep 28 2009 	Excellent hotel highly recommended!!!	I just loved this hotel, it's the best ever!!! I have been to many hotels in Canada, the US and Europe and this hotels is just the best! Loved the Suite, everything was perfect! Huge fridge, kitchen, etc. great for someone staying in for a couple of nights like I did. Great location, we had a great time in old Montreal. Parking is not free as all other hotels around but very convenient! I highly recommend it!!! Would go back is a glimpse!!!	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location for sightseeing	We were booked into this hotel by my wife's employer for a conference that she attended. I thought the location was perfect - right across the street from the Palais des Congrès and just a couple blocks from Old Montreal. Place d'Armes and the Basilique Notre Dame are literally right around the corner, and the Palais des Congrès connects you to the Underground City, so you can literally get just about anywhere in the downtown area in just a few minutes. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and even tolerated my hapless attempts at speaking French. :-)-JimG	
Sep 21 2009 	Perfect Location Great Room	A really enthusiastic five in all categories for the Embassy Suites. Attending a conference at the Palais de Congres, I was closer than I anticipated - right across the street. The suite was wonderful - very spacious with great, full-sized appliances. The only oddity was the coffee maker. We expected a four-cup pot but found a pod-type that brews a cup at a time. We also were never able to open the dishwasher - a puzzle. The manager's receptions and breakfasts were quite generous. The room service menu was limited but the food and the service were great.The bell staff/concierge were very helpful. Self-service parking under the hotel was reasonably priced and accessible by elevator from the room. Wonderful stay for both business (mine) and pleasure (my spouse stored his bike in the room easily and had great rides from the hotel location.)	
Sep 14 2009 	Spacious Room Great Location A few cleanliness problems	We really liked the location of the hotel with easy walking to the old city area, Chinatown, and easy access to subway and buses. They have self parking for $20/day. They were kind enough to check us in several hours early. We stayed 3 nights in a very large King Suite on the 2nd floor. The room was beautiful, with a huge bath w/ jacuzzi tub, marble surfaces, a nice kitchen area w/fridge and microwave, a comfortable bed, and a living room w/ couch, chair and big screen TV. It had a lot of closet space and storage. The carpeting needed to be cleaned or replaced and the glasses provided had fingerprints where someone was picking them up by the rims for all 3 days. The facility has 2 elevators and the wait for an elevator can be long at busy times. They give you tickets for two drinks for happy hour and a breakfast coupon for each person for each day. They put out some chips, salsa and pretzels and a few other things for the happy hour. The breakfast had a steam table with scrambled eggs, fried potatoes, and bacon. The potatoes were room temperature all three days. They also have an omelet station to make you a good omelet with your choice of ingredients. They also had a good variety of beverages, muffins and bagels. The problem was finding a clean plate, we both usually had to search through 3 or 4 to find a clean one. They really need to go to disposable plates and glassware if they can't figure out how to get the dinnerware and room glasses clean consistantly. It is kind of strange because the hotel housekeeping is very good except for the cleanliness of the room glasses, and plates at the breakfast area. It detracts from an otherwise top rate hotel. We liked the hotel enough despite the problems that we would stay again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Best Family Hotel in Montreal with the Best Staff in Town!	Just got back from the Montreal Marathon and had one on the best stays ever! The room was clean, roomy and perfect for family travel. It was a busy weekend due to the marathon and the staff could not have been friendlier. The free breakfast was perfect way to start the day, made to order omelets, juice, coffee, breads, eggs, bacon, sausage, etc. The manager’s cocktail reception was nice as well; two drink tickets plus light snacks. The hotel is convenient to Old Montreal, St. Catherine Street, shopping, and Old Port. We eat at our favorite restaurant, Gibby's in Old Montreal and they did not disappoint as usual.The staff at the hotel was 5-star! I can't say enough hoe professional, friendly and very helpful they all were. The front desk staff was top notch, the breakfast/bar staff could not do enough for you as well as housekeeping. The hotel manager should be extremely proud of the entire staff.As far as some of the negative comments that I had read ... while they may of been legit at the time, ignore them! The elevator was working fine, the breakfast wait time was reasonable, the rooms were clean. I'm impressed that the hotel manager reads the comments and obviously addresses them because the hotel seemed to run like clockwork!We usually stay at the Bonaventure Hilton down the street, but we have found a new home in Montreal. If I had to point out any deficiencies it would be that the HVAC system in the room was on the noisy side and there was no pool, but I would not let that deter you from trying this gem of a hotel. We are looking forward to staying there in the future. Hats off to the hotel manager and the entire staff!	
Sep 14 2009 	Excellent Choice; Better than Expected	My wife and I had to be in Montreal for 2 days getting our daughter moved into university. We were looking for a hotel suite downtown, and saw Embassy Suites offering a reasonable rate. I have stayed at Embassy Suites a few times and have an impression of them as consistent quality but not high end. I found this hotel to be better than I expected. The room was the quality of suite we expected. The location was better than I expected (bordering on old Montreal). The service is what really impressed me for an Embassy Suites Hotel. From the time we arrived in a rental car and needed help with bags, through check-in and frequent stops by the front desk or Consierge asking for information, everyone was extremely friendly and wanting to help. Our rate included free breakfast, and it was good quality, good service ... not what I usually expect from a 'free breakfast' hotel. All in all, I would definitely stay here again next time we travel to Montreal.	
Sep 5 2009 	Great location spacious room worth a visit	Our 1 night stay in the Embassy Suites Montreal was a real treat. We'd never stayed in an Embassy Suites before and were pleasantly surprised at the size and decor of our room. We chose this hotel in large measure because of its central location near Old Montreal which allowed us to explore the city on foot. The hotel also provided a very nice cook-to-order breakfast. We would absolutely stay here again.	
Sep 4 2009 	Excellent Hotel	The location of the hotel is in Old Montreal and is near Chinatown as well. It's on a quiet street and there are the new rental bikes just outside the hotel for those who want to take a ride. The rooms were very nice and spacious. The furniture was very modern and there were two flat screen tvs - one in the living room and one in the bedroom. The kitchen was helpful as you could take breakfast and drinks back to your room. The buffet breakfast was pretty good and the hotel had a happy hour (2 free drink tickets per guest, I believe with free snacks - veggies, chips etc). There's only 2 elevators which can result in line-ups and/or a wait but not a big deal really. We had a slight communication issue with the front desk (we had left keys for my sibling for his room and they gave him the wrong card key - for my room instead - but not a big issue there either). Overall, a very nice hotel and I would highly recommend going forward.	
Aug 25 2009 	Disappointed	I often stay in Embassy Suites because they are generally set up well for my family of five and I can't beat the value of breakfast and the manager's reception. That said, this is not a family hotel. Why the rooms were beautifully appointed (who needs a dishwasher when there are no dishes in the room?), there was very little space for our luggage. There was a huge bathroom and jetted tub for two that was wasted on us. The pull out couch was extremely uncomfortable ( so was our pull out in Niagara, although the couch in DC was very comfortable). The kicker was that our travel agent had called and verified with them that they had pool privileges at the Hilton Bonaventure (roof top pool) while theirs was under construction. When we asked, after we arrived, they said that the arrangement was only in the winter. My husband had this conversation with the clerk and did not follow up more with management (which I would have). This was one of the main reasons that we chose this hotel. In hindsight, we should have paid extra for two rooms at the Hilton. The location and service were fine. We did experience some waiting at the elevator, but after being at the Embassy Niagara Falls, they felt short. At the buffet, bowls were missing, plates were sometimes dirty and there was no help -yourself soft drinks, which could lead to line ups at the bar.	
Aug 23 2009 	Highly recommended!	My husband and I recently stayed at the Embassy Suites. When we checked in we were upgraded from a queen suite to a king suite and also told about the managers reception that was also included (two drinks per adult every evening plus nibbles), a great start to the vacation,. We were very happy with the location, the room and the staff. There was a problem with the AC in our room on the first night so we were moved the next day and given a complimentary bottle of red and a note from the manager which was very appreciated.I would stay there again and recommend it to friends and family.	
Aug 23 2009 	Lovely rooms; location cannot be beat! Feels crowded in summer.	We stay in Embassy Suites very often as they work well for families. The Montreal Embassy is very centrally located just a few blocks from Vieux Montreal and just steps from the Metro (Place d'Arms stop) and the Underground City, which our 9-year-old son loved. Our room was smaller than other Embassy hotels we've visited, but much more luxuriously appointed, with a granite/stainless kitchen with full fridge and freezer, beautiful bathroom with jetted tub and above-mounted sink, and cute pocket doors to the small bedroom. Our room was clean but housekeeping was a bit iffy -- glasses not replaced, stuff on the bathroom counter not straightened.Unlike other Embassys, the rooms are not around a central courtyard, and the lobby is very small and narrow. Some outdoor seating helps, but seating is at a premium at breakfast and the evening manager's reception. We felt crowded most of the time. The two free drinks and free snacks are very generous -- we never used all the drink coupons. Our biggest complaint: the elevator situation is terrible. There are two guest elevators and a staff elevator. Mid-way through our stay, one passenger elevator broke; it was quickly fixed and then the staff elevator broke. We could not find stairs that go to the lobby -- we tried one and it went to the basement (though we never asked, so maybe the other staircase would work). One morning, I forgot my camera, and going back up and then down again took 15 minutes. Another morning, there was a 10-minute line for the elevator. (Yes, a line, like at an amusement park.) Air conditioning was also spotty in the elevator and hallways; our room was fine, though others I talked to had problems with it shutting off. That added to the crowded, cattle-call feel of the hotel.As others have mentioned, the breakfast waits are long, especially on the weekends. On weekdays, go to breakfast before 8:30am to beat the crowd. On weekends, there was a long line even at 8am. The staff is very nice but cannot keep up with demand -- bowls were missing, no milk for coffee, etc. However, the food is very good and much better than the typical Embassy breakfast. And it's included, which is a huge money-saver in this expensive city.The hotel has a concierge desk, and they gave us great advice about visiting a farmer's market (Jean Talon). They seem to know their stuff. The &quot;fitness center&quot; was a seemingly temporary setup in an empty guest room on the second floor; I assume they're working on that. It was awkward and I decided not to use it, but that was no big deal. Overall, the value is very good and we would probably stay here again, but we might also price the Westin or Inter-Continental down the street, since they have the same location advantages.	
Aug 21 2009 	Couldn't be more pleased!	My husband booked this hotel for our 30th anniversary and we had a wonderful time. The suite was perfect with a kitchenette, 2 large screen Tv's, a whirlpool tub, a fireplace and many restaurants and attractions nearby. All this for an affordable price! I want to return and do it again.	
Aug 21 2009 	Very nice in every way except for the view and the free beer	We stayed at the Embassy Suites to attend a convention at the Montreal Palais de Conrges (convention center). This hotel is very convenient for that, right across the street. It's also only a few blocks from Chinatown and from Old Montreal.The room itself was beautiful, with a combination kitchen (no oven, but there is a microwave and even a dishwasher) and sitting room as well as the bedroom. Bathroom has a shower and large a jacuzzi-style tub that was great. Two flatscreen TVs, one in bedroom and one in sitting area. No dishes or utensils in the kitchen except for the mugs for coffee. Supposedly, you could ask for them, but they never showed up so we borrowed them from the breakfast buffet.Wireless access worked well in the room; there is usually a charge but it was free with our convention rate. Free full breakfast everyday was great. Free snacks and two free drinks every afternoon but the only beer on the &quot;free&quot; menu was Alexander Keith's, basically Budweiser.Helpful, friendly staff. The view for some rooms was the convention center (not bad, really) but our room looked out on some construction behind the hotel. Some rooms had fireplaces, but ours did not, so ask if you want one.Note that Montreal has great restaurants but not in this hotel.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great hotel - great location	This is a great place if you want to be centrally located and want to walk to many points of interests of Montreal. We have a 7 and 9 year old and it was an easy walk to Old Montreal (only a couple of blocks from the Notre-Dame Basilica), to China Town and maybe 15 minute walk to downtown although there is a subway station one block away. We brought our bikes and we were able to ride to the waterfront (streets are narrow and tricky for the kids but it's not far) and go riding along the Lachine Canal bike path which goes for miles. There is a new &quot;public bicycle&quot; system in place in Montreal where there are bike racks all over the city. You can pick up a bike and you can drop it off at any other location. It costs $5. This is a very &quot;Bike friendly&quot; city. There is a bike rack just in front of the hotel. The rooms were great and the kids loved the HUGE jetted tub with a light in it!! I guess you need to ask to get dishes because the kitchen was empty but we loved the big fridge and microwave to use for snacks. Having a living room and kitchen made it feel like you werent stuck in a little hotel room. It was a great bonus to have drink tickets for every day we were there. We had good drinks, the kids had their Shirley Temple and a plate of snacks before heading out for the evening. Front desk staff was great and everything was done very quickly and efficiently. Free breakfast was good too. There was lots of selection. We never had to wait more than a minute.	
Aug 17 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!!!	This hotel was one of the best I have ever stayed in! It was beautifully appointed, and the guest rooms had many nice upgrades like granite and flat screen t.v.s. The bed was unbelievably comfortable-- we loved it! Great location right on the edge of Vieux Montreal. We walked to everything! The staff was VERY friendly and helpful as well. I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Aug 16 2009 	Great location and service	We just go back from staying at the Embassy Suites Montreal. Great location and nice room/suite; I thought it was a little on the small side compared to other Embassy Suites. There were a few stains on the carpet (rm 715) , but overall pretty clean. As previously posted, my main issue was the hectic pace of breakfast; long lines and not enough tables. We did have to wait in line for about 10 minutes, and then I finally gave up and just wanted cold ceral, but couldn't find any bowls. When a few bowls did show up, there wasn't any milk. Finally, I just had a cup of coffee and a croissant.Overall, nice hotel with good service, but they still have some issues to work out.	
Aug 12 2009 	Beautiful hotel in a great area	We were in town for a convention, and chose the hotel because it is right across from the convention center and had suites for us and our teenage daughter. The hotel is so new it wasn't listed on our car's updated nav disk. In addition to the Palais, it is right at the edge of the Old City, a few blocks from Montreal's China Town, with longer walks to the pier, downtown restaurants, etc. The Metro is about a block away. We didn't move our car the five days we stayed there.The room was fantastic. There was a nice sized kitchen with a full size refrigerator/freezer (no utensils though!). The master bedroom with a king size bed had two closets and closing doors to the living room area and the bathroom. The living room had a decent sofa bed and a desk area, plus an large closet in the entryway, plus its own door into the common bathroom. There were two nice modern TVs that we didn't use.The bathroom had a huge whirlpool type bath. Unfortunately there was no easy way to get in or out of the deep tub - at minimum of support bar should have been provided. The shower stall was tiny, with clear glass so there was no privacy. There was one sink, but a dressing area over on the side. The bathroom was perfect for a couple, but provided no privacy areas that allowed more than one person to use it. I've seen that handled a lot better with much less space.I called down about signing into the internet connection, and was told that the rooms were wired and there was a charge of $9.99 a day - the advertised free internet was in the lobby and wireless. As a Hilton Silver member I was a bit miffed at this. The lobby internet would not work as advertised without a password either, but the front desk clerk provided me with one.The manager's reception every night was a bright point - good service with the drinks and they even provided the more expensive mixed fruity ones. They limit two per day per person, but we left without using anywhere near all the tickets so this was not a problem.Parking lot - the signs are not existent or dead wrong. You have to pull up to the garage door and then it opens, then drive to the LEFT on the way in, then it switches without warning to the right! After we parked, there was not even a hint at how to get to the hotel - we kept following signs into the basement, then walked up five flights and through an eerie tunnel until we saw light. If it had been dark out we might still be in there. Get some signs!!!Much has been said about the breakfast fiasco. It was the same every day we were there. Again - GET SOME SIGNS! Give people hints what is where. The omelet line could probably go 50% faster just by moving the omelet ingredient station back a few feet and putting a big sign in English and French telling people to put their choices in the little bowls. Several times there were no omelets being made as people up front were either frantically filling the bowls one at a time or not even sure what to do. And there was no reason to put the secret pancakes in the same area (never did get one), the fruit and utensils - but then this has been mentioned in detail by others.In short, a great hotel but it can be perfect with a few modifications.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great property with a few minor issues	I heartily recommend the Embassy Suites to anybody coming to Montreal but, as many reviewers have stated earlier, there are a few problems that really need to be looked after by the corporate head office or the hotel's senior management. First off, the rooms are huge and utterly gorgeous! Simply put, these are apartments, not standard hotel rooms. Floor-to-ceiling windows, central climate control (more on this shortly), a huge in-room jacuzzi-style bathtub -- for one in my room, for 2 in the larger fireplace suites -- and a great kitchen.The most glaring problem is the breakfast situation. It really is as dire as depicted. There is a cafeteria-style lineup that is simply not needed, as its only purpose is for custom-cooked eggs/omlettes. If you arrive after 8:30 for breakfast, be prepared to queue for around half an hour. As you make your way down the line, you are blocking access to plates, trays, cutlery (they are perpetually short of knives, it would seem) and the bowls of fresh fruit. At the end of the line you'll find three chafing dishes (breakfast potatoes, bacon and saussages), two harried cooks managing 5 pans and a pancake dispensary at the far end. There are three more identically-full chafing dishes at the far end of the dining room but they are not signed in any way and most guests don't know of their existance. I would *strongly* recommend they consider ripping out the cafeteria-line, put three large tables for the self-serve chafing dishes and a fourth specifically for eggs/omlettes, as is done in almost every other hotel I've stayed in.My second gripe was the air conditioning. It's on a motion detector and hard-set to default to 20 degrees. Great for energy conservation when the room is unoccupied -- not so great when you need it to be cold to sleep...and since you're not moving around, the detector shuts the A/C off and you wake up in a stuffy hot room at 3am. It took three nights for their maintenance staff to resolve this issue but in the end it was fixed, and my bill was reduced by a fair amount for the inconvenience. The corridor on our floor (6th) wase *not* air conditioned and were very stuffy, also.The next issue was Internet connectivity. There were many times my wife and I were unable to connect, either from her Mac or my XP box, both in-room or in the lobby. Even when connected, it was very slow. Since we were part of a convention whose guests are highly 'Net-savvy, I'd say we maxed out their bandwidth in short order.What few problems we did encounter were more than made up for by the fanstastic staff. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM, from the Concierge to the chamber-maids, were wonderful and made us feel welcome. This is a model staff that every hotel in the industry should strive to emulate, and I compliment whoever in management has set the bar so very high in staff training. You got it right, plain and simple, and we *will* be back! The only thing that would make it perfect for us would be a fitness centre with pool and jacuzzi.	
Aug 9 2009 	Wow	We had a very enjoyable stay. We were upgraded to an enormous suite with fireplaces, a whirlpool bath, and full kitchen (not that we used it) with a table for 6. Furniture was comfortable and in good condition. As others have noted, breakfast can get crowded, but we were told it was ok to bring our trays back up to our room, so we did. The manager's reception was a great amenity. We ordered room service a couple times--the food was great and service was quite prompt. Self-parking was a big plus, too. I much prefer it to valet. There are only two elevators serving 11 guest floors and 5 parking levels, so there was sometimes a wait. One of elevators was not working one morning, and the management staff were telling guests they could use the nearby service elevator. That message was not being conveyed to the rest of the staff, however, resulting in some confusion.I didn't much care for the restaurant scene in Old Montreal nearby. The restaurants were crowded, pricey, and very tourist-oriented. On my next trip to Montreal, I'll focus more on the restaurants on Rue Ste. Catherine. Only areas for improvement were that the supplies of plates, glassware, etc. in the kitchen were quite limited, and the TV's, though flat-panel, only received analog channels (no high-def). A DVD player would be a nice touch, too.Overall, we had a great time and I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 8 2009 	Lovely hotel great location but many little problems	I am currently on day 3 of a 5-day stay at the Embassy Suites Centre-Ville. I booked a room for 3 adults and 1 child. Our room is lovely and modern. The fireplace is all-electric, really more like a picture of a fire that emits heat than an actual FIREplace. The kitchen is disappointing; though it has a very nice refrigerator it's not really a kitchen. It's more of a wet-bar with a microwave and fridge and lots of empty cabinets. Our dishwasher happened to be unlocked when we arrived (others have said theirs were locked). I have not yet tried the lovely jacuzzi tub in the spacious bathroom. The shower is nice; I wish it were a bit larger and had someplace to hang the towels where they'd stay dry, but you could reach them from inside. I've taken to placing them on the rolling vanity chair before I enter.The hotel will bring you dishes if you ask but they really don't seem to understand what &quot;kitchen things&quot; mean. When i first asked, they asked me how many people I wanted dishes for. They brought me 4 plates, 4 forks, 4 butter knives, and 4 spoons for 4 people. No bowls, no extra glasses, no service pieces, no microwave cooking pieces. When I asked again later, they brought me some bowls, a cutting board, and a sharp knife, but said they did not have anything like a colander or service pieces. We have asked for dishwasher detergent twice and still have not gotten any. They do arrive promptly with the items that they are willing to bring. I've just given up on asking.When we arrived, there was a wet spot on the carpet. Soon afterward, we realized that the air conditioning was not working. They promptly sent up an engineer who then had to remove 10 or 20 pounds of ICE from the thing. This left an even WETTER spot in the bedroom in front of the bathroom. Yesterday I asked for someone to come and deal with these wet spots. They tried, but the one in front of the bathroom is still wet nearly 2 days later. Quite annoying to step on in bare feet.They provide only 3 sets of towels for the 4 of us. There are no extra towels for use as kitchen towels. If I call for extra towels, they do not replace them. I must call each day to get enough towels for all of us. While they do arrive promptly, it's annoying to have to keep asking over and over for stuff. I feel like I'm calling them twice every day for something... and it's much more annoying to call for something like extra towels over and over when it would be simple for the housekeeper to replace as many towels as she took away.About the internet: we had to file a ticket with their ISP to get the wired internet working in our room. Internet in the rooms requires a code that the front desk will tell you, but there is no way to know that. (A friend told me the code.) Their website says that there ought to be wireless access (as well as wired) in all the suites, but there is no wireless here in suite 507. When we called the front desk, they told us that the suites only have wired access. You can get wireless access in the lobby.Breakfast is served 6:30 to 9:30 on weekdays and 7:30 to 10:30 on weekends. Don't plan on rolling down there at 9 or 10 and getting fed; if the hotel is full the lines get long unless you get there early. They stop serving promptly at 9:30. If you can't get a seat it's okay to bring the stuff up to to your room. You can get made-to-order omelets and eggs. I saw someone with pancakes but don't know how to get them. There is a separate table with breakfast meat &amp; scrambled eggs if you don't want to wait in the big omelet line. Look behind the omelet line for the fresh fruit. Their chocolate croissant are very good, paw around under the regular croissant to find them. There's a toaster if you want your bread, english muffin, or bagel toasted. There's coffee and juice at the bar.My opinion so far: This hotel could be OUTSTANDING if they examined their processes from the guest's point of view. Some simple things that would make my stay much more enjoyable:- Replacing all the towels instead of just providing a standard set of 3 (in a room that 4 people are staying in. Children use at least as many towels as adults, y'know!)- Providing basic kitchen supplies like dishtowels, dish soap, kitchen tools, basic dishes and cutlery by default instead of by demand. At least STOCKING additional supplies like colanders and service pieces for folks who ask. If I wanted to wash and cut up some veggies, how would I do it?- Reorganizing the breakfast area. I should not have to ask a line of people to move aside so I can get some fruit. There only have to be 3 people in line and that area gets blocked.The hotel is OK. You could probably do a lot worse. If you are prepared for a bucket of minor annoyances in an otherwise very nice place, then this is a good choice. I really wish I could rate it higher.	
Aug 3 2009 	Correciton of Rating Scores	Please disregard my rating scores on the previous review. I accidentally checked off the incorrect boxes. The overall rating was excellent. Please refer to my comments in my previous review. They tell the how wonderful this hotel truly was.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great value fantastic room enjoyed it	Stayed here in August 2008 as part of road trip around US and Canada with my teenage children. First time in an Embassy Suite. New place, fantastic rooms, great staff, drinks reception in an evening well worth it.Only small downside, breakfast was good, but manic.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great space for family comfortable.	We recently spent 1 night here on our way to Mont Tremblant. I used Hilton points which is a great value for a family of four stay. We got there early and had no problem checking in. We had a king room reserved but they were able to give us a room with 2 queens which was great for our needs. The beds were comfortable and the room had a full sized kiichen and nice bathroom with huge jacuzzi tub. My only complaint on the room was the carpet had stains all over it. I did not complain to the desk but it was weird that it was so stained. It looked like the whole room was new except for the rugs.We enjoyed the managers reception. It was crowded but we found a spot on the sidewalk outside which was great. This is the first Embassy we have been at where we were given drink coupons, 2 each. I am wondering if this is a local law . Every other Embassy we have visited has just had a 2 hour happy hour. We also had breakfast in the morning and there was a decent variety. Never saw any pancakes though.  The wait for the elevator was long at times. I could not believe how rude some people waiting for it were. They would push their way in before people got off. Obviously, this is of no fault of the hotel.We brought an I touch and could not get a wireless signal. They had cable hookup though, if only I had brought my laptop.The location was great to walk to the old part of the city. It was also not far to walk to Saint Catherine Street. Parking was about $20.All of the staff were very helpful and friendly. The pool was not open but we knew this in advance. I would stay here again if I got a good deal, espeacially if I needed a suite, but I would also shop around if it were only 2 of us.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great business accommodation	Beautiful 1 bedroom suite with kitchen but no kitchenware or cookware. Stayed for 8 nights and would have liked to be able to cook something given I booked and thought it was a full contained 1 bedroom. Restaurant was quite limited in choices but there were numerous restaurants around the area. Location is great, in downtown, short walk to port,metro and plenty of shopping, activities.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location	Just got back yesterday from staying 3 nights in Montreal. The location of the hotel couldn't have been better. Just a short walk and you are in &quot;Old Montreal&quot;. Rooms were very nice - we had the &quot;studio&quot; which is a nice size for 2 people. Had no problem with the breakfast buffet - always found a table (we usually got down around 8:30). If you don't want to wait in line for made -to -order eggs, they have scrambled along with hard-boiled eggs, bacon, potatoes, yogurt and fruit salad on another table. If you wait until you get your fresh fruit, then you do have to get in line along with others waiting for the made- to- order eggs. They also have pancakes which you can go up to the left and get them from the chef (this should probably be in a different area). The manager's reception can get crowded but we always found an area to sit - one night we sat on the couches - who needs a table to share a drink and snack (veggies &amp; dip, salsa &amp; chips, cheese, pretzels and mini-bagel pizzas). Every one was very helpful &amp; friendly and no problem with language. The parking garage was very convenient (extra charge of $19/day but you could go in and out). Would definitely stay here again.  The only problem with the room was that the carpet was a little soiled in some areas. However the rest of the room was clean - the dishwasher was locked as mentioned in another review -but who needs to do dishes. Just put our used cups in the sink and got fresh ones the next day!	
Jul 19 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed 1 night in this hotel and found staff, rooms and everything to our liking. A big shout out to the staff and management. We had planned a 2 night stay but for reasons unrelated to the hotel, we decided to cut the stay short. Hotel management willingly canceled the 2nd night and honored the free parking rate even though it was a 2 night stay rate. My gold Hilton Honors probably had something to do with this. We remained parked in the garage all day while we walked around vieux Montreal. But, they went one step further. I had a lot of Canadian $$ that I was not going to spend with our shortened visit so they refunded my credit card for the first night (which I had paid in deposit 2 weeks earlier) and allowed me to pay for the room in cash so I didn't have as much $$ to exchange back. They were friendly the entire time I was pestering them with these requests. Our room was very clean and most importantly, quiet. If there is a negative, it is that the morning breakfast room is packed. We went down late thinking we'd miss the rush but instead, I think everybody had our idea. We had to wait in line about 15 minutes and had to eat sitting in the lobby area on couches instead of tables. Was not the end of the world but it might be worth it to go down to eat earlier in the morning.	
Jul 16 2009 	Top Drawer - I would recommend no other location	FOr a weekend stay during the Jazz Festiaval the staff was exxceptionally friendly, the accomodations were comparable to the very best. The managers reception and the breakfasts add the right touch of class and the location could not have been better	
Jul 13 2009 	Very Pleased with our Stay. Will stay here again.	My Husband and I stayed Friday, July 10th for one evening. We stayed in room 813 and were very impressed. Our room was surprisingly large with a great layout. The room had tons of storage space. Three closets in the room, with plenty of hangers. The king size bed was very comfortable (I am extremely picky about beds). The bathroom was also very big with a bathtub big enough for two! The jets were pretty extreme, so we quickly turned them off, but enjoyed a great soak before our night on the town. Upon check-in we received 2 tickets each for cocktails in the evening, as well as a ticket each for the hot breakfast the next morning. Drinks were lovely, although it was very sunny and hot in the restaurant at cocktail hour. The next morning we went to the restaurant around 9:30am for breakfast. There was a bit of a lineup for the omelet station, but nothing unreasonable. We had no problem getting a table. Staff was quick to clear tables. I have read some complaints about the breakfasts, and I have to say, I can't really relate to them. Although we have had better breakfasts, the food was good enough to have us leaving feeling satisfied. The location was great! We were in town for cirque du soleil and we walked to the venue as well as to several other places of interest in old montreal. There is also a bixi bike rack right out from of the hotel. This is such a great idea and very convenient for the hotel guests.My Husband and I intend to return to Montreal in the future and I wouldn't hesitate to book with this hotel again!	
Jul 7 2009 	Appalling Management and dirty	People who review this hotel are probably impressed by the gimmicks like flat screen TVs and jet tubs, but in my 20 years of travel I have never seen anything so appalling. On my first night I discovered that broken glass was left all over the carpet. Oviously vaccuming between guests is not part of the housekeeping program in this hotel. As this is a suite hotel with a kitchen I tried to use the dishwahser...no luck there...it was literally screwed shut . I called reception who sent a handy man with a drill to open it. His explanation was that the machines were screwed shut under order of management as some guests had &quot;missused&quot; the machine. Apparently this management thinks nothing of inconveniencing hundreds of guests because of one incident. The second night I came back to my room the bed was not done and the bathroom half cleaned. It took 4 phone calls to reception and 90 minutes of arguing before someone came to finish cleaning the room. The front desk supervisor could not do anything according to her except write a report for a manager for the next day. Breakfast is barely above school cafeteria grade , staff is unavailable and ignores guests waiting for a table. The explanation i was given is that the breakfast service is contracted out to another company and is not run by Hilton-Embassy suites. One advice...stay away, for the price you can do a lot better in Montreal.	
Jul 1 2009 	Excellent Hotel during the NHL Draft	This was one of the stays where everything seemed to work out no matter what.When I arrived at the hotel i was greeted graciously, and was given a room on the ninth floor corner room (Room 901)This was a great room with full kitchen, living room, dining area, hallway for jackets etc, bedroom and bathroom with jacuzzi bath.The staff was more than able to help in any way that they could during my stay and I was also fortunate enough to see a number of NHL coaches and executives while staying here during the week of the Draft.The only little concern, breakfast time, it seems that the fruits and omelettes are all in one line, so if you want just a piece of fruit you have to wait in the sometimes long line.I just stayed recently at another Embassy Suites in Canada and it made a lot more sense. So to have it seperate would be much more less of a headache.However, this was not a big deal to me.This hotel is located directly across the street from Place De Armes and is very convenient to all the major attractions etc.I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 28 2009 	Could NOT Be Better--Location Staff Room Amenities were PERFECT	We read all the reviews and that convinced us to stay here for our honeymoon. Well, all the good things written were GREAT and the few bad things written were not so bad.First and foremost, the location is perfect. We walked all over the Old City, the Latin Quarter, China Town is literally across the street, and the Bell Center/Museums area were all an easy walk. The highlight of our trip was the Botanical Gardens, an easy ride on the Metro, which has a station around the corner from the hotel. The Gardens were extraordinary.Our suite was great with a big jacuzzi, two flat screen TVs and stainless steel appliances.And the staff could not have been nicer. Stephanie, Emily, Benny, Robert and the rest--merci bou coup!A lot of people complained about the line for breakfast. What would you expect when everyone shows up at the same time? I had a perfect, quiet breakfast each day at 7:30 AM. My wife usually arrived later and rather than wait in the omelet line, she got her juice, cereal, yogurt, fruit and crouisant without delay.The other complaint was about the construction noise next door-the Westin is expanding. We were on the front side of the building and other than the ocaisional siren, it was quiet.All in all a perfect experience.	
Jun 26 2009 	Outstanding in every way -- EXCEPT breakfast	When I booked our room through the Hilton website, I was a little concerned about what we would find, given that our rate was almost too good to be true. I needn't have worried: this hotel is a gem! Our suite had more room than we knew what to do with, a bed that was the most comfortable hotel bed that I've slept in in years, fireplace, and plenty of closets. The bathroom was enormous, with a great whirlpool tub, separate lighted makeup mirror for my wife, and a ton of plush towels. The corner shower was a bit cramped, however.Best part of this hotel? The front staff. You couldn't ask for a friendlier, more helpful, more cheerful and more welcoming group of people! Commendations to all!So why am I giving this property an overall rating of &quot;4&quot; instead of a &quot;5&quot;? The breakfast. The weekend of our stay, chaos reigned. On the two mornings that we ate here, the restaurant ran out of dishes, ran out of silverware, ran out of breads, ran out of decaf coffee, served food that was mediocre at best and inedible at worst -- and ran out of basic customer service. When my wife asked a server if he would make more decaf, he replied &quot;No&quot; and walked away. It took management's intervention to fix that one. We skipped the hotel's breakfast on our last morning and ate at the Eggspectation around the corner -- pricey but worth it. We were told that the Embassy's food service is contracted out and that this was a new vendor on a 6-month tryout. Let's hope that they find a new vendor real soon.Will we return to the Embassy? Absolutely! It's quality, location, friendliness and value are superb. And maybe we'll get a decent breakfast on our next visit.	
Jun 25 2009 	Very good choice	The location is very good. A few steps from old Montreal and modern Montreal. The rooms were comfortable and exceed our expectations. Good breakfast and manager reception. Very clean.	
Jun 24 2009 	Nicest Hotel by far!	This was by far the best hotel I have ever stayed in. It is absolutely beautiful on the inside. Not only was the room great but they provided a complimentary breakfast each morning that included omelets, bacon, sausage, etc. Also, every night they had a happy hour where each guest received two complimentary drinks as well as appetizers to snack on. The location is also a plus. It is facing downtown montreal and backs up to Old Montreal. One Block from Rue St Paul. Will definately be staying there on my next visit!	
Jun 15 2009 	A place in Montreal I can call home	I'll try and make this quick as I usually write fairly extensive reviews. I had the chance to stay a sixth time in less than a year this past week-end at the Embassy Suites in Montreal. Over the past few years, I've tried quite a few other Montreal hotels, including the new Hilton Garden Inn on Sherbrooke, part of the same Hilton family brands and the attitude I got at check-in made me cancel my reservation on the spot and I went back where I should have booked in the first place: this hotel. This stay, once again, proved that this hotel's staff is eager to please and really cares about the guest's well being. The managers I've seen also are ALWAYS on the ball and available. Two of the front desk staff now remember me when I check-in, and by that I mean I don't even need to say my name that they're already typing it in their computers before I even get to the counter. I've never, ever, in my 5 young years of fairly extensive traveling, experienced something like this in a large hotel. Seeing them interact with other guests, everyone is equally well-treated. The service staff during the happy hour are running around on busy Saturdays making sure everyone has one of the free drinks included with all room rates and picking up dirty dishes. The suites are immaculately clean. I won't repeat what everyone else has said about the layout, the pictures speak for themselves. This hotel being relatively new (opened late 2007), there might still be some construction going on behind in the condo tower going up but I've never heard anything during the week-ends. The Westin that was being built next door is also now finished, which should considerably reduce early morning noise on weekdays from now on. Best bet is to ask for a St-Antoine facing suite (if available). The beds are the most comfortable I've found in Montreal. There is just no comparison. Local calls are free, and High speed internet also, if my memory serves me right. Overall, this hotel, with the prime location a mere block from the Notre-Dame basilica and Old Montreal, yet, less than a 5 minute walk from Ste-Catherine, the genuine friendliness of the front desk staff and the competitive rates make this place the only hotel you should consider for your Montreal trip. I've stayed at the Square Phillips, rated #1 in Montreal (last time I checked), but frankly, with the free full breakfast, the 2 drinks per person and much more comfortable mattresses, I'd say this won wins in the suite-hotel category. Give it a try and you'll see how it'll become your home in Montreal (after all, it is like having your own appartment!). Of course, it has some cons, like the kitchen smell that still somehow gets up to the lower floors (although significantly improved situation over last fall) and that promised pool that has been under construction for over a year! now, but the rest more than makes up for it.I rarely do this in my reviews but Embassy Suites management, if you read this, please do make sure you never loose your front desk personel and congratulate them on their hard work. They are by far the best in Montreal and for restaurants recommendations, Julie (I believe is her name) is a book of knowledge! Kudos!	
Jun 15 2009 	Great service and attitude nice rooms okay breakfast lousy happy hour	I think that pretty much sums up all of what I wanted to say about this hotel. The location is fabulous--a stones throw away from major Old Montreal attractions, and the metro is a block away. There is no view for this hotel though, as it is surrounded by other hotels and tall buildings. Our room's air conditioning failed, and the service repairmen came three times to try and fix it, and finally let us know that we would have to open the window. Luckily, it was a nice night. The next morning, he came when we weren't there, and fixed it. They were unfailingly pleasant and helpful. The breakfast is pure madness. I would recommend skipping the omelet station and just go for the buffets (which are quite hidden, look around) or go there as close to closing time as possible. The happy hour drinks were not good. If you are determined to get your free drink, stick to the red or white wine. Those are bearable. But don't do the martini, they'll put ice in it. And the scotch tastes like pipe cleaners. But hey, it's free. Overall, I enjoyed my stay.	
Jun 10 2009 	More than satisfactory for a moderate budget	This hotel is one of the best hotels that we have ever been compared to the price we paid. Our room view was on the courtyard but the quality of the room was more than compensatory. The staff was always cheerful and helpful in every way. The breakfast was very delicious. We also adored 17:00 o'clock free drinks and snacks. The location is great, very near to the metro and old city. Believe me, you will never regret.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great location Great hotel but breakfast was disappointing	We loved the location of this hotel. Just across from the Metro and only a block from Notre Dame in Old Montreal. We were fortunate to be upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite which was absolutely fantastic. The suite was beautifully appointed and very clean. A really good hotel!Our only complaint would be breakfast. The whole organisation of it was a shambles. It was Sunday morning so of course breakfast is busy. But if you want a nice leisurely Sunday breakfast then this is not the place to go! The food was fine but the organisation leaves a lot to be desired!!!Upon arrival we spoke to the waitress who told us to line up for hot food and she would get us a table. We did that, got our food and stood waiting while she frantically ran around doing goodness knows what. So we just found a table for 3 for ourselves and pulled an extra chair to it for the 4 of us. By the time we then got 2 kids organised our hot breakfasts were cold. It would really be better to seat guests before telling them to go and order their hot food! There's no point in lining up guest to order food if you have nowhere to sit them - I saw a few people give up and take the food back to their rooms. Plus they ran out of clean trays and cutlery (probably because people have to leave the restaurant with their food due to the lack of tables)	
May 31 2009 	#1 in Montreal. No question. Best stay best people!	My wife and I stayed for 3 nights (May 16-19 2009) while in town for the Quebec Poker Tournament League Championships which was held at the Palais Du Congres. This was our second stay as we had been here for a similar event in January earlier this year.The Embassy Suites is located right accross the street from the Palais Du Congres. To give you an idea how close it is, when our tournament went on supper break for one hour, I was able to leave the 3rd level where the tournament was held, and in less than five minutes, I was in my room. It was less than one minute to walk from door to door across Saint Antoine St. You can not ask for better if you are in Montreal for an event at the Palais Du Congres.This hotel is very very modern and clearly has been recently renovated. We stayed in a Junior Suite, which had a seperate bedroom (with King Size), which had french doors that opened up to enter the room. You could access the HUGE bathroom from either the bedroom or the main area of the room. The room had a full kitchen including full size fridge and freezer, microwave, sink, dishwasher, coffee machine and cupboard space that you wouldnt believe. There was no stove in this room though. There are no plates or cutlery in the room, but if you request them, they will supply it all. The bathroom is unbelievable. A two person (side by side) jet tub. This thing is huge and is the greatest addition possible. At the end of the day (or anytime) this thing is so relaxing. It is huge and has an optional underwater light which is also cool. There is also a very nice stand up shower with excellent water pressure. A nice little corner vanity (which the wife loved!) and a very beautiful modern sink and counter area. You will not want to leave.In the main living room area, you have a pull out couch that is facing a large wall mounted LCD tv, which is located directly above a very nice electric fireplace. In front of the bedroom doors, there is a very nice desk and office chair for your business needs. I did not have a computer with me, but all the hook ups for high speed were there.In the bedroom, the most confortable king size bed was situated directly in front of yet another wall mounted LCD tv!!!!!!! Again in here, there was so much closet and dresser space, you could easily move in to this place for good. Would be an amazing apartment for sure.Another thing that we love about this place is the free breakfast buffet. I mean just up the road at the Delta Centre Ville, you pay 22.99 plus tax per person for their buffet. This one is included with the room! You can have custom omelettes made by a group of chefs that are lined up waiting for your custom order. You do not see this at other hotels. The other basic hot buffet breakfast items are all there too, but this omelette makes this buffet extra special. No bill at the end is nice too!!!Oh did I mention that you get two free drinks at the bar per person per day included with your room!!! They have to be used at a specific cocktail hour, which I believe is from 5:30 to 7:30, but if you have ever had a drink in a hotel bar, you know that this is a significant savings, which again is complimentary.Parking is underground and you always have in and out access. Elevators are very quick coming and going from the parking area. The price is 19 per day, but again, for downtown Montreal it is a fair price. At the Delta and Queen Elizabeth, you pay up to 22 per day. At least you have easy access to your vehicle here and the location is secure. I also noticed that there is a laundy centre with several washers and dryers for hotel guests with detergent and fabric softener available at the front desk.The staff here are amazing too. The dedication to customer service starts at the top. The manager, Francois went out of his way to make sure we had an amazing stay. Where else would you actually have contact with a manager?? And the front desk staff were also very friendly and helpful. It goes on and on. From the administative staff to the concierge who is always at your service, to the cleaning staff, I found no weak spots in regards to the staff of this hotel.All in all, we have found our new favorite hotel in Montreal, hands down. We will only stay here from now on. After having stayed at several other downtown hotels in Montreal, we are happy to have finally found the Embassy Suites.	
May 24 2009 	Great location comfy rooms crowded breakfast	This is an elegant and new hotel. Spacious rooms are well-appointed--ours had a huge jacuzzi as well as very comfortable bed/pillows, and a gas fireplace. Lovely hair/body care products. Staff were very helpful and especially friendly with my child's needs. It's a very easy hotel to relax in.The location can't be beat--the Place des Armes metro stop is just a block away, and Vieux Montreal is just a few minutes' walk away. An excellent base for family touring.The only weak area here was breakfast. Other reviews have pointed out that the line for the made-to-order omelets is in the way of the fruit table, and prior to the trip, that didn't seem like such a big problem. But the logistics of breakfast were quite poor. On Saturday morning, between 9-9:30, the line for omelets actually stretched out of the restaurant area and across the elevator lobby, and the seating area was quite crowded. The line was so dense that it was difficult for people to get at the fruit. The tea water wasn't really warm enough to hold temperature in the cup at the table, so my tea would be cold halfway through the meal, and the potatoes were also not really warm enough. The pastries and cereal were great (and easily accessible),but the hotel really needs to rethink how to get guests access to breakfast in a smoother manner. People who want quick and hot breakfasts might do better going around the corner to the very fabulous Eggspectation.	
May 15 2009 	The most engaging experience since 5 years of travels in Montreal	For all my requests the went far over my expectations: Help to configure my laptop to use the WiFi in my room, information about their projects for a new terrasse, 2 breakfast in the same morning (at 6h30 and at 10h30 when the kitchen was supposely closed) and so on.Staff is really friendly to all clients. I'm using hotels to stay in Montreal since 5 years and I was never fully satisfied, now I stop looking for other places!	
Apr 27 2009 	Great value spacious and centrally located.	My wife, 5-year-old daughter, and I recently stay 3 nights at this hotel. We got a good deal online with 50% off the third night and free parking. Even without the discount, it was a great value for such a large suite (separate bedroom and living room and large bathroom). We liked the full size refrigerator and microwave for the leftovers from our night out in the nearby Chinatown. Location was great; very close to Old Montreal and downtown, as well as the subway station across the hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Breakfasts were included in the price, which was pretty good. There is a small business center with 3 computers for us to check our e-mail and do a quick search for what to do in Montreal. Overall, it was a great value for our family of 3, and will definitely stay here again.	
Apr 16 2009	Relaxed 	Spent the weekend April 10-12, at Montreal. The drive to Montreal from Toronto was easy and relaxed. The stay at Embassy Suites, which is located in the old city, was very comfortable. The wait for breakfast was very long and not worth it. I strongly suggest to try a local restaurant, as the food is fresh and prepared with style. Notredam Basilica was 2 minutes walk, stunning interiors, a must place to visit. Avoid visiting the basilica when the service is on, this will limit your movement inside. Took a buggy ride of the city. The streets have a European blend, and a great place for walk. It was colder than we expectedAll the restaurants we visited were excellent. Mount royal is a great place to visit, easiest way to get there is to drive up to the mountain. There is plenty of parking, the main viewing area is 5 minutes walk from the parking. It is a great place to spend 2-3 days.	
Apr 15 2009 	Clean Rooms Spacious Great Location.	Overall we loved the hotel and will stay there again next time we visit Montreal. Our only complaint was that our room faced a construction site that got active at 6:45am!!! Not the hotel's fault, but a nuisance just the same. See attached pics for our &quot;view.&quot; We booked the &quot;Studio&quot; room and it was plenty spacious for the 2 of us. Clean and comfortable, which is most important to us. Hotel is located right across the street from the Place Des Armes metro stop. Biggest plus about this hotel is the breakfast. Cooked to order eggs, pancakes, omelets. Plus a wide variety of cereals and breads. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Look no further, this is where you should stay!	
Apr 12 2009 	A sweet stay at the Embassy Suites Montreal	My wife and I stayed here for a weekend getaway with our five-year old and infant sons. Overall this hotel was a very good value, clean, modern, spacious and in an excellent location. We got a fair deal deal through the Embassy Suites website for $149/night that included free self-serve parking (worth $21 per day). There were a lot of positives. The reception staff was polite, friendly and helpful. Like other Embassy Suites, there is an element of self-serve but this is to be expected. The rooms are among the best furnished and designed of the Embassy Suites that we have visited. The kitchens features a full-size fridge as well as a dishwasher, double sink, coffee maker and microwave. The bathroom features a large Jacuzzi tub and separate shower stall. There was a convenient counter overhang in the kitchen with a couple of bar stools that replaced the need for a dining table. There were two flat screen TVs and other nice touches. The location is excellent with the metro/subway station nearby and easy road access to the sights. The hotel address puts the visitor within walking distance to the sights and eateries of Old Montreal and Chinatown.But there were a few downsides at this hotel. The morning breakfast is ample but chaotic. Service is uneven at best and grumpy at worst. The organization of breakfast is clumsy with long lines for the omelettes and pancakes with shortfalls in the freshly baked foods; e.g. croissants. The lines also block access to the plates, cutlery, fruit and yogurt. Another quibble is with the othewise excellent kitchen in the suite where there is ample cupboard space but no utensils, plates or cutlery provided. This is a city hotel with expected compromises. But on the whole, the Embassy Suites Montreal is worth visiting. My family and I expect to go back when we are next in Montreal.	
Apr 9 2009 	WOW what a great find!	This place was great. Fantastic rooms and it is centrally located place. Everyone who worked there was super friendly. The only problem we found was that the concierge didn't really know too much about the area. They seemed to have to look on the internet for everything (which we could have done ourselves). So don't rely on the concierge for any real tidbits, but other than that the hotel was out of this world. Huge, beautiful rooms, decent breakfast and nice happy hour included. Would absolutely stay there again.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great Deal very clean	We stayed at this hotel and found the staff very friendly, the rooms clean and the location was excellent if you wanted to spend time in old Montreal. Our room had a full kitchen, flat screen TV and a gas fireplace. The manager's reception and buffet breakfast were great. My only problem was with the lineup for breakfast. People waiting in line for their made to order omelettes were blocking access to the fruit and other buffet items and the line was VERY slow. Overall a great experience. I wish we spent more time in our room.	
Mar 26 2009 	Wow! Superb cheap luxury	This venue far exceeded our expectations. Truly five star.The room was lush, and the bed... oooooh. Firm but plush. And the jet bath was perhaps the most comfortable 2-person one we've been in.All of the staff were super friendly and helpful. Not something we expected, being non-French speakers.Right on the edge of Old Montreal, so easy walking distance to the boutique galleries, restaurants and other cute places. However, getting into the Downtown area is a bit further, especially if you walk underground (entrance to the underground city is opposite the front entrance).	
Mar 20 2009 	Amazing find!	I had booked a room in another hotel, but when the reservation was lost, I had to scramble and find something at the last minute. I searched for over an hour on the Net, and based on the reviews on Tripadvisor, decided to give the Embassy Suites a chance. I was very pleased! Clean, quiet, spacious, confortable, close to Old Montreal and the downtown core. There's even a decent complimentary buffet breakfast in the morning. I will certainly book there again. One of the best values for the price in Montreal. The only drawback: no utensils, pots and pans or even dishes to go with the otherwise great kitchen... So be forewarned: if you stay at the Embassy Suites for a few days and plan on doing some cooking, bring the basics. Otherwise, everything was perfect.	
Mar 1 2009 	Can't really beat the rooms!	I'd say the pictures say it all. The hotel is less than 2 years old and has a modern feel. Each room is a large suite. Fireplace, LCD tv, basic kitchen facilities, modern bathroom. It feels like a nice apartment. Service is good, not great. It is a 4 star I'd say and the accomodations is the standout part. Location is good, close to areas you may not get to if you stay right downtown and you can walk 10 minutes, take a less than $10 cab or $2 subway to get right downtown. You are by the old port, near chinatown.I'd stay here for any weekend getaway!	
Jan 14 2009	Excellent - the best Embassy Suites has to offer!	Excellent property - well above most Embassy Suites. As a family of five, all suite hotels are our hotels of choice. This Embassy Suites is an outstanding hotel. Our suite was exceptionally clean and modern, with 2 flat screen TVs, wireless internet, a huge bathroom, closets and a full kitchen. We found the people to be warm and helpful, the breakfast standard, and parking easy and underground. The location was perfect - one block from Old Montreal (lots to see, great restaurants), the Cathedral of Notre Dame, Chinatown, etc. We HIGHLY RECOMMEND this hotel!!	
Jan 2 2009 	Beautiful suite contemporary style	Our family of five always stays at suite style hotels. The rooms at Embassy suites appeared newly renovated with granite countertops, flat screen tvs, comfortable beds and one the nicer bathrooms in any hotel I have stayed. The hotel is located across the street from the underground and we walked just a few feet to access the subway and a wide variety of shopping. We could walk three blocks to the center of old Montreal for evening dining. Breakfast was included and was plentiful and sufficient. There was an evening reception that included free cocktails. The staff was the best part as we found everyone frienedly and willing to answer questions. We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 21 2008 	Excellent Value	Having recently joined the Hilton Honors loyalty program, and having had a good experience at the Embassy Suites Deerfield Beach, I booked at this Embassy Suites for a business trip to Montreal. I was not disappointed. The staff catered to my request for a quiet room away from street noise. I was given room 1103, a two-room suite with a full kitchen. What a bonus for longer-term stays! Room service was prompt, and the serving was generous and tasty. A full buffet breakfast was included in the price. The croissants were the best!The only issue I had was that the jacuzzi tub went through some sort of self-clean cycle around 6:00 am, before I was ready to wake up. I wrote this on the comment card before checking out, so hopefully this problem will be fixed.Since I stayed only one night and did not venture out at all, I am unsure how convenient this is for shopping, etc., but I did notice that it is quite close to Old Montreal.	
Nov 29 2008 	Modern well appointed rooms	The Embassy Suite is a very nice hotel and seconds away from Old Montreal and next to the Metro subway system.During my last stay, I was upgraded to an &quot;executive suite&quot; which included an electric freplace and Neptune jet tub. The rooms are modern, well appointed and have enough a lot of space. This room type featured a partial kitchen (microwave, fridge, sink, dishwasher). Dishes are available on requestThis hotel is only 1 or 2 years old but a few things are already failing: Thermostat in main bedroom, fixings around electric fireplace,... and they are already doing some renovations (restaurant/kitchen) to certain areas of the hotel.Breakfast was included in rate and is ok but I have had slightly higher quality compl. breakfast at this chain before - not very impressive for Montreal.Don't get me wrong, it is a very nice place - good for families or business people, attentive staff,... but something just doesn't feel right, hence the neutral rating	
Nov 18 2008 	As Nice a room as it gets	The room reminded me of The Hotel Mandelay Bay Las Vegas. Maybe the funiture was not as nice but so much nicer than a typical Embassy Suites, Brand new, Huge bathroom with 2 person air tub and seperate shower, 2 LCD TVs, very comfortable bed, Stainless kitchen appliances, and a location of a block away from Old Montreal.	
Oct 25 2008 	Much nicer than the average Embassy Suites and awesome location	We stayed at the Embassy Suites Oct. 11-15, 2008. We were in Room 912. Lets start with the two negatives and get those out of the way. First negative was the view....interior view looking down to driveway and building under construction (basically, no view). Not a big deal, since we weren't there to look at hotel views. Secondly, one evening, despite the &quot;no smoking&quot; policy, we were waken by the STRONG smell of cigarette smoke. In fact it was so bad, I actually looked out the hallway at 2AM to see if smoke was visable, for fear there might actually be a fire. We never reported it to anyone because we see that as a rude guest problem, and not something that management can control (we did however write them an e-mail afterwards in the hopes that maybe the ventilation system could be examined). That's it for the negatives. The mediocrity was the breakfast buffet. The variety was good. Most of the quality was fairly good to average (frozen breakfast potatoes, pre-mixed egg mix for ommlettes, etc.). After about two days of the same thing, you've had enough and want something different. The rest is all quite positive. First, we would definately return to this hotel if we needed to return to Montreal. It is literally around the corner from Old Montreal, across the street from a Metro station for easy transportation, modern, immaculately clean, and staffed by some amazing people who are so very helpful! One of the front desk staff, Camilla, was just a huge stand-out for us. She made restaurant reservations/recommendations, assistance with picking tours, greeted us by name, and did everything with genuine warmth and hospitality (it was clear that she loves her job and it wasn't just something she &quot;is expected to do.&quot; Being about one year old, everything is in tip-top shape. The lobby is a little small for a hotel of this size. The business center was very nice, wih three terminals, printer access, and a private key-access room with which to use the internet. As for the rooms, they were really quite nice. It was more like having a small loft apartment in the city than a hotel room. The faeux fireplace doesn't put out much heat, but it was a nice touch on chilly evenings. Folks complained in previous reviews that the dishwasher doesn't open and that the hotel does not supply dishes/supplies. Had they read the sign in the kitchen, it indicates that, if the front desk is called, they can unlock the appliances and bring a supply of dishes and utensils.  Everything in the suite was immaculately clean, in excellent repair. Other than the previously mentioned smell of smoke, we had absolutely no complaints about this hotel! On caveat... The hotel staff like to recommend Bonaparte restaurant (which is down the street and affiliated with a different hotel). We had dinner there...it was expensive, and frankly both of our dishes were a little bland (Filet of Sole, and Rack of Lamb). Even if the prices were not as high as they were, we would not return to this restaurant. In fact, we had a difficult time finding a restaurant that really stood out for us. All of the other ones were good....3-4 stars, I'd say. The best of them was down on St. Paul St. called Vieux Port.  All in all, if you can secure a room here for under about $225 per night, this is an excellent value! Staff and rooms are quite nice. And a very good location!!	
Oct 22 2008 	Great hotel with a few caveats	We booked this hotel through my partner's business travel, so I'm not sure about the prices, but from what I understand, they're a good value. We stayed in one suite, then left for the weekend, and returned for 2 more days. Both suites were basically identical. Full kitchen with microwave, fridge, dishwasher -- though I found it odd that no dishes or silverware or anything were in the room; however the front desk folks are very prompt and willing to bring you anything you asked for. Also the suites are very spacious, and the bathroom had a jacuzzi tub large enough to comfortably fit two people. Wonderful!Also as I said, the staff was very nice, for the most part - I cut myself on a razor and they brought me a band-aid :) The included breakfast is above average and the made-to-order omelettes are fantastic. But, be aware, the included breakfast ends at 9:30 am - I missed it the first day, still jetlagged, and I didn't realize it.The hotel was clean and new and all of that. Overall, it was a good experience.Now for the few complaints. The first day I was here I went out for the day and returned at nearly five o'clock to find the maid cleaning the room. I had been gone since before one, and wanted to relax and was disappointed that they hadn't finished that earlier. The next day they showed up knocking on the door at 9:00 in the morning, even though I had the &quot;do not disturb&quot; on my door, and never returned! It seems to me they should clean the rooms between like 11 and 4 like most hotels do. Also, the internet access was spotty and problematic, though the nice staff at the front desk helped me out and connected me manually through their system.Don't expect much concierge-wise -- there didn't appear to really be one, and the front desk said they could help me but were busy and not really interested and gave me a not very good dinner recommendation that was disappointing. Oh, and the second room we stayed in the shower DID NOT WORK. I just used the wonderful tub and avoided dealing with the issue because I didn't want to change rooms, but I'm fairly certain they would have dealt with the issue promptly had I complained. Still, they should make sure things work before they check you in!Overall, great location right in the heart of everything in Vieux Montreal, right across the street from a Metro station making you just a few minutes away from downtown (also walkable). With these few caveats in mind, you can be confident you'll have a good stay at this above-average hotel :)	
Oct 22 2008 	Very nice with a few buts . . .	We stayed at Embassy Suites Montreal for 6 days in the early part of October, 2008. There were lots of upsides to the hotel, and a few, relatively trivial downsides. First, the good.We found the hotel was in excellent shape, as it should have been given that it was less than 2 years old. Our accommodation, a large one-bedroom king suite, overlooked Rue St Antoine, was light, bright and very spacious, and completely insulated us from any noise in the street. We didn’t look into the rear-facing suites, but they would only have looked out onto the blank wall of a building behind, and so would not have been so light as ours was.Everything in the suite was spotless, from the kitchen (equipped with a microwave oven, a dishwasher and an enormous refrigerator, but no stove) through the bedroom and living room to the roomy bathroom.The suite was equipped with two flat-screen television sets, and there was more than adequate lighting for activities during the evenings. The king bed was simply magnificent, as were the bed linens and pillows. There was an adequate supply of high-quality towels and toiletries in the bathroom.The breakfast (included in the room rate) was excellent – a better than average cold buffet of cereals, juices, fruits and breads, plus there was a person on hand to cook eggs to your liking, from fried through to self-defined omelette. In the hot buffet, there were pre-cooked scrambled eggs available, together with bacon, sausages and potatoes.The lobby was spacious, nicely decorated and spotlessly clean. Overall a pleasant place to sit for a while and watch the world go by. The reception staff were friendly and very helpful. Each evening, a manager’s reception was held in the lobby/restaurant, at which a free drink was handed out and an array of dips and vegetables was made available – nice after a day of trekking the city.The location of the hotel can’t be faulted – less than a 10 minute walk to old Montreal and the old port, and also less than a 10 minute walk to the main shopping area on Rue St Catherine, Chinatown, the Latin Quarter, Museum of Modern Art, the Village and so on. The Place d’Armes metro station (Orange line) is almost directly across the road and from here you can easily get to most of the central area using the Montreal souterrain – the underground network of about 30 Km of walkways connecting shopping areas – perfect if its raining or snowing.For the downsides – not too much. The main problem for us was that despite the presence of the kitchen, and its being advertised as a self-catering accommodation, there was practically zero in the kitchen by way of self-catering equipment – just 4 coffee mugs, 2 water glasses and 2 wine glasses. No cutlery, no crockery, no microwave cooking dishes, nothing. We eventually found out that everything was available from housekeeping if you asked. However, dishwasher detergent seemed not to be available, so the drill was to leave dirty things in the sink and housekeeping would take them away each morning. Big but - housekeeping wouldn’t replace things (including the original complement of mugs and glasses). So, each day you had to ask all over again. This seemed to us to be silly waste of peoples’ time and effort. There was a deal of building activity going on in the immediate area, and this could be noisy and dirty, though we couldn’t hear anything from our suite.Finally, the concierge function seemed to us to be seldom present, and not very knowledgeable about the city when they were there. We found the front desk to be much more useful.Overall, an excellent place to stay if you have some time in Montreal.	
Oct 16 2008 	Very Nice Room	I am a huge Hilton Hotels fan, so I was very quick in deciding to stay here for a work conference. I was 50% glad I did and then 50% not glad. The good parts were the front desk service and the room. The bad parts were the construction on an adjacent building and the poor service/selection at the hotels restaurant. If you want more details on my stay, see my co-workers/sister's review. Oh and a side note is that if you have never been to Montreal, be aware that it takes a good 2 hours for lunch and longer for dinner due to their &quot;different&quot; way of providing food service. A european friend said it was like home.	
Oct 11 2008 	Good location and service.	Found this hotel to have a great location and the service was very friendly. Room was large - Embassy Suites standard. Very clean, well lit and modern conveniences.The hotel lacks a gift shop, so don't expect to find items like bottled water, newpapers, etc. There are shops within a block or so from the hotel.Found the food acceptable; nothing special, but again, the service was very friendly.All in all a good value right downtown Montreal.	
Oct 9 2008 	Great Location!	When looking for a hotel to stay at for a work conference at the convention center, this hotel became a fantastic choice! They had a special on King Suites that was equal to or less than the cost of regular rooms at other nearby hotels. Due to a hotel worker strike at the Fairmont (keep an eye out for strikes!), my boss was moved to a hotel far away from the convention center. Since the Suites were so nice and big, I ended up giving my reservation to him and sharing a suite with my coworker who also is my sister. The reception staff was very friendly and helpful throughout our stay. The room was extremely nice. Full kitchen with very nice appliances( LG fridge/freezeer, dishwasher, oven...) even some cutlery and a few pots/pans and food storage containers (more could be requested). Sitting area had a pull out couch for an extra bed, LG flatscreen TV, free wireless access. The bedroom had a great King bed and a flatsceen TV. The room could be closed off by sliding wood doors. The bathroom was huge with one entrance from the bedroom and one to the room's entrance hall. It had small glass stand alone shower, a huge two person jacuzzi tub and a vanity area in additon to the sink vanity.The robes povided were OK, but I would have liked something softer/plusher. Toiletries were nice, however we had the small problem of them not being replaced by housekeeping. Once reception was informed, after two days of this occuring, they sent up a nice bag full of extras!A couple comments on room design...The closet locations are a bit odd. The one in the bedroom is tiny with a very small chest of drawers in it. There was not a dresser anywhere. The hall closet was behind the kitchen in a narrow hallway, near thefront door. A room safe was not provided. The only mirrors were in the bathroom. The location was perfect. I only had to walk across the street to get to the convention center. China Town was a short walk one way and Old Town Montreal a short walk the other. You could also easily walk to one of the many underground mall entrances.During my time there, much of Old Town Montreal was under construction, this included the building adjacent to the hotel. I experienced serveral rude awakenings to jackhammers and such right at 7am. Even though we were on the 11th floor, it sounded like they were next door! Good thing I had meetings to get to.The complimentary breakfast was more than I expected. Buffet style, with cereals, breads, eggs, waffles, juices, made to order omlettes....It saved time and money! The evening Manager's Reception was a great touch too, with complimentary selected drinks and some veggies/dip/ pretzels/salsa/chips to snack on. You are given tickets at check-in for both.The one complaint I have about this hotel is their food selection for lunch/dinner. It was extremely limited and not very discriptive...I ordered a ceasar salad for lunch and being vegetarian, was surprised to have it arrive with bacon bits on it. This was not in the discription. Also, the service left much to be desired. Very inattentive. If you wanted anything(to order, your check, refill) you basically had to flag down any nearby waitstaff or manager or go in search of yours. Our waitress mentioned how busy they were as an excuse. It did not make sense. They had two waitresses and a manager working 5 tables (all one to two people, with one larger party). I found this type of service similiar to other Montreal restaruants, but this experience was the most extreme (this is just a brief description). I would strongly recommend against this restaurant for a sit down meal. This was at odds with the attention you receive at the buffet style breakfast or the Manager's reception, but that is probably because those are mostly self-serve and don't require a check.As a side note, I was told other king suites did not have the separate jacuzzi tub, but a tub/shower and there was not cutlery, etc, in the kitchen, so it may need to be requested.	
Oct 8 2008 	Nicest Embassy Suites I ever stayed at	Stayed one night at the Embassy Suites and loved it. The rooms were by far the most upscale of any Embassy Suites I ever stayed in. Granite counters, stainless steel appliances, 2 large flat screen TV's, halogen lighting, gas fireplace, large jacuzzi tub, very chic decor. Bed was very comfy, room was quiet. Staff was helpful and polite. Free breakfast was standard E.S. fare with cooked to order eggs, etc. The parking garage was a little hard to find, turn right just before the main entrance and garage door opens automagically. Hotel was 10 min walk from Old Montreal and about 15 from St. Catherine Street. Will definitely stay there again.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	My wife and I stayed at this hotel last moth for two nights. The location is excellent for both business travellers and tourists alike as it's close to Le Palais de Congres, Old Montreal, Chinatown and also shopping on St Catherine Street. The suites are extremely well equipped with all the usual Embassy Suites amenities including HD LCD TV's in both sitting and bedroom areas. The buffet breakfast has a wide assortment plus an omlette station to satisy anyone and the Managers Cocktail Reception was outstanding with great Martini's!!The hotel isn't cheap but well worth a stay as it's excellent value all round.	
Sep 23 2008 	Nice Embassy Suites Experience	We stayed at an Embassy Suites for a concert for one night using the Hilton Honors award. Overall, the hotel's appearance is wonderful. The check-in experience was wonderful and the front desk attendant was willing to give me some recommendations for some restaurants in the area.The room looked relatively new as we were given a King Suite with a Jacuzzi. The kitchen area was a nice touch with the fridge and microwave along with granite countertops. It almost felt like a 1 bedroom apartment in the city. Area is a little quitet as we were here during a weekend. There is some construction going on in the area, but I'm sure that it'll look nice when the construction is completed.Breakfast Buffet had a nice selection, including a cook to order omlet statation. If we're in Montreal again, we'll definitely go back to this hotel. Nice Job!!	
Sep 11 2008 	Good experience for the most part	Good area close to Old Montreal. Front desk staff was very helpful. We had some mechanical problems with the rooms and had to be moved two times, but each time was upgraded to a better room. For the most part rooms were nice. If you want to participate in the free breakfast go down early as everyone goes down about 9:15 as they stop serving by 9:30.	
Sep 2 2008 	Fantastic location	Great location, fantastic value for money rooms. The front desk staff are really friendly and helpful.	
Aug 29 2008 	Brand New Unusual Design Great Location	Stayed here for a couple of nights in August, 2008. Drove in to town, and first thing I noticed was that the 720 was under construction so the MapQuest directions didn't help, and the hotel was not easy to find (not a complaint, just caveat drivor if you are not familiar with the area).The location of the hotel is FANTASTIC. Right on the edge of old town, just a few blocks from Chinatown, downtown and the underground mall, McGill, etc. (all within walking distance), and right across the street (catty-corner) from the Place D-Armes metro station. The Metro is great - easy to use, not too expensive, and very punctual. We used the Metro to go out to Olympic Park, then back to Mount Royal park, then walked back to the hotel from there. It only took about 15 - 20 minutes tops from the edge of Mount Royal park back to the hotel.The design of the hotel was a bit unusual. It was brand new, and had a very contemporary look and feel to it. The rooms were smaller than most ES properties, but understandably so in this type of setting. We had two rooms - one had the whirlpool bathtub bathroom setup, and the other was the normal bathroom setup. While the whirlpool was nice, to compensate, the shower stall was so small, you couldn't bend down without knocking the door open! The look of the room and property was nice and sleek, but it seems as though some practicality was missing (lot of open floor space in the bathroom, but tiny shower, and very little shelf space; couldn't get around the 2nd double bed without hitting the wall and your head on the mounted TV, etc.). Minor nit, just kind of interesting. There were 2 TVs in the suite, 1 in the LR, 1 in the BR. There was also a bar area at the kitchen with higher chairs for seating. The rooms could fit 2 people no problem, and 3 or 4 with not too much difficulty.The staff were pleasant and helpful - from front desk to restaurant to bell stand to management. The dining area is kind of small for this size hotel, so it was always crowded at breakfast and at the manager's reception, but both were well stocked with food and drinks, and staff to keep things clean and moving. Might recommend getting down there towards the beginning of the time slot to make sure you get a table. They did have seating outside as well which was nice when the weather was cool. The breakfast selection was great - lots of selections and always well stocked.We did have an issue with happenings on the floor we were on - one night - but management resolved the problem swiftly and to my satisfaction. Again, the highlights of the stay were the great location, the FULL breakfast (kept us fed well into the late afternoon), and hotel staff with whom we dealt (esp. manager LaChance). If in Montreal again, would likely stay here.	
Aug 12 2008	wish the stay was longer!	Stayed just overnight on our way back through Montreal. We were extremely impressed with our room, at such a low price! It was very modern - the hotel seems to be brand new. Comfortable bed and very spacious room, with a mounted plasma tv. Huge bathroom, with combined tub &amp; shower. The only downside was breakfast finished extremely early (9am). My partner was able to bring a tray of food up to the room for me though, which meant I was able to have a much need sleep in. There are laundry facilities in the hotel, which came in handy. Location wise, it is very close to Old Montreal and within walking distance of downtown. If we return to Montreal, we will definitely stay here.	
Aug 6 2008 	An excellet choice for Montreal	Spent three days there at the end of July. Staff was courteous, helpful and responsive. Example: iron was broken, we needed extra towels and the toilet got plugged. In each case the response was in less than 10 minutes! That's outrageously efficient by any standard.We knew going in that there was a parking charge and accepted it as part of the cost of having your vehicle secured in a prime location of a major city.Room was excellent with only two minor drawbacks--no towel racks and a rather small shower stall. Had no need for dishware or dishwasher--just the fridge. Breakfast buffet was indeed congested but the staff rolled with it, as did we. For the recent poster who wanted table service, sure, but what do you think would happen to the very reasonable room rates? We talked with the manager (who was quite charming) and he explained that it's simply very difficult to gauge how many guests will arrive and at what time. I still consider it quite the bonus to get a very nice buffet included with the room cost.The evening reception was adequate--would not be missed if it was not offered. Contrary to other posters, we found the front desk staff to be helpful, unfailingly polite and eager to assist. Location is splendid--Metro near by, very close to Old Montreal the Old Port, and various interesting neighborhoods (Latin Quarter, Chinatown, the Village).In sum, the Embassy Suites are a great bargain, conveniently located, and offers excellent customer service.	
Aug 4 2008 	A good deal overall	Had to do a quick overnighter in Montreal. Needed some place decent and close to Old Montreal, and didn't want to pay too much considering how little time we had this time around.The ES has very good rates, and it's very new (almost brand new). Walking distance to things Old Montreal -- in fact it's just on the fringe, so location (for Old Montreal) is very good.Room is spacious, and as I said, new.Service is good. The staff handling the breakfast is very courteous and friendly. Front desk and valet people are nice too. Also, they answer emails VERY fast.Breakfast included with the room, but I'd suggest going down early if you don't want trouble finding a table.BTW, they could use better ventilation for their open kitchen. We could smell cooking in the lobby as well as on our floor.Our room has separate shower and and tub. Surprised the shower stall isn't bigger. Certainly the bathroom is large enough. But it's fine. Toilet seat stays up only with some difficulty, but not a big deal.Toiletries are Bloom. Very nice.Kitchen in the the room, though if you want silverware, etc you have to call downstairs and ask. Full size fridge. Microwave. Coffeemaker. Nice. Crazy thing, though. The dishwasher turned itself on several times out of the blue.Aircon only so so. Did not cool very efficiently. But windows open, so if that's what you want....Would I come back again? Sure, for a quick in and out. But for a longer stay, I think I'd opt for something with a bit more of a luxury feel. Nothing with the ES at all, though.	
Jul 31 2008 	Wonderful stay	We booked this hotel based on locaton, price and the reviews on tripadvisor. We found the room comfortable, clean and more than adequate. We didn't have any use for the kitchen so we can't really comment on that. The staff were friendly and even recalled who we were when we came down to breakfast one day. Breakfast was great - had everything you could want - fresh fruit (strawberries &amp; pineapple were the pick of the bunch!), omelettes, toast, waffles, pancakes, pastries, scrambled eggs, cereal, coffee and juice. Location is also great - right near notre dame, the old port and great restaurants. We stumbled across a great French restaurant about 2 blocks away (Bonaparte) who do a great 6 course degustation menu if that's your thing. Overall, a a wonderful stay.	
Jul 31 2008 	You will not be disappointed	- This hotel is new and in a great location. It's in an area of downtown that is quiet (except for the construction...see last part of review) and clean. You can easily walk to Old Montreal without having to stay in the chaos. - The breakfast is good. Cooked to order omlettes, fresh fruit, etc. Pretty typical for an Embassy Suites. The weekend we were there it was very busy and crazy. We usually took our trays up to our room where we could relax and enjoy eating. - The room was very clean and the pictures on the website were accurate. It was nice having a separate shower and jacuzzi tub. Yes the shower is small, but the bathroom itself is very large. We were surprised at the mirrored makeup counter that made it easy for two people to get ready at the same time. And, It was nice to unwind in the jacuzzi tub after a day with miles of walking.- The bedroom is separate in a way. Not a typical Embassy Suites set up. It is separated by pocket doors from the living area. Not a big deal, but something to be aware of if you have people sleeping on the pullout sofa.- Parking is expensive ($26/day - valet only). There is a garage right across the street for less. We were charged for 2 days valet instead of 1. Once pointed out , we were refunded by the front desk manager immediately.- And about the construction. Try to stay in an odd numbered room/one facing the front of the hotel. The building across from the backside of the hotel started construction at 5:55am (seriously, no joke). It did stop on Saturday and Sunday, but Friday morning was miserable!All-in-all, we would stay here again.	
Jul 28 2008	O-ver Ra-ted. Clap Clap ClapClapClap.	I found this hotel crowded. While attractive in places and having some nice perks, having some serious shortcomings.The front desk staff were young and inexperienced, as was most of the staff in general, it seemed. I had to ask specifically about everything, parking, breakfast, etc. on check-in. Later, when I tried to find a place to buy stamps, they didn't know and sent me to a closed pharmacy. Granted, it was Sunday afternoon, but I later found an open one when walking through the underground city a couple blocks away. It would have been easy enough to tell me to go there. But, again, inexperience, unfamiliarity with the hotel and the surroundings. I am glad I didn't ask for a good restaurant.The room itself looks nice, but isn't as functional as it advertises. The kitchenette is a waste of space. The fridge works well, but there is no hot plate/stove or anything, just a microwave/hood. Weird though, they reserved space for a stove with shelves there. This may be just as the owner or developer wants to retain the right to turn these into 1 bedroom condos someday.In any case, the stove isn't paramount in a kitchenette, however a dishwasher is, especially if you want to save cash on eating leftovers or making sandwiches, using flatware. And there was a dishwasher, complete with plumbing hookups, BUT no electrical. So what have they done? Bolted it shut so it doesn't work. It's a sham. No dishtowels or detergent provided either. Or plates, or spoons/forks, knives. It's pointless.It also calls into question the cleanliness of the coffee cups and glassware, since I doubt they wash all those downstairs. The maids probably just rinse them in tap water.The TVs and hot tub worked well. So that was good. But there weren't enough towel racks. Really just one hook on a door. Weird.Also, they are one of the few hotels that still charges $10 a day for internet. Ridiculous. This has been rapidly going away, and needs to here.The free &quot;cooked to order&quot; breakfast tastes alright, but it's a mad scramble. It feels like eating in a college dining hall, and the number of large families with screaming kids makes it even more unpleasant. Finding a table can be tough at peak times on a Friday or Saturday morning. The staff/busboys can't keep up with cleaning up the tables. We got up early our second and third days there just to try and enjoy it a bit.Having to wait in line behind 15 people for some eggs or a waffle is stupid. Table service, guys. Look it up. Close my eyes, I might be in a Red Roof Inn.They've taken a nice, modern lobby, and dropped ugly, trade show like temporary tables willy-nilly to house the breakfast items. And these remain all day long. It's just a cluster#$%^, and feels very low-class. Probably $1000 leather chairs sitting next to polyester folding table covers. Cool.....The cocktail hour falls in line with this. (Also, your free &quot;tickets&quot; are good for bottom shelf only it seems, and tap beer from a keg that doesn't work - so they start pouring bud botttles into glasses).The staff also is overwhelmed during this time of day worse than they are at breakfast.. The influx of the crowds again makes this a mess of everything. Don't bother, go out and enjoy Montreal if you want a drink. When I wanted a real beer from the bar, it was $9. So anything other than the free drink is quite a stomach punch.I also didn't bother with the gym and the pool was being renovated so ti was closed, even though I wasn't made aware of this by Hilton when I made my reservation. With the number of families and kids there, I would never had bothered, anyway. The hot tub in the room made up for this.Okay, so maybe this sounds whiny, but they really need to address these things before this is worthy of a five star review. I was disappointed.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great Value	We stayed here the weekend of July 12th. Booked the hotel based on the good reviews on this website, and its proximity to Old Montreal. We were impressed by the helpfulness of the front desk staff on arrival. They gave us enough vouchers for breakfast every morning and 2 drinks per person at happy hour. Breakfasts were impressive -- everything you could ask for was there: fruit, cereal, yogurt, toast, omelettes (and eggs any style if you ask!), pancakes, bacon, sausages and homefries. Everything was fresh and tasty! We tried happy hour the first night, and found it was very popular. Unfortunately, it was so busy that one had to wait unreasonably long for service at the bar. We decided to spend our evenings elsewhere.The rooms are brand new, with stylish furnishings. The bed was very comfortable, and the digital thermostat was easy to adjust. Our room (the smallest available) was complete with a fridge and microwave, however there were no dishes to be found. The full-sized fridge came in handy anyhow. Other reviewers have complained about the security features in the elevator, but we had no problems with them (and appreciated the extra security)!We really enjoyed this hotel. If it had any new-hotel bugs, they must have already worked them out!	
Jul 25 2008 	Great new hotel.	I spent the 4th of July weekend at ES Montreal, and can say nothing but good things about this hotel. It is very new, with huge and very clean rooms and very helpful staff. I would pick ES over &quot;boutique&quot; hotels with arrogant staff and dated decor even if it wasn't much cheaper. (The new Westin being built next door might give them a run for their money though.)Side note: do take time and read the negative reviews of this hotel. One of them complains about pickpockets in the old city (???), the other about forgetting clothes in the closet after checking out. As of right now those are literally the only negative reviews of this hotel.	
Jul 20 2008 	Embassy Suites	Showed up between 4 and 4:30, yet had a slight problem at check in as the maids were just finishing cleaning our room. Had to wait about 15 minutes but the valet parking is very convenient and included in the price is two drinks for each person (although neither of us drink) as well as breakfast. The room is large, clean, and very nice- although there is no toaster, no dishes (not even plastic) and the dishwasher is either locked permanently or just plain broken as the door wouldnt open. In comparison, the equally priced suite we stayed at in Quebec City had a toaster and stovetop with full dishes.The breakfast buffet was chaotic due to the amount of people- and this was at 10am. Just before we left room service showed up so had we left several minutes earlier we would've had to interrupt them in order to repack for check out.The good: if you're staying with 4 people, the price is well worth it taking into consideration the drinks and breakfast being included. The location is also excellent as it's within walking distance to all the major streets and most attractions. The staff were all very curtious and friendly and the rooms are large, modern and very nice looking. Easy check out.The bad:the lack of dishware, and the elevators wont move unless you swipe your card and you might get stranded as some of the cards scan better than others.	
Jul 16 2008 	Ok but be careful what you leave in your room!	Was going for a concert during Jazz Fest. Drove up from Boston and arrived in the early evening and had to leave at 6 am the next morning. Liked everything fine until in my rush I accidentally left 3 articles of clothing hanging in the closet. A new blouse I had never worn, the shirt I wore to the concert, and my all-time favorite cashmere cardigan. I realized it right away but we had an appointment in Boston and couldn't turn around. We called and were told they'd have to call us back after the maids changed shift. No call. Called again and were told we'd have to wait until the new shift. No call. Third call produced ONE of the items - not the brand new shirt or cashmere sweater surprise surprise. They also seemed annoyed and unwilling to talk to me. The woman said she had spoken to the maid herself and that I was mistaken and had only left one thing. So what could I do? I gave them credit card and address info to send the one shirt to me FedEx. Ten days later when I hadn't received anything I called again and asked to speak to a manager. I was told managers don't work on weekends. What? When the manager finally returned my call several days later he left a message saying they were sending my shirt. I did finally get a large box with the one shirt inside. The way they sent it cost me close to $100. This turned out to be a very expensive night. I know it's my fault for forgetting the items in the first place but they were all hanging together in the closet and I did call right away. Someone in Montreal is wearing my new shirt and favorite cashmere sweater. Very frustrating experience.	
Jul 14 2008 	Would definitely return	First stayed at this hotel in March of 2008. It had just opened and the rates were quite low. This was unfortunate as we had some noise problems both nights that we were there. However, we let the management know about our concerns and they promptly arranged another night for us at no cost at any other time. Went back last weekend. It was great. Very clean and very quiet. The breakfast was quite good with lots of fresh fruit. The evening reception is nice although quite busy. The nicest part is certainly the rooms. They are quite large with a great bath (the kids spent hours in there) and separate shower. The kitchen is simple but quite functional (not all suites have stoves but they do all have a fridge, sink and microwave). The living room was comfortable. The bed was lovely and the flat screen TVs in the living room and bedroom allowed my husband and I to watch TV once the little ones had fallen asleep on the sofa bed. I would definitely return to the Embassy Suites in Montreal. The staff were helpful and courteous and the room was great. That is about all I can ask.	
Jul 7 2008 	Fabulous value and special treats!	My boyfriend and I took a last-minute long weekend to Montreal, so I didn't have much to go by when booking Embassy Suites (relied mostly on this site). I want to confirm all the wonderful things everyone else has said about this hotel!It's slightly out of the way of the 'downtown' area (i.e. there aren't a lot of bars, strip clubs, &amp; noise right outside), but it's still very convenient walking distance to almost everything. It also has several restaurants right across the street and Old Montreal right around the corner.We were very impressed with the cleanliness of the room. I'm a germaphobe and usually won't walk around in a hotel room with bare feet, touch the bedspread, or (gasp) take a bath. But this room was so immaculate that I happily did all of the above (we could not resist the deep jacuzzi tub!). The room also had a full size microwave, fridge, and dishwasher (although we could not figure out how to open the dishwasher and wondered if it was just a facade). And this was the simplest suite room!By far, our favorite perk was the complimentary made-to-order breakfast (omelets, pancakes, waffles, fresh fruit, fresh pastries, pretty much anything you could possibly want -- and fresh!). We took advantage of these every morning, but we did notice that there was quite a wait for those who arrived on the later end. There were also free drinks (!) during a cocktail hour every night. The timing was sort of inconvenient for us (5:30-7:30), so we ended up opting for paid drinks elsewhere most nights, but this was great when it fit into our schedule. Caution, though, drinks at the bar are normally pricey -- my boyfriend paid $8 US for a bottle of Stella.Our only complaint was a surprise and hefty valet charge at the end of our stay. The garage was closed when we arrived, and we were directed to the valet. We were never told that this would cost us around $25 US a night -- but, granted, we probably should have asked. Also, I booked through Travelocity, and although I paid them for the room, E.S. ended up billing my credit for the room as well! A quick phone call, though, cleared up the error.I'll definitely stay here again the next time I'm in Montreal!	
Jun 2 2008 	Sweet Suites and the Perfect Stay!	I stayed here for my Mom's birthday weekend with my Mom and Sister. We rented a Suite with a king size bed, living area w/ fold out sofa, kitchen and a large bathroom with both a shower and a jacquzzi, there were also flat screen t.v.s in both the bedroom and livingroom. This was the perfect size for the 3 people with plenty of space to stretch out in.The location was very central just a couple blocks from Old Montreal, near St. Catherine Street, Crescent Street, China Town,etc... The complementary breakfast was amazing! It was by far the best complementary breakfast i've had at any hotel. We also got complementary wine in the evenings which is always a plus at any place! The staff was extremely friendly and very attentive. They made great conversation and were able to accommodate our needs at any time. They also recommended some great restaurants such as Da Emma which we loved. When I return to back to Montreal I will definitely stay at Embassy Suites again as it was a modern and luxurious hotel with a boutique feeling at a great price.	
May 11 2008 	Perfect Stay	Stayed at the Embassy Suites with my wife for two nights, the rooms where perfect. They are spacious and the jacquzzi tubs are amazing. The made to order breakfest is a perfect start to the day and the Managers reception was also enjoyable. The staff are really friendly and go out of there way to make your stay enjoyable. The location is perfect for walking to Old Montreal and even the walk to St. Catherines and Cresent is not too bad. You really don't want to use your car in Montreal if you can avoid it, finding parking is tough and I think it is much more enjoyable to walk.The only complaint and it is small is the noise from the tubs are a little loud at night, but you don't really notice it once you fall asleep. Besides from that there was no complaints and I would definetly stay there again.	
Apr 29 2008	Perfect Place to Stay in Vieux Montreal	Why not stay at the edge of Vieux Montreal - close to the tres Francais old quarter, right around the corner from the Basilica of Notre Dame and scores of great restaurants - and yet within a hop, skip &amp; jump to the Latin Quarter, McGill, and Mont Royal itself? Paying around $200US for a secure hotel - huge suites - where you get a marvelous, huge free breakfast and many, many free drinks (and bar snacks) at the silver, Jetsonesque bar - is a deal. You can sit in courtyards and old stone manses and eat and drink - but I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Montreal. We went for a girls' getaway and would definitely return.	
Apr 22 2008 	A Perfect Stay	We grabbed a 3 day weekend in late April before the rates and demand went up in summer.It was a great stay. The room was exactly as the website portrayed. We stayed in a 2 room suite and all the amenities were included as described. It was a bit difficult to find but that's attributed to Montreal's one way streets. Google maps weren't absolutely helpful so I suggest driving slow when in Montreal so as to not miss the signs and street names.The only parking option was by valet and they charged $23/night instead of the $26 on their website price. They didn't seem to expect a tip but we tipped them for their friendly manner. There is $18 daily parking across the street at the Palais de congrese but I don't know if you have to leave every 24hrs and then park again. Its underground though but I felt the valet option was easier and safer.The house keeping staff were very friendly and said hello every time they saw us in the corridors. They even changed the sheets and towels in the middle of our stay in just 30min. Felt like a new room when we returned from breakfast.They had plenty of towels, soaps and creams for use but I recommend if you have sensitive skin, bring your own soap because I use Dove and their soap felt a bit harsh after the shower. The shower pressure was low but we realise that they have water saving devices so you will have to adapt to that but its not a trickle so its sufficient for a quick shower. My wife used the jacuzzi shower head to bathe too so thats an alternative.The shower stall was small but it was alright without us bumping against the sides. The jacuzzi is rather loud though when the blower is turned high but its huge for 2 people. the bathroom overall was beautiful and felt great to have so much space in just one room.They had plenty of closet space as well in the foyer and bedroom with drawers inside the closet. hangars, shelves everything was there.Breakfast was truly spectacular and delicious. Its the only time I felt a buffet complimentary breakfast was worth money paid. We were thinking of staying at the Place d'armes but after the shocking price of $20/person/night for just a continental breakfast we decided not to.Well cooked, plenty of portions and a huge choice of breakfast food. their room service menu however is strictly limited to continental food and not for vegetarians. Its expensive and I suggest only good for those that are famished from a long trip. There are restaurants around the area just a block away. We tried an Italian and Japanese restaurants and prices and quality were solid.They also gave 2 coupons per person for free drinks in the evening. We never even got to use 8 of them. Infact many people were giving away their coupons because the bar was packed on the weekend.My wife and I just loved the hotel. The only drawback was we learned upon arrival that the wifi service was $10/day but they offered a public computer in the lobby. However free wifi should be complimentary.They had a delay with getting our car and providing us with plates and cutlery but we found out later that they were really swamped with new guests when the Saturday began. They however left the plates in the room when we returned so that was nice that they got around to it.The hotel itself is definitely located in the heart of the city and you can walk anywhere to find anything.They provided us with a receipt the morning we left around 7am. I liked this Express checkout as it saved time waiting in line in the lobby when we left.The other guests were quiet and mostly were families and couples. I should warn though that the weekend was filled with guests and if you check in then, be prepared for some wait time.I definitely recommend the hotel.	
Mar 13 2008 	wonderful hotel	This is a very new hotel, the room was spotless and very large, we had a kitchen, full fridge, huge bathroom, small separate bedroom w/ what i thought was a kingsized bed in it, and a separate living area w/ flat screen tvs in both bedroom and living room. Bed was very comforable, room was quiet (except for us!) Breakfast cooked to order was outstanding. We've stayed at a few hotels in Montreal, but this is the first one we will go back to for a second visit next month. We've stayed at the Omni and Centre Sheraton.... this hotel is a bit more centrally located for walking to St. Catherine Street shopping, Old Montreal, China Town, the Plateau neighborhood, etc. It is a great bargain compared to those two hotels...I highly recommend for families, as i was visting with two teens and a toddler. We were lucky to have Hilton Honors points to stay, but we'll be paying for our next visit and have no problem doing it... this is a great place to stay in Montreal.	
Feb 18 2008 	Beware of Recommendations	I stayed here with my kids on a Mont Tremblant stop-over. The staff was great and friendly and our upgraded room was very much appreciated. Our only problem was on the second day, one hotel staff member recommended a restaurant called Vieux Port in old Montreal. The directions given weren't great and we had to call back the hotel several times to confirm, walking back and forth and obviously frustrated. I believe this made us an easy, (obviously a tourist) target for thieves and we were unknowingly followed to the restaurant. My wallet was stolen out of my purse from the recommended restaurant.I've lived in NYC for 11 years and traveled the world and this was the first time this has happened. Beware of thieves when traveling around the hotel and the Old Montreal area.	
Jan 21 2008	Loved it	This was a perfect get-away! New, clean, modern, great location, huge rooms, friendly staff. We were especially pleased to receive two complimentary drink coupons and the free breakfast was impressive. We will definitely return.	
Jan 2 2008 	Highly recommend Embassy Suites Montreal	Just had a very nice stay here with my family between Christmas and New Years. Nicest Embassy Suites I've seen. Great value for the money. Brand new, modern decor -- nice kitchen, plasma TVs in living room and bedroom. Excellent location. Walking distance to Old Montreal, Chinatown, Metro. Staff was friendly and helpful.	
Nov 18 2007 	Great location and lovely suite		
Oct 20 2007 	Could be great with more work		
Oct 18 2007 	Good Option in Montreal		
Oct 16 2007 	Nice hotel...still very new		
Sep 26 2007 	Brand New Hotel		
Sep 22 2007 	New Hotel - Great Potential		
Aug 30 2009 	Tres bon rapport qualite prix		
Jun 25 2009 	????????????		
Aug 31 2008 	??????		
Feb 5 2008 	Excellent endroit		
