Nov 22 2009 	Excellent hotel spoiled by pointless hidden costs!	My experience at the Intercontinental was somewhat polarized. On the one hand, both the hotel and the service were excellent: comfortable rooms, well-decorated, clean and with good facilities, great location (close to downtown, the Metro and the old city) helpful staff – especially Gerry the concierge, who had a wealth of knowledge and always had time to share it, his help definitely added a lot to our Montreal experience. All of this definitely deserved the high ratings and reviews.On the other hand, the hotel's policies really hampered our stay, with the “nickel and diming”: Internet, $15 a day (or $8 for 2 hours, there are Internet shops that make all their money from Internet services that charge less than that); Early check-in (if available), $25; Late check-out (even just a half-hour), another $25; Breakfast starts at $20 for juice, coffee and two pastries; Room service, additional fee, etc etc. It really felt like every request we had incurred an extra fee, which is absolutely not what a top-class hotel should feel like. I mean, if you were spending one night for a meeting in Montreal and your flights meant that you had to check in before 4pm and leave after noon, that's $50 extra right there, just for absolutely standard services that every other hotel (even the Holiday Inn Express brand in the same chain) is happy to offer for free! If a room is not ready for early check-in, that's perfectly understandable; but how is it fair to say your room is ready but if you don't wait around until 4pm, you have to pay extra? This isn't some kind of pay-by-the-hour flophouse!If you get a good deal on the price, I would recommend the Intercontinental. I feel kind of bad about being so negative because none of the staff provided any bad service, nor were the facilities below standard. I just feel that in a 4 or 5-star hotel, you expect to be encouraged to approach the staff, to make any requests that you need, and that the establishment should try to accommodate these out of goodwill to enhance your stay as a valued guest. By the end of my stay, I felt like it wasn't even worth asking for anything because I'd just have to pony up, or feel embarrassed to decline because of the fees. If you stay here, you will not be disappointed by the staff or the hotel – just expect to add an extra 20% or so to your quoted rate, so you don't feel disappointed by that part either.	
Nov 17 2009 	Very good business choice	Stayed at the Intercontinental on business. I was very impressed with everthing, save for the valet parking.The hotel itself is very nice - lobby, bar and rooms are very nicely decorated and contemporary. My king bed was comfy and I had a great view of Mont Royal. Bathroom was big, with great standup shower. Location is handy - close to businesses on La Gauchetiere, but also not too far from Old Montreal. The building it is in in Montreal is really neatly designed. Part modern, and part retained historical buildings. In fact, the meeting rooms are acroos the bulding concourse to the historic side of the building. Very cool.I got a good business rate (179) which made it a good value. The mini bar is equipped with sensors so they knew what I had consumed before I left - which I liked because it means you don't get double billed for the mini bar. Only drawback was the valet parking. I use it and expect to pay, especailly in Montreal. The entrance for the hotel is down a level from the lobby and there was often no doorman the entrance to help with valet parking. When departing, I needed to leave in a hurry after my conference and sp personally pre-arranged with the doorman to have my car brought up at a specific time. Unfortunately, I arrived to find it not there, with no one to help me. I ended up waiting 25 minutes, which resulted in me getting caught in traffic and very late for my meeting. Pretty inexcusable for a top rated hotel. That being said, it was the only glitch so I will probably be back.	
Nov 17 2009 	Acceptable but nothing special and don't expect anyone to be friendly.	The room has nice amenities. I liked the separate shower and bathtub and the big screen TV. The sheets and towels were in the high quality category but nothing special, the bath amenities were similarly high quality but nothing special, the staff were professional but nothing special, room service was good (for room service) but nothing special. &quot;Acceptable but nothing special&quot; describes the entire hotel, which is why the best adjective I can come up with is &quot;nice&quot;. The waiting times at reception were very long, and there never seemed to be enough help. When I checked in, the receptionist spent a solid minute explaining how the mini bar could not be tricked, as it had a computerized system with various failsafes built in. For instance, keeping the door of the minibar open for more than one minute would cause you to be charged. Needless to say, I did not feel like a welcome guest, nor did I use the minibar the entire time I was there. The staff was professional, but the amount of friendliness I experienced was directly proportional to the amount they thought I would tip. I usually tip quite well - especially for a place like Montreal, where tipping seems to be on the low 15%-ish side. Only what I consider a quite generous tip would generate any sort of genuine thanks - well, faux genuine - let's say, they put some effort into their thanks. I wasn't inspired to do that many times, only a few when I did ask for something I would consider &quot;extra&quot;. This illustrates the entire staff's attitude: I called reception the day before arrival to let them know what time our flight would be landing, and asked if they could try to have our rooms ready around 1pm (2 hours before regular check-in time). The manager's response was that for $25 per room (and we had 7 rooms) he could guarantee early check-in. I asked him if he could just be aware and _try_, and he replied that no, he could not, but that for $25 per room he could guarantee it. (Other members of our group on the same flight were staying at 3 other nearby hotels, and those hotels all agreed, with no problem, to help us with early check-in - and they provided it, too.)There were 2 better-than-blah experiences. One: I had one excellent room service meal, but only because I stopped by the restaurant and ordered from the chef's daily specials, instead of using the room service menu. Two: I received excellent service from the concierge, who I noticed wore the keys of a professional concierge on his collar. I expect his professional &quot;friendliness&quot; was more the result of his professional training, and less the result of the influence of the hotel. Only a highly conscientious professional could keep from showing their cynicism in such a working environment. I'm not giving perfect marks on cleanliness, because one of my drawers had pastry crumbs and a bakery bag left in it; and, because the pool tiles needed to be cleaned, although the water seemed well-maintained. However, I do believe that the room was generally cleaned well.I am recommending this hotel, with the above caveats, because (1) you do get exactly what you pay for - no more, but no less, either - and (2) it is directly across the street from the Palais des Congres conference center, and that is a wonderful thing if you're at a conference. If you're not at a conference, there is absolutely no reason to stay at this hotel.	
Nov 17 2009 	quiet hotel interesting area...	Loved Montreal, although most of the people there kept telling me Quebec was more beautiful! Stayed in a club room at the top of the hotel and the room was large, the hotel quiet and the service good. The only oddity was the club lounge was on the ground floor, behind a glass door that other guests kept knocking on, because they didn't know what the room was and how to get it. The staff in the club lounge were great and kept the coffee coming and topped up drinks before tidying away for the night.Hotel is practically in the main conference centre and is within easy walking area of the old city with its cafes and bars and restaurants. Much of Monteal seems to be covered areas and underground malls and walkways. (Kind of like Singapore, but expecting snow...) but it's worth getting out and maybe walking up to the park if work allows.	
Nov 13 2009 	Nicely renovated great city location!	We stayed here for 3 nights in early Novemebr, and really enjoyed our stay! It is located on the edge of Old Montreal and central to most things and close to the Metro. It was a fairly short walk to St. Catherine Street for those who like to shop! The room was quite nice and roomy, the decor was lovely. We ate at their restaurant Osco one evening and also had a drink at their Absinthe bar. Sarah. B. The staff were friendly and helpful! We did have to call 2 days in a row for more than one face cloth. High speed internet was $15 per 24 hours.	
Nov 12 2009 	Fantastic friendly place	I stayed here for four days to attend a conference. The rooms are beautiful--recently renovated, very well laid out, huge marble bathrooms, comfortable beds. I was given a corner room, which was very nice. Never heard a sound from other guests. Every single staff member I encountered was very friendly. They generously let me stumble along in French, and they moved with ease between French and English.I ate dinner there the first night, and it was delicious--the scallops were especially good. The breakfast buffet was relatively modest--but in a way I liked. Most hotel buffets are too excessive. This one has just what you need--with wonderful, fresh ingredients for omelettes, which were beautifully prepared.The location was perfect for a conference, since it was just across the street from the Palais des Congres, but also close to Old Montreal. I would definitely stay there with my family. My only complaint is one that applies to most big chain, high cost hotels: 14.99/day for wireless is outrageous. You'd earn so much more loyalty if you simply made it free.	
Oct 6 2009 	Stay here if you like being treated like crap!	Most ignorant staff we have ever encountered. Sheets on bed had stain, had to ask twice for them to be changed. Hit in the back of the head by plate carried by server (who did mildly apologize, but barely). All staff minus concierge and fitness room attendant came with attitudes, could care less about doing their jobs and made us feel like we were a nuisnace to them. Do yourself a favor and stay somehwere else that is not Unionized.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great hotel with great location.	Great hotel and great location. From arrival in our car to departure, the whole stay was wonderful. Check in was effortless, the bags arrived in our room very quickly and the car was ready out front as soon as we had called for it.Lady concierge was wonderful - so helpful.The decor was lovely with fine attention to detail. The carpets, cushions and pillows made a warm but plush atmosphere.All good. Would definately stay there again - no problem.	
Sep 22 2009 	5 Star at a three star price!	I can't say enough about how wonderful Intercontinental Hotel in Montreal was for our stay. I booked a double room, traveling with my husband, Mom and two yorkies. The room was large and the bathroom was very spacious. The furnishings were modern and very comfy. The room was well appointed with all the neccesities. The service was fantastic, from the front desk, valet parking, room service, concierge to housekeeping. Everyone was pleasant, gracious and very helpful. They even sent a cake for My mother as we were celebrating her birthday. I'm not sure how they even knew! Would reccomend this hotel a million times.	
Sep 19 2009 	Nearly Perfect Experience at the Intercontinental Montreal	I had a fantastic time over two nights at the Intercontinental Montreal. The public spaces are understated and very stylish, and the staff are professional and friendly. I was upgraded to a turret room with excellent views north and west, though there are those spiders outside the windows that many others have mentioned. A couple of problems were taken care of very quickly: wine that I ordered wasn't available, but I was given something more expensive and very good instead, and at the original price. There was also a problem with my TV, but a very nice repairman visited my room quickly and took care of things. The location is excellent for those interested in seeing Old Montreal or doing shopping in the city centre; both are just a few blocks away. The rates are quite reasonable given the elegance of the hotel. I will stay here again when I return to Montreal.	
Sep 14 2009 	Had the pleasure of experiencing the Intercontinental!	I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Intercontinental this past weekend. I had brought my mother to montreal for a day of shopping and a great supper out. Our room was recently renovated and beautifully decorated. Great beds and linens. Many business people there so I assume that they find it a good experience also. Bathrooms are large and the shower is separate from the bathtub. Service at the front desk and from the bellmen was excellent. Had the brunch the next morning and it was very good and fresh, lovely smoked salmon.Only complaint that I had was the service from one of the waitresses in the bar left a lot to be desired. Wasn't that busy there late at night and it took quite a while to get served and have her come back to see if we wanted anything more.	
Sep 13 2009 	Very Nice - Great Location	We stayed here with Priority Club points and were upgraded to a nice corner room on the 23rd floor - great views (although the outside of both windows were somewhat covered in cobweb/dusty debris). The hotel has just been remodeled - its lobby area is sort of minimilist - nice but not really my taste. The room had a very comfortable king bed, sofa and large flat screen tv. The bathroom was lovely with a separate tub and shower. We parked in the parking garage which is adjacent to the hotel. No problem for us as we were just staying overnight and had little luggage - but you do have to walk through a small &quot;retail type area&quot; to get from the garage to the hotel. We found the location to be great - right on the edge of Old Montreal - we easily walked to all points in Old Montreal. Staff was very friendly.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great Stay Great Location	My husband and I took the advice of our friend Linda K., and travelled to Montreal for a long weekend. Linda recommended the InterContinental, and we are glad she did. The hotel is modern, clean, and in a great location. Chantel, their concierge, is very nice and knows all of the best restaurants to dine.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great hotel close to everything - ideal for either business or pleasure trip.	We were very happy with our 3 day stay at the InterContinental in Montreal. Excellent rooms, a great hotel restaurant (the breakfast buffet was a great chance to introduce the kids to French pastries and cooking) and very good service from every member of the staff. We give them extra credit for the well-appointed bathroom and big flat-screen TV.One small suggestion – use the valet parking service, since the parking spots reserved for the public are on levels 9-12 in the underground garage! It’s a really long trip down to get to them, plus we had to take no less than 3 different elevators to get from our room to the car. Lesson learned.	
Aug 26 2009 	Up to the marque	I recently stayed at the Intercontinental Montreal with my wife and two teenage girls.I booked two Club rooms via the hotel website at a cost of CAD 235.00 each per night.The hotel location was excellent, being close to the 'night scene' restaurants and harbour front, though upon arrival you may feel that you are being greeted at the rear of the hotel.Upon arrival the valet attendant took charge of both our car and luggage, and we were directed upstairs (via an escalator) to a seamless check in experience. Rooms were allocated on the 24th floor, and luggage delivery was prompt. The views from the Club floor were excellent, and the lounge a quiet haven for breakfast and afternoon drinks.Service throughout was professional and courteous, and the recent renovations of a very high standard. A special thanks to the staff at reception, and the lady in the Club lounge who always wore a smile.	
Aug 20 2009 	Location and price were an excellent combination	This was a fabulous hotel. It is convenient to everything. Still have a few quirks to work out since renovation but overall it was great. If you are traveling by train to Montreal takea cab from the terminal. Only a couple of dollars more. Easy to get to Old Montreal. When using the subway use the Square Victoria station. Weather permitting go out entrance on Rue St. Antoine and turn left. Subway at next corner or you can go unerground. Found excellent place for breakfast on Rue Notre Dame. It is the Notre Dame restaurant. Cozy, great food, and owners very nice and friendly.	
Aug 19 2009 	great hotel	Along with 2 other friends, I stayed in this hotel for a weekend - we drove from Toronto and it was super easy to find... parking is a little tricky at first when you arrive if you don't take Valet, however once there no need to use the car again. Our room was amazing, the beds were some of the most comfortable I've ever slept on. Front desk agents were always welcoming, the valet/concierge team were great help in recommending some great restaurants. This hotel is within walking distance to just about everything. I'll def stay here again.	
Aug 17 2009 	A great hotel with mostly good service	We stayed at the Intercontinental for a Saturday night using a decent Priceline rate. I had stayed there several years ago and had forgotten how nice the property is. We hadn't requested an early check-in, but were given a room when we tried to simply drop off our bags at 10AM. The room was average in size with nice amenities. The only thing missing was the typical hotel diectory/binder with hotel info. Also, getting a previously requested crib did take a few extra calls. For families with kids, the pool is a bit small and is really intended for lap swimming. The location is not really in the entertainment core and not really in Old Montreal - a small distance to everything but not overly far if you don't mind walking. Finally, check-out took way too long as there were not enough staff on. The TV check-out option was down too! Hopefully an isolated thing.Other people have commented on the uneven service. I think that's probably the best description. It's a great 4 star property and the service is mostly good, just not quite up to what 4 star-type people expect.	
Aug 17 2009 	Surprisingly nice	We really liked our stay here. I was expecting somewhat blah-looking rooms (based on some of the photos I’d seen) and was very pleasantly surprised to see the lobby and rooms have been redecorated very recently. The room’s carpet is a dark maroon, and the furniture is a dark brown wood. The curtains are a lovely maroon with a chrysanthemum pattern – very modern. The bathroom marble is probably old, but the fixtures looked new. We stayed in 1304, which was slightly smaller than our friends’ room (1311) – both with king sized beds. The lobby was also new-looking (very different from some of the photos posted by reviewers) – birch bark and fake fur. Sounds awful, but it looks elegant.The bed was nice and comfortable, soft but not mushy. Pillows were nice and soft (feather) as well.There was a nice Samsung flat screen TV, and you get an ipod docking station/radio/alarm clock (it kept going off in the mornings and we kept forgetting to figure out how to turn it off).We wandered into the bar (called “Sarah B”) at around 8:30pm on a Saturday night, and it was filled with families – not exactly a happening scene. But nice to know you can bring your kids there and have some beers. They’re advertising “cool” absinthe drinks there, but it seems a bit out of place with the clientele.I didn’t have any interaction with the concierge myself, but my friend overheard the gentleman concierge helping other guests and was very impressed. He said the concierge seemed very knowledgeable and steered the other guest toward some sensible recommendations.The internet in the room is $16 per day, and $5 for 30 min in the lobby. The concierge was nice enough to let me use the computer to quickly check my email for 5 minutes (more than that and they’d have to charge). We didn’t think it was worth $16 for 30 min of internet use in the room (or for $5 in the lobby for that matter).We paid in the $80s per night for a Fri check-in and Sun check out (booked approx 3 weeks in advance on Priceline).It’s in the same plaza as Toque, which is a really excellent restaurant (and very pricey).Cons:- Neighborhood is dead (need to travel to get to interesting neighborhoods)- Expensive internet access (guess that’s the norm for most hotels)Pros:- Proximity to Old Montreal on foot- Nice job with renovations/redecorating- Good concierge	
Aug 16 2009 	Renovations are Done	Many of the recent reviews of this hotel noted the ongoing renovations. Those now seem to be done and the hotel seems to be put back together.We were given an upgrade a check in and found the room we were given to be spacious and nicely appointed.My wife and I found the hotel to be very luxourious and in an excellent location to explore either the shopping district or the old port area of Montreal.My beef however is with the parking arrangements for the hotel. Firstly, hotel guests can only park on level 9 and lower so getting in and out of the garage is time consuming. Next getting from the parking to the hotel requires an evelator change and a bit of a walk to the front desk. If all that was not probelm enough, the hotel has no arrangement with the garage to allow for in and out priviledges. This means that trips to dinner etc. rack up significant parking charges.All in all its a very nice hotel but with a poor parking setup.	
Aug 11 2009 	Don't Waste Your Time In This Overly Rated Hotel!!!	We received confirmation of a two night stay at in a room with two double beds. Upon arrival we were told that we had a room, but it was not one with two double beds. We were told that it is not their policy to hold such a specific request...as per their policy ( which we have yet to see in writing ), it is their policy to guarantee a room without specifics. How inane is that??? After much debate at reception, the unconcerned clerk said that she will arrange to have a cot brought in for the night and would have us moved into a room with double beds the next day. We went up to the room, changed and went out, returning at about 3:30 am, the next morning. Much to our chagrin, there was not cot in the room. The night supervisor/manager said the cot was not placed in the room because it violated fire regulations...after a long and heated argument with him, he offered to do us the &quot;favour&quot; of over riding this so called fire regulations rule and brought the cot up himself to our room. He then had the audacity to state that as a gesture of goodwill he will forgo charging us for the cot. If the windows could have opened in that room, I swear that I would have been tempted to push him out of it. The next day we were moved to the correct room....which was now without a blow dryer or an ironing board. Well at this point we were so upset by the laissez faire attitude of the staff that we decided not to complain. For all its write ups on the internet, this hotel would be rated as a 3 1/2 star in my book...The rooms were NOT spotless and through the windows, one could see 4 or five spiders outside. I WILL NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANYONE!!!!!!!!!!!. By the way, the hotel didn't even offer to refund the difference between for the single room we stayed in the first night and the double we originally paid for...	
Aug 3 2009 	Uneven service not a baby friendly hotel	I would first off like to say that I am very disappointed with this hotel. I've always enjoyed my stays at Intercontinental hotels. We traveled with my 18 month son so we needed a mini fridge for his milk. I asked about it and the lady at the front desk said that they don't offer a mini fridge option; there are minibars in the room but they have sensors so we would be charged every time we moved something. We decided to just order milk through room service. The next day we did so and one glass of milk was $6, typical room service prices but since we were there for 5 days we didn't want to spend that much. We decided to check at the front desk again. We asked a young lady what our options are and she said that they could look into emptying out the mini bar for us to use. Another young lady at the front desk chimed in that they can't empty the mini bar but we can get a mini fridge in the room for $40/night. That would be $160 for the trip, the price of buying our own fridge! I've traveled all over the world and have never run into this problem. At any rate there did not seem to be any construction while we were there. The rooms were clean and the concierge was very helpful in finding baby friendly restaurants for us. I just wished they were a little more understanding about the fridge.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great Hotel... just need to work out the kinks...	I was a bit hesitant about staying here since the reviews were so mixed; however I found this hotel to be great and suitable to our needs. For anyone that is concerned about the construction, there should be no worries. The construction is really just a renovation that is confined to just the lounge/bar area. No noise or dust anywhere. The staff were friendly and extremely accomodating. The manager hooked us up with a room upgrade to a suite room! We also received a lot of great recommendations on where to sight-see (Parc du Mont-Royal) and where to drink/eat (Weinstein and Gustovino's). Our suite room (Room 1000) is modern and nicely laid out. There were several issues that we did notice, however did not really bother us all that much: No hairdryer (front desk asked us to look in the cabinet under the sink, but it was a pedestal sink!), the bed was VERY firm and the linens a bit rough for my silky smooth skin. Oh, and just a side note, there were spiders on the exterior of the building; no possible way of getting in, but did anyone else notice that all of montreal is just crawling with spiders all over the place???Parking was a bit odd. Hotel guests have to park in P-9/P-10 which is 9/10 flights below(we got a bit dizzy going in circles). The elevator is right there, although it only goes as far up to the Food Court level. You then have to walk up a flight of stairs to the lobby to check-in. Because of this set up, there is no one to help you with your luggage if you do self parking. Odd.Overall, I really enjoyed staying here and would gladly stay here again. The neighborhood is a bit dead during the weekends, however the Metro is right in the colorful convention center across the street and everything is within a 10 minute walk.	
Jul 15 2009	Great location and stay. Quality hotel.	I was hesitant to stay here because of some of the reviews I read. However I had a great experience. The hotel is located within 5 minutes walking distance to the heart of Old Montreal and 8 minutes walking distance to downtown/ St. Catherine's. It is very close to other hotels, there is a cafe around the corner and down the street, however it is not extremely close to popular eateries (starbucks, etc.) except for a Steak Frites place across the street. The hotel itself is very nice. Although it is under renovations, the reno's are confined to the main level area and make the lobby a bit smaller than expected. However the rooms are not affected and you cannot hear any construction noise. The conceirge is on the lobby level and was extremely friendly and helpful, the front desk staff were somewhat friendly, and the bell staff are located on the street level and are very friendly as well. The hotel provided umbrellas for rainy days, free printing of boarding passes, complementary slippers (but you have to ask) and free luggage storage when you check out.The room I had contained 2 queen beds and had very dark decor which I didn't like, but it was clean and large. The pool was long and narrow but was nice enough. The spa had a steam room that was lovely. The gym seemed like a good facility although I did not use it - it had a treadmill and weights and other cardio machines.The area is safe and I would stay here again. However, as this hotel is not in the heart of old Montreal, walking back at night is somewhat lonely as there aren't too many people around. It could be spooky if you are a single traveller. The other thing is that when you check in they automatically charge you for newspaper delivery each night you are there. If you don't read the check in contract you are billed for this - make sure you decline if you don't want this service. Also, room service is VERY expensive.I booked it on priceline for $105 USD per night.	
Jul 14 2009 	Perfect location	Travelled to Montreal with my sister in law and 11 yr old daughter and 9 year old niece. Stayed at the Intercontinental from July 10-July 13 for family party on the Saturday. Montreal is my hometown but moved over 20 years ago and only seem to get down for family functions and never spend anytime in this wonderful city. so decided to stay a few days and play tourist in the city I grew up in. The Intercontental is in a perfect spot. Walking distance to both Old Montreal and Downtown. We arrived Friday night and took the valet service since we were too tired to find parking and it was around 27 per day and we did not plan to use the car too much during our stay.Reception is not thru the main door but up the escalators to your right thru sliding glass doors.Check in was smooth and easy and we were on the 17th floor with a view of Old Montreal and surrounding area.The hotel is still under some construction to what looks like a restaurtant or lounge.The rooms were fabulous but after reading some reviews about no mini fridge I brought a small cooler which I kept full with ice to keep juice and milk cold for the girls and beer cold for the grownups.There is a mini bar but I stay away from those. Not in the mood to pay 8.50$ for a bottle of water.Coffee/Tea maker in the room. Only one coffee and one tea per day but it worked out since my sister in law is the coffee drinker and I am a tea lover and never needed to ask for more which I read from previous reviews you get charged for.........not sure if that policy changed.The pool was more of a lap pool but big enough for the kids to swim and was not very busy. It is located on the 10th floor with an outside deck with not much of a view except an office building across the street. I did not stay out there since there were spider webs everywhere. Definately needs some attention.We walked around Old Montreal on Saturday and even bought last minute tickets to Cirque du Soleil &quot;Ovo&quot; for a matinee at 1:00pm. The tickets are pricey but cheaper than in Las Vegas. We had the best seats and the best view and paid 120$ per adult and 91$ per child under 12. I know in Vegas it was 165$US for one of their shows for the good seats. We walked thru all the streets and there are many restaurants to chose from and many art galleries and souvenir shops. We were not there for the shopping but bought a beautiful bracelet in the Bonsecour market on rue St Paul. Ins ide the building there are maybe 15 boutiques with all handmade stuff including glass and leather. worth a look. We took a caleche ride....horse and buggy....for 45$ a half hour and it was a treat for the girls to learn the history of Montreal. The Vieux Port by the water was fun to walk around with more shops and there is a place for kids called the Labrynthe but they were not interested in visiting. Sunday we took the car and went to the mountain...Mount Royal/Beaver Lake(Lac aux Castors). I always laugh at the word lake. It is a man made pond with paddle boats. We walked around and enjoyed the view from the top of down town Montreal. We jumped in the car and visited St Joseph's Oratory and learned the history of this magnificent church on the top of the mountain. Sunday night was the last night of the Jazz festival which was a 5 minute walk from the hotel. We stayed for about an hour since the girls were getting tired but enjoyed some of the free music on rue St Catherine. Sorry for the long review but wanted to cover everything.	
Jul 12 2009 	Disappointed in this 4 stars Hotel	Very disappointed in Intercontinental, after entering the room, was about to put my bags on the desk then I saw, there were heavy dust on the top part of the desk as in, where people use the least. I simply passed my finger and I can actually see dust on my finger tip. I then called front desk, they sent the housekeeper up and clean it. Can't believe before the concierge left, she told me that one person hs to clean average 15 rooms within two days. After she left, i was about to put my other bags on a reading chair near corner end, I then saw an empty 7 up bottle hidden under the chair. If i didn't slightly pushed the chair by accident, i probably wouldn't know THE ROOM WASN'T CLEAN AT ALL. Asked for an room exchange because didn't want to guess elsewhere wasn't clean. 2nd room, still dusty on the desk, the front desk claims the hotel just finished renovation therefore for sure there would be dust. BUT isn't a 4 stars hotel HAS TO MAKE SURE THE ROOM IS CLEAN BEFORE THE GUEST ENTERING THE ROOM ?? THIS IS LIKE THE BASIC.I still couldn't believe that &quot;renovation&quot; was the excuse they use. If they knew there would be dust because of the renovation which ended end on June. WOW after two weeks, still very dusty, unbelievable!!!! OVERALL, disappointed 4 stars hotel FAILED on a very basic requirement, Cleanness!!	
Jul 9 2009 	Lovely hotel good location uneven service	Lovely hotel, well-located directly adjacent to Vieux Montreal (Old Montreal) and about a 10-15 minute walk from Centre Ville (Downtown) The Metro is about a 5 minute walk. Newly renovated, the rooms are spacious, beautifully decorated and well-appointed. The very large marble bath with separate tub and shower is top notch. Primarily a convention/business hotel, it can feel a bit stuffy and corporate... definitely not the best choice for a romantic rendez-vous.A downside is that the quality of the service was uneven. The employees were generally pleasant and professional, but the hotel seemed understaffed with long wait times to speak with the concierge, unanswered phone calls to room service, and occasional long lines at the front desk. The quality of room service food was poor considering the high prices.I would hesitate to pay full price for the hotel, but there seem to be many heavily discounted rates available from various online site. At a discounted price, it's a very good deal.	
Jul 9 2009 	Acceptable	Although this hotel is attractive, it is not a four star hotel. We bid $100 and got it for six nights at $122 per night. Good location, close to old Montreal and the jazz festival. Good concierge, but hotel staff did not inform us of free coffee in the lobby nor that all calls, including 800 would be charged $1.50. Room was comfortable and attractive.	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent Hotel	The hotel was one of the best that I've ever stayed in. It's located close to everywhere, we parked our car ($18 /day) and walked everywhere. You could take the Metro, it's close by. But we decided to walk since our destinations are within walking distance (Old Montreal, St. Catherine, etc). The bed is so comfy, we had a large LCD tv in our room, separate shower and bath, front desk was very nice. I guess we were there where the construction/renovation was done. We had a room that had a connecting door and could hear people from next room taking shower, coughed and sneezed in the middle of the night. Didn't bother me that much because after a few minutes it stopped and I didn't hear anything else. One thing that I wish this hotel would have is free internet access or at least a cheaper rate. The internet rate was expensive, we couldn't get browse the web trying to get directions or places to go.	
Jun 19 2009	Very comfy beds	8 of us came to Montreal for a stag celebration. Although the hotel lobby is under renovations (finished in end of June) the rooms are fully made up. Quiet during the day and clean, the thing I remember most is the nice soft fluffy beds and pillows that were so inviting when we retired at 5am in the morning. Sound proofing is excellent in this hotel and no complaints filed against us in the am. Location is good for the Old Montreal area, otherwise there is very handy taxi stand in the front. Walk to Crescent street is about 20 mins, St. Catherines central in about 10-15. There is a Steak Frites restaurant that is a BYO beer and wine across the street. It is connected to a mall with a food court with food for lunch and maybe breakfast.	
Jun 7 2009 	Couldn't handle the guests	We just got back from a five nigths trip to Montreal. The hotel is under construction and the entrance is just not professional and appealing. You have to change elevators to go to your room, the hotel restaurant is just dark, smells funny and the food is just okay. The staff are nice and helpful but we didn't receive the four star service at all, they are definitely short staffed and can not handle the construction. You would think if an Intercontinental Hotel is going through construction, they would at least higher more staff or at least really go out of there way to make up for the situation.We asked for slippers four times during our stay and we never received it. The concierge was very unprofessional and would only send you to places that he probably gets free meals. ( the two places that recommended for dinners were just not what he claimed)He didn't care about the quality of the places which he recommended and didn't even listen to what we were looking for. We ended up going to another hotel and tipped the concierge to get good and helpful recommendations for restaurants and interesting areas.They give you free breakfast and free drinks coupons to compensate for it but it really doesn't change the experience. We went to Hotel James which is right next to the Intercontinental and checked out the hotel, restaurant and the quality of service was just superb. Next time we are in Montreal we would definitely stay at Hotel James. I would not recommend this hotel at this state maybe when they are done with the construction they would be different but I wouldn't go back again.	
Jun 1 2009 	Very comfortable stay	I have to admit I was nervous when I saw the reviews most recently. However, we truly enjoyed our stay at the Intercontinental. The lobby is still being renovated so the check-in process is a bit unusual but the staff makes you feel very welcome. The rooms are now renovated and ours was excellent. We stayed on the 17th floor. Large flat screen TV, nice coffee maker, high speed internet and wireless (for a fee with our room rate). The bathroom was very nice and everything was very clean. The location is good as well. Only a few steps from the Metro located only a few blocks from the Notre Dame Basilica (a must see). We didn't use the pool, gym or restaurant so cannot comment on those. However, Gerry, the concerige was very helpful in getting us to and from sites/places. Very friendly and very helpful. All in all, a very pleasant stay. Our rate was through Priceline so the deal for us was excellent (~$100/night).	
May 23 2009 	The underwhelming InterContinental Montreal	...a note to my travel consultant...I wasn't going to say anything however I felt I should nevertheless do so. Whilst it was great to have spent a few (very cold) days in Montreal for the first time over this past weekend ('09), you do need to know for future reference that the Intercontinental Hotel (Montreal, Quebec, Canada) was seriously one of the worst hotels we've ever stayed in, anywhere. We had serious reservations upfront about staying in 'anything InterContinental', but were happy to overlook them, not least of all as it seemed like a good 'easter weekend' deal. They are however in the process of a major renovation, which is fine to a degree, but not when one isn't warned of this upfront and where virtually (i.e. literally) every service within the establishment suffered accordingly - and made a mockery of their 'weekend special'. The above concerns/ reservations were further confirmed upon entering our 'newly renovated stale-smelling straight out of the early seventies maroon room' - reservations that were re-inforced whenever one needed to for example phone any service within the establishment (a challenge all of it's own) and for instance request towels or that old room-service crockery be removed, etc., as happened incidentally each day. I used to be in the hotel biz many years ago, so perhaps I tend to notice small things. The trouble was that our numerous not unjustified 'complaints' ranging from room service to housekeeping to not even having someone to assist us with our luggage upon arrival, were rather larger service issues. The noticeable lack of any visible senior management merely exacerbated the above service deficiencies, despite the friendly attitude and efforts of the long-suffering front house staff, working under ridiculous makeshift conditions. Also just for the record, it's not truly in the old quarter, no matter what is claimed to the contrary.The above was all put in writing at their request upon our departure, if I were you however I would seriously hesitate ever recommending this hotel/ group to anyone in the future. Needless to say I have never heard a single word from anyone at the hotel apropos the unnaceptable level of service received.	
May 19 2009 	Wait Until Renovation is Over	This would have been a beautiful &amp; awesome hotel ONLY IF it wasn't under renovation while we were there. There currently is no lobby, &amp; the hallways are definitely unfinished.  However, at least the renovation of the rooms were complete as our superior room had a very nice bathroom (separate shower &amp; tub) &amp; giant LCD TV.Location wise, it was close to our 2 most frequented places: Chinatown &amp; Old Montreal.If only we had a come a couple months later when the renovations were complete...	
May 18 2009 	Stars should be suspended during renovations	This could possibly be a nice location although being in the business district, the shops were closed on the weekends. The hotel is undergoing extensive renovations which mean no common space, no bar, no restaurants. Not even a lobby which was now located in a converted room.The room service was late and unresponsive to our concerns (tar tar sauce with chicken?). There are definately better values in Montreal.	
Apr 30 2009 	Had a great stay fantastic deal. Will be an excellent hotel once the renovations are done!	I stayed at the Intercontinental Montreal in April 2009. We got a fantastic rate through Travelzoo and knew that the renovations weren't complete yet. Check in was quick. We had a newly renovated room (with a big screen tv). The room was a good size, clean, and had a very large bathroom, with separate shower and tub. The hotel was very quiet, despite that the renovations are still ongoing for the restaurant area on the 2nd floor. Our rate included internet, though it is normally about $14 a day. Hotel location was great, and the Metro can be accessed without going outside. The only reason I didn't give 5 star was because the lobby area was a bit disorganized (but this is because of the renovations).	
Apr 30 2009 	Avoid this Hotel-Under Construction and Over Priced	Stayed for three nights last weekend via priceline name your own price ****star. Hotel is still under construction. Waited in a line on a late friday afternoon to check in for 15 minutes. One receptionist on duty. Staff all were very pleasant and room was fine.Not the kicker, ordered room service on saturday without checking menu and prices. Ordered OJ, coffee and oatmeal and the bill was $34-I am not kidding. Staff said c'est la vie!!! Quality was just OK-not even water came with the order. Clearly this property is not close to being a 4 star - avoid, avoid, avoid!!!	
Mar 2 2009 	had a great stop-over	I enjoyed my short stay in Montreal, much to the credit of the intercontinental.The hotel is located in the Quartier international district of Montreal, adjacent to the Nordheimer Building where there are some shops (pharmacy, convenience store) and great cheap restaurants with various international food.We stayed in room 2312 with a splendid view on the river.We didn't have breakfast there but went to 'Chez Plume' in the evening and it was lovely.The staff overall in the hotel was great. The current refurbishing didn't bother us at all.The pool was too cold ; didn't try the gym.Toiletries in the room are Elemis (mmmmm!!)Towels, sheets , pillows are spotless clean and in abundance.I recommend trying the underground (metro) which is so clean and efficient, and visiting the Biodome with kids.Overall, as I said, I found the place really good, but somehow wouldn't stay more than 2 nights as there isn't much to do (in winter that is) and the pool is too cold.	
Feb 16 2009 	Good location great room poor reception...	I got there with my wife for Valentine Day; hotel was under renovation but overall access was appropriate. Upon check-in, five desk were set but only one clerk available. Wait in line then... Same thing to check out. Plume is a good close by restaurant. The hotel is next door of the famous St-James Hotel, so location is great.	
Feb 3 2009 	Great for the Priceline price of $68/night!	This place is MASSIVE. It is connected to other buildings but still it is absolutely huge. The parking garage alone is at least 12 levels underground. They were doing some remodeling, so the lobby area was a little confusing and you had to take 2 elevators to get upstairs. The spa/exercise/pool area was very nice and we really enjoyed swimming and the steam/sauna. We were there during snow and cold so it was nice to have things to do inside. The location is good and you can get to the subway without going outside at all. All in all a great deal!	
Oct 4 2008 	Amazing hotel!	I have never been to a hotel and felt treated so well. I went on business and took my daughter and her best friend. Although the room was for one person, the front desk had no trouble giving me a room with 2 beds! The staff is amazing, they are too nice and will do anything to accomadate your needs. The luggage boys are great, they are in the entrance of the hotel 24/7 always smiling and assisting you. The rooms are great. The pool is a bit small, but good enough, and it closes at 10pm, in my opinion it should be opened 24/7 just like the gym. Everything is perfect, I would definatly recommend it !	
Sep 13 2008 	Worse Experience of my Life	experience I have ever had. Let's begin with the fact that I made the reservation at the same time as my brother and he got a rate 50% cheaper then I did for a smaller room then mine. When I asked for a match they refused. That was fine. I was willing to pay what was quoted. When I got there at 3pm for check-in my room was not ready and I was told I would have to wait at least an hour. Around 4:30pm my room was ready. I walk into my room only to find out that it also belonged to someone else. Imagine my embarrassment walking into someone else's room!!!! Luckily, no one was there. When I returned to the front desk I asked to speak to the Hotel Manager to complain. The manager offered me an upgrade of my room for the mishap, however when I got my new room it was the exact same room with a worse view! When I called to complain about that the manager yelled at me, told me there was nothing he can do for me (oh he did offer me complimentary breakfast the next morning. Woo Hoo) and that I needed to understand that they were full. When I asked him how many stars did the Hotel have his response was 'we strive to be a 5 star'. I don't think that they will accomplish that with such poor leadership in place. I called the corporate offices to make a formal complaint and then the Manager called me back to yell at me some more for being inconsiderate and ungrateful for the offer of a complimentary breakfast! I finally got him to reduce my rate (I still paid more then my brother did), however the problems persisted. My showerhead was broken, the bathroom wallpaper was falling off, and the iron did not work. I will say the housekeeping and concierge staff were very helpful and kind, however the overall experience was horrendous. I will never stay at another Intercontinental or any other Hotel in their chain!	
Sep 9 2008 	excellent hotel to stay	Excellent hotel to stay in downtown montreal, Me and my wife enjoyed every single moment we stayed in this hotel. Spacious rooms, clean bathrooms, quiet, comfortable bed to sleep in. Check in and check out was fast. friendly staff. Looking forward to stay in this hotel again. parking is just one block from the hotel on the left side. If you like fast foods, there is a MC donalds just three blocks on rue st notredame, but if you walk two more blocks after the mcdonalds there is lot of small family owned restaurants with good food.	
Sep 6 2008 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	Great hotel in a great location. Helpful staff, large well appointed clean rooms, All in all a very nice stay. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 6 2008 	Very nice stay	The Intercontinental has a great location in the heart of Montreal. We stayed in 2 rooms at the beginning and end of our vacation in Quebec. The first room 1724 faced the The Palais des congrès, Montréal’s Convention Centre, known for its massive multi-coloured glass wall (and Tim Horton's inside) and Place Jean-Paul-Riopelle a lovely park with special effects along the pathways and in the fountain (hint: ring of fire). The kids loved the view. In the distance we could see the Mount Royal. The second room 2016 was on the opposite side of the hotel facing the St. Lawrence River. The rooms are average size with very comfortable beds, the bathrooms are very nice with a soaking tub and separate shower. The staff were extremenly poilte and helpful. I do not speak French and was pleased to find that the staff would immediatly switch to English based on my greeting. This hotel is connected to the underground pedestrian walkways. My only complaint was that there was no shop in the hotel or even within the block and the mini bar prices were very high. Plan ahead for snacks and drinks. The indoor pool on the 10th floor was small but adequate to entertain a 10 yr old and connected to an nice outdoor patio with several tables and chairs. The hotel rooms are located on the 11th floor and above.	
Sep 5 2008 	Amazing location!	This was my first time staying at the Intercontinental hotel. It was a wonderful upscale hotel with perfect location right on the boarder of financial district and old Montreal. You can walk to Notre Dame cathedral (5 min), Jacques Cartier square and riverfront (10 min), shop at Rue Saint-Catherine (10 min), visit St. Patrick's cathedral (5 min) or climb Mount Royal (20 min). Everything is within walking distance. Subway station is right by the hotel and train station is about 10 min walk. Hotel itself was beautiful. Marble, art work, expensive furniture and flowers everywhere. The entrace is kind of unusual - you have to take elevator to the lobby. We stayed here for 2 nights but didn't have a chance to try restaurant. We always ate out. Hotel is adjacent to a mall with interesting shops and cafes. We found it very convenient. Our suite was amazing. It was a corner room with oval shape. We had a nice view of park and the colorful Palace of Congress (exhibition hall). The suite had lot of light and warm colors. Living room was very comfortable. TV channels were also in English. Bed had the nicest sheets and comforter ever. They made it hard for us to get up. Closet was a descent size. Bathroom was perfect. Fluffy robes were new and smelled nice. We also got very nice bathroom amenities. I forgot the name of the brand. Service was exceptional except for concierge who could have smiled more. However, she provided good directions everywhere, plenty of maps and recommendations. Actually everybody was very efficient, knowledgable and professional. The staff went out of their way to help us, especially front desk and bell men (they stored our luggage and got us taxi few times). I will stay here again and recommend this hotel to all my friends.	
Aug 12 2008 	way overpriced for what we got	Just returned from a five night stay at this property. Paid $260 for a club floor room. Definitely, not worth the money.Pros: Lovely view in a large room, good hot water pressure, decent bed and linens.Cons: the club floor offerings were extremely limited in scope and availability, just continental breakfast and evening cheese crackers and drinks.Service was reluctant. You have to call if you want turn down , and then it does not always come. The bellmen/doormen can often not be bothered to assist because they are so involved in their own conversation. The concierge is happy to say, &quot;I don't know&quot;, and leave it at that. Room service prices were exorbitant, e.g. $7.50 for a bowl of dry cereal plus service and delivery. Internet is $14.50 a day. Furnishings in the rooms and public areas were dark, worn, and dated. Plastic flowers and low lighting.All this is acceptable in a three star hotel, or if the rate is $95 through Priceline. However, when a hotel is classed as five star and is advertised as quality, I find these failings unacceptable.	
Jul 30 2008 	Decent hotel	stayed in this hotel for 2 nights.pros:- really close to old montreal (10min walk), eaton center (10min walk)- we accidently opened the mini fridge (there is a tab on it) and we didn't get charged for it- friendly service (we put do not disturb sign) we came back and there was a note and a voicemail asking if we wanted our room cleaned to let the staff know. and a personal visit to ask us as well.- bathroom is big and spaciouscon:- hotel is on a one-way, so when we passed it the first time, we had to loop around to find the entrance again- after parking in their underground parking lot (public parking is at least 8 floors down, got dizzy from driving round and round downwards), after taking the elevator to the main floor, finding the entrance was difficult (not the same as the main hotel entrance)- tv volume didn't go any higher than what it was when you turned it on- coffee maker is on the bathroom counter	
Jul 30 2008	Awful mattress	The four things I look for in a good hotel are : firm mattress because getting a GOOD nights sleep is important, individually controlled A/C that works, strong shower pressure , and QUIET soundproof room. It can make the difference between ruining a 4 day vacation or making it great. The GOOD:- common areas were air conditioned- large sink with excellent water pressure- $75 on PricelineThe BAD:- extra charge for coffee (in the min-bar) if you use more than the one free package of coffee located in the bathroom- no shampoo, i had to make a special request- i emailed hotel prior to stay about my preference for a high floor but was only given 15th floor out of 26- i purchased 3 day metro pass at $17 but only used it once because the subway has NO air conditioning and the heat is unbearable- the mattress was so lumpy you could see the unevenness even when the bed was completely made with the comforter on - mini bar had a tab you had to break so the hotel would know you opened it, therefor i never opened it to cool MY store-bought pop- no free internet. hotel charges for internet- escalator to lobby has no handicap access- construction noise of new hotel across street- first priceline room they gave me smelled and completely reeked of cheap artificial cleaner or some other mysterious unpleasant odor so i immediately asked to change rooms- huge stain on carpet at end of bed- one of my neatly folded white towels the maid had left for me in the bathroom literaly had &quot;skid marks&quot; (feces) on it when i opened the towel up to dry myself. this completely grossed me out- the trash had not been emptied from the previous tenant- worst mattress ever. it felt like sinking into quick sand and completely swallowed you in. it was not firm and had no spine. felt like sleeping on a lumpy, spineless pillow- worst pillows (smelly) ever. feathers flying everywhere from the pillow- sheets and pillow had unpleasant odor- sheets were thin and not of a high quality 5-star thread count- tiny shower i could barely move around in- aggressive doorman stared me down and stood by me for a tip when i told him i didnt need his help carrying my (one) luggage and hailing down (several parked outside and waiting) taxi- hot and muggy weather- paper thin walls you can hear neighbors closing luggage- room service trash left in hallway - montreal taxi drivers dont like to use air conditioning even though it hot and humid- tv blurry- windows dirty with spider web action outside- i brought my own shower head but the one i removed from the hotel was full of nasty gunk- a/c sound like a truck releasing its air brakes ever y ten minutes- house keeping called me 4 times in as many hours regarding my do not distrub sign while i was sleeping. thanks for not disturbing me (sarcasm)!- dusty tv screen and desk- hospital room like feel- location is way out of the way from the good parts of downtown and the green line metro- tv is vintage and takes forever to change channel manually- cost $10 each way from the train station in taxi  In conclusion, I believe you'd be better off staying at a motel6 or super8 hotel. The best 4-star hotel on priceline is the Omni.	
Jul 22 2008 	Would go back in a heartbeat!	Situated between Old Montreal and downtown, this hotel was a perfect location for sightseeing and shopping. The staff person at the desk was very helpful, as we got to Montreal at 1:30 in the morning, and they even upgraded our room to a King size bed! The room itself was absolutely perfect, the bathroom spotless and in excellent repair. It had a marble shower as well as a bathtub,and it was all as clean as clean is possible. Even though it was a 'smoking' room, you could not smell any hint of cigarettes, and it was not stale from any artificial fragrance either. fyi, the internet usage in the business center is $5 per half hour, and the parking is $26 for the day(!), but don't drive in the city because the parking meters are even more expensive, and good luck finding parking. Take the 'metro' and buy yourself a day pass ($9) - it's well worth the money. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone, and would go back in a heartbeat.	
Jul 20 2008	Nice Hotel	I booked this hotel on Hotwire for the 4th of July weekend, which was also the same time as the Montreal Jazz Festival. The location of the hotel is great. It is within walking distance of Old Montreal. There is also a shopping center under the hotel, but it seemed to close rather early.The room is spacious, and the bathroom includes a separate tub and shower. Service was fine once I got there. However, I e-mailed the hotel ahead of time to add my Priority Club number and room preferences and never got a response. My preferences did seem to be noted, however, and I received the type of room I wanted at check-in.The room includes a coffee maker, but unlike most hotels where I have stayed, you have to pay extra if you want tea. The coffee maker is located in the bathroom with one bag of coffee and a note stating that if you want more coffee or if you want tea, you can purchase it from the minibar. I thought it was very petty to make guests pay for a tea bag. This is just one example, but as other guests have mentioned, the hotel seems to charge for pretty much everything.The room service menu was very expensive and did not offer a lot of good options.The room and common areas are well-appointed and very clean. It is a very nice hotel, but just be aware that everything is an extra charge.	
Jul 9 2008	Good Hotel but Out of the Way	We stayed at this hotel for a bachelor's party. There were about 20 of us that stayed in various floors throughout the building. I got this off Hotwire for $92/nt double beds. The beds were quite comfortable, rooms were average size. Hotel reception was very friendly, and helped cater to your needs (although we're young so we don't really complain about services). The bathroom was cool in that it had a separate shower/bath tub. The place was clean, and the AC kept the room very comfortable. My gripes are that there is not 1 vending machine in the building and no open convenience stores nearby. So at 3am after the clubs and drinking, you have no choice but to open the $10 Fiji water or get room service. The Hotel is also a bit far from shops/restaurants/downtown (although there are 2 fancy places to eat across the street). Old Montreal is close, but still a good 10-15 min walk to get there. Internet was $15 per day, which I found rather absurd in this day of technology. Overall I enjoyed my stay here and would definitely stay again.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Location	Got a deal via priceline for about $90 a night so stayed here for 3 nights. Great central location. Not many amenities in the hotel - small lap pool with no shallow end - ok for kids 10+. No kids activities. We had brunch at the hotel - food was ok but not as nice as other 4* for the price. Ate lunch and dinner out at other restaurants.Dissapointed that they charged us for using coffee service in room - should be complementary each day, not just one time.They charged us for tea and a chocolate bar. We don't drink tea and my two boys are allergic to chocolate. Argued a bit with the charge but they *insisted* that we must have eaten them because the inventory .... blah blah. Won't go back unless get priceline again.	
Jul 2 2008 	good location great hotel	this is a very nice hotel on the edge of old Montreal. it's about a $12 cab ride up to the plateau where the &quot;real&quot; montrealers live.rooms were big &amp; nice &amp; spotless. we had a good view of the park and downtown on a high floor despite booking on priceline.we enjoyed the tiny indoor pool and attached terrace.The service was great. valet parking was $27, that's the only downside. there are garages further down Rue Antoine that are half the price. i was lazy though and paid valet.we walked to old montreal for breakfast every day and rented bikes and did the loop around the lachine canel. great hotel, great location, great city!	
Jun 23 2008 	Good way to finish a trip	Booked via Priceline 91$ AI.This is not the first time we stayed here. And I was pleased to find out when I won my bid.The hotel is well located re: downtown and old Montreal. For a cyclist, this is a good spot to start exploring the city's paths. The rooms are stylish and romantic, with sumptuous beds, spacious bathroom and bathrobe, although the view from the window was not the best. The lobby is stylish , attached to the Centre de Commerce International. Weekday and Saturday, just walk down to the food courts if you want to avoid the pricey restaurant. The pool is smallish but lengthwise, provides good swimming. Good gym too.	
Jun 22 2008 	Spotless!	I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the InterContinental. There wasn't a hint of staleness in my room, it always smelled &quot;fresh&quot;. The bedding was lovely, the bathroom was spacious. I would certainly recommend this hotel. One aside- You'll need to take the subway or a cab to get around the city. Old Montreal and Chinatown are both within walking distance of the hotel, other points of interest need the easily maneuverable metro system.	
Jun 8 2008 	Simply perfect	I love this hotel...... the staff is great, location is flawless, rooms are divine.... I will be back.	
May 30 2008 	Excellent value for money	My wife and I and our infant son stayed at the Montreal Intercontinental for one night on May 20th. We found our stay to be very comfortable, as well as a very good price for the amenities of the hotel. We bid $80 on Priceline, and our bid was accepted. While I wouldn't say that the Intercontinental is a &quot;true&quot; four star, due to the slightly dated rooms and uneven service by the front desk, it was certainly a bargain compared to 2* hotels near the airport that were priced on expedia at twice that rate.We had flown in from London, and were just spending the night on the way to Vermont the following day. The Intercontinental was very simple to find, and a very easy spot from which to leave the city the following day.Upon arrival, we were greeted immediately by a doorman who saw to our luggage and parked the car (although at $26 for parking, it was a bit expensive). We were checked in promptly enough (it was 9:00 pm) by a trainee front desk person, who was a bit uncertain about how to issue us keys, but there were no delays. At the front desk, we requested a portable crib (no extra cost) for our son, and it was delivered within five minutes of getting to our room.The room itself was plenty spacious, with a decent view of the old town. The beds were comfortable and there was ample storage for our bags and clothing. The bathroom was large, with a shower and a separate bathtub. Shampoos and soaps by Elemis were a nice touch as well. The bed coverings, curtains and rugs could have used updating, but they were all clean and well looked after. There was also a coffee maker with one free pot of coffee.Having come in from London and being pretty tired, we ordered room service. Even on a night when the hotel appeared to be empty, we could not reach room service directly. The hotel operator took our message, and room service returned our call in 10 minutes. Delivery was approximately 45 minutes later. The food was only adequate, nothing remotely special, and for the prices ($19 for a very small pizza), was not worth it.Check-out was easy the next day, and they did give me Admiral's club credit, even though I had booked through Priceline, which was a bonus.In sum, aside from the expensive and uninteresting room service menu, the hotel more than met our expectations in terms of delivering good value for the money.	
May 28 2008 	Great low-season deal	I found an incredible deal on a room at the Inter-Continental through Hotwire and booked it as a surprise birthday present for my boyfriend. The staff were uniformly friendly. professional and engaging, and the room was as expected for a 4-star hotel. The location is really convenient; a subway stop and all local amenities are within easy walking distance (even in Montreal's January cold. brrr). The room we were given was in the 17th floor and looked like it could do with a bit of a renovation; there were some corners where wallpaper had started to peel away from the wall, and some of the furnishings looked a little faded. The gym was great, it was filled with old-school fixed weight systems which allowed you to work specific muscle groups. They were really sturdy and of good quality, even if they weren't the latest. There were also of course the usual electronic elliptical trainers as well. I didn't get a chance to use the pool as it was closed for the evening when we arrived. Overall I would love to return especially during off-peak seasons and definitely if there was another deal on Hotwire.	
May 16 2008 	A wonderful hotel in old Montreal	An excellent location for walking and touring Old Montreal. I booked on priority points and was given a great room overlooking the river and Habitat.The concierge and front desk were most helpful. It is a wecloming place with excellent service and quality. Would highly recommend it. You may walk the area or take the Metro to any other area of Montreal you might want to visit. I took the train in from Dorval (near airport) and walked from the commuter train stop to the hotel. This is about a mile but the day was beautiful.The lunch restaurant Gourmand and Olives was a neat bistro with many local people. The dinner restaurant Chasse et Peche was recommended to me by a chef I knew but the hotel confirmed it was excellent and it was.This is a place to be.	
May 9 2008 	Hard to go wrong	I bid on and won this hotel on Priceline $70. It must be new because the place is flawless. It is absurd they wanted to charge me $35 for a roll away. The location, the soaps, sheets larger rooms, wide halls. Id not understand why this hotel is not higher rated. From what I saw it would be hard to beat.	
Apr 12 2008 	Great weekend getaway	Booked this hotel through Priceline and got a great deal. For a few bucks more than the one-star hotels with the dirty carpets, we stayed in the Intercontinental's beautiful, well-appointed, comfortable room on the 23rd floor with a beautiful view of the park, Mont-Royal, and the city. It is a pleasure to stay here, I don't want to leave!	
Apr 3 2008	nice hotel	Stayed for 3 nights on a business trip. Nice room, with a good view of a bridge, very comfortable bed. What got me was a little sign in the beautifully appointed bathroom that you would be charged an extra 8.00(US) if you made a second pot of the little Mr. coffee maker in the bathroom. Struck me as a little less than 4 star Hotel more like a Red Roof Inn. The hotel is connected to the underground. Many restaurants within walking distance but if you go in the winter bring good boots. The morning buffet in the Hotel was 30.00 (US) per person. I would love to go back to Montreal in the warmer weather, A beautiful city to explore.	
Feb 20 2008 	Pleasant Nights Stay	Stayed one night and because of the freezing rain we decided to park our car underground using the valet service, that way we could leave it till 6 pm the next day without paying $19 twice, instead it was a total $26.... valet service was prompt and courteous. We had breakfast at the Plaza McGill which was good and not too expensive (located west of the hotel, then turn left and walk down two blocks). The room had two comfortable chairs to watch TV and the bed was also very nice. We reserved through Priceline.	
Jan 27 2008	Good Stay	Always wanted to stay at an Intercontinental. It was a typical 4 star hotel. Didn't like that during the cold season, it is a bit of a walk to St. Catherine street. You can take the metro but they blast the heat down there...it's unbearable. You're better off cabbing it. The comforter was wonderful...fluffy down. Pool was perfect for the kids. The bar has the best onion soup ever! You're only bet for coffee from Monday evening-Monday early a.m. is in the hotel but it's $5. During workweek hours, there's an underground mall attached and it's a bit cheaper down there. There was broken glass by the bed and my son stepped on it. The head of housekeeping came up and gave us a bandaid and some ointment and had it vacuumed. I would stay again if the weather was a bit milder but in the cold, I'd select something more centrally located..better yet, I won't be back until it's milder!!! We froze our butts off!	
Jan 14 2008 	the best hotel beds we have ever slept on!	I got this hotel on priceline for 2 rooms at $70 each a night.There were 5 of us adults so I had called ahead to request 2 double non-smoking rooms and when we got there that is what we were given.I asked if the rooms were next to each other and was told that was only possible if we had king beds, so we said &quot;ok, no problem&quot; but she moved us up 6 floors so that our rooms were only 2 rooms apart!This gave both rooms a great view of the snow-covered city and rooftops, including the river and Biosphere.The rooms themselves were perfect, very large, big bathrooms with seperate showers and tub. Bathrobes and slippers were provided and the double beds were large enough for my parents to share.After a few nights someone mentioned &quot;i think this is the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in&quot; and the other 4 of us all agreed! The pillows were not as nice as the Conrad in Istanbul (the best pillows we have ever had) but the beds were amazing!The gym &amp; pool was closed on christmas day (we stayed from the 25th-30th) and had limited hours the next day, but were open at 6am on the 27th. I even brought in my 7 year-old cousin who lives in Montreal and we had a wonderful time at the pool.The staff was very nice and did everything to make our stay perfect, we were never treated differently for using priceline. We even added an extra night using priceline ($70 wasn't possible but we got the rooms for $90 which is still a great deal).The hotel told us that they will be renovating soon to compete with the 5 star hotels downtown, but we found this hotel to be perfect already!The only thing I would warn about would be that parking is $30 a day (includes valet) but you can park on the street for much less if you plan to use your car during most of the daytime!	
Dec 30 2007	Extra Bed Charge is Absurd	I have stayed at the Intercontinental in Montreal several times over the years and have always had a pleasant stay. Booked through Hotwire on this stay, arrived at 11pm with my son and were told there were no rooms with two beds available. So they put us in a king bedded room and we were forced to pay $35 for the rollaway bed. While I understand that the hotel cannot guarantee specific room configurations, I don't feel it is fair or appropriate to be charged excessively for an extra bed when there are only two people in the room in the first place and the hotel can't provide a room with two beds. I did talk to the front office manager about it after our stay, and although he was pleasant and professional, his explanation was that it was a labor charge. I find it very hard to believe that it cost $35 to have a staff member bring the bed in and out of the room. More importantly, it was the first time I can ever remember being charged for an extra bed. Other than that, the hotel was comfortable, although after 15 years, soon in need of freshening and updating. Unlikely to return if only because of the extra bed charge.	
Dec 29 2007 	Great Stay and Experience	Had a great stay on Christmas. Doorman to reception to breakfast service was impecable. Rooms were spotless, bathrooms are huge..... nothing to complain about. Would highly recommend this property.LOcation is perfect for touring Old Montreal and downtown Montreal. Very comfortable beds..... was with wife and kids and all were made to feel welcome.	
Dec 10 2007 	Great Hotel Intercontinental Montreal	Stayed at the Hotel for 2 nights on business in November, and on arriving at the Hotel reception, I was given an upgrade to a Business Suite as I was a regular user of the Hotel chain. Beautiful large room with double aspect windows looking over the city. Used the facilities including the Gym and Pool which were very nice and the staff were very accommodating. Will always use the Hotel when in Montreal on business if the standards stay as good as they are.	
Nov 28 2007 	missing the je ne sais quoi of other intercontinentals	I have mixed feelings about this hotel. On the one hand, it is nicely located for business at the Palais des Congress, has a helpful and friendly staff, and is comfortable. On the other hand, there were many small details that, when put together, made this a rather disappointing Intercontinental experience. I was surprised and disappointed that this Intercontinental was not at the standard of others where I have stayed, such as the Intercontinental Amman. I will find another hotel next time I am in Montréal.Like other reviewers, I definitely felt &quot;nickled and dimed&quot; at this hotel. You are given only one small coffee packet in your room for free each night, and each one after that costs $2.50! Hair Conditioner is not provided, and the hotel charges for forgotten amenities, such as toothpaste. These are things that other hotels of this class give away &quot;for free&quot; without question. (I don't really consider these items &quot;free&quot; since they should be considered part of the money you're paying for the room.) The wireless internet in the rooms was very expensive ($14.95/24 hours) and literally put up an annoying popup window that had to be dismissed every two minutes!!!!!! It also required me to re-order it several times, forcing me to call down twice to be certain my bill wasn't being charged multiple times. The room service was very delicious and quick to arrive, but far more expensive than other places of this class. Also, the rooms and the general design of the hotel are average at best. I expect a lot more from Intercontinental and was disappointed in the boring decor and less-than-spotless cleanliness. The shower was NOT CLEAN. There was mold in the grouting and that is completely unnecessary for a shower that is obstensibly cleaned each and every day. The carpet was stained, and the wallpaper in my bathroom was peeling. Also, the television was small and outdated. I spent four nights in this hotel, and got ill during my trip, so I was in my room more than I intended, and was really disappointed in the surroundings. that being said, The bed was extremely comfortable and the linens were soft and clean. I liked the towels, too, and the shower had good water pressure. The desk was comfortable to work at as well. The staff were friendly and efficient, and I liked the 1pm checkout time very much. I think this hotel is perfectly acceptible, but you can also do much better. It needs a makeover and a stylist, updated decor and a touch of class--even the W doesn't charge you if you want to brew more than one pot of coffee in your room!!!!! Intercontinental can do a lot better than this!	
Oct 24 2007 	excellent for a conference / business trip	Excellent front desk service. Amazing view from the top if you get a window room. Great location for &quot;business&quot; downtown (offices, conferences, etc). A little far from &quot;fun&quot; downtown (shopping, tourists areas, bars, etc). Excellent rooms and the elevator is so fast I went from the 9th floor to the lobby in a blink.	
Sep 20 2007 	Enjoyed by business stay	Stayed at the hotel during my business trip and fully enjoyed the hotel. It was very easy to check in and out. It is within walking distance of Old Montreal and downtown ( a couple of blocks from St. Catherine and Metro). The king bed was comfortable in corner spacious room. The housekeeping never was late and had everything impeccably prepared. The TV is small, but the views were fantastic (12 th floor) even with the construction on the East side. I checked out but kept my bags with the bellmen for a $1 a bag. It was very convenient. I would recommend a stay for any business traveler.	
Sep 7 2007 	Intercontinental for an excellent weekend getaway!	This was our second long weekend at the Intercontinental this summer. This was over labor day weekend. We arrived very late Friday night and were immediately checked into our Ambassador upgrade which was a large corner, club level room facing the St. Lawrence. It was a lovely, quiet room. The club lounge breakfast had wonderful fruit and berries (as usual) as well as cereals, breads and muffins. The afternoon service included wine and cheese and a small selection of hot and cold dishes. It was a relaxing break.We utilized concierge services which were very helpful and valet services for our car, also on point.The area around the hotel has changed so much over the last few years and I find it much more in the center of things. I think that we are pretty demanding travelers who have enjoyed staying in some of the top hotels in the world and while the Intercontinental in Montreal is not in THAT category, it is an excellent hotel in a wonderful area.	
Sep 6 2007 	Had a great stay	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights and were very happy with our choice. We reserved a room with a king size bed and felt that the room was a good size, everything was very clean and modern, and it had a nice bathroom with a separate shower and bathtub. We were in room 1806 and had a nice view of the harbour and a bit of downtown. I’d caution anyone staying on this side of the building because they’re in the process of building something across the street and as we were checking in, a couple were complaining about the noise and asked to be moved. Luckily there wasn’t any construction while we were there but hopefully being on the 18th floor we wouldn’t have heard much. (After over hearing the complaint we asked to be on a different side of the building which they couldn’t accommodate but they did move us to a higher floor to hopefully escape any noise.)The location was nice as it’s very close to Old Montreal but only a short walk to St. Catherine street.I read a previous review that the person’s room was charged for something that didn’t apply to them. Our room was charged for a buffet breakfast that wasn’t ours (which they removed after confirming the mix up with the restaurant) and we over heard another guest explaining that they hadn’t taken anything out of the mini bar which had been charged to their room. A minor inconvenience but it seems to happen quite often at this hotel!The staff was very polite, the room was very clean and spacious, we liked the location and would definitely stay here again. Well worth the $133 we paid for a 5 star hotel.	
Sep 3 2007 	Great Stay in montreal	I stayed here with my wife and 1 year old son, the hotel is located right beside Old Montreal like 200 meters away and also right by downtown for shopping and the best restaurants, we walked the whole weekend, the lobby is very nice but located on the second floor with an escalator this could be a problem with a baby stroller or people with disabilities, we asked for another way down and they gave us a special key and a guided tour of how to use it . I was very impressed with the service we received I would recommend using the valet parking, there's something about just dropping you car off at the front door and taking you belongings and thats it, when you need you car again you call and its there $26 per day no limits in or out, no hidden costs, because i've heard about the hidden cost of self parking which is $19 and you can't leave or you'll be charged another fee, by the way the hotel doesn't run the parking lot, The porter that helped us with are bags was very helpful and pleasant, also the front staff was also good.. so to sum it all up highly recommend hotel, if you want cheap go to a cheap hotel this is a high class hotel for high class people (I'm not, I just pretend on my holidays)	
Sep 1 2007 	Nothing Special Disappointed	We looked forward to this hotel even after the bad reviews. As an Ambassador I am guaranteed a room upgrade upon checkin and we were given a suite. Entering the suite we almost needed a gas mask as the room reeked of smoke, we had specified a month ago for a non smoking room. The front desk then pushed us back into our original club room that we had booked with no explanation for an upgrade the next day perhaps.The club lounge was closed on Saturday, we arrived friday night. Upon asking front desk they advised that since someone called in sick they had to close the lounge. That is a manegement issue right here. We were then allowed to have breakfast in the restaurant.No greetings by the doormen or front desk each time you entered or exited the hote. Overall not a pleasant stay. I would highly recommend the Fairmont Hotel in Montreal. An excellent location right above the VIA rail train station and close to everything downtown.	
Aug 28 2007	Pleased with the Experience Would recommend	My wife and I traveled from Boston to Montreal for our 1-year anniversary and stayed at the Intercontinental Montreal. I booked the room using priceline and was pleased with the price. I'd noticed the reviews here for the most part all agreed about the quality of the rooms, but complaints when they came were directed at customer service and staff. We were pleased with the customer service and only a few minor points prevent me from giving our experience 5 stars.We arrived just barely after 3 p.m. (check in time), left our car parked out front in the 15 min unloading area, and proceeded to the reception area. There were about 3 or 4 people waiting in line ahead of us, but it moved rather quickly. Once up front, we were informed that our request (via email) had been honored as we were upgraded to a corner room, non-smoking, king size bed, on the 13th floor. However, the room was not ready just yet. I asked how long it would be, a call was made, but the answer was not clear right away. We were given 2 drink vouchers and told we could go to the bar and relax until the room was ready. So I complained none. We unloaded our bags to have them held for us until the room was ready, and I parked the car in the garage beneath the hotel ($19/day). By the time I got back (10 mins perhaps), our room was ready. We went ahead and used our free drink and let them hold the bags a little longer.The room was great, spacious, well-laid out, nice large bathroom. One note I didn't see explained anywhere, the TV volume is piped into the bathroom (kind of neat)- so there was a switch which said something about audio in the bathroom. It took me a couple of days to figure out what this was about, and I only did because I moved the TV a bit, and loosened the output cable, which somehow caused the TV audio not to work anywhere, as it was not completely detached. I couldn't figure it out right away and called to have someone come look at it. After about 30 minutes of waiting, I gave it another good look and figured it out (I didn't expect any audio out on this little TV, and saw no speakers anywhere that the audio would be going to)-- so I called and let them know I'd fixed it myself. Another negative note on the room, there is a thermostat, but as far as we could tell, it did nothing. It remained 72 degrees the entire time-- which is a comfortable temperature, but I'd like it just a bit cooler for sleeping (after the first night I slept without any covers). We tried turning it all the way down, and it did run all night, but apparently just put out more 72 degree air. After the first night and it had not cooled down, I made a call to have someone look at that. When we got back at the end of the day, a bottle of evian had been left for us, but the temperature remained the same (I guess the water was to keep us cool?). I decided it wasn't worth getting up in arms about, as like I said, it was quite comfortable so long as you didn't try to get under the covers. As far as this is concerned for the staff, a note of some sort would have been nice (or a voice message) to explain someone had looked at it, but they were unable to fix it because...Another positive on the customer service, we were pleasantly surprised by some chocolate covered strawberries arriving at our room on our first night there. These came with a note welcoming us to montreal. The concierge was helpful to a point, and gave us a recommendation (and made reservations) for a restaurant to celebrate our anniversary-- Bonaparte, which was quite good, albeit occupied almost entirely by Americans as far as we could tell. We later asked about a restaurant called Savannah which had a positive review in our guidebook. The concierge didn't have a menu for them (what we were actually looking for) and couldn't tell us any more. On Sunday we got to the location and realized it no longer existed-- perhaps why the concierge didn't have any idea about it.. I imagine a really exceptional concierge would have been able to tell us that with a little phone book/internet searching.I was just a tad annoyed about the garage situation-- I asked the bell hops about the costs, they knew it was $19/day, but didn't seem to know exactly how it worked (and if there was signage in the garage I missed it)-- they sort of told me that it really was unrelated to the hotel, effectively, but were saying the $19/day was based on some time of day, not on an actual 24 hr clock. i.e. if I parked Thursday at 4, and got my car out on Saturday at 3, thus being parked for a total of 47 hours, I might have been charged $57, rather than $38, due to being past some time. most other garages in the area charge something on the order of $3.50 for a half hour, or $14 up to 12 hours, or $17 for up to 24 hours (and as such seem to actually work on the 24 hr clock). In retrospect I'd recommend parking across the street in a $17/day garage, you unload your things at the curb anyway, and the walk from that garage is probably about the same as the one which is directly beneath the hotel. Of course, it's only $2 per day, so whatever. However it worked, i did park my car Thursday at 4, and took it out Sunday morning (meters don't charge on Sunday until 1 p.m.), and the total cost was $57. Ah, before I forget while I'm complaining about things, I was disappointed in glancing through the welcome packet of stuff on the desk to see that there were prices shown for toiletry items you forgot. This is my first trip to Canada so I have no idea if this is more of a different country kind of thing. It's along the same lines as the internet. Why is it I can stay at a cheap holiday inn which offers free wireless internet and will give me a toothbrush if I need it, but when you stay at a fancy 4* hotel, the internet is $20/day (I forget the actual cost) and a toothbrush will cost you $2.50? (I remembered my essentials, so it didn't really effect me, would have loved free wifi though)Oh, and another complaint (I don't believe in short reviews)-- on Saturday, my wife and I left our room at about 11:45 to meet friends for lunch. I'd gone downstairs to get something from my car earlier and passed a housekeeper who asked if she could clean our room yet (do not disturb sign was on)-- I told her no, but we'd be gone in an hour. We were only at lunch for an hour and a half or so, and then came back to the room with our friends for just a minute. Our room had not been touched at that point. After about 15 minutes our friends left and we walked them out. When we returned to our room, our dirty wine glasses from the night before had been removed, replaced with clean ones, nothing else done. We got ready to go back out and were gone another 10 minutes later and for the next several hours, coming back around 6:00, and still nothing different to our room. I should definitely point out we took the do not disturb off of our door when we left at 11:45. I'm not sure if the in and out was part of the problem, or if there is a time after which housekeeping will no longer do anything (but remember, they came in and gave us new wine glasses), but it seems there were definitely windows of opportunity there. We called before leaving for dinner and requested some fresh towels at least, which were provided. Really not a huge complaint, just one of those little things to keep it from being a perfect experience. The location of the hotel was quite good, and we walked to most things and took the metro to a couple others. Hopefully the complaints of the email won't outweigh the postiives-- as we were quite pleased with the experience and would definitely stay at this hotel again and recommend it to friends, but of course it's sometimes easier to harp on the little nagging things than rave about the good things. hope this helps others...	
Aug 27 2007 	very bad service	1) we didnt get what we requested2) we were nickel-and-dimed by the hotel for an extra $703) the room was small and uncomfortable4) manager was nasty to us5) overall bad service (long check-in lines etc)on the plus side it is in a good location and we had plenty of towels.I stayed at this hotel for two nights in Aug 07. We got a great deal on priceline for US$85 dollars a night. We had requested a room with two beds because my friend and I cannot sleep in the same bed (for reasons I wont mention in this review). When we checked in we were informed that the only available rooms had king size beds with only 1 bed per room and that if we wanted an extra cot to be brought to the room it would be $35 dollars per night. We were ok with having a cot brought in--I mean its a good compromise but we were NOT ok with being charged an additional $35 per night or with the nasty attitude the manager had. He repeated 3 or 4 times in the conversation that there was nothing he could do about the extra charge because we booked on priceline. It just reinfored the double standard they use for treating guests who have discounted room rates versus guests who pay full price. I would certainly never return to this hotel.-Dina K, New York, NY	
Aug 25 2007 	Well Worth It !!!!	The location is just perfect, the customer service is prime and if you book it via Priceline you will save a ton. A great stay even at full price, highly recommended!	
Aug 25 2007 	Beautiful Hotel but felt "nickeled and dimed"	I came to Montreal for business and was impressed right away with the location and the room I was given. The room was clean, well laid out, with lots of space and a very large bathroom. I was in a corner room, and had fantastic views.I travel extensively with my job and this hotel did not cater to people who require business access. Internet was an additional $14.50 a day (which I did not know before I had booked this hotel), and I was not able to get logged in successfully. I found room service to be quite overpriced and not a good value either.Because of the feeling that this hotel was overpriced for what I required, I called the travel agent to move me to another hotel. When I checked out, I was charged a $100 early check out fee, which is ironic since the reason I was leaving is the feeling of being &quot;nickeled and dimed&quot;.If I was here on vacation, I probably would have stayed... however, as a business traveller, the other hotel that I was moved to was similarily priced, however provided much more of what I required (internet included, breakfast included and even a bottle of water each night)	
Aug 24 2007 	Great Convention Center Location	I stayed at this property while attending a tradeshow. Great location to the convention center and I loved the little park in front of the hotel..nice to sit on the bench during breaks or eat lunch. There were several restaurants within walking distance and it was very close to Notre Dame and the Old City area. My room was in a corner and was very large, I also had great views!	
Aug 19 2007 	Nice Hotel w/a Convenient Location	This was our first trip to Montreal and was planned to celebrate our anniversary. As loyalty program members, we called the hotel in advance to request an upgrade and to make some dinner reservations. We only received the standard Ambassador's Club upgrade to a club room but it was well located w/ a view of the St. Lawrence. The room was large with a king bed, chair, bench and large armoire w/TV. There was a safe in one of the nightstands. The closet was large w/plenty of hangers. The large bath had a separate shower and large vanity and adjacent shelf so there was plenty of room for our toiletries. Towels and linens were high quality. The hotel also provides all kinds of bath products including Qtips, razor, toothbrush and paste, etc. We found this hotel to be very conveniently located w/in walking distance to Vieux Montreal. There was also a Metro station in the building. The lobby was attractive and the staff all helpful and friendly, providing directions and hints. We were given a confirmation packet w/our dinner reservations upon check in. Adjacent to the hotel was a small shopping area with a coffee shop, store for snacks, water, etc and some fast food places. We chose to self-park and the garage below the hotel was $19 per day. Overall a great place to stay and convenient to many of the sites of Montreal.	
Aug 18 2007 	Hotel InterContinental- Great location	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel InterContinental Montreal for our honeymoon. This hotel has a great location on the edge of Vieux (Old) Montreal, across the street from the convention center. The hotel was very clean and the staff was very attentive to our needs. All hotel staff addressed you first in French followed by English giving you the option to respond in the language you preferred. Our room was beautiful; we had a corner room with a good view of the city. There are no rooms below the 10th floor, so everyone gets a great view. My wife found the bed very comfortable, although I found it a bit stiff. The restaurants found in this hotel are very expensive, although lower cost dining options are within a few minutes walk. There is a great breakfast restaurant called Nouveau Notre Dame on Rue Notre Dame (you can have two full breakfasts for under 10 CAD). The only frustrating thing about this hotel is the fact it has a very small pool and lacks a whirlpool. The swimming pool is designed exclusively for lap swimming and should just be considered part of the gym, not somewhere to relax. My wife and I do look forward to visiting this hotel again to &quot;relive&quot; our honeymoon.	
Aug 9 2007 	Excellent value and location	We just spent for four nights and were quite pleased.I received the hotel in response to Priceline bid, but we were never treated with anything less than first class service and attention.The check in staff were friendly and helpful, actually switching me to a different room to allow a slightly early check in. Our 19th floor room was large and comfortable with an excellent view of the river and parts of Old Montreal.There is an attached mall (closes early however) with a food court and restaurants. It's a short walk to the Notre Dame and basically anything in the old port. Towards downtown, it's a bit uphill, but walkable to St Catherine's Street and much shopping and entertainment. We found that much of what we wanted to see was very close and walkable from the hotel.For the more distant sites, we booked a Grey Line Tour through the concierge and visited the Olympic Stadium, Botanical Gardens and the Mont Royal in a single day.The hotel was an excellent value, great location and friendly staffed. I would return anytime.	
Aug 7 2007 	Decent stay	We spent one night at the Intercontinental in Montreal on our way to Quebec City from Toronto and at $155CAD per night, we were pleased (until we found out other travelers paid half as much!) Regardless of the room rate, we found the room to be quite spacious, big enough for a king sized bed, sofa, armoire, and desk. We had a view of the hole next door where the new Westin is being built, but thankfully we couldn’t tell you if any construction went on during our stay because it was blissfully quiet. The bed was on the softer side (not the best support for two people with back problems), the linens were soft and the down comforter fluffy and light. The poorly-lit bathroom was also large, with a separate shower stall and bathtub. The grout in the corners of the bathroom probably could have used a good scrubbing and the showerhead needed to be decalcified as the spray was a little wild; the temperature and pressure was great though. The hotel was conveniently within walking distance to St. Catherine, and across the street from Toque where we had dinner (highly recommended).	
Jul 27 2007 	Great Hotel Great Service Great Room	We got this room through Priceline for $100. It was an amazing room on the 23rd floor with a view of the Notre Dame Cathedral, Port and Champlain Bridge. Service was great, from check-in, to room service, to check-out and the bell/valet. It was a very pleasant stay, and I would DEFINATELY stay here again, and even be willing to pay full price ;-)	
Jul 23 2007 	Great Price for Excellent Hotel July 20-22	I booked this hotel through priceline.com and was pleasantly surprised by the $85US rate that was accepted by this hotel. I had not stayed here before, and given my experience, I would both recommend it and return on a future visit. It is conveniently located close to Old Montreal. We walked to Notre Dame and the waterfront. My Wife and I went with two friends for the Just for Laughs Festival, and this was an ideal place for us to be. The rooms were spacious, clean with enormous bathrooms with both a tub and separate enclosed shower. All the amenities were provided and the bed was very comfortable. Linens and pillows were better than average. The only small quip would be the small tv, however we were not in Montreal to watch tv in our room. We had a very helpful concierge (Valery), who recommended a very good bistro not far away for dinner (Holder) which we enjoyed. Having read reviews previously, I parked across the street rather than at the hotel. Not sure if it saved any money at $14 a night there as opposed to the hotel. We walked to the very good Eggs-spectations for breakfast just two blocks away. Our friends had one bad experience of their room being left alone by housekeeping until the late afternoon, when we had returned from walking around and they were stuck without being able to relax. That was a disappointment but not for our room. Housekeeping staff should complete their task long before check-in time around 3PM you would think. Otherwise a hotel that I recommend. Enjoy your travels to Montreal!!	
Jul 8 2007 	Convenient and comfortable!	We stayed here from July 4th to 7th. Our standard room was spacious, more than comfortable and clean. It wasn't quite luxurious but it had a wonderful bed in a nice, updated and neutral decor.The bathroom was fine - lots of hot water and decent pressure.The location was very convenient - it connects to the metro and is only a couple of blocks from Old Montreal.There is shopping underground in the attached Montreal Trade Center - and a nice coffee shop that my husband got coffee, pastries, and yogurt from for our breakfast (beats room service!)We fould the concierge very helpful - they got us tickets to museum exhibits as well as a soccer game. One male concierge gave us incorrect instructions on which metro stop to use when finding Schwartz's deli. We ended up walking 15 blocks when we were already kind of beat but that seems a very minor complaint.	
Jul 5 2007 	Lovely comfortable and convenient hotel!	We stayed at the InterContinental Montreal for 3 nights. The trip was for both business and pleasure. We booked through Priceline and ended up with one of the really inexpensive rates. They are one of the hotels who still takes your Priority number and gives you credit for the stay...even if you book through Priceline, Expedia, etc. I always appreciate that.We arrived very late on a Friday night. My boyfriend had requested a room on a high floor. They originally had us booked into a room on the 11th floor, but the front desk was very accommodating and moved us to 1708. It is a corner room with views of the river and the city. The floor to ceiling window on the main wall is lovely. We looked at both rooms and I must say that the corner rooms are much larger than the traditional rooms and if you can get one---do! The corner rooms have a small sofa that the other rooms don't have.Big note: On the side of the building where you have rooms 1-10...there is a GIANT construction project going on. They are building a W hotel next door. During our stay it was a big hole in the ground with giant crains moving metal poles. On both Saturday and Sunday there was ZERO noise from the site. They were doing small projects, but we did not hear them. I would certainly take note of staying on that side during the week.As previously reviewed, the bathrooms are very spacious. The towels, bathrobes and slippers are very nice. The toiletries provided were of a nice quality. They offer shampoo (no conditioner), soap gel and body lotion. There is an additional box with cotton bads, hair bands, shoe polisher, etc.The decor is typical of the traditional style you would find at most Intercontinentals. The views are very nice and the curtains are the really good kind of black out curtains. You could sleep all day and never know the sun was out. :)The TV is small and you have to work at swiveling it to face the bed. Keep trying...it does turn all the way to face the bed...it just takes some effort. They do have several English stations, including the major US networks out of Plattsburgh, NY. NOTE: It took us a while to find the in-room safe. It is in the nightstand. It is free of charge and big enough to store a laptop.The mini-bar is well stocked, but outrageously overpriced...even for a nice hotel. I travel a lot and it was most expensive I have seen. Example, $27 for a 1/2 bottle of red wine (a brand that normally costs $11-12 dollars for a full bottle in the U.S.) This is coming from someone who usually uses the mini-bar. The hotel does not have a gift shop in it. There is a convenience store two short blocks away that has everything and is easily accessible with extended hours. The beds are on the soft side, but comfortable. The only thing we found odd was the mattress pad, it had plastic on one side...so it sounds like you are sleeping on garbage bags. It is easily removed if this bothers you.The valet was pleasant, speedy and helpful. There did appear to be many parking lots in the area, that offered cheaper rates. They are a short walk from the hotel. The area seemed quite safe even late at night. We found the concierge to be extremely helpful. They indulged us with many restaurant ideas. A great plus it that they have a full book of all of the local menus. Their maps and directions were terrific. I know many people said they were unhappy with the customer service, but I must say that this was not our experience. From the valet, to the front desk to the concierge...everyone was very helpful.The best part about the hotel is the location. It is a short walk from Old Montreal. There are many really great restaurants within walking distance. Everyone talks about Eggspectation that is around the block. The name might be corny, but the breakfast is really good and it is a cute restaurant.It is a 20-30 minute cab ride to the airport. The flat rate is $35.00. There are plenty of cabs in front of the hotel from early in the morning until late in the evening.	
May 25 2007 	Great Location	Won a three night stay at this hotel with a bid of $80 USD. The best thing about this hotel is its proximity to Old Montreal. It's a very short walk to the heart of OM. The rooms are what you would expect from a 4* hotel. On my next visit I will avoid the valet parking as there is plenty of parking nearby for much less than the valet rate.All in all it's a great hotel and the PL rate provided a steal of a deal! I would stay here again.	
Apr 12 2007 	No customer service!	I totally agree with the former reviewer that the Intercontinental staff are rude and aloof. They have no concept of customer service. Last time we stayed there we had numerous errors on our bill and only returned because of the good access to old Montreal. After one night we decided to switch to the Sofitel where the staff were delightful!	
Apr 8 2007	Internet $14/day????	Any hotel that would charge business travellers $14/day for internet doesn't deserve our business. They also charged us for mini-bar we didn't use	
Apr 4 2007 	Good Location weak customer service	I spend a lot of time in Montreal on business for stay of a few nights to over 2 weeks. I've logged time at many different Montreal hotels and the Intercontinental is a solid choice for business travelers. The rooms are a decent size as are the baths, but like a number of Montreal hotels, staff is the weak spot. I didn't find them rude so much as indifferent. No cheerful offers of help. No professional attitude. Just sort of, 'It's a job and I'll do it if I have to.' And they are very short on bell staff, so be prepared to manage your own bags. You'll need to go up an escalator to the lobby and reception desk as the hotel occupies the top floors of an office building.I took a large corner room and when the first didn't suit the front desk willingly changed my room. Room service was exceptionally expensive, but good and arrived hot, and the bar and restaurant both had good food, far better than the usual hotel fare in Montreal. Dinner in the main restaurant was around $100/pp with one glass of wine. Breakfast was good but service then was rather haphazard. Bar service was prompt and the drinks good. The limited lunch menu was good and food hot and served promptly. Phone calls using a pre-paid calling card still resulted in a charge. What is it with hotels and all these stupid little add on charges? It's a very annoying trend.The bed slept hot. The work desk was uncomfortable, but with wi-fi I was able to work on the loveseat. The TV was not the 25&quot; indicated, but a little 19&quot; model at least 15 years old.Bathroom was large, but the shower stall really tiny. It had a separate heating system. The room thermostat was more decorative than useful. The location is really good in summer months when getting into Old Montreal would be easy, but I was there when a snow storm hit and walking around was a pain. The hotel does sit on a subway stop, but I took a taxi up to St Cathrine's to wander the main shopping area $6-8 each way. The mall adjacent to the hotel operates during business hours Monday to Friday, except for a large clothing store everything was closed by 6PM. There's no place to buy soda or water or any little stuff you may have forgotten once the little drug store closes as the Intercontinental has no 'gift shop' like most hotels.Not Montreal's best, but a solid entry with good rooms well done for business travelers looking for a 4* level hotel. Better than the Sheraton or Marriott Chateau Champlain [Marriott has better service but small rooms]. Weekend visitors - maid service on weekends is LATE [looked to be about half staff] in the day, so be prepared.	
Mar 30 2007 	Great time at the Intercontinental!	I stayed last weekend at the Intercontinental and had a wonderful time! As to other people's comments, the staff was very pleasant and nothing extra was charged to my credit card in error. The room was very large and bathroom was completely luxorious!! (It was almost the same size as my studio apartment in NYC!) My boyfriend also took advantage of the indoor pool which was very nice as well. The location of the hotel is great for sight seeing in old Montreal - it was about a block away from the Notre Dame and not that far from the main shopping area. Overall, it was a great experience and I would recommend to all! +++	
Feb 16 2007 	Rude Staff and Check Your Bill	I am a regular traveller to Montreal and found the Intercontinental Hotel to be tired and the staff totally unprofessional and lacking in basic customer service skills. Also make sure you check your bill. When I stayed there with other business associates we all had errors in our bills which the staff disputed and charged to our credit cards after check-out. There are plenty of other options in the city.	
Jan 31 2007	Terrific Stay	We recently stayed at the Intercontinental on a cold Montreal weekend. However, the hotel provided us with a warm and cozy experience. Based upon some recent comments (and a previous stay there) we were prepared for a nice hotel and bad service. We were wrong on the latter. The staff was warm, gracious and efficient. Check-in and check out took about 5 minutes in total. Our requests for a room with a king-size bed and non-smoking were honored. The room was spacious and the bathroom was immaculate and plush. The bed was extremely comfortable. The bar area was fun with good drinks and reasonable prices. Although we did not eat at the hotel, we were offered a coupon for a 10% discount at dinner. The proximity to Old Montreal is great; less than 10 minutes to St. Paul Street. Even the walk to the main shopping areas on Crescent Street took less than 30 minutes, and with all the new underground connections you don't even have to go outside until you get there. And, the Metro is accessible from the shopping mall that is adjacent to the hotel. These are nice touches on those cold Montreal days. Based upon our stay at the Intercontinental, we will look for their specials for our future trips to Montreal. It appears that the management of the Intercontinental heard the complaints about service and decided to take them seriously. We had a wonderful stay.	
Jan 18 2007 	fantastic place	I was hesitant about staying here after reading some of the negative reviews, but was pleasantly surprised upon arrival. I stayed there for a week for a conference, and enjoyed every minute of my stay there. The room was nicely decorated and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was almost as large as the bedroom and very luxurious. The major complaint that the staff was rude was not to be seen - they were very helpful and accomodating. The bar staff were very kind with directions and suggestions on places to see and eat at. Veronica was especially helpful. The main restaurant was, as reported elsewhere, expensive, but the food was worth it. It's a great hotel in a great area. After staying in many hotels throughout the world, this one is definitely in my top three, and I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Jan 15 2007 	great hotel for visting old montreal	The Intercontinental is located at the edge of Old Montreal on a road which is easily accessible from expressways. It is a short walk to Old Montreal, but you are not in the middle of all the noise and commotion that you get on weekends. Hotel is nicely furnished, with excellent rooms. Food is excellent, Sunday brunch is very nice. You can generally get a good nightly rate. Parking is pricey, but you could use another garage nearby if you wish.	
Jan 2 2007 	Ideal for a relaxing getaway	I booked the Intercontinental on Priceline for $70 USD per night, which is a steal given the location and lovely accomodations. If you prefer staying adjacent to Rue Saint Catherine or Rue Crescent, then a more downtown hotel might be preferable. Walking to the above streets takes approximately 15-20 minutes, while Vieux Montreal (old montreal) is a meager 5 minutes. Upon arrival, the valet ($26 CAD/night) was efficient and he sent our bags up to the room while we checked in. The check-in was a bit slow, but conducted in a friendly enough manner. The concierge was able to recommend a few nice restaurants in Vieux Montreal and she took the time to give us directions and a map. The room service was very quick, both for a late-night snack and for cafe au lait in the morning. The TV was programmed with a great deal of english speaking stations, which was a nice surprise--pay per view movies are $14.99 CAD. 24 hours of internet access (either via hookup or through the TV) is $13.99 CAD. We had a Deluxe room which I suspect is a bit larger than a standard, and came with all of the expected amenities, including a safe, mini-bar, coffee maker, hairdryer, robes, etc. The bathroom was VERY spacious, even by american standards, and done entirely in marble. I also liked the seperate shower and bathtub. The room itself was pristine (I am extremely critical regarding cleanliness of hotel rooms), and the bed linens were crisp and comfortable. The mattress itself was rather firm, but was covered in a featherbed, which was a nice touch. While we dined mostly outside of the hotel, we did have one meal at the hotel bar/piano lounge, Le Cristallin. The bartender was gracious, and the food was surprisingly delicious, with an elegant presentation. As a side note, our favorite dinner occurred in Vieux Montreal at Mondavie, a restaurant with live jazz and an extensive wine cellar. They offered a Table d'Hote 3 course prix fixe meal that was to die for at $30 CAD---highly recommend! A cab ride to the Casino Montreal costs roughly $15 CAD and the Casino should not be missed! It is non-smoking and is elegant....I had a fantastic time, despite being a non-gambler and normally disliking casinos. In conclusion, I would certainly return to the Intercontinental and would encourage others to stay, especially for a discounted rate.	
Dec 24 2006 	Nice hotel staff a little sub-par good location.	I stayed at the InterContinental two nights to participate in a marathon in Montreal. The location is in the business center and around the corner from the W. Down the hill from the main shopping/nightlife strip. The hotel is adjacent/connected to a mini indoor mall (closed on weekends) and Metro station. I liked the accomodations including the lobby, and spacious rooms (excellent size bathroom). My room was corner room and only defect was a burnt out bulb in the bathromo - it was an otherwise perfect room. Bed/mattress was extremely comfortable.Some things I dislike - charge for Internet access (average for 4* hotels) and the staff. The front desk did not have urgency while seeing customers wait online, and concierge was simply awful! I waited 5-10 minutes while a conceierge women was on the phone and walked away. Later a different gentleman couldn't find a roadmap to assist me with directions. If they could improve some of their staff - I would say this is an EXCELLENT location but I'd rather stay at a few other hotels in Montreal because they seem to care about their guest.	
Dec 15 2006 	Good Accommodation and Convenience	We stayed at this hotel during the recent Thanksgiving weekend (11/22--11/25/06). We selected this hotel because of its walking convenience to the old city (about 5 minutes) as well as to the downtown shopping district (about 15 minutes). It was also easy to find for someone not familiar with this city. The hotel room was nicely furnished, clean, quiet, and the king sized bed was quite comfortable. The desk service was prompt but not overly friendly, while the concierge was quite helpful regarding directions and planning. The parking garage was under the hotel, and you can park your own car there and save the valet fee. Directly connected to the hotel is a small covered shopping and office area with a bureau de change and some small restaurants, one of which had excellent coffee and pastry for a quick breakfast. We would definitely choose this hotel again when we return to Monreal.	
Nov 28 2006	nice hotel -- service needs some polish	Intercontinental is the top hotel brand in the hotel company that includes the Holiday Inn Chain. I would expect the level of service to be at the same level of the other top hotel brands in other chains -- Ritz Carlton, St Regis, Conrad. I found the service at this hotel below that level. It started when I arrived and there was nobody out front to assist with the car and the luggage. This is a hotel in an urban location with nowhere immediately in front to leave the car for any length of time.. especially considering that the front desk for the hotel is not just inside the door, but up on the second floor. I had to go inside the hotel to find someone to assist me. Once I had checked in and gone to my room, it took over a half hour for my luggage to arrive in my room. Later in my stay I took postcards down to the front desk to be mailed. Instead of the front desk clerk (who was not busy at the time) just taking them and seeing they got to the right place, told me i had to go across the lobby and ring the bell at the conceirge desk and wait for her to help me. It's a little thing, but making the guest do all of the work, is not providing good customer service in any business -- certianly not one at this level. Service at breakfast in the restaurant was very sad. Normally, I don't do breakfast buffets, but it was included in the package at the rate I booked. So put the coupon on the table and went to serve myself. There appeared to be an omlette station set up but nobody was staffing it during the entire time i was in the restaurant. I returned to the table and still there was no sign of the server. I had been seated at a table with my back to the entire restaurant so it wasn't easy to spot a server...which actually isn't my job, it's the server's job to spot me. The server appeared at my table only once and that was to ask if I wanted coffee. When I told her &quot;no thanks&quot; i never saw her again. I got tired of waiting for her to bring me a check, so I just left the breakfast coupon on the table and left. Although I had complimentary breakfast the rest of my stay I did not return.Service at Dinner in the restaurant was the only bright spot at this hotel. Both nights I was waited on by Jean-Francois who was very knowledgeable and attentive. He has been a server there for 15 years and made for two very enjoyable dinners. Dinner hit all the right service points from the amuse bouche all the way through to the little mini creme brulee with the check. All of the dishes I ordered tasted great and had nice presentations. The building has a small footprint and is connected to other buildings by a tall thin atrium. Rooms are all above the 10th floor. My room was on the 22nd floor and although it was immediately off the elevator area, I never heard the elevators &quot;ping&quot; nor did I hear any activity in the hallway.My room (2204) was nicely appointed and had a large window with a nice view of eastern Montreal and a partial view of the river. The bathroom had a separate corner shower and a tub as well. The bed was very comfortable and the bath had very large soft towels. I didn't see anything wrong with my room except that the desk faced the wall putting my back to the room and the view out the window. I move desks around a lot in hotel rooms to I can work on the computer and not stare at the wall. It's a very nice hotel in a good location but for a hotel of their class and room rate, they need to polish up their service skills of their associates.	
Oct 22 2006 	Disappointed with the service at the InterContinental	We went to Montreal for a quick one night get-away without the kids. The reception desk performance was sub-par. I had to wait and listen to four representatives argue with an unhappy customer for about 10 minutes. During check out the staff was overwhelmed with six customers and I left after 10 minutes with no movement in the line. The hotel is in a great location, we walked to great restaurants and attractions. The room was small but comfortable with a great view. The dry bar items for sale had an opened and eaten item that had must have been missed by the maid. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was nicely laid out and furnished, however, mold and mildewed grout (black spots) in the shower and a cracked sink are unacceptable. We will try another hotel next time	
Oct 12 2006 	Fabulous property with lovely quiet rooms	My partner and I departed the Loews Hotel Vogue (which many reviewers seem to prefer) because the hotel sits in the bar district and has single-paned windows. (Management acknowledges the problem and an upgrade next year.) Guests are now treated to yelling, singing, etc. at closing time -- 3 a.m. apparently on weekends.We moved to the Intercontinental based upon travel guide reviews and also those of our friends who are native to the city. What a great hotel! Rooms are lovely and large and especially quiet. By calling the hotel, we received a special package, including a high-floor room with view and full American breakfast buffet for $30 CAD less than the Vogue.It is true the Vogue is charming, but if you want it all -- service, location, and quiet, the Intercontinental is the way to go!We would stay there again!	
Oct 11 2006 	Top Shelf with a Low Price	I recently spent 3 nights at the InterContinental Montreal over Columbus Day/Canadian Thanksgiving Week-End and I was very inpressed for the price ($140CA-AAA Rate) The locate is perfect to explore Old Montreal. It is in the Financial District, so it is quiet on the week-end. It's a minor walk to St Catherine's St. as well. The elevators are super fast. The rooms are very upscale with Crown Molding, but the bathroom is superb. Seperate bath and shower. My wife loved that. We had a great city view with the park below. The hotel is so quiet. You will not have trouble sleeping, but you will need to enjoy feather beds, duvet and pillows. We had a mini party in our roon, but you could not hear us at all in the hall. The front desk staff was very nice and helpful. The lap pool is very nice, but there was a bunch of construction stuff on the outdoor deck. I believe they were doing some work to the hotel.My only draw back is that the maid did not vaccum for the 3 days were were there. The bath and beds were well taken care of, but I like a nice clean carpet ever day. Not sure if I would say 5 Star, but 4 and a half. This was our 10th trip to Montreal and we will be back to the IC for sure.	
Oct 7 2006 	Nice Hotel - Poor Service	I stayed at the Intercontinental for a week at the end of September 2006 while attending a conference at the Palais De Congress (Across the street). I have a mixed review of this hotel. The room, facility, healthclub were all very nice. My reservation about this hotel was in regards to my 'reservation.' I had called to make the reservation months ahead of time. There was a conference rate and it was reasonable. I reserved a NON-SMOKING room. Upon arriving around 10:30 pm the night of my reservation, I was given room 2020. Twentieth floor, nice view, nice amenities. But, it was a smoking room and reeked of stale cigarettes. Upon returning to the desk to ask for a room change, I was bruskly told...&quot;We are fully booked tonight and we do not garuntee non-smoking rooms.&quot; WHAT?!?! What was the point of making a reservation months in advance?!?! I was given no sympathy and no options other than changing rooms the next morning. They offered to open a window for me. That's all. As it was late and I figured all the area hotels were booked because of the conference I was attending, I stayed in that room for the night. Nothing like having stale smoke in your bed when you lay your head down at night and in the morning I reeked. When I went down the next morning, the new desk staff were not eager to change my room. I had to insist. They offered no amends for the error. When I got a new room on a non-smoking floor it was nice and I was fine with it, and the housekeeping service. But be aware that the front desk and concierge staff are a cold bunch.	
Oct 1 2006 	4 star sorta	This trip was a getaway from the normal hectic life of nyc, so we decided to book a last minute wknd trip to montreal. Overall, the hotel is nice, it's got a nice lobby, room is ok. Staff is alright, nothing too great. this is definitely a business style hotel, nothing really romantic about it, you are right by old montreal so that's nice.	
Sep 28 2006 	Nice but not 5 stars	The InterContinental hotel is a nice place to stay, with a great location, especially if you are attending a meeting at the convention center (which is right across the street). The room my husband and I had was spacious, with a nice, comfy bed. The bathroom was also spacious, with a separate shower and bath. Robes were provided, which is always a plus. The staff were friendly enough, we had no problems there. The food was average, but overpriced. The reason I think this hotel does not live up to it's 5 star rating is that they charge for every extra (tea in the room, internet access). The pool is very small, but the remainder of the spa amenities (including the massage and sauna) were nice. Overall, I would stay here again, but wouldn't pay full price. Try to find a deal (check Montreal's official tourism website or Priceline).	
Sep 11 2006 	A Great Stay at the IC-M	I stayed here for 6 nights at the end of August, and enjoyed my stay. I had a great rate on Priceline -- $90 a night, with the usual fees etc. bringing it up to about $100. The room -- 1804 -- appeared to be one of the smaller rooms on the floor, but it was fine for me. Very nice view to the southeast, the river and the island and hills on the horizon. The bed was enormous and very comfortable, there was a good desk space, and the armchair was one of the best I have ever sat in. The bathroom is large and well laid out, with good quality toiletries -- The White Company, London, and Green Tea. The cleaning staff are terrific. I especially appreciated having the room made up before I returned early in the afternoon for a nap each day. There are two high speed cable internet options -- a daily rate of $14.95 and a weekly rate of $75.00 for unlimited use. I chose the latter. The connecting cord snakes through the lamp on the desk, along with a telephone connection in case you want to use a telephone modem, though with hotel phone rates what they are, I cannot imagine anyone with a modern computer wanting to do that. Two small downsides, neither major. 1) There was no room ready when I arrived at around 11:30 am, and so left the luggage with the bellmen at the entrance. The woman at the reception desk was efficient but not very friendly. But I returned when she suggested and got the room I was so happy with, and she warmed up as the week went on. 2) I had a drink and a not very interesting pasta light meal in the bar off the lobby, which were predictably overpriced. I would not recommend the food there.The comments of other posters about location are true. The metro stations are a bit of a hike, but not a problem. The Metro has a 3 day pass for 17$, well worth it. There is a weekly pass, but it runs from Monday to Sunday and is not date-flexible, for just a little bit more. I got it for the second half of my stay and gave it to a friend when I left. The &quot;underground city&quot; tunnels are accessible without going outside, which I imagine would be helpful in the wintertime. I did not have the hotel breakfast, but then I almost never do anywhere. Eggspectations is as good as everyone says it is.Restaurant recommendation: Brunoise, 3807 St.-Andre. Terrific nouvelle-style cuisine, very inventive mixture of flavors.I would heartily recommend this hotel to anyone if you can get a good price.	
Sep 4 2006 	Nice hotel awkward location	Spent three nights at this hotel over the 2006 Labour Day weekend at a great rate from Priceline. Hotel was well appointed, clean and equipped with all the modern conveniences. The bathroom was especially nice, with a separate shower stall and bathtub. King size bed sported a a very nice duvet but was somewhat lumpy and uncomfortable to sleep in. Interesting location in Montreal's recently redeveloped financial district. However, the hotel is not particularly convenient to Montreal's attractions unless you have business at the convention centre or will be spending your entire visit in Old Montreal. Staff was very friendly and attentive. The hotel sits adjoined with some older buildings, connected by a spectacular glass atrium within which stands a peice of the Berlin Wall. A good find if you can get a good price. I find Montreal lacks quality hotels in the mid-range, as most of the city's choices are either very high end, or old and somewhat run down, so this was a refreshing change.	
Sep 1 2006 	Great Hotel	This was our third time in Montreal and our first time at the Intercontinental. It was a very nice hotel. Check-in was easy and it was easy to find. We valet parked our car to the tune of $26 a day, but that was easy and efficient.We were on the 22 floor and our room was bigger than average. The bed was great and the bathroom had a stand-up shower and a bathtub.I didn't eat at the restaurant. I did have drinks at the lobby bar and a bar called Chez Plume by the conference rooms. Both were comfortable places and excellent service.Previous posters had talked about the breakfast being too expensive in the hotel. I wouldn't eat breakfast at four-star hotel and there are some alternatives very close by. One is a little counter in the &quot;courtyard&quot; connected to the hotel on the bottom floor. It looks similar to a food court. You can get bagels and coffee. Another place on the way to Old Montreal is Eggspectations, which is a great place to get breakfast. Also previous posters seem to disagree on if this hotel is in a good location. In my opinion, it is easy to get to Old Montreal, but not so easy to get to the nightlife at Catherine and Crescent. It is close to two metro stops so that really helps to get around. But don’t expect to walk out your hotel and find bars and the nightlife right out your door (it’s a couple of blocks over).I would also be remiss if I didn’t mention the coolest fountain across from the hotel. It incorporates fire at certain times during the evening. Great fun!	
Aug 31 2006 	Great spot in downtown	I was out there on business. I had a great 3 night stay, no complaints. Nice, clean work-out facility, big bathroom with shower stall and bath-tub. Most comfortable King size bed I'd slept in. There wasn't a great view from the window, but wasn't there for the view. It was in walking distance to downtown, shopping places, etc..And if your into famous rock stars, it is located right next too St. James Hotel which is known to have celbs stay there. We actually saw Mariah Carey when we were there; she was playing a concert in Montreal. I'd def. stay there again.	
Aug 17 2006 	Very nice hotel in a nice location	Very much enjoyed my stay at the Intercontinental. First off, the immediate surroundings are quiet (so you'll get a good night's sleep), but it's a nice part of town, close to the Old City and Downtown, a Metro station, &amp; good restaurants, not to mention that the lobby of the RBC building right behind it (conveniently housing a late-night ATM) is a sight to behold in its own right. We didn't use any special services the hotel had on offer, such as the concierge, bellhop, restaurant, etc, though service overall was friendly and accomodating. Do watch out for the incidental; they're plentiful. Local phone calls were a $1.50 each, which was something new to me. The exercise room and pool were mediocre. The bathroom was, however, nice and big, all marble inside with a separate shower and tub, and the beds were extraordinarily comfortable. Although it's apparent the hotel hasn't been recently redone (usually something I usually go for), the overall quality of the building and furniture were a few notches above the norm. Impeccably clean throughout--highly recommended	
Aug 14 2006	Great choice	We stayed at the Intercontential for two nights in late July.  Pros: Great location, easy access to the Metro, and a pleasant walk into the heart of old Montreal. Our hotel package included breakfast both days and it was a delicious buffet wtih an attentive service staff. The 10th floor pool with patio was a nice spot to catch the late afternoon sun. Room accommodations were lovely. Seemed that business and family travelers intermingled easily.Cons: The concierge seemed a bit swamped at times but with patience you could get some good tips on dining and sightseeing.Without a doubt, we would stay here again.	
Aug 9 2006 	Service could have been much better	The hotel is nice looking but upon arrival the bell service did not offer to take our bags and we were told our room would not be ready for 2 1/2 hours. We were then told we could carry our bags down to the bell service station to check them until we were able to check in. When we went back to chek in the desk was very understaffed (as it was every day we were there) and they apparently lost our papers for the room we 'checked in to' earlier. This second process took us about 25 minutes. When we got to our room it was an average looking room. The best thing was the location. Staying in Old Montreal is perfect.	
Aug 5 2006 	Solid Hotel	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 9 nights at the end of July and beginning of August of 2006. This was a great room with lots of extra space on the 24th floor and a small sofa, good sized desk , tall ceilings and comfy lounging chair. One of the best sized rooms I've stayed in Montreal. The decor was nice, not as stylish as say a W or the Le St Germain, but consistent. We were on a club room floor and the breakfast, though just continental, was a nice treat given the high exchange rate and saved us prob $20/ day for breakfast. The afternoon snack was also a nice touch. The towels are big and soft and the bed though a tad soft was very comfy. The location is excellent, you can get to all parts of the city and Old Montreal is right out the back door - it might take a 5minute walk to get to the area by the Basillca, and ten to the plaza but it is quick. The Victoria metro stop is right attached tot he hotel via the enclosed atrium or just a short walk outside. Popressa one block away is a quick little healthy/inexpensive make your own pasta dish place. Major complaints were an odd odor in the Lobby, like someone had used a drity mop to clean the floor, odors in the hallways near our room(not enough to deter another stay), and the snacks at the afternoon snack time went very quickly and it took one guest to get the manager up here to keep it replenished with cheeses and crackers until 7:30pm..All in all I would have been nice if the club room was open all day cosidering how much of an upcharge the do for the room. But considering that at the time, other hotels I had stayed at were charging anywhere from $60-100/more per night. We thought it was a great choice.	
Jul 26 2006	Highly recommend the InterContinental Montreal	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a last-minute romantic getaway and we were very pleased. The service at this hotel is excellent. All of the hotel staff, including the reception desk, concierge, housekeeping, bartenders, waiters, and doormen were very friendly, pleasant, and polite. Everyone greets you with a smile and a “bonjour!” when you walk by. Catherine at the concierge desk helped us plan our daily activities by making recommendations and booking reservations for us. She always had a smile on her face. We don't know what we would have done without her!!! We booked a standard room with a king size bed. The room was extremely comfortable and a lot larger than we expected. It had a small foyer area and closet when you walk in, so you don't walk right into the bed like you do at most hotels. We had a small sitting area with a chaise lounge and a big, comfy chair in front of the armoire that housed the TV. There was also a desk and chair for business travelers, a bench in front of the bed, and 3 phones (one on each side of the bed and the third in the bathroom). The bathroom had marble flooring and countertop. The bed and pillows were VERY comfortable.The hotel is conveniently located in Old Montreal and is within blocks of the main attractions (Notre-Dame Basilica, Old Port, Crescent Street and downtown).We highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning to visit Montreal. This is definitely where we will stay the next time we’re in town.	
Jul 25 2006 	Excellent in every way that matters	Stayed here for 3 nights in July, 2006. The location is fine, not anything more than office buildings outside the door, area was deserted at night but felt safe. A 5-10 minute walk takes you to the old city or St. Catherine St. where you have the typical tourist selections. Taxi layover is right in front of hotel. Check in was quick, there was only one clerk working and was checking someone in. I was the only person waiting, but when a second person walked up the clerk immediately called someone else over to help. I had a &quot;deluxe&quot; room, no view but large, clean and fully stocked with all the requisites, coffee maker, iron etc. The bathroom was large with marble tiles and plenty of towels, even a speaker so you could hear the TV. The concierge was available from 7 am-11pm. Airconditioning was fine and the room was quiet even though the room next to me was occupied with a young child. Make sure you check out the fountain in front of the hotel. There is actually a ring of fire in the fountain that goes off at night. Check the description of the fountain at the northwest edge of the park, if you see the French description walk around to the other side of the pole for English which includes the times the ring of fire appears.All in all, a great experience.	
Jul 1 2006	Outstanding Hotel	This place is excellent! I am well travelled and this Intercontinental really impressed me. Certainly not the cheapest hotel in town, but a bargain for the quality of the room and the service. Everyone here has an excellent attitude. Very good gym, pool, two restaurants and a bar. Little park right out front. On the edge of Old Montreal but with the Square Victoria merto stop connected directly to the hotel through a shopping arcade (very handy in winter, I'd guess). Only negative: very small lobby. No biggie for me. This place is superb--better than many a Ritz Carlton I've stayed at--and not nearly as expensive. You can't go wrong here.	
Jun 11 2006 	Tasteful and attractive hotel	Very nice hotel on the edge of Old Montreal. Public spaces are attractive and tastefully done, and rooms were probably a touch nicer than the standard business hotel in the area. Comfy beds, large bathrooms, and nice fixtures throughout the room. Shower pressure was surprisingly erratic. However, I've found many other Montreal hotels to be slightly dingy, and didn't feel that way about this hotel at all - it was very clean, and everything felt new and modern.Higher floors seem to be the &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms, while the lower floors seem to be the &quot;superior&quot; - other than the view, there's no apparent difference between them. My first room - a lower-floor superior - had an awful view and smelled like smoke. My second room - a deluxe on a higher floor - had a wonderful view of the river. The view is worth the extra $$.The hotel is also connected to an attractive indoor mall / shopping area that seems to be shared by adjacent buildings. However, it seems to be shut down on the weekends, or at least it seemed like it when I was there.Note that this hotel isn't in the heart of Old Montreal, like a few other of the hotels may be. It's on the outskirts, and is really in what's now being called the &quot;International District&quot;. It's not a far walk, but if you're looking to walk out of your hotel into the heart of the old city, this isn't it. I received a rate of $189 for a Thursday night and $135 for a Friday - both in CAD. That's a pretty remarkable rate given the competition's prices and the quality of the hotel. On balance, next time I'm in the area, I'd certainly stay here again, and do recommend it.	
May 28 2006 	Excellent room	Stayed in one of their business rooms. very spaciuos and comfortable has hispeed internet at $14CAD per 24hrs. Bed above average and comfortable. staff friendly and helpful. Taxi fare from Trudeu airport $35CAD.Shopping area about 15min walk away, located nearer the old town though. Definatley stay again.	
May 23 2006 	Very nice hotel!	I stayed at the Intercontinental Montreal from May 13th - 17th, 2006. This was my first trip to Montreal (I was in town for a convention which took place at the convention centre across the street, Palais des Congres de Montreal).I thought this hotel was very nice. Perhaps a bit pretentious but you tend to get that with a high end hotel. The staff were extremely friendly, the restaurant was quite good, my room was very nice (my bed was incredible...I slept very well during my stay!). The piano bar/lounge in the hotel was also quite good. Be sure to try an appletini...it was delicious!Definitely check out Old Montreal, especially the Notre Dame Basilica. It really is incredible! I found Montrealers to be very friendly. I had been concerned that I'd have some difficulties in Montreal as I don't speak French but thankfully everyone that I met was very gracious and switched to English as soon as they realized I was struggling to understand! Being in Montreal truly has a unique feel to it...very unlike the rest of Canada. Montreal is a great place to visit if you want to feel as if you've left Canada without having to travel very far.If attending a convention at the Palais des Congres de Montreal, the location of the Intercontinental is perfect! The hotel is beautiful and I would highly recommend staying there.	
May 10 2006 	Intercontinental was great	I stayed at this hotel April 29-May 5 and had a great experience. I was attending a conference across the street so it was conveniently located and had access to the underground at the back of the hotel which was especially good when it rained. It's on the fringe of Old Montreal which was another plus. The hotel staff, including the concerige were very pleasant and helpful. I was upgraded upon check in and had a room on the 16th floor. The room was large as was the bathroom, although the shower stall was tiny. The bed was extremely comfortable, nice linens, lots of pillows. Bathrobes were provided and the toiletries were plentiful. It was nice to know that the front desk would do a currency exchange without charging extra. The bar off the lobby was very comfortable. I ordered a specialty coffee drink that they were unfamiliar with but they were willing to try it and it turned out better than I've had before. There is a pub restaurant across the back walkway that is part of the hotel and is very good too. This hotel is part of the Montreal World Trade Center complex which is accessable out the back where you can find shops and restaurants including a convenience store, coffee counter and food court. I highly recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay here again.	
May 8 2006 	Sleep well in Montreal	Spent a week staying at the Intercontinental as I was at a conference in the Convention Centre opposite. As I was staying for an extended period, I was given a free upgrade to a deluxe room, which was delightful. One of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in, with wonderful soft mattress topper (I'm going to look for one for my bed at home!), great fluffy meringues of duvets and crisp linen. I don't think I've ever slept better. Room was very large with lots of hanging and drawer space and a very comfortable easy chair with a good reading light next to it. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. As mentioned by other reviews, the hotel is well located, between the old town and the newer shopping areas. But don't be like me and walk around for days, not realizing that there are all these shops underground! Extra bonus for gourmets - the outstanding Toque restaurant is just opposite the hotel. Had a wonderful meal there.	
Apr 7 2006	Had a Very Nice Stay	We stayed at the the Intercontinental Montreal from 4/1 to 4/3 on a short weekend getaway. The hotel was great. The location was good and we were treated very well even though we were Priceline customers. They offered us an upgrade for $20.00 Cdn. which gave us a room with a slightly better view and a bigger bathroom but the first room they offered us was perfectly fine. The concierge and the people at the front desk were very friendly and helpful. We took subways all around the city of Montreal. The subway system is not that big and within two days we were familiar with it. We were not impressed with the Old City, probably because it was off season. Also, at least in winter months, some tourist venues, such as the Botanical Garden and Contemporary Art Museum may be closed Monday. We ate at La Petite Ardoise on Laurier Street, a brasserie type restaurant, (Outremont)and had a reasonably priced dinner. The menu is somewhat small but the french style food is good - better than what we had in the Old Town. We also ate at the Intercontinental before flying home and the food was very good. All in all, I would recommend the Intercontinental Montreal.	
Mar 30 2006	Priceline entitles you to be treated as a second-class guest	When asking for a form about the use of my personal information that was supposed to be available under request to any guest, the manager made himself very clear that I was a Priceline customer and treated me as a second-class guest. The form was not only unavailable for us, but I was told that I was Priceline customer so if I did not agree to sign the release form of my personal information I could not stay in the hotel.The room was supposed to be ready by 3:00 pm. When we arrived after 4:00 pm to pickup the room key, the room was not ready. A person from the staff was supposed to verify the minibar. The room was very spacious and the bed looked very comfortable. However, the sink had hair showing that the bathroom was not clean properly.	
Feb 6 2006	Great stay at the Intercontinental!	This hotel is beautiful, conveniently located and very, very clean. The bedding has been upgraded throughout the hotel in a comforter style with very soft sheets and the cleanliness of the room was above average. We stayed down the street at W our last trip and there was no comparison. The hotel is right at the edge of the old city which was very easily accessed out back. The concierge, the front desk and even the doorman were very knowledgable of the local area. They were helpful and very pleasant. Again they beat the W in this department. The restaurants that they recommended were very nice ( especially Buonaparte) and they always had maps handy for directions. The convention centre is right across the street and there is shopping within ten minutes walking. Over all a great hotel!	
Jan 4 2006	Old Favorite-Still Great!	We have visited Montreal for Christmas several times. We always stay the the InterContinental. They have a special package that includes a room upgrade to Delux and a fabulous breakfast for two (until 11am!). The rate this year was $144.00 Canadian plus taxes. The breakfast for two was easily a $50.00 value! This is a quality hotel and the staff is very friendly and helpful. If you have a good attitude so will everyone else. Old Montreal is easy walking distance from the hotel and the metro is just down stairs. We purchased a 7 day metro ticket for $18.00 Canadian that was good on the subway and bus lines. You can travel and shop all over town and never have to put on a jacket using the subway. Our room had a view of Old Montreal and a city view (corner room). The room was large by any standard. Large marble bath room with plush towels and robes. House keeping was excelent! Our room was always fresh and clean. We will stay again next time!	
Nov 22 2005	Very nice rooms great location	We had a three day stay here and it was extremely enjoyable. The rooms are very well furnished, very clean with everything you would expect from a first class hotel. It is located at the very corner of the old historic district and the new part of time as well as being across the street from the convention center. You can walk to everything from here. We will definitely choose this hotel again.	
Nov 13 2005	Needs updating	I've stayed at the Inter-Continental a couple of times, usually when I come to Montreal for the Jazz fest. Im sure when it opened (1991) it was one of Montreal's best. Its still not bad, altho the carpets are a little more worn, decor not up to par with a 5 star hotel chain like I-C. I think for what you pay here, the Sheraton is better. The service is pretty good, altho I've waited in line (2-3 ppl) at the front desk for 30 mins before. The Minibar is pretty outrageous... 1.5oz bottle of Chivas Regal was $13.50. The bathrooms are this hotels party piece tho. Separate tub &amp; shower, neat looking european faucets, and theres a speaker to play the TV over - never seen that before! Most rooms have a good view, altho I've had one that faces inward before. The location is pretty good, in Old Montreal, across from the convention centre, connected to the Metro. PArking is about $25, and only valet if I remember right. Again, if you stay on a weekend, try to park on the street but move your car before Monday 6am. As I've said in other reviews, I'll continue to stay at this hotel as long as they offer good rates - $150ish.	
Oct 12 2005	Perfectly Adequate	Having booked a room at the Montreal InterContinental, I was filled with trepidation when I read the negative reviews of this hotel posted in the summer. Much to my relief, during my four-night stay there last week, I found the reviews to be largely inapplicable to my experience. The room was perfectly comfortable, with conventional decor and furniture. The staff was pleasant and accommodating when I requested a change of room for a view of Old Montreal and the St. Laurence, and otherwise. The breakfast, which was included in my package, was generous and included smoked salmon as well as one omelette at my choice. The lap pool is wide enough for two swimmers, but adequate for a workout. The fitness room is adequate, although by no means world-class. Finally, the location of the hotel was excellent--on the edge of Old Montreal and within walking distance of all of the major commercial streets (Ste. Catherine, Sherbrooke, St. Laurent and St. Denis). This particular InterContinental is not as luxurious as other hotels in the same chain, but it is a cut above average.	
Sep 20 2005	Great value ($99@Priceline) given the location	Over Labor Day weekend, we paid $99/night via Priceline which factors into the overall positive opinion somewhat. If we paid $150 or more, I'd be more disappointed. $99 was a ridiculous bargain in my opinion. If not for the somewhat obscure location, I'd give it 5 bubbles. The lobby is cramped, but who cares, their bar/lounge is excellent for a pit stop for a beer/wine/cocktail and the french onion soup was top notch. The concierge desk was bilingual and very efficient, and we had several excellent dinners on their recommendation. The breakfast in the hotel is totally overpriced (~$20/pp to fill you up) and the ambience is a bit stuffy, and there are a few good places within 2-3 blocks (Eggspectations for one, is a must, but expect a 10-30 min wait) that are a far better option. Just get up, go out, eat and get moving. The hotel wi-fi in the lobby was a bust, and the internet connection in the room required a technerd to come fix. The hotel itself is in a sort of no-man's-land, in that you really have to walk/cab/metro to wherever you are going, there is virtually nothing within a 2-3 block radius to see or do. This makes it VERY quiet at night though, so you can sleep in peace. You can walk to the heart of the old Montreal district in 5-10 minutes depending on your pace and there is a Metro station in the basement of the hotel..Montreal is a great walking town, akin to Paris, so expect to put on several foot miles each day to get the full experience, which helps offset the massive caloric intake vacationing usually entails. You can get to Rue Catherine or Denis streets within 10-15 minute cab ride for $10. We ate at 'Verses' in old town, and the food and service was in Zagat terms a 27 on both accounts. Expensive (figure $100/pp with wine and dessert), but very memorable. Avoid eating on the touristy square with the idiotic mimes and performers, you'll pay the most for the least quality and the service is churn and burn, but the people watching from the outdoor patios is solid. Cabs are everywhere day and night and you can always fall into one when ready to drop. Rue Denis is a much better walking street for offbeat boutique shopping and outdoor cafe people watching. Rue Dennis is a mile long and worth devoting a few hours with a stop at a cafe to have sangria and a snack. Montreal is a great town at a discount for Americans..Beats Europe on price and attitude.	
Sep 11 2005	Great hotel. Will definitely stay there again.	After reading previous negative reviews, we were very apprehensive and thought we made a mistake on our non-refundable reservations. We were wrong. We had an excellent experience at this hotel. We arrived early for check-in; before noon. Although our room was not ready, the desk clerk voluntarily, without our asking, upgraded us to the next higher level room at no additional charge and checked us in immediately. It was a large corner room, good view of the city, and a beautiful large bathroom, complete with separate shower stall and tub. Beautiful, clean room, well appointed. The staff was very courteous throughout our stay. The concierge was pleasant and helpful. Our last night we ate in the hotel's formal dining room. Excellent french meal; excellent service and very postive friendly staff. We definitely recommend the dining room. It was pricy, but that is the case in all major downtown cities. Very convenient location to the metro and Old Montreal. Gray Line tours picks you up at the hotel. On checkout, our bill was completely accurate for the tours and meals we had billed to our room. Checkout was quick, accurate, and friendly. We will definitely stay here again. P.S. Take a tour to Quebec City. It is worth the trip!	
Aug 24 2005	Better than I expected	After reading the scathing reviews, I was bracing for a miserable experience. With low expectations walking in, I was met with a crowded small lobby and an entire wedding party checking out.... ugh. Once I reached the desk, I was ready for rude treatment but the officious attendant gladly switched me to a non-smoking king room and what I thought was going to be a bad experience started to turn around. (I booked through Priceline for a great price so I figured I would be a second class citizen but not-so).The room was pleasant with a nice floor-to-ceiling window and soothing colors. The bathroom was very nice. The location was just a couple of blocks from Old Town and Montreal's efficient subway is right in the same complex. The recreation facilities are very nice, the bar was nice (a bit expensive and stuffy though). Here's a tip for those of you budget travelers: the on-street parking around the hotel is free on a couple of the streets and they don't start enforcing the time limits until 9:00 AM. I parked for free and saved $18. With food and all I stayed at this hotel for less than I would have paid at a roadside motel.	
Jul 31 2005 	Awful Hotel	My advice- don't stay here.I have stayed in nicer &quot;cheap motels&quot; than this alleged five star hotel.The only reason I stayed after the first night was that it was a non-refundable pre-paid stay.The hotel was not very clean, the service rude, the prices outrageous. The bed broke during my stay. Worst of all, they screwed up my bill royally.I had checked out, and had paid my outrageous OTHER charges, in full.(Another $1000.00 PLUS on top of my already pre-paid room charges.) I returned home and fraud alert from my credit card company called noticing something was amiss. I had NEVER authorized them to bill any expenses on this card, (they were charges that had already been paid on another card, but they broke this billing up up into $50 bits to put them through under the radar screen of my credit co.) and it messed up my banking for several days. They kept adding charges on this card even AFTER I had checked out and paid ALL monies owed!! I could not have this fixed by the hotel immediately as it was a weekend- so the front desk person very unsymapthetically told me there would be no one in until Monday to help with this. Had to wait till Monday to speak with someone at the hotel who resolved the problem the next day. Awful hotel, awful experience.Wild horses could not drag me to stay in this hotel again. Be warned!!	
Jul 23 2005	Not one of Intercontinental's best Hotels	I have stayed in several Intercontinentals and whilst there were several great things about this hotel it is not one of their best although I have to admit I would stay there again as the positive points far outway the negative points. The location is superb and the staff extremely pleasant and helpful. I requested a high floor when I checked in and was extremely pleased to be given one on the 21st floor.The reception area is too formal and has little atmosphere although the bar is fine and the bar staff were extremely pleasant. The rooms were big and well furnished but seemed a little dated and drab (and the lamps in the bedroom had not been dusted for quite some time!). The biggest disappointment was the bathroom however. The lighting was grossly inadequate and the bath was far too small and shallow.Having said all this however I did enjoy my stay and as previously mentioned would stay again.	
Jul 21 2005	Disgusting Filthy Hotel	I recently stayed at this disgusting, dirty, hotel. You are being warned, stay away. The hotel is not in a central location and not recommended.When we entered the room, it was not made. The beds were undone, room-service was on the floor, and the room smelled of smoke.We immediately asked for a different room and had to wait over 2 hours to get one. I demanded an apology, but hotel management is extremely rude. Not even a free drink while we wait?!? In fact, they rolled their eyes and gave us &quot;European&quot; attitude if you know what I mean. Supposedly this is ranked a 5 star hotel, I have seen motels in America that are far superior.I got this on one of those internet deals. Unfortunately it couldn't be cancelled, otherwise I would have heeded the warnings by others on this board. You certainly get what you pay for ($130/night). Pay a few extra $ and go to the other highly rated hotels, TRUST ME.What this places needs first and foremost is new management. I hope everyone going to Montreal reads this.	
Jul 6 2005	Nice place great location!	There is no question about it, this property is nice, however, there is a long road from a good hotel to a great one, and Intercontinental is just a good one. We move here from Novotel, and stayed 4 nights starting 7/1/05. The hotel, as it was mentioned many times, is well located, walking distance to the old town, banks, shopping and restaurants. This is a big place, 26 floors I believe, 2 restaurants, shops, spa and lots more. The restaurants appeared to us upscale and overpriced, so we decided to eat down the street at many of the great restaurants in the old town. We got a room on the 19th floor with a view of an interior brick wall plus the window of an adjacent room. With exception of an obese middle-age couple walking around the room, nothing else to look at. Our room was clean, the furniture was nice, and the bed was comfortable. Good size bathroom but in need of a face-lift. The wallpaper was pealing in a couple of places, the shower head was shooting water in all directions and the tub plug was hard to keep it open, I took all my showers in ankle deep water. Nice toiletries though. The concierge desk staff was professional but unfriendly. They shove a bad Xeroxed copy of Montreal in your face and mark where you want to go. The front desk people were the same, short and to the point, no unnecessary smiles or pleasantries. As I mention, this is a nice hotel in a great area that anyone should consider for a business or pleasure trip.	
Jun 13 2005	Good Location	The hotel's location was great, being close to the waterfront, old Montreal, McGill, the Village, and many other museums and attractions. The hotel is attached to the underground, so if you are traveling to Montreal in the winter, this hotel is a terrific choice, as you can limit your time outside. The only setback was on weekend evenings, as many of the restaurants in the area were closed. The hotel room was large, and kept clean during our visit. The concierge desk was extremely helpful, having provided us with countless recommendations on restaurants and activities. Don't miss a Cirque Du Soliel show and make sure you obtain a Montreal card, which will give you access to all museums, and public transportation at a discount.	
Jun 1 2005	For all those interested in justice please read	Hotel booking was mistakingly made. Is is non-refundable, that means you lose your WHOLE deposit. Hotel Manager unreasonable - won't negotiate anything. Out $1,000 and don't plan to stay. Reservation would still be 6 weeks out! Cancelled the reservation to force the hand and working with my credit card company. How do you cancel something that is non-refundable, I don't know. Theoretically should not be possible.Is this what one would expect from a good hotel or how about a good business? Yea right. The previous guests' posts say it all. Now you have experience pre-stay and post-stay.Please punish this hotel in the interest of what is the right thing to do. Fool me once, shame on you, Fool me twice, shame on me. You have been warned.	
May 30 2005	Lovely stay at the Intercontinental	Stayed at the Intercontinental during a Memorial day weekend trip to Montreal with my new fiancee (I proposed to her during the trip).The room was very nice and clean and offered a very nice view of Montreal to the north/west, including Mont Royal. Bathroom was very spacious and included both a bathtub and an enclosed shower. The room had all the usual amenities.Staff was courteous, especially the doormen and the valet employees.The hotel was within a short walking distance to all the Old Town attractions, as well as St. Catherines' shops and Crescent St. cafes/pubs. You can also get to the Metro wihtout leaving the building - a plus during a rainy night (although its not too easy to find).Negatives - parking for the hotel was nine levels below, as the parking is used for commercial business space. Valet employees were also not accessible late at night.Overall, we would definitely stay at the Intercontinental again on my next visit.	
May 2 2005 	Comfy and quiet for the business traveller	This is a great hotel if you are in Montreal for business. It's close to all the business amenities, but little shopping. The rooms were spacious, clean, and comfortable. The door staff was friendly, but I found the front desk staff aloof and not very helpful.If you're just looking for a place to sleep before or after a business meeting, then it's perfect. However, I would not recommend it for a holiday or shopping getaway.	
May 1 2005	disappointing for an Intercontinental	I have stayed at other Intercontinentals and they are generally luxury hotels with excellent service. This was more pedestrian (maybe more like a Sheraton). The building is new and doesn't have much character. The lobby is small and not impressive. We had a suite which had lovely big windows and a nice bathroom. The concierge gave us a good steer on a restaurant for dinner. This hotel is convenient to the Old City which is why I chose it. WHen I made the reservation, the web site listed a special weekend deal, but said you had to phone the hotel direct. When I called, I had to argue very forcefully to get the special rate (they said it didn't apply to them because they were in Canada; I pointed out that the special was listed on the Montreal IC web site, not the general Holiday Inn/Intercontinental webh site). At this price point I would not stay here again.	
Apr 17 2005	InterContinental - So awefull it hurts!	Dust bunnies on the curtains and brown stains on the bathroom floor. Let me know if you want to see the pics of these. This hotel is far from the 4-star rating that it claims to be. The reception staff left me totally unimpressed and questioning my own value as a human being - let alone as a customer paying $250+ per night.	
Mar 12 2005 	Good but not great	The Intercontinental is a very good hotel for tourists - though the prices are only for those with big budgets. The lovely and quiet corner room that I had was not set up for work at all - with a very uncomfortable chair, an expensive ($14.95) and poor performing high speed internet connection, and no electric outlet within easy reach of the desk to plug a laptop in.The bathroom had a floor to ceiling window, but a window shade that only covered the top two-thirds of the window. Great for exhibitionists!Room service food was good at night - a very filling club sandwich, but poor for breakfast with a waffle that tasted like the butter or oil used in the waffle iron was rancid.	
Nov 29 2004 	One of the best hotel in Montreal	Great service, spacious room. With amazing view of the Old Montreal. Restaurant is excellent.	
Oct 18 2004	Wonderful hotel	My boyfriend and I just stayed here (October 2004) and we loved it. The service from the moment we pulled up until the moment we drove away after checking out was exceptional. Other then the Bellagio in Las Vegas, I've never seen a group more dedicated to making your stay convenient and enjoyable. I booked directly through their hotel website and got a great deal. Also, the hotel is attached to a business complex with shops, a subway entrance, and eatery area, which is great in the morning if you want a quick bite.	
Aug 29 2004	Large rooms nice views	I keep coming back to the InterContinental because the rooms are spacious and the high floor rooms have excellent views. Note that superior rooms are not guaranteed to have any view, but repeatedly asking the front desk for a room with a view normally yields results. High speed internet (CDN $14.50) is somewhat pricey, as is room service, but it's one of the more modern hotels located near Old Montreal and has a good central location.	
Aug 16 2004 	Just OK	Just returned from a conference in lovely Montreal. The IC was OK but disappointing. First of all, we had a &quot;special conference rate&quot; of $220 and I was denied priority points because of it! I wondered how much this place tries to charge regular customers if $220 is a special rate. My answer was on the wall upon check out, (rack rate) 500 Canadian and up!! Puh-leze. The rooms are average. The bathrooms above average. The overall ambience-average. The cocktail louge was nice and served good appetizers and lunches. Otherwise, good luck with those rack rates IC. Even at $100 or so less, no way. After walking past the St. James 2 or 3 times a day, I know where I'm staying next time....	
Aug 11 2004	Awful aful awful!!	Just completed a 3 night stay at this awful hotel in Montreal. Have so many choices but keep asking myself WHY do I come back here. the front desk staff are so rude and un welcoming - ever wonder why they never ask you when you are leaving how wasyour stay ? they DONT care!! and they treat business travellers like nothing if you have a great business rate, they make you feel like garbage! They should educate themselves as to why your corporate rate is so cheap and how easy it is to loose business! The health club - nice pool &amp; sauna - but you think closing at 9pm is doing any justice to paying guests? Is it rather to appease the staff so they can go home early and the young man mentioned that they were shut down already at 850pm!! Why would a hotel not staff more appropriately during peak times (noon check out) than having 2 people on staff and over 12 people in line up ?Ever heard of giving you a bill in the night before and offering express check out? Martini in the Cristallan bar is fab - but think when your waiter drops 2 pieces of your calamari and picks it up off the dirty table and place it in a napkin next to your plate - sure, I am going to eat it!! Such a waste indeed of this perfect location but to everyone I say - W Hotel is opening soon 3 minutes from the Intercontinental hotel!!! MAKE YOUR WAY TO CANADA'S FIRST W HOTEL! I stayed at them in the USA and you are guaranteed service and a smile unlike the awful intercontiental hotel!	
Aug 9 2004 	Great stay at the Intercon 16.7.04-25.7.04	Contrary to some of the other reviews here, I had an absolutely wonderful stay at the Intercon. I was a bit apprehensive after having read the other reviews but upon my arrival I was informed that I had been upgraded to a corner suite for the whole of my stay (complete with a complimentary basket of fruit)! which put my mind at rest. I have no complaints at all, the room was extremely comfortable and above all clean as was the ensuite marble bathroom and I had great views of the old port. Everything I needed was already provided (ie iron and ironing board or extra towels in which some hotels I have had to request). Housekeeping were good and did not disturb me when I wanted to be left alone to sleep and just left discrete messages as to when I wanted the room cleaned. Room service was also very good though a little on the pricey side. The hotel was also very close to Old Montreal and just opposite the Palais de Congress, where I was attending my conference. I also found it completely safe to walk around there and back from the downtown/shopping area no matter what time of night/day it was. All in all I had a lovely stay at the Intercontinental in Montreal.	
Jul 27 2004	Maybe a 3 star	I stayed here back in the late 90's and the place hasn't changed one bit, except that now they have very young staff who are unable to handle the flow. It took us 40 minutes to get checked in on a slow Friday night with only 2 people in line ahead of us. To top it off the front desk manager was too &quot;busy&quot; to come discuss my incorrect room rate, leaving the staff to fend for themselves. I saw him later that night and I think he may have been in his 20's. Am i getting old or should I expect a &quot;4 star&quot; to hire seasoned staff with decision making power?Will only stay here again if I get a deal in line with 3 star hotels in the city.	
Jun 23 2004	For it to be an Inter-Continental I was universally dissappointed	It has been some time since I stayed at the IC. However, in reading the reviews, I was reminded of my experience at the hotel and felt obligated to share. We stayed for a week at this hotel probably in 2002 for my birthday during the last week of May--that's when we always go to Montreal. I was dissappointed from the very beginning. First, the hotel did not give me the feel of a Grand destination Hotel like I was looking for. As I recall, you arrive at a portal and then, have to go up on an elevator or escalator to the main lobby. After arriving at check-in, the same rude attendants were there, as other people have mentioned. I am a frequent business traveller, and know my way around the various traveller programs. Well these people would not cooperate for any upgrades under any circumstances--not even what I was promised when making my reservation. They were even rude about it. When we arrived to our room, there was a big problem. I think we reserved a suite, but it turned out to be something else like a very dark room that never got direct sunlight. The front desk did not cooperate at all, so I had to invoke the General Mgr, and threaten to check out of the hotel all together before they agreed to move us to another room. They finally did. I remember the Restaurant to be small and unimpressive--the food about the same. I did enjoy the cocktail lounge. I liked the way they served the alcohol in a separate container from the mixer. All things considered, I would not stay at this hotel again. I was very displeased.	
May 5 2004	Convenient and elegant	We just got back from a weekend in Montreal. The Intercontinental was great! Very nice, large room. No view, but who cares. The staff could not have been friendlier or more accomodating. The hotel is in the midst of Old Montreal, linked to a Metro stop (Square Victoria), and three blocks from the shopping on St. Catherine. Very quiet at night since this is a business district, but cabs are easy to get and we felt safe walking the street at 11 pm.If you visit Montreal, you MUST go for bagels at St. Viator - simply the best bagels there are!	
Apr 26 2004	Great Hotel		
Feb 25 2004	There are better options in Montreal		
Jan 19 2004	Rude service dust on the curtains and mold in the bathroom		
Dec 17 2003	Intercontinental a local		
Sep 18 2003	Great Beds!!		
Sep 7 2003	Intercontinental great propery bad service!		
Sep 4 2003	Very Disappointing Stay		
Aug 18 2003	Great place in a convenient location		
Dec 27 2002	A Wonderful Hotel		
Mar 15 2002	Review: Hotel Inter-Continental Montreal		
Aug 26 2009 	Bien situé		
Jan 16 2009 	Intercontinental Montreal empfehlenswert		
Jan 5 2009 	??????????????		
Sep 1 2008 	Très bonne expérience		
Aug 28 2008 	The well-furnished rooms and facilities.		
Aug 12 2008 	Très bel hotel mais forte odeur de cigarette		
Sep 1 2007	Etablissement de très bon standing au coeur de la ville		
