	Great location OK hotel	Location is ideal, right in the Old Town and close to great streets of restuarants, museums and so on. The hotel is old but well kept. Out suite was small and the view was of a brick wall, but we did get a bargain deal. I'd come here again, much more character than the more modern hotels near McGill.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Location decent hotel.	This hotel is nice, but nothing that special. I used Marriott Points, so it was a great value for me, but if I was paying, the rates are not much higher at other places such as The Nelligan or Saint Sulpice when they are running specials. The breakfast was good, but only served from 6:30-9:30. No sleeping in after a night out if you want breakfast. The service was very good with the desk staff really going out of there way to help and be nice. The location is fantastic, in the heart of Old Montreal and a short walk to The Metro. The &quot;suites&quot; are one room, so not really a suite, but decent sized and fine for the two of us. One issue I had is they said the room had a balcony. It actually had a door opening onto a decked part of the roof. This would have been fine, but the area was very dirty. Full of old cigarette butts and the table and chairs were dirty. The rooms and public areas were very well kept, but if you are going to have guests use this outdoor space, it needs to be cleaned once in a while! Overall, it is a typical Springhill Suites with higher then typical prices based on the location. I would recommend this place, only if you can not get a similar price at Saint Sulpice or The Nelligan.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful Hotel and Location	The hotel is located in the heart of Old Montreal, within walking distance of Notre Dame. There are many great restaurants and shops nearby as well. The hotel itself is quite nice and very clean. The breakfast in the morning was a great way to start the day. The front desk is very helpful in mapping out places to see, etc.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect Location Pleasant Room	Being in the heart of Old Montreal made all the difference in the world. Great access to activities and tours, easy walk to Metro, and a pool, made our two young kids very happy. Though the hotel is not premium, it was clean and the staff was attentive. Breakfast at the hotel was not a plus; enough places around town much more preferable. Only downside, a drunk yelling in the alley outside was heard too clearly and not dealt with by the hotel after a call to them was made. Would still come back again to this hotel.	
Oct 6 2009 	A Perfect Pick	My husband and I had never been to Montreal before and were picking hotels out of the AAA book and hoping for the best. This hotel was the Perfect Pick. Tucked away on a quiet street, but close to everything- restaurants, shopping and lots of Montreal site-seeing. We put the car away for 3 days and walked all over Old Montreal, and when we came back to our room it was an oasis for our tired feet. Beautiful room and very helpful staff.	
Oct 3 2009 	Hidden Gem	We choose this hotel from a AAA Travel Guide based only on location and price range and reserved a room on the telephone. Although the hotel is a little difficult to find we were pleasantly surprised from check-in to check-out. Our room was excellent with a large bathroom, small sitting room, built-in desk, and kitchenette ($170 CAD/Night). The hotel is ideally located between Chinatown (West), waterfront (East), nightlife (North), and cathedral (South). Although tripadvisor only rates this hotel as two stars, I believe it is four stars based on our experience with quality and services. For example, the staff opened the business office in the middle of the night so that I could use the computers for internet services (free). At the buffet breakfast (included) a staff member found an extra chocolate croissant for my wife during a very busy time. I made a valet request for my car and it was parked in front of the door before I got off the elevator. This hotel was our best experience while traveling two weeks in Canada!	
Aug 27 2009 	Spring Hill Suites Old Montreal good for families/grps	Good aspects: - quiet Old Town location &amp; VERY convenient to Chinatown for its delicious food &amp; inexpensive prices.Loc is also close to waterfront areas, the Notre Dame Cathedral etc.- Large suite (2 dbl, sofa bed), kitchenette, large workdesk with hardwired Internet connection.Very good space design for the kitchenette &amp; workdesk area.- Separate sink (2 if counting the kitchenette's sink).- Abundant bkft buffet, and very hardworking staff keeping food in supply &amp; areas clean.This is no easy task when the bkft area is packed with people &amp; some young children making quite a mess of their food!- large business ctr: 2 PCs, printer, &amp; fax; 4 comfortable reading chairs (a rarity in most hotels).Areas of improvement:- could not open sofabed w/o pushing it one way, &amp; the TV stand the other way.There seems to be some space design issue here.- window a/c was on the loud side.- during the weekend of our 3-nt stay, there would be late reveler noises after bars close.- Bkft area sometimes ran out of seating (as several previous reviewers noted).- no shelf space at all in the bathroom.	
Aug 21 2009 	Excellent location pleasant staff acceptable rooms good value for location	This was our second stay, so obviously we are satisfied. I've recommended the hotel to others. The rooms are a bit smaller than you might expect from a suite, but they aren't cramped. The beds are quite comfortable. I've rated the location as excellent because most people seem to want to stay in the old town, and it's perfect for that, but I find the Plateau a much more interesting area.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great location good value air conditioners are very loud.	Overall this is a good hotel in a great location within walking distance of everything in Old Montreal. We had 2 rooms for extended families and the air conditioners (window units) in both our rooms were so loud and cycled of and off so frequently we had to turn them off to sleep. Because of this I cannot recommend this hotel during hot summer weather. I do not know if the heat would be as noisy in the winter. The complimentary breakfasts are typical of a Marriott hotel and yes there is not enough seating but they did open a conference room very close to the food. Complimentary coffee and tea are available from this area throughout the day which was very nice. The free internet was easy and fast. The suites sound bigger than they actually are especially if you need to use the sofa bed. Once the sofa bed is pulled out it completely blocks the path from the bed/bathroom to the hallway door. There is a very nice kitchenette area with computer desk, chair, microwave and mini-fridge. Other than the noisy air conditioner the hotel and surroundings were quiet.	
Aug 17 2009 	Spring Hill Suites in Old Montreal offer the Comforts Necessary for a Fine Stay	Subject: Residence Inn by Marriott - Montreal DowntownLocation: Montreal, Quebec, Canada, North AmericaTitle: Great Stay in a Brillant Hide-a-way Spot!ID#: 35191593I was very surprised by the hotel's location, on a deserted side street right in the middle of Old Montreal. The hotel was smaller than I thought it would be, as was our &quot;suite.&quot; There was a large pullout couch, small refrigerator, one television, two double beds, workstation/desk - and certainly was enough for the four of us on our four night stay. Warning: when the pull out couch is out - it's hard to move from one area of the room to the other, without jumping across the bed itself.The hotel front desk got us tix to see a movie, and were quite helpful on what to see in the area. Breakfast was certainly plentiful with eggs, yogurt, breads, juice, waffles and such - the seating was a problem. With so many people trying to have breakfast before 9:30am - there were many people vying for seats. The staff made the conference room available, but those who immediately got off the elevators didn't know that - if either the front desk or if there was a sign it would have been better organized. The workers certainly were hard at work refilling or replacing during the breakfast rush.The pool was adequate, fine for the kids and I was able to work out while watching them in the pool - a very big plus!The internet at the hotel is &quot;modem/dsl based&quot; and I had a problem getting on - that was easily solved by calling the customer service to the company who carries the web capability. They were incredibly helpful and within mins. I was on the computer.This is a small city hotel in an old part of town. The charm of the front desk, accessibility to Old Montreal, the sites certainly do outshine the cramped feeling of the hotel. The hotel is clean, people are nice and while in Montreal, how often are you really in the room?	
Aug 16 2009 	Great Location; Needs Updating	I can't argue with other reviewers that the location is fabulous for the Old Montreal area. It is close to all points of interest in Old Montreal and the Basilique Notre-Dame de Montreal. The hotel itself is probably a good place for families or business travelers who are traveling with their family, since the rooms are fairly large, and the continental brreakfast is included. However, the hotel can use some tender loving care ... the windows are absolutely filthy and really give the place an unseemly character. The carpet in all areas is worn and in need of being replaced, particularly in the room we occupied. This is the first Marriott brand where I was greeted with a towel with holes in it when coming out of the shower. The bedding was on the soft side and the room had nowhere to sit aside from a sofa and a desk chair. An extra chair in the room would have been nice, but would have taken up any extra space. The sink is separate from the bathroom which is nice, but it is a very small and tight area so only one person at a time can use it. The bathroom houses only the tub/shower and toilet which are extremely close together to make room for the door to open. The air conditioning works, however, it is an in-wall style air conditioner/heat system that makes a lot of noise when running. It was not difficult to hear noise from adjoining rooms or when people were out in the hall.Staff is certainly friendly and accommodating. The continental breakfast is adequate, however, the area on the mezzanine where breakfast is served is a bit cramped and gets very crowded during the morning rush. On occasion, it was difficult to find a place to sit.The Metro (subway) and train stations are a bit of a walk and are probably a half mile or so from this hotel. There is a bus, however, the 515 Vieux-Montreal/Vieux-Port that will take you to all the known sites in the area, as well as the Gare-Centrale train station. Buy a Carte autobus/metro or Carte touristique if you will be staying for three days or more.Overall, the hotel is adequate, and the best thing about it, at least in this reviewers opinion, is the location in Old Montreal and free internet access. Regardless, I would not be likely to stay here in the future.	
Aug 11 2009 	Right in the center of Old Montreal	Fabulous location, near everything. Nice rooms, service, lobby. Easy to find, with parking facilities in the hotel. We were around the corner from the main drag and ate at an outdoor, but nondecript place with good food and excellent service. I forget the details about surrounding area, but Notre Dame Cathedral was two blocks away and that street with all the outdoor places, street performers, and action was a 2 minute walk. Great to explore the old city.	
Aug 6 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	This is by far the best Springhill Suites we have ever stayed in. It's not much to look at from the outside--looks like an old warehouse and it has a very small sign. The location is wonderful. We had our two teenage daughters with us.We really enjoyed staying in old Montreal. Inside, the rooms are quite nice. Our girls enjoyed the free internet. We thought the breakfast was good. (eggs, meat, hash browns, waffle station, pastries, muffins, bagles, cereal, yogurt, fruit, etc... It did get crowded but we always found a seat. I would recommend going later. They say it ends at 9:30, People were still eating at 10. The Auberge St. Germaine, connected to the back of the hotel ,is a very cool restaurant. It is expensive, they have a nice terrace for drinks. Our daughters enjoyed shopping on St. Catherines. Weren't really thrilled with the shopping on St. Denis. We rented bikes at the port and went along the canals. That was fun. Also enjoyed the views from on top of Mont Royal. (recommend driving)	
Aug 4 2009 	Not pleased...	Stayed at SpringHill Suites this past weekend. Although location was fantastic, we were not pleased with service. Room had defective air conditioning units (no central air in the room) so it became hot when air was turned on low and noisy when turned on high. Also, we paid cash for our room but they took our credit card for incidentals. They still held the card for the full value of our complete stay and still has not released it. Very aggravating when you are travelling.	
Jul 31 2009 	The location service and accomodations cannot be beat!	We stayed at the Springhill Suites last week and I must say that it met all of my family's expectations and then some! The rooms were clean, modern and spacious for a hotel that was in the middle of a major city. The front desk personnel did not know too much about local eateries but were as helpful as they could be (this was also true of those who worked in the nearby souvenir shops)! The continental breakfast was always well stocked and offered a variety of foods to choose from. The rooms were just remodeled and clean. One step out of the lobby put you in the middle of a wonderful historic town. The downfalls: remembering to get everything out of your car before it is valet parked (although accessing your car was not difficult). The breakfast area could become too crowded at certain times. Our air-conditioning system was waayy too loud! Still a wonderful stay!	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice hotel Fantastic location	This hotel is located in the heart of Old Montreal which was great. Staying here is definitely right for you if you want to be close to everything in Old Montreal. The rooms are very nice. Breakfast is free and is ok though it was very busy and therefore not really a very pleasant in which to eat.	
Jul 17 2009 	Excellent position	The hotel was a little tricky to find but if you have a cell and call when in the city they give good directions. The room was spacious with seperate living/kitchen-office/sleeping areas and we had a shared balcony. However it was very noisy due to nearby construction and venting fans.The breakfast was like a football game - too little space, very horrible scratched plaes and plastic cutlery. The food was uninspiring and the staff quite surly.Good for pure tourists who have never been to Montreal but a little far from the shops for me. Also lots of resteraunts but all charging 'tourist' prices. We probably would not stay here again.	
Jun 30 2009 	Thank you for finding and returning baby's 'blankie'!	We stayed at Place D'Arme our first night in Old Montreal and were SO HAPPY when we moved closer to the port and into this more family friendly hotel. The suite was very clean and we loved opening the window and hearing the seagulls in the morning!Most importantly, i panicked after we left behind baby's 'blankie'. Thinking i would have to sneakily find a replacement, the chambermaid found it and Guillame at the front desk Fed Ex'd it to me! That made us so grateful.The location can't be beat, crepes and rental bikes out the front door!Enjoy la belle province!	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Stay in Historic Montreal	Travel sites had advised me to not miss the Rue St. Paul area of Montreal, so when I found this new hotel in that area, I booked it. So happy with my choice! The hotel appeared new, but I learned that it had been recently completely remodeled. It was lovely. The beds and pillows were wonderful. We had our 3 college kids with us and there was plenty of room for all 5 of us. Lots of mirrors - two sinks and nice bathroom made getting ready in the morning go well. The complimentary breakfast was the standard fare with a few bonus items thrown in - hard boiled eggs and hot oatmeal. Lots of dining options around...some that stay open late. There is a beautiful restaurant attached to the hotel, but it was very pricey. Parking is in the garage next door. Easy walk to the Notre Dame. Subway is pretty close as well. Hotel staff are business professional, but don't go out of their way to be engaging, friendly or suggest tourist info.Hotel is tricky to find...our garmin was really struggling to get us there! It's kind of in an alley, but it doesn't feel unsafe at all. Great stay and would go back there.	
Jun 15 2009 	A good choice right in the heart of the old town	Springhill Suites doesn't look much from the outside, but the rooms are big and well-appointed. No views, but within seconds walking you're in the heart of quaint old Montreal. Breakfasts were great and although I didn't try them, the waffles seemed to be a big hit. I saw another reviewer say that you shouldn't visit Montreal if you're on a diet. Boy, is that the case! I've never seen such a concentration of restaurants in one town -- the food is fantastic!	
Jun 8 2009 	A Great Find!	An unclaimed jewel in the middle of Old Montreal. As we walked down the small side street off Rue Notre Dame my wife was getting second thoughts. She said....&quot; I am not liking this&quot;. Well, she now admits she was wrong and as we entered this hidden away from the crowds hotel she relaxed and smiled as we entered the recently re-done foyer. The rooms, while small were clean and well stocked with towels. There was a hide-a-bed couch as well as work station and FREE internet!! YEAH!!!!! Mini fridge and microwave as well. The pool and hot tub were also small, but we weren't there for swimming. The hotel is so perfectly located that you are literally minutes from almost anything you wanted to see in old town. We tried many restaurants both inexpensive and expensive and have to say this hotel, part of the Mariott chain will always be at the top of our list. And the rooms rates were so reasonable as well. All in all, just a great find!	
Jun 8 2009 	A Gem in Old Montreal	Just got back from spending 4 nights at the Springhill Suites in Old Montreal. This little hidden gem is in a perfect location for enjoying Montreal, and also happens to be the best Springhill Suite I have stayed at by far (and I have stayed at a number of them). The room we reserved (standard w/king bed) was not ready when we arrived so we were 'upgraded' to a higher floor and a similar sized room but with a balcony overlooking the front entrance. The rooms are very spacious and more than enough for 3 guests to stay comfortably. As always, the Springhill Suites provide a small refrigerator and microwave in your room, which are very convenient for revisiting those items that you couldn't possible finish at one of the many fine restaurants (more on that later). The two rooms are separated by a common wall which has a flat screen TV facing each of the rooms. Each room has its own air conditioning/heating unit. The wired internet connection on the large work desk is free, and connected seamlessly. There are also two walk-up internet stations and a printer in the business center which are available as a courtesy to guests. The complimentary breakfasts on the mezzanine levels are very popular with guests, and offer a full selection of beverages, sausage/ham and eggs, belgian waffles, and an assortment of breakfast and danish rolls. It is self-service, but the staff on duty are very attentive. The hotel staff in the front lobby were all very courteous and attentive as well, and spoke English as well as French. They provided some excellent walking maps of the local and surrounding areas.The hotel entrance is on Rue Ste-Jean-Baptiste -- a very narrow street (almost an alley) with a lot of street repair and open trenches, and so is best accessed (by car and by foot) from the short connector Rue Le Royer off Boul. St. Laurent. We left the car in the adjoining parking garage for 4 days and never missed it. The hotel is within walking or Metro distance of almost all major tourist attractions. The Vieux Montreal (old town), convention center, Chinatown, and downtown are all within a safe 15 min. walk day or night. The nearest Metro stop is Saint-Laurent, about a 10-min. walk north. There are literally hundreds of restaurants within a 10-min. walk of the hotel within the Old Town and across in Chinatown. Be advised that it is best not to visit if you are on a diet -- the culinary experiences are one of the highlights of this city and not to be missed!Take the 20-min. tour of the Basilica of Notre Dame, one of the largest cathedrals in North America. The multimedia show in the evening was a bit of letdown but perhaps our expectations were off base. One of the unique things about Montreal are the number of pay-as-you-go bicycle rental stations (Bixi.com) in the city. It is very easy to rent a bicycle with your credit card, the first 30 min. of usage are 'free' (although there is an 'access fee'), and it can be returned to any other bicycle station within the city. We rented a couple of bikes and rode up and down the waterfront along the Old Port and had a blast! Another highlight was taking the Metro to the Olympic Stadium park to visit the Biodome. This wonder of science is not just for kids, but for all ages. Be sure to bring your camera -- this is a zoo, aquarium, aviary, and botanical garden all under one roof.All in all, this is just an excellent hotel and a charming city to visit....a little slice of France in North America. We definitely plan to return one of these days.	
Jun 6 2009 	A hidden secret in the heart of old town	My wife and I stayed here for one nite to see a Cirque du Soliel performance at the old port. What a fantastic choice!!! The hotel is hidden in a side street just off Rue St. Paul in Old Montreal. You can walk almost everwhere....and that we did! Very convenient to all the sights and attractions of Montreal...  The staff was very accomodating and went out of their way to attain dinner reservations at a nearby restaurant for us. Although the room was a bit compact; it had all the ameneties that you could need. I imagined being in the old port on a weekend nite may be a bit noisy; but we had a confortable, quiet nite's sleep.  The breakfast buffet was plentiful and there were two people working to make sure there was enough food on the buffet for everyone. I would definitely stay here again....even better than the full service Marriott in downtown Montreal.	
May 11 2009	Montreal Mothers Day Holiday	I went to the Spring Hill this past Mothers Day weekend. And while the weather was rather crummy, the stay at the Marriott was very enjoyable.The Room The room was huge. It was My parents, my sister and myself and while the beds were a double (slightly smaller than a queen) it was still enough space. I think the large sofa was a pull out and we could have slept on that, but there was really no need. We were however charged $30 extra dollars per (extra two) people per night. The room was clean, towels were ample (we asked for 4 more) big screen plasma TV with a substantial amount of English channels. It had many amenities including a working fridge, microwave, coffee peculator and coffee provided as well as a ironing board. The heater worked and you could open the window. All in all it was clean and comfortable. The Food The complimentary continental breakfast was great! I had no doubt mind you. Eggs, muffins, cereal (hot and cold) waffles, toast, sweet bread and hashbrowns. It was plentifull and enjoyable. You could take it up to your room or eat in their restaurant style mezanin. A+Parking Parking was $20 a night. but well worth it. The parking lot across the street looked very sketchy and after hearing about all of the theft issues I decided to park in the underground parking. Well worth it. I was able to take my car in and out at will and the parking guys were very nice. Location The location was great. It was tucked away in the middle of old Montreal and you can essentially walk anywhere from the hotel. there are countless eclectic french restaurants in the area as well as many familiar chain fast food places. McDonald's and Tim Horton are right around the corner. You are withing a 2 minute walking distance to the water and pretty much every local attraction. Language Barrier Don't even worry about it. Everyone seems to be bilingual and happy to accommodate.Flaws I was disappointed that the hotel did not have wireless internet connection for my iTouch. Though the hotel does have a great little business room that has a computer, fax, internet etc. There is also in room connection if you brought your laptop. The Gym They do not advertise their gym on their site. It's not in any of the pictures. But I was hopeful. When I got there I saw some really great shots of a fully equiped gym with treadmills, Elliptical machines, free weights and machines. But when I got there it looked really run down. The elliptical was horrid and the treds looked like they had had better days. Same goes with all the equipment. I really looked nothing like the pictures. The greatest disappointment of the hotel. Also, to pool was dingy. It looked really bad. The hot tub was no better - gross. All in all I really enjoyed it! I would go again.	
May 2 2009 	Great place to get some rest	Even if it's hidden, it's a wonderful place to stay. The buffet breakfast had practically everything I could think of, the staff was friendly and the location is great.There are numerous restaurants nearby to satisfy every traveler's taste, from pubs to patios to fast food and high end steakhouses. The subway station is roughly a 5 minutes walk away too.The value is wonderful with a kitchenette, fitness centre, high speed internet, and a pool on top of the breakfast, there's not much more one could ask for.	
Apr 28 2009 	What a great find in Old Montreal	This hotel was a great find. It has a superb location in Old Montreal within an easy walk to Cirque du Soleil, subway, Chinatown and other tourist destinations. Our suite was plenty large for the 4 of us. We were brought a cot for free, and we didn't have to pay the crazy $30 surcharge for a second adult. The indoor pool is small but nice for kids, and the bike paths of Old Montreal are a few steps away. The parking was easy and moderately priced by large city standards. The breakfast was good with things like waffles. We had a noisy group of teenagers on a school trip having a party next door, but one call to the front desk resolved the issue.	
Feb 20 2009 	Outstanding service	We stayed at this hotel during the weekend of February 13th. Our travel arrangements were changed last minute and we ended up arriving about 3 hrs earlier than out requested check in of 11am. I called in around 4am to inquire about an early check in before our already requested early check in. The clerk could not guarantee and asked us to inquire upon arrival if a room was available. Unknown to us until we got there, the clerk had already notified the clerk on the next shift and a room was ready when we arrived. I felt this was above and beyond and to whoever was night auditor during the early morning hours of Feb13, thanks very much. The service was amazing. As for the hotel itself, I have no complaints. In was a terrific stay.	
Feb 13 2009 	Absolutely fabulous!!	I stayed here for 5 nights during a conference in February. I chose this hotel because of the great reviews on TA and its proximity to the conference centre and Old Montreal. I was a little worried that my taxi driver from the airport had not heard of it or the road it’s on. It turned out- he wasn’t the only one- in fact not one taxi driver knew of it, and so had to check for directions- so take the hotel address with you! It’s on a narrow one-way road leading down to the old port, 1 or 2 blocks away from Notre Dame Cathedral.I was absolutely delighted with every aspect of this hotel and cannot fault it in any way. I saw 4-5 reception staff during my stay and they were all pleasant and extremely helpful with booking taxis, transportation to shopping and sights, restaurant recommendations, etc. That’s a huge plus for this hotel too- the proximity to so many fantastic restaurants.My suite was spacious with a desk and chair, sofa, armchair and coffee table and a small kitchen area (fridge, microwave, kettle and sink) leading onto the king-size bed and to the side a wash area and a separate toilet with shower over bath.There was plenty of choice for breakfast – and I loved the waffle-maker! The hotel also has a business centre with desktops and printers which you can enter at any time with your room key- which was handy for checking in on-line and printing off my boarding pass. There’s also an adjoining spa which offers a discount if you’re staying at the hotel at the time you book. I had a body wrap treatment with massage and face cleanser which was absolutely heavenly! Ask for Tatiana!! I had this massage just before getting a taxi to head for the airport- and I felt great- till I got to the airport!! So here’s my moan about Montreal airport- I’d printed my boarding pass, and only had hand luggage but ended up queuing for 1.5 hours with a million other people to get through security. This airport cannot deal with international travel- it’s what you might expect to see in a developing country- expect I’ve never seen a developing country that had an airport this badly-organised. Allow plenty of time!!!	
Jan 28 2009 	Superb location good hotel	Excellent location. Hotel was convenient, room was very big (upgrade to a suite with 2 double beds for 2 adults...). Pool was very old though... Business centre with free internet was very good. Breakfast ok. Staff friendly and certainly helpful. Parking charge was promptly removed when I told I used the free outside parking spaces (rented car does not mind -20C / 5F :P ).	
Oct 16 2008 	Good Value	Stayed there in Aug 2008. If you want to make Old Montreal the centerpiece of your Montreal stay, this place is perfectly situated. Exterior blended in locally, but interior was American in style, new &amp; good quality, and very well sound-proofed. I thought the front desk staff were acceptable but not exceptional, as a few verbal exchanges got confusing with them (and it was not a language barrier). But ultimately, the hotel was well-run and of high quality. Supposedly the &quot;oldest inn in North America - 1754&quot; is connected to the hotel lobby. We walked through it and it looked old and stately, but we did not have the opportunity to eat there. There is a parking garage connected to the hotel, and we had no issues unlike the other unfortunate poster. The rooms were clean, and were appointed as expected for this class of hotel. A little more drawer space would have been nice, but it was not a big issue.The only problem we had with the hotel was the buffet breakfast. We were there a whole week, so we tried it on a variety of days. Now, we were there during the summer, and based on how crowded the lobby and hallways appeared to be, the hotel seemed to be no more than 50% occupied. Yet, the few times we tried to utilize the breakfast buffet, it was jammed. When the eggs went empty, it took a while for replacement food to be brought out. So, despite the extra cost, we opted for eating out.Eating breakfast American-style in Old Montreal can present its own challenge. Most of the breakfast places simply had croissants, fruit and the like. In the whole of Old Montreal, we only found three places that offered an American-style breakfast. The nicest place for this was in the Le Saint Sulpice hotel, a few blocks away. The other two were nearby, as well, but were more diner quality.When you are here, you are conveniently in the heart of Old Montreal, but on a street which itself is not busy. All of the Old Port, church and museum destinations are only a few blocks in any direction. The coolest thing we did was rent Segways. The Segway rental place is in the Old Port, on the last pier on the north end of the port. We also were there during the long fireworks festival that they have every summer. Again, going out to the pier area on the north end of Old Port will afford you a good view.For dining, there are any number of &quot;historical&quot; places besides the place in the hotel lobby that one can eat, such as Gibby's or Restaurant Place St-Paul. Strangely, both my wife and I thought that just about every glass of wine we drank was of poor quality. We thought we would be awash in high quality French wines, but either the Canadian taste in wines is non-existent, or the French ship them all of their low-quality product. As with any touristy area, the food is somewhat overpriced, but there are a fair amount of good-quality places that can be found.One other thing to look out for in Old Montreal is a complete lack of bank ATMs. There were plenty of the fly-by-night ATMs, but no bank ATMs at all - zero. As luck would have it, my bank debit card is very finicky about functioning with the cheap ATMs, so when we ventured out of Old Montreal, we had to cash up at a real ATM.Bottom Line: overall, hotel is of good value, in a good location, and you will get at least what you expect from it, if not more.	
Sep 29 2008 	In the Center of Old Montreal	We loved the SpringHill Suites in Old Montreal as the hotel was one of the nicest Marriotts were have stayed at. Our 2 bedroom suite was roomy enough for the three of us. The room was clean and the beds were so comfortable. The breakfast was not be missed as it was the best &quot;free&quot; breakfast that I can recall at any hotel. The business center was like a lounge with 2 computers. The parking valet was efficient and very responsive with our car always waiting for us when we needed it. The SpringHill is in the very center of Old Montreal with all the shops, art galleries and restaurants an easy stroll away. Jacques-Cartier Place was ony a few blocks in one direction and Notre-Dame Basilica a few blocks in the other direction. For eats, we would highly recommend nearby Chez Suzette (crepes, fondue, soups, etc. ), and Jardin Nelson (music, open air courtyard). The Maple Delights shop was evrything it's name suggests! We had a wonderful time to help celebrate our daughter's 21st Birthday!	
Sep 12 2008	Great Find!	I didn't expect too much except a clean room and good location. I thought the location was great - Old Montreal is right there. You can walk right out of the hotel and you have many restaurants, shops, &amp; bars within a 10 minute walk. The Notra Dame Basillica is short walk away along with the Metro. The staff was very friendly and so helpful with getting around town, the Metro, sights to see, &amp; driving directions. The morning breakfast was more than I thought it would be with hot eggs, waffles, yogurt, fruit, bagels, cereals and good coffee. The only drawback is that it can get crowded and on weekends you may have to wait for a table. They do have take out trays so you have the option of bringing it back to your room. The pool &amp; hot tub is VERY small, so that was a little disappointing and the fitness room is also small with a treadmill, cross trainer and some weights. If you are driving there keep your eyes peeled for the street. It's a very tiny street off Rue Notre Dame &amp; a block past Rue St Laurant. It looks like an alley way. I missed it twice. The street sign is on the building. I had a studio king suite. It was more than I expected. The bed was so comfortable. The bathroom was sizeable and it had the vanity and sink separate, which is great if you have 2 people staying there. The TV swiveled so you could turn it facing the bed or the sofa. It had a desk near the kitchenette, which had a sink, mini-fridge, and microwave. It was perfect to store some snacks and drinks. I didn't mind relaxing in my room, it was very comfortable and I enjoyed it very much. They also offer AAA discounts.	
Sep 7 2008 	Not your average Springhill Suite	We stayed for three nights the first week in September while on vacation. It seemed more like a European boutique hotel than a low end Marriott. The staff was helpful and friendly, the hotel and rooms were clean, the breakfasts were good and the location was excellent. We would certainly go back.	
Sep 5 2008	Horrible Experience! Beware of the "secure" parking!	My stay at the SpringHill Suites Marriott in Old Montreal was fair at first. The hotel is nothing spectacular but is centrally located. The pool is too small to even complete one lap, and the rooms that they say can fit 3 individuals are too small for even 2. The trip took a nose dive when I parked my car at the &quot;secure&quot; parking garage next door - Seville Parking. After checking out I went to pick up my car and noticed a huge dent on the front fender with yellow paint on the wheel and the side of the car. I confronted the attendants who denied any responsibility and provided me with a business card for Leo Garlick, the garage director. I live in New York, and we checked out on a Sunday, so there was no possibility of discussing the incident with the director in person. I called from NY the next day, and after leaving several messages for the garage, I finally contacted him on his cell phone! Both the garage and the hotel claim no responsibility for the accident. Yet, the hotel is the one that processes the charges for the garage. I asked the garage director for records of the car having been moved out of the garage and still I have received no documentation. I discussed with the hotel manager, Christine Marchand, the situation and she rudely brushed me off by saying she would talk tot he parking garage director and get back to me. She never called me back. Both the Marriott and Seville Parking employees have been unresponsive and extremely unhelpful. I would not recommend either to anyone.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great Stay Great Location!	Hotel is in a great location in Old Montreal and within easy walking distance of the Metro, the Old Port, Place Jacque-Cartier, La Basilica Notre-Dame and great restaurants. Our 4 kids (ages 10-15) loved our stay in Montreal. The lobby was clean and updated, the bi-lingual hotel staff very friendly and accomodating, and the suites very clean and comfortable. The small &quot;kitchen&quot; area w/ sink, fridge and microwave was a huge plus for our family. One small negative was the pull out sofa looked like it would pull out to a double bed, but only one person could sleep on it comfortably. Indoor pool was very small. The breakfast buffet was very good and well stocked but could get very busy and it was difficult at times to get seating but they provided carry out containers and disposable utensils which made it very convienient to carry back to your room. Overall, had a great stay here and would highly recommend!	
Aug 15 2008 	Enjoyed our Stay	We wanted a hotel in Old Montreal that was reasonably priced. We checked TripAdvisor and based on the favorable reviews and recommendations, we booked a stay for three nights. The location was excellent and even though the hotel is hidden on a side street, the interior was updated and very nice and clean. The breakfast buffets were good and best of all were included in the price. Staff were bilingual and attempted to answer our questions to the best of their ability. Parking was right next door and staff were efficient. We took our car out about 2 times a day - no problem. Housekeeping services were great. Staying at this hotel definitely added to our enjoyment of the city.	
Aug 13 2008 	Very Good Choice	We booked the room through Marriott and were happy with our choice from several perspectives. The location was good with respect to nearby sites, proximity to subway (a 5-10 minute walk) when necessary and choice of restaurants--which were abundant in the vicinity.The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room, while not overly large, was comfortable, quiet and clean. We are a family of 3 and but did not feel particularly cramped. Breakfast was considerable, included in the cost of the room. Internet access was easy with two free computers available in the Business Center and the exercise room was appreciated, though rather small.Overall, no regrets and would stay there again.	
Jul 29 2008 	Great Hotel in the heart of Old Montreal	We stayed here for 3 nights in July. We wanted to stay in Old Montreal and I picked this hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews. The location was excellent; we could walk to everything: shops, restaruants, Notre Dame, the waterfront. We talk to the Grayline double decker bus tour and the Baton Mouche 60 minute boat ride. We walked everywhere else.The front desk and staff were very helpful in answering questions and providing recommendations and maps. The waffle maker in the hotel breakfast was a popular item each morning in addition to the other full continental breakfast items that were offered.There was also a small indoor pool and gym on site. Would defininitely stay here again.	
Jul 27 2008	Great Location	This hotel is in a wonderful location in Old Montreal. About 10 blocks to the IGA supermarket, which I suggest going to first and buying some food to keep in your fridge at the hotel. Food is very expensive. $17 for 2 meals at Mcdonalds 4 blocks away. Subways is also 4 blocks away. We called for a large Dominos pie $20. We took a 30 minute horse and buggy ride for $45. I dont think it was worth it. The driver took us down the same path we just walked around! Make sure you ask for a scenic route. Metro is around 10 blocks away. Bkft at the hotel is waffles, bagels, pastries, cereal, muffins, the only fruit was oranges. Took the Bateau Mouche boatride and enjoyed that. Do the 60min ride instead of the 90min. They serve drinks and snacks, but it is a little pricey. Took the train to Olympic park. Very interesting and would recommend for the athlete in the family. You can even go swimming for a small charge in the pool that was used in the Montreal Olympics! There is a movie theatre alongside the park if you wanted to spend extra time not shopping! The hotel staff were all very polite and helpful, they even ordered my Dominos! Umbrellas were avl when it rained. Internet worked great. No charge for 800 numbers from the room. The only problem was the loud a/c. Its one of the indoor/outdoor ones and even if yours is shut off, you can hear your neighbors. You dont need a car to get around. Taxis are $35 from the arpt and the hotel will order one for you if needed.	
Jun 17 2008	Great Location Will go back again	What a great convenient hotel. This is more like a boutique hotel than a Marriott. Efficient, friendly,knowledgeable, bilingual front desk clerks. We had the suite for 3 adults - about $200. Full breakfast is served. Room has micro, fridge, coffee pot, ironing board, iron, tv, clock/radio, sitting area, dining table, sofa (sofa bed??). The room was very clean, the bedding was very comfortable. Quiet in the room. Comfortable lobby nice for reading and people watching.There is garage and valet parking, I did not inquire about pricing.  Convenient to many activities and sights. The Basilica is just 5 blocks, the archeology museum about 5 blocks, galleries and shops just around the corner. Many eateries and pubs in the area. Flat rate taxi fare to airport is $35 - check with front desk to schedule. Shuttle to airport is $15 per person. This is very close to the cruise pier, you could walk, but it will probably be easier to take a taxi.	
Jun 2 2008	Decent but staff not too helpful for tourists	Staff was not helpful to tourists. Felt like we were bothering them by asking for a map and some insider travel tips beyond generic tourist spots. We're in our early 30's and were looking for boutique shops, cool live music spots, and the hotel staff was not helpful at all. Maybe that's because we seemed to be the only guests under 65 yrs old.Our suite was decent, but very generic decoration. If you want something special w/ charm, check out some of the boutique hotels nearby if you can spend a little more money. We had a room above the pool (which is more like a large bathtub). Clean, large room. Minifridge. Our room had a door out to a patio enclosed by walls, which seemed nice at first but a little scary for security since one window was unlocked when we checked in.Dislikes - 1. windows didn't have drapes to cover the whole window, good thing it wasn't sunny or we wouldn't have been able to sleep in.2. staff was not helpful for tourists looking for off the beaten path info.Likes - 1. Waffle maker at continental breakfast2. Valet was easy3. CarsEatFree promotion, free valet parking and $25 gas gift card per night (gas card could only be used at petrol canada gas station though, and hotel gave us directions to the wrong gas station on checkout - good thing our GPS helped us find the right gas station chain!)4. Location was good for touristy museums and old montreal, but next time we may stay near downtown area to be closer to nightlife ... or near the little portugal part of town up st. laurent where the hip funky boutique SOHO-NYC style neighborhood is.	
May 21 2008 	Great Stay for Us!	We stayed for five nights in early May and were very happy with this hotel. The room was very large for two people and well laid out, impeccably clean, extremely comfortable, and in a location that was perfect. We came in by train, with a taxi to the hotel costing about $10 including tip, but the Metro was only a few blocks away. Personnel at every level were helpful and polite. While the pool and hot tub were small, I didn't have any trouble finding time to use them when there was no one else there. The breakfast was plentiful; attendants re-stocked constantly, although the hot selections were mostly the same each day. (We did not eat at the restaurant affiliated with the hotel for other meals.) The only complaint I would make -- and it is not something the hotel has any control over -- a freight train runs close to the waterfront, several blocks away. It came through before 6 a couple of mornings and was rather startling, especially until we realized what it was. Otherwise, even though we were on the &quot;first&quot; floor (just above street level), at the front of the building, right near the elevator, and on the same floor as the pool, we were not aware of any noise issues. I would definitely recommend this hotel and will happily stay there again.	
Apr 29 2008 	No complaints	I stayed at the Marriott SpringHill Suites for 5 nights and was very satisfied. The room was spacious and clean. Although it was tight, we had enough room for two double beds, an open sofa bed and a roll away bed. The bathroom was also large. Our room included a microwave, mini-fridge and kitchen sink, all of which were very clean. On my first night the roll away bed was very uncomfortable but the replacement was much better.Our bathtub was backed up on the first night, but was quickly repaired after a call to the front desk. Internet access was fast and by ethernet only. WiFi was available in the breakfast area, but was not very reliable. There was also a business center which had two computers and a printer.The fitness center was small and included a treadmill, elliptical machine, a bench and a few dumbbells up to 25 lbs. The pool was clean but small and shallow. It's design was also a bit unappealing. Breakfast was impressive. It included a waffle maker, an egg dish, hash browns, bagels, bread, muffins, a variety of pastries, cereal and yogurt. Coffee and juices were also available. I only had the chance to try the eggs and they were not very good. Breakfast was available until 9:30 AM during the week and slightly later on the weekend.The front desk was very nice and helpful. Any requests were quickly acted upon. They were also very helpful in giving directions to attractions.The hotel had a good location. It is only 2 blocks away from the waterfront park and right in the heart of Old Montreal. Bars, shops and restaurants are right down the street. My only complaint about the location is its proximity to the Metro, which is about a 15 minutes walk away. I wish the hotel had provided a shuttle. I did have a small issue with the housekeeping staff. I approached one of the maids in the hallway and asked for a few extra towels. She asked which room I was in and obnoxiously joked that there was an extra charge and told me that I had too many people staying in my room. The hotel was fully aware of the number of people staying in my room and there was in fact no charge for extra towels. I did not appreciate this. After checking out, I noticed that I had left my camera battery and charger in the room. I called the hotel and they promised to mail these items to me. I was told that there would be no charge as long as the shipping costs were under $10, otherwise I would have to pay. I have not received their package yet, but it is too early to expect it.	
Apr 4 2008	Wonderful Experience in MontreaL - Will Go Back...	My wife won 2 nights at the Springhill Suites Hotel in Old Montreal through a school raffle. Since we live in Maryland, I didn't really see how 2 free nights was such a big deal - but then we got very cheap airfare through the internet...SpringHill Suites (by Marriott) a non-smoking hotel, is located on a very small side street just around the corner from the Cathedral de Notre Dame in Old Montreal. A few hundred feet down the street from the hotel door is the cobbled stone street of Rue St. Paul. We took a direct taxi from the Int'l airport (YUL) all downtown trips from there are fixed at $35.We had room 501, which is a &quot;deluxe&quot; suite in a corner room. For the 2 of us it was very spacious. All previous reviews do a good job describing the various amenities; large bathroom, microwave, fridge, etc. The front desk staff is very friendly and helpful. They speak French &amp; English interchangeably. Breakfast is a few steps up from Hampton Inn fare. Wafflemaker with fresh batter, always one hot quiche (egg) dish, sausage, and a large variety of upscale muffins, bagels, and pastries. For a hundred room hotel, there is lots of seating, but at 10:00am on Sunday, the place was packed...Had lunch at La Marche de LaVillette, several blocks down on Rue St. Paul. It is a stereotypical &quot;French Bistro&quot; food was great - recommend the ham &amp; cheese crepe - great place overall. Dinner was the the Pub St. Paul - the hamburger was fine, beer was fresh, old pub atmosphere was nice, but I was underwhelmed.Since the hotel is in Old Montreal, the Rue de St. Catherine shopping area is a 10 minute walk, but we armed ourselves with a guidebook (Fodor's) and maps and just took off. Last Saturday had temperatures below 32 fahrenheit, but the wind chill put the temps way down into the teens. We had a blast exploring the various parts of the Underground City - blocks after blocks of it, just fascinating...On Sunday, we bought an All-day Touriste Metro card for $9 and explored parts of the city (including the casino) that were much farther away. Got way up on Rue St. Denis and went to Scwartz's Deli for their &quot;Smoked Meat&quot; sandwich (medium fat). It's not pastrami - really something else entirely - not to be missed! Shared our table with 3 &quot;sixty-something&quot; French Canadian ladies who spoke both French and English with equal aplomb - &quot;Eh?&quot;Overall, no - we didn't pay for the room, but it was a nice suite and I understand that the rates are very reasonable. Were we to go back to Montreal, we would definitely stay there again, even paying this time!	
Mar 4 2008 	A really pleasant stay	We had extra Marriott points and instead of heading south for the February break we headed north into Montreal. While we ended up paying for one of the three nights we stayed at Springhill, I would stay here again based on a nice stay.Used a google map to find it coming from the U..S. and the map was dead on. It's down a little, narrow street, and then the drivethrough entrance hooks to the left and you are there. Parked at entrance, took out bags and checked in w/in 5 minutes. Very nice,efficient front desk and they all answered our questions during our stay remarkably well. They spoke both French and english and were great w/ restaurant selections. Room was big, not huge for a suite and one of the kids stayed on the pullout couch every night. Bathroom was large but unremarkable. Room was always very clean, the maid responded well to a couple of extras we needed and the shower was hot. Pool and hot tub were small ( clean) but manageable as they had few people in them. Workout room was tiny as well. Our room overlooked the narrow street and we heard and were woke up evey night by a drunk or two, but it was not a constant stream of cars or people. Breakfast was good, not great although the selection was very good. Served over 3 hours, we did not find a crowd any of the 3 times we ate and were able to use a take out container every day for our cranky teenager who slept in every day.Terrific restaurants w/in walking distance. Our favorite by far (Only open 8-5, no dinner) was cafe/bistro Marche de LaVillette who had the funniest french waiters, the atmosphere was terrific, the music too loud and it made the place fun, very casual but really great for a family looking for respite from the cold and they even made our teenager eat his salad and laugh (while being dragged away from his friends at home.)We walked to the underground shopping and several downtown areas which took 10-15 minutes.Checkout was great. Parking garage did not bring our car down and finally approached me as I was standing outside and said our car battery was dead. It's a Suburban w/o any problems over the last 5 years so they must have killed it somehow and through a lot of negotiation, we were able to jumpstart it. At $24 per day, I was underwhelmed.Springhill provides a really pleasant experience and the locale in Old Montreal was unbeatable. Loved Marche de LaVillette (4 blocks away on St. Paul street) and would eat there every day just for the fun and laughs.	
Jan 25 2008 	Galleries 	We loved the location in Old Montreal. Galleries, museums and the Science Museum are all within a short walk from the hotel. Rue St-Paul has many galleries to browse and several cafés nearby to try some croissants. The hotel has great facilities geared towards business travelers. Nonetheless, our family enjoyed the pool, hot tub and the delicious breakfast buffet. Babysitting needs to be reserved 5 hours inadvance at the front desk.	
Jan 23 2008 	Little Gem in Old Montreal	excellent property, better than some full Service Marriotts i've stayed in. The Location was supberb with lots of restaurants minutes from hotel. Room was large and very clean, staff very friendly and helpful - great value for money.	
Dec 2 2007 	What a Drag for a Young Family!	We decided to stay at Springhill because of its location in Old Montreal and some good reviews found here. The stay was part of a family vacation in Quebec that included a few nights at Mont Tremblant (a great place to visit summer or winter!).Well the location certainly was first rate, but the good news ended there. The hotel is mere steps from the main walking area of Rue St-Paul and 4 blocks from Place Jacques-Cartier.We arrived on a mid-week afternoon after a long drive and we were looking forward to a warm reception and a quick rest before dinner.We arrived to a not-too-busy reception desk but the two hosts were 'cool' to say the least. After checking in, I asked about parking (which was included in our &quot;Cars eat free&quot; package). The parking is handled by 3rd party parking operator next door and they advised me that they were going to &quot;bury&quot; my Honda if I was staying 3 nights, so please don't ask to take it out on short notice - I didn't.No bellhops at this hotel I guess, so I took the bag cart myself and ferried our bags to our room on the 3rd floor. We noticed later that others were bringing in/out all their own bags too.Arriving at the room was another disappointment. I'd call this room a &quot;bunker&quot;, nothing close to a &quot;suite&quot; at any other hotel chain. It was a tiny inside room, with a window to a small gravel courtyard and other rooms. There was a king bed taking up most of the floorspace, and a sofa bed for the kids.Preparing for sleep, we opened the sofa bed to find a stained bare mattress, quite thin. After 2 calls we got sheets for the bed but ultimately asked to replace the mattress for our 2nd and 3rd nights.To sum up the bathroom, it was functional. The included breakfast was a self-serve combat zone. Too many people and too few tables had us spilling into the conference rooms to find a spot to eat our cereal and cold bagel. I can't see how anyone could enjoy this breakfast.Having two kids 5 and 8, we checked out the pool. Keeping with the theme, the pool was almost as small as a home hot tub.The place was skimping on towels too, in the room and at the pool.We were glad to see our car and head for home.Needless to say we can't recommend this hotel and we're not planning to stay at another Springhill Suites anytime soon.	
Oct 29 2007	Enjoyed my stay...	This was a very large, clean, comfortable room with kitchen area and desk apart from sleeping area. The included breakfast was very good. I expected a continental breakfast, but there was much more. The staff were very pleasant. It would be great if all hotels were as nice.The only negative thing I can say -- and I don't want to sound too picky -- but I stayed two days and it looked like housekeeping came in and made the bed but didn't do anything else. The floor should have been vacuumed as the carpeting was dark and showed lint, and dirty glasses should have been replaced.	
Oct 27 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	My husband and I stayed at this comfortable hotel for two nights in early October 2007 before boarding the ship Maasdam for the Canada New England cruise. The cab fare to the pier was $7.00; while it's within walking distance, one wouldn't want to walk there with luggage.It is located close to the pier, Notre Dame Basillica (a must see), many shops, art galleries and restaurants. While the subway is also nearby, there are a LOT of stairs, going up and down, before you get there. We are a senior couple and had some difficulty with that. The cost of a one way fare is $2.75; we took the train to the Botanical gardens but took a cab back; cost of cabwas $16.00; the gardens are located right beside the Biodome. we enjoyed the gardens but they are probably best seen in spring or summer or earlier in the fall.The fare from the airport by cab was $35.00; we encountered a very rude cabbie but that was the only unpleasant part of our stay.The staff at the hotel were cheerful, helpful and very pleasant. The complimentary breakfast buffet included cold and hot cereals, juices, breads, muffins, waffles, a nice cheese and asparagus egg dish, make your own waffles, fruit and yogurt; something for everyone.There are many restaurants very close by; we had one dinner at the Modavie and the early bird special was $16.00.We found the hotel &quot;homey&quot; and convenient. The air conditioning was noisy but I have yet to find one that isn't. As others pointed out, there is no view.We didn't use the pool or any other hotel facilities; there is an ironing board with iron in the room and a hair dryer. Also a complimentary daily paper. I would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 11 2007	Incredible Location 	The Spring Hill Suites is located in the heart of Old Montreal only a few blocks from the waterfront, the Notre Dame Bascilica and Jacques Cartier Place which has tons of restaurants and shops. We had a suite that overlooked the small alley that fronts the hotel. The room was large and clean. The hotel has a lot of business guests, but was perfect for us tourists too with lots of maps and activity brochures. The front staff was helpful with suggestions of where to eat and knowledgeable about city activities such as the double-decker tour bus. The breakfast buffet was fantastic with a huge array of foods ranging from cold cereals, to eggs and bacon, to a make your own Belgian waffle station. They had something for everyone’s taste buds. For dinner, try Galiano's Italian Restaurant which is within walking distance.	
Oct 7 2007 	Glad we chose The Springhill	Booked this hotel for us &amp; friends after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. Used Marriot.com direct. Reduced rate for Seniors. Could not have chosen better, rooms excellent, location brilliant.The staircase from the lobby could do with re-carpeting, but the lifts/elevators were good, so not a problem. The reception staff were multi-lingual and extremely helpful. We had an excellent meal at the bottom of the street, in Umberto's restaurant. All in all, could not have chosen better, thanksto Trip Advisor.	
Oct 4 2007 	Great Location	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of September 2007. This was a great place to stay in Old Montreal. It’s right in the middle of all the sights, but at the same time we had no problem with noise or heavy traffic right outside the hotel. It is a little hard to find the hotel (we didn’t have GPS – just Mapquest directions). Parking was not much of a hassle – there’s a garage attached to the hotel and the parking is paid on your hotel bill. The suite was great – very clean and spacious (but no great views of the city, which didn’t bother us much). The front desk staff was very friendly and upgraded us for free upon on arrival. We did not have any worries over our safety while at the hotel – inside or out.The breakfast was good – the usual complimentary fare. It would have been nice to have a bigger dining area for the breakfast as the hotel does get busy on the weekends, but they provided trays and “to go” plates, so we just took the breakfast up to our room. We did not try the hotel restaurant as there are a ton of great places to try within minutes from the hotel.Simply put, we did not have any problems during our stay and would highly recommend this place to anyone wanting to enjoy Old Montreal.	
Sep 25 2007 	je ne sais quoi	Springhill Montreal is situated right in Old Montreal. Literally walking distance to all Old Montreal sites. We really enjoyed the restaurant when Charles Dickens wrote &quot;A Tale of Two Cities&quot;, which was walking distance from the hotel. The suite was super clean, spacious and the breakfast came in REALLY handy. One morning, being on vacation time, headed down to breakfast around 9:50, but the breakfast is technically over during the weekdays at 9am. To our surprise, everything was still out, people were eating so we got to jump in late. Plus, we were taking a train to Toronto on Monday, I got to make peanut butter jelly sandwiches for the journey. Worked out well. The staff is helpful in that they answered my tourist questions with map in hand and had a cab waiting when we checked out. Oh yeah, the free internet in the business center was a bonus also.To make a long story short. We were in a great location. And the rooms were great. Even my mom, who is self-admittedly one of the pickiest people you would ever meet, loved this place. And that means A LOT! Montreal is a lot of fun. We will definitely be back!	
Sep 10 2007 	Good Location !!!!!!!	We stayed in a two bed and sleeper sofa room on Sep 2st 2007.The hotel is located in the old montreal in a small alley. If you checkin in the day time it is easy that you canfind this hotel. All the road sign and the name written on each road is in french.The name board for the road is smallar than the normal size. We checked in around 11.00 PM.Since we have navigation system it was really easy to get into this hotel. In the dark withoutnavigation system I believe it will be little bit difficult. The room was good and clean.The hotel is in a very good location. All the main attraction like Notre-Dame Basilica, old portand St.Paul Street (Famous for Cobblerstone street) are in a walkable distance.The breakfast was good.	
Sep 6 2007 	Great location in a modern clean hotel	Stayed here for a few days in late August, everything was smooth, from an early check-in ( as we arrived around 12:30 PM) quiet room, Hotel is located on a side street one block from the popular St Paul's street and a few short blocks from Jacques Cartier Place in old Montreal. Safe area. Plenty of hotels and cafes near by. All the items of a good hotel, Staff was helpful when asked with directions etc. Hotel got us taxis on numerous occasions and hours (as we also took a day trip via rail to Quebec City) with ease. 15 minute walk to downtown. Small pool, but fine for a quick dip. Clean spacious, quiet and comfortable room. Breakfast was fine as well. Would stay again no problem, should I go back to Montreal.	
Sep 4 2007 	Excellent Location	Couldn't have wished for a better location in Vieux Montreal for our 2 night stay on 15th and 16th August. Close to Rue St. Paul and the waterfront, also Place D'Armes metro (very easy to use) is only a 5-10 minute walk away. Check in and check out very straight forward and efficient. Underground parking for 2 days cost us around £20 (including taxes) - not too unreasonable given the location. Room was very spacious for the 4 of us as we were accompanied by our children, aged 12 and 9, having 2 queen beds, 2 TVs, a sitting area, a small kitchenette which included a fridge, microwave and a sink. The only (slight) negative would be the air conditioning units which were a bit on the loud side but did not prevent sleep. The buffet breakfast served on the mezzanine level was very good. I cannot comment on the pool as we never used it (too much to see and do in Montreal).	
Aug 26 2007	Springhill Marriott-Great Place!	We spent a few days here this August. The location is excellent, just steps from the restaurants, waterfront and shops. The hotel was great, staff very friendly, and helpful. Breakfast buffet was fresh and excellent, with an array of foods from fresh fruits to sausage and eggs. Pool and spa good enough for relaxing after a long day of walking. Rooms were large with micro and fridge. Great stay!	
Aug 18 2007 	Better than their Marriott Hotels	Terrific hotel. Great location. Large Rooms with 2 TV's. Mini fridge and microwave in room is great for families. Best of all...comfortable beds, crisp, clean linens, fluffy pillows. Nicer than many Marriot hotels I've stayed in.	
Aug 14 2007 	Wonderful location!	We were traveling with our two college age children (male and female) and it was difficult to find accomodations without booking 2 rooms. We spent extra and booked a deluxe suite with a king size bed. There were 2 sizes and we booked the larger. I was very pleased since when you walk in there is a area with the wet bar, microwave, and counter, along with a small table and 2 chairs. A roll-away bed can fit in here. There is a divider to a small living area with a sofa bed and chair. To the left is a small hall to the bedroom. We spent 3 nights here and never felt like we were on top of each other. The hotel is literally yards from the streets with the restaurants and shops. There is a room with two computers to access the internet, great breakfast, and free lollipops at the front desk. They were very helpful with recommendations and arranging cab service to the airport. I was concerned when I read the post from the woman about the man at her door, but was never concerned for my safety. The Metro was about a 10 minute walk, right next to Chinatown.	
Jul 25 2007 	Awesome all around!	I stayed here for a girl's weekend for my friend's birthday. What a great deal for the money. The hotel is very pretty, is in an excellent location right in old Montreal, has great customer service and is super clean and up to date. We had a fantastic time and you can't beat the location. There was a parking garage and we parked our car right there and never picked it up til we left Montreal. I think this would be a great hotel for families with young children to couples to a girl's or boy's weekend as well! I have stayed in other hotels in Old Montreal for getaways with my husband that are quite lovely, but also the price reflects it. Again, you can't beat this place if you want convenience and amenities on a budget. I highly recommend it!	
Jul 23 2007 	Convenient Hotel	This hotel is just around the corner from the narrow streets of Old Montreal. If you walk 2 blocks south, you will be at the Pier of Old Montreal. The Montreal Science Center is located here. The hotel is well kept and clean. The rooms are clean. The double beds are a bit soft and not as comfortable as the beds of previous Marriott hotels I have stayed at. The two double beds room can sleep 4 to 6 individuals. There is a sofa bed in the room that can sleep two young kids. The microwave, coffeemaker and small bar bridge are very handy.The morning breakfast that is included by the hotel is very convenient. It can get very crowded at times. The early morning sittings are less crowded. The breakfast is available from 6 to 10 am. It seems to be always busy after 9 am. The hot items include sausage patties, hash brown potatoes, scarmbled eggs and waffles. There is plenty of cereal, muffins, pastries, yogurts, bagels, breads and fresh fruits. They provide take out containers for the pastires and drinks.The swimming pool is very tiny. It can be very crowded when there are 6 kids in the pool.The staff are very courteous and the check in and check out was handled very efficiently.The restaurant attached to the hotel is very quaint but the prices were a bit steep. Around the corner from the hotel is the Keg restaurant. There are many sidewalk cafes within one to two blocks from the hotel.There is a Subway and McDonalds also one block away from the hotel. Everything is within walkable distance. There are two subway stations within a 5 minute walk from the hotel. The Chinatown is also 5 minutes away. Had dinner at a Chinese restaurant in Chinatown called Ruby Rouge. The food was very good and the pricing was very reasonable ($75 for a set dinner for 6).Do visit the Biodome, Olympic Stadium, Botanical Gardens and Biosphere. Avoid the Montreal Science center.Montreal was a lovely city to visit. The streets were clean. The traffic and drivers were courteous. The staff at the stores, restaurants and attractions were all very polite and friendly.The fare from the airport was $40 to the downtown hotels.	
Jul 18 2007 	fabulous weather and hotel in vieux montreal	Mid-April is not usually the time of year for the best weather in Montreal, but we were treated to summerlike conditions this weekend. With the excellent weather and the fine accomodations at this hotel, we enjoyed our trip immensely. The hotel was centrally located and the room we occupied was perfect for our family of four. We stayed over the weekend, as seemed many families did and enjoyed a terrific hot breakfast in the morning and a rate that couldn't be beat for the value. We were able to walk to any place that we wanted to go. Cabs and the Metro were easily accessible. We had a room facing Ste. Jean-Baptiste and the passing horse drawn caleches clip-clop was music to our ears. The staff was excellent and the parking easy and secure. I will stay here again on our next trip to Montreal and I recommend you do the same!	
Jul 13 2007 	Old Montreal's Best Deal	This hotel is a find. It is in a great location, about four blocks from Notre Dame de Montreal and two form the harbor but is not a quiet side street. Views are nonexistent but at this price, that's what you get. The rooms are nice, although be aware that many of the suites essentially have a half wall instead of a separate room. However, the sofa bed is comfortable and the area has its own TV. In addition, internet access is also free and very fast.Finally, the included breakfast is more than you would expect for the price and is certainly welcome. I would stay here again every time I go to Montreal.	
Jul 4 2007 	miserable check in	We had a confirmed travelocity reservation which the front desk clerk refused to honor. He told us the reservation was invalid. We had a confirmation number from both travelocity and Marriott, and our reservation had been prepaid. We argued with the clerk for an hour and finally had to call travelocity and they had to call the hotel to get the clerk to honor our prepaid reservation. I have never experienced such rudeness and will never go there again.	
Jun 29 2007	Condescening Non-caring American-Unfriendly Staff	The hotel was very nice. I was in Montreal for business and the accommodations were perfect. A nice mini-kitchen, a desk to work on, and complimentary Internet access were included en suite. The bed was comfortable and the room was spacious. The room was clean and the bathroom was large with a separate shower and tub. My problem was the staff. The problem was so great that everything good about this hotel didn't matter by the time I left.I arrived at the hotel on a Thursday and checked out on Monday. When I arrived I presented my credit card for incidentals. I later learned that the front desk charged the entire room stay on my card. Whenever my company sends me out of town for business, it pre-pays the hotel room through whatever travel agent/travel site it goes through. Well, there was a problem with Orbitz so while they provided a credit card, the room was not, in fact, paid for. My travel manager immediately started working to solve the problem by doing a third-party authorization. Trying to get the hotel desk to handle the third-party authorization was a nightmare. It took almost till the end of my stay to correct the problem. That, however, turned out to be the least of my worries!Sunday morning as I was preparing to leave my room to go to the convention center, someone knocked on my door. I was puzzled as I had the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on my door. I was in the bathroom applying my makeup but went to the door to see who was there. There was a strange man at the door. He was not a hotel employee--he was wearing street clothes--no uniform. I asked who he was and what he wanted. He mumbled something in French and I told him he had the wrong room. He then said something else and again I asked him who he was looking for and got another answer in French. Again I told him he had made a mistake. He then switches to English and tells me to open the door again. Again I let him know he's at the wrong room. I walked away from the door, thinking nothing of it and went back to applying my makeup.About a minute later, there's a loud, insistent knock on my door. The man has not gone away. He then begins to beat on the door with his fists, telling me to open the door and that he was tired of joking and this wasn't funny. Stunned, I yell through the door that he has the wrong room, and if he doesn't go away immediately, I will be calling security (at which point I'm already heading to the phone). While I am dialing the front desk, the man starts jiggling the door handle, beating even harder with his fists, and yelling for me to open the door. I'm a woman, and I'm traveling alone, and I'm not easily frightened, but this had me a bit afraid. Here's the good part: I reach the front desk and tell them to send security up immediately as there is a strange man pounding on my door trying to get in. Front desk's response: &quot;It's probably just housekeeping.&quot; WHAT???? I cannot tell you my utter shock at that response! As calmly as possible I tell the front desk clerk that it is NOT housekeeping, as I have a &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on my door and housekeeping wears a uniform and does not bang on the door with fists. This idiot at the front desk kept insisting it was housekeeping, and asked me if I knew the person at the door. Finally the clerk, who should have been able to hear the would-be intruder in the background, says he's sending someone up.Well of course the culprit is gone by the time someone arrives--and guess whom they sent up? Not security--a member of housekeeping! I ask the man from housekeeping if he saw anyone who fit the description of the man who was beating on the door. He could barely speak English and said he didn't see anyone. I then ask him to please stick around for about 3 minutes so he can walk me out, as I had to leave for the convention center. He promptly turned around and left! After nervously checking the hallway, I departed my room and promptly went to the front desk and asked for the manager. Of course it was too early for the manager to be in. The front desk clerk wanted to then know how he could help. Checking my anger I let him know that I was not happy with the way things were handled. I called with a serious concern and got brushed off as if I'm too stupid to tell the difference between a hotel employee and a possible assailant. Guess what the front desk clerk said? &quot;It was a member of housekeeping&quot;. I asked him if members of housekeeping were prone to beating on guests' doors with their fists while shouting. Again, this clerk tells me it was housekeeping, saying a member from housekeeping went to my room. I told him, 'I know, you sent him up to my room AFTER I called to complain that a strange man was trying to gain access to my room&quot;. The front desk just looked at me like I was an idiot and a thorn in his side. Since there was no manager there, I left to take care of my business at the convention center.When I returned later that day, I again asked for the manager. Again, the manager was not in. A different clerk asked if he could help. I explain the situation again. Guess what he said? &quot;It was probably housekeeping.&quot; I felt like I was in a twisted Twilight Zone episode. I again asked if housekeeping was prone to such violence--pounding doors with fists, shaking door handles, and shouting. For a moment I thought this guy finally got it, because he apologized. But then he ruined it by saying, &quot;Things like that don't happen here, Madame, I can assure you it is an isolated incident.&quot; Well, heck, it only takes ONE isolated incident to wind up raped or murdered!Upon checkout a third clerk asked how my stay was, and I told him. I also let him know I had filled out a comment card (and added three additional sheets of paper to it) detailing my thoughts on the hotel's staff. I then told him that I didn't expect anyone to act on it since no one seemed to give a darn about anything there anyway, but it made me feel better to write it.When I got back to the States, my travel manager heard about my horror story and called the hotel and read them the riot act. I then got a call from the general manager of the hotel who was quite gracious. He apologized for his staff's callous behavior, saying that they should have &quot;overreacted&quot; to my concerns and worried about whether they were legitimate later, in other words better safe than sorry. He asked for specifics as to the time(s) my calls and complaints were made so he could identify the employees who didn't treat them seriously and reprimand them. I asked the general manager what the procedure is for incidents such as this, and asked about the security staff. Much to my surprise--they have no security staff!!!! The general manager said they use housekeeping for security issues! While the general manager did everything he could to smooth things over (he took a description of the man and they were going to check security cameras), the entire thing was a fiasco. How do you not have a security staff to protect your guests?????I truly believe a lot of the attitude (condescending, snobbish) I received from the hotel staff had to do with my being an American. I found throughout my entire stay in the city that for the most part, I and other Americans who were attending the convention there were treated quite shabbily. I and another American business associate were treated rudely at the convention center. I had a taxi driver drive around in circles &quot;trying to find&quot; a restaurant for which I had given him the address--being that all the street names and signs are in French, he probably figured I didn't notice. I'll NEVER be returning to Montreal, that's for sure, and my company is not going to open up business there for the same reason. It was not a welcome place to be.	
Jun 20 2007 	Great Location Nice and Clean	This is a great location in Old Montreal, a stones throw from Notre Dame Cathedral. Excellent restaurants abound nearby. The pool is indeed tiny, but no one really goes to Montreal to swim in a hotel pool anyway. It is located behind some buildings that make it tough to see from the main streets. Very clean rooms and public areas. Tasty and comprehensive breakfast. The room size was not large, but big enough. I am not sure why it's called a suite since it looked like a normal hotel room to me.	
Jun 10 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed 1 night at this hotel and had wonderful service from the moment we got there. Tina at the reception desk was great in finding us another room as the one I booked on-line for 2 adults and 2 children (16 yrs) only had a single sofa-bed. We were, without any trouble given a room with 2 double beds, living room, wet bar and a terrace (not a balcony). It was fantastic. The continental breakfast is much more than that and was a great way to start the day. When we got back my husband realized that he had forgotten a pair of shoes. We called the hotel and had to leave a message with housekeeping not knowing if someone would call back however Janet did and yes they had the shoes which were returned promptly. As we are only 2 hrs away and often go to Montreal and have stayed in many hotels we definitely will be back at the Springhill Marriott. The location is great and the service was EXCELLENT!!! Felicitations!	
May 30 2007 	Can't Beat This Location	We stayed at this hotel for two nights prior to our cruise leaving Montreal. What a fantastic location! I hate to repeat all that has been said before, but it's hard not to go on about the number of restaurants and other sites to see within easy walking distance.In addition to Old Montreal, the waterfront is an easy walk. The riverside park is lovely with lots of activity including a science center and IMAX theater. Lots to do for the whole family.Metro is close by but we walked everywhere including downtown. It took about 20 minutes, but was an easy walk. The nearest metro stop was less then 10 minutes away.The staff was great. Very friendly and helpful. We didn't run into anyone who didn't speak english. All restaurants in the Old Montreal area had bi-lingual menus, downtown there were more all french ones, but just ask for a bi-lingual one and you'll get it with a smile. We actually walked from the hotel to our cruise ship (MS Maasdam), it was that close. But I wouldn't do this again as we had to negotiate some stairs at the cruise terminal and wheeled suitcases really don't help you there. Take a cab if you're cruising, it will take you up to the proper level of the terminal and probably cost under $8 CAD.	
May 29 2007	Absolutely the best!	We were there about the same time frame as the last two folks. This is a fantastic hotel. I can only say the same things, but I'll repeat...The staff is incredible...so friendly and helpful! Computer on second floor with free internet. (For those of us without laptops.) The room was great....large room, comfortable bed, mini-fridge, office area, decent-size bathroom, big towels!The breakfast was more than you would ever expect and delicious! The location - everything is right there! or close to it. And really, considering the price of other hotels in the area, this one is reasonable.	
May 24 2007 	A-One locationbetter than average hotel	We were there the same weekend as the previous poster, same type of room also.The location of this hotel can not be beaten...you are in the middle of Old Montreal which is the best place to be. Short walk to numerous restaurants (about a hundred?), pubs (brewpub around the corner) and cafes through cobblestone streets...lots of street buskers...short walk to the waterfront and watch ships (and cruise ships) come in. Lots of people watching also.Breakfast was included all three days of our stay...much more than a &quot;continental&quot; breakfast as listed. We both agreed that the food was terrific.Staff was very helpful...will speak English or French...the only small quibble I had was that we found the room &quot;stuffy&quot; even with the overhead fan on.Good restaurants that we tried...Les 3 Brasseurs, Chez Suzette, and the best for last &quot;Gibbys&quot; for a softball size filet mignon. Staff there did there utmost to make our dinner memorable.We cant wait to go back.	
May 21 2007 	Great hotel for a romantic getaway	What a great place to plan for a romantic getaway. There seemed to be plenty of kids at the hotel so it seems very suitable for families too.The staff are friendly and helpful at the front desk and in the garage (valet parking only). The breakfast was by far the best of the many I’ve had in recent memory. My companion had the waffles and I had a cheddar and spinach omelet. There was plenty of fresh juice, fruit and the more usual assortments of breakfast fare. The room was large with a marvelous and comfortable king-sized bed. There was a fridge, microwave, hair dryer and an iron and ironing board. Our room was in the back of the hotel with out any city noises intruding.The location in Old Montreal where there are many fine walks yet it is still close to downtown. I highly recommend it.	
May 15 2007 	Wonderful hotel	This hotel has it all - wonderful location in Vieux Montreal, underground parking which is good as you can walk to all interesting places, restaurants etc. The rooms are large and well laid out with a workplace, desk, chair and good lights, separated from the sleeping area. 2 TV sets, 1 in bedroom and 1 in living room area, both with remote controls, nice touch!Internet in the rooms available at no extra charge, RJ45 cable in deskdrawer so not wireless. Included full breakfast was excellent with waffle maker, one hot egg dish and many cold items; constantly refilled by attentive staff. Front desk helpful to newcomers; map and information gladly shared. All this and you earn Marriott points too!!	
Apr 16 2007 	Nice stay	We enjoyed our two nights at the SpringHill Suites. The hotel is very conviently located for seeing Old Montreal, but a little difficult to find on a dark, rainy evening. The reception staff were very nice and helpful with our checking in and out and with questions. The included breakfast was quite good with hot food, pastries, self-cook waffles, etc. Our room had 2 TVs (great for the kids), a generous sized bathroom, and two double beds. The living area had a sofa, recliner, desk, microwave and mini-fridge. Everything was clean and comfortable. The only negative was an odd smell in the hallways of burning paper--like we were next to an incinerator. But the smell was not evident in the room. The swimming pool is quite small, but there were no other guests using it while we were there.	
Feb 24 2007 	Great stay in Old Montreal	We stayed here Feb 16-19 with our 3 children. Our suite was roomy - 2 double beds and a pull out sofa with 2 TV's. The hotel was within walking distance of most of the area attractions as well as many restaurants. The breakfast was great - different egg dish each day, waffles, muffins, fruit and cereal. We filled up each morning! The front desk staff was helpful in suggesting area attractions that were suitable for our children. The hotel was alos a short walk to the metroOur one complaint was the size of the pool - VERY small! There were 6 kids in there one afternoon which was crowded. A bigger pool would have been great but since that's not the reason we traveled to Canada, it wasn't a big dealWe would go there again should we visit Old Montreal	
Jan 9 2007 	Not quite a Marriott but not that bad either	4 of my friends stayed over at the Springhill Suites in Old Montreal over the first weekend in January. While the weather wasn't great, it wasn't the blistering cold weather that Montreal is accustomed to in these months. We checked in at about 2:00 and was given a room on the first floor. The room was large, but felt cramped. There was a pull-out bed, two fairly large twin beds, two tvs, sink, microwave, and refrigerator; amenities that the normal business traveler and most college students would prefer. We asked for a roll-away bed and got it several minutes later which at the time seemed great, however maneuvering the actual bed to fit the confines of our room was quite a challenge; almost like a tetris game gone wrong.We stayed for 3 nights and while the stay wasn't bad, it wasn't up to the expectations of my usual Marriott stays. While there was a free buffet breakfast, the breakfast was way too early to catch and wasn't appetizing enough to want to get up for. Our room had a view; of the office building adjacent to us, with the peering eyes of Montreal executives able to look into our room. The hotel is literally tucked away in a European-style alleyway and while it had it's charm and class, I would've traded that away for a much more private, yet sprawling suite.The location is great; at the end of St. Laurent, 3-4 blocks away from the Place D'Armes metro stop, and right in the middle of Old Montreal by the water. There's no need to drive around in the city, as we walked to and from St. Laurent bars nightly and rode the Metro to places on St. Catherine by McGill.	
Dec 17 2006 	wonderful stay	we spent two night at the marriott spring hill suiteswonderful little hotel we were so impressed we booked their other property next at mt tremblant that was great two but anyway back to montreal great location good rooms hepful friendly staff i would have no problem recommending to a friendyour in the heart of old montreal close to the notre dame but it is down a small side street so it can take a bit of finding but well worth it	
Nov 5 2006 	I would stay here again!	My husband and I spent 2 nights at this hotel at the end of October. We're from Hong Kong so we're used to staying at super 5 star hotels and super duper service fit for a king.I thought that the Springhill Suites in Old Montreal were great for the price we paid, and very conveniently located right next to the Notre Dame. It's also located near lots of top ranked restaurants. The room was clean, the &quot;living room&quot; area was a little small but it had a small kitchen w/ microwave and refridgerator. The bathrooms were good sized.The service was average (we know we can not compare North American hotels with the service we're used to in Asia). The check-in staff were friendly and the hotel staff were nice. The only complaint I have is we had to carry our bags (1 huge suitcase and 3 smaller bags) to our room. They did give us a luggage cart but I can't figure out where the bellboys were (another guest mentioned they saw bellboys at the hotel?).I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 1 2006 	Not What I'd Hoped	I stay at tons of Marriott's (I'm a gold elite member). Experience here wasn't good. Pool is tiny and scruffy, property is just so-so maintained. Lots of little things went wrong, lots of little price surprises at check-in...nothing to totally upset me, but just leave me with cumulative impression that the property isn't very well-run. The small suites are really just hotel rooms. The larger ones aren't exactly large, either. Front desk refused to upgrade me (as a gold member, I'm usually upgraded)...wanted to charge me $30/night for an upgrade. Seemed petty.Everyone's friendly, though. And the restaurant (if you can afford it) is unbelievably cool (it's hundreds of years old). Parking garage is well run, and you get your car quickly.I bailed out in mid-stay and went to Courtyard, which is much nicer, and better run and maintained. See my review there.	
Oct 30 2006 	Springhill Suites in Old Montreal Couldn't Be Better	This hotel/motel was wonderfully located just half a block from the main street (rue Saint-Paul) in Old Montreal. It was only two blocks from the Notre-Dame Basilica. Driving up to it through what looked like an alley, not a street, we were a little apprehensive about the seemingly small, simple dark brick entrance. But once inside, all doubts disappeared. The hosts at the reception area were friendly; bellboy would not even accept a tip. I had asked for a quiet room and received one on the sixth floor. At the same price as many other motel rooms, it was so nice to have a suite that had cozy two-seater couch, desk and chair, mini-bar and sink. The bed, pillows, coverlet were, oh so, comfortable. We did not use the restaurant connected with the hotel, but walked to each of the great restaurants recommended by their staff. We were so pleased not to have to drive anywhere. Since we were only there for a day and a half, did our sightseeing by foot in Old Montreal and by Greyline (shuttle to starting point picks up hotel guests on site) throughout the city. I am going to tell all my friends to stay at Springhill Suites because of this good experience.	
Oct 25 2006 	Perfect Place to Stay	We had one precious day to see Montreal, tacked on to our cruise. We could not have made a better choice. Perfectly located in Old Montreal and close to the ship, so we didn't waste traveling time. Great restaurants, shops, museums, attractions within easy walking distance - and not far from the Metro. Our room was clean and quiet. Would accomodate family or couple easily. Free Internet room available to guests! Breakfast was lacking, but local options were more interesting anyway. Staff spoke English and was extremely helpful. Not too expensive, especially when booking ahead.	
Oct 24 2006 	Hurry to this Hotel!	I heartily agree with all the other reviewers that this is an excellent hotel in all respects! The location is fantastic--a mere four block walk to the metro and downtown, a few blocks from Place Jacques Cartier and there are numerous restaurants(including Indian, Mexican and Quebecois) nearby as wellas money exchange and other necessities. The hotel isextremely quiet as it is hidden on a very untrammeled street;the staff is extremely helpful and, like most Montrealers, not offended by hopelessly inadequate French! One particular woman even offered to look up movie times on the office internet connection. The price is very reasonable for the quality and location relative to other hotels I checked on, although I did get the government employee rate on the Marriott website. The breakfast is better than many provided by other hotelsand the coffee strong, just as I like it, as well as accompaniedby free newspapers, both French and English. I highly recommend this hotel! The only downside at all was that theKing suite was a bit small in the bed area, but the large bathroom area more than made up for it and is but a minor quibble...	
Oct 10 2006 	Perfect!!	This is a fantastic choice of hotel in Montreal!! The location cannot be beaten, right in old Montreal, in between Notre Dame and Place Jacques Cartier. The staff are friendly and attentive when approached. The room could not be faulted. HUGE, clean, with separate lounge, bathroom and bedroom with a comfortable bed and good shower pressure. The small kitchenette with microwave was an added bonus. The breakfast, which was included in the price, was adequate, although I would avoid the hot items. A word of caution of you're a smoker as all Marriots have now gone smoke free. You need a balcony room if you wish to smoke. Still, a great overall choice, and staying in old Montreal is so much more appealing than downtown (which is only about a 10 min walk away). As I was attending a conference at Place de Armes, it was only a five minute walk, if less, to get there. There is also a large supermarket near by, very handy for drinks, snacks etc. Could not recommend highly enough!! Go now!!!	
Sep 11 2006 	This hotel is a real winner	It's very difficult to find fault with the SpringHill Suites Hotel. To begin with, the location is excellent - right in the heart of Vieux Montreal, close to the old port area, Notre Dame Basilica, myriad cafes and restaurants, quaint shops, and a short ten minute walk to the Place d-Armes metro station.We found the hotel itself to be very comfortable, relaxing, and clean. The staff was both friendly and helpful, always greeting us with a pleasant &quot;bonjour.&quot; Compared to other hotel venues, the rooms are quite large with a great deal of space, coupled with an oversized bathroom where you can actually move around and not feel cramped. Having a mini kitchen facility in the room that includes a compact refrigerator is a huge bonus as it allows you to keep cold beverages handy should you get thirsty in the middle of the night or while just relaxing in the room. An ice machine is located in the hallway along with a soft drink vending machine.Our room was clean, comfortable, and most important, very quiet. All electronic components (i.e., TV, air conditioning, etc.) functioned properly and the shower had very good pressure. Housekeeping was always completed in a timely manner and a newspaper is delivered to your door in the morning.The expanded continental breakfast included in the rate is excellent (although the orange juice is very watered down). The buffett consisted of the usual variety of cereals, juices, fruits, scrambled eggs, as well as a waffle iron to grill your own waffles. I was impressed that in addition to the usual fare of regular and decaf coffees, the buffett also served several specialty blends such as French Roast, etc. Moreover, styrofoam containers along with plastic eating utensils are provided to take items &quot;to go&quot; if you're in a hurry or choose to eat a light breakfast in your room. In summary, we were very impressed with the SpringHill Suites Hotel. Add the money you save (if you can garner a great rate as we did) compared to the rates of the surrounding &quot;boutique&quot; hotels in the area and you have a real winner. Unless you're interested or determined to stay in a hotel with a fantastic view, or one that radiates old world charm and character (and of course pay the higher rates that go along with these amenities), I highly recommend staying at the SpringHill Suites.	
Sep 7 2006 	Great stay at SpringHill Suites!	After reading so many wonderful reviews on Trip Advisor, I couldn’t wait to stay at SpringHill Suites. I am happy to say that I was not disappointed! The property is located in Old Montreal, on a side street that is right in the middle of everything: Notre Dame Basilica is a couple of blocks down the road, the Metro is a short walk (Place d’Armes stop is about 10 minutes away), the Old Port is nearby, as well as tons of restaurants and cute sidewalk cafes, and some souvenir shopping. There is valet parking at the hotel ($18 CAD/night) and I found it to be very convenient to use, and the price is well worth it. I can’t rave enough about the location. Some people had told me that I might be better off staying downtown, and while I certainly enjoyed sightseeing in that area of the city, Old Montreal was much better suited to my tastes. There are cobblestone streets and horse drawn carriages, lots of little streets and squares to explore, complete with street performers, beautiful old buildings, and it is easy to get around. I was on a little romantic vacation with my husband, and this area was terrific. The hotel itself is very nice. Having stayed at other SpringHill locations, I found this one to be a bit more upscale. There is a small exercise room, a small indoor pool, and a small hot tub. There is a spa and restaurant adjacent, although I didn’t use either. We did check out the menu for the restaurant/room service, and thought it was a little pricy (we were trying to keep our costs to middle of the road type restaurants). The complimentary breakfast buffet featured scrambled and hard-boiled eggs, sausages, tater tots, make-your-own waffles, yogurt, and assorted fruits and muffins/pastries. The food was not terrific, but certainly adequate. We had a studio king suite, and it included a small kitchen area with a mini-fridge, microwave, and a coffee maker. There was a desk with a phone and lamp, and a couch and armchair with a TV on a dresser. A half wall separated the living area from the sleeping area which had a king bed and a small closet. The bathroom was large, and the sink/mirror was outside of the bathroom, which I always like. The room had a hairdryer. There are no safes in the room, but safety deposit boxes are available at the front desk. Our room was kept very clean. As other reviewers have mentioned, the hotel is on a side street, so don’t expect a view. We didn’t spend enough time in the room for this to matter to us at all.The service at the hotel was good. We were checked in by a friendly lady, and each time we entered the lobby we were greeted with a “Bonjour!” by whoever was working at the time. They also provided us with a very nice map, and excellent pre-typed directions to some area attractions. The housekeeping staff always said hello, and the breakfast staff kept the tables clear and the food stocked. The valets were very helpful, and always got our car right to us. The only negative thing I have to say about my entire experience at the hotel was that one front desk clerk treated me rudely. I saw her be rude to others as well, so maybe she was just having a bad day. Honestly, the kindness and helpfulness of the rest of the staff made me all but forget about it.Overall, my stay here far exceeded my expectations and I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great stay in Old Montreal. Montreal as a city was spectacular, and I can’t wait to go back.	
Sep 6 2006 	Great!	Great hotel. Location is unbeatable. Rooms are very comfortable. We stayed in a standard king room with sofa-bed for our 4 year old and a crib for our 1.5 year old and it was great (even though the website said it could only fit 3 people).Breakfast was one of the best we have had in North America.And did I mention the location?The restaurant in the hotel is absolutely amazing too - again, one of the best dinner meals we have had in North America.The pool is small but who cares - the kids had a ball!	
Sep 5 2006 	Great hotel and location!	A friend and I stayed here the last weekend in August. It was very nice. Room had a nice sitting area and kitchette. Really liked that laundry was just down the hall (we were on a long roadtrip). Breakfast better than most continental breakfasts included in package.The best was the location -- just a half block from lots of restaurants and shops in Vieux Montreal.I would recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Sep 4 2006 	Fantastic location	My husband, son and I stayed here for three nights in late August. This hotel is right in the Old City, and is also within a short walking distance to the Metro. It is quiet, clean and has a terrific breakfast buffet - hot and cold. We will definitely stay here again the next time we come to Montreal.	
Aug 16 2006 	Location location location!!!	Have traveled with my husband and young chlidren. The location is wonderful - right in the heart of Old Montreal, and a walking sitance from all of Old Montreal attractions.The room (king + sofa bed) was very nice. However - keep in mind that the sofa bed is small, and cannot fit two older children (our 8 and 5 year old could bearly fit in...). The AC was noisy, but the roon was very comfortable and the king bed was extremely cozy.If you're looking for an olympic size pool - this is not the place for you. The pool is tiny, and the spa can bearly fit two adults. Breakfast was wonderful!!! It was a bit coursy the second morning, but they opened an extra conference room, and it was fine.Service is great, the rooms are very clean, and parking is\very convenient (27 Canadian Dollars per day, including tax).We had a great time, will stay there in the future for sure, and highly recommend the SpringHill Montreal. Enjoy you stay!	
Aug 15 2006 	Hidden Gem	Great hotel in an excellent, quiet location to explore the fun and beauty of Old Montreal. Overall the hotel is a gem for the price. The service is excellent! Ask for one of the rooms with a balcony (if you want to sit outside for a morning coffee or evening drink), even if it does not have much of a view. The morning breakfast menu could be a improved by changing things more daily, but you can have some tasty food before heading out to explore this wonderful city. I definitely recommend this place!	
Aug 8 2006	Terrific Advice we received from Trip Advisor	Just returned from a three week trip that included five nights in Montreal at the Spring Hills Marriot. It was every bit as good as many on this site said. Not terribly expensive, fabulous location, extremely helpful front desk, very clean with very large suite rooms with an equally confortable bed that used duvets and not blankets. Thank goodness many hotels are going in that direction. We definitely would return and recommend it to everyone!	
Aug 7 2006	Great place	Spent 2 nites in Montreal in early August. Hotel is in a great spot for people exploring Old Montreal. Walking distance to everything. Staff is friendly, knowledgable and polite. Gave great recommendations for dinner! Only &quot;negatives&quot;.. hotel is on a side street so don't go expecting a view. Also they use older air conditioning units. Normally would not be a big deal but just happened that the time we were in Montreal was in the middle of a heat wave. Air cons were noisy, but they worked, so I can't complain too much.	
Aug 1 2006 	Can';t beat the location! Would return next time...	We stayed 5 nights and were very pleased with the hotel. You cannot beat the location - right in Old Montreal and just a block from the port area. Our room was an attractive, clean, large kingsize suite, but alas, no door on the bedroom area which I would have preferred given our teenagers in the living room area (one on the pullout loveseat, the other on a cot $15 night). The breakfast is so-so, but...free! So we were there most mornings for the waffle and coffee (not for the powered eggs and mystery meat sausage). I would skip the pool which was very tiny and in a small interior room. But I can't imagine anyone seeking out the pool in this location with the action just steps from the front door. We paid $195 CA per night for the suite and consider it well worth it given the great location. We'll stay there again.	
Jul 27 2006 	We loved it!	We stayed here for two nights in late July, and were pleased with just about everything, from the helpful and cheerful desk staff upon our arrival to the size, cleanliness, and amenities of the room. We stayed in a deluxe studio suite with a king bed and a balcony. The suite gave the illusion of two rooms, as it had a dividing wall between the bed-closet-TV area and the sofa-kitchenette-TV area. The bathroom was quite large, and sparkling clean. The kitchenette had a sink, microwave, fridge, and desk, and the living area with the sofa opened to the patio with two chairs and a table and was for joint use with the next room. The first day there we left for most of the day, to be disappointed when we returned at 4:00 to see that I had accidentally left the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door, so our room had not been cleaned. Minutes after removing the sign, the cleaning staff appeared to clean the room!! The location was perfect for exploring the old town. Breakfast was the typical &quot;hot breakfast&quot; that many hotels offer -- &quot;make your own&quot; waffles, croissants, muffins, sweet rolls, funny-looking sausage, quiche-y sort of egg dishes, tater tots, yogurt, cereal..........They have one computer on the same floor as the breakfast-- in a private &quot;business&quot; room. All in all, this was a lovely experience.	
Jul 18 2006	Excellent Hotel - Highly	My girlfriend and I just got back from a stay at Springhill Suites and we loved the hotel. I can't say I have one complaint about the hotel at all. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous. If you want to stay in Old Montreal, the location was perfect. We really loved our room. It was very cozy and extremely clean. We had a small kitchenette with a sink, coffee maker, microwave, and mini fridge. There was another small room with a couch and a tv. The bedroom had another tv and beautiful queen size bed. The biggest surprise is that our room had a large balcony. You could go outside and it was a large stone balcony with a table and a set of chairs. Not the best views but I wasn't complaining, it was still very sweet.Having breakfast included definitely helped the budget a bit and I have to say it was more than adequate. The breakfast included eggs\sausages\potatoes\waffeles\bagels\cereals\muffins\yogurt and fresh juices\coffee. I'm no gourmand but everything tasted good to me.All in all we had a great time and I couldn't have been happier with choosing SpringHill Suites. If you're looking to stay in Montreal this is the place to stay.	
Jul 10 2006	Perfect location for Old Montreal	This hotel is a great choice in the very heart of Old Montreal. We are a threesome: two parents and a teenage daughter. All of the old city and its charm is within 6 minutes walking. We had a blast.Pros: Location, location, location. Excellent quality of the room's furnishings and appointments. Free high speed internet. Free buffet breakfast served until 10:30 am. Friendly staff. Free parking. Responsive room service and housekeeping. Business office. Gymnasium room. Washing machine and dryer available.Cons: Only a few minor ones. The room was small for three (although fine for two). Many rooms with no views to speak of (I'd rather have location). The swimming pool and jacuzzi were very small. Staff was courteous but poorly informed about local (or area) restaurants and events. If you come late to the buffet breakfast, don't eat the scrambled eggs--they'll be like rubber from having become overcooked.	
Jun 28 2006	Great location	Had a two night stay at this lovely hotel. Perfect location for seeing Old Montreal. The rooms were big and the breakfast was great. Staff were very helpful!!	
Jun 22 2006	big room nice hotel good location for exploring old montreal	just got back from a 2 night visit and had a really nice stay here. i got a king deluxe and the room was huge. very nicely decorated and very clean. there was a large bedroom area with tv, a separate sitting room with sofas and another tv (was very impressed with the large selection of on-demand movies), and room with a desk, fridge, microwave and coffee maker. the bathroom was very nice and had plenty of toiletries (which were replenished everyday). this is one of the only hotels i can remember that offered mouthwash. a little thing but a nice thing. the location is great for exploring old montreal. a bit far from downtown but not too bad. the metro place d'armes is about 5 minutes away so that was good to get into the downtown area. the walk would be bout 20 min. or so. lots of restaurants nearby. a pasta place called pizzedelic on notre dame was surprisingly good and reasonable. it was nice that the hotel offered a buffet breakfast in the morning. nice variety of breads, muffins and cereal with fruits and yogurt. they also offered hot eggs, a meat side (sausage/ham), and potato taters. i wasn't too impressed with the quality of the hot offerings but there is certainly plenty of other things to eat. amazing house cleaning service too. i had left my room for breakfast for about 20 min and when i came back my room had been completely cleaned. very nice. i didn't deal with the staff too much but they were quite friendly when i did. though it was a bit pricier than i wanted to pay perhaps because when i booked the cheapest room they had was a king deluxe. a smaller room would have been fine. i would stay at this hotel again as i know i would have a relaxing and pleasant stay.	
Jun 4 2006	A Great Little Gem	We stayed here over the US Memorial Day weekend. My husband loved the location, the staff and the room. Everything is in walking distance and there are wonderful restaurants in the neighborhood. It was Paris &quot;light&quot;	
May 31 2006	What a wee gem	We recently returned from a three night stay at this hotel and were more than happy in fact so much so we just couldn't find fault with anything, I would definately recommend this hotel as suitable for any age group and would have no hesitation staying here again 10 out of 10 to all the staff	
May 23 2006	Loved It	We stayed here for 3 nites and would highly recommend it. The location was great, the room spacious and very clean. The staff were very courteous and always helpful. This is the place to stay in Old Montreal! We'll be back at the Springhill Suites next trip to Montreal...what a gem!	
Apr 21 2006	Good for exploring Old Montreal	The location of Spring Hill Suites in Montreal is certainly its best asset if you want to explore Old Montreal. My husband and I stayed on an upper floor in a suite with a balcony which was comfortable and clean. The &quot;living room&quot; space was very small, as were the windows, but it provided us with a couple of comfortable locations for relaxing at the end of a long day of walking. The pool was also very small and the whirlpool the size of bathtub. After the first morning we opted out of the breakfast which was very &quot;packaged&quot; and quite unappealing. We did find a great Chinese restuarant at the west end of Chinatown, the Kam Fung. The food was very abundant and delicious...we'd highly recommend.	
Mar 23 2006	In the middle of the party	I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. Its right in the middle of Old Montreal and there is always something going on there. We've stayed there more than once and when I do return to Montreal I am looking forward to staying there again!	
Mar 20 2006	Great Hotel	Tucked away on a narrow side-street in charming Old Montreal the Springhill Suites in Montreal doesn't look like much from the outside. However the lobby is lovely, the rooms huge (we had a suite) and the breakfast was above average. Our Suite (one partially seperated room) consisted of 2 queen sized beds, a pullout sofabed suitable for 2 children or 1 adult and a small office area with fridge, microwave and sink. Internet access is free. The breakfast included eggs, meats, pasteries, yogurt, fruit, waffles, cereal etc...There were only 2 downsides to the hotel. One is that the pool and hot tub are very small and on the day we were there the pool water was frigid and the hot tub was lukewarm at best (however another guest said it was very different the day before). The other is that the hotel is only 6 stories high and suites are only on the first 2 or 3 levels, so if a striking view of Montreal is a must - this isn't the hotel for you. It is a charming hotel with a great location and price. We would definitely stay there again!	
Mar 19 2006	Nice and Reliable	This is a very nice hotel. As mentioned in the prior reviews, located on an alley type street. Several restaurants nearby, small market, etc. Turn Down Service was nice. Small but useful indoor pool and hot-tub, with an adjacent work-out room. $18CAN for valet parking.Very nice hotel with English and French speaking employees. Typical Marriott (Residence Inn / Springhill Suites) buffet breakfast served in a nice room with fireplace.Nothing to complain about, and our family likes the Sprinhill Suites brand because of their large rooms and ability to sleep five.I will note that Marriott recently raised its quality category on this hotel from a Category 4 to a Category 5. I can't specifically state why I believe it is unwarranted, but it would be almost impossible for me to think of a Springhill Suites brand, which is known for its value, as a Near Luxury Category 5. To me it might cheapen the other Category 5 hotels, as I used to think of this as a luxury category. Like I said, we had Turn Down service and I did not want for anything, but would think a Category 5 might be a reach for any Springhill Suite.	
Jan 13 2006	Location Location Location	We have stayed at this hotel at least 10 times in the past 5 years. We are always impressed with the staff; polite, helpful, knowledgeable, and eager to please. We always request early check-in and usually arrive around 11 AM. We have only had to wait once and that time we left our bags at the desk and went to the tourist info office, purchased our 3 day metro/bus pass (they will give you a free map that shows the bus routes, metro stations and streets...you will need no other map), picked up coupon books and other helpful info. When we returned, our room was ready. There is a great little retaurant called The Keg at the end of the street where it meets Rue St Paul just below the hotel. It's a great place to sit in the corner window in overstuffed chairs and people-watch. The Martinis and appetizers are first-rate and all we ever get. It opens at 2 PM and if you're there when it opens you are assured of the best seat in Old Montreal. Back to the hotel...it is right in the heart of Old Montreal and only a 5 minute walk from the Metro. You can catch the bus about a block away. Valet parking costs $18.00 a day and is a real bargain as all parking is expensive in the Old Town. Rooms are not terribly big but certainly adequate. Ask for 2 double beds as these rooms are a bit bigger. The buffet breakfast (included) will get you through till dinner. Our rooms have always been spotlessly clean. We qualify for the government discount so it's a real bargain for us. Don't expect a view. It's on a side street and there are no good views. Our favorite restaurant in Old Montreal is the Vieux de Port, about two blocks from the hotel. They have all inclusive lunch deals Monday through Friday that can't be beat. For our money, this is the best hotel in Montreal.	
Dec 29 2005 	Very nice!	If you are looking for a nice quiet hotel, this is it. It is tucked down one of the side streets in Old Montreal, and is very quaint. The rooms are generous in size, with a seperate sitting and work areas. The food in the hotel restaurant was excellent. Would stay again at this hotel next time.	
Nov 26 2005	lovely	Fantastic - rooms are spacious &amp; packed with everything mini kitchen (microwave fridge &amp; sink) included I was travelling with 6 month old baby so this was a great benefit Breakfast included typical american buffet loads to choose from &amp; we even took some back to our room for later!!! All major tours/day trips will pick you up from the door Its right around the corner from notre dame etc but quite far from the main city itself at least 20 mins walk from railway station Also not many places to eat at night except for restaurant (not v good with baby) but I definitely recommend this hotel	
Nov 8 2005	sooo nice!!!	This hotel is fantastic. It is in a really nice location on a quiet street (in fact, I don't think I have ever stayed at a quieter hotel). The staff was friendly and the rooms were quaint and clean.The breakfast was pretty good (although I suspect that they cook their eggs in a microwave...yuck), it included a waffle iron and lots of different pastries.Loved it!!	
Nov 1 2005	Great suites and great price!	Stayed at the Springhill Suites in Old Montreal last weekend and I must say how pleased we were. Large suites with 2 double beds, fold out couch, fridge, microwave and sitting area. The hotel is quite posh for the price and the location is ideal. Breakfast buffet is included and includes fruit, cereals, varities of breads and buns, oatmeal, scrambled and boiled eggs, sausage, and make your own waffles. Service throughout our stay was lovely. Would go back in a minute!	
Sep 30 2005	Pleasantly surprised!	My friend and I stayed here a few weeks ago because of the excellent ratings it received here on TripAdvisor. Still, we were a little wary of a Springhill Suites since we're used to the larger, standard Marriott's.This location is perfect - literally a block from Old Montreal and in walking distance to all of the cool parts of town. If you like to gamble, the Casino Montreal shuttle bus - which is free - stops about two blocks from the hotel.But back to the room...it was large, airy and clean with a killer air conditioning unit (perfect, as it was unseasonably HOT!). Our little kitchen area was never used, but we were happy to have a fridge.The rooms are equipped with free high-speed Internet, but if you didn't schlep the laptop, you can use the computer in the business center - for free! There is only one, however, so sometimes there is a wait.We also took advantage of the exercise room, which was small (one bike, one treadmill, some free weights and an all-in-one weight machine), but also free. And the one day we had breakfast - included in our price - it was fantastic. You could make your own waffles or choose from the standard assortment of cereals, bagels and hard-boiled eggs.It's also worth checking out the hotel bar, which is a cozy combination of ski lodge and retro-chic furniture.We received excellent service from the patient front desk clerks, who were always happy to give us directions and deal with our stupid American tourist questions. The only tiny drawback was parking -- not exactly cheap at $18 a day. But otherwise, we'd stay here again in a heartbeat. Great value, great location.	
Sep 11 2005	Good choice (help from Trip Advisor)	We stayed here in August 2005 after selecting the hotel because of the excellent reviews and it certainly didn't disappoint. Excellent breakfasts, large room and free internet connection. Also, very centrally situated in the old port so handy for lots of bars and restaurants.	
Sep 2 2005	Loved this hotel!!	Just returned from Springhill Suites and LOVED this hotel. We were originally booked at the Clarion Suites in downtown Montreal, but were very disappointed when we arrived - stayed one night and switched to the Springhill. What a difference! Springhill staff are very courteous and helpful, from the reception staff to the people who park your car. The room was more than ample for my husband and I and our two daughters. There were two double beds and a single pull out couch in the livingroom area. The room was very clean and furniture was very nice. The area was extremely close to everything. Metro was a couple short blocks, Old Port a few blocks and all the shops and restaurants a very short walking distance. Hot breakfast every morning included with a great variety of foods. Next time we come to Montreal we will be staying at the Springhill Suites. This is a great hotel with a lot of amentities. You will enjoy it also.	
Aug 24 2005 	A very comfortable and friendly Old Montreal hotel	Stayed at the Springhill August 19-21. Studio suite was very clean and not lacking any important amenites. Breakfast provided in room rate was more ample and with greater selection than I expected. Staff at front desk and in the breakfast room were friendly, courteous and helpful. If you enjoy Old Montreal, this is a great location. The other hotels in the are tend to be very expensive &quot;boutique&quot; hotels like the Gault, St. James and Place D'Armes, very charming renovations of Old Montreal buildiings BUT at two to three times the price and up compared to the Springhill.The major drawback of the Springhill is the distance to attractions, dining etc. outside of Old Montreal. It is almost exactly midway between two Metro (subway) stations meaning that it's not particularly close to either and Old Montreal is a bit remote from many of the other parts of Montreal of interest to visitors. As a former Montrealer, I had no problem navigating around to other parts of the city and knew what distances to expect but visitors not familiar with the city and expecting to get everywhere walking might find this a drawback.In summary, if you are looking for decent quality, clean and friendly palce with reasonable rates, the Springhill is well recommended.	
Aug 5 2005	Great location but overall disappointed	The main plus point of the Springhill Suites has to be the location - it's perfect for the summer months, although perhaps a little far from the metro for the winter. Other plus points are the charming staff, free breakfast and free internet.But I was disappointed with the room I had for myself and my two teenagers. I had, after reading Tripadavisor, requested a higher room with a view. This request was acknowledged but not fulifilled, instead we were allocated a dreary first floor room - no view, dark and frankly a bit depressing with wallpaper falling off the wall above the sink. It was value for money but I would find it hard to be very positively recommend.	
Jul 27 2005	Perfect location perfect hotel	Just returned from MontrealWe stayed at the Marriot, Spring Hill, in Old MontrealIt is the perfect locationoff on a side street and 2 blocks from the water and all the cafes/restaurants/stores.There is even a McDonalds, 2 blocks away.We had a suite with a living room area and a balcony!Everything was immaculate.Breakfast included in price of hotelwhich was $180 CanadianMontreal requires a lot of walking and is the perfect spot for couples/adults. A lot history to learn about.	
Jul 19 2005	we liked this hotel BUT...	We had a really nice 4 day stay at the hotel, it is in a great location, very central to many many things. The room was spacious and clean, and the inclusive breakfast was surprisingly substantial, and quite good. Our only complaint was while the staff was unfailingly polite and attentive, 2 separate desk clerks gave us TERRIBLE directions. One sent us to a metro stop many miles from our destination (there were several that would have been more convenient), another gave incomplete and inaccurate directions to a restaurant that we spent a good 45 minutes trying to locate, only to find that it was closed on Sundays.	
Jul 17 2005	Fantastic location on quiet street in the heart of Old Montreal	The Springhill Suites Montreal couldn't be in a better location. The hotel was easy to find, with signage on both ends of the street. The street itself was quiet but only a minute or so walk to many restaurants all over Old Montreal - the Chez Suzette Creperie at the corner was incredible! We stocked up on bottled water and some snacks at the convenience store on the corner as well. Tons of souvenir shops, galleries, and of course the famous Notre Dame cathedral are in a few minutes walk. The breakfast was decent - typical Springhill selection. We stayed here for 6 nights, so we tried some of the area restaurants for breakfast on a few of the nights - Eggspectation is a perfect spot for breakfast. The Metro is about a 7-10 minute walk and provides easy access to all points on the island of Montreal. The hotel itself was clean and staff was generally pretty friendly. Highly recommend!	
Jul 17 2005	Great for families 	Springhill Suites has a great location and excellent value for the money. Ambiance? Not much, but for a family or a business traveler, it has much to recommend it. Very clean and neat, with a little kitchenette, and a free, fabulous breakfast. Our 14-yr. old – who’s a good 6’ tall -- slept reasonably well on the twin sleeper sofa. Laundry facilities and a small pool w/hot tub are nice touches. We had some annoyances that were never resolved – one of our two wall-unit air conditioners roared like a jet engine, and while they came immediately to work on it, nothing changed, so we just used the other A/C on high, and it all worked out. The staff was friendly and very courteous. Our requests for light bulbs and extra pillows were handled quickly and cheerfully. We travel a lot, and this was one of the best hotels we've visited in a while. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 13 2005	Great!	This was our third stay in Montreal, the first at the Springhill Suites. Having been forewarned that it might be hard to find, I had the kids watching carefully and we found it on the first approach with no problem whatsoever. The streets on either side (the hotel is connected to a restaurant so there are two entrances) were narrow but quaint. Our view was of an office building which I guess you have to expect in a city. If it was important to me, I might have requested another room with a view but it wasn't a priority. If you're the type who has to have a view, make sure you request it. I was most nervous about parking b/c on our last trip, it was a nightmare. Last time when we got to our hotel, a virtual riot occurred on the busy street b/c woman wanted to wait for us to unload in the 15 minutes zone. Then, when we left we couldn't find one of our cars and no one would help us. It was pretty weird walking around an underground parking garage for 20 minutes looking for our car. Anyway, I was a little nervous about the parking thing when I pulled up to the Springhill Suites. But the attendant directed us off the quiet side street right into the garage. Then he gave us a ticket and said we would need it when we wanted the car, no problem. They got us a luggage cart and we were on our way. We didn't use the car but did need a couple of things left in it and they located it immediately. On checkout, the front desk called and the car was brought up to the door immediately. I was both relieved and impressed. The parking attendants were courteous, happy and friendly. The front desk staff was helpful and friendly. They treated the teenagers who were with me very well when they asked questions about getting one place or another. That meant a lot b/c they wanted to do things on their own. Breakfast was great, lots to choose from, eggs, cereal, yogurt, breads, danish, waffles, and more and the coffee was good. Didn't use the pool but the teen boys used the gym which was small but had enough equipment in good working order that they didn't complain. Location was terrific, a two minute walk to many restaurants and small shops, ice cream, crepes, souvenirs, pubs, historic buildings, churches, etc. A small grocery on the corner had beer, etc. (no takeout beer after 11 pm) and also an exchange and ATM. Metro was a couple blocks away, not too bad. I relied on the reviews here and prior Marriott experiences and I am glad I did. We had a great stay. Internet access was free and flawless, the kids liked being to im their friends and we were able to use the internet to figure out things to do, how to get there, etc. Every staff member I encountered was friendly, happy and courteous. Room was huge, when you walk in there's a small kitchenette, desk and chair, to your left, then to your right another chair and fold out couch. Then, a room divider wall and two double beds and a closet. There were two tvs and a clock radio. I'll try to add photos when I get them. One more thing, it is much quieter at this hotel than it is downtown in terms of traffic, pedestrians etc. but there is plenty of action just steps away.	
Jul 4 2005	Springhill Suites was amazing	Stayed: Jun 30 - July 3The hotel itself is really nice. The service was great, the free breakfast was amazing (eggs, sausages, taters, waffles, etc) and the service was excellent. The only complaint that I had was the balcony. Our balcony faced an office building so there really wasn't much of a view but we did enjoy lounging out on it during the night.I really thought the staff there was exceptional. They catered to your every needs and were extremely polite.Even though the location was hard to find (We had two taxi drivers that had a lot of problems looking for it) it was in a nice secluded area, away from all the noise in old montreal.Overall I give this hotel 2 thumbs up. Perfect for couples, families and groups.	
Jun 29 2005	Comfortable and quiet	We visited June 27 and 28 2005. Directions on website not so clear. Hotel is on a street that looks like an alley. No cobblestone street. Parking listed as valet, but we were told to park ourselves, but still charged valet rate. Hotel refused to correct on bill. Pool extremely small, and my bathtub was bigger than the hot tub. Regardless staff were extremely pleasant. Suites were small, but pleasant. Clean!!!! Our room 401 was bigger than most and it had a balconey at least 25ft by 10 ft. A beautiful view of the river. Ask for this room you won't regret it. Hotel was peaceful we never heard a door slam or people talking. We walked everywhere and had no problems. Don't forget to ask for a corner room with a balcony You'll love it.	
Jun 29 2005	Good value	My wife, 2 kids, and I spent 2 nights at this hotel 6/21-6/23/05. Our room was clean and comfortable-2 double beds plus an additional fold-out couch. The staff were all very courteous,helpful, and bilingual. The hotel is within walking distance of Old Montreal and to the Metro which makes it very easy to get around. I think it is a good hotel for a reasonable price. Breakfast is included,as well, and was fun because the kids could make their own waffles in the self-serve waffle irons. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 27 2005	Nice Accommodations 	We spent 6 nights in the Springhill Marriott's Studio Suite which was our second choice because we requested a smoking room. The Deluxe Suite was not available to smokers. I was pleasantly surprised with the suite. It had a king bed, a bureau with a TV on top that swiveled so that it could be seen from either the bed or the couch area. There was also a desk with a comfortable chair. Beside the small couch there was an easy chair. The kitchenette was small, but there was a sink, microwave oven with a couple of paper plates &amp; plastic utensils inside, &amp; a fridge. There was a coffeemaker &amp; a supply of coffee, tea, sugar. You could also get creamers from the breakfast room on the Mezzanine. There was a newspaper at our door during the week. The room was very clean. Ice was available on the floor above our room. The breakfast which was included with the price of the room was much more extensive than any other free buffet I had gotten at other hotels. There were even boxes so you could take items back to your room. There were 3 different juices, 2 different coffees plus decaffeinated &amp; hot chocolate. There were scrambled eggs, sausage patties, potatoes, hard boiled eggs, 2 waffle makers that cook the waffles in just a couple of minutes. There is a machine to toast the bagels, English muffins, &amp; raisin bread. There were muffins (fruit &amp; other types) &amp; also pastries. There were cereals, milk, bananas, apples &amp; oranges. A big savings for families.Turn left when you leave the hotel &amp; on the next block is one of the main shopping &amp; dining streets of Old Montreal (Rue St. Paul E.) &amp; it is just a block or two away from Place Jacques Cartier with it's many outdoor cafe's, street vendors &amp; street entertainment. The Waterfront is within walking distance. Turn right when you leave the hotel &amp; on the corner is a small restaurant (on Rue Notre Dame) where we had a regular breakfast, O.J., fried eggs, bacon, ham or sausage &amp; home fries for a very reasonable price. Notre Dame Cathedral is nearby. We took a 3 hour tour of the city &amp; then went back to places that were of interest to us. We did get to the Casino &amp; to the Biodome &amp; of course, Downtown Montreal. We enjoyed having appetizer's &amp; cocktails at Chez Brandy's which is part of Le Keg Restaurant on Rue St. Paul E. No need for checkout since our bill was slipped under the door during the night. Just leave the keys in the room when you leave. The front desk was helpful in calling for our Airport transportation. I thought this hotel was an excellent value especially for families.	
Jun 14 2005	Incredibly attentive staff	We stayed at the Springhill Suites Montreal for 4 nights from June 9 - 13 for the Montreal Grand Prix. The staff was so helpful and friendly. We have been coming to Montreal for the Grand Prix for the past 10 years. This is the first time we stayed at the Springhill Suites. Breakfast was included in the rate. I have never seen such a breakfast - many types of coffee and tea, numerous cereals, &quot;make your own&quot; waffles, eggs - scrambled and hard boiled, sausages, all types of breads, bagels and sweet rolls, fresh juices - an extensive array!Our room had a king sized bed, a kitchenette, a &quot;hide a bed&quot; and was very quiet. The metro stop was three blocks away - very handy for going to the Grand Prix.The staff was the most pleasant I have ever encountered. When we left the hotel for the race on Sunday, they were handing out snacks and water to take with you - a new and very welcomed experience. It was this attention to detail and extra caring that made our stay here very enjoyable.	
Jun 8 2005	Great place to stay	Just got back from a 2 night stay following our cruise. The rooms were very roomy and clean. The place was perfectly located in Old Montreal. As I had never been to Montreal before the front desk staff was very helpful in giving me information on the surrounding attractions. Breakfast was great! We received an early check-in and requested a late checkout and got it with no problems. When going to the airport I told the front desk staff I needed a taxi that took credit cards. He got on the phone immediately and called a cab for us. I highly recommend this property.	
May 21 2005	Springhill Suites Old Montreal Great location for Cirque fans	We just returned from a 4 night stay at the Springhill Suites in the Old Town of Montreal. Great place, great staff, great location with many choices of resturants all around, shopping, and just walking thru the cobble stoned streets. We went to see the new Cirque du Soleil show, and for cirque fans, this is the place to stay. Just a 5 minute walk to the show. Clean, spacious rooms.	
Apr 21 2005	Wonderful Stay at a Old-Montreal hotel	We had a great time at the SpringHill Suites. The staff was very helpful and the hotel was clean and efficiant. The price of the hotel was exceptional for Old Montreal and the amenities were great. The pool was and unexpected bonus and the morning breakfast was a great start to the day. This hotel is perfect for exploring the city and is a quick ride to downtown while in the heart of the Old City.	
Mar 16 2005	The Perfect Place to Stay in Montreal During the Summer	I stayed at the Spring Hill Suites in Old Montreal, last summer, during the Grand Prix Week-end, and it was nothing but perfect. We were going to the Grand Prix site early each morning, but our day always started with the breakfast they serve on the mezzanine, they go all out, they have fresh fruit salad, Montreal bagels, waffles, cereals, eggs....it really gives your day a good jump start. Then, after the race when we arrived in the late afternoon we would walk through Place Jacques-Cartier where everyone is enjoying themselves, and clowns and artists gather. You have no other choice but to go back to your hotel with a big smile on your face...Especially if Schumacher won the race!!! And when your there, you just throw yourself on the sofa and realize that your room was perfectly cleaned and you feel like a king. You can have a swim, exercise, I mean there's no need going anywhere else, it really is the perfect place to stay in Montreal during the summer. Plus, there are many many restaurants just step away, and some of them are amazing, try l'Épicier, the food is perfect. The staff at the Spring Hill Suites is very friendly and they make you feel like home. I don't even have my tickets to this years Grand Prix, but my room is already booked!!!	
Jan 31 2005	great hotel	We just returned from a 2 night stay, and had a wonderful time. Good points about this hotel are: 1) great staff....very accomodating 2) the rooms were very clean and spacious for the 2 of us 3) There was alot more on the free breakfast than I figured....eggs, sausage, oatmeal, muffins, pastry, cereal.....etc 4) It is right in the heart of Old Montreal, which is beautiful. Top-notch restaurants are 1/2 block away on St Paul. The only bad things about our experience weren't really anything to do with the hotel. 1)It wasn't as close to the Metro as we had hoped...its about a 5-6 block walk. The walk would be beautiful in the summer time, but it was below 0 F and the wind was blowing. 2)Like any big city...the original price of the hotel isn't bad, but you start adding for the parking and taxes and it realy adds up. Montreal is not a cheap city for hotels. 3)This was my first time in Montreal, and I did have some trouble finding this place. It is tucked away on a street that you wouldnt think could have a hotel on it. Old Montreal isnt that big, so we found it in a couple of minutes. All in all, the stay at the hotel was more than we had hoped for, and would recommend it to anyone.	
Dec 7 2004	Great Service and a very nice hotel	I stayed here for seven nights Nov/Dec 2004. The staff really made the difference at this hotel, they were friendly, welcoming and also knowledgeable. We were going to Quebec city for 3 nights by train but decided to stay in Montreal as there was so much to do and see. The front desk suggested a day tour by bus which was very good and helped me book it. The rooms were large and warm! a must in the winter. The kitchen was a helpful bonus as we could make tea in the morning. The room was kept spotlessly clean. The breakfast was adequate and there always seemed to be coffee and hot water on the mezzanine level. All in all I found this hotel to be very impressive and this was really complemented by a great team of staff especially on the front desk.	
Nov 30 2004	A Well Run Marriott Property!	I stayed at the Springhill Suites Old Montreal in November 2004. On checkin, the night auditor was very friendly and accomodating, we were in our room within minutes. This brisk checkin was appreciated, because we had a 7 hour car ride due to traffic and weather! The rooms were spacious and comfortable, as well as quiet. the king size room I was in had a Kitchenette with a sink, microwave and minifridge. There was a pullout couch with a coffee table, a recliner, and a TV. The bathroom was large as well, and everything was VERY clean and new. Comfortable king size bed. The included breakfast is nice, the atmosphere of the mezzanine level is always busy with guests, but still relaxed and quiet. A great way to start the day! I did not use the spa or the restaraunt, nor did I order room service. The front desk staff was always friendly and accomodating throughout my stay. One instance where I was supplied with excellent customer service is when I asked the front desk to switch out all the lightbulbs in the room with 45 watt bulbs, because the 100 watt bulbs were much too bright for my taste. After making this request at the desk, an engineer switched the bulbs 45 minutes later! I have not had an opportunity to stay at the Full Service Chateau Champlain Marriott, but this property has made an astounding impression on me. Great rooms, great rate, free internet and breakfast, and an impeccable front desk staff. This property is also atypical for a Springhill suites, as they have a restaraunt, room service, and a spa all connected to the hotel. You get most of the services of a full service hotel without the added surcharge on your room rate, which is a really great deal. Mor like a full service hotel than a moderately priced quality business hotel. On Checkout, the desk staff split my folio between me and my friend effortlessly, correctly charging both of our credit cards. Also, the parking attendants were very patient when I lost my parking stub - twice! A great hotel!	
Aug 23 2004	Stay here for the location - surely not for the hotel	I stayed here for 2 nights in August. Overall, the location is great and would be the only reason I would choose to stay here again. Aside from the location, the rooms are nice enough - microwave and fridge included.However, the noise from garbage trucks outside our room woke my family up at 6am in the morning. The sheets were not only old, but had holes in it. The front counter staff is nice enough but did not make us feel welcome - more of an intrusion on their already busy day. I had to argue about a $2 difference in the room rate, and at the end, I gave up because it just wasn't worth it.We moved after the 2nd night to the Hilton Bonaventure - what a difference...but alas, that's a different story.	
Jul 17 2004	Fantastic	Made reservations for our honeymoon based on reviews. It did not disappoint. The rooms were spacious and clean, the staff way above average, and the free breakfast was excellent. The location is ideal, just a short walk to almost anywhere. When we requested a late check-out the answer was &quot;No problem.&quot; We will go back.	
Jul 14 2004	Good location price staff room		
Jul 7 2004	WONDERFUL		
Jun 23 2004	Can't wait to give praise!		
Jun 16 2004	SpringHill Suites		
Apr 16 2004	Great hotel		
Apr 11 2004	Better choice than full-service Marriott		
Aug 9 2003	Excellent		
Aug 7 2003	The best kept secret in Montreal!		
Jun 8 2003	Peaceful Perfection		
Jan 28 2003	best hidden secret!!		
Jul 18 2009 	Très bon hôtel mais qui manque un peu de lumière		
Nov 23 2007 	Cocooning au coeur du Vieux-Montréal		
Jun 22 2007	Merveilleux !		
