Nov 25 2009 	unexpected detour	We had an unexpected detour. Montreal was not in our plans but it happens. The staff at the desk was awusume. Especially one, Ginette, she did far more that what any one expected. The hotel is on the metro and could not be better located. Thank you Ginette.	
Nov 21 2009 	Deceptive	The remote battery was dead there was not sufficient wash cloths the bed wa squeekyThe service at the desk was rude and snoby The wireless is for a fee A good point were the employees at the garage friendly and helpfulI will not go back again it was very desapointing	
Nov 11 2009 	Conveniently located in the heart of Montreal and great service.	The Hyatt Regency Montreal is located right in the centre of the city of Montreal. It is well connected to St. Catherine Street which is the main shopping street in Montreal which further connects one to 33 sq. kms of shopping area!The service is great and the room are spacious and comfortable.I highly recommend it to anybody visiting Montreal on business or for pleasure.	
Nov 10 2009 	A NICE PLACE	We arrived a couple of hours earlier than check in and were told that we could not check in till 3pm, which was check in time. This was an inconvenience as we had to travel the streets for 2 hours while all we wanted to do was lay down and sleep for a few hours.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great hotel right downtown!	Very nice hotel. A little confusing to find the lobby if you park in the Complexe Desjardins... but overall very nice room, great price and awesome view of &quot;Place des Arts&quot;.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great Location--average hotel	Stayed 3 nights at the Grand Regency at the end of Oct/beginning of Nov. I was there for a conference, and this was the conference hotel. The adjoining conference center is quite nice, and the hotel location is quite convenient to Old Montreal, a metro stop, etc.The hotel is a bit disappointing. My wife and I arrived the first night to discover that they didn't have a king-size bed for us after all (the reservation had guaranteed it). Instead, we were given a single double bed for the first night. After a question about this, they gave us a coupon for the breakfast buffet, but we would have rather had the promised room. Fortunately, they switched it the next day, but it took all day to do so, and they didn't move our baggage as they said they would.The breakfast and hotel bar seem outrageously priced for what you get. Both are OK in quality, but not great.Location/cleanliness: very good to excellent.I think you could find much better hotels for the price, especially if you aren't going there for a conference at that center.	
Oct 29 2009 	Not one of the better Hyatts but nice enough	Location wise, the Hyatt is front and center to Place des Arts, which is usually ground zero for the Jazz and Franco Folies festivals, which can be a good thing. Otherwise, it's location is just OK, but it is right on the Metro line. Both times I stayed there, I booked through third party booking sites. Perhaps accordingly, I had odd rooms. The shower head and tap were in a weird spot and there was no minibar, which is always annoying (I'd like to at least have the option of using it if I want to).	
Oct 27 2009 	Perfect place in Montreal	Great location near Old Montreal and other popular areas like St. Catherine and St. Laurent Streets. Comfy and clean and often available on Priceline for a great price.	
Oct 15 2009 	Perfect Fall Getaway	I have been a patron of the city of Montreal for many years and have stayed in lots of hotels. However, I must tell you this hotel was fantastic in location, service and amenities! The rooms were clean and comfortable. The service at the front desk, bellman, valet, conceirge, etc. were superb. The pool area is excellent with beautiful sliding doors, giving access to a pavillion with street views. The only complaint which is really not a biggie was there was no bar service until 5:00pm?! Just wanted to have a couple cocktails but ended up headed out on St. Catherine Street and hangin in the outdoor cafes. I highly recommend this safe(parking underneath the hotel), friendly and chic hotel to anyone familiar or unfamiliar with Montreal. Please feel free to email me if you have any other questions. :)	
Oct 9 2009 	Good location good front desk staff	Stayed there by myself for a marathon and got the executive package, which allowed me access to the concierge suite with free apps and private concierge. The private concierge wasn't great, as he wasn't around untill 1pm, but the free appetizers was nice Good location and friendly frontdesk. no official concierge, so if you have to ask for reccommendation you have to wait in front desk line which could be annoying if they were busy. Very close to good shopping, perfect location.	
Sep 21 2009 	Decent	Upon arriving at the Hyatt Regency we were quite impressed with the beautiful foyer and elegant decore. We'd seen on the website that they offered a romance package and figuring we might as well make bussiness trip double as a romantic weekend away. When we inquired about the 'romance package&quot; there was no such thing to our dismay.After checking in we realised that a long wait at the elevators was due to only two out of the four elevators were functioning it took over twenty minutes to get past the major line up.When getting to our room it was simple, an obviously dated hotel that had been given a few modern touches. Nothing spectacular. Spacious bathroom with a narrow bathtub, no options to upgrade to a jacuzzi. the room was adequate with a 21 inch tv, and king size bed that was quite firm. The room was clean upon arrival, we sayed for three and out of three days our room was only cleaned once, cleaning which didn't inclde restocking our minibed or changing the towels, as they are only changed every three days to save on cost. When we callled down for clean glasses and fresh towels, we were put on hold for 10 minutes after which we waited another thirty minutes, after calling down for a third time we finally had enough and went down to get our own glasses.There state of the art gym was lacking in the weight area, but is good for cardio. The pool was beautiful and kept at an amazing warm temperature. the lounging area for the pool is beautiful with a terrific sunroom. Right in the downtown area there is tons of shopping options and cabbing is easily done, fabulous location.All in all we paid a 125$ for a night for three nights stay, fabulous location. the hotel is absolute basic, no luxuries. My girlfriend stayed one night at 198$, for the same type of room on the same floor and would not do it again.	
Sep 18 2009 	Mixed Emotions...	Although well situated in the city, this hotel is by no means perfect. If you get a good deal, though, go for it!Most noteworthy...SET UP - As you've probably read in other reviews, it's a bit of a pain in the neck to navigate this hotel, as you first have to take an elevator several floors to the lobby before then doing the same to get to your room. Unfortunately, the elevators are a bit schizophrenic. LOCATION - Right in the mix of things - a short walk here and a short walk there. Also situated above a mall (with a full grocery store!).FITNESS / RELAXATION - As part of an apparent renovation, they clearly paid attention to the addition of a decent workout room with ample equipment. Also, the pool and deck area were very enjoyable. Be sure to enjoy the sauna and steam area, too.ROOM - This is where things start to get a bit sad. Although recently renovated, it looked somewhat worked over - not bad by any means but certainly not what you might expect given a recent makeover.SERVICE - A spotty area as well. Check in was a bit of a mess with a line of people and a desk staff that seemed off their game - unable to deal well with the volume of people and a variety of issues. One evening, the hotel hosted a wedding reception with music that kept hotel guests awake until 2:00 AM. Staff/management was ill-equipped to deal with this sort of frustration from guests.	
Sep 2 2009 	it will do	location: it's a pretty far walk from old montreal, but it's walkable. with some connecting stops on the subway you can get to old montreal from the hotel to the champs-de-mars stop. the hotel is located about 2 blocks away from what i'd consider to be montreal's &quot;red light district.&quot; it is located on st. catherine street and if you walk a couple of blocks (5-6) towards dairy queen you start to hit some decent shopping.Eating: The diner, Eggspectations, is right down stairs, they make reallly good french toast! and the hotel is located right above the Complex des jardin's food court. the hotel has a restaurant, aswell, but it was under renovations while i was there.hotel: small rooms, dimly lit, basic amenities, small bathroom, not impressed. wouldn't stay again.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great hotel!	We stayed here 2 nights and it was a lovely hotel. We were asked if we'd like 2 double beds or a king bed, so we took the latter. The room was spacious and comfortable, though my partner had a stiff/sore neck from the pillows but I guess he could have brought his own. The staff are very helpful and will tell you where to go if you don't quite know, or how to get to where you do want to go (Maria was helpful and saved us a long walk because my partner was under the impression that it wasn't so far away but it was, and Olga recommended which streets to wander for some nice restaurants). The gentlemen at the parking are great too - very nice, courteous and willing to help out in any way that they can (regular parking is $19, but each time you take your car out you will have to pay again, so we went with valet parking, which is $26 a day).We were able to get internet, 2 hours for $5 (and there are various other options for other prices), but once we also took advantage of the Starbucks across the street, bought some coffees and used their wifi.Only complaint - the washroom. Very small but still, it was clean and everything (although not so much the tub) was quite nice.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great renovation of this nearly 35 year old hotel. . .	This hotel started life as Le Meridien, and later had a Radisson flag on it, before the most recent renovation that sees the property managed by Hyatt. In the years since its opening just before the Olympics, its Complexe Desjardins location, across from Place des Arts, hasn't changed, but Montreal has gotten more interesting going eastward, so the hotel is more central than ever. . .Kudos to the owners and designers who carried out this renovation. Given the age of the hotel--a lot of Montreal was erected in the mid 60s to mid 70s, for the Expo 67 and 1976 Olympics, and not all has aged gracefully--the refurbishment was a near gut rehab. And a thorough one at that. . .new and fresh lobby, guest rooms, lounge areas, and fitness center.Rooms are not huge, but they are ample and airy. The original design of the building, sort of a checkerboard pattern, provides just half a window to the outside. Supposedly, the view I received, out over Place des Arts and a slice of Mount Royal, is a premium one with a surcharge--the front desk agent gave it to me as 1) I requested it, and 2) she was not sold out. Very nice of her, but the view would not be worth the $20 per night extra cost. Great Hyatt beds, in-room coffee, and brand new carpet are highlights. Odd that they did not install flat screen TVs given the newness of the reno effort. Bathrooms are well laidout, and more pleasant than their size would indicate. Great bumpy Portico soap and curved shower rods are nice touches, though the vanity has just one sink, and a small area at that.Interestingly, Priceline categorizes this hotel as a 3 1/2 star, while its freshness and amenities would be closer to 4 star in my book (especially given some of what Priceline does call 4 star). That rating accounts, in part, for the $63 US room rate bid that Priceline accepted--a steal for this hotel. It is to the hotel's credit that I was treated with VIP service, and upgraded even with this--some hotels treat you like the great unwashed if you are a Priceline purchaser.The hotel lobby is seven stories above the street, and the double elevator rides get a bit tedious--the trip to your room requires an elevator to the lobby, then a second set of elevators to get you through the guest room tower.The Complexe Desjardins/Place des Arts location puts guests within underground access to two Metro stations (with similar names, Place des Arts, and Place d'Armes), the Convention Center, and much of the rest of downtown Montreal's vast tunnel system. Complexe Desjardins, itself, is a large mall and office complex (the center court is one of the most voluminous retail spaces in the world. .) with a considerable food court at the lower level. Place des Arts, right across St. Catherine St. is Montreal's answer to Lincoln Center, with a number of performance spaces, and the hall for the Montreal Symphony. Chinatown is nearby, and the main downtown shopping stretch along St. Catherine is just a few blocks to the west of the hotel. St. Catherine going east, from about St. Urbain to St. Denis, is the closest thing downtown Montreal has to a red light district, and while it is not aggressively awful, it is not pretty, particularly at night. The gay Village starts just beyond St. Denis, about a 15 minute walk east. And north along St. Denis is the Quartier Latin, with countless cafes and restaurants spilling out onto the sidewalk. Visitors who take the train into Central Station have about a six block walk.Overall the Hyatt can be a great choice, particularly when Priceline bids in the $60-70 range are accepted. Even at full price, the location and stylish renovation make this a strong hotel to consider for a Montreal visit.Good things:Complete renovation of a 34 year old hotel—stylish and comfortable update.Notably central location—within Complexe Desjardins for shopping and dining options, across from Place des Arts, and connected to underground city/convention center—covered access to two Metro stations.Brand new fitness facility and pool area, with sun deck, fitness center use freeGreat beds, new carpet, and numerous outlets—nice Portico bath products, and curved shower rods.Solid service—upgrade at front desk despite Priceline booking, waived two local calls’ charge, responsive housekeeping staff.Free in-cup coffee maker (though include paper cups—mugs only doesn’t cut it)Refrigerator, not mini bar, in room.Not good things:Not in the center of downtown—five blocks from core.Neighborhood just to east of the hotel along St. Laurent kind of sketchy.Double elevator—ground floor to lobby, then lobby to guest room tower—makes for longer time to room. As well, frequent elevator stops.Despite recent renovation, retained old style televisions.Charge for internet in rooms.	
Aug 18 2009 	WiFi not included	I know its a minor thing, but the website suggested it was in the room. Like the towels and electricity we assumed it was included. It was not and forced us to use free services elsewhere. The TV was also an extra fee. The sink was plugged whenever we used it. And needless to say we spent as little time here as possible. Good points. The room was clean, the beds were made every morning and aside from listening to the FrancoFollies every night it was fairly peaceful on the 11th or so floor.	
Aug 18 2009 	Clean comfortable good location... but not worth 4 stars	I booked this hotel on Hotwire for about $96 USD/night. I wouldn't pay much more than that however.Good... clean, great downtown location, comfortable beds, friendly staff.Bad... it's not 4 star as advertised. 3.5 sure. The rooms and bathrooms need a little updating. Hotel movie had background &quot;static&quot;. Not great when you pay $12.99 for one.The real bad... the air conditioning. It was really warm in Montreal (above 30 degrees). The AC in the rooms couldn't keep up . While we had it on max, it was about 24 degrees in the room. They first came up... said it was broke... they'd send a repair person the next morning and if that didn't work, they'd change us to another two double room. And they sent a fan up. Next morning... nothing. We left for the day. Came back... called again... said they would call back in a few. No call. Third time he said he'd check into it. Nothing. Friendly but not very organized.Talking to other guests... we're thinking it wasn't broke and it just sucked to begin with.	
Aug 18 2009	Nice Stay Great Pool	I stayed for 3 nights from August 8th to August 11th with my wife, 13 year old daughter and 8 year old daughter. The check-in was easy and the staff were very friendly and helpful. We found the Hyatt to be reasonably priced and and wonderfully situated. You can walk to all the downtown attractions and Old Montreal. The subway is directly under the hotel and can take you anywhere you want to go. There are many coffee shops with excellent muffins and pastries in the food court in the mall underneath the Hyatt which is only an elevator ride away and very convenient when you are traveling with children. The indoor pool was wonderful. When they opened all the glass doors around the pool we got a beautiful view of the city from the pool area. As one reviewer stated, there could have been more chairs around the pool but if that's going to ruin your vacation then stay home. I would highly recommend this hotel to friends and family.	
Aug 15 2009 	definitly not a 4 star hotel	Not as good as the other Hyatts. Check in took forever. Valet parking was very slow. Rooms were clean but the bathroom had mold.	
Aug 15 2009 	Worth it on sale.... otherwise?	This hotel does not meet the Hyatt standards. While the staff is nice, and the location is great, the hotel is run down. The common spaces and rooms are nicely furnished, but for a hotel that is supposed to be four star, it's not. Rooms need money spent to update them (i.e. flat screen t.v.s) It's difficult to get into the hotel (one elevator to the lobby, and then one to the rooms), but it's location makes it worth $100 a night, not much more. Having stayed at another Hyatt property this week, I was disappointed with this one.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great for the Hotwire price otherwise...	Let me start by saying I usually stay in very good hotels, Four Seasons, Ritz Carltons, yet a friend asked me to try Hotwire for my one night stay in Montreal and I did. $115 plus Internet extra. Well worth it. Nice room, decent lobby, but the hotel desperately needs updating. Good for a businessman or woman on a one or two night trip. Easily worth the money. Would NOT put my family here.	
Aug 7 2009 	Hyatt Regency Montreal	I was recently in Montreal for the Jazz Festival and Divers/Cite. I was looking for a hotel that was in center town and came across the Hyatt as being in a good location. This hotel is on the corner of Jeanne Mance and St Catherine St, right downtown. This offered excellent proximity to great shopping, dining, nightlife, the village is about a 15 min walk from here. The jazz festival was literally right out side the hotel.I had made a reservation for a Deluxe Room with a king size bed. When we arrived, they didn't have any available as the hotel as full, so we took a room with a double bed and an excellent view of St Catherine St and the Jazz Festival. The room was very nice and clean. The decore was modern and chic. The bathroom was a good size and very well lit. I was in room 922. The bed was very comfortable, and the double size wasn't an issue. Even with two grown men in the bed.The hotel staff were very courteous and polite and wanted to make sure that guests had the most pleasant stay and were willing to assist guests in finding attractions and dining options. This hotel also has easy acess to Vieux Montreal and the Metro.Parking at the Hyatt was quite expensive, however if you pack at the underground public parking (Desjardins), it;s not too bad...we arrived after 5pm and stayed a full 24 hours...parking came to $9.00CAD.They seemed to have a nice pool at this hotel as well, however i didn't have a chance to use it.Should you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.	
Aug 5 2009 	Not up to Hyatt standards	This hotel became a Hyatt in 2003, someone forgot to tell the management as it is being run like a youth hostile. I should have known that getting a rate of just over $100 was to good to be true. If you are not used to the excellent staff at a Hyatt you maybe ok. If you are, prepared for long line ups at the understaffed front desk, no served breakfast buffet only at $25, cant even get a muffin or a coffee unless you leave the hotel, or get the buffet. No restaurant open in the afternoon, no newspaper at the door, fitness center with machines from 2003. This place just feels cheap, not so much the facility as much as the policies and customer service.	
Jul 25 2009 	Nice room conviniently situated!	We booked the hotel with hotwire.com and got a nice room with view over St. Catherines Avenue at a very reasonable rate. The room was comfortable, very clean and spacious.The hotel is situated within the Complex Desjardin adjacent to Place des Arts and St. Catherines Avenue in Downtown Montreal.On the downside is, that the room was very cold and the aircondition hardly to regulate.The doors seemed to be thin, so we were disturbed several time at night by noisy people on the floor.We were disturbed by the maid, although we had the &quot;privacy please&quot;-sign outside.	
Jul 24 2009 	Blah!	PROS; location, direct access to the metro and the Complexe Desjardins mall, stylish rooms.CONS: front desk staff (one of the worst I've seen in any hotel), cleanliness (cobwebs &amp; spiders in the room, mold in the shower, dirty bathroom floor, dirty windows), no HDTV, A/C not working accordingly in the room, parking inconvenient and expensive, no business centre (closed because of a fire, six months ago...)Hyatt is not going to steal me away from Starwood and Marriott with this one!Very disappointed once again, this is not my first stay here and had the same staff &amp; cleanliness issues the last time around. No more Hyatt Regency Montreal for me.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great base to see the city!	We booked this hotel last minute on Priceline and got a room for 70 + tax = 89$. Price was right for the area. This is a 4 star hotel as far as service goes. The staff was more than helpful and friendly. The pool was very clean and we were delivered fresh towels by the pool attendant and also given the tour of the sauna and steam room. The balcony outside the pool area is a great place to see the city streets. Yes. you do have to pay for internet but we could not find any place in this city with a free wifi connection including other area hotels. The same goes for parking as with any big city. It was very clean but dated. I would stay here again but may try to get a newer place if possible. We didn't use the hotel much because there is so much to do. We went to sleep around 1am and used the pool in the morning and thats about it. If you plan on seeing the city the hotel doen't really matter much because you wont be there much. The complaints about the elevators are exageratted as well. There is one from the street to bring you up to the check in lobby and then another from there to your room. No big deal. Dont be afraid to stay here. Across the road is an outdoor concert arena with free entertainment.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Location; Disappointing Pool	We stayed for just one night for a quick romantic get away. This hotel is in a great location, and is only a five minute walk to Old Town Montreal. Overall the room was clean, and the bed was very comfortable. The air condition however was very loud and rattled. The biggest disappointment was the pool. After a 4 hour drive, and a frustrating hour wait to get through customs, we were really looking forward to just lounging by the pool for a couple of hours. While the pool was equipped with fabulous cushioned lounge chairs, I counted only a handful of chairs (maybe 7 or 8) and there was no seating available. I spoke to the pool attendent about the problem, and she simply shrugged her shoulders. Exacerbated, we had no choice but to nap in our room. (That, I could have done at home.) I expect much more from the amenities and services from this class of hotel and will think twice before staying again.	
Jul 17 2009 	A++ hotel conveniently located	We had first made reservations with Hyatt at $229/night for the Jazz Fest weekend. Ended up 'naming your own price' on Priceline and got 2 rooms for $86/night. Our rooms were on the 3rd floor, view was of a side street. Hyatt was the epi-center of the festival, and we couldn't have been luckier! Although the rooms were standard, the hotel staff and it's gathering spaces made up for the standard rooms. Wonderful outdoor and indoor common areas, nice indoor pool which opens onto a sundeck. Indoor, outdoor bars, great bar menu. We had breakfast at the hotel restaurant and it was worth it. We were not rushed or hurried through our breakfast and it was great to sit, relax and enjoy the many, many offerings on their 'buffet'. Thank you Jose for your attentiveness to us!The hotel is adjacent to a mall, and the mall has every type of shop you'll need, a grocery store, liquor store(liquor stores are government run so all prices at all stores are the same), salon, clothing, shoes...everything! We bought some great snacks at the IGA and took advantage of the outdoor space which overlooked the jazz fest. Took a walk into Old Montreal on Saturday...highly recommended. The Basilique Notre-Dame de Montreal is a breath-taking must see. We stopped off at les 3 Brasseurs for a beer tasting and bar snacks. Many local shops line the streets and it makes for a great afternoon activity.Back at the hotel we ventured to the spa/steam/sauna....you could get lost trying to find them, but they are worth the venture. Spa services such as facials and massages must be booked through the concierge, there are no technicians on site and you will need an advanced appointment. We had all good intentions of going to a fabulous restaurant but heavy rains and thunder storms made us re-think our plans and we decided to stay put, order pizza and talk the night away.Our floor was full, but oddly, we never heard any outside noises, with the exception of doors closing, it was a quiet floor. There was no concierge on site--but we have to give a huge shout out to Thomas, bell-hop extraordinaire! He took the time to search out places to eat and had them ready for us when we returned later that day. Valerie, front-desk superstar worked her magic and found 2 rooms on the same floor for us, throughout our stay, she took the time to say hello, and remembered who we were, a nice personal touch. Maria was also extremely helpful if and when Valerie was busy. Pietro who helped us with our bags, made sure we knew how everything worked in the room. Heather, the bartender told us many spots to visit while we were in her town. Granted, our stay was perfect because of those that were around us. Thank you to the city of Montreal, your people are so friendly!!	
Jul 13 2009 	Variable service	The hotel is a little beat up and getting dingy for a Hyatt. But the biggest problem I had was with the service. First let me say that I rarely complain and am a pretty easy traveler. But multiple times I had issues, mostly small annoyances, with the service that left a bad taste... For example, the in room movie system was giving me some sort of fault when I tried to order one of their (very expensive) movies. After calling the front desk and waiting a day for it to be fixed, I called down again. The guy at the desk passed me to a &quot;help number&quot; that turned out to be the service number the hotel is supposed to call to get their system fixed. Given it was late on a Sunday, he had to have known the help line would not be open. It was pretty clear he just wanted me out of my hair - bloody pain in the ^&amp;# American. There were a couple other instances where I thought they were more rude then they needed to be. Some of my colleagues at this conference stayed at the other near by hotels had said they had very good experiences. The convention center is a great place for a conference!	
Jul 1 2009 	Great Location Overrated Hotel	#1 You have to stand on one very LONG line with everyone in the hotel who is checking in/checking out/needs directions or a taxi etc. #2 Our reservations specified one room, three people. We were assigned a single room with one bed. A trip back downstairs, another long wait on a long line, and we were re-assigned a double room with two beds. #3 During our 3 night stay the room was attended to between 4 pm and 6pm. The beds were made, but the room was not vacuumed or dusted.#4 The bathroom towels were changed but the bathroom was never cleaned. We've had better service in a Motel 6!	
Jun 25 2009 	Reviews are pretty spot on - nice hotel great location	Like others, I was able to get an absolutely ridiculous deal on the Hyatt through Priceline. The location is great, the staff is professional and pleasant, and it's a very nice hotel. The layout is a bit odd, my room had no closet (it did have an armoire, but I've never not had a closet), and the TV was an older model. But for the price, I have absolutely zero complaints - it was perfect. One tip - you can exchange money at the front desk at slightly below market rates, but with no commission and in any denomination.	
Jun 23 2009 	Good Location....Good Rate......One Bad night....Overall a Good place	We stayed june 19th to 22nd for a couples get away. We got a good rate through Priceline. Nice Pool, friendly staff (although we never did see a conceierge...) and a great location. Walking distance to a lot of neat sites. The only bad thing was there was a huge corporate function on the Friday night that kept us awake and also noise in the hallway from grad kids...Saturday and Sunday were quiet...unfortunately management did nothing about the noise when we called...our room was good and we did like the hotel. One tip...try the new Bixi bicycle rental on the streets from the city of Montreal... a real neat way to get around...only $5 for a 24hr rental...	
Jun 17 2009 	had a nice comfortable stay	Our stay at Hyatt, Montreal was just splendid.Especially when you are out there on vacation with kids and that too when it is raining outside, you have to spen your time indoors. Our experience in Hyatt was very good. The swimming pool, the restaurants, children enjoyed each and evry bit of their stay.	
Jun 15 2009 	Please Do Not Hesitate to stay here!!! take my word	Just got back from 3 days trip in montreal, was great! The trip was wonderful plus our stay at the Hyatt problem free. from checked in to checked out everything was smooth! the room was clean and beds was comfy. We left our luggages at the concierge after checked out since we need to do some shopping before our 4 pm train back to Toronto, and it wasnt a problem at all, the staff was very friendly. I am not really a complaint kinda person but i can tell that if i do ask for something they would do their best coz i seen some ppl was helped with their problems. Please pls pls do not hesitate to stay here, despite this Hotel rank at 50ish! If you do get ur hotel room from Priceline, then you got a GREAT deal. If not u still will be happy staying here. Hotel is 6 block away from Via Train station, China town with TONS of great foods are 2 block away fr the hotel. St Catharine is next block, and the Gay village are just 5 blocks away if you come to montreal for nite that. The hotel has some nice facilities but I only use the Gym, and it is nice and open 24 hrs! They have a decent size indoor pool. If you want a good stay without spending lots of money for hotel room stay here. But if you are a High Demanded Fancy people, stay somewhere else and spend 300 or more per nite coz you will end up complaning and left a NEGATIVE comments that wont help travellers. Hope this help, again Stay here and enjoy your Montreal trip.	
Jun 14 2009 	Reluctant 4 circle review probably more like 3.5	This is a decent hotel... it's listed as 4* given its amenities, but I think location and things around it really boost the hotel. For example, there's a Starbucks, Eggspectation, and a whole shopping center close by. So you really have a lot of options for restaurants, shopping, late night bites, etc. no matter the time. I don't think all areas of Montreal enjoy this. Also, it's close (5-10 min walk) to both major lines of the metro. Rooms are relatively big, pretty standard for &quot;business&quot; hotels, and the included toiletries are okay.Things I didn't like = I guess this is a trend in Canada hotels, but there was no safe in the room, no minibar (at least there was an ice machine on the floor). The lobby and entrance has got to be one of the dumbest and most inconvenient designs I have ever seen. It was definitely &quot;noisier&quot; and not as professional as other hotels (yappy cleaning ladies, etc.) The bar was consistently empty, and the front desk was sparsely staffed... usually there was a line. No free internet anywhere but luckily I leeched off an open connection that only happened to work in my room and with my laptop turned a particular way... pretty funny (writing the review right now). But I guess most &quot;chain&quot; hotels never give away Internet, but at least some people have free wi-fi in the lobby. The Hyatt had an open terminal in the lobby for general use but it was constantly mobbed.So overall, this was a good hotel, run-of-the-mill business class, all the amenities, no major complaints but I certainly wouldn't pay full or rack rates. The location really makes the overall experience really pleasant.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great!!!!!	Greata Hotel to stay for Business Travellers. Great Location as well!!	
Jun 8 2009 	No free internet in rooms!!!	Point form:Good location. Great view from room 412 facing the plaza across the street. Clean rooms. Great beds. Clean pool and gym. Liked the steam room. It is shared between guys and girls. Walking distance to old Montreal (20 minutes). Payed $92/night on Hotwire. For that price it was a bargain.---Tiny bathrooms. Room doors slam shut and that could wake you up at night if people around you get back to their rooms late. No jacuzzi!! No free internet in rooms!! In fact it is over priced at close to $20 per day!!! Front desk gets really busy during day if you need to talk to them.	
May 25 2009 	Great location. OK hotel	We were looking for convenience with close proximity to Montreal attractions. For that purpose it was very good. There is an IGA store on the same block with shopping and access to decent restaurants on the same block. Access to Cresent Street area, Old Montreal and the Latin Quarter all walkable. The hotel is a bit tired. Service at the desk and pool were good. Our room was not cleaned on the second day. All in all it served it's purpose. I would not be happy paying top dollar.	
May 24 2009 	Location location location	This hotel was a bargain at $50US from Priceline.com, rated at 3 1/2 stars. We booked two rooms for the May long weekend. After reading other recommendations we opted for &quot;self parking&quot; which was $9 per day in the mall parkade, directly below the hotel. (Be sure you tell the valet at the hotel entrance that you are self-parking as he will not mention that option. They would prefer that you pay their $26 rate for valet instead.) After making the reservation through Priceline, I contacted the hotel directly to request two side-by-side rooms, as well as two double beds in each. No problem. The hotel itself is a bit confusing as the lobby is on the 6th floor of the building. It is a nice property--prime location on the best shopping street in Montreal. Chinatown is a 5 min. walk, the Old City is 10 min. It seems like the hotel has had a recent upgrade. Decor is sleek and contemporary. Our room was spotless with super-comfy beds, soft sheets and down blankets. Although the bathroom was small, it had lovely marble tile floors and tub surround and a black granite vanity top. There was also a little bar counter area in the room--very convenient for preparing coffee, drinks, snacks, etc. Having the mall downstairs was very convenient as there is a grocery and liquor store as well as several food outlets. The pool area is one of the best things about this hotel, especially if you have kids. The pool is huge, by hotel standards, with a nice sauna and steam room and spa-like shower and change rooms. My only complaint about this property is that it feels very sterile and impersonal. More like checking into an office building than a hotel. I think it has to do with a shortage of staff. You rarely see anyone around. Check in/check out was very slow and our room wasn't ready until 5pm...but for the price we got through Priceline, this hotel was an amazing deal. I would recommend it highly and definitely stay here again.	
May 18 2009 	Good...not Great	I travel to Montreal a few times a year and this was my 1st stay at the Hyatt.Quickly...The Good.1. Location, near fun part of town, easy to walk around;2. The food in the Regency Club was good (see the bad regarding Regency Club below);3. The staff was kind and professional. Ivan in Regency Club was very nice.The Bad.1. Executive Club room was very average and bathroom was small and substandard;2. Alcoholic drinks are not included in price during happy hour at Regency Club, so what is the point of drinking in Regency Club...one can get a greater selection by ordering at the bar and bringing the drinks into the Regency Club for the snacks; 3. No concierge, so questions have to be posed to the front desk which can get congested.Overall it is fine, but there are better choices in Montreal.	
May 7 2009 	Wonderful Hotel and Staff	I am here right now staying five nights May 5-10. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. I booked this hotel because I am attending several events that are right across the street at Place des Arts. I honestly don't know where some of the posted negative reviews came from. The whole hotel is so very clean and modern. The staff is abolutely amazing. Every single employee I have encounted has been top notch friendly and smiling. Anything I need or want and they are right there. William at the front desk is a gem. He answers all of my stupid questions and greets me every morning by name and with a huge smile. Ivan and Zoe in the Regency Club lounge have been so very helpful with giving me information about what to see, where to go, and how to get there. My room is on the 12th floor and has a very nice view of the city. It is very quiet. Everything in my room is spotless and very current. The bed is very comfortable and the pillows are great. The housekeeping is terrific. Every afternoon when I come back to my room everything is replenished and sparkling clean. Everything you need is within walking distance - shopping, restaurants, musuems (the Contemporary Art Museum is right across the street), and metro station. Next time I come to Montreal I will definitely stay here again. I have been made to feel very welcomed and have been shown exceptional service.	
May 1 2009 	Dingy dark rooms that were depressing	I wouldn't recommend this hotel because the room was depressing, dark, and needed re-modeling desperately. I booked through the internet and got a pretty good deal on the room but once I saw the place, I was disappointed. The hotel should really invest some capital into new floors, lamps, and walls. With a little money, the place could be wonderful because the location is pretty central. However, my husband and I did enjoy the swimming pool, and during our two night stay, the maid service was pretty satisfactory.	
Apr 25 2009 	I enjoyed my stay.	This hotel was fairly standard as others have said. I thought the service in the restaurant was great (and decent food, tapas style and bar style), the front desk staff was very friendly and helpful in orienting us to the city, and the location is very convenient. Temperature control is an issue (no thermostats) and the gym is excruciatingly hot. High speed interent is pricey. Overall I would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 23 2009 	Lousy service but good rooms	The rooms are fine (if a bit cold, with no way to adjust the temp upwards - could just be me, but I like it a few degrees warmer), and the beds are very comfortable. However, call the front desk if you like to hear the sound of a phone ringing...and ringing...with no one answering. If you call room service you get a lovely voice message saying their hours and if you'd like to leave a message. No actual room service will speak with you or take an order (they apparently don't listen to the voice mail). They have an &quot;eConcierge&quot; if you want to make a reservation for the hotel restaurant, but there's no actual concierge. comfy rooms, but otherwise a 2-star hotel. Try elsewhere.	
Apr 23 2009 	Nice Hotel great location	I travelled up to Montreal for a one night stay, to see a hockey game at the Bell Centre. The hotel is in a great location downtown, 10 min walk to the Bell Centre, directly across the street from the art museum, and the Theatre Maisonneuve.The hotel rooms are very standard, but clean, and bed 's are very comfortable!Great deal!! only paid $50US on priceline.com	
Apr 22 2009 	Pleasant Stay	We stayed at Hyatt Regency which I was able to get through Priceline. The hotel is right across Place des Arts where you can access the subway station. I had tickets for a show at Place des Arts so it was convenient for me. However, my husband had tickets for a UFC fight and it's 20- minute walk to the Bell Centre and similar distance to La Queue de Cheval Bar and Steak House. There are not many cafes or restaurants around after regular business hours. However, it's a 10-minute walk to Chinatown and 20 minute to Old Montreal. The room was cozy and pretty roomy.	
Apr 20 2009 	4-Star....questionable	CONS: front desk staff rude; dark hallways; no bar fridge; check-in time can vary greatly...so don't expect an earlier one! The elevators &amp; the layout of this hotel is the most problematic. There are 4 very s-l-o-w elevators to go to the rooms; then another s-l-o-w 2 elevators to go to the parking area/taxi stand.We didn't eat in the hotel - so I have no idea about the restaurants. SAQ located in Desjardins Complex which is connected to the Hyatt - however you need to take yet ANOTHER s-l-o-w elevator to get to it.PROS: Clean rooms; clean hotel; comfy beds; Location is fantastic - about 7-9(?) blocks north of old Montreal; about 7-10 (?) blocks west of Rue St-Denis and about 5 blocks east of Rue Ste-Catherine. The shopping on Rue Ste-Catherine is AMAZING! Quick note - if walking to Rue St-Denis on Rue Ste-Catherine be aware of several 'adult entertainment' shops....may not be the best route for kiddies or questionable tweens!	
Apr 19 2009 	OK value good location chain hotel	This was a decent hotel for a two night stay. Very comfortable bed and pretty spacious room with a good view of the city. The location is very central to downtown and the Metro, and its connected to the Desjardins Center and the underground city. Upon reading reviews we parked at the Desjardins Center and saved alot of money. Plus, we arrived at 11pm on a Friday night to an unattended valet desk... I was tired and would have just paid for valet, but that wasn't really an option. Plus I realized the valets would just put the car in the Desjardins garage anyway (its literally right next door, sharing the same driveway). So then we tried to find our way to reception from the garage... its on the 6th floor - I don't think the hotel website ever told me that. Reception wasn't that warm or friendly, but the room service staff was very nice.Fitness room was better than average and the pool was very popular. Didn't try any of the hotel bars/restaurants b/c there are alot of options in Montreal. There is also a ton of roadwork going on in the area - this made driving around the hotel a little frustrating, but once you're in its not noisy or anything like that.Depending on the rate I may stay again.	
Apr 5 2009 	Standard issue hotel... very nice	Found a great deal for this hotel on Hotwire - $70! Hotel rooms were stylish and clean, staff were friendly. Didn't really get to make good use of the facilities but they seemed good. Two areas for improvement - hallways were extremely dim - I always got the sense that someone would jump out of a dark corner! Also, the hot water in our room didn't seem to be working all so well - you had to turn the temperature to the maximum heat in order to get warm water. Otherwise, well recommended - right across from Place Des Arts Metro and not too far from the Place D'Armes metro.	
Apr 3 2009 	Location Can't Be Beat	Situated on top of a shopping concourse (not a cheesy mall) with lots of great options for food, groceries and drinks. Convenient location for easy access to all areas of interest in Montreal. Downtown, Plateau, Village and Old Montreal all within walking distance (weather permitting) or cheap cab ride. Rooms large and comfortable. Lacking only two things for my money - an in-room fridge and flat panel TV. Otherwise great stay, comfortable, convenient. Friendly and helpful staff.	
Mar 30 2009 	Acceptable for Short Stay	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency overnight 24Mar2009 for a business meeting. Staff was professional, courteous and helpful. While I might have expected more from the Hyatt chain, the room was adequate with comfortable king bed and pillows, ample work area and big window. My view wasn't spectacular, due to a lot of construction and high rises. The bathroom lighting problem mentioned in earlier reviews had apparently been corrected but the long, narrow and meandering hallways were quite dark and dimmly lit. In the areas around the elevators where the lighting was better, one could see the carpet was dingy and filthy. Room amenities were adequate with a lot of space, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, large work desk, large TV and ample storage space in the armoire and closet. There was also a hot beverage area in an alcove in the room and a comfy chair near the window. Overall, the room was generally clean. Meeting facilities were adequate and the food was delicious though at every meal I always managed to get a dirty glass, utensil or plate and had to go through several plates in the stack on the buffet table before finding one without stuck on debris. The wait staff assigned to our meeting was wonderful, very polite and made sure every one was happy with their meal. Taxis are stationed at the hotel in their garage and the bellman assists with luggage and calling the taxis to the door. There is also a baggage room for early arrivals and late departure. At Level Two of the hotel meeting facilities, the building is connected to a shopping mall and a fast food court just out of the elevator. The down side of my stay was an inoperable telephone in the room, dodgy internet service, no luncheon room service despite the brochure in the room stating lunch was served 11:30 - 5:00, and the hotel restaurant stopped serving at 1:30. Had the restaurant still been open when I arrived, it would not have made much difference as the only thing on the menu suitable for vegetarians was a salad. My room was almost at the end of a very long hallway and the elevators were notoriously slow. Arriving very hungry from an early morning flight and dinner not scheduled until 7:00 PM, the food court in the mall was a lifesaver. A general tip for travelers to Montreal, be as selective as possible when taking a taxi from the airport. My trip to the hotel was akin to one of the more exciting rides at an amusement park complete with standoffs at intersections and several near misses with speeds of 90+ mph. Luckily, the return taxi was quite pleasant with a more mature and professional driver.	
Mar 26 2009 	Not bad at all	I felt a little compelled to write a review on this one because I was a little skeptical. Other reviews seems very hit or miss. I agree entirely with the previous review. The lobby is nice, pool area is great, the restaurant looked nice (but I didn't eat there). Service was fine as well. For us, what made the trip was that it was attached to the mall. I didn't think this was too big of a 'perk', until I found out that I just had to go down the escalator for a great lunch and breakfast selection, late night treats at the grocery store, and a nice bottle of wine from the SAQ (Quebec's liquor store). Plus travelling with a young child, he was able to run around the mall fountain @ 7:30 am without going outside. Of course the location is very central, right on Ste. Caterine and about a 10 minute walk from Old Montreal. Now for the actual rooms. I thought they were fine. A closer look and there is definately some wear, but nothing to be concerned about. As with the previous review, mine is a little skewed because of the great rate I received, but a solid choice none the less..	
Mar 23 2009 	It is a business hotel - nothing fancy nothing terrible.	This hotel is located just a few minutes from downtown, Chinatown old Montreal. The hotel looks like it had a renovation 5+ years ago. The lobby area is well decorated and pleasant. The rooms themselves were also renovated, although it doesn't look like they put much money into them just a refreshing. The hotel itself looks like a large block of concrete. While I don’t think it will any architectural awards, it is not as ugly from the outside as some previous posts have suggested. The hotel sits above a large shopping mall (and has direct access without having to go outside). This is very convenient. There is a large food court, wine store and an IGA supermarket (as well as the usual mall brands). My review is in part influenced by the fact that I got a very, very cheap rate on Hotwire for this hotel (a fraction of the advertised rate). If I had to pay full rates for this hotel I would have shopped around to see if I could find a better hotel for the same money. The bottom line is this: this is a business hotel. You wouldn’t stay here if you were looking for an amazing service experience (try the W hotel or Intercontinental instead). However, if you are looking for a business hotel which has what you need and wont break the bank, this is a good candidate.	
Mar 8 2009 	good quality sensible city hotel - no medals no brickbats	Architecturally this is horrible - a raw concrete block sitting over a shopping mall, with the lobby an elevator away from street and taxi level. But that doesn't matter too much once you're inside, looking out! Service is ok. Check in was quick tho' the girl didn't know the answers to most of my questions and had to refer to her colleagues. Check out was slow as there was a queue of guests and not enough staff. Room service was quick and efficient (and the food was good!). The bellboy was slow to get my stored bags as I left but quick to get a cab. Coffee service in the lobby was willing and friendly.The room's a typical Hyatt room, the right size, comfortable bed, good bath, tea/coffee in the room. The internet worked well (I suspect it's, as usual for a Hyatt, expensive, but I had a internet-included rate). Breakfast was good, plenty of choice, and good quality.I'd picked this hotel as it had an indoor pool that was reputed to be (just) long enough to swim laps. However at 6pm on a Sunday it was already shut for the day, and didn't open till late morning. As a business traveller with meetings all day this meant that I couldn't use it. Very frustrating. There's a small gym (a bit too much equipment in too small a space).So this is an efficient place to stay if you've meetings in this part of Montreal, but you wouldn't stay here for a relaxed weekend, or an extended period of time.	
Mar 5 2009	Worst hotel in Montreal	Hyatt Regency MontrealWe choose this hotel because of the brand. Booked 2 King rooms for a week-end for family travelling from Europe.What a nightmare when we got to the rooms, it wasn't King bedrooms. We have to insist before the not-too-friendly staff eventually said I ahve 2 King rooms for you.It wasn't King, rooms were smelly, paint in bathroom was awful...Nevere saw this before. 5-year old daughter said: &quot;This is worst than the hotels we've been to in the summer&quot;. We were in Montreal, NYC, ... always 4+ starsBe careful with this place!!!	
Feb 27 2009 	OK hotel - recently renovated	Stayed here for 3 nights and thought it was an OK hotel. Staff were good, room had obviously had a recent minor Hyatt makeover. It was definitely overpriced though when compared with similar priced Hyatt's (eg Vancouver) and had some super expensive parking.Likes- Great staff, very knowledgeable and helpful- You can use the underground streets connected to the hotel to avoid going outsideDislikes- Could have done with a more substantial makeover, looked like it was done on the cheap- Paying for everything! Wifi, parking etc- Pricey for what it isOverall I don't really have any huge feelings either way about this hotel. Didn't love it, didn't hate it. Oh and it's the only Hyatt that's never credited my points, even after 3 months and 2 follow-up reminders	
Feb 15 2009 	Nice hotel with great location but guest rooms need work!	My husband, myself and two young kids stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in February. The lobby is nice, staff friendly and the hotel is in a great location with access to a mall via the hotel elevators. The negatives were the guest rooms as the bathrooms needed updating ie. the shower. I did not think they were up to Hyatt standards. The elevators were not cleaned regularly. The hotel restaurant is not open for dinnner which made it difficult with two young kids as the mall downstairs shut around 6pm during the week. On the positive side, the pool is great! Have to be honest though, upon entering the guest room, my husband and daughter insisted they could not stay in such a room however did adapt after a night or two.	
Feb 3 2009 	Clean comfortable and great location	We were able to book this hotel for a bit less than 100$ CAD (all in) with Priceline. The service staff were very friendly and accommodating for our early check-in. The room was clean, bed super comfortable, and the shower top notch! It's a great location and a short walk to key areas. We parked at the shopping mall (complexe Desjardins) for 9$.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone coming to MTL, and would go back again!	
Jan 5 2009 	Fab location average hotel	I stayed 2 nights at this hotel in early January 2009. I booked through Hotwire at $75/night.The room was nothing special. It had a king size bed, older TV, sparse decor. It was a bit of a let down considering it was a Hyatt. The main problem in the room was the shower. The water temperature constantly changed from hot to freezing despite attempts to adjust accordingly. The tub was also a disappoinment, narrow and shallow, like an apartment tub.The restaurant was not open for dinner during the time we were there. There is some food available in the lounge adjacent to the lobby.Parking is $19/day with no in-out privileges or $26/day valet with in-out privileges. Wireless internet is available at $12.95/day.On the plus side, this hotel offered excellent service. The staff were very willing to please and efficient. There is a beautiful pool area and gym. The location is fantastic. It is adjoined to a mall with easy access to the Metro and the underground network of tunnels, especially nice when it's freezing cold outside. The hotel is really close to shopping, restaurants, museums and the Old Montreal district. I would stay here again based on the location, although I would never pay full price. See if you can get this through Hotwire or Priceline and you will be satisfied.	
Jan 3 2009 	A Pig in Lipstick	A group of us from Toronto, all young people 18 - 22, decided to take a short trip to Montreal to see the sights and celebrate the new year. One of us had heard good things about the Hyatt, and seeing as we were able to book at a reduced rate since the hotel was offering an early-bird winter special, decided to give it a try.Right from the get-go, the service at this hotel was mediocre at best. We initially ordered two rooms and negotiated what we were told was a free breakfast included each day for 2 people per room (usually a 35 dollar value, per day), since we were booking 2 rooms for 5 nights each. A few days later a few more people entered our party and we needed another room. We called back the same number to find out that while our initial rooms were still booked, we couldn't get the same rate for an additional room because the manager had to approve it. We were given her name and number and told to leave a message and she would get right back to us. For the next 3 weeks we left several phone messages with no return call from the manager. We were re-directed to several people who said they couldn't help us. Meanwhile, the rate for the room steadily inclined as we reached closer to the new year. Finally, 3 days before our trip we were told the manager we had been trying to reach for nearly a month was on vacation and all the hotel could do was charge us 50 dollars more per day for the additional room, even though they were the ones at fault for not getting back to us sooner. On top of that, they claimed that at no time was a free breakfast offered to us.When we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted by bell boys who were fairly friendly and helpful with our luggage. If you want to park in the hotel, it costs something like 26 dollars a day. If you are not planning to use your car (and trust me, you can get practically anywhere in the downtown area by underground or Metro), park next door in the Complex Dejardins (the mall directly underneath the Hyatt). It costs $19 for every 24 hours, as long as you don't leave the complex (i.e. no in and out privileges). We did this for 5 days and the car was completely safe, underground in a well lit and secure parking lot for only $75 total. We got to the hotel at around 4:30pm, our room was ready and check-in went smoothly. The rooms are spacious and were clean and tidy. Yes, the TV was a little old but it worked and it had enough English channels to entertain us in the little amount of time we did spend in our rooms. The heating was easy to adjust and adapt to your own liking. The bathroom was clean, my only complaint being that there was very little counter space (ladies, your make-up bag, wash kit and hair products will not fit very well in the bathroom at all). However, several things went wrong over the course of 5 days, including one complete room change half way through due to a malfunctioning shower. I'm not the type to do much complaining or be too picky, but here's a list of the things that went wrong in our rooms in 5 days that the hotel did little to nothing to help remedy the situation in any way:- Shower head that was broken and dangling from it's perch, with water that switched every 30 seconds from absolutely freezing to scalding hot. Took 2 days for maitenence to come in and out before switching us to another room completely because they couldn't do anything (apparently - however another couple was booked in that room a few hours after we left, meaning they knowingly booked someone in a room with a broken shower)- 2 occasions where the rooms were not cleaned and no one responded when we called down to ask for someone to come up because the room was missed.- 2 TVs that had blown speakers that would ring if you turned them up past a certain volume- Electrical outlets that would not work at all- Fire alarm in the middle of the night from 4 am to 5 am with no compensation (i.e. in terms of offering food, blankets, drinks, etc. to those waiting out in the cold in their PJs half asleep)In my opinion, when it comes down to it - for the amount of money you pay to stay in the hotel, you get little to no service, and many of the amenities you'd expect to be free (local phone calls are 1.50 each!) or cheap (wireless internet cost 35 dollars a day for access) are not included. I have had better stays at howard johnson's or days inns than here. Mind you, the location is amazing and you are in walking distance of just about all the major attractions.For advice on eating - try Jiggs Fritere downstairs in the food court. Very cheap but tasty food, especially the poutins and breakfast (served till 11). For dining out, the Baton Rouge was terrible (service and food), try St. Huberts (the French version of Swiss Chalet) for great prices and great food. Didn't find any bagel places in close vacinty to the hotel, but a quick drive down St. Laurent will take you to Shwartzs Deli which has amazing Montreal smoked meat.For sights, we went to the Biodome/botanical gardens/insectariam (biodome is the best by far and not to be missed in my opinion!), shopping on Rue St. Catherine (the other street the Hotel borders) which is a street lined with shops, mostly clothing, although I didn't see many different from the ones found in Toronto. We also went to the Cathedral Notre Dame, which is within walking distance and GORGEOUS. Anyone with an appreciation of history/religion/architecture should not miss this. For nightlife, we only really went out one night, on new years, to a party at club soda down the street. But from what I can see, St. Laurent and St. Catherine, 2 streets within walking distance from the hotel, are littered with bars, pubs and clubs. I'm sure you could find a great party to go to every night within stumbling distance from the hotel. Don't be afraid to take the metro and the bus system! It's incredibly fast and efficient, and all have maps of popular destinations and which stops/buses to take to get there. Also, you can get to almost anywhere by taking the underground paths which are well lit and easy to navigate if you pay attention to the maps and arrows.Lastly, don't be nervous if you do not speak French very well/at all. Most people speak nearly perfect English, and if not, they know enough to tell you what you need to know. It was actually mind blowing to see how efficiently bi-lingual most Montrealers are. We got some attitude a few times for being obvious English tourists from Ontario, but it was slim to none and for the most part Montrealers are extremely nice and helpful people. Plus, we met many other Torontonians, Ottawers and Americans in the hotel which was a fun experience. Overall, I'd give the hotel a 3 out of 5. A great location and aesthetically pleasing, however much to expensive for the services offered. There are many other hotels in the area which I would recommend checking out before this one.	
Jan 1 2009 	This is NOT a 4-star hotel	The Hyatt bills itself as a 4-star hotel. What's 4-star about it? Don't get me wrong - there's nothing hugely wrong with it. And I can't complain about the US$55 we paid for our room on Priceline. But this place is extremely average.Our room was on the 7th floor next to the pop machine, and oddly shaped because of the building's ugly 1970s architecture. On the positive side, the bed was very comfortable, as at all Hyatt Regency hotels. But the negatives far outweigh the positives. First off, there was hardly any light in the room. Inexcusably for a room with a king-sized bed, there was only one bedside table and lamp. Aside from this lamp, there was a floor lamp, a table lamp on the smallish desk, and a small halogen potlight over the coffeemaker area. In the winter light, the room was depressingly dim during the day, and at night reading on the non-bedside-lamp side of the bed was out of the question. The TV was at least 10 years old. Under the TV, there was space in the cabinet for a fridge, but no fridge. The bathroom was OK, but didn't have an exhaust fan. All in all, not a four-star room at all.The rest of the hotel seemed fine. The staff were friendly and the gym was clean and well-equipped.The hotel charges $26 for parking, but there's no reason to pay this. On weekends, parking in the Complexe Desjardins garage (the hotel is on top of a large mall) is $9 a day. There are also a couple of outdoor lots across the street where overnight parking on weeknights is $10 for up to 12 hours.Also, there is no reason to pay $18 for the hotel breakfast. There's an Eggspectation across the street, and a food court in the mall downstairs.	
Dec 30 2008 	Location Couldn't Be More Pefect!	My husband and I booked the Hyatt Regency for a one night stay on Boxing Day en route to Mt. Tremblant. We got a very reasonable rate via Priceline. Arrived at the hotel around 2:00pm and was checked in right away. We parked in the mall indoor parking lot for $9 which was a bargain compared to the hotel's valet parking of $24/day. The indoor lot is very clean, brightly lit and heated!We were given a room on the 7th floor (720) closest to the elevator. We weren't able to hear the elevators or traffic in the hall as the room had a second door leading in.Our room had a king sized bed with soft, clean linens. The mattress was a pillow top and absolutely one of the most comfortable I've slept in. We had a nice view of St. Catherine's St and the art centre across the street.Unfortunately, since we were out most of the day/night and left early in the morning around 6:00am, we didn't get to use the pool or gym facilities. The location of the Hyatt is the best...right on St. Catherine St., just steps away from shopping, restaurants and the Metro. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone who is visiting Montreal for the first time and wants to stay somewhere central. I've been to Montreal several times before and wished I had stayed at this Hyatt.	
Dec 17 2008 	Super convenient for a weekend stay...and loved the pool!	Booked via Priceline for 65$ all inclusive. Arrived on a Friday, and check in was courteous. However, was given a room which was not cleaned...problem fixed quickly however. The room was smallish although nicely decorated. The king bed was extremely comfortable, slept in well on Saturday. The bathroom could have used a better cleaning, and the bath fauced leaked a bit. Toiletries were of good quality. Internet connection was 10$CAN per day, but did not take it.The highlight of my stay was the gym, fully equiped with LCD TV for cardio, and a good selection of machine for musculation, and a very large and deep pool, with friendly attendant. The changeing room was quite nice, with glass doors leading to a coed steam room and dry sauna. The restaurants were rather expensive (18$ continental buffet), so I went downstair to the Complexe Desjardins food courts, where you can eat a decent breakfast (chose Frankie's Hot Dog, 2 eggs and sausage and toast for 5$). There is also an IGA supermarket and a Uniprix pharmacy. The elevators were a bit inconvenient to go from the hotel to the mall. When its cold outside, take advantage of the Underground city. As for parking, use the Complexe parking, not the hotel. Parking starting Friday at 6PM is 9$ for 24 hours (left my car there for most of Saturday, as I arrived at 8PM the day before). This is a great hotel, close to the mall, and the metro, with a great gym and pool.	
Nov 28 2008 	Watch out!	Just arrived and it only took us one and one half hours to check into our room. I paid an extra $50.00 per night for a Regency Club room, which was advertised as being on a restricted floor, with a concierge and lounge for appetisers and breakfast. It was also advertised to be recently renovated with an enhanced working area. Our room was not ready even tho we arrived at 4:30. We were sent to a room without robes, enhanced toiletries or many of the amenities we were told would be included. We then waited for 45 minutes for another room to be cleaned. This room has no refrigerator, as advertised, the 'sony cd radio' is in fact an old g.e. without cd (let alone ipod capability), and the furniture in here is like something out of Motel 8, chipped and scratched, and not much room on the desk for a computer in addition to the the lamp and phone. The manager has promised to send a fridge and cd radio up to the room but I'm still waiting and when I asked about the misinformation on the website, he said that he had asked Hyatt many times to change it and they have refused. There is mould in the grouting in the bathroom, as others have commented. They did supply the robes and enhanced toiletries. The location is good, but there are a lot of other hotels in this area, so I really can't see returning, and if they don't follow through on the promises, I may just check out tomorrow instead of staying for two nights.	
Nov 15 2008 	Close to perfect !	We first arrived late evening. The valet attendants were very friendly and helpful and took our bags from the trunk and guided us where to go to check in. The front desk was also very friendly and by the time we got our keys and went to our room, our bags were delivered to us 5mins later - Very impressed. Our rooms (we booked 2) were freezing, along with the hallways. The front desk told us how to turn on the heat but left out one major key point. When turning down the round dial button to off (counter clockwise) you then have to turn the thermostat up. We had a technician come - who was also very pleasant. Once that was sorted, we were just fine. So far so good....The beds were INCREDIBLE. It was just like sleeping on a cloud. Anyone who wants a very good night sleep - this is the place to be. The fitness area was also very nice. There is a fully loaded gym with a beautiful swimming pool. The bar - never got a chance to have a drink, was also very nice but not many people in there.As for someone mentioning in a previous review about being charged for more towels - I did heed his advice and asked for an itemized bill. I saw that they did not charge me the full $26 for parking (as I hadn't parked for the full 24hrs). So, in my opinion the hotel was rather gracious in that respect.Overall - I'd give this hotel a 5 out of 5. I've stayed in many hotels and I have to say, this one was fantastic. Great location also.	
Nov 11 2008 	Fine Hotel but Wi-Fi Not So Great	Stayed here for work conference that was at nearby expo hall. Bought the business plan through Expedia that offered Wi-Fi and breakfast each morning. The breakfasts were very good and the cafe staff was very efficient so I could have a good start to my days. I grew tired of the lobby elevator. It was slow and crowded and it seemed silly to not have stairs to get down one floor to the street. I agree with another poster that the TVs are fairly ancient. All told, the hotel has a great location, the staff was uniformly good. My only problem was with the Wi-Fi reception, or lack thereof. The phone tech support for the Wi-Fi provider was great, though it didn't really help me get a better signal. They didn't feel that moving me to another room would help. I was able to get good reception in the hotel bar but, as I had a number of work-related things to take care of in the evenings, it would have been nice to get them done in the privacy of my room. Again, great location - close to funky shopping, Chinatown, museums. If I came back for a real vacation, I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 20 2008 	Better than expected	Using Priceline I booked two nights at the Montreal Hyatt at a great price. Reading Tripadvisor after the booking I was a little concerned. Upon checking in I presented my Gold Hyatt card. I was given a room on the 11th floor that was very nice. It seemed to be recently renovated; The washroom was clean and bright. The room also was very nice. The only minor complainant with the room was the circa 1980 Zenith 19 inch television sitting upon a very nice wardrobe. Although I don’t watch much TV it is nice to have a decent LCD. The location of the hotel is great, street weekend parking is available. The hotel has a basic lobby, not very impressive. You take an elevator from the street to the lobby and another elevator to your room, a minor inconvenience, The front desk service was fair, but there is an on going strike with some staff. It would recommend that you ask for a renovated room if you stay at the Hyatt.	
Oct 16 2008 	Fantastic	This place is just the total package. The room was fantastic, the amenities perfect, the location ideal and the staff superb. The details are all taken care of, right down to the Erl Grey tea (instead of that orange crap dished out at most hotels). I arrived a bit early (2:30) and my room wasn't available so the hotel gave me a couple caesar's (doubles) on the house. When I got up to the room I was truly pleased at the cleanliness and upscale look. I do a ton of business travelling and this place is heaven for a business traveller. It's connected to a mall that has everything you'd need (including a really handy liqour stor).I can't say enough about this place. For the business minded this is THE place to stay.	
Oct 15 2008 	Mixed experience somewhat with this one	Overall, I can't say I was disappointed with this hotel. But definitely there some things which I was VERY surprised about with this one.First the pros: Absolutely amazing location, can't be beat. The hotel is in the heart of the city with everything around you within pretty much walking distance. Below the hotel is a mall with a food court. You didn't even have to go outside to go shopping or get some food, it was all there. Of course if you chose to go outside there were many more options as well. Beds were very comfortable and the room itself was overall quite pleasant (except for the cons below). These are the big, big pluses of the hotel.Now the cons: For a 3.5 star (per Priceline) I was appalled at the furniture in the room. It was in short - old and plenty used/scratched. I have never seen such old used furniture in a hotel of this calibre. Secondly, the hallways were very dark. Thirdly, and another absolute shocker, the washroom was very dark and not only that had lots of grime in the grout in between the wall tiles and some of the areas around the tub. As well it seemed as if the wall tiles in the tub area had been permanently marked by the water or something because they looked like they were in major need of sand blasting or something. Very bad condition of the wall tiles as well as the ground tiles which had cracks here and there. Parts of the washroom reminded me of something you'd find in a 1 star motel.Overall, as mentioned, we enjoyed our stay at this hotel and I gave it a rating of 4 principally because of its location and connection to shopping/food but have to admit I could not believe some of the things I was saw in this hotel considering its class.	
Oct 13 2008 	Perfect!	We booked the Hyatt through Hotwire for $85 including taxes, which was awesome. The location is absolutely perfect, right downtown, literally on top of a mall. Chinatown is just around the corner, and St. Catherine St. is also right there. As far as the hotel itself, friendly service, everything in perfect condition, comfortable beds, etc. The only thing i can think of that approaches a complaint is that it was kind of confusing to get to the lobby. We had gone to the mall first and had to search for a while to find the right elevator, then a little more to get to the reception desk from there. That's pretty minor though. Friendly staff, modern decor, comfy, spacious room, and GREAT location!	
Oct 7 2008 	Great location	Our most recent trip to Montreal was just overnight for a festival &amp; we stayed at the Hyatt. We had no problems checking in even though we arrived quite late. The hotel's location is wonderful, right outside the hotel is where quite a few events are held. Our festival wasn't but it was easy enough to find. The room was quite small with no real view to speak of but it was clean &amp; very comfortable which is what matters since we weren't there for the hotel &amp; did use priceline for a great price. We didn't make use of all the amenities the hotel offers since it was a short trip but would stay again!The only annoyance we had was the elevator to get to the reception area. One very slow elevator ride not going very far when we would have loved to see some stairs. We didn't find another way in, maybe there was?	
Sep 25 2008	I loved this hotel!!	I stayed in this hotel since I was in Montreal for a Congress in September 2008. The hotel was so comfortable and had everything I needed. The breakfast was included in my price and was great. They had bagels (yummy Montreal Bagels), fresh fruit, freshly made omlets, good meat and chese selection. The staff were very professional. The hotel is located in a great location in Montreal. Minutes to museums, shopping, congress centre and I even walked to old Montreal at night and back. The rooms are superb. Clean. Nice. Best bed ever. Great shower. Nice and friendly cleaning lady (I feel so bad for forgetting to leave her tip) and free internet. The gym is fab and it offers yoga classes!!! All and all, I highly recommend this hotel for a city or work trip.	
Sep 19 2008 	not as nice as it looks on the website	I stayed here for 3 nights and was not impressed. some of my complaints:I had problems seeing in the bathroom b/c it was so dark! I had a water leak under my sinkMy room card somehow got deactivatedThe elevator system is crazyhowever, the bed was SO COMFORTABLE, the gym was good, the location was great, and the concierge Benoit was excellent	
Sep 14 2008 	Horrible horrible	The interior of the hotel is rather dark and dingy. The rooms are nothing special, if large. The hotel claims there is wireless internet in every room, but this is completely untrue. My room had no signal at all. Several other people I asked had either weak signal or none at all. When I asked the desk clerk to change my room to one with a better signal so that I could work on some assignments due in a few days, she claimed that I was wrong and then gave me some incredibly bogus advice on what to do. (&quot;Take the computer into the lobby, connect to the internet there, and then take the computer back to your room. Many guests have tried this and it worked for them.&quot;) I performed these antics only when she told me she would switch my room if it didn't work, and, when it didn't, of course, she changed her mind and refused to switch my room. Lovely. The tech phone support, although friendly, was also no help. The one nice thing I can say about the hotel is that the workout room is well-equipped and always open. However, it is ruined by some very LOUD pop music played through the room's sound system. The controls are locked in a closet and you cannot turn the volume down or change the channel. There is an hotel phone in the workout room, and after suffering through yet another American-idol style rendition of a beloved soul classic, I could take no more, and I called the hotel operator to ask for assistance turning off the music. A few minutes later, a manager appeared who unlocked the room and turned down the music a smidge. I asked him to turn it down more, but he refused, saying something about hotel policy and satellite radio. He was so smug and self-important about it that I began to suspect that for him, saying &quot;no&quot; to middle-aged American lady scientists was an unanticipated and highly enjoyable perk of the job for him.	
Aug 10 2008 	Nice Hotel BUT NO SERVICES due to workers strike..LOUSY!	I am currently in 2nd of 4 night stay at this hotel. It is a nice hotel with nice rooms, lobby, nice pool, direct access to underground mall and internal access to subway, great location BUT the hotel workers are all on strike (and all the power to them, you have to fight for your rights and I totally support that). My beefs...I was warned upon checkin that there was no room service, pool was closed (yikes) but was told there was limited housekeeping, not NO housekeeping which is the exact situation. The VERY least they could have done is given me additional shampoo, etc in the bathrooom (and additional towels) at the beginning but NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,,I have asked twice for these basic amenities but NOTHING. I am out of shampoo and conditioner which is fine if I hadn't been told they would be delivered to my room but twice requested and NOTHING...I am running low on towels as well and my garbages are overflowing.The least this GARBAGE hotel could have done is pre-warned their guests so they could cancel but I had prepaid this hotel and they will not refund my money, I will be writing to their head office BUT do not anticipate a response.I will certainly never utilise HYATT again. They can't treat their own employees right, let alone their guests.	
Aug 6 2008 	Was shocked and appalled	Was shocked and appalledI am a semi-frequent traveler, and yet this is the first hotel review I have ever written in this forum, probably because my time at The Hyatt Montreal so motivated me to do so.I short, I was a horrible, terrible experience. I planned a vacation in Montreal, and called a month in advance to book a suite for $350 per night. When I got there, at 6 pm on a Thursday night, there was a long line at the counter. It took me over 30 minutes just to check in! Needless to say, they had no suites, and asked if I would take a different type of room, smaller. I said no, I had booked a suite. So after a lot of bickering back and forth, they found a room. It was really two small rooms, with an adjoining doorway to make it a &quot;suite.&quot; To say it was dissapointing would be an understatement.The room was not really dirty or anything, but just tired, and cramped. It had the look of being used for many years. BUT, the furniture was unbelievably cheap. And the room was small and cramped. And the bathroom was tiny. This was a two star hotel, not a one star, but by NO means a three star hotel. The Internet would not work. They have no in house service, so I had to call a 1-800 number, and wait on hold for another 30 minutes, litterally, and then was told it would be $14 for service to get me on line. Then, they were never able to get me on line.We called room service. It took over ninety (90!) minutes to get a very cold hard dry hamburger and a wilted salad with gross fries. In the tiny bathroom, there was grime on the molding everywhere. It took forever to get the warm water to run. It was just dark and dank. There were no yellow pages in the room. It took the concierge well over an hour to get it there. Everything about this hotel was wrong wrong wrong. Lines for all services, and long delays. The bar area was depressing. It was just like being a piece of steer hoarded into a cattle car. We checked out the next day and will never go back. Just terrible.	
Jul 21 2008 	It's The Place to Be!	The Hyatt experience started off with a great deal on Hotwire, and things just got better and better. This location should be the envy of the city, a five minute walk to beautiful Old Montreal, five minutes to the financial district, and across the street from the Metro Station. In the middle of all the restaurants and shops, the Hyatt also is the host of all the best festivals and activities, like the world famous Jazz Festival. Not to mention, the Hyatt is connected to an underground mall. The room is typical Hyatt with all the signature amenities and of course, the Grand Bed. A nice touch is the balcony off the lobby, this serves as a great place to have a drink and people watch. To keep out folks just wondering around, the hotel has staff at the entrance during busy times to check room keys for extra security. The bottom line is the Hyatt is a great choice and a good value, if you can score a deal under $200.00	
Jul 20 2008 	Enjoyed our visit	Stayed for a couple of nights during the comedy festival and the hotel was VERY busy. However the staff were wonderful and extremely organized. It is in a great location, within walking distance of Old Montreal and many other attractions and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a place to stay in Montreal.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great Location great room	We got a great deal on Priceline for this hotel. We spent three nights here. The location is very good close to the old city, Chinatown, St. Catherine, the Contemporary Art Museum and various neighborhoods. The room was large with a great view of the city. The hotel was a little difficult to get out of, you had to take two elevators to get to a shopping center on the ground floor then find your way to the street. But it was good having the shopping plaza in the same building there was a large food court, an IGA supermarket a bank and lots of other stores there. Parking was expensive at $19 a day for self park , it's 26 a day if you use the valet. The staff was helpful but didn't know about some of the arts venues we were looking for. The experience was outstanding for the $65 a night price on Priceline.	
Jun 1 2008 	Hyatt Not As Good As Other Montreal Hotels	The room was very comfortable, with a nice, clean bed, and the small window (which didn't open) had a very pleasant view of Mont Royal and the Place des Arts. But there was one thing that soured my entire stay -- the internet situation. Not only did the ridiculous $13 per day charge annoy me (for wireless access!), but my connection was all but nonexistent in my room. When I called the front desk to inquire about a remedy, they first suggested that I pay $50 to upgrade to a Club Level room so that I could use the computers in the Club Lounge. And this after I had already paid for access! I found my own solution -- going to the lobby, where my (paid) access worked. But what really ticked me off was when I asked the concierge if there was a place for free WiFi, and he said that he didn't know of anything -- and, by chance, I found out that the coffee stand in the mall just below (a ten-second elevator ride away) offered free WiFi. Clearly, the staff is trained to milk every last cent from guests. Such a shame, because the rooms are nice, and the hotel is in a great location.	
May 28 2008 	Another Great Stay at the Hyatt for Next to Nothing!	We love Montreal and when we don't need a suite we have been using Priceline to book our room. We are familiar with all the hotels on Priceline's 3 star Montreal hotel list (which you can find at biddingfortravel) so we don't think it's a risk to do so. They're all fine. Three times now we have been lucky enough to get the Hyatt. It is directly across from the Place des Artes which is not only a cultural center ordinarily but also the hub of the fantastic Jazz Festival in late June and early July. From here, it's an easy walk to shopping on St. Catherine, Dining on Cresent or in Chinatown, or strolling through Old Port.Check in is always a breeze. We ask for two beds, non-smoking, and a room on a high floor away from elevator and ice machine noises and we have always been accomodated. The pool, which is on a rooftop, but is at a lower level than the top of the main tower, has a glass ceiling with a nice view of the city and outdoor lounging if you want that.Rooms are well-appointed, and corridors are clean and bright. The only thing I miss from the Delta up the hill is a newspaper outside my door in the morning. Still, these are available in the lobby.I wrote a short article about this hotel which includes lots of restaurant tips. You can find it at http://www.helium.com/items/1030149-montreal-habit-forming-festival We are foodies and spent a long time compiling these suggestions. Every one is worth trying and they will bring you to different parts of town all worth seeing!Don't hesitate to book the Hyatt and try priceline. We got it for $61 this time. Amazing! (It will be more in summer, but still a good deal.	
May 20 2008 	Good Price and Location....had a great time!	Just got back from spending Victoria Day long weekend in Montreal. The Hyatt was great. Booked on Priceline at $67/night, stayed Sat and Sun night. Check-in was a breeze, the room was spotless and we had no problems with noise. The only negatives were that the pool was closed and our view was crummy.Loved the food court on the second floor (the hotel lobby is on the 6th floor of the bldg). Lots of diverse options!We parked in the bldg (Complex Desjardins). There is an elevator connecting the parking lot directly to the hotel lobby...very convenient. I wouldn't bother with valet parking. We arrive Sat at 5, parked til Mon at 11:30. Total charge was $16.Lobby staff provided free maps of Montreal. It was a 10 min walk to old montreal. The area around the hotel is definitely not seedy (as some have posted). We felt safe at all times. Old montreal is filled with art galleries, shops and cute restaurants in old stone bldgs with courtyards. TONNES of dining options.I can't believe people have posted things about poor lighting strength and having to take 2 elevators to get to the street. I guess some people will compliain about anything! For the price...its an awesome deal.	
May 19 2008 	A good but not great experience	Although the location, interior decor, and service at this hotel was superb, there are two main reasons why my rating is neither excellent nor above average. My first complaint is that the pool was shutdown for repairs. This issue would not have bothered me as much if I had expected it, but since my reservations and the hotel website made no mention of their repairs, I was definitely disappointed. My second issue with the Hyatt is their provision of wireless internet as an extra charge. Why a four star hotel would not offer this service complimentary is beyond me. There are a few 4 star alternatives within walking distance that have both a working pool and free internet, which has negatively influenced this review. Aside from these caveats, my stay was comfortable and relatively convenient. However, there are more economical and higher quality alternatives in the area.	
May 14 2008	Location Location Location!	I got this hotel on Priceline for 70$ and it was a great value for the price.The location of this hotel is simply awesome. It is right on the main Catherine street and everything is within walking distance. The old town area is just about a 10 min walk. The hotel is connected via underground to 2 metro lines. Also there are several buses which stop just outside the hotel . You can get a 3 day tourist pass for 17$ and travel unlimited on the metro and buses. I would recommend using public transport since parking is pretty expensive in downtown.I took the Aerobus from the airport and it dropped me right at the doorstep of the hotel.The room was very nice. I agree with other reviewers that it needs better lighting. The pool area was closed for maintenance . The restaurant has excellent buffets for all meals.The hotel is attached to a mall and there is a large food court below the hotel which has a great variety . Thai, Indian, Chinese, Sushi, Greek, Burgers, Sandwiches, Mexican , Coffee, Desserts,Italian , they have it all. There is also a supermarket which can be useful.Overall a great hotel with a superb location.	
May 5 2008 	Solid Experience Good Value.	I booked the Hyatt Regency at $70USD/night (~$85CDN/night including all taxes + fees) on Priceline and it was rated a three-star hotel on the site. I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of the hotel when I checked in, and the furnishings and quality of the room are definitely at four-star level. Check-in was quick and painless - I was given the choice of a king or two doubles without asking, and while the pool &amp; sauna were out of service during my stay (which was disappointing), the remainder of the stay was quite good. For those on a budget, you do get dinged with incidentals such as local phone calls ($1/call) and internet service (WiFi access is $13/day). There was no bar fridge in the room.Location is outstanding - you are linked directly underground to the metro and the underground complex which is especially convenient when the weather is less than ideal, and you're right on Saint Catherine when you want to get out and explore downtown.	
Apr 14 2008 	good hotel okay location...	We booked our stay through the montreal tourism website, we paid $189 for the 1st night, 50% off the second night. It was a pretty good deal considering that it included daily buffet breakfast. The breakfast was wonderful, every possible choice, including fresh omelettes made to order. Hotel was clean, staff friendly. My only concern was that we were told that we were connected to underground shopping, I assumed that it would be connected to the eaton center somehow, but it wasn't. You have a mall (complexes dejardins) downstairs, but you'll have to walk a couple of blocks before you get to the main shopping area. This hotel is quite far from the main area (too east), next time I'm going to stay at a hotel more on the west end, but I'll definitely miss the buffet breakfast!!	
Apr 9 2008	Pleasant Stay	I booked this hotel through priceline, I got a very good deal with $70/nightI went with my mom for a road trip from NYC to ottawa &amp; then to Montreal. It was very nice. We loved the hotelStaff: very friendly and will do their best to help. We had a tour to quebec and we have missed our shuttle to be taken to the tour office, so they called them and had someone come just to pick us up and take us to the tour office.Rooms: Modern, very comfortable bed, room service is fast and reasonable price. The only thing I would suggest is more lights in the room, the room is kind of dimBreakfast Buffet: was beyond imaginable, excellent food and service and reasonable pricesThe only thing I would complain about is the elevators, We went at the time of the film festival so there were alot of people and the 2 elevators were not enough for the crowds, we basically waited 10-15 minutes just to get an elevator on the floor.The location of the hotel was nice, we were able to walk to Old Montreal and to Notre Dame . We also loved the mall that is connected below the hotel. I would definetely go back to this hotel in a heartbeat especially with the great rate we got it for.	
Apr 1 2008 	Superb Location and Quality	I just returned from a 3-night stay at the Hyatt Regency Montreal and I am so pleased to have stayed there. Montreal has over a 100 places to stay in its downtown core and I researched many choices before selecting the Hyatt. The location cannot be beat. It is linked underground to so many essential services: the Place-des-Arts metro, the Palais des Congres, the SAQ (Liquor store), IGA (supermarket), and so many other shops in the Complexe Desjardins shopping mall. The rooms are gorgeous. The beds are very comfortable and plush, and the room layout and space was perfect. The bathroom is small for 2 people getting ready together but the spacious shower and luxury bath amenities more than makes up for that.People have complained here about this property but after my stay, I disagree. The pool is gorgeous and the breakfast buffet is simply outstanding. Front desk staff are most friendly check-in and out was very efficient. The price is on-par with other 4-star hotels but its location and underground linkage is very convenient for business travellers or tourists wishing to use the Metro.Montreal is a world-class city and when I return, I will definitely stay at the Hyatt Regency.	
Mar 28 2008	Okay.	Stayed at the Hyatt over Easter. Location was great and bed comfortable. Dining terrace which was under snow looked like it would be very nice in the summer. Only complaint was that the room only had a series of very dim table and floor lamps, no overhead light, so at night it was dim in the room. Otherwise, was fine. I prefer the Hilton and Sheraton for this level of hotel, nicer toiletries, nicer pillows, etc. but it was fine for what it was and we got a great deal on the price so can't complain.	
Mar 16 2008 	Good overall	Staff were friendly and attentitive, and upgraded our room for free as they had the space available. We had a great view, and I loved that there was a mall underneath the hotel!!! We were on the 11th floor and there were two things I didn't enjoy. First, was that the bathroom fan didnt work leaving undesireable odor in the hotel room whenever someone used it, and second, which I understand was not the hotel's fault... our room was right beside the staircase and someone in high heel shoes on the 12th floor was walking back and forth on the staircase all night long from 10 pm untill 3am... we called the front desk at 11 pm but that didnt solve the problem. When we checked out the next day, we complained and the hotel didnt charge us for room service amounting to 50 bucks and gave us a free breakfeast... thanx but I would have rather had a good nite sleep considering I had to drive 6 hours home.	
Feb 15 2008 	Decent Hotel - There are better	I stayed at the hotel in the beginning of Feb. for my friends birthday.Experience at hotel:The hotel staff was nice enough but didn't get the room I had requested. Front desk told me the rooms were unavailable, manager said they were under construction and the maid staff told me they were just empty but available. Inconsistency was their policy. At first it angered me they couldn't accommodate my request but for the price I paid, couldn't complain too much longer. Other than that the experience was OK.Hotel: It's a nice and modern hotel. It has great potential in the summer with a large patio and pool. Rather inconvenient to take 2 elevators to get to the room. But in fairness, the elevators were quick.Rooms:Rooms are nice and the beds are very comfortable. Probably one of the best features of the hotel. The design is very appealing. The view is nothing special from the 4th floor. The Location:Not the best location but it was good. Located above a mall with a good food court for quick meals. Close to St.Laurent and St. Denis where you can find some good bars. I think the West side of downtown is a much better location in terms of atmosphere. Overall:It's a decent hotel and if you can get it at a good price then it's definitely worth it. I personally would have spent a little more for a better hotel elsewhere. Maybe the Delta Montreal or Hotel du Fort.	
Feb 3 2008 	Great hotel but so-so area	We recently stayed in Montreal, and during that visit we stayed at both the Hyatt Regency for one night and the Marriott Residence Inn Downtown for two nights. The Hyatt staff was very helpful with our early check-in, providing maps, baggage storage and hailing taxi cabs. Our room was located on the 11th floor, so we had no street noise to keep us up at night, and the room was very clean. The hotel also has convenient access to the Place d' Armes and Place des Arts Metro stations through the Complex Desjardins underground shopping area. However, the location was not as appealing as I wished it would be. From our room window, the views included buildings with colorful graffiti. There also did not seem to be too many restaurants or shops in the neighborhood, other than the Complex Desjardins. We actually liked the neighborhood surrounding the Marriott Residence Inn Downtown much better. However, just as a reminder, we were only at the Hyatt for one night, so if we had stayed longer, we may have encountered some hidden treasures, if there are any.	
Jan 7 2008 	Nothing above avarage	This hotel doesn't offer any more or any less than you should expect from a 4 star. It is functional, good sized room, very comfortable beds and neutrally decorated. Bathroom could do with some refurbishing but it was ok.The only thing that I found a bit petty was the business center, which charged for the use of the internet. I stayed in four other hotels during this trip, and Hyatt was the first place that didn't offer complimentary use of this service. When you pay the full price for your stay, it is annoying to see they still want more.	
Jan 3 2008	It's a Hyatt...Really?	We stayed at the Hyatt for a few days over New Years Eve - just returned yesterday. Wow was it disappointing for a Hyatt. The only positive thing we have to say about the Hyatt in Montreal is it's location. The front desk is terribly rude, snobby, and condescending. The rooms are in need of rennovation. The sink in the bathroom didn't drain well. The bathtub water would change from hot to cold to hot on a whim. If you want a mini-refrigerator in your room, you have to pre-reserve it. Apparently it's not standard at this Hyatt...at least that's what the front desk manager told us. It's more a 2.5/3 star than 4 star hotel...and honestly, mostly because of the poor front desk. I will not be staying here again...ever.	
Dec 31 2007 	Great Room for the price	Booked the hotel through hotwire. Went during the xmas holidays and the room came to $99.00US w/ taxes. Definitely a great price for the room.Only stayed for one night as I was just in Montreal for a party. The hotel is in the Complexe Desjardins and situated really close to St. Laurent &amp; St. Catherines. Less than a 10 minute walk to great shopping, restaurants, bars &amp; clubs!Didn't get a chance to really use any of the amenities but the rooms were nice and clean and washroom was spacious. The hotel was easy to find and had public and valet parking for somewhat a reasonable rate.Would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 26 2007 	Pretty nice!	I got a steal on this hotel through Hotwire for around $75.00 a night, so I was happy to begin with. Upon arriving, I found the hotel in nice shape, the front desk attendant very friendly and helpful, and the parking (after figuring out the garage situation) was convenient too. The rooms were very nice as well. The beds are loaded with comfy feather pillows, we had a great view of the skyscrapers and a very nice (yet very dark) bathroom, with granite countertops and beautiful Kohler fixtures.Using the interent was a bit of a hassle, as it took forever to work and had poor connection speed. I also feel that a supposed 4 star hotel should not be charging their customers for service. (I get free internet at Fairfield Inn, for God's sake)The location was great for shopping/dining/nightlife on St Catherine, and not too far from the old buildings of Old Montreal.Overall, I was quite pleased with the hotel, and would have no qualms about returning, although I would probably rate it closer to a 3.5 star rather than a 4 star.	
Dec 13 2007	No Hyatt	IM a frequent business traveler and have stayed in many Hyatt's, as I am a Hyatt passport member. Past year or so I began to have bad experiences with the hotels my company booked me in, so I started to use Tripadvisor to nevigate hotes in cities/towns I was going to be in to book a room. The Hyatt in Montreal was depressing. The location is good, the staff is rude and snobby. Rooms are OK, but for $200+ it should be good or great. I was disappointed, this hotel is not a real Hyatt and it damaging to the Hyatt Brand. I expect high standards from Hyatt, that why I shove out the big bucks. I will not be staying here again.	
Nov 29 2007 	mixed review	room was nice and clean. housekeeping was exceptional. I had a problem with lack of concierge. Advise was more of a joke to the staff, and infomration was not reliable, and bordered on the front desk doing a practical joke. I would prefer to stay somewhere else. Some staff showed extreme professionalism, but the experiences by the rest overshadowed any positive aspects the hotel offered. Great location. In short the front desk leaned on the juvenile side. McDoanls employees showed more professionlism, and this hotel is not up to Hyatt standards outside the tangible room.	
Nov 21 2007 	Pleasant Stay	This is a nice hotel. Very convenient to the Convention Centre (Palais De Congres) and the shopping on Rue St. Catherine. The hotel itself is actually part of the Des Jardins shopping complex, which houses a very nice supermarket with lots of prepared foods and a food court, both at basement level. Rooms are large and nicely decorated in browns and beiges. The toiletries provided are very nice, though I found the bathroom to be somewhat dark. The breakfast buffet is extensive and tasty, but costs an extra c.Can$25.Wireless Internet access is available for a c.Can$10 per day fee. The hotel will happily hold your luggage after you have checked out for no extra cost. And it's possible to sit in the generally quiet lobby/bar area after check out while waiting for a late flight without any hassle.	
Nov 13 2007	Great Hotel	My husband and I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Montreal to celebrate our anniversary. This is our 2nd stay at the hotel (we also stayed last year for our anniversary). This is a wonderful hotel. The rooms are luxurious, spacious, and well-kept. The breakfast buffet is terrific, and the service was top-notch too. We would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 5 2007 	Smooth	I have booked this hotel through Priceline.com for a laughable 76 CAD incl. The hotel was impeccably clean, very professional service at both reception and concierge desks. The hotel has a not too large swimming pool which we didn't try but the pool area is perfect for relaxation to read a book or listen to music. Its like summer all year around given its sunny outside. The room was super clean, marble sink, very comfortable pillows and mattress. Channels on tv are mediocre, coffeemaker very small unfortunately (1 cup at a time) The fact that the hotel is connected to the mall gives you the choice of dozens of places to eat practically in your hotel down in the food court at very reasonable prices. If you can get this hotel for a price like ours go for it!! Location is just perfect for shopping.	
Oct 27 2007	Tried to overcharge average rooms	While the hotel lobby and location is nice, the room was very plain and average. Definitely not a four star hotel in room quality. The towels were thin and I had to ask for more. I discovered they charged an extra $30 in incidental fees, for room service just for bringing more towels.Worst of all, the hotel tried to overcharge us. We reserved a room for $110 and I was shocked to see my credit card statement show the bill ended up $390. The hotel staff said it was for a cleaning fee for smoking in a non-smoking room, but we have NEVER smoked in our entire lives so this was nothing more than a rip-off attempt. The hotel said they would reverse the charge. If you stay here be sure to get an itemized receipt and look over it carefully.	
Oct 21 2007 	Average for a Hyatt	We chose this location because it was in walking distance of Palais de Congress Convention Center. Also we were close to shopping and food so that was very convenient. First the things that I didn't like were the VERY thin towels that I would expect from a economy motel and not a Hyatt. Also the bathrooms very small and allowed for just one person to get ready at a time. The TV was just an average 27&quot; tube TV, at this price range I would typically expect a newer LCD...especially for a newly renovated property. Breakfast was very pricey so I never bothered to go into the restaurant.The good things of the property are again location, staff was very nice and helpful. I booked the room through AMEX travel, but it showed up in their system as a Travelocity reservation so I would not be eligible for Hyatt points but the person checking me in offered us free internet access for 2 laptops as compensation so that was good.Overall it was an average stay for a Hyatt, but I really wish they would upgrade their towels. I would even use their towels for rags at home.	
Oct 11 2007 	A fabulous Montreal experience	A very high-class hotel right in Montreal's Place de Arts district. It sits atop a large underground mall, which is part of Montreal's underground walkway and commercial center. The staff were nice and the room was magnificent. Definitely one of the most comfortable beds I've slept in. Elevators were slow and difficult to catch, as was the concierge due to the long line. But when I finally got to him, he was more than willing to explain the French city to me.	
Oct 8 2007 	Good Service Great Pool	We just returned from our trip to Montreal. Montreal is an incredible city and we enjoyed our stay at the Hyatt. We received excellent service from Audrey at the front desk and also a bellman who went out of his way to assist us. The pool at this hotel is a beautiful set up and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves at the Hyatt and in Montreal.	
Sep 27 2007 	hyatt hyatt	yes, the hallways are dark. yes, the rooms are even darker, not to mention a little florescent. the towels are thin, the rooms are cold. it's expensive. now that we've gotten that all out of the way... the whole hotel has been recently renovated so it feels modern and tidy. the sauna and steam room are gorgeous - extremely clean and relaxing -- spa like. the pool, despite being filled with children, is pleasant as is the the (slightly unkempt) outside deck/terrace that wraps around the whole place. buffet breakfast was delicious and the restaurant is attractive. staff was friendly and let us check out at 2pm though the housekeeper did not seem too happy about that. the location is not thrilling, but ultimately extremely convenient. it's not a design hotel, it's not a luxury hotel, but it's a very good, relatively stylish, comfortable hotel.	
Sep 24 2007 	Convenient Location but just OK	I booked my room one day before check-in at priceline. I think they gave us the smallest room in the hotel, triangle-shaped with one queen bed. The towels were terrible - thin, rough, the kind you would expect at a motel. Also, I tried calling both the concierge and front desk, and the phone would just ring and ring. We ran out of toilet paper one day into our stay (we stayed a weekend), although housekeeping did pick up the phone and bring some up almost immediately. However, the location can't be beat. It's right above the Complex Desjardins, with tons of shops, near museums and restaurants, public transportation very accessible. I would say this is probably better suited to a business traveler than a vacationer. This was fine for a quick getaway, but if I had booked the room at the regular price I would have been disappointed.	
Sep 24 2007 	Exquisitively comfortable beds	Very friendly and helpful staff. At the reception area the lady simply made the comment that my bill was prepaid through Priceline. She took a print on my credit card and left it to it.The staff was very polite, the bed exquisitively comfortable. The room was clean and the carpet extremely thick and agreable to walk on barefoot :-)Unfortunately something came up around 2 o'clock in the morning. The fire speaker went off but the sound was very faint. Enough to wake you up and make you wonder whence the noise was coming from... I eventually called up the reception; they told me they were aware of the problem and offered some ear plugs. I refused and requested some tape to seal the speaker off. Which they refused. However they agreed for me to watch any movie I would like free of charge, and offered me a free night for my next trip in any Hyatt Regency hotel.The noise stopped at around 4:00am.Needless to say, beside the fact that the room was indeed very comfortable and the bedding wonderful, my night was far from perfect. However they were very correct with me.Yes, something else... I thought I would be able to sleep late in the morning since checkout is at 12 o'clock, but at 9:30 somebody from Security knocked at the door until he got me out of bed because he was told to open the bedroom safety box... A mistake... which spoiled my morning fun...Checkout was smooth. As promised no additional charges were made to my card and i now have another free night at a Hyatt :-)All in all a dreadful night... Due to bad luck only... The hotel is great (the swimming pool is a bit small and there are no jacuzzis... none that I could see anyway), the staff very nice. I am more than willing to give it another try.	
Sep 9 2007	Noisy and dark	We also stayed at the Hyatt Montreal during the film festival and experienced the same things as the previous reviewer. Some things - such as how busy it was - were surely attributed to the festival but others are just general issues with the hotel itself.The location can't be beat - it's right in the center of town but other than that there is nothing remarkable about the hotel. Reception is reached via elevator which is somewhat annoying since once you get to reception you have to take a different set of elevators to get to your own floor. Maybe it was me but the elevators seemed like they took FOREVER and there are 4 of them ?! The hotel was recently refurbished but it's so dimly lit that the whole place seems outdated already. Rooms are the same way - barely lit even with everything turned on. Bathrooms are small. Also, watch out for parties going on outside (in the ballroom). Our room faced outside and all we heard was thumping bass at 11pm - not what you want to hear after a long flight. We subsequently changed rooms but I would think this would be a problem every week if the ballroom was rented out. I was very close to switching to the Queen Elizabeth after our first night but our great rate ($125 CAN) kept me there. I personally wouldn't stay here again.	
Sep 2 2007 	Very busy hotel	We satyed here for 2 nights during the Montreal Film festival (we didn't know the festival was on until we arrived) as part of a 3 week trip around Eastern Canada.The hotel is in a great location, close to great shops, sites, restaurants etc. But my oh my it is so busy. You access the hotel reception via a lift (two only available for this) and we had to wait ages every time for the lift to arrive.We needed reception 3 times during our stay, check-in, picking up a letter and cheking out and each time we had to wait for between 10 and 20 minutes! To be fair to the reception staff they were lovely to every guest and gave everyone time and did not rush anyone - they were so patient. There was only one exception to this and this was a more mature gentleman on reception when I was checking out and he left me feeling as though I was beneath him - his attitude was dismissive.The main lifts to the bedroom were also busy and you had to wait ages for one to come. Our room was lovely - clean, spacious and comfortable so no compliants on that front at all.We used both the pool and the gym and both were lovely with a very pleasant area to sit out on a sunny day.Breakfast was a buffet and was a very good standard.Overall a good experience but being so constantly busy was somewhat frustrating. Perhaps the film fesitval had something to do with it this??	
Aug 31 2007 	Very comfortable and modern	The Hyatt was very modern, large and clean. The hotel is right downtown and close to downtown shopping (underground malls - is situated right over a mall) and old Montreal. The Hyatt was priced accordingly with hotels in the area but we got a really great deal through their 4th night free promotion. One thing to watch out for is parking. They have valet for $25/day where you can remove your car as well as self-park for $19/day where you have to repay if you want to move your car. We found out from a Tourist Info Centre that there was cheaper parking in the area, and as there was no reason to move our car, we should have at least self-parked. The room was kept very clean by housekeeping. Staff was all friendly and helpful. They did not have free high-speed Internet as most rooms do. Another issue was evening noise on Saturday and Sunday night. We were on the 6th floor and could hear evening parties going on but they usually ended fairly early. Overall, a great hotel!	
Aug 30 2007 	very central	We have just returned after our first trip to canada which started in Montreal.This was the first hotel we stopped at.The hotel was very central with easy access to the highways once you had figured out what streets where one way!!St Catherine street was an eye- opener, the amount of male strip bars where a little over the top!! Also the amount of people begging for money made you feel a little weiry...The harbour was within walking distance and once you find it you will spend most evenings there eating it's far better.The Keg is an exellent eating place down by the harbour.	
Aug 21 2007 	3 1/2 stars!	We stayed here for two nights in August 2007. The staff is bilingual, and the concierage was extremely helpful in giving us directions and arranging a tour. The hotel has recently been refurbished with newer bedding and carpeting, but the bathrooms are small!!! The bathtubs were not replaced and were stained. Excellent location and reasonable rates, nice bar, breakfast buffet was just OK.	
Aug 12 2007 	Excellent location 	Stayed for just two nighs at the Hyatt Regency in Montreal but loved every moment of it. The check-in staff made us feel really welcome and valued guests, even spending time with us to show how to make the most of the 2 days we had in the city for sight seeing and recommending places to eat and things to see and do. Our room was very clean, well appointed and comfortable. Would recommend using the hotels valet parking @ $25 dollars a day its good value and far more convenient. The swiming pool is a good size and when you've had enough swimming you can sit out on the roof (weather permitting). Overall a very enjoyable stay and will deffinately use again should we return to Montreal.	
Aug 10 2007 	Wow! Nice Hotel!	This was a getaway vacation for one night - we were pleasantly surprised! We booked the room through Hotwire and saved about 40$ over the hotel discounted AAA rate. The check in was extremely pleasant, as was the room we got on the business floor - VERY comfortable beds, clean,neat and quiet.The pool area is great - not a huge pool but generously sized. They have life jackets, floating toys, and other things for kids.There is a Dry and wet steam, as well as a 1st class exercise room - the treadmills and ellipticals are top of the line with your own personal tv on it.Can't say anything about the restaurants - we didn't eat there - but the lounge near the lobby looked quite tempting for a nightcap.All in all we were a little nervous from some of the comments on tripadvisor, but don't listen to them - this is definitely a 4 star hotel.The only downside was the $19.00 to park your car in the hotel (which is attached to Centre Desjardins, a indoor mall/office building) I would say this hotel is perfect for a couple or a family - and the location is a 5 minute walk to the action of downtown.Thanks!	
Aug 1 2007 	Not one of the Better Hyatt's	Didn't really like this Hyatt too much. Since I was there for a convention, I had the opportunity to check out a few rooms. Although we had non-smoking rooms, every room smelled like people had been smoking in them.Also, the hallways were very dark. It gave it a dingy appearance.The rooms were nothing special.When I got to the hotel, it was a bit confusing to figure out where to check in. I asked for a room away from the elevator on the high floor. They gave me the 9th floor, one of the lower ones.On a positive note, The service was good and so was the location, although in Montreal, I think most hotels have a good location. The lobby was comfortable and there's a great food court on the lower floors of the building.	
Jul 9 2007 	Not the flagship Hyatt	The hotel staff is very friendly and welcoming. However, they don't always get everything right the first time. We requested two beds on our website reservation and were initially given a one bed room. After we checked out we noticed an error on our bill and had to go back and get it fixed. Then when we checked our credit card online we saw &quot;pending&quot; charges for both the uncorrected and corrected bill; eventually this self-corrected; perhaps, this was a credit card quirk. Our complicated alarm clock CD player had been left for us with the alarm set to go off at 7:45 am--which it did. (It took me several minutes to figure out how to turn the alarm off; I doubt they train their maids to check and turn-off alarms and there is nothing intuitively obvious about how to turn off the alarm.) At check in it was suggested that we might want to upgrade to the club floor and were told that even though the bar in the club lounge was an honor bar where we were supposed to sign for our drinks (to be charged to our room) no one checked to see if we really signed for our drinks.  The hotel occupies the lower 12 floors of a much higher building. Our first night was a high school prom night with a loud band on floor 6. On our floor 12 you could hear the band softly until about 12:30am. A quirk is that it takes 2 elevators to get to the street.  A plus is that there is a metro stop a block away and it can be reached w/o going outside if the weather is bad. (The hotel is part of a mall complex that extends underground.) This was our second stay at the hotel and we would consider staying there again, but only for a &quot;good deal.&quot; There is nothing special about this hotel that would make me want to pay a premium to stay there. However, despite this griping, it provided a comfortable secure pleasant friendly environment.  As a pleasure traveler I would prefer on a future visit to stay in the old city. I found it lovely to walk in, a source of great restaurants, and unlike Quebec's old city, not too tourist trappy.	
Jun 11 2007 	Great Hotel With a Marvelous Concierge	We recently stayed at the Hyatt for 6 nights and had a wonderful first visit to Montreal. The location is great for almost anything. Beds were extremely comfortable and the housekeeping was spot on.Had a bit of a hitch with the internet and was never able to resolve it although we tried and they tried, too. The pool and exercise areas were top notch. All employees were super but the concierge was the best. He got us reservations to a great French restaurant and helped book a tour by phone when we were too late to do it online.We travel extensively and would give this hotel our highest recommendation. Very good value!	
May 26 2007 	Regret this choice	I travel to Montreal several times a year and thought I would try a different hotel to get a feel of a different part of the city. This hotel was the choice and unfortunately I regret making it. I will start off with the positives.....the reception staff very nice and friendly when checking in.....room had a lovely view as requested of Place Des Art. The beds were alright.The negatives.....dont know where the housekeeping staff are......was out shopping all morning and came back around 230pm and room still wasnt made up. If you wish to surf the internet using the hotels high speed make sure it is stated in your room rate otherwise you will be paying 12.95 per day. I have reviewed the website and nowhere (or atleast I cant find it) does it state that there is a charge for this service. They do list the prices for Valet Parking but the don't tell you about the internet charges. Oh but you will find out once you get into your room. We also had breakfast in the Cafe Fleury and lets just say I am glad I didnt have to pay for that as it was part of the rate.If you stay on any floor higher than the 5th floor be ready to have a long walk to find a vending machine to get a drink as the vending machines are only on floors 1 thru 5, ice however is on every floor....although not much good if you dont have a drink to mix with the iceNext time I travel to Montreal I will return to the hotel that I normally frequent.	
Apr 24 2007 	Great Accomodations	My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Montreal from 4/20-4/23/07. We enjoyed the nice comfortable bed, cleanliness of the room and friendly staff. We found the concierge and front desk staff very helpful with directions and other assistance.The location is within close proximity of many of Montreal's attractions.The only downside was the parking which was $25 / day. We did not use this parking; instead we parked in the adjacent mall parking for $8 for 17 hours (you must pay again if you leave the lot, but with the Hyatt parking, you can come and go as you please, but at the higher rate) for one day, and parked across the street on the other days (this only works if you are gone during the day during a weekend stay since metered parking is $3/hr).	
Apr 13 2007 	Location!	We booked our three night stay at the Hyatt Regency Montreal through hotwire.com ($70 per night), and found it to be more than suitable for our needs. The weather was bitterly cold during our mid-April stay, but the &quot;underground city&quot; connects to the Hyatt was a welcome surprise, as we could find shelter from the elements, visit the petting zoo and grab some inexpensive food. The room was exactly what we were promised and there was no issue whatsoever at check-in. We chose the self-park option ($8-19/day), as opposed to the valet option ($25/day) for our car, and we only took it out of the heated (!) parking lot once to see the Biodome outside of the city. The room was spacious, and catered to all of our needs (normally budget travelers). The bathroom was updated with new tile, mirrors, recessed sink and magnification mirror, along with updated fixtures and lights. Everything was very clean. The room was also updated, with trendy bedding and furniture, which complimented the bathroom (or vice-versa). The bedding and pillows were very comfortable.The Hyatt is located on the corner of Rue de St. Catherine, a prime spot for shopping for anything your heart desires and anything your stomach craves. It is also only blocks from Chinatown and the beautiful architecture, museums, shops, and food of the Old Port. This location was optimal for first-time visitors.	
Apr 10 2007 	#1 Hotel in Montreal	We stayed at the Hyatt for three nights. Staying at the Hyatt was a win, win. It was very cold April 3-7, but underneath the hotel is a mall with shops and restaurants. Our room was very comfortable with nine pillows on a king size bed, and the bed was very comfortable. Very clean room, asked for a room on a high floor and we stayed on the 9th floor great view. This was a bargain booking through priceline. The hotellis in a great location you can walk to everything. Read every review and was nervous to stay, but this place is a winner. The indoor pool is quite clean with great views and the exercise room is first class. Its staying at a W without the price	
Apr 7 2007 	Nothing special but fine	We did the sweet deal (2nd night half off, both nights include free breakfast buffet). The hotel itself is nice, the room spacious and we had a great view facing the front of the hotel. The bathroom is dark, but enough light at the mirror, just showering it is very dark. The bed, large and extremely comfortable. The gym was more than sufficient and 24 hours. The pool somewhat small, but nice. Overall the staff very friendly. Breakfast buffet nice, not a great selection, but food was good and there is an omlete station.The main reason we got this hotel was for the location. Location was fine, it is a little walk to either subway stops via the underground. But chinatown and eaton center well within walking distance. Parking: $19 canadian under the hotel. I found $13 a night two blocks south near chinatown. So it pays to look around a bit. Overall, hotel was fine. I was happy with it and really no complaints. There was nothing that amazed me at all. If you are looking for a place with a nice location and basic things, this hotel is fine, especially if you can get a good deal on hotwire or something.	
Mar 30 2007 	Nothing too exciting but served its purpose	My husband and I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Hyatt. We booked our room through Hotwire at $72/night, so at that price, we can't complain, but I would never pay full price to stay at this hotel.We ended up self-parking at the Complex Jardins for $19CAD/day (the Hyatt valets in the same lot for $25CAD a day but you get in and out privileges if you decide to go that route.) Check-in was a breeze, but it's true you have to take one set of elevators to get to the lobby and another set to the room floors. They granted our request of one king bed but only put us on the 3rd of 12 floors when we had asked to be on a high floor.other info: the fitness center that's open 24 hours is small but has all new machines-weight and cardio-related stuff, and was never crowded when we went. The bathroom was darker, but I thought there was sufficient light at the mirror. One day we left our room at 10am, returned at 1:30 PM and our room still was not made up yet.Overall, we appreciated the hotel for its price and superb location, but I wouldn't suggest anyone pay full price to stay at this hotel.As far as some restaurants in Montreal, I highly recommend: Au Pied de Cochon and Bonaparte for dinner, Schwartz's for smoked meat sandwiches, and Olive and Gourmando for pastries.	
Mar 19 2007 	Great Value for Money	I have been to Montreal numerous times, and love to try new Hotels as often as possible. This trip was with the boys to see a hockey game, and I booked on Priceline (for $52.60 taxes in US a night) We got two rooms for 2 nights for what any normal 4 star hotel would have been for 1 night. After finding out it was the Hyatt, and reading the mixed reviews, I was a little nervous. (I have stayed at Loews, Omni, Intercontinental, and Sheraton in Montreal, all very nice with Loews being absolutely sensational) Now having said that, I would not classify this as a 4 star, it isn't quite as nice as any of the previous mentioned properties in Montreal, it is more of a 3 to 3.5 star (which it was rated on Priceline) Maybe that is what all the mixed reviews are about. Here is my breakdown of the propertyPros:How can you go wrong at the rate offered on PricelineGreat location, 7 min walk (underground) to Metro, IGA, food court, Baton Rouge Restaurant, and numerous stores right underneath in Complex Desjardins.Every member on the staff I encountered was very helpful, and spoke excellent EnglishNice Beds, and no charge fridge and safe in room which was really helpfulNice pool area/gymCons:Tiny bathrooms, not sure how everyone is complaining about the lighting, the light by the mirror was bright, and the bathroom was too small not to be able to see everythingYou have to take a could of elevators to check in/get to your room/get down to the underground city (a minor issue, and one of the elevators sounded like it was on the fritz)Another minor issue, but toiletries were not replaced each day.I heard from other people I talked to that booked on Hotwire (as a 4 star for about $75 US a night) So if you are going on a weekend I would seriously try using Priceline (remember on Priceline it is a 3.5 star) check Hotwire first and then make your bid about 25% less. If you can get this hotel for under $75 a night, I promise you won't be disappointed, but if you are paying $150 + a night (much more in summer of course) you may end up wondering if it was worth it.	
Mar 13 2007 	Surprisingly Disappointing for a Hyatt	I've stayed at this hotel a year ago for a trade show and was very please with the service and the room. So I booked my team to stay here again but I was very disappointed during our recent stay.My room was dark. Even with all the lights turned on it made getting dressed and applying makeup very difficult. When taking a shower, it seemed like the bathroom was lit by a single candle.After 15 minutes on the telephone with their high-speed wireless internet access provider, I finally got my laptop connected. I paid for 3 days but lost connection on the second day and could not be bothered to go through the long process of calling again. After a long day , a few of us were looking forward to a swim in the pool before dinner but was told that the pool closed at 5pm.The bed was comfortable. The room was clean. Soundproofing was okay. Such a convenience to walk through the underground mall to the Palais Des Congres. Especially when it was -23C outside.The customer service was inconsistent. I did not see a smile on any of the employees when I checked in, sat in the lounge area for a drink or when checking out. I moved to another hotel for my final night in Montreal.	
Mar 13 2007 	Pool closed all morning???	I booked for the gorgeous indoor pool just to find out when I got there that the pool only opened at 1 pm on weekdays. My 4 year old daughter was terribly disappointed and I was outraged considering the price I paid to guarantee a fun time at the pool ($190/night) for the March Break.	
Mar 13 2007 	We had a pleasant stay	The Pros:I booked a long weekend getaway for my boyfriend's birthday a couple months in advance. Having read the recent reviews, it made me a little nervous that we were booked at the Hyatt. However, our stay turned out to be very enjoyable. We stayed in a room with a king bed. The bed was very comfortable and I loved the moutain of pillows they provided (nine of them!) The staff was consistently helpful, friendly and courteous the 3 days we were there. There was a coffeemaker with complimentary coffee and teas in the room. Mugs and glasses were provided. We ordered an in-room movie and there was a little technical difficulty that was quickly attended to and they didn't charge us for the movie. We had drinks and desserts at the lobby bar and the staff was professional and the prices were reasonable. They make a mean cosmo! We also had the buffet breakfast, which was included in the price of our room. It was a little smaller than other hotel breakfast buffets I've been to but it had all the basics, including an egg/omelette station. The cafe where the buffet was served was very nice, lots of windows overlooking a rooftop terrace, which I believe would be gorgeous in the summer. We used their pool and gym, which were very good. The pool is quite large - none of those lap pools you see in the newer hotels. There were many attendants around to give you towels and supervise the area. The deck area around the pool is elevated with many comfortable lounge chairs. The pool was essentially in a solarium so it was warm, bright and perfect for relaxing with a good book (which I did). The gym equipment is new and there's a 42-inch plasma TV in there so you're entertained (boyfriend was happy about this). The concierge was excellent and very professional. He got us the restaurant reservations we wanted, the movie showtimes for the closest theatre, pointed us to the best bagels in town. Location, location, location. We were smack in the middle of downtown Montreal. Everything was a 10 min walk or a 5 min drive (b/c of all the one-way streets, you need to make many detours). The hotel was directly connected to the subway and a pretty shopping mall by elevator. There are of restaurants, banks, grocery stores, shops, etc. in close vicinity of the hotel. The parking lot was one of the cleanest, most well-designed lots we've seen. We loved how accessible everything was from our hotel.The Cons:Just a few minor hiccups that can be improved on, and I'm really nitpicking here. The water temperature of the shower was sometimes unstable - we found this was especially so during the peak shower times (morning and night). It was fine in the afternoon. We asked for a humidifier, which was brought to our room after 2 repeated requests. As mentioned above, the breakfast buffet was on the small side and some of the food wasn't as warm as we'd like. The TV in the room was a decent size but an older model. We were told by the technician that they soon plan to replace the entire system with a new one though. As for the dark bathrooms, I really don't know what people are talking about. While the lights were not extremely bright, there was plenty of light in the bathroom. I was able to do my makeup there and see everything clearly. I guess when you close the shower curtain, there's less light because there's no lighting on top of the shower, but you can definitely still see. The shower curtain, however, caused some leaking problems if you don't pull it close all the way. We had a few puddles on the ground after our first shower. Overall:I have to say I'd stay there again, especially with the great rate we got. (2nd night was half price and free breakfast each morning) It's a great hotel if you want to actually enjoy the hotel facilities. We noticed that many families stayed there (probably for March Break) but the nice thing was, you can request for a quiet room like we did and there was not a peep from screaming children, or anything at all really. We rented a car but it's really not necessary if you're staying at the Hyatt. It's so central and the hotel is in good condition (recent renovations). I would definitely recommend this hotel in terms of bang for buck.	
Mar 12 2007 	Pleasantly surprised!	I always check out reviews before I book a hotel here and based on the mixed reviews for this hotel, I was pleasantly surprised. I am a pretty tough person to please and this honestly wasn't bad. We booked for about $120 US a night on the Montreal tourism site and received some nice gifts including casino coupons and free breakfast!Pros: Location, especially in winter was great- direct access to metro and underground shopping. Ask for a view of Mont Royal- gorgeous. About 10 min. walk to Old Montreal, St. Catherine shopping, and many sites. Only $8CN to self park.Decor was really modern (think W without the price) The bar and restaurant was totally cool. Try to get free breakfast- made to order omlettes by a cook/chef, super fresh fruit, oatmeal, pancakes and delicious pasteries, etc.Everyone spoke perfect English which is nice. Staff was very friendly and helpful.Cons: Bathroom was definitely dark, bed was not as comfortable as advertised but there are down blankets and lots of pillows. There is a refrigerator, coffee, and mugs (someone apparently couldn't find them next to the coffeepot in another review.) The pool looked nice but skip the &quot;spa&quot;. Massages and facials were inexpensive but you had to check in with the pool boy- just skip it.Overall, I would like to try a different hotel next time (just to see what other ones in the area are like (Marriott looked nice and was closer to Old Montreal) but was pleasantly surprised for the price. If you find something much less expensive, try it. But don't hesitate to book this hotel if the price is right.	
Mar 8 2007	Hyatt??? more like Motel 6	Definatley not worth the money!!!!Their &quot;queen beds&quot; are more like a double.No minibarCoffee maker with no amenities! and if you want a glass or mug or coffee they charge a room service fee for brining it up!Bathrooms are so dark you need a flash light.Shower curtain smells like mold and tobbaccoSome staff were helpfull, while others make you wait an hour before helping you (even when their not doing anything).	
Mar 2 2007 	False advertising	My husband and I had never been to Montreal, so we were looking for something special. Unfortunately, I was quite disappointed. This is a Hyatt Regency? On the hotel website it described our room, which was a King with a View, as &quot;...newly renovated room including one king-size Grand Bed featuring ultra-plush pillows, the softest of sheeting and thick down blankets–all piled atop an irresistible pillow-top mattress. &quot; That is completely FALSE! The view was magnificent, but the bed might as well have been a motel 6 bed. Yes, there were a million pillows, but the sheets were not soft, there was no down blanket, and I can't be positive, but it didn't seem like a pillow top mattress to me. The bed was a huge let-down. Also, there was no mini-bar, which I thought was unusual. And bring your own lighting if you expect to put on makeup ladies. Seriously, it was like a cave in the bathroom. Temp, location, and sound proofing were good, and the staff was excellent, but all in all, it was a let down.	
Feb 19 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	We stayed one night on a quick trip from New Hampshire. We chose the hotel because of its indoor pool (we have 3 children - ages 8, 6, 5) and the direct connection to the underground and Metro.Things we liked:Concierge/front desk: all were very helpful and friendly, happy to speak English and offer suggestions for breakfast, dinner, directions, etc.Convenenience: easy to get to Metro and shops; we walked to the Hard Rock Cafe for dinner, to Chez Cora for breakfast; underground parking was easy to find, inexpensive ($8 CA).Pool: the pool was GREAT for kids and families (not a lap pool); lots of noodles, kick boards, toys, and even swim vests; the attendant/lifeguard was attentive with towels and the heat lamps made it feel warm and sunny inside while it was a blizzard outside.Rooms: we had 2 adjoining rooms which were spacious, updated, clean; beds were firm with new linens; view of the city was great (8th floor), in room safe, extra pillow and blanket, nice toiletries in bathroom.Things to improve:Lighting: prior reviews are right on - the rooms, especially the bathrooms, are dark.No minibar: There was no minibar or even bottled water. Also, only floors 1-5 have vending machines.Noise: between rooms was well sound-proofed, but hallway noise travelled easily and loudly thru the doors.All in all, we were pleasantly surprised by the hotel. It is very much a business hotel, but we found it a perfect winter escape with kids who are impressed by hotel pools, elevators, and riding the subway.	
Feb 12 2007 	Just cause it's a Hyatt doesn't mean it's any good.	The rooms are dingy.The washrooms are small with tiny tubs and old rusting fixtures.The showers are small and dark - you have to leave the curtain open to see what you're doing.The wallpaper is peeling.The staff are rude.The room was freezing.When we arrived there were drunk teenagers hanging out in the foyer. We were woken by drunk people in the hall at 4am. (probably the teenagers)There's no minibar service. Not even unrefrigerated bottles of water to purchase.After our late flight we tried to order room service. We were informed that the kitchen was closed for holiday hours (i'm not sure which holiday falls in the middle of february). We called the bar/restaraunt to see if it was open - the voice on the other end said &quot;closed&quot; and hung up on us.When we asked where we could find something to eat we were told &quot;nowhere - everything in the area is closed&quot; We walked half a block in one direction and found a restaurant. A takeout menu would've been fine too - the staff was not helpful in the least. The photos on the Hyatt website must have been taken the minute the rooms were renovated. They certainly aren't an accurate representation of the hotel.and worst of all, for this substandard experience, it wasn't cheap.	
Jan 28 2007 	Amazing!	Amazing hotel! We had a very, very large room with king bed and a hundred pillows! Nice bathroom, good service, excellent location, parking and mero station accessible via the hotel lift. Best hotel we stayed in Montreal!	
Jan 15 2007 	Very Nice	Beautiful hotel, service, lovely rooms, overall great place and plenty of stores and eateries right downstairs.	
Dec 30 2006 	Perfect Location - Nice hotel	Couldn't ask for a better stay. Large comfortable bed. Clean room with hot shower. Consierge made reservations for us at a bistro which was family friendly (with a 6 month old) and was perfect for what we wanted. Movie selection is outstanding. Location is perfect - at start of St Catherine, St Laurent, and close to OId Town. Booked on Priceline and got a great price.	
Dec 20 2006 	Nice Hotel in a Great City	Pros: Clean and attractive hotel; nice rooms; great location on Saint Catherine Street; undergound access to Metro, theatre district, and food court; easy access via bus to Dorval Airport; security box, great deal with PricelineCons: Walking east of the hotel along Saint Catherine Street is shady at night.	
Dec 18 2006 	Handy for the city	Spent one night here in Dec-06 as a prelude to a 6 night skiing holiday in Tremblant.Hotel is easy to find and located very centrally as part of the Complex Desjardins. Unfortunately our stay coincided with the Canadian Liberal Party conference which meant the hotel was lively (good) but also very busy (less good).Check in was ok but we had to take a double bed instead of 2 singles - luckily I was travelling with my brother but this could have been an issue on a business trip. We had to ring up before our bags arrived in our room but I am willing to put this down to the busy-ness of the hotel that night.Room was good - roomy and comfortable but minibar was empty. Didn't have diiner at the hotel but the bar was totally over-run by the conference - it was also expensive, closed early (11:30 I think) and ran out of beer - not very good.Breakfast the next day was brilliant though - wide selection, very fresh and lots of cook to orders available - waiting staff were superb. Check out was painless.	
Nov 7 2006 	2 day stay at hyatt	We stayed at the Hyatt for 2 nights. We arrived very early from our flight and they were able to check us in early. However, the room they put us in hadn't been cleaned yet. They were very accomodating and immediatley moved us to a clean room. The room was comfortable with a king size bed and a workstation desk. The bed was comfortable too.The hotel is very centraly located for seeing the tourist sights. It is also has a mall downstairs with access to the metro underground. We had breakfast and lunch at Cafe Republic which is only a block from the hotel. It was great food and good service. We also ate at the food court in the mall and picked up some snacks at the IGA downstairs.The underground city is really nice, especially if it is poor weather. We used it alot since the weather was very rainy when we were there. The hotel conceirge is helpful, although she reccomended a restaraunt that was closed, we wandered around for quite a while to find it and then discovered it was closed. The lobby is very modern and updated. The rooms have been updated it is pretty clear they were partially renovated. We got really great room rates on priceline.com so we were pretty happy with the stay. However if I had paid full price I would have been disappointed.	
Oct 23 2006 	Good location trumped by poor business services	I stayed at this hotel for a week during a convention held at the Montreal Convention Center (Palais de Congres).First, the positives. The hotel was clean and the staff was helpful and friendly. It is located on top of a shopping mall and there is a food court directly beneath the hotel, so you can get eats at all prices. I had the hotel breakfast once (tasty by expensive) and then opted for the myriad of choices in the mall for the rest of my trip. The hotel is only a few blocks away from the convention center, which was key for me. If you weren't particular about this point, the idealness of the venue drops a lot.The negatives...as mentioned in other reviews, the bathrooms have HORRIBLE lighting. It is dark and completely insufficient. I'm not sure if it's meant to be romantic or what, but for a business traveller who needs to look her best, it's quite unacceptable. And while we are on the subject of business travellers, not only was the internet access expensive, it didn't actually work. I followed the instructions given to me by the front desk and the instructions listed in the room and each time I tried to log in and pay, I was given an error message and asked to call some central 800 tech support number. There were a lot of other convention-goers I spoke to who had the same complaint. Really, for a hotel who is playing host to major business events, this is really shoddy.I actually was so frustrated by my experience that I left feedback on the &quot;comment card&quot; they leave in your room. I did receive a nice email a few months later addressing my concerns to some extent. Apparently, they will be renovating the bathrooms.Negativity aside, Montreal is an amazing city. I was lucky enough to have a good friend who is a native and we spent every night seeing a different side of the place, going to a different restaurant, etc. I think if I were to return and especially if I was paying the bill (not the company), I'd choose a different hotel than the Hyatt.	
Oct 8 2006 	Great Hotel and great location!	Montreal: Hyatt RegencyDate: October 8, 2006Reviewer: A Hyatt Vacation Club MemberJust returned from a 3-day stay. This the first time we have stayed at a Hyatt hotel. The Regency is a business class hotel in the middle of the business district. It is very close to shopping, theatres and museums as well. The staff was very professional, helpful and very friendly.The hotel is right above one of Montreal's underground shopping areas. It is only a 10 minute walk to the Montreal Metro and this can be reached underground as well. There is also a bus stop outside the hotel. There is an elevator in the hotel that goes from the foyer, to the shopping area/metro and to the parking garage. Since it is a business hotel, the breakfast buffet is 19.95 CAD/person and lunch buffet is around 25 CAD/person. There is a food court in the underground shopping area so we never used the dining room. We were able to save money on food by eating breakfast and sometimes lunch at the food court. There are a couple moderately priced restaurants outside the hotel as well. The hotel has a very nice lounge as well.We were on one of the top floors and had no problem with street noise. There were convention meetings/groups at the hotel, but never heard them. The rooms were spacious and the decor didn't bother us. I was surprised by the bathroom, didn't have enough counter space. There was a small refrigerator in the room, but no microwave oven. Parking at the adjoining public parking garage was 19 CAD/day. Valet parking at the hotel is 25 CAD.The hotel is very nice and modern. The view wasn't the best due to skyscrapers, but we were able to see the towers of the Notre-Dame Basilica located in the historic part of town. With the Metro so close, it is very convenient to all tourist sites. I with all the conveniences close by, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 26 2006 	OK But!	We recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Montreal and here is the feedback.The hotel is ok but I doubt if we would ever go back there, mainly because of the drab, depressing and horrendous decor. The corridors were a mixture of off grey and sludge brown. The rooms were the same awful colours but were at least modern - but the bathroom was hideous. A cramped room in the same dismal colours with one tiny, pathetic, dim lamp that barely lit the mirror!!! The rest of the bathroom was in the dark (and no, the lamps weren't broken...there was only one). Unfortunately our view was of a grafitti painted car park (can't blame the hotel for that, I suppose).Having been to Montreal, I know now that personally, I would have preferred to stay somewhere in the old quarter. A lot more going on, more restaurants, a more relaxed location.	
Sep 26 2006 	Noisy	The walls are paper-thin and you can hear everything...and I mean everything! Kids were screaming late at night and the cleaning staff was vacuuming at 8am. People were taking showers at 3:30am. There is no sound insulation or any sound-proofing whatsoever between the walls, floors, and doors. We heard the people walking above us. This is not a quiet hotel for a good nights sleep. The hotel does have an excellent location and does enforce it's non-smoking policy (in its non-smoking rooms) with a $200 fine (which is great). The sheets and towels have a strong bleach odor, and my wash cloth had holes in it. There were several dirty dishes left out in the hallway from people who had ordered room service. Also, housekeeping doesn't clean very well behind the toilet.We could hear the activity from Ste Catherine street on our high floor.Claud at the front desk was kind enough to secure our luggage at 9am for our 3pm check-in. He gave us 2 rooms on a high floor with a superb view of Place des Arts.The conceirge let us check our e-mail for free at the Regency Club for 5 minutes.The rooms are modern and updated; however, they felt sterile like a hospital room.The hotel prefers 24-hour notice to call the return shuttle bus (aero bus) to the airport.The staff was excellent; however, this is not the hotel if you like quiet.	
Sep 6 2006 	Great location and Service at Hyatt Montreal	Great location --walk to great restaurants/clubs of St Denis &amp; Plateau, downtown core, historical Old Montreal, McGill U. and is by Metro for anywhere else. Mall below convenient for &quot;breakfast&quot; and Budget rental too.Great service --baggage, concierge, reception extremely helpful in locating &quot;Bell Store&quot;-- he made over 5 calls for us.Nice room, with a view,even on &quot;second&quot; floor (really, the 6th ), comfy beds and great maid service too. Lovely pool -with a large glass roof--only complaint is minor -no hottub.Made for a truly wonderful and memorable &quot;Montreal experience&quot; . Loved it and will be back!	
Sep 5 2006 	Loved the Hyatt	We spent Labor Day weekend at the Hyatt with our 5 month old baby. The rooms are large and clean it is clear that the hotel has been renovated. The location is great and the staff was OK. We asked for a crib every night but received it only on the last night. We booked our room through Price Line and got an awesome deal which made our stay even better.	
Aug 30 2006 	Disappointment at the Hyatt	Just returned from a week at the Hyatt in Montreal. I was disappointed with the overall condition of the hotel compared to other Hyatt properties I have enjoyed. The hotel was very dark with low ceilings in the halls, dark coloured walls and poor lighting. The bathroom in our room was very poorly lit and you could not see yourself in the mirror to properly apply makeup. The grout around the tub was dirty.Each time you entered the hotel you had to take two elevators as the main foyer is located on the fourth floor of the hotel. This was very inconvenient as there were often large groups of people waiting for the elevator.We had specified in our reservation there would be three people in the room yet we repeatedly had to ask for the right amount of towels, coffee cups, glasses etc. After we checked out we realized we had left a cell phone charger in the room. The staff insisted there was nothing left in the room and were very unco-operative.Overall we expected more from a four star hotel.	
Aug 29 2006 	Nice but the bathroom really is dark	For US$ 117 (Hotwire), it was a good deal (especially for a Tuesday night) and is within walking distance to Old Montreal (where we may stay next time). The bathroom has only two small halogen ceiling lights (one each above the mirror and the toilet) so the shower is dark and it was difficult for me to shave and for my wife to put on makeup. Why can't they all make bathrooms like La Quinta, with lots of room and light?!? Overall we would recommend the Hyatt though, with its modern and nice furnishing. They give you a cube fridge to store your own stuff and a one-cup coffee maker. We did not have problems navigating the dual elevator system that probably keeps street people from wandering into the hotel. Parking is not cheap, at CN$19/night self-park and CN$26 valet but this is typical in nice downtown hotels. Check-in &amp; out was painless and the staff were pleasant. Buy your coffee outside, for the lobby bar charged me CN$4.70 for a medium-sized cup of &quot;Charbucks&quot; on my way out, ouch.Lastly, the nice concierge fellow sent us to Eggspectation, a Canadian chain, for a late breakfast in Old Montreal. We would have preferred being sent to one of the neat looking small bistros we saw later when walking around, but it was okay. It is like a classier combination of LePeep and Le Madeleine restaurants. Our entrees (eggs Benedict &amp; crepes) were good but their &quot;Bunn&quot; coffee was institutional tasting, bleh.PS: When I got a BK hamburger while waiting for our return flight at the Montreal airport, I could empathize with Bruce Willis' character, Jimmy 'The Tulip' Tudeski, who said that he would kill the next person who put mayo on his hamburger in Canada :-).	
Aug 14 2006 	Great Hyatt but wireless internet access a hassle for me	This is a typical well run Hyatt. Overall, my two night stay was very enjoyable.  I have an older wireless laptop using the &quot;b&quot; standard wireless card, the slowest and least advanced. (Even most of the cheapest laptops sold today have moved to the next wireless level, the &quot;g&quot; standard while the higher &quot;a&quot; standard may be found on premium laptops.) When I told the desk I was having problems connecting and staying connected to the net I was advised to call tech support. I was getting either lower signal strength or no signal strength. Tech support told me to go to the desk and borrow an adaptor kit. I did so and the kit came w/o instructions, so I plugged it in both as an antenna and a power supply. This didn't help. Curious as to whether my laptop had been damaged since I last used it, I asked the concierge if there were any free wireless cafes in town. He didn't think so. However, walking around I found a couple and found my older wireless laptop worked great in them w/o an adaptor. I returned to my room and discovered by accident that if I just plugged the adaptor into the laptop but not into a power source, the adaptor made my laptop work perfectly.  The hotel removed the internet access charge from bill for my trouble.  I have had wireless internet hassles in some hotels but not others; the class or price of the hotel does not seem to be a factor in hassles or no hassles.  Wired internet access is certainly a nice amenity, especially as hotels staffs seemed untrained in wireless access problems.	
Aug 10 2006	Great Location Wonderful Room	The Hyatt was a wonderful experience. It's location was perfect. We were able to walk everywhere (10 minutes to Vieux Montreal, 15 minutes to Rue Crescent). The hotel is also connected to the Underground City and the Metro is only a block away. We were able to book our room on Priceline for $75/night. The room was very clean and the bed was very soft and luxurious. The concierge was very helpful and was willing to provide maps of Montreal. The indoor pool is great and is connected to an outdoor sundeck. Everyone speaks both French and English very well. The Hyatt made our stay very enjoyable - you will not be disappointed.	
Jul 31 2006 	Great Location	Spent two days in Montreal in July with my wife and three kids (8,11,12). Hyatt is located just a couple of blocks from old Montreal and above an underground mall. You can take the elevator from the Hyatt lobby to the mall food court and shopping. Mall also had a supermarket and wine shop. Kids loved the indoor swimming pool. Bathroom was dark, but the room was very clean and well decorated. Staff was very helpful and friendly. We will return to the Hyatt.	
Jul 14 2006	Excellent Renovated 4-Star	The Hyatt Montreal has just recently been renovated and it shows. The room decor is very nice and definitely above average compared to other chain 4-star hotels in North America. The bathroom is of particular note with a deep Kohler sink, black marble counter, marble flooring and very large mirror. The room came with a large-ish 25&quot; Philips TV, 2 two-line telephones, wet-bar area (though no minibar), computer desk area and a very comfortable king-size bed. The decor was very modern with no fewer than 7 multiple-setting ultra modern light fixtures, contemporary bedspread including multiple cushions, brand-new carpeting, ergonomic desk chair and a door that let in not a single crack of light. The bathroom amenities provided were definitely above standard and of boutique grade with a pleasant lavender citrus scent as opposed to the cheap chemical-scented stuff that one usually gets. The in-room wireless high speed internet worked wonderfully though there was a $13/day charge.The public areas of the hotel are also above-average and reflective of a complete overhaul. The public bathrooms include very nice water fountains and private stalls with walls and doors that go all the way down. The bar, restaurant and lobby are all ultra-modern and befit a boutique hotel as opposed to the standard impersonal 80's decor which is usual at most big concrete business hotels. Service was very good with a bellman taking my luggage upon arrival by cab at the door and bringing them up to my room soon after check-in. Hyatt's new &quot;Perfect Stay&quot; program with a one-stop concierge/problem-solving number was much appreciated too and demonstrated to me a commitment to service above and beyond the Sheratons and Deltas I'm used to staying at.The location is great, just across the street from Place des Arts and within a 15 minute walking distance of the commercial heart of downtown Montreal and McGill University. The hotel is located within a large commercial skyscraper complex which includes 3 office towers and a very large food court and shopping centre. There is also a grocery store within the shopping centre which is a major convenience for cheap food.The only concerns I had were very minor ones: namely the lack of 24 hour room service and a minibar in the room. While I do not use these services frequently, I do appreciate having the use of a fridge to store cool drinks in my room and would understand a late traveller's desire to use a post-11:30pm room service. Overall, I was impressed by this Hyatt and believe it meets the new 21st century standards in business-class hotels. Why stay at an unrenovated, impersonal concrete block with mediocre service, when you could stay here?	
Jul 14 2006	Hyatt in Montreal...a nice place with some problems	Stayed at this property recently - this was my 3rd stay in the past 4 years, the first occurred when this hotel was under the Wyndham flag. The difference is barely noticeable.Overall, this hotel is quite good for a downtown Montreal property. However, it is (and has been) consistently a 3-star property rather than a 4-star property which is low for a traveller's expectations of a Hyatt.The rooms were nicely decorated with a modern look. Furnishings and carpet were generally good. We had a 10th floor room which was an upgrade to the Regency Club - the only noticeable difference was the furnishings which had a more sophisticated look.The Positives:- Desk staff are friendly and helpful- Pool and outdoor terrace are very nice and well kept (including gardens)- Pool is staffed by a trained lifeguard- Overall appearance of the hotel is clean and polished- Beds are comfortableThe Negatives:- Lack of a fitted sheet on the bed (as others noted)- Elevators to the hotel from the street level are slow- Restaurant is expensive and ordinary, breakfast buffet is basic and overpriced- In-room coffee set provided for 1-cup packet only (they willingly brought more when asked)- Ceilings in room entrance and bathroom showed signs of wear- Water pressure in tub was only adequate and whiny- Windows were dirty (as others noted)- A/C was difficult to operate (as others noted)Overall, I would stay there again but might also give others a try to improve on some of the finer touches.	
Jul 12 2006	Will come again!	We booked 2 rooms through Priceline and contacted the hotel right away to request for king size beds and non-smoking rooms. The costumer representative were very friendly and helpful. They answered my e-mail promptly and we got what we requested for.Con: 1. as everyone here said, to figure out how to get to the lobby of the hotel is quite confusing since you have to use 1 elevator to the room, 1 elevator to the street, and another elevator to the underground city. 2. Dark Room and even darker bathroom. Period.3. No Jacuzzi with the swimming pool.Pro:1. Despite the problematic lighting, the room itself is comfortable and spacious. 2. I LOVE the bathroom assortments! The color and fragrance of the shampoo, conditioner, and soaps are SO delightful that I took all the leftover home. 3. The swimming pool area is quite nice even though they don't have Jacuzzi. The balcony connected to the swimming pool became the best front row seat for the outdoor concert at Jazz fest.4. Location, location, and location. Yes! I will absolutely stay here again.	
Jul 7 2006	very pleased	This hotel is improved over the Wyndham (previous name) when I last stayed there a few years ago. I booked through Expedia. At check-in, they warned me that music from the Jazzfest would go until 11:30 at night and could be heard from my room. Then they honored my request to have a room away from the sound. I did travel for Jazzfest but prefer not to hear the music from my room. The room had a refrigerator, a welcome surprise since I like to buy fruit and wine. Comfortable above average furnishings. Sheets that wouldn't stay tucked in were the only negative. Elevator arrangement is confusing but you figure it out. Concierge friendly and helpful. The location is ideal for activities around the Place des Arts.	
Jul 7 2006 	Loved the decor	The goodprice on Pricelinelobbycondition of lifts and corridorslarger than normal size of roomattractively furnished and decorated roomfridge2 lights in bathroomfresh towelsposition- walked everywhereviewfully renovated bathroomeasy acess to shopsThe bad2 sets of lifts to reach roomsmell of barbeque sauce in sreet entranceinternet - charges noon to noon.I enjoyed my stay and would definately stay again.	
Jul 7 2006	friendly stay in MOntreal	We just got back from Quebec, and we loved our stay at the Hyatt Montreal.I dont get all the complaints..yes we did stay on the VIP floors, so maybe the lower floors get a bum deal.....but Lighting...... Bathroom is fine.......i dont want 500 watts when i first wake up....granted..the front entry light to the rooms should be brighter..but they are going for the Chic, comfy look.... it could be on a dimmer.Second, location...cant be beet....... yes..the area behind the hotel is a little seedy with its gay clubs, sex stores....and asian restaurants..but this is a huge city..... and probably safer than most US cities.It is so close to downtown..and Old Montreal is 3 blocks away..perfect for exploring. Staff could not have been more cheerful...especially when we checked in..quite busy...always a bon jour and a smile..... all thougout our stay. Food was quite good. Utilze the VIP section if you are that lucky...the desserts and appetizers hit the spot after a long hot day of playing tourists. Only complaint....like most..is the elevators.....the only way out of this hotel are the 2 elevators on the lobby floor Four Floors UP??????? God forbid if there was a fire....All in all we thought it was safe, quiet ( with the Jazz Festival right there) , VERY CLEAN and the pool, roofdeck gardens very relaxing.Now if only the American Dollar went farther....it would have been Great.	
Jun 30 2006	Hyatt - great location the bathroom is like a dark cavern	Stayed at the Hyatt for Grand Prix weekend so the price for the room was outrageous, but that is to be expected. However, for what the room is I would hazard to say that the regular price would be overpriced as well.So here are the good points:Location: it is right on Ste. Catherine street. Very walkable to shopping, metro is right across the street and very close to old Montréal. Ate in old montreal a couple of nights (highly recommend restaurant called Bonaparte - excellent french food, excellent service and very reasonable prices with still an upscale atmosphere. Also 10 min walk to Eggspectations in old Montréal - cut through Place des Armes - always good breakfast). There is also a mall underneath with an IGA - great to grab wine, or a snack or sandwich to take to the race track.Service: he bellman, the valet and the concierge were very helpful and friendly. The pool and deck - where else can you sun yourself on a rooftop in downtown MontréalThe bad points:The room - I am not sure what the person was thinking who designed the bathroom but there was one light. It was so dark I could barely see myself in the mirror (perhaps this is just in the lower floors - we were on the 3rd)The housekeeping - a couple of times they left &quot;clean” towels that were anything but...totally grossThe room amenities - TV is old and it seems like there once was a mini-fridge but was subsequently removed.BTW - if you are thinking about heading to Baton Rouge for dinner or lunch (which is right beside the hotel) - think twice. Had horrible service there - which I admit is out of character for the chain restaurant	
Jun 27 2006 	Convenient location	I booked an air/hotel package with Travelocity and stayed on the 14th floor in a Regency Club king room. All in all, I was pretty happy with the hotel. The ongoing construction is a bit of a nightmare, though it was mostly confined to the floors below the hotel where the conference rooms are. At the time we were there, it wasn't noisy, but there was a lot of work going on on the staircases, which made getting around underground somewhat of a challenge.. The Regency Club itself was a nice oasis, with access to free computers, printer, full breakfast buffet, afternoon drinks, etc. The hotel is centally located and although the immediate area is not the most thrilling part of Montreal, it was nice to be within walking distance of a lot of the key sights. it is also located right on top of a mall, with a large food court and decent shopping so you don't have to eat at the hotel if you don't want to. The hotel is not too large, which made getting around relatively easy. The room was comfortable, service decent, and I had no trouble with the internet access, which is also free with a regency club room. I would stay here again.	
Jun 21 2006 	The good the bad and the ugly	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Montreal for a conference in June 2006, three nights in a Regency Club King on the 10th floor.The Good:--Great bed with soft sheets, a duvet, and a pillow top mattress--A full-length mirror, a robe, and a refrigerator (empty)--Quiet, despite music festival next to hotel--Large, inviting public areas--Attached to a mall with a large food court, good to avoid expensivehotel food--Two recessed ceiling lights in the bath, so plenty of lightThe Bad:--No fitted sheet; this seems especially inexcusable since the property has gone to a Green program where linens get changed every three days.--Air conditioning seemed to work only the first night, after that it blew out humid, stale air--Tub was small, old, and grimy--Towels were small and scratchy--Room was generally dark, especially in foyer and in armoire closet--Regency Club lounge was not on one of the club floors but down on the main level next to the restaurant. Inconvenient to say the least.--Regency Club staff and concierge were unfriendly and judgemental--Conference room set up is maddening, rooms across three floors, accessed by only three elevators (and these elevators are in addition to the three guest room elevators and the two elevators that take you from ground level to reception) –the lack of signage made it worse--No in-room safe, meaning I had to take any valuables with me at all timesThe Ugly:--Stairs and escalators for conference room floors under construction so exposed pipes, wires, and other unpleasant stuff, not to mention need to cram into those three elevators to go up and down only one floor--Restaurant food not appealing and overpriced; no menu for breakfast or lunch, only a buffet--The location may be convenient, but it is not a nice part of town – lots of construction, orange cones, dust, and noise nearbyConclusion: Very much a three star property and not worth the $260 Canadian a night. It might be a good deal for half of that. Be forewarned.	
May 31 2006	Class act	Having paid a nightly rate of $100 from hotwire, we were not sure what to expect. The hotel surpassed all. We had called ahead to request a nonsmoking king, upper level, away from elevator and were told that everything would be done to accommadate this request. Staff at the front desk were friendly, helpful. The valet was working 3 jobs and brought our luggage up, without missing a beat, friendly, apolgetic that they took a few minutes.The room was beautiful, quiet, huge and quite a distance from the elevator (as we requested), king and non-smoking. Very quiet, peaceful, restoring.The bed, linens, bathroom shower and amenties were wonderful. Top notch and luxury level. No Bathrobe..but I give that up for quiet, clean and comfortable.Recommendations: Gourmand Belge for lunch and patissiere. Le Cube @ the St. Paul Hotel is incredible for an expensive but memoriable meal. The Bar @ the Hyatt is comfortable and the Tokay Pinot Gris by the glass is wonderful!	
May 30 2006	Nice Stay	We just returned from a long weekend visit to the Hyatt in Montreal. We had a great weekend and the Hyatt added to our pleasant stay. We stayed in 658.Fab: The free drinks we were offered upon check in. We tried checking in early about 1pm, and the desk clerk said no problem, and proceeded to let us know that our smoking room with two double beds was available. My husband is approx 6'5&quot; so I asked if it was possible to change our room to a king sized bed. After searching on her computer for a few moments, Maria said that she could certainly accomodate our wishes but that the room wouldn't be ready for 20 minutes. I was very pleased and was not at all upset about waiting 20 min, especially since we were checking in so early. Maria then proceeded to offer us free drink coupons so we could enjoy a cocktail while we waited! A very pleasant way indeed to start a visit. As mentioned in other reviews this hotel is in an excellent location for accessability to all that is going on. The renovations mentioned in other reviews seems to have been completed although we did not try out the pool, but did look in. Baton Rouge, the restaurant downstairs on Rue St. Catherine was a fun place to eat. Their ribs are perfect and they make a delicous Sangria. THe streetside dining is great for people watching.Not so Fab: Regulating the room temp seemed a bit tricky, either the air was stagnant or it felt like an ice box. Since we didn't spend too much time in the room and the bed was very warm and comfortable, this wasn't a big deal. Also as noted in other reviews, the bathroom lighting is oddly dim, although I did notice that the lighting was relaxing. The window with views of Rue St. Catherine and Rue Jeanne Mance was very dirty. We would stay here again for sure. I will say though that next time we will research the parking situation better. We parked at Place des Arts based on another travellers review and ended up paying more for parking than we would have for valet. The parking garage at Place des Arts charges from midnight to midnight, not the actual number of hours your vehicle is parked. IE, If you leave early in the morning thinking your car has only been in the garage for 48 hours, you will be charged for a full 72 OUCH!!!!!!!	
May 28 2006	Just average	Stayed here the weekend of May 26-27 with a deal through Priceline. We arrived just as everyone else was arriving for the weekend and had to wait quite a while for check in. When I finally did get to the desk, they told me all they had available was two doubles in a smoking room (I had specifically requested a king in a non-smoking room). The desk clerk mentioned a few times that my booking was through Priceline, as though I wasn't aware of this. After a bit of discussion, I was told that a room would not be available until later in the day and that I would have to wait to check in. I reluctantly agreed and requested that a crib be sent to the room for my infant daughter. When we finally got in to the room later that day the crib was still nowhere to be seen. I called and was told that they were &quot;out of cribs&quot; and that I would simply have to go without. After telling them this was unacceptable the duty manager got involved and promised that a crib would be sourced somewhere else. Fortunately they managed to find one and everything turned out OK.Other than these minor mixups, everything else was OK. The rooms aren't really up to the standard I've come to expect from Hyatt. As was mentioned in a few other reviews, the bathrooms are poorly designed with only one small spotlight above the sink. I also noticed a lot of mildew and peeling grout around the tub and a broken drain plug. Not what I would have expected from a Hyatt. I'm not sure if I'd stay here again - there are several other hotels in the area I think are better value for the money (such as the Springhill Suites in Vieux Montreal). However, the deal through Priceline made it a good bargain for us.What I liked: Central location, close to everything; clean and well maintained pool and gym area; pleasant staffWhat could be improved: Room decor, bathroom maintenance, room size	
May 27 2006	Modern fortress for conventioneers and arts 	Ideal location adjacent to the modern art museum and performing arts center; lively Chinatown, charming Old Town (same atmosphere as old Paris, but sans dog poop and smell of urine,) and direct underground passageway to the Convention Center. Rooms are tastefully and comfortably furnished, though gloomy brown-on-beige palette and smallish window with view of the shopping mall rooftop and neighboring skyscraper facade lends a dim and charmless feeling. I spent 6 nights on a business trip, and I must admit it felt homier toward the end. Disappointments: for this class of hotel, I expected a bathrobe. Light in the entry hall is so dim that it's hard to discern your clothes in the closet. Bathroom has just one bare spotlight over the sink - votive candles (or even a flashlight) for the bathtub would be a welcome touch. Broadband computer access did not work, despite considerable time with the broadband provider's help desk. Delights: The staff is knowledgeable, welcoming, and responsive. The gym is spacious and well equipped, and the indoor pool and outdoor sundeck looked nice, though they were closed for remodeling while I was there. The surrounding neighborhood is a bit funky and honky-tonk for a couple of blocks, but I never felt unsafe, due to lively sidewalk traffic. Hint #1: Take a cab from the airport, not the hotel bus. The bus ride is very long, stopping at several other hotels and requiring a transfer at the bus terminal, and then making several more stops before the Hyatt. Taxi fare is under $30 (Canadian) and worth it.Hint #2: There is wonderful super market in the hotel/shopping complex. Stock up on breakfast staples and keep them in the room refrigerator - healthier and cheaper than room service.	
May 11 2006 	Hyatt Montreal Beware	I arrived May 5th for a conference for an organization where I am an executive director of the board. I was disappointed that the guest basket that the organization paid for was delivered a room other than the one to which I was eventually booked. Several members of the board also did not receive their gift baskets. Seems that no one could really deermine why the very pricey baskets did not reach their intended destinations!I was on the 4th floor and the room was extremely dark even with all the lights turned on. I did not find the room up to the standards of the Hyatts that I have stayed at previously.The business center consists of one room with one older computer. I needed to ship some items back to the States, but no boxes or other packing material in the &quot;business center.&quot; The concierge suggested that I call housekeeping for a box. I received a box that had previously held 48 rolls oftoilet tissue.Be advised that if you make purchases in the gift shop or order room service and charge your room, you will not get a receipt but will be told that you can get one at the front desk when you check out. I will not stay here again. The line staff are very willing to please, but the general management could use some additional customer service training.	
May 5 2006	No Bar No Restaurant	Also stayed at the Hyatt over Easter Week and found the rooms to be nicely renovated, although our room was located at the end of a LONG, circular hallway that got a little old as the trip progressed. I'm surprised no other reviewers have mentioned the fact that the hotel bar and restaurant are closed for renovations, which explains why the rates are so good. There is a bar/restaurant in the mall below the hotel, but if you want a quick, quiet cocktail after a long day...it was not the place.Also, the pool was great and enormous, although only 35 people are allowed in the entire area so the attendant locked the door Sat. afternoon, even though only a few kids were using the pool. I'd like to read reviews from the families I saw pressing their noses against the glass with screaching 3-yr-olds!	
Apr 28 2006	Best Location in Montreal	Stayed at the Hyatt from April 19 - April 23, 2006 for just $60 per night thanks to BiddingForTravel(--)We drove from Michigan nearly 11 hours each way on the 401 to our favorite city of Montreal. Gas prices were incredibly high and we should have flown. Last year we flew from Detroit to Montreal on Northwest Airlines for $329 roundtrip per person.The Hyatt has the BEST location in the entire city. We were fortunate enough to spend almost a week during Spring Break this year with fabulous weather. The hotel had many teenagers and young couples with children during our stay which we didn't mind. Whatever is lacking at the Hyatt, it will most certainly make up with its location. We were within walking distance to Old Montreal, Mont Royal , the Gay Village, China Town, and all the great clubs and fine restaraunts on Crescent street and St. Denis. Ste Catherine street is at your footsteeps and the subway/metro is basically connected to the hotel so you barely even have to go outside. I believe the train and the bus station are just a short distance away as well. (--) has some great senior discounts if you want to take the train. The airport is a short 30 minute ride, and you can get an awesome roundtrip deal on the airport shuttle for around $22.50 roundtrip per person!! Compare that to a taxi cab of $34 one way plus tip; however, a taxi may be more economical for groups of 4 people or more.If you're planning on driving and then using the public mass transportaion during your stay (and not your car) do NOT park at Complex Des Jardins. They charge an insane $38 per day!! This is the SAME complex that the Hyatt Valet staff will use to park your car. Complex Des Jardins charges $8 when you park on &quot;weekend nights&quot;; however, you must arrive and leave within a certain time frame and you can't stay 24 hours for the $8.The Hyatt valet charges around $23 per day (plus tip) to park at the same location (Complex Des Jardins).If you're like me and you don't like anyone in your car, we recommend you park across the street at the Place Des Arts building (same building the metro is located) for only $13 per day Canadian -- for a full 24-hours!If I had to complain about anything , I would have to say that the shower pressure was very weak compared to our Detroit city water. It was hard to wash off all that cigar smoke from the clubs with the weak water pressure, but I guess most people wouldn't complain. The air conditioning didn't cool our room as well as it did last year. We had the AC set at the lowest level for several days and it just wouldnt get below a certain temperature.  The hallways can be noisy since there is no &quot;sound proofing&quot; between the door and the hallway. You can also hear people walking in the above unit, which made it hard to sleep since they were up at all hours of the night.The housekeeping staff is excellent. They obeyed our &quot;do not disturb sign.&quot; In theory, we could have been &quot;left alone&quot; all week if we wanted to. The front desk staff and conceirge were also great. Make sure you ask the conceirge for a free tourist map of Montreal. The clientelle at the Hyatt always seem to be &quot;high end&quot; which we enjoyed.We had a high floor, away from the elevator, vending machines, and ice machines. We also requested and received a king bed, non-smoking room, with a terrific view. We had free coffee, a large television, fridge, internet access, and excellent soaps (lemon lime) and toiletries; however, there was no safe or mini bar. The window was dirty and needed to be washed. Montreal is inundated with an overflow of homeless people which will quickly make you ignore anyone who says &quot;excuse me Sir&quot; on the streets.We did hear an annoying &quot;banging&quot; sound at night which sounded either like construction across the street or something banging against the building. It was certainly annoying. Our favorite restaurant, which we highly recommend, is the &quot;Jardin Nelson&quot; located in Old Montreal at Place de Nelson. They have the best strawberry daquiris in the universe and excellent french seafood dishes at reasonable prices, all in an outdoor setting with street performers!! Incredibly romantic location.There is a 24-hour Burger King and a Cafe Depot near the hotel which we recommend you avoid. You may also want to avoid &quot;Ste Viateur bagel and cafe&quot; in Mont Royal.There is a wonderful &quot;currency exchange&quot; on Ste Catheroine street located just one minute from the hotel in a jewelry store. They only charge $2 to change your money back from Canadian to USA (at an excellent exchange rate). Make sure you use the ATM at Bank of Montreal which didnt charge us an ATM fee.We recommend you get the &quot;3 day&quot; or the &quot;weekly&quot; subway/metro pass which will give you unlimited use of all the metro lines AND the bus line as well. The bus is convenient when the metro closes at 12:45am!Check-in and check-out was a breeze. They just said our room was &quot;pre-paid&quot; and asked for a credit card for incidentals when we checked in. They also made us sign a sheet of paper which I think stated that we were responsible for incidentals.The bottom line is we got another incredible deal at the Hyatt and we would love to stay at this hotel again. It's not home, but one of the better hotels we have stayed at. The entire hotel recently received a multi-million dollar renovation which is featured on Hyatts website. Our room looked exactly liked the photos on the website. Our room was beautiful with excellent decor. Keep in mind that the bed is super soft, so if you prefer a &quot;rock hard&quot; firm mattress you might be disappointed. Also, as others have mentioned, the bathroom lightning is dim.The good news is that on June 1st all of Montreal will be 100% smoke free.	
Apr 27 2006 	Mostly bad experience	I stayed at the Hyatt for a week, and I have to say it was a mostly negative experience. The good:1) Location. You are above a mall/underground walkways that can take you to the conference center, and many other locations. You can easily walk to old Montreal. There's a grocery store and food court in the mall that's right downstairs (well, two elevators away!) 2) Water pressure. You can't see yourself in the dark washroom, but the hot water has lots of pressure.3) Soaps (when you get them) are not bad quality - not the best, but certainly usable. The bad:1) Housekeeping. They don't refill empty shampoo, conditioner, etc etc. I am staying here a week, and went a couple days without roomservice, and only took down the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign when I needed refills, as I'm in and out of the room for a conference. So I'm completely out of shampoo and the bottles are left empty in an obvious place - and they don't refill anything. I had to call for refills. They also don't replace toilet rolls, or the tea/coffee in your room. As I'm paying $200 per night, bit annoyed not having tea/coffee in the morning... I phoned and an hour later someone arrived with some items. Also, the fitted sheet issue others mention here -- so true. I cannot believe that they use a flat sheet on the beds. Woken up every morning on a bare mattress - ew. Other things were tidied up at least. 2) Room Service. Costly room service menu, limited hours. I guess I'm used to the Hilton that's open really late (the only reason I order room service is when I need to eat odd hours due to conventions!). But the price - huge price tag on the food, and then they tack on $3 service fee and taxes on top. Also, service was LATE both times -- they said they would bring my food at a certain time and were late by at least 10 minutes each time. (Not bad, but when you're on a schedule for meetings, it can throw things off.)ALSO - they advertise &quot;freshly squeezed orange juice&quot; on the menu (at $5), which is worse than Tropicana. It's seriously generic-brand concentrate grade. Stay away, or set your expectations low.Other than that, the people who brought the food were friendly.3) Elevators. They were out of service at times, which meant long waits. Oddly laid out too - a separate elevator takes you up from street level to the lobby. A different elevator takes you up to the rooms. A third elevator takes you down to the mall. More inconvienent is that the stairs seem to be for emergencies only. I am on the first floor above the lobby - so I've had to take the elevator just to go down a single floor (before getting on a second eleavator to go anywhere else). Very annoying. 4) Bathrooms - The lighting. Not bad if you're there for a night - but a whole week it gets on your nerves. One small light over the mirror. Oddly placed so it's awkward to put your make-up on (awkward in that you get shadows all over your face and cannot see.) That's a minor inconvienience. It's the fact that it's completely dark everywhere else in the bathroom. I guess this helps hide any grime anywhere else... 5) No full-length mirror, no safe, (and naturally, no fridge). No mirror is annoying on a business trip for sure. Attending a professional workshop and conference, you want to make sure you look presentable - but it's pretty difficult as there are no full legnth mirrors anywhere to be found (in the room or halls, etc). A safe is a big one for me though - for business I have all kinds of gadgets with me I want to lock up when not in the room all day. Every other hotel I've been in over the past few years has had in-room safes - not here.First time I've felt the need to search out a review site to vent. I can't see returning here ever (looks like some nice smaller hotels in old montreal - think I'd consider something like that next time), and don't think I'd go to another Hyatt without some research beforehand.	
Apr 22 2006	Average for 3 Stars	A &quot;nice&quot; hotel, comfortable, but nothing to rave about. The chamber staff here needs to learn how to make a bed - they were using a small flat sheet as the bottom sheet of the bed, so you roll over once, and the bedding is in a wad. Although I agree that the lighing in the bathrooms was not great, it was adequate. It could have been better, but not a reason to avoid this hotel.The bell staff lost my wife's bag, a BIG problem - and we have not had much satisfaction from the hotel. There is certainly a wide variety of places in Montreal to stay - we pricelined this one - and worked out for us (with the exception of the lost bag!).	
Apr 18 2006	Good location good rooms terrible lighting	We stayed at the Hyatt for 6 nights, over Easter. -The location is great; easy access to Metro, near Chinatown, walking distance to Old Montreal. -The staff at the hotel were all very friendly and helpful (although the concierge rarely answers the phone). The front desk staff is very professional and pleasant.-the breakfast buffet is very good, (but exactly the same every day, so a bit tedious). Service was always chearful.-The rooms are well furnished the beds were very comfortable, but the lighting is terrible...terrible.-Entrance to the hotel can be quite annoying, as you have to take an elevator up to the lobby, and another elevator up to your room.In general, the hotel lacks charm, but the staff does a good job in making it as personal as possible. Montreal is great, lots of good restaurants and cafe's. Great kids' science museum. Fun city to explore, with different areas and lots to see. Oh, don't bother to go to the biodome/Olympic park, it's a waste of time &amp; money.	
Apr 3 2006	A good choice	I found very little to complain about. Check in was cordial. My request for breakfast vouchers, due to my status with Hyatt's frequent guest programme, was accomodated and I received my welcome amenity (wine and cheese) shortly after check in.The room was certainly not large, but it was very comfortable and the furnishings and decor of good quality and to my taste. Everything was clean and in good repair. Hyatt has refurbished the rooms since taking over the property from Wyndham.That being said, I found the one area that could use some improvement was the bathroom. It was quite small ... there's no room for improvement there, but the fixtures were quite dated and the tile and grout around the bath could have used some attention. The toilet lid had a missing hinge cover that revealed a grungy looking bolt. The hairdryer was of the wall mounted type with a vacuum cleaner hose and was anemic at best. The vanity was moulded composite acrylic ... most better hotels now use composite stone.The location of the hotel is near boul. St. Laurent, which has been the historical and geographical dividing line between east (francophone) and west (anglophone) areas of Montreal. The hotel is actually attached to an indoor shopping mall, Complexe Desjardins, and from there you can take indoor passageways to reach Place des Arts and/or the Métro. This is a great plus during the city's cold winter. You can access Montréal's &quot;underground city&quot; and take advantage of many different shopping, cultural, dining and entertainment options without ever having to don winter apparel. Not many hotels are that well connected.All in all, I liked the hotel, its location and staff, and would certainly have no problem staying here again.	
Mar 22 2006	Great Place to Stay	Just come back from 5 day stay at Hyatt Regency and have to say everything was excellent.All staff we came into contact with, from Front Desk to Bar and Restaurant staff were polite, professional and very friendly. Always greeted us with a smile and were more than willing to talk about the best places to visit in their city. They switched from French to English effortlessly and went out of their way to be accommodating.Recommended a good day trip out to Quebec, a beautiful town and advised us on the best ( and most cost effective) way of getting their...take the bus, it's more reliable than the trains....good advise.Only little negative point was the lack of lighting in the bathrooms, but I'd already read about that and can see where people are coming from, but the concierge advised us that they have taken this on board and are rectifying the problem at the moment. Nevertheless, still a very enjoyable place to stay.Well done guys !!	
Mar 4 2006	Hyatt Montreal Alright but we'd pick somewhere else	The bathroom had one tiny light above the sink area, no other lighting in rest of the bathroom, so if you take a bath or shower, you are almost in the dark. There was some black molding around shower area. Otherwise nice decor of the room. In our room there was no mini-bar, but perhaps some other rooms have them. We were put on the first floor of the actual hotel, which is I believe the 6 or 7th floor of the building. You can go down to the shopping mall below the hotel for breakfast muffins/coffee to save some additional money. The parking was pretty high, with no in out privelidges, so when we left 4 1/2 hrs after checking in to go eat some montreal smoked meat across town, it was $15 to leave garage, and then the next morning when we left an additional $19. So perhaps the better deal is the valet price (overnight) price of $25 with in /out privileges. The pool had nice touch with heated lights above lounge chairs to keep warm after getting out of the pool. Really nice patio furniture around the pool also. The changerooms for the pool were down this dreary looking area off the pool. The attendant was always there to watch and answer questions. Overall we decided we'd probably choose another hotel next time.	
Feb 24 2006	Perfect!!	I went to a wedding at the Hyatt Regency hotel and the event was so perfect. The room was comfy, modern and I had a great service.. My fiance and I are seriously thinking to do our wedding reception there	
Feb 20 2006 	Not too bad. About average.	The hotel was decent. It's about what I'd expect for a lower-average four star hotel. The bathrooms have very little light, ultimately leading to showering in the dark. Other than a few gaffs here and there the stay was alright. I am returning to the Montreal Hyatt this week.	
Feb 7 2006	Try seeing yourself in the bathroomat the Hyatt Regency!	I always think that a hotel with internet and high speed elevators should have adequate ambient light in the bathrooms. A single recessed halogen bulb in the ceiling above the sink just doesn't cut it, although it sure cuts down on the electricity consumption.Dingy is the word which comes to mind.Come to think of it, the closet didn't have a light either.	
Feb 3 2006	everything great	great location- if the weather is bad, you can spend the day in the mall where the mall is located- good variety of food in the food court, good shops, can ride the subway from the mall to other places = subway system easy to navigate even though I don't speak any French. The Hyatt- rooms large, beautifully decorated, great view of downtown, nice bathroom (bathrooms are important to me). Staff was really nice. Loved the workout room- nice eqipment.	
Jan 15 2006 	Hotel Is Sweet!	This is the third time I stayed at the Hyatt Montreal and must say that each time I enjoy it. The tasteful decor combined with an attentive courteous staff has made my stays at the hyatt very good. The rooms are spacious and the views that I got were great. I definitely reccomend this hotel to anyone; got a great price off hotwire so anyone should try using that site for this hotel. Gluck!	
Jan 3 2006	Zero service zero charm	We stayed there over NYE and would not recommend this hotel to anyone unless you get a super deal or have very low expectations. From check-in to check-out, we had minimal service. The room was dark, the bathroom cramped, and the bed hard with these polyester-like sheets. Having paid 189 Canadian a night, we were expecting better. And maybe it was the holiday weekend, but the lobby was filled with high schoolers with their alcohol-induced rants and ripped jeans. I have not stayed at a Hyatt for a while now and am not inclined to do so again.	
Dec 29 2005	Not what i expected of a Hyatt Regency!	If you like a small, dark room and a hotel with no charm or character, there is absolutely nothing wrong with the Hyatt in Montreal, I opted for a superior room with a view that a booked directly with the hotel and was vastly disappointed; tiny windows and low ceilings. Everything seemed minimal as in cheap. Fortunately, they allowed me to change hotels the next day and i moved to hotel Nelligan, which is pretty comfy, though I have to say, they could use better lighting in room 407, but the hotel is great....very nice ambiance...all the modern conveniences at your fingertips in a homey, friendly atmoshphere.	
Oct 19 2005	Really enjoyed our stay at the Hyatt!	Stayed at the Hyatt Montreal two weeks ago. Very, very nice. Purchased the room via hotwire for about 90 bucks and I believe it was considered a 4 star. The decor was very stylish, our room was so nice and clean. I loved the pillows and the comforter on the bed was beautiful and the bathroom was granite and just so modern. The staff was very nice and helpful. The location was great, we were about 5 walking blocks from Maison du Jazz, a super cool jazz club that comes highly recommended as well. My husband and I would definitely go back to the Hyatt. Thumbs up!!!	
Oct 12 2005	Hyatt Regency Montreal - Loved it!	Just returned from a 3 night stay (Oct. 08-11, 2005) in room 641 and loved it.From Dorval Airport, I took the Aerobus to the bus terminal near the Berri Metro station for $13C (taxi is $31C directly to the hotel, a better deal if you're not traveling alone). From the bus terminal there was a free mini-bus to the Hyatt. Although the mini-bus was difficult to find, all personel were helpful and friendly. On the return trip to Dorval, I walked to the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth Hotel, to catch the bus directly to airport. Much easier if you don't mind the 5 block walk.Check-in at the hotel was quick, smooth, and very friendly. In other bulletin boards, I had read warnings of attempts by desk personel offering to 'upgrade' accommodations to Regency Club for additional payment. There were reports of misunderstandings of 'per night' and 'per stay' amounts. Nothing was offered when I checked in.My room was nicely appointed and the bed very comfortable. Plenty of towels, coffee maker and clear indications of additional charges for internet and phone. Plenty of lighting in the room, but, the bathroom had one small halogen-type light above the sink, and was VERY dark. This room would have been a problem for someone applying makeup.The concierge was helpful in giving me directions for using the metro (subway), and provided maps and helpful advice. Actually this was the case in every situation with locals. Montreal is a truely sophisticated and friendly city.Didn't use the pool or fitness center, but, it seemed to be popular and busy when I passed by.The Hyatt is part of a shopping and restaurant complex that has an informal food court for quick meals. The other hotel and on-street restaurants in the immediate area were busy the entire holiday weekend.Check out was effecient and friendly.	
Sep 23 2005	Cannot fault anything at the Hyatt great renovations as well	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Montreal at the end of July 2005 as it was the best rate we could get in a 4/5* hotel in downtown Montreal during this busy time (both the Francofolies, going on in front of the hotel and Divers-Cité in the village). For the price we paid, the hotel was perfect! The last time I stayed at this location was back in 2001 when it was still a Wyndham and the public areas haven't changed much since. Back then, Wyndham had just redone everything as the previous occupants, the Le Meridien chain, had left it in a sad shape. So lobby/bar area are the same as they've been in the last 5 years, except that the carpets and some furniture were changed. I liked the style they had before in the lobby so I'm glad they didn't really change it but the new furniture is very sleek and modern. You won't find yourself in a flower-power style Marriott here. LOCATION: Depending on what you're up to, I think it's one of the best location of all downtown Montreal hotels. It's at the start of the shopping strip on St-Catherine, right in front of la Place-des-Arts (performing arts center) and the Contemporary arts museum. That's If you walk toward the west. Heading east on St-Catherine, you'll find yourself in the middle of a ton of strip clubs, the University district and the gay village, a 10-minute walk away. 5 minutes heading east, you'll also end up on St-Laurent and St-Denis which has tons of great restaurants with nices patios. It's also where the French clubbing scene happens (the more &quot;English clubbing&quot; scene, where most of the underage american students go, is on Crescent, much farther away but heading west). Old-Montreal, altough we didn't go, I've walked from this hotel to Old-Mtl before and it's a 10-minute walk If you're a quick walker, 20-minute walk If you're legs aren't what they used to be. This being my 30th time or so in Montreal, I can tell you that you will waste time taking the subway (changing from the green to the orange line will be necessary so you'll go east and then back west again). But the Métro (subway) is a safe and quick way to practically anywhere else (But If you're like me and you like walking, walk, you'll discover Montréal more) Don't be bothered by the homeless and punks begging on the streets, this is a very safe city and they are harmless (well, most of them, exceptions exist everywhere). Toronto might look &quot;cleaner&quot; in that respect but I believe this is mostly due to the fact that beggars are not tolerated (by-law) in T.O, while this isn't the case in Montreal. Finally, the hotel is in the huge &quot;Complexe Desjardins&quot;, which is 3 office towers connected with a shopping mall, the Hyatt and the immense underground garage. Something I noticed in a previous review, the subway IS accessible without going outside, practical in the winter time. Take the parking elevators to Level 2, &quot;Place&quot; (lobby is on the 6th floor).SERVICE: I thought the service was excellent. I don't think it compares to anything I've received in the last 3 years in Montreal. Hotel was sold-out but 5 clerks were working the reception desk and I got my room in 5 minutes. Had requested 2 doubles non-smoking and that's what I got. The Francofolies stage being in front of the hotel, she asked If I would prefer a room on the 7th floor with a view and the music or a quieter one on the 10th floor at the back on the Regency Club Level. I opted for the later (but the rooms are apparently all the same anyways). Still great that they asked. Contrary to the previous reviewer, the concierge gave us wonderful restaurants reccomendations and was extremely polite. Security staff, pool staff, everyone was nice and greeted us without being overwhelming. Not pretentious at all either. Even though we are French speakers, I didn't see English-speaking guests being treated differently.ROOMS: Great renovations. Now that's really something they've changed since they took over in 2003. Everyting was new and modern, GREAT bed (Pillotop mattresses and tons of feather pillows). They did have fitted sheets. CD player in room, mini-fridge, quiet but cold A/C and finally, they did the bathrooms which are now up to par! The room is exactly like what you see on the Hyatt website. Hallways a little dark but it's the modern, cool style of the hotel I guess. It's relaxing to say the least.POOL/FITNESS: This as also changed since Wyndham/Meridien... I definately think that anyone who's seen the pool's shape before and after will agree that it was larger and nicer before. BUT, the fitness facilities, the terrace/gardens and the pool area overall are much brighter and feel like a little oasis in the middle of town. Very nice. PARKING: Warning! Do not use the Valet parking. It's outrageously overpiced and may spoil your stay. At 23$ per day+tips, it's definately a rip-off, even in Montreal. This becomes even more obvious when you know that they park you car in the Complexe's garage (just like it has been done since it opened in 1976) and you can do just the same yourself and from Friday 4 p.m to Monday 9 a.m, the daily maximum is 8$. 2 nights=8+8=16$ with taxes. Hyatt's rate: 23+23=46... I saved 30$! On weekdays, I saw a daily max of 16$... you're still saving 7$... So don't be puzzled, pass the front entrance of the hotel on Jeanne-Mance and a few meters after, you'll see the sign for &quot;Parking, Complexe Desjardins&quot;. It is all the same and elevators will get you right to the lobby.Overall, I will say: book with confidence and ignore the negative reviews. It's comfy, quietly luxurious and well-located, in my top 3 Montreal hotels. I wouldn't book it at more than 200$/night though.	
Sep 21 2005	Don't stay at the Hyatt in Montreal	We stayed for 10 days at the Hyatt Regency in Montreal. It was expensive and not worth it. Our complaints: poor housekeeping (the room staff shorted us on toilet paper, kleenex, left dirty glasses in the room and did not replace them, made our bed with sheets so short they pulled out every night we slept on them); the bathroom (very dimly lit with one tiny bulb, no close-up shaving mirror); no full-length mirror in the room; had to wait an average of 15 to 20 minutes to get into the breakfast buffet on the weekends (the manager put some people together at a large table and ignored the rest of us; when he saw someone he knew he asked, &quot;How long have you been waiting?&quot; When she answered &quot;15 minutes,&quot; he said &quot;Oh, that's not so bad.&quot;); very nasty service at breakfast (we were afraid to ask our waitress for something--she was so irritable. Another table complained about her and the manager said, &quot;Maybe she's just having a bad day.&quot;) Sometimes silverware was missing at breakfast and newspapers were not available. When we asked for a newspaper, we were told that if the manager had time, he would try to find us one. Then he gave a newspaper to a man sitting near us. We asked the concierge for the address of a restaurant. He gave us the wrong address and we walked for a half hour in the wrong direction until we found someone who knew the restaurant. All in all, this was a bad experience. There are so many problems this hotel needs to address from physical facilities to attitudes that we cannot see how they will ever improve. Until they do, do not stay at the Hyatt Regency in Montreal.	
Aug 20 2005	Cannot say enough good things about it!	Just came back from a 4 night stay at the Hyatt, and we loved it. The room was very tastefully decorated, staff was very pleasant and helpful and the hotel is only a block away from the metro! (That's their subway system.)Suggestions:*If bringing your car, don't park at the hotel's parking; it's $23 nite! Around the corner on Bleury Street, you can find parking for $10/nite! *As for the metro (which is very easy to navigate), do yourself a favor and buy the 3 day tourist pass (only $16 or $18 CAD, can't remember) - but well worth it as it's good for the metro AND the busses (otherwise each separate ride is $2.50). *Also regarding the metro, the easiest way to access it from the hotel is to walk out the main entrance &amp; go right (towards the art museum) stay on Jeanne-Mance with the museum on your right - at the end of the street is the metro. It took us almost 3 days to figure that out!*There's a decent place for breakfast 1 block on Ste Catherine (walking away from the museum) from the hotel called 'Petit Dejeuner' (at least it was the only words I noticed on the restaurant) - which means Breakfast apparently...they serve breakfast until 3pm!!! (Good for those late nite partiers!)*And if you are into the bar/club scene, make sure you hit Crescent Street, that's definately where the action is!	
Aug 15 2005	Great Hotel Great Location!	This was my first visit to Montreal and we had to find a hotel on relatively short notice. We used an online service to book the hotel and received a great rate of $74 US per night for 3 nights. While we were there, there was a giant music festival going on in the streets below, La Francofiles, or something like that...we couldn't hear a thing in the hotel room. The hotel is within walking distance of Old Montreal and the river, the metro is right across the street, the underground mall can be accessed through the basement, and the rooms were very clean, spacious, and quiet. Good A/C. I did not access the pool or fitness center to comment on that. There is a parking garage attached underground which cost about $50 for three days. The parking garage is so clean its almost sterile. The service was great as well. If you're worried about not speaking French...don't. Everyone in Montreal readily switched between fluent French and English without making you feel stupid. If you can get the same rate, it is a spectacular bargain. Enjoy Montreal.	
Aug 15 2005	Great stay	Stayed there during the grand prix week-end. Very friendly and professional staff, a decent breakfast, clean and comfortable rooms, brand new bathrooms. We had a regular room and it was just what you would expect from a good quality hotel - clean, spacious, nice beds, convenient location (stayed all over the world - had better, but this is what you pay for in this case). I was a bit concerned having read some of the negative reviews on this site, but had a good time and no problems at all. Highly recommended for either a business or a private stay.And yes, Montreal is French-speaking. They speak English at the hotel fine, but nobody is expected to speak English, where other languages are official.	
Aug 12 2005	Hyatt (Montreal) in July 2005	My friend and I had a wonderful stay at the Hyatt, recently. Our criteria are listed below, and all were more-than-amply satisfied:1) Easy to reserve: I booked online via the hyatt website.2) Reasonable cost: I booked a 'super break' deal, for 3 nights, which included breakfast and twin beds. TIP: register in the loyalty programme: Hyatt Gold Passport. You can request high floors and an upgrade at check-in. We were upgraded to a Regency Club Room (spacious) with 2 double beds, a great view (floor to ceiling windows) and a complimentary fruit basket. Cost was CAD 666.04/ EUR 455.07 (excluding 50% off the third night, given at check-out), for 3 nights, per room, including breakfast.3) Location. Was central, close to the Underground Shopping Mall, around 20 minutes (gentle) stroll to the Old Port area and best of all, located directly above the Les Jardins shopping complex.4) Good service. Staff were very friendly and attentive to our requests, e.g. concierge - for directions; reception: for room service, other queries.5) Cleanliness. The room we were assigned, was very clean. It is possible to request anti-allergy pillows and linens.6) Decent breakfast. This was the highlight of our stay. An extensive array of breads, fruits, cooked food and drinks. Including porridge, french toast with maple syrup and eggs cooked-to-order. Really fresh, well-cooked and with kind waiting staff. 7) Fitness facilities. The hotel has adequate fitness facilities (weights, machines, cross-trainer, treadmill and bikes). It also has an indoor, heated swimming pool (around 10m in length). Open from 6.30am onwards. Possible to have massages aswell. We took advantage of a 1-hr lymphatic drainage massage (cost CAD 65 each).	
Aug 12 2005	my best hotel experience in montreal ever	every summer i would travel to quebec for a short vacation with my kids. we have stayed at different hotels but my stay at hyatt regency proved to be our best experience so far. the staff were very nice, friendly and helpful. the loacation was conveient for downtown shopping and dinning. and my kids love the swimming pool very muchl. our room was clean and spacious. will definitely stay at this hotel again. keep up the good work.	
Jul 12 2005	Strike 	Like most of Montreal hotels, Hyatt Montreal was on strike on friday, July 8th. Something about provincial laws making that if employees are on strike they cant hire workers to replace them, so hotels have to operate only with managers. Working in this industry for several years now, I cannot beleve of the incompetence of these managers filling for their employees. At the front desk (waited 45 min to c/in), room was'nt perfectly cleanned (bad job in the bathroom), messed up my order 3 times at the bar. The next day, employees were back on the job, sure glad they were back! These employees are competent, deliver good customer service and are better at dealling with busy periods of the day. I had one manager throw a fit at me because i was complaining on how the service that day was so crapy, he did not apologise for the situation that was going on. I would have left this hotel but my understanding was other hotels had the same situation going on.They deserve everything they ask for in their contract negociations. And mister General Manager your department managers need some training in good customer service pronto!Because of the employees, this is a great hotel and would come back, I would not come back for the management team.	
Jul 8 2005	Delightful!	Beautiful accommodations, comfortable rooms, friendly service, great location! Every staff member we met was warm and helpful. The Hyatt Montreal Centre Ville helped make our first visit to Montreal a memorable one. Thanks!	
Jul 2 2005	Solid choice	Just returned from a 3 day stay at this Hyatt. This would be a 3 star AAA hotel, nothing special, not terrible. It is in a convenient location for walks to the Latin Quarter, Old M, shopping, etc. I would not pay over $130 US per night for this hotel, considering that you have to add $18C per day for parking and exhorbitant 15% taxes.	
Jun 14 2005 	Stay Away!	This place was terrible, the staff is arrogant and can not speak good English. If you do not know French, do not stay here. They screwed up my hotel billing and lost my reservation. I brought my printed reservation and showed it to them. They did nothing. Terrible place.	
Apr 24 2005	Hyatt's a great option	Stayed here for two nights, part of the Montreal Sweet Deals promotion, which worked out great because it was a great value for what we got.Getting to the lobby was initially confusing because you need to use one elevator to get to the lobby, which is on the 6th floor of Complex Desjardins. Check-in was easy and then we had to use a different set of elevators to get to our room. The whole two-elevator thing is a bit disorienting at first, but easy to get used to.We got a two double-bed room with great, modern decor. Bathrooms were great, though the tub is shallow, definetly not something you can soak in. The best feature of the room (though all of it was great) were the beds! We loved the sealy pillow-top mattresses, the pillows and the duvet -- we all agreed that it was actually more comfortable than our beds at home.There is a pool and gym in the building. The indoor pool is nicely situated, with lots of deck-space, chairs and sunlight coming through the windows. The gym was downstairs from the pool, the equipment a bit older and few, but there is a new gym facility that has been constructed in a room by the pool. We peeked and there was lots of nice new equipment, but we were told it's not open yet.Location is pretty good and the convenience of being in Complex Desjardins meant that it was a very short trip if we ever needed anything, like food, snacks, &amp;c. We had the buffet breakfast in the hotel and it was pretty good. I think there's good enough variety for whatever you'd want like cereals, yogurt, fruits, juices, an omelet station, along with your bacon, sausages, french toast, breads, danishes, &amp;c. All of the staff we encountered were friendly and formal.All in all, it's a great place with amenities to boot.	
Apr 19 2005	Update	I agree with the latest general consensus. In April 2005, I had my fourth or fifth stay at the Hyatt in the past 18, and the hotel continues to upgrade. This winter, some new and sleeker furnishings were added, and the bathroom was updated. (Yes, the archaic wall-mounted hairdrying contraption has been retired and replaced by a hand dryer.) Bed was nice and comfy. Guest rooms are not chic or boutique, but the rooms are clean, modern, and comfortable.As mentioned in past reviews, this location is the best in the city -- on Ste. Catherine St, near the major blvds. of St. Laurent and St. Denis, directly above Metro station access. Close to everything from Place des Arts to the funky trendy Plateau neighborhood to Chinatown to the Old City to the red light district. Ample dining options are available just downstairs. The rate for parking at the Complexes Desjardins underground parking center is typical of Montreal -- coming in this time at around $18CD per 24 hours. ($15USD per day).Room rates at this Hyatt are commensurate with the location and setting -- not cheap but not excessive, and careful and smart shoppers can find discounts. I always do.	
Apr 13 2005	great hotel great location...	My fiancee and I stayed at the Montreal Hyatt for 2 nights in April 2005. We made our reservations on Hotwire and then read the reviews here on Tripadvisor. Several reviewers reported problems when using sites such as Hotwire and Priceline so I decided to contact the hotel to help ensure that we'd receive a King/Non-smoking room upon checkin. I also confirmed that I was guaranteed for late arrival. Upon check-in we were greeted enthusiastically and were checked in efficiently. The room was very nice. The renovations scheduled for completion in May must be mostly finished. Our room looked just like the one on the website. We've stayed in Montreal's Hotel Nellgan and the 'new' rooms at the Hyatt are fairly similar to the rooms at the Nelligan. Obviously there is a difference between a boutique hotel like the Nelligan and the Hyatt but there is also quite a price difference. Especially at Hotwire prices!! We had no problems at all with room service which we used once. The room was cleaned very well each day and we had turn-down service each night. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this Hyatt to anyone. The renovations look great, the rooms are very stylish. Our view looking over Place des Arts was wonderful, especially at night. Last but not least, the hotel is in a fantastic location... truly in the heart of downtown Montreal. The Old Port is right behind the hotel and Ste. Catherine's street is right out the door and to the left. No problems here, I suspect some of the 'bad' reviews came during the renovation or maybe even when the hotel was a Wyndham last year. So don't worry.... stay at the Hyatt... call before you go and confirm you are getting what you expect... be polite and I'm sure you'll have a pleasant stay.	
Apr 4 2005	Alexandra especially loved the pool and the snow outside	My husband, 7 year old granddaughter and I stayed at the Hyatt in late December 2004. It was the best hotel we stayed in during our 6 week holiday in North America. Close to all attractions, the foodhall and shopping centre (we don't want to see another foodhall or theme park again!) Alexandra loved the pool and the attendants were thoughtful and polite. Extra towels were provided on request. All staff were extremely helpful and welcoming. The view over the Arts Centre was wonderful. The temperature was freezing outside but not as bad as Ottawa where we experienced -35degrees. Too cold for the Aussies.	
Mar 30 2005	Very good stay...	Stayed in early March 2005 for three nights with my wife and two kids. The room was terrific. Although I booked through Priceline, the hotel honored my request for a nonsmoking rm with two beds. (I called from the car about 5 hours in advance and arrived at 4pm.) Room had clearly been renovated recently. Staff were very pleasant.You simply can't beat the location: 1) atop a mall with a decent food court AND a supermarket. 2) Walking distance from Old Town; and 3) near lots of night life.Only complaint is that the halls were noisy at night. Perhaps St. Patrick's Day had something to do with it?Tips: I self-parked and heard other guests complaining about difficulty with ransoming cars from valets. Go with self-park unless you expect alot of in-outs. Free highspeed wifi in lobby. I worked 4+ hours per day in the lobby while the others in my party slept and I always found an electrical outlet and a comfortable chair. Cheers!	
Mar 21 2005	A Special Experience	I bought a package that included a gift, casino money and second night at half price. When I booked at the Hyatt, I found out that breakfast was also included. I went with a friend for a &quot;girl's weekend away&quot;.My stay was phenomenal. When I requested extra coffee for the room, I was forgotten. Not only was an apology forthcoming, when I returned to my room there was an apology note, a bowl of fruit and a small bottle of wine. The rooms are spacious, clean and comfy. The beds are the most comfortable that I have ever slept in. The duvets and throw pillows were a special added touch.The entire staff were friendly, helpful and pleasant. Special thanks to Benoit, the concierge. He was always smiling and outgoing without being obtrusive. The breakfast was buffet style with an omelette station. The variety was plentiful. I would stay at the Hyatt again at any time. I will recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be treated special and feel as if they are the only guests.	
Feb 22 2005	would stay @ the hyatt again	The Hyatt's best attribute is its proximity to major attractions, which makes getting around town quick and easy. Overall, my stay was pleasant, the rooms were clean and well maintained, the facilities were great, and the staff were always friendly. The hair dryers were a bit odd, but other than that, I have no complaints!	
Feb 8 2005	Location Location Location and great service	Just back from a weekend in Montreal at the Hyatt Regency at Complexe Desjardins. Previous reviewers are correct that the pillows are a bit slim, but otherwise we had a great stay. Staff was attentive, breakfast buffet extensive and delicious, room decor new and attractive, and the location is &quot;the location&quot;. We visit Montreal often and when not staying in an apartment, the Hyatt will be our spot. Special tip: Bring your own hairdryer. The contraption hanging from the bathroom ceiling was interesting, but not much of a hair dryer. (I wish I knew that one could post pictures---this would be classic.) Find a deal and stay in the center of the action. 	
Jan 4 2005	The Hyatt was great!	We stayed at the Hyatt Regency, Montreal, Dec. 27, 2004 through Dec. 31, 2004. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful from check-in, bellman, to maid service. Our room was very clean and had been recently refurbished. There is an underground mall accessible by elevator with restaurants (we recommend the Baton Rouge), shopping and a market. We didn't experience any of the probelms mentioned in prior reviews. Perhaps the renovations are complete. We throughly enjoyed our stay. Incidentally, we booked through Priceline at a very good rate and were treated no differently.	
Jan 3 2005	Guest Rooms have been renovated.. but the bathrooms! YUCK!	The Hyatt has finished renovating all of the guest rooms.. and they have done a great job! The rooms have been 100% redone - and have an upscale contemporary look &amp; feel. Beds are very comfortable - pillow top mattress - duvet - nice linens - but no feather bed and the pillows were rather limp/flat. They don't use fitted sheets.. so every morning we looking at the exposed mattress.. (a Sealy).The only thing they forgot was the bathrooms - they havent been updated since the hotel opened in the 70's.. I am surprised they did not include them in the renovations - they definately need it! The phone in our bathroom did not work.. the sink was cracked and the faucet leaked. Wall paper was showing wear &amp; tear.. and there was noticeable water damage &amp; black mold around the tub. Towels were standard motel quality - a disapointment.Rooms are not equipped with mini-bars.. which we thought was quite odd. No in-room safes either.High Speed internet worked very well (10.00 CAD @ day) but it is only available in 150 of the over 600 guest rooms.More french than english TV channels (normal for Montreal).. We were continually channel surfing for something in English to watch! No free movie channels.Excellent location.. walking distance to most tourist attractions.We ordered 6 beers from room service (3.59 CAD each).. but after taxes and fees.. these 6 beers cost 41.00 CAD!!! Front desk recommended the nearby 'Alto Pizza' - dont do it! was awful!We will be back.. but only if we can get the same 89.50 CAD rate.The Fairmont Queen Elizabeth is our first choice, but their standard 'Fairmont' rooms are considerably smaller than the Hyatt.	
Dec 7 2004	Can-Am guests be aware you will be Poorly treated	First let me mentionned that this has nothing to do with Can-AM. We were booked there as hockey guests for our biggest tournament ever entered. We traveled all the way from Rhode Island. First on arrival they could not take care of our luggage and we had to make numerous trip back and forth from our tour bus to the lobby (which is a lot of work considering this hotel layout). Some of us were able to find help. Upon checking in we came to find out that they had split our team onto different levels. Their explanation was that the rooms were not booked at the same time!!! (Bull) Upon talking to other hockey guests we came to realize that they had done this to ALL the TEAMS entering the Can-Am Tournament. Their SECURITY was on our tail the entire time. They were rude rude rude the entire time and would not even step aside if encountere in the lobby on in the hallway. The pool facility was open to 30 guests maximum and this of course include the people sitting down. The pool attendants were too busy to keep an eye on the kids (they were fixing their chairs and towels) so that us parents were left to stand on the outside watching our children through a glass bay. One good thing it the location. Please do your team a favor and pick a nice Holiday Inn in Pointe-Claire.	
Oct 28 2004	Probably the worst place I ever stayed at	Where to start? We stayed there last August, end of the month. I reserved via priceline and wished I bid lower.Regardless of what I paid, the most unpleasant part of our stay included drilling (yes, drilling) directy above our room at 7am. Most other guests at check-out were also venting their discontent, but the staff appeared tired of defending the hotel. It was not their fault, but nobody alerted guests that major renovations were going on.The rest of the room was very dreary and old. I suppose that was why the &quot;drilling&quot; was going on. I had a car, since I was there for business. I had to park across the street. It was inconvenient. There's an underground parking garage, I believe, but it was a lot more expensive. As a rule, don't get a car in Mtl unless you have to, and that's if you are lucky to get out of the misery of Dorval airport to your hotel.I am a former Montrealer and have seen this property change hands a number of times. This was also a Meridien and Westin at some point. The numerous changes cannot be a good sign.So yes, it was cheap, but I got what I paid for. One more note, I had breakfast in their restaurant the preceding Summer. One (1) waitress for a whole restaurant. Sub-par food as well; never thought you could screw up eggs. It's just a matter of time before the place changes hands again. Finally, I think the Mtl Hyatt Regency is only a reflection of the seediness found directly east on Ste. Catherine street. Don't go until they finish their renovations, and even then...	
Oct 22 2004	Hyatt Regency Montreal... not as bad as what you read	Why does this hotel receive bad reviews? I paid $53 per night (including tax) via Priceline. .. and would do it again without hestitation. No need paying for high-speed internet, as the lobby has wi-fi service for free.Access to the underground shopping, including an IGA grocery store. If you have never traveled to Montreal there is a 15% tax addded to virtually everything but grocery items. For those who are on a budget like myself, IGA was very helpful. Two metro stops are near by, one of which is underneath the hotel... if you don't mind the 5 minute walk to get there, which is not a bad thing after eating all the great food offered in Montreal.	
Oct 15 2004	WONDERFUL HOTEL 	I spent 5 days at this wonderful hotel in Sept. and loved every minute of my stay. I have traveled all over the world and this hotel was one of the best. I' m not sure why other people had problems, but we never encountered a rude staff member. They were eager to assist us by calling cabs and giving advise about the average cab fares. They booked boat cruises for us and provided great information about the area. The rooms were large, clean and well furnished. We had 2 beds with a coffee area, desk/chair ,and a chair by the window overlooking the downtown area. The location is perfect with a metro station in the next block. We walked most of the time because everything was so close. We enjoyed sipping coffee on late afternoons and evenings at the sidewalk cafes. There is a mall under the Hyatt with a food court and an IGA supermarket. There are all types of food establishments on every block in the downtown area and they serve more food that a country girl could eat. I will stay at the Hyatt-Montreal on every future trip.	
Oct 1 2004	Hyatt is Not As Bad as the Reviews I've Read	I just got back from a 5 night stay at this hotel and at first I was scared after reading reviews on here. This place was pretty good for me. I had no problems and I booked my room on Priceline and not once did they treat me differently. I had a quiet room and never heard any noise. The housekeeping staff is a little chintzy with the toiletries, they need a soap dish in the shower, and new pillows, but for the price I paid it was well worth it. I never had issues with either elevator (to get to rooms and the ones to the underground). This hotel is a great value if you can get a decent rate. The staff was friendly and the hotel is in a good location. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 8 2004	Pretty Bad	Here's what I think is GOOD about the hotel. The facility itself is nice and the location is good.The service is TERRIBLE. Examples:1. Room Service: Twice didn't get our order right and once there was hair in my food.2. Housekeeping: Didn't vaccuum, didn't have sheets that fit the king-sized bed, or at least didn't have fitted sheets so the bottom sheet always ended up halfway down the bed. Left us with no toilet paper or tissues and we had to call three times within 45 minutes to get some brought to us.3. Valets: We would sometimes be ignored while waiting to ask someone to get our car while the valets chatted. Sometimes while we were patiently waiting, someone would come after us and the valets would go to them first. Once the wrong car was brought to us.4. Concierge: Kept us on hold for over 10 minutes.5. Front desk: Tried to put over $1,000 US on hold even though we had PREPAID our room through priceline (which only totalled about $300 US). They never told us how they arrived at that amount since we had only spent about $500 US when they tried to put additional monies on hold (there wasn't enough room on our credit card). We gave them another credit card to hold the money on and although we paid cash when we checked out 5 DAYS AGO, they still haven't removed the holds from EITHER of our credit cards although we have repeatedly asked them to and they said they removed the first hold a week ago. Another problem we had with the front desk: Local calls are $1.25, but charges for internet service through a high speed modem are time-based. We called the front desk specifically to ask if we got online throug a LOCAL NUMBER, would we be charged $1.25 or would it be time-based. We were told it would only be $1.25. We specifically asked &quot;So, even if I stay online for an hour, it will only be $1.25?&quot; The answer... &quot;yes&quot;. Of course when we checked out this was not the case and we had to spend about 45 minutes at the front desk disputing the amounts and finally getting them removed.All I can say is BAD BAD BAD service.	
Sep 6 2004	Treated Like An Inferior Guest	I used priceline to book a room at The Hyatt Regency, Montreal. My impression is the staff at this hotel do not feel a priceline guest is really a guest of their hotel. I was made unwelcome from the beginning. I had confirmed a non smoking room with a king bed on the Hyatt web site. When I arrived I was told I was in a smoking room with a double bed. I informed the clerk I had confirmed my reservation for a king bed. He said, &quot;You booked on line, that's all we have.&quot; After much discussion I was offered my reservation but I had to wait an hour to get it. My bags were put in storage.I returned in an hour and got my room but my bags were locked in storage and no one had key to storage room. I was told my bags would be in my room in 5 minutes. I returned to front desk 20 minutes later and still no one could get me my bags. I told the staff that I needed my luggage immediately because I soon had a dinner date. I might as well of saved my breath, not one of the staff seemed to care that I could not get my bags. There was no sense of urgency. I asked for the manager, who promised to get the key to the storage room and have my luggage to my room in 5 minutes. Well I finally got my luggage but it was 20 minutes later. All said it took 2 1/2 hours to get my room and my luggage to my room.I would never have expected this sort of attitude from such a chain as the Hyatt. Needless to say I will avoid staying at this hotel again.	
Aug 30 2004	Not deserving of the Hyatt brand	Priceline bookers take heed: this hotel does not deserve its 4-star rating and they will treat you like a second-class visitor for using Priceline.I stayed at the Hyatt August 19-21, 2004 and was pretty disappointed. Despite requesting a king-size bed through my Hyatt Gold Passport, upon arrival I was told my husband and I would have a double bed. Not a double room but a double bed. The room itself, 722 if you're interested, is actually one-half of a suite and is not &quot;normal sized&quot;. In addition to a folding Murphy bed with a lumpy mattress, one thin quilt and two small pillows, it has a view of the roof-top airconditioning unit. We requested a cot and were told that 'it would not fit through the door.&quot; However, we arrived in the room and a cot was squeezed into the space between the folding bed and the window. The small, dark bathroom was clean but would not fit two people standing side by side. Two bath towels were provided, one hand towel and there were no robes as is standard Hyatt. The unhelpful front desk staff, the word imperious comes to mind, noted that because we had booked through priceline, there was nothing they could/would do. This refrain was repeated by the manager who, ultimately and very reluctantly agreed to move us to a normal sized room the following night. The elevator situation is ridiculous, requiring you to take one elevator from the underground to the lobby then up a small flight of stairs and around the corner to the rooms elevator. Makes sense from a security perspective but an inconvenient and time-consuming method. Elevators are busy at all hours of the day and evening so expect to wait.Internet charges are an insane $30/hour at the business centre and it doesn't appear to be high speed. If you're on a budget, traveling solo and want a safe, clean stay this might be your hotel. If you're expecting a Hyatt experience however, you're better off somewhere else.	
Aug 27 2004	not worthy of the Hyatt brand	Stayed here for two nights from August 19 -21. The positives: as many have already noted the location, especially if you plan to do a lot of walking, is excellent. The newly renovated pool is also very nice. Nothing else lives up to the expectations of a Hyatt Regency. The negatives: unwelcoming front desk staff, slow elevators (plus you have to take one up to the reception area and another to your room), drab decor, indifferent concierge, one computer with a slow internet connection in the &quot;business center&quot;, and dated washrooms. We booked our room through Priceline and were forced to accept something that at best could be described as a non-standard room, and at worst, a good size closet. It was one half of a business suite and it was furnished with an alleged double size murphy bed! There is no way two normal size people could ever comfortably sleep on that bed. When we complained about the ridiculous accommodations we were informed that the hotel was fully booked, and besides we had prepaid through priceline. It was only after a lengthy discussion with the manager that the hotel reluctantly agreed to move us to a normal room the next night. I recognize that you give up some choice for savings when you use priceline, but that does not mean that a hotel should be allowed to place you in a makeshift room that no directly booking guest would ever accept. It is shameful for a hotel carrying a brand as respected as the Hyatt Regency to even consider placing guests in inadequate rooms, regardless of how the reservation was made.	
Aug 16 2004	Fantastic Location	Just got back from Montreal and stayed at the HYatt, Montreal. This location is perfect! Sits right on top of the underground city, we could actually walk underground to within two blocks of the old city so weather was never a problem. Sits on top of subway line so we could get anywhere in the city within minutes. Went to an Expos game one night and never went outside. Down elevator to subway and came up underneath Olympic stadium--fantastic. Parked car in garage and never touched it. PArking garage is safe and secure--and immaculate. Hey one hint--dont pay high priced restaurant charges in Hotel, eat downstairs in food court, esp. if you have kids, we saved a fortune.	
Aug 12 2004	Location Location Location.	The only good thing about this hotel is location. Walking distance to Vieux Montreal, Basilica, Chinatown, etc. You only need to take the car out one day for Biodome, Botanica Garden, and Olympic Park. Parking is $7 on weekends and $24 for week days.About the hotel - Located above the mall &quot;Complexe Desjardins&quot;, the rooms is old and small. We had three rooms reserved for early August. We requested double beds and non-smoking rooms but did not get them. All of our three rooms were smoking rooms, single pull-down full size bed, which barely sleeps two. The room is smaller than my closet at home. It has the cheapie mattress similar to the sofa bed type and it folds into the wall when not being used. We called to request additional roll-away bed for each room and it took them over an hour to deliver the beds, well over 1AM. The carpet smells and old. The hair dryer looked like it was from 1960 with only one low speed. After 5 minutes of drying, my daughter's hair still wet and the handle started to heat up. Only 1 of our 3 rooms had a coffee maker. The furniture at the lobby is old and wear out. To be fair, I did like a few things from this hotel that worth mentioning. The water pressure in the shower was great. Strong and never run out of hot water. Two of our rooms has great city view, but was noisy from the music festival during that week. We also liked the clean indoor pool, and the mall's food court is downstairs which made it very convenience to grab a quick bite.Bottom line. The hotel needs to be updated with new furnitures, carpet, hair dryer, better mattress, and bigger room. Otherwise, it should not have the Hyatt name.	
Jul 25 2004	July 2004 great location.	Great downtown location, you can walk to many attractions. Traffic is a pain during the time people travel to work, leave your car. Parking is $18 a day canadian, but this is a major city and downtown location, so that's par. Cabs are everywhere. The room was nice although there were some unpainted plaster repairs on the walls, might bother some people. Nice bathroom. Got it for about $64/night on hotwire.  Overall, a good value and a nice place to see the downtown from during the day, and retreat to with the one you love at night........	
Jan 26 2004	avoid this place if you can		
Dec 31 2003	The Good and the Bad		
Oct 9 2003	Excellent location and much more		
Sep 23 2003	great location		
Aug 28 2003	Loved the Wyndham		
Aug 10 2003	Comfortable in a great location but understaffed		
Jun 23 2003	Wyndham Montreal - Thumbs up!		
Apr 10 2003	Comfortable hotel in a great location		
Dec 6 2002	Wyndham very good		
Sep 17 2002	Wyndham: Very Pleasant		
Oct 9 2009 	???????????????		
Aug 11 2009 	Décevant pour ce genre d'hôtel		
Jul 30 2009 	Excellent hôtel		
Jul 6 2009 	?????		
Nov 23 2008	Minimum de services		
Oct 10 2008	Muy bien		
Sep 16 2008	Che bello abbronzarsi nel centro di Montreal		
Jul 27 2008 	emplacement idéal - bon séjour		
Aug 24 2007 	Bon rapport qualité prix - rien d'exceptionnel mais très correct		
