	Better than expected	I stayed here on a Priceline rate and had good experience. First off, they put me on the 32nd floor with one of the best views of Montreal I've had. (Those of us who are Priceline regulars usually expect something on a low floor with a view of the parking lot.)Second, the bed was fantastic.Third, you are right on top of the Metro.Yes, the room was dated and the lobby seems a bit fuddy-duddy if you're under 40. But overall, I would not mind staying here again.	
Nov 19 2009 	Old-fashioned out-dated comfortable.	I stayed here two nights with my boyfriend. If we hadn't gotten a deal I would have felt ripped off, although the location was convenient. The lobby area is set up nicely, but the rooms are small and the TVs are old. For what people pay, you'd think it'd be more up-to-date. Pros: Location! Connected to the metro and underground city...although many hotels are. The staff was very friendly and quite helpful. The towels and linens appeared to be almost new (although one might argue that towels and such in decent shape would be REQUIRED in a 4 star hotel...). The view was nice, and the elevators were fast. Cons: There was what appeared to be a water stain on our ceiling, perhaps from the bathroom above? The stain was in the bedroom. The tub AND sink did not drain properly, and no one likes to stand in a pool of (cooling) water as they shower. The maid service was good, I've worked as a housekeeper at a 3-star hotel and typically know what to look for. For fun, I usually check the tops of picture frames to see what kind of dust was there. We were always told to do this where I worked. There was SO much dust it fell in clumps all over the bed! I was surprised. I recommend...IF you get a deal and aren't looking for anything too fancy.	
Nov 15 2009 	Bland for a 4 star	Stayed two nights, nothing wrong with the hotel at all, just that is is outdated and therefore feels overpriced. Good location.	
Oct 10 2009 	A Tired Lady :-(	As you step into the Marriott Chateau Champlain you can feel the history of this once Gem of the Canadian Pacific Hotel. About 13 years ago Ocean Properties of Portsmouth NH purchased this property and added it to the Marriott International Chain. As a typical Marriott customer I was excited to see that Marriott was finally adding quality hotels in Canada to their portfolio.We 13 years have passed and this hotel has become old and tired. This &quot;Lady&quot; needs a facelift. Unfortunately it does not make the list of my top hotels. The wall paper is peeling in rooms, the rugs in the hall are fading, the wood in the elevator is chipped and the staff is not too happy about it. According to one of the employees, the ownership has recently opened up a brand new Westin in Montreal and is paying all their attention to that property.How sad that after so many years as a CP hotel and then one of the first Marriotts in Canada this property is being left to become run down and tired. Even the Sheraton across the way went thru a major renovation last year... I think it is time for this property to become competitive like it used to be.	
Oct 9 2009 	Not up to date in presentation but good service	Hotel entrance was very grand but smelled like cleaning products consistently; the rooms were very old and out of date; rooms didnt have a dvd player and had a very old school tv; bathroom looked very homey, nothing elegant or beautfiul; it was clean; fair service; located in a central area in montreal; nothing really great or bad about the hotel; average compared to the other 4 to 5 star hotels ive stayed at. rooms really need to be renovated.	
Oct 8 2009 	Staff was excellent	Staff was great. Hotel was centrally located, clean and reasonable priced.	
Sep 26 2009 	Platinum member recommends	Clean, quick check in, great location, standard business services, access to underground tunnels to shops and metro – bay windows in room helped with great views.	
Sep 7 2009 	Finally... our dream hotel.	We visit Montreal quite regularly and a stay at the Chateau Champlain has been our dream for many years. We received an excellent rate from Travelzoo and stayed at this hotel for a night on our way back from Quebec City. The hotel, built during the late 1960s is architecturally special. It is a tall. slender, graceful building with unique semi-circular windows. Inside it retains vestiges of the 'old' grand hotel fittings (high, vaulted ceilings, woods, brass) but is warm and inviting. The rooms are beautiful and beds very comfortable. We especially liked the separate anteroom which contained dressers and closet space. Beds were comfortable but we wish the double bed was a larger queen bed. Very well located, polite friendly staff. Be careful about parking: if you want in and out privileges, take the valet option.	
Sep 5 2009 	Great Hotel !	I stayed at this hotel last month and I cannot say how well the staff was good at this hotel. I would highly recommend this hotel. It is very close to Train station, Bell Center and off course shopping.	
Sep 2 2009 	GREAT GREAT Hotel	I'll keep this very brief....I have NO idea what the complainers are talking about. There is nothing wrong with this hotel at all. It is a beautiful hotel in a great location. It sits on a Metro stop which is so convenient. The hotel offers great views of the city, is close to everything and in the middle of downtown. The service is amazing from check in, room service, concereige....everything! We loved this place and will definately go back.The ONLY thing I can fault the hotel on is the somewhat dated rooms and that's really pushing it. The rest of the hotel is beautiful, but the rooms could use a bit of a makeover, but are still very nice. Do NOT hesitate in booking this hotel.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great location with very friendly helpful staff!	I picked this hotel based on the reviews that I read on this site. The location is great! The best way to see Montreal is through its' metro system and this hotel served as a great location for doing just that. It is just 2 stops from Old Montreal and walking distance to some very hip restaurants. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. I was pleasantly surprised by the gift I received when we checked in. Yes it was a grab by local shops to spend money at their stores but the thought was very nice. The concierge and door man were very helpful with suggestions of restaurants and how to get to sites. We did not eat at the hotel but the rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable. The pool was a great size for our family and it was a nice touch to have an actual guard/attendant on duty. I will agree it is in need of a face lift as it is a bit out dated and the carpet is getting worn. But for us the price, location and friendly staff made our stay in Montreal very emjoyable.	
Aug 29 2009 	Good Location Good Service	Hotel directly connects to Metro system via lift and underground walkway. It is only 2 metro stops from Chinatown, and 4 metro stops from Berri-Uqam. Only 3 blocks south of St Katherine shopping street. So you can easily walk there in less than 10 min. The hotel is a bit old with a very small swimming pool (not as big as it is shown on the website). However, its location is so nice that I will stay here again for my next trip to Montreal.	
Aug 28 2009 	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed at this hotel for four nights. Upon arrival, the room had a distinct perfumey smell, but we complained and the maid promptly switched to cleaners without fragrance. The rooms need renovation, but we got a decent price, so can't complain. The location is very good, and the service was very good, with very helpful maids, concierge, and front desk. You can buy tickets for some attractions at the concerge desk, which was super convenient and saved us waits in ticket lines. There is a Sarbucks in the lobby, but the better deal is down the hall from Starbucks at a small cafeteria where you can get two full breakfasts (eggs, breakfast meat, toast, hash browns, drink) for the price of two coffees and pastries at Starbucks. Every morning we checked with the Concierge about how to get to our sights for the day by metro, and she was always very helpful about telling us which lines to take and where to get off. No car is necessary to see most of the sights.	
Aug 22 2009 	Decent Option Good Staff	Stayed here on points as a layover on a long drive from Quebec City. Paid an upgrade fee for a junior suite on an upper floor which was well worth it.The location is very good if you want to be near Catherine, Peel, and Crescent Streets and the party scene. Not very convenient to Old Montreal and the immediate area is a bit seedy if you are staying with a young family.The hotel handles large crowds well, very fast elevators which is important for a high rise. I found the staff very friendly, competent, and efficient. Room service was also fast and friendly. As the other reviews pointed out, the rooms and lobby are a bit dated. Typical of a lot of city hotels, including smaller room size. Free wifi also a plus.Bottom line is you can probably do better in Montreal, but also much worse. Depending on the price you can get and your circumstances, it could be a good option.	
Aug 22 2009 	VERY disappointed	My husband and I stayed at the Marriott Chateau for the last two nights of our honeymoon. The first three nights we were at the W Montreal which surpassed all of our expectations. Our room was upgraded to a suite on the top floor overlooking the park and everything was top-notch. We're loyal to the Starwood brand (W, Sheraton, Westin) but wanted to be a bit closer to the center of the city which is why we chose to switch hotels. I will never make that mistake again.This is by far the worst Marriott I have ever stayed at. This hotel is very old and dated (think curved shower curtain rod and a very dated television). When you're spending $200+ a night for a room, I expect only the best--not a clogged bathtub drain that had you wading in ankle-high water and a mattress that had you howling in pain because of its stiffness. We were promised &quot;free&quot; wireless internet, but the connection was so poor that I was only able to log on for a few minutes at a time. And no upgrade for us. We never expect a room upgrade, but it would have been nice to have a room on one of the higher floors since this was such a special occassion for us.Beware of the coffee makers in the room. My husband left with two stained dress shirts as the lids to the disposable coffee cups aren't made to size and fall off. Ridiculous! As was the inoperable remote control. The battery must have been dead--you think they would check these things periodically to make sure everything is the best it can be for their guests.Along with all of this, the service here is fair at best. When we walked up to the front entrance with our bags no one approached us to help us in. The three bellmen simply stood there and talked amongst themselves. Wow, what a change from the W where we were constantly being helped or greeted. Maybe the Marriott should take a lesson in customer service from them! There are hundreds of hotels in Montreal that will better meet your needs. Unless the Marriott is paying you to stay here, beware!	
Aug 20 2009 	Great staff great location slightly dated decor	As many other reviewers have pointed out, the decor is old and the rooms are on the small side. But as I was traveling alone with my 2.5yr old daughter, that was good news to me. Did she spill pizza sauce on the duvet cover and rug? Yes. Did she then spill an entire shaker of salt on the pizza sauce stain? Yes. Did she spill hot chocolate on both those stains the next morning? Yes. Did any of this matter? No. It was a huge relief to me to know the stains would probably go away once the hotel did a remodel. She loved the pool, although I wished there was at least a small shallow end for my sanity's sake, and she loved pushing the elevator buttons. The fact that we could get on the Metro from the lobby was also a plus since it meant less walking through traffic. The concierge was incredibly nice and helpful in identifying age-appropriate activities for us, and the room service was delivered relatively quickly, and I received a follow-up call to make sure everything was as ordered. When I called the front desk to ask about a DVD player to connect to the room tv, he was polite and honest and apologized when he told me the rental price was more than what it would cost to buy a new one. (Note: bring your own portable DVD player). The only weak link was the housekeeping staff who took over an hour to bring an extra blanket, but that may have been that one staff member. Overall, a really enjoyable visit with a great staff and a great rate. I would absolutely stay here again, and recommend to anyone except honeymooners.	
Aug 17 2009 	OK - expected much more	My husband and I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Marriott Chateau Champlain. We were both in Montreal on business, and are both frequent travellers and frequently stay at Marriotts. And, we were both expecting a lot more from the full-service Marriott in Montreal.Pros:-- full service, has Starbucks in lobby-- near the Bell Centre, 10 minutes walk from Rue Sainte-Catherine and 20 minutes walk from Rue Crescent-- we had a room with a view of the park across the street-- friendly concierge-- free Wifi-- decent size gym and small but nice indoor poolCons:-- dated room, on the small side (poor lighting in bathroom)-- about a 20 minute walk from Old Montreal, where we ate most meals-- Wifi was flaky at timesAs I wrote out the list of pros, I can see that my full impression of the hotel was dominated by the outdated decor of the room. Given the many other fancy, boutique hotels in Montreal (we stayed at the Hotel Nelligan on our previous visit), I think that the Marriott needs to catch up. I might try the Courtyard next time if I want to stick with a Marriott property.	
Aug 14 2009 	Excellent location with a friendly and helpful staff.	This hotel is in a terrific location in downtown Montreal. The metro and undergound shopping are accessible directly beneath the hotel. Many terrific sites are withing easy walking distance of the front door. My daughter had an urge to see a movie and a 22 theater cinema is located 3 short blocks away. The hotel is showing its age but it is well maintained and the friendly and helpful staff rendered this fact moot. My frequent business travel takes me to Marriott hotels in many locations and this staff is among the best I have experienced. It also provides one of the few full service Marriott's I have encountered with free internet access and includes a well run concierge lounge. I will definitely stay here again on my next trip to Montreal.	
Aug 11 2009 	Nice Stay Good Location Downtown Helpful and Kind Staff	Our 2 day stay was great. Very helpful in getting you around town and Old Montreal. Metro system underneath hotel. Underground city underneath hotel. Room was clean and nicely decorated. Clean bathroom. Great valet service. Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great hotel in the heart of the city	If the price is right, you can't beat this hotel. I've noticed the pricing of this place varies wildly, sometimes you can get a better deal at a nicer hotel, but more often than not this hotel offers the best bang for your buck. First off, the location is phenominal. Right on top of the metro, easy walk to St. Catherine/Sherbrooke streets, easy walk to the nightlife on Crescent (go listen to my friends Solstice play at Hurleys!), and Old Montreal/Lower Plateau is even walkable on a nice day (or a quick ride on the metro). Rooms are very nice, a few things are a tad dated but are well kept and very clean. Beds are very comfortable. Staff has always been nice, especially the concierge.	
Aug 3 2009 	There is nothing wrong with this hotel	after reading some of the reviews of this hotel, i was a bit hesitant to stay there. just goes to prove that you can't satisfy everyone. there is nothing wrong with this hotel! we have travelled quite a bit and like to stay in the nicest place we can afford. at $129 through travelzoo, this hotel was well worth the money. we had a wonderful view from our 31st floor room, comfy king size bed, and had no problem with any noise. we did not try the restaurant, but although a bit pricey for our budget, the menu looked fantastic. i have no idea why anyone would say the lobby looked &quot;tired&quot;?? it was immaculate, staff very friendly and helpful also. we would not hesitate to stay there again as long as we got another great deal like we did. another major plus: the metro runs directly under this hotel, making getting around super easy. especially nice on rainy days.	
Aug 1 2009 	Aging good value convenient	This hotel is showing its age and a bit of recession cost-cutting. We had two stays with durations of 1 day and 3 days. We preferred to stay downtown with a short walk to the old town. Rooms were dated, furniture scratched, non-working &quot;free&quot; internet, noisy doors that slam shut, cracked sink. Main big plus of this hotel is the Bonaventure Metro access directly from the lobby, and a short underground walk to the train station and underground Montreal. Plus the prices were a bit below hotels in this class and convenience.Service was excellent in the concierge lounge, where we enjoyed good cont. breakfasts - ample and varied (fruit, meats, cheese, lox etc). The hotel staff is apparently well aware of the poor/non-existent wireless internet connection. They had excuses aplenty, and it may be why the internet service is free in this Marriott. Then I found out that some rooms have ethernet/T1 connections, which worked fine after we changed locations. Be sure to request one of these rooms if you need a web connection. Withoutthe internet hassle, I would rank the service as a 4. No nearby restaurants of note, but a short metro ride to the Sherbrooke Station will take you to two our favs - L'Express and Pied de Cochon.Biking in Montreal is an urban marvel and is the best way to learn the city's layout. For all the bikers or beginners, get yourself down to Ça Roule Montréal in the Old Port, 27 de la Commune East. Plenty of flat and hilly options from there.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great view...but outdated	This hotel was built for EXPO67 (so says the plaque out front). It looks as though they have tried to update the common areas, but havent given much thought to updating the rooms. Wouldnt have stayed here had we not got a great deal with Travelzoo (150CAD/night inc. all taxes/fees). Room was otherwise spacious and clean.Front desk was friendly - found the bellmen too pushy though (as soon as we pulled up, they took our bags out of trunk - no option to just park ourselves in front of hotel, and check in). Very close to the hussle and bussle of downtown, but not loud.	
Jul 21 2009 	Outdated needs remodeling	For what I paid to stay here, I was very disappointed. The rooms are very outdated and a major renovation to the rooms are needed here.We had a man try to get into our room at 2:30 in the morning. When we called the front desk, they told us he does this every weekend and gets confused where his room is.Ate the buffet breakfast in the hotel restaurant and it was very good.	
Jul 19 2009 	Good hotel in central location	Good attentive check in. Room was fine, spacious and very clean. Bathroom just a little tired, but otherwise good. Service was good and the staff I met all smiled were attentive. Good value and I would recommend the location.	
Jul 18 2009 	Excellent Location Great Service	Before our arrival, I emailed the hotel to confirm our reservations and request our rooms [4 rooms with 15 family members all together] to be close to each other and Herve Lecault [of Reservations] took care of that .We were happy that our rooms were almost next to each other. We wanted a Quebec City tour arranged, emailed the Concierge few days before our arrival and Pierrette Page [Concierge] took care of that. People at the front desk, Bell Boys, etc...were very helpful.Location of the hotel is walking distance to everything. Few blocks from St. Catherine Street [major shopping, restaurants areas], 20-30 min. walk to Old Montreal, Notre Dame Basilica and Chinatown. Access to Underground City and the Metro is right behind the Concierge desk. They have a decent swimming pool and fitness center. The rooms were clean and had great beds/linens.We're very happy that we took the 12-hr Quebec City tour. It was well worth the $70 [per person] that we paid. It was about 3 hr bus ride each way from Montreal. Quebec City was just so pretty and very rich in culture. It's a must see. Old Montreal is another one that you don't want to miss. I recommend that you take a Montreal City tour on your first day so you can pick the places you need to go back to on the following days during your stay.Eating out in Montreal is expensive and unlike Toronto, they only take Canadian $. Don't exchange your money at the airport, go to Old Montreal or Downtown Montreal to get a good deal. Regarding restaurants: Guido &amp; Angelina [Italian] had decent food so as 3 Brasseurs in Old Montreal BUT Alexandre [French] on Peel Street is one restaurant to AVOID-food was mediocre, expensive and service was very slow.For souvenir shopping, there's plenty of shops in Old Montreal area, especially the ones close to Notre Dame Basilica. You can even find Quebec City items from this places.We had a great time and we plan to go back...	
Jul 17 2009 	Great Time	I went with a group of 6. We had a great time. The Concierge was very helpful and printed out maps when we asked how to get to a certain place. We had breakfast in the restaurant but never tried the nicer restaurant. It is very conveniently located and we never ran out of things to do. Be sure and visit Quebec City while you are there. It is even more beautiful than Montreal. We went by train and paid $134.00 per person. That seemed a little steep and there might be a less expensive way to go. It was a three hour trip and very well worth it! The shopping in Quebec was extraordinary! I can't say anything negative about the hotel. It was all very nice. The people were friendly and I would not hesitate to go back. We were on the 16th floor and had a really neat view of some other pretty buildings in the area. Out friend had an awesome view of the St. Lawrence River. Take a double decker bus tour....relatively cheap and very interesting.	
Jul 11 2009 	Old	As soon as you get in to the lobby you will start thinking &quot;why did I pick this hotel.&quot; The hotel needs a lot of remodeling. The carpet in the hallways and rooms is dirty, the desk chairs inside my room were shinny from the dirt and the bathroom looked like it hadn't been renovated in at least 30 years. The TV inside my room was older than me and it only had a few channels. The same goes with the sheets from the bed, they had holes from over washing and over use. Breakfast is super expensive and believe is not worth it. The only highlight from the hotel is its location, other than that for its price its not worth it. Try the Hilton or the InterContinental they are better choices.	
Jul 8 2009 	Not the service I expected!	So I stayed in this hotel on the 4th of July weekend 2009, with my fiancé and another couple. When I checked in they told us they had no double bed rooms available so we had to stay in a one bed room and had to ask for a cot. When we walked into the room someone else's things were already there, so I called to change rooms which they did quickly. The second room's bathtub was clogged because the water wouldn't go down the drain. We switched to a double room for the second night. The day we were leaving I had called to ask for the car which we parked Valet, we waited outside for 45 minutes and when we finally asked the valet clerk where our car was, they told us that they &quot;never received the call&quot;, there was obvious lack of communication between the operator and the valet clerk (also between housekeeping and the front desk because of the room that was given to us which was already booked). The location of this hotel is great though, we were able to leave our car parked and walked everywhere or took the metro. I was excited to stay at this hotel but was disappointed, so it isn't likely that I stay here again. I am sorry but I did not take any pictures of the hotel.	
Jul 7 2009 	Nice Marriott - good access to Montreal	We just returned from a great trip to Canada. Five of the eight nights we were there were in Montreal at this Marriott. We were upgraded to the 31st floor with a spectacular lofty view of the city (my Wife stays at lots of Marriotts) This is a very busy Marriott, and as another reviewer recently noted - they host high school functions, which can make it even busier. Access to downtown Montreal is great from this Marriott - there is a Metro station directly underneath it, and you can get into the &quot;underground&quot; through the Metro station. In fact, for those travellers who really want to know how to get back to the Marriott through the underground , I'd recommend starting from the Marriott instead of trying to find your way back to it from somewhere else in the city ! We had both great and so-so service from the staff at this hotel. While the concierges are generally friendly (and bilingual) , we did encounter one with &quot;L'attitude&quot;. She seemed to be just too busy to help. On the flip side, we had a server in the restaurant one morning who was fantastic. We were in Montreal for Canada Day (July 1st) and enjoyed the wonderful Canadian festivities, including a great parade. Most of the Montreal locals we met were super friendly. While there we saw the gargantuan botanical gardens and insectarium - both of which were fun and interesting. We also brought our rollerblades as we heard about good biking/rollerblading in the city. We went out to I'sle Notre Dame to the formula one track via twice during our visit for rollerblading. The first time we skated from the waterfront along the LaChine Canal trail - this was a mistake as the trail is rather hazardous on blades (it would be fine on a bike). The pavement is uneven in some section and the bridges are downright dangerous. We found that taking the Metro to/from the island was the way to go. You can board right under the Marriott on the Orange line, switch to the yellow line and it's the next stop. About a 30 minute ride including switching trains. Rollerblading on the track was a unique experience - you've just got to be careful of the bikers who are blazing past. The Montreal Casino is on this island too - probably the cleanest Casino I've ever seen , both inside and outside. I don't think smoking is permitted. The gardens on the outside of the Casino are immaculate. We also went to the Montreal Jazz Festival during our vist which runs the first two weeks in July. Saw Jamie Cullum and Chris Botti at La Place des Arts. Both concerts were great. The free concerts were fine too - although be prepared to stand. Just an FYI - the Place des Arts is accessible via the Metro and through the underground if the weather isn't good.We ate at several restaurants during our stay. The 3 Brassileurs (?) restaurants around town are a dependable lunch spot as are the many cafes in the old city. We also ate one night at La Montee (de Lait) which was much more expensive than I ever imagined for such little food. The presentation was elegant and it was probably one of the trendiest restuarants we've ever visited. In general be prepared to spend $60 - $80 USD on an inexpensive meal at any restaurant in town, and $120 - $200 (and up) at some of the really swank places.This Marriott is an older Marriott than most, and it seems to be very, very busy in the summer.	
Jul 3 2009 	Ordinary	I'm reading all the enthusiastic reviews and am wondering if we're talking about the same hotel.. This hotel is ok, I had no major issue, but I would probably not stay there again.  First of all if you stay there during May-June-July be aware that the hotel hosts high-school graduation parties. These are very, very loud. The vibration from the music was too much to be able to sleep, you had to wait for the party to be over. Fortunately not every night was like that. Rooms are quite smaller than at most other hotels. It's a bit hard to explain but the room layout is a bit particular. There is a small area between the bathroom and the bedroom with a miror and a space to store your suitcases. While this is nice it has eaten up valuable room space. Water stains on the ceiling -- no big deal. Ridiculously priced parking. Other than that not bad. Good location. Nice view. Comfortable bed. Very pleased with the staff also.	
Jun 22 2009 	not bad...	Decent overall.Pros: the view, location, bed, valuecons: some items in the room are old and need an upgrade: showerhead, TV, etc. to their credit, when we called the front desk to ask for service on these, they responded quickly and well.	
May 27 2009 	Very good but not four stars	I've stayed over memorial day weekend with friends. Pros:Location - you are close to St. Catherine and the old twonMetro Stop right under the hotelFree WifiView from the Room - especially on the higher floorService - no problems, excellentValueVery quiet at nightCons:Generic feel (like most other hotel chains)One of clean towels had &quot;burn marks&quot; if you know what I mean, but ok it could happen to anyoneRooms a bit smaller than usualToo many kids around the poolThe hotel does have a bit of the generic 3* hotel feel. It is not bad, just nothing special, and very little character. To be quiet honest, I've stayed in the Courtyard Marriott in Montreal too and this is very similar to it in terms of luxury. The only reason I've booked this is to dodge the drunk college kids, but instead got stuck with families with little children playing at the pool and senior citizens.I can recommend this hotel, but next time will probably look for boutique hotel. Free Wifi was nice, but parking was $24 (valet) and $18/night garage.	
May 25 2009 	Excellent location	We recently stayed at this hotel for three nights, over the memorial day weekend. We got a good rate using our AAA discount on the Marriott web site. The large window overlooking the city was fantastic and gave the room a larger feel; of course having a high floor did help.We certainly liked the fact that finally some hotel has decided to include internet access as part of the room rate. The hotel has a decent size pool, which our kids enjoyed, with available floats and warm water temperature. There is also a nice workout room and a hot tub.This hotel is very close to St Catherine street and a number of excellent restaurants ( we tried ShoDan and Le Taj). The central station and metro are also right there, in fact the metro is underneath the hotel.The staff is extremely pleasant and this hotel has the fastest service I have ever had. We called for some things from the room service and from house-keeping and they were there pronto.Overall, an excellent stay, close to attractions and well worth the money.	
May 1 2009 	Excellent stay!	I'm giving this hotel 5 stars because I don't have anything negative to say about it!We stayed on the 16th floor and had a room with 2 double beds. We weren't in the room all that much but it was big enough for 4 girls, their luggage, and shopping bags! I thought it was nice that there were 3 chairs in the room - 1 at the desk and 2 at a small table. Often there's only 1 chair, or none at all. The beds were extremely comfortable. The best part was the &quot;dressing room&quot; outside of the bathroom. There's a full length mirror, closet, and drawers and you can shut a slatted door to close this area off from the rest of the bedroom.The staff was very friendly and helpful. We had an excellent bellman (I think his name was Patrice) who gave us great shopping advice. We had the buffet breakfast both mornings and the staff there was also friendly.Having the Metro station underneath the hotel is also very convenient. Parking was a bit pricey ($18/night) but to be expected in downtown Montreal. We were only a few blocks from St. Catherine and Crescent street which was nice.Overall I was very happy with this hotel and would stay there again. I'll point out that our room and breakfasts were free so I can't comment on value for money since we didn't have to pay for anything. That being said, I would pay to stay here based on the service we received.	
Apr 27 2009 	Nice hotel best location near the Bell Centre	Last February I went to Montréal to attend one of Céline Dion's show in the Taking Changes World tour. I've always wanted to go to Canada and this seemed a nice way to spend a couple of days in this lovely country. A couple of weeks before my traveldate I noticed some very decent fares through a Belgian travelagency (Connections). With flights less then 400 EUR return I couldn't let this slip. The same agency had also a decent load of hotels in Montréal and after some reading I actually ended up booking the Marriot Chateau Champlain. This hotel is located across the Bell Centre and can be reached through a underground passage directly from the Hotel.The staff of the hotel was very friendly although I first thought they tried to rip me of. When I checked in I was asked for a security deposit, we agreed onto a deposit of 200 CAD which is quite reasonable for me. I had booked the cheapest rate I could find, less then 80 EUR per night for this 4 star hotel. At the desk I asked if there was a room available with a view (knowing that I was originally located on one of the first floors above ground). I ended up on the 31st floor with a very nice view of Montréal (to bad the weather wasn't to nice). After a while I found out that the minibar was locked. Back at the counter they asked for another security deposit to use the key... Another 100 CAD and the key was given to me...During the next couple of days I had a very pleasant stay at this hotel. The rooms were very clean, the bed was very nice and I realy slept very well (wich I normally can't do in strange beds). The sheets were also very clean and were not showing any wear. The only problem was some form of static electricity in some of the pillows, don't know how it came but some of the pillows where loaded with static electrity creating &quot;nice&quot; tiny blue sparks in the night. The room itself was more then spacious enough and had a nice desk wich I used to work with my laptop. Free internet was also provided and had a decent speed.The badroom was rather small but also very clean. Yes, it is showing it's age but as long if everything is clean and decent maintained I really don't bother that the shower sheet is a sheet somewhere from the past decade... Water was hot and had a decent pressure (sometimes a problem on higher rooms).Also the restaurants had nice food. Not to cheap but it was definately worth the money.To end this review I definately would stay again at the Marriot Chateau Champlain when visiting Montréal in the next years. It was a very pleasant stay...	
Apr 26 2009 	A good place to stay if the Habs are playing	We stayed here for four nights (in fact, I am writing this from our room). It is located at a pretty good location. The hotel is at the bottom of Rue Peel and you have to go up (not too steep) it, for many sites and food. Still, there are also many things going on to the east that are a relatively easy walk.The lobby is a relaxing place to sit. The free wireless internet lets you work on your computer and enjoy the hustle and bustle (while drinking your favourite Starbucks beverage, from down the hall). The staff were very good and friendly. On weekdays, there are several small restaurants in the hotel but some are closed (early) on the weekend. The rooms are well appointment but a little dated. The internet in our room was slow but after filling in the online comment form, I got a quick response (from the system’s administrator and the internet). There didn’t seem to be an RJ45 jack to plug into. So, if you don’t have a wireless equipped computer, you might want to check into this. TV has limited channels and very limited English ones. The remote worked but not very well. They did have all the channels listed (plus some that didn’t work).Bathroom shower was great but it got stuck on hot, the first day. Maintenance came up and explained the problem and how to avoid it reoccurring. I think that they need to just change the plumbing fixtures. I noticed that the ceiling is starting to peel away. They may want to address this as well. The noise from the hall (doors closing) can be very disturbing.Overall, a pleasant stay in Montreal.	
Mar 28 2009 	Nice Hotel	This is a very, very nice hotel.The people were great. The rooms were very nice. The architecture of this building is cool, in a mid-century modern way. The Concierge Lounge was nice, save the fact that like all Marriott properties it appears the lounge offerings have been dialed down because of the economy.My favorite part: the hotel is located above a subway station. Not that you heard noise, but it was easy to jump on the elevator and get on the train without having to go outside. Montreal has a subway system that is as good as the Paris system and better than NYC's. Getting around the city from this hotel is so, so easy. The view from the room was very nice. The windows curve outward, so you get more view that you would ordinarily get. You can see a full 180 degrees. The bathroom, TV and electronics have been recently updated. Unlike most Marriott's, this hotel has free Internet access. (All Marriotts should have free access.) The bed and bedding is top notch. The workout area is a step up from the usual. All in all, I recommend this hotel.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great customer service...	Great location and value for your money. And the service was very good. My room wasn't cleaned when I checked in, which wasn't a big deal as I was just dropping off my bags to head to a meeting. I let the front desk know and forgot about it. When I returned later that evening, the manager had sent a complimentary cheese tray along with a small bottle of Port, by way of apology. This wasn't expected...and I was very impressed. Kudos to the staff.	
Jan 27 2009 	Great rate great room	We loved this hotel. The accomodations were above average. The bed was very comfortable and the room was relaxing. The best part was the view! Request a high floor. We were on the 21st floor and I took a photo from the room out towards the square each night, as the light changed. I have about 20 of them. Another great thing, was the train, Metro, comes right into the ground floor of the hotel. Each day we would plan our trip, and head downstairs, and go to our destination. The people who worked at the train were very helpful. We saved tons of money this way and were able to get everywhere in the city that we wanted t go. The front desk and conceierge were as well, they had many good ideas on what to do.Skip the bar of you want to eat. A plate of nachos and two drink costs about $40! The best thing about Montreal is the food, and there are so many restaurants, you should get one dish to split at one so you can go to another and taste something else. There are many restaurants and pubs in walking distance.	
Jan 25 2009 	Just takes ONE to ruin it for everyone	I was at this hotel b/c they had an agreement with the NHL for the All Star game. Overall, everyone was fantastic. The room was wonderful &amp; super comfortable. The staff was helpful and the connection to the metro was great for getting around town. Unfortunately it only takes one to ruin it for all. The last night we came back to the hotel for dinner b/c of an early departure the next morning. We arrived before all of the Hockey people from the game on purpose. There were a few other patrons in the hotel bar. The server, Marc, came over 5 times to take our drink order, and managed to only bring 2 drinks for 3 people. He seemed to think it was funny. We politely reminded him, and no drink. He even left his server tray on our table for over an hour. We specifically told him we were VERY hungry. He took our order 3 times, along with us reminding him that we still needed our 3rd drink after sitting there for 30 minutes. We ordered 2 club sandwiches and 2 French Onion Soups. We never received our 3rd drink. We sat for over an hour and never received our food. We had to go to the bar to order more drinks. Finally another table in our area complained and got a manager. She proceeded to attempt to assist the tables, but did nothing except take complaints. The place proceeded to get packed and every table had issues with Marc. One table told him to his face and he laughed at them. The manager finally brought us our food an hour and 1/2 after we had ordered it and the food was cold. We sat for another 30 minutes before she brought us our food back and brought us the same food from before after it had been sitting under a hot lamp for that 30 mintues. My sandwich had a bite out of it, that I had not taken, therefore she had served me my friend's sandwich. When I pointed it out to her in regards to being concerned that I hadn't be served someone else's food or a JOKE, she said, &quot;yes, this was the same plates and food that I served to you before.&quot; She never offered anything to make up for the ridiculous service except for a round of drinks. She brought us our tab, and we had been incorrectly charged for our meal in that we had been charged for drinks that Marc nor the manager never brought us. While we sat with our cold food, Marc also came by and proceeded to try to be cute again. We politely asked him to walk away, and he kept on poking at our food and plates and made the comment, &quot;Well I guess you will just have to sit there longer, huh?&quot; We left the bar and went to the front desk to complain since the manager had continued to fail at providing proper service and managing the situation. Meanwhile, all of the patrons on the side of the bar where Marc was working LEFT the bar. The front desk handed us a complaint card and did nothing about it. The also did not correct our bill from the bar where we were incorrectly charged for our meal and beverages. The front desk person seemed completely fake in concern for the matter. If you have a MAJOR business such as the NHL coming into town, would you not be sure to have your most quality staff on hand? I can't imagine a hotel letting something like that take place with regular business. We had been in the hotel bar the afternoon before, and the service was fantastic. We even asked the manager if it was some sort of joke with the way everything went for us, &amp; she said that she didn't know what was going on with Marc, but that everyone had complained. What king of manager lets that kind of server stay on the floor and run people off? Not to mention a manager that brings a table COLD food once they have already specifically said that they had been sitting there for a long time waiting on their food?	
Jan 24 2009 	Quiet Gem	I'm surprised this hotel is not ranked higher. The room is spacious with beautiful views of Montreal, the bed is one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in at a hotel and the room service food is fabulous. The location is a little removed from the heart of the city, but transportation is right at the hotel and it's easy to get around-- a straight shot to the airport. Join Marriott Rewards program which is free. You'll get points and discounted rates. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 13 2009 	Excellent	This is a great hotel - the location is great to downtown Montreal and to Crescent St if that is your scene. The views over to the city or harbor are phenomenal as well. The rooms were up to Marriott standards and the staff were helpful and well trained. Would not hesitate to stay here again when on business in Montreal.	
Jan 5 2009 	Very Good	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights for a weekend getaway. The hotel was very nice. The rooms were great. The pool and gym nice. I had a facial which was very good, but no hand/foot massage. The hotel restaurant was great. Staff were friendly. Location very good.	
Dec 1 2008 	Beautiful views great stay!	This was a great hotel experience. The hotel lobby was clean and beautiful and the staff was helpful and friendly. The room they put us in overlooked the city through a large, clean, circular window. This was impressive as we booked the room through their rewards program (and we had expected a mediocre room). Alos useful - the hotel is right off of The Underground in Montreal, so even on our rainy, cold day we were able to wander the city without getting wet.	
Nov 29 2008 	PERFECT HOTEL	Stayed at the Marriott Chateau Champlain after not being able to make it to Quebec City. We arrived without a reservation after traveling all day. Peter at the front desk was more than accommodating - he was friendly and gave us a room with a view - a view to die for!!! The hotel was clean, friendly, centrally located and worth every cent. The room service was great - the beds were so comfortable it was hard to get out of the. Overall I highly suggest this hotel to everyone.	
Nov 17 2008 	Great	I lovd this hotel! We had a beautiful view of the city from the 17th floor. The staff was friendly and access to the metro stop was inside the hotel. The bed was unbelievably comfortable and the linens were amazing. I couldn;t have been happier.	
Oct 29 2008 	Very Nice Hotel Good Location	We spent 3 nights at this hotel in September. The hotel is very well kept &amp; the staff were very nice, The hotel is in a great location, it is easy walking distance of both the old &amp; new parts of Montreal. The rooms are of aveage size and are very clean and have some great views of the city. There are some nice little shops &amp; cafes in the complex which are great for a quick snack or a tasty breakfast.	
Oct 20 2008 	Perfectly pleasant	I stayed here for one night and paid the C$175 CAA rate. The staff were pleasant, the service friendly, the room was large and quiet and the bed comfortable. I booked here because I wanted to be near to the rail station, which is about three minutes' walk away. I'd certainly stay here again.	
Oct 14 2008 	Loved this hotel	Wasn't too sure what to expect from this hotel, but was very pleasantly surprised! A brilliant view of Montreal from the room, and in an area where it was easy to walk to all the major sightseeing spots/transport. Definitely more a business-oriented hotel, but I experienced nothing but great service, and a well equipped room.Great buffet breakfast, courteous staff (one in particular caught my eye!!) and a nice soft bed to fall back into after spending the day walking through Old Montreal!	
Oct 4 2008 	NIce Hotel	I just returned from spending 2 nights at the Marriott Chateau Marriott. For the most part my husband and I really enjoyed the hotel. We really loved the location. A 3 minute walk from the train station, a 5 minute walk to shopping and restaurants and easy to see being 32 stories tall. The concierge was great in setting dinner reservations and city tour. The restaurant was good, but extremely expensive. I was shocked to see my bill. The room was comfortable. The bed was great, the bathroom small and the tv outdated, but had a good picture. I would stay here again.	
Sep 29 2008 	out of the way for a tourist	This hotel was definately OK to stay in, but don't expect anything of character or charm. I had stayed in Marriotts elsewhere and they were more charming and felt more indulgent than this hotel. The location is probably very good for business travellers. I picked it because it was walking distance to Via Rail station and for this reason it was a good choice. But for a tourist everything you want to see is in Old Town Montreal. We walked to Old Town, only 20 minutes, so not a problem and the metro is right under this hotel, so it is convenient. The bed was comfy, the bathroom fine. The restaurant very very good. I just felt like I was in business hotel and there was no romance to it and to me Montreal is a romantic city, so it was not the right choice in my circumstance. The hotel is not cheap, so I would have been better off in a boutique hotel (like one of the snazzi conversions of a bank) closer to Old Town.	
Sep 25 2008 	C'est magnifique!	My mom and I visited Montreal for a weekend; our very first trip together just the two of us and our first visit to Montreal.The Marriott is in a great location for getting around. I am fine with walking further distances but my mom is more easygoing than I. The Metro Bonaventure station is right beneath the hotel which helped greatly. The great shops on Rue Ste Catherine were a short walk away, real easy to do. Vieux Montreal is also walking distance, but if you are not into walking much just pace yourself. Even at night the area is quite safe and I never felt uncomfortable at all.The rooms were a great size and the windows are fantastic. The beds and linens were great although the towels were a little rough and thin. The toiletries were a great treat as they were Bath &amp; Body Works products. The door to the closet swings out and doubles as a door to create a dressing room and I thought that was quite neat. The chairs were worn and frayed in spots but otherwise the room was in great shape. The internet connection for our laptop worked no problem.The complimentary buffet breakfasts at the Samuel de Champlain restaurant were an unexpected treat upon checkin and they were an ideal start to each day. There is an omelet station but I found that the ready-made omelet of the day was just as delicious. There was also a belgian waffle making station and that was fantastic as well.The staff all around were incredible. Very friendly and they do their jobs well.The hotel was beyond the usual price point I look for myself when booking a hotel but I had my mother's comfort and peace of mind to consider. Looking back I would gladly stay at the Marriott again, the price difference was well worth the convenience and location!	
Sep 9 2008 	A gem	Our entire 3 night stay at the Mariott Chateau Champlain was one of our best hotel stays ever after 35 years of travel in North America, the Caribbean, and Europe. It is true to its &quot;chateau&quot; theme and is very European.It is a hotel and we do not expect everything to be brand new and pristine. The beds are extremely comfortable with top quality, impeccably clean linens. The housekeeping itself was excellent and met my high standards. The furniture was in above-average condition. The air conditioning worked perfectly.The windows are the absolute best feature of this hotel offering a spectacular view of the Montreal cityscape. The separate dressing room is a very convenient feature. We did not consider the rooms small-with the dressing room they are sufficient for two.The hotel is overall very quiet.There is no hotel room smell and if one smokes, there is a $250.00 fine. Thank you, Marriott!The outstanding feature was the professionalism of the staff who were extremely friendly and courteous, especially Julie at the front desk. We know Montreal quite well and it is in an absolutely convenient location giving easy accessibility to the metro (under the hotel) and a few short walks to St. Catherine, Crescent, and Sherbrooke Streets. Old Montreal is a nice stroll if you like to walk (which we did).We will certainly return.	
Sep 9 2008 	Good location	We stayed here for 11 nights and booked through their free reservation phoneline in the UK. We asked for a larger room as we were staying for a long time and got a fantastic room on the 28th floor, complete with strawberries dipped in chocolate when we arrived. They also gave us a fridge and left freshly-baked cookies in our room the night before we left. The staff were very friendly and the breakfast choice was large enough to last you past lunchtime. Location was excellent (metro station in the basement) and we were glad that we were out of the tourist throng. All major shopping areas are walkable. Pool area was lovely and relatively quiet when we were there. Only downside is the hotel breakfast can get expensive, but there is a lovely canteen type place at the back of the lobby (you have to walk right past the shops to the end) which serves cheap and fresh breakfast with a smile. Coffee refills for free too. The airport coach stops outside the hotel, just remember to tell the driver when you get on. Very comfortable and easy stay. Would recommend it.	
Aug 27 2008 	No Problems	Stayed here on business and found this to be an acceptable property. Enjoyed the pool and the location was very central. This is a dated property though and could use somewhat of an update. The staff were fine.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great stay at the Marriot	My husband and I booked this hotel last minute on Hotwire. I was so excited when it showed this hotel, as some 4 stars are not..well...4 stars. This experience was great. Check-in was easy. Valet parking was phenomenal. We also got such good advice and pleasant assistance from the staff. I would HIGHLY suggest this hotel. I had never been to Montreal and was unsure what section to stay in. I have to say that no matter where you stay; downtown, Old Montreal, Latin Quarter; traveling around is easy. This hotel was close enough to nightlife, shopping, the cathedral and Old Montreal. LOVED IT!!!!	
Aug 17 2008 	Fantastic Experience	Realizing last minute that we had forgotten to book a night in Montreal on the return leg of our honeymoon, we absent-mindedly booked a night downtown at the Marriott. From the firs minute checking in, the hotel was grand, perfectly maintaned, wonderfully designed, staffed with friendly people, and an overall wonderful experience. The room, on the 31st floor, had a fantastic view of the city, a great bed, plenty of room, working wi-fi, ad generally everything you would need.Top notch!	
Aug 14 2008 	Nice Hotel Great location	Good, clean hotel in a great location. Close to old and new areas of town and directly connected to the subway.	
Aug 6 2008 	A wonderful place to stay for 1st time visitors to Montreal!	Our last 4 days were spent in Montreal and our stay at Marriott Chateau Champlain added greatly in making this a wonderful mini-vacation! After reading very mixed reviews, I was somewhat leary when I learned our Hotwire selection &quot;chose&quot; this 4*Marriot. However, our impression of this Marriott is now very favorable. Our check-in went smoothly (we were able to check in 4 hours early), our room was lovely with a huge picture window framing views of beautiful churches, a park, &amp; city streetscapes. The room was spotless, the bed was especially comfortable, and the dressing room area adjacent to the bathroom revealed spacious drawers and closets to store your luggage &amp; clothing easily. The soaps, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, and mouthwash are aromatherapy products from Bath and Body Works. The rooms feature free internet connections. A Starbucks is located next to the lobby.The Metro (subway) is located directly below this hotel. The concierge was incredible and all staff were courteous and spoke English fluently. Cabs are always out front when you want a change from walking or taking the Metro. We liked the location and would stay here again. Many restaurants just blocks away or right below in the Underground City. We can't wait to visit again!	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Hotel	My daughter,18, and I stayed here to be in the center of downtown. We were very impressed. The location was great easy walking distance to almost all the attractions, easy metro for the rest, free shuttle to the casino during the daytime. The staff was great, good advise on places to eat, people watch etc. The room was small-ish but clean and nice. Iwould definitely stay here again.	
Jul 18 2008 	Recommend Marriott Chateau Champlain	We had a wonderful stay at the Marriott Chateau Champlain. The staff was very nice, friendly and helpful. The location is good for walking and catching the Metro. The room was nice and clean. This hotel would be good for business or vacations.	
Jul 5 2008 	A Very Disappointing Hotel	This Hotel is 41 years old and it shows. THe staff is unhappy and it shows. We booked this hotel to ensure we had a decent place to stay near Montreal attractions. A word of advise: if you are expecting Marriott Hotel quality, prepare for disappointment. It begins with the parking. No in and out priviledges, and $ 15 for each trip into and out of the garage. A word of advise, save money and park on the excellent parking spots right on the street if you need a few hours in the hotel before you head out. The parking elevators had threadbare carpets and smelt like the wooden elevators from the 50's. The hotel had a sense of decay-looks like there has been no upgrade in a long while. The rooms could quite rapidly frustrate any traveler with the half moon curved design of the glass, an ancient AC control in the room that seems to hiss when it is turned. It seems claustrophoic-almost like the guest being the fish in an aquarium-you almost expect visitors looking into the curved glass at the folks who live in the hotel! The bathrooms are very very tired. Old marble, bad bathtubs, huge shower heads. And worse of all, the staff seems so frustrated, from the concierge to the front desk. Every answer you receive is a curt &quot;no&quot;, and trust me, we are the least demanding folks on this planet. All in all a very disappointing stay in Montreal at this Marriott Chateau Champlain.	
Jul 4 2008	Wonderful Stay	I booked this hotel as a hotel flight vacation package, so I'd estimate the hotel cost was around 150 per night. I thought that was an amazing deal for this beautiful room, which was extremely clean, good sized and with an outstanding view on the 23rd floor. The pool was wonderfully warm, staff were friendly, and the hotel location was great with inside access to the metro and a few short blocks to St. Catherine's street. I will absolutely stay here again.	
Jul 2 2008 	Nice hotel but I didn't love location	Many of the reviews suggested that the Marriott was in a great location of Montreal. If you are not using a car, and walking everywhere, be prepared to WALK! The Marriott is a 25 minute walk to Old Montreal, and a 25 minute walk to the Jazz Festival area (which occurs in the first week of July)... But while you're in Montreal, you will do a ton of walking all day (so bring good shoes). If I were to do it over again, I would have stayed in Old Montreal, where it all happens, this is really the hub of the City. Great hotel though, only positive things to say about the hotel itself. Just warning folks that like to walk that you'll be doing a ton of it if you stay here. I am 33 and in good physical condition, so don't underestimate my sentiment! Also another little tip for those that won't be using a car... Bring a small cooler and a bunch of bottled water, you can save some dough that way.I must note however, that there is a Metro subway stop under the hotel, so if you're into that, it helps.	
Jun 23 2008 	Convenient but not a great Marriott	I travel to Montreal quite often for work but this trip was for pleasure so decided to book something close to the train station. Like most people have noted, a major plus for the hotel itself is that it is extremely convenient to major downtown attractions and the Metro. However, the hotel is starting to show its age. The room itself was clean and surprisingly for a hotel with 30+ stories, the elevators are very efficient. But the bathroom was tiny (like Red Roof Inn tiny) and the design of the rooms is very late-70s like. I also had a complimentary breakfast in their restaurant and although the buffet quality was good, the manager seemed very stern to his staff and from overhearing conversations between staff members and guests, morale is pretty poor. Would I stay here again? Probably, but only because the location is excellent.	
Jun 5 2008 	Average to slightly below average downtown Marriott property	My wife, 2 year old daughter, and I used points to stay at this Montreal Marriott hotel. We got in very late the first night and I had called ahead for hopefully an upgrade since I'm Platinum and at least a cot for my daughter. Upon on arrival from the Airport, we got a very basic high floor upgrade room but no cot which wasn't ideal for a 2 year old at 1am in the morning. However, after calling, the cot did arrive pretty quickly.Our room had not been updated in many years although the bathroom was large size. It seems perhaps that other floors had been updated more recently.The concierge was closed on the weekends but they gave us free coupons for the breakfast buffet both Saturday and Sunday. Overall good buffet options. On Monday morning, the lounge was back open with an above average breakfast upstairs.The location of the hotel was pretty good although the area felt a bit dated. It was very convienent to be near the train station however.So in summary, the hotel worked fine since we were staying free with points but I wouldn't go back if I had a business trip to Montreal. Needs a pretty major renovation to bring it up to speed with most other Marriott hotels are this point.	
Jun 3 2008	Good but not great	Moved here for a business meeting after a stay at Le Square Phillips. It was moving from a chic club to a fern bar. One plus is the large exercise room and pool (they keep it quite warm if you like that sort of thing). Another nice thing is the hotel is a minutes walk from the train station and all the shops and restaurants on St Catherine's street.Nice rooms, friendly, good location... but there are better choices in Montreal.	
May 25 2008 	Nice 	I found the Marriott Chateau Champlain to be a very nice hotel in a very convenient location for explaring Montreal.Rooms are of good size though the bathrooms are very much on the small side. It shows that the hotel was build sometime in the 60s and even though rooms are nicely renovated the age shows in the structure and the common areas. Nothing too negative in the end but still a reason for not making the full 5 points with me. The hotel is conveniently located in downtown Montreal within walking distance to mostly everything (especially the downtown core with Rue Crescent and Old Montreal) and only a short cab ride from trendy streets such as Boulevard St. Laurent and Rue St. Denis. It is also directly connected to a Metro station and the vast underground Montreal complex linking many main buildings and shopping complexes in the downtown core. Very good for bad weather.There are also restaurants directly at the hotel which I did not use - too many good reatsurants in Montreal - and it features a pool and fitness area for relaxation.Overall a very nice but a bit old fashioned hotel without any real personality. If I was looking for a charming boutique kind of hotel I would stay elsewhere otherwise there was nothing to keep me from returning.	
May 19 2008 	Great and elegant hotel - but bit old fashioned	Pros:+ Centrally located, easy access to Metro station by lift from lobby.+ Walking distance for some shopping areas, bars, restaurants.+ Hotel staff: very good service at front desk, lobby, restaurant and bar.+ Comfortable large beds+ Buffet breakfast+ Good soundproof in room+ Good amenities in room+ Clean room and hotel facilities+ Room furniture at good shape and conditionCons:- Room was bit old fashioned but elegant one.I enjoyed very much at this hotel during my business trip at Montreal. Hotel has a very good location for business, pleasure and sightseeing. Hotel staff was very good at service. All in all this is a good hotel and nothing negative to say about it. I will stay here again next time. I recommend to take buffet breakfast as it is a good value. Only one minor &quot;problem&quot; was that on one evening when I came to my room, my bedlinens, sheets were not changed as I requested in the morning. (Hotel saves nature by changing sheets every third day, unless the guest prefers daily changes). I made quick call and they changed it fast. Well done.	
Apr 28 2008 	Nice Hoel	I have stayed for the first time at Marriott Chateau Champlain in 1998, and since then I only stay there when I visit Montreal. Nice rooms with a nice view of downtown montreal (ask for it otherwise you may end up looking at a tower). Dining is good as well. They always have free Internet, and the area is very convenient. The Aerobus will pick you and drop you there from/to the airport. On the negative, the hotel is getting old and needs some renovation.	
Apr 25 2008 	Elegant and convenient for shopping	The Marriott Chateau Champlain seemed to provide the perfect answer for a grandmother and twelve-year old granddaughter on a shopping expedition. The hotel faces a green space and has an elevator, ostensibly down to shopping, but really to the metro with tunnels to shopping centers. We scoured all. Our room was on the 10th floor. It was a pretty standard room with regard to size and furnishings, but had pretty appointments. A dressing area was a nice bonus.We could walk a few blocks to the shopping on Ste. Catherine, but the area is heavy with business buildings, though the Queen Elizabeth is near if you fancy tea in luxury. The stadium is also around the corner.I recommend Santa Lucia for good pizza. We shared one and a salad, which was the perfect amount.	
Apr 16 2008	Great Location	I stayed at the Marriott Chateau Champlain for 3 nights in April. It was the second time I stayed at this hotel. The main reason for chosing this hotel over others is the location. It is close to every place of interest and amenities.There are a lot of elevators so there is practically no waiting to get up or down. The rooms were clean but the bathroom and decor needs updating. The beds are still super comfortable and the sheets are top quality. Reception for the TV needs to be looked at ... so does the connection to the free wifi - the hotel changed the way to access wifi. Now, access is only valid for 1 day which you have to keep logging onto again with a password - such a hassle for something that is free.In all, I would still consider staying at this hotel on my next visit to Montreal.	
Mar 24 2008 	Excellent central location	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in March 08. It has half-moon windows on all the rooms (over 30 floors) and is known locally as the cheese grater. It was two visits of 2 nights each, separated by 10 days. We arrived on 7 March and were so pleased we had chosen this hotel because on the afternoon/night of 8 March, Montreal had an enormous snowstorm - one of the biggest for decades. Fortunately we were able to disappear into the Underground City (RESO) beneath the hotel and escape the worst of the weather. We were fortunate to be given a room on the 26th floor overlooking the park on our first visit and on the 9th floor on our second visit. Both had wonderful views. The rooms are not huge but we had 2 double beds and still found plenty of room to move around - we're Europeans so used to smaller rooms anyway. The standard of housekeeping is excellent and the storage space for clothes and other belongings very generous. On our first night we ate in the hotel restaurant. The food was pleasant but overpriced; the Australian chardonnay wine cost us 12$ CAN (+tax and service) a large glass, which we thought a little excessive. On the remaining 3 nights we ate elsewhere - Montreal has a huge range of great restaurants and many are close to the hotel which is right in the heart of the downtown area and on top of a metro station. We were particularly impressed with the friendly front-desk staff, the bellman (he's been working there for 40 years so I certainly won't call him a bellboy) and the porters, who stand outside in all weathers resplendent in their winter clothing.We were very happy with this hotel and will definitely stay there again, particularly as it's the sort of place where they remember you and I know we'd get a warm welcome, regardless of the weather outside.	
Feb 6 2008 	Go For It !	The Chateau Champlain is an excellent choice in Montreal. Though not perfect under a few minor aspects, its general quality definitely outweighs those little flaws. PROS: Views : Every room is equipped with a semicircular kind of bay window (without partitions), which provides STUNNING views of Montreal's skyline. Should you elect to stay at this hotel, indulge yourself and request a room on higher floors. This single feature is worth the price you will be paying. Location : Close to everything. Just grab your shoes and walk to virtually any interesting spot in the city. Also - and this is not a minor advantage - the hotel is linked to the metro, Place du Canada, the CN train station, Place Ville-Marie (one of Montreal's highest skyscrapers) and Place Bonaventure. Only few other hotels in Montreal are directly linked to a metro station and so many shopping centers.Furnishing / decor : Some like it traditional. This is my case, and if it is yours too, then go along with the Marriott Chateau Champlain. Upon entering the hotel, you are greeted by an inviting, spacious and classy hall. So are the rooms, except for the spacious attribute. I got a room which I guess is considered as basic. Nevertheless, its furnishing was on par with North America's highest standards. Overall, the room itself was in a state of perfect cleanliness, smelled incredibly good and looked very elegant. As Marriott got us used to, their new beds are sublime. Every room features a spacious walk-in with lots of drawers. This contributes to reducing the size of the room itself, but is undeniably useful.Service : Bellboys are incredibly efficient with luggage. The vast majority of staff members I encountered were obliging and competent. Still remains some exceptions (see cons). The maid service was flawless. I cannot comment on room service since I did not use it (same for valets). Fully non-smoking property : I personally do not mind, but those who can not stand the smell of cigarette will be pleased with this hotel. If a guest ever smokes in his room, the hotel applies a 250$ penalty and closes the room for an intensive 1-day cleanup. I can not comment on the pool, but it looked fairly good at first glance.Still a few CONS:Size of the rooms : It is true that rooms are on the small side. I would say smaller than usual for this hotel category. For a party of more than two, I suspect that it would feel a little cramped.Bathrooms : Though their spotless cleanliness, bathrooms look overly outdated. I do not really care, do you ?On-site restaurant : The hotel restaurant (Samuel-de-Champlain) is stuffed in a large, dimly lit room with high ceiling and no windows. Food is okay, but prices do not reflect that.Service : Some of the staff members were either underperformant or too familiar. One night, there was a bartender who seemed to be fluent in no language known in North America. Plus, he made a weird comment on the beer brand we ordered. Excessive familiarity and lack of manners are not acceptable in such a property. On that particular aspect, the Ritz-Carlton is still way ahead of the Chateau. Here I will conclude with a special note for event organizers. This hotel is certainly a fairly decent choice for your next event in Montreal, but remain alert. Banquet managers are well intended, but some (not all) of their staff are severely lacking professionalism. In my personal experience, service was erratic, room charts were not always followed, Internet access was a nightmare and lighting / climate control was terrible.But overall, the Chateau Champlain is a wonderful place to spend some vacation time.	
Jan 25 2008	Great hotel with great service	Back in October a friend and I decided to make a quick weekend trip to Montréal for a Canadians hockey game and where looking for a hotel. That would be relatively close to the Bell Center and sights that we wanted to see, after doing some minor research on-line we came across the Marriot. The closeness of the hotel to the arena sold us instantly, along with being able to park in the garage for the weekend as we where driving in from New York. Once we arrived at the hotel check in was a breeze and the staff was very friendly. I had requested an upper floor room (as I had heard the view was the best from the upper floors which is definitely true, if your planning on staying their anytime soon definitely request this before you leave as you will not want to miss out.) and the hotel definitely gave us what we wanted placing us on one of the upper floors with an amazing view. The room its self was very spacious, comfortable and clean even with two double beds. The table had two very comfortable chairs to go along with it and was big enough for two laptop computers to sit on with out having to fight for space. Also their where plenty of outlets located through out the room so that we could not only keep the cell phones charged but also the computers up and running with out having to fight for a jack for either of them. The free wireless internet was also very nice to have available as it was very fast and reliable. For someone who needs to stay in touch with work through out the weekend while I’m away it was nice to not have to pay for this service for once. The television even had a great choice of programming to watch and this was a great way to settle down after a long day of sight seeing and hockey. Also we had purchased some beverages and snacks before entering the hotel (you’ll definitely want to do this as hotel beverages and snacks are quite pricey) and wanted to keep them cold. So once we arrived and got settled in I placed a call the front desk and requested a mini fridge and within 5 minuets doing so the hotel staff arrived with the fridge plus there was not extra charge for having it in the room. Another plus was the access to the Metro right under the hotel as it made getting around the city very easy, even though there is plenty to see within walking distance. After doing some minor exploring upon arrival we found that the quickest way to get to the Bell Center was not actually through the underground walk way but instead heading out the man doors of the hotel and to the left. Also the staff was very helpful when trying to find an inexpensive place to eat as they made several suggestions of really reasonable places to go. Check out when we were ready to leave was also very quick and easy. My friends and I are planning a repeat trip to Montreal again this October and have already decided that we will once again stay at the Marriot.	
Jan 21 2008 	A Lovely Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Mariott for two nights in January. We were treated exceptionally well during the entire duration of our visit. Check-in and out went very smoothly. Our room was lovely and clean, and the view was beautiful. We were able to walk to Old Montreal and to Rue St. Catherine easily. The staff were helpful and gracious. We would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Montreal, for either business or pleasure.	
Jan 12 2008 	Convenient location and comfortable stay	I stayed five nights at the Marriott Chateau Champlain for business in December 2007. I stayed in a &quot;king deluxe&quot; room which had a king bed, table with two chairs, and desk with one additional chair. The room was clean and comfortable and there was free wireless internet which was reasonably fast. It also had a TV with a good selection of both English and French stations.The biggest pros for me were:- Convenience to Metro, you just go down the elevator behind the concierge desk and you immediately find yourself in the Bonaventure station. You can either get on the train or walk into the &quot;underground city&quot; without ever going outside.- Front desk staff, room service, etc., spoke English well and did not make you feel bad for not speaking French.- The $14.00 shuttle from the airport stops directly in front of this hotel. Beats a $35+tip taxi ride.The only reason I did not rate it 5 star was the price of the room service and relative lack of affordable vending machines. In typical Marriott fashion, there is a bottle of water in the room that will run you $6.00 if you open. Vending machines were $2.00 for a can or small bottle. Room service food was good but again very overpriced. Fortunately I found a nearby pharmacy and bought $6.00 worth of beverage, which was 4 bottles the size of the $6.00 one in the room. Also there was a charge for local telephone calls that was not disclosed in the information contained in the room's information booklet.No comment on the parking as I did not bring a car. But as I noted, this hotel is very convenient if you do NOT have a car. And I would not recommend having a car in Montreal during snow season.	
Jan 11 2008	Beware of Parking	Amrericans BEWARE of theft in the underground parking garage!!! While checking out, I left my laptop computer in the trunk of my car for 20 minutes and when I returned it had been stolen along with some jewelry. The hotel took ZERO action to rectify the situation and claimed that the garage (in their building!!!) is run by another company, so they are not responsible. Security in the garage is evidently ineffective and foreign cars are easy targets. I will not make the $1500 mistake of staying at this hotel again. They did not even refund my stay. Their only course of action was a simple &quot;we're sorry&quot;.	
Jan 2 2008 	Tres Bien	My wife and go to Montreal annually and this is by far the most comfortable and best located of all the places we have stayed in going back to 1981. This trip we stayed on the 20th floor facing Mont Royal and the downtown area. What a view when you wake up with the sun shining on the mountain, the skyscrapers and the Queen of the World church. The Bonaventure Metro stop can be reached via a special elevator near the concierge's desk. Within easy walking distance of downtown or Old Montreal. Enjoy.	
Dec 26 2007 	Comfortable - yet small - and centrally located	I stayed at this property during a visit over the Thanksgiving weekend. I booked it primarily because I had not been to Montreal before, so was looking for lodging I knew from previous stays in other locations.The facility as a whole is quite lovely, and feature a wide range of amenities (e.g., restaurants, bars, spa, other services) that exude a feel of a luxury property, even though it is quite affordable. Breakfast is good with great service, and the Senator bar is a nice place to have a drink and socialize. The rooms are a bit small - even for the single traveler - and feel like they may need a bit of updating. But they are clean, comfortable, and feature the huge, half-moon-shaped window that provides great views of the city.The service throughout was very courteous, friendly, and responsive. Check-in and valet services were fairly quick and easy, and the check-out - thanks to use of a TV system - was convenient.A huge plus for this hotel is its location. It is within easy walking distance of shopping and other attractions, and is across the street from the Centre Bell. In addition, a Metro station is in the lower level of the hotel, which provides easy, cost-efficient, and quick access to the many other sights throughout the city.I would stay here again because of the location and amenities, despite the small rooms. It is the convenience of access to Montreal's many attractions that makes the stay worthwhile and a value.	
Dec 20 2007 	Memorable Stay	Myself and two sons spent the weekend of Dec 14-17, 2007. We experienced a tremendous snowstom on the 16th, which closed the airport and cancelled all flights home. The front desk and bell staffs could not have been more accomodating. They would call me on their own, several times in the morning with regular updates on my particular flight and conditions at the airport. They encouraged us to remain in the hotel and not make the trip to the airport, which was the right choice, as everything shut down mid day. There were no issues about staying an extra day or keeping the favorable advance purchase rate for an extra night. As a frequent traveler and Marriott Gold Member, I have expectations that may be higher than most. This staff is worthy of mention. They are a great bunch, who appear to enjoy their jobs and interaction with the public. I cannot say enough about this hotel and staff.	
Dec 15 2007 	Very Traditional Hotel	A nice hotel with a very traditional look. Located very centrally downtown, within walking distance of nearly everything. The room is reasonable size with a beautiful curved window. We were lucky enough to have a room facing the square on the 23rd floor. The hotel has a 24hr gym which is convenient, however, we too were not able to use the pool as they were filtering/cleaning it. The hotel has direct access to the metro (take the lift next to the concierge) which is also connected to the underground pass. This proved to be very handy when it was pouring with rain. A couple of tips though, take the Aerobus from the airport as it stops outside the hotel, unless you're with a big party of people. Also remember although there is a flat fee for the taxi from airport to downtown a tip is expected and in our case, the driver will ask for tip.Also, supermarkets are hard to find, nearest one being near Place d'arts.I would definitely consider staying here in future.	
Nov 20 2007 	Charming hotel	Enjoyed our 2 night stay at the Marriot in Montreal. Good points include easy access to the Metro, Gare Centrale and the Underground City, together with breathtaking views and comfy beds. Room was very spacious and staff were helpful. Some may argue it's looking dated, but I see it as a traditional-looking hotel which retains its charm. Gym could do with an overhaul though.	
Oct 26 2007	Nice in parts	We have just returned from Montreal where we spent 5 nights in the Marriot. It was OK but I felt the decor was showing its age and the swimming pool was closed for either:a) Heating problemsb)Filtration problemsanyway it was closed.The bed and the views over the Place du Canada were wonderful but we were on the 6th floor and I'm sure they would have been even better fron a higher vantage point. Finally, and I know its not really then hotels problem, Canada is getting expensive, the rise in the value of the $ Canada hasnt been reflected in a lowering of their prices, so just beware its not the shopping,drinking,/eating heaven it used to be.	
Oct 18 2007 	Perfect Location	We just spent the weekend here. What a lovely hotel, and right in the middle of everything. The room was spotless and comfy, nice bath and body works products in the bathroom. Check in was a breeze. We ordered room service for dinner and breakfast. The food arrived hot and delicious, the trays were collected within an hour. We did not eat in the bar or restaurant, but both looked very nice. The hotel is within walking distance to everything, but we took advantage of the metro located directly beneath it and rode two stops down to Old Montreal. Ater exploring there, we walked all the way back to Crescent Street, and then back to the hotel. We stopped in Chinatown on the way back and enjoyed some treats we bought there. Upon returning to the hotel, we saw two different weddings at two churches across the street turning out, mixed in with hockey fans making their way to the Bell Centre. The area is convenient and safe. This will be our first choice for a hotel when we return. A bit of advice: valet parking is $24 a day, but you can self park for less by driving around the left of the hotel, and you will see the garage entrance. We chose valet because it had in and out priviliges, but due to the hotel being so centrally located, and the metro directly below, we never moved the car until we checked out.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great Anniversary weekend in Montreal!	My wife and I stayed at the Marriott this past weekend for our 10th Anniversary. We have never been to Montreal before but we will definitley come back. The hotel was beautiful and located in a great location as we were in walking distance of everything we wanted to do. We were wished happy Anniversary as we checked in. We stayed on the 19th floor overlooking the city. This was beautiful at night as all the rooms have big windows. Our view included the downtown with Mount Royal in the background. The staff at the hotel were very helpful and I never worried about the fact I didn't speak french. Visit the concierage desk as they can answer all questions asked about the city and provide maps and direction. Everything in Montreal's downtown is in waliking distance so just park your car for the weekend in the parking garage and get some exercise. The Bell centre is a block away. St Catherine street for shopping is a couple blocks. Old Montreal is a 15 minute walk. Great restaurants all around.You will also see and most likely ride the elevator with NHL hockey players while staying here. This past weekend the Carolina Hurricanes were in town. We will return to Montreal and stay at the Marriott again!	
Oct 2 2007 	Terrific Stay	We were at the Marriott for the Presidents Cup ---Golf Tournament --. Our stay could not have been nicer--The room was nice and the staff was great --We opted for the Concierge Level room ---it was about $29.00 more per day per person --It included breakfast, hors d'oeurves and dessert. ---The Concierge Lounge was a nice place to have in addition to your room --It really made a fun week even more enjoyable ---I would highly recommend it ---	
Sep 11 2007 	comfortable beds clean rooms great view great location	stayed here for 6 nites in late august 07. the beds were more than comfortable, and the rooms in tip top shape. very clean. if i needed a plate and knife, housekeeping will help in a jiffy.concierge helpful in main lobby.location was perfect. you can take elevator from lobby to metro, train station 2 blocks away, city travel info (2 blocks away), and in the middle of everything. a short walk to old down/port area or head in the other direction and get into heart of downtown, plateau, mont royal.on premises, shops, coffee shop, atm, etc very convenient.	
Sep 4 2007 	Just ok worse than Marriott in Quebec	We spent 1 night in Marriott Chateau Champlain in Montreal in September 2007. The hotel itself is very nice, beautiful and clean. We had a slight problem with the staff. We had a couple, and 2 people of different gender in our group and even though we reserved a room with 2 double beds, we needed an extra bed. We were told that we cannot have an extra bed in a room that already has 2 beds. Which was really disappointing as double beds are not as big as queen size and one person had to sleep on the floor. The way we were told all this info was almost rude as well. Especially since we came there from spending 2 nights in Courtyard by Marriott in Quebec and absolutely loved it(no problem with add'l bed). Concierge was not very helpfull as well. The room was fine, not very big, but sunny and spotless. We didn't have any problems with the noise but we were excuasted by the time we went to sleep. Valet parking costs $24/day which is fine. Location is pretty convinient, walking distance from the Old City, 30 minutes walk from Quartier Latin. I think next time we're in Montreal, we'll look for something else though.	
Sep 4 2007	a room for children only	I booked this hotel for 3 nights for my family - 2 adults and two kids - 15 and 11. The line at the check in was fairly long and there were only two persons at the reception area. When we got to our room, it was beautiful, but much too small. The beds were much too soft and much too small. We could barely fit. I enquired if there were larger rooms, was told that all the beds were the same size and promptly checked out the next morning. I would definitely not recommend this hotel to someone travelling with teenagers.	
Sep 4 2007 	Not Bad..not bad at all!	We don't usually opt for the Marriott, but overall this was a pleasant stay. The room was a decent size and the view was excellent. I think one of the selling points for the Marriot Chateau is the half moon shaped windows.Check-in was exceptionally quick. We stayed for 4 days and did not encounter any problems. The workout room was quite large compared to other hotels. There are about 6 treadmills, 2 elliptical machines, 3 bicycles, 3 steppers, and about 6 different weight stations as well as free weights. There is also an indoor pool.The metro is literally underneath the hotel which is extremely convenient for getting from point A to point B. Also, there is a free shuttle that takes you to the casino.If you are looking for breakfast, a close option is the cafe downstairs. We opted for the cafe down the street located in the train station. It was nice and decently priced(sorry I dont remember the name).Also, if you are looking for the Underground Mall. It is about 2 blocks up and make a right on Sainte Catherine's street. We entered the Underground Mall through the Gap store, but there are other stores that you can utilize to get to this destination.If you are into jazz, I would highly recommend the House of Jazz. The food is delicious and the entertainment doesn't disappoint. We went when Michelle was performing. Believe me...this lady can sing.So, overall the trip was great and the weather was a nice escape compared to the bistering summer we've been experiencing in Atlanta.	
Sep 1 2007 	Very Enjoyable Experience!	My husband and I were thrilled with our accommodations in Montreal. I initially tried to reserve a room at the Sofitel Montreal; but, they did not have rooms available our requested dates. We decided to go with the Montreal Marriott Chateau Champlain and were not disappointed. We drove to Montreal from Ottawa (we are orginially from New York), and when we pulled up, a porter was at the door waiting to help me out of the car! From check-in to check-out, the entire experience was great. Whether we went to the gift shop or the concierge desk or ordered room service, everyone was friendly and hospitable. Additionally, the hotel's central location put us one block from everything that was going on. I truly loved the time we spent in Montreal and look forward to taking another trip....and staying in this same hotel.	
Aug 24 2007 	Beautiful Hotel!	Stayed with my lovely wife and 6 year old daughter at the Marriott Chateau Champlain in July 2007 and July 2006. Visits were near perfect, if not perfect. Hotel staff; including concierge, restaurant , front desk, house keeping were outstanding. Our rooms were intensely clean and the views were incredibly enjoyable. The bed was a dream! The bathroom was average in size, but totally complete. Breakfasts at Restaurant Sameul de Champlain were near sublime. The pool and fitness center were very well maintained and totally enjoyable. Access to the Metro may be the quickest of any hotel in the city. Hotel is perfectly located to the Metro, Old Montreal,St. Catherine St. and the Bell Centre. Have often visited Montreal and stayed at the Queen Elizabeth, but for a complete hotel consider the Chateau Chateau. I most also comment on the cost,spending $135.00 -138.00 (Can) over the past two summers, very difficult to compete with, if not impossible in a major city in N. America. Great Hotel for a Great City!!	
Aug 22 2007 	Very nice hotel	Great location, helpful staff, we got a room on the 33rd floor. Beautiful view of place au canada and churches through large floor to ceiling curved window. Standard Marriott hotel service, would definitely recommend or stay at the marriott in old montreal.	
Aug 20 2007 	Rude front desk staff and did not receive room as reserved	Booked a room for 4 and requested two double beds. Checked in at the front desk and was told rudely the hotel was sold out and the only room they had was one with one king size bed. 4th person was made to sleep on the floor as they only would bring one bed to the room (it was a small room). No discounts or amenities were offered for the inconvenience.Would not recommend this second rate hotel to anyone. Only thing going for it is location. Many nicer hotels around that cost a few dollars more (like Queen Elizabeth - friendly staff and nice property). You pay for what you get.	
Aug 17 2007 	comfortable beds nice view of the city	Stayed here with my partner last year for our anniversary and we enjoyed it very much. The hotel is centrally located, very near most of the attractions and one of the best thing is entrance to the metro is inside the lobby area, just a few steps when you get out of the elavator- very convenient indeed. We were on the 28th floor, the room is nice, the bed is so comfortable that we were oversleeping each morning!. And the view of Place du Canada and Dorchester Square was unbelievable!.. Overall a great stay and would highly recommend it.	
Aug 12 2007 	5 Stars Canadian	On a ten day trip to Quebec and Ontario, this was the gem hotel to which I compared the rest. To begin with, the hotel is brilliantly located above a major Montreal Metro stop. The staff were exceptionally courteous and helpful, and the concierge provided us with trip-altering information about local Montrel events. Our room was clean, nicely decorated, and our beds were very comfortable. The windows for the rooms allow a wonderful view of the city below. Finally, the gym is open 24 hours a day, and very well appointed for a hotel gym- multiple aerobic machines including elliptical trainers, as well as nautilus equipment and free weights.	
Aug 4 2007 	Just OK	We chose this hotel for 2 reasons. 1) It's very close to the train station and we were arriving by train from Quebec City and 2) access to a metro station by simply taking an elevator in the lobby seemed convenient.Good thing there was a metro station right beneath the hotel because we sure did need it. I did not like the location of this hotel at all. It seemed isolated from everything we wanted to do. Old Montreal was simply too far away for us to walk so we had to take the metro. Rue St Catherine is even a pretty good hike.We did not eat at the hotel because it was expensive. There was really no place to eat within short walking distance of the hotel. It was either get on the metro or hike. The only place we could find to get a light meal or snack that was easy walking distance was the food court at the train station.The business center has computers but you have to pay (over $7 for the first 15 minutes) every time you want to check your email.The beds were very comfortable and the room was nice. The bathroom was not large but adequate. I liked the little hallway where the closet was that separated the bedroom from the bathroom.If I was to return to Montreal, I would stay at Springhill Suites in Old Montreal.	
Jul 30 2007 	No way this is a 4 star hotel...	OK, I'll start with the Good.Very conveinient that it is right above the metro.Big comfy bed.Nice warm Pool.Amazing view via the U shaped window. Very clean rooms.Good bathroom products.Dressing room is neat...THE BAD&gt;The hot tub was broken, windows were broken above the pool area. Pool is very hard to find. Bathrooms are SMALL. If you are going with a loved one, this is NOT a good hotel to have bathroom time together in. There is no balconey so you have no idea how to dress until you get down the 36 floors. No continental breakfast, unless you pay 17$ a head. The pillows were too thin alone, and too high stacked. Far away from anything you want to walk to, except the bell centre. For the money, you are better off elsewhere. i love the Delta!!! it has balconey, breakfast, great pool, cheap parking, its great!	
Jul 29 2007 	Beautiful hotel great room	Just returned from 2 nights at the Marriot Chateau Champlain and it was wonderful. Our room was on the 19th floor with a beautiful view of St Catherine's Basilica and downtown Montreal. The room was first class with super comfy king bed, a separate dressing area and lovely bathroom. Everything appeared fresh and new. All staff were very nice and helpful especially with restaurant recommendations, directions and valet parking. Many of the sites we were interested in were within walkiing distance, but if you don't like to walk or don't have access to a car, the Metro is right there. Montreal is a very clean and safe city and it was great to stroll in Old Montreal on a warm summer's night! Lovely hotel and we would definitely recommend!	
Jul 29 2007 	Loved Monreal	We stayed at the Chateau Champlain for two nights. Overall it was great. Valet parking is somewhat expensive but made life much easier for our family of six. Check in was literally five minutes. Our rooms were in immaculate condition upon arrival and advice from the concierge over the full stay was very helpful. Beds were great, very comfortable. Bathrooms a little small but still more than adequate. Did not eat in the hotel restaurant.Views from the hotel of downtown Montreal and Mount Royal were excellent and we found ourselves gazing out of the half moon windows and taking pictures often when we were in our rooms. Ask for room facing downtown for a great view. Proximity to various attractions is execellent. On the first night we walked to China town, Old Montreal, harbour front and shopping districts all within a 15-20 minute radius. I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 27 2007	Great Value In Downtown Montreal	My wife and I just returned from a vacation in Montreal. We spent 6 nights at the Marriott Chateau Champlain at a great rate of $178.50 per night plus tax for two double beds (to get this rate we had to make a non-refundable reservation quite a bit ahead of time). We loved the room and the hotel. Everyone was very professional and helpful. The hotel is directly connected to the subway. It also has very helpful concierge service from 8 to 8.The only negative was the coffee in the dining room. It was poor every meal that we ate there.	
Jul 23 2007 	The longer we stayed the more I enjoyed the hotel	We arrived on a rainy Saturday ( July 14) afternoon after a 2 hour ordeal at Pierre Treadeau airport. That's another story! Check in was efficient and we were in our room within minutes. Clearly, the furniture had seen better days and the bathroom was only average, but all was immaculately clean. The beds were sublime. The hotel has switched over to the high quality pillowtop matresses and quality linens. When we switched to a hotel in Quebec City after 5 nights at the Marriott, I really appreciated those beds! High speed internet access is free and that is important to me as I am teaching online summer classes. Our favorite location for people watching was the hotel bar, which does a major food service as well. The servers were pleasant, but were not &quot;pushing drinks&quot;.My husband was attending a scientific conference at the Palais des Congress. We are into fitness and found the walk to the convention center an easy one, may 5 or 6 blocks. For those not inclined to walk, it is 2 metro stops. One can make the trip and never step outside. That would have been a pity as the weather was fabulous and Montreal is a gorgeous city. The hotel is about 3 blocks from the major shopping district, which is an interesting blend of designer shops and locally owned &quot;mom and pop&quot; operations.	
Jul 22 2007 	Comfortable stay	Have stayed at this hotel a few times now, and have always found it to be a comfortable place to stay. Check in went smoothly, friendly, helpful service throughout my stay. The rooms are pretty standard, maybe a little frayed at the edges, but very clean. The beds were really comfortable and have duvets rather than blankets, which I always consider a big plus. didn't use the minibar, but it's nice to have the fridge available. Can't speak to the really low floors, but most of the rooms I've seen from floor 14 up have ahd really nice views of the city. Good location, walkable to different eating and shopping areas. Would definitely continue to stay there when I'm in town.	
Jul 22 2007 	Loved the Marriott Chateau Champlain	My husband, 12 year old daughter and I arrived in Montreal by train on July 13, 2007. The hotel is walking distance from the train station and it's easy to spot the hotel from the train station since it's been described as looking like a cheese grater. We planned on driving to Quebec City Saturday morning and only stayed at the Marriott Chateau Champlain for one night. . The Avis car rental office was only a few minute walk from the hotel.We were on the 10th floor and had a beautiful view of the city. I booked a room on the Hotel's website for $149 plus tax. The room had a nice dressing area off of the bathroom. We had a nice breakfast at Rueben's which is a 5-10 minutes walk from the hotel. Another good place for breakfast is Cora's. Not too far from Reuben's. Their oatmeal is delicious. We ate there when we returned from Quebec City. We stayed at the Queen Elizabeth on our return because it's right above the train station, but I preferred the Marriott. If we are ever in Montreal again, I would definitely stay at the Marriott.	
Jul 17 2007 	First time visit to Montreal	First visit to Montreal for my wife and I along with our two teenagers. Initial impressions of the lobby were a little disappointing, doesnt work to give the 'wow' factor. Reception staff were very efficient and friendly and booked us into our Concierge Level rooms. This allows use of the 35th floor private area where snacks and drinks are available as part of the rate throughout the day and where the continental style buffet breakfast is served - the fresh fruit salad is great....The views are fantastic and the area has 2 Internet PCs available for use, although they can be prettty busy around breakfast and evenings!The bedrooms are large with views of the city or water with very comfortable beds. Rooms could use an upgrade though as they dont look very fresh, with wall paper starting to peel in a few areas but everything is clean and works.Hotel also has a gym which seemed to be well equipped, although I didnt use it. The 'SPA' is not up to modern standards and the pool could do with a major overhaul.Having a metro station located below the hotel was very handy and it was less than a 10 minute walk to Rue St Catherine which is a very long shopping street.Montreal is a lovely city and we were fortunate to be there during the Jazz festival.	
Jul 4 2007 	Excellent stay at the Marriott Chateau Champlain	Recently stayed at the Marriott Chateau Champlain for two nights, andenjoyed it immensely. We had been trying to decide between this hoteland the Marriott SpringHill Suites Old Montreal and Le Square Phillips, but finally decided on Chateau Champlain because we were able to get the amazing rate of $125/night American dollars. We encountered excellent service from start to finish, and were especially impressed with Patrice, who was a member of the concierge staff and was exceptionally friendly and helpful. We had a standard room with two double beds on the ninth floor overlooking the park and the downtown area. When we entered the first room we were assigned, the noise of the air conditioning unit was overwhelming and we were moved to another room on the same floor instantly, which we appreciated. The view was fantastic because of the unique floor-to-ceiling rounded windows. The room was comfy, the shower had lots of water pressure and hot water, and the beds were great. We asked for foam pillows to replace the down and these were obtained for us within a few minutes of making the request.The first night we were there the people next door to us spent a 15-minute period slamming their door over and over (don't know what they were doing!) but afterthat everything was quiet and we couldn't hear any noises.We were happy we chose this hotel for reasons other than just the excellent price. It is only a couple of blocks from the downtown shopping area and a pleasant 15-20 minute walk from Old Montreal. We were glad we weren't staying at Le Square Phillips, despite the greatreviews it gets on this site, because it is right in the heart of downtown. For some this would be a great location, but we prefer a little more peace and quiet and Chateau Champlain was just the right distance from the hubbub for us. All in all, a great stay at a very enjoyable hotel.	
Jul 2 2007 	Hotel Yes Food No	The Good: We thought the beds were very comfortable. The rooms were clean and well maintained. This Marriott is across the street from a Metro station which is 2 Metro stops from the Vieux-Montreal area, within walking distance of Jazz Fest and McGill, and easy to spot given its height and &quot;cheese grater&quot; appearance.The Bad: Although the restaurant service and presentation were excellent, the food itself ranged from good (breakfast, burger) to unimpressively average (Veal, Creme Brulée).The Room Service menu is extremely limited. Food arrived promptly, but was lukewarm. The front desk staff reminded me of Parisien front desk clerks, they were helpful and quickly tackled my requests; but were not a &quot;smiley&quot; or overtly welcoming group. .	
Jun 25 2007 	Fabulous Place to Stay	This hotel is in the heart of Montreal, located over the Metro station and a block and a half from the VIA Rail Central Station. Our room with two beds was spacious and had a large window with a view of the downtown area. We didn't try the main hotel restaurant due to the cost but did eat at the hotel bar. There is also a breakfast restaurant that apparently was not affiliated with Marriott that was adequate. Salons, gift and snack shops, and other stores inside and adjacent to the Marriott. The front desk will exchange up to $100 per day for a small fee. There is a park across the street and plenty of shops and restaurants within walking distance. Bon voyage.	
Jun 20 2007 	Big Hotel in the Center of Things	This is a big Marriott located right in the center of the city. It's one of the tallest downtown buildings and its half-moon windows provide wonderful views from all sides. The rooms were clean, well-serviced, and comfortable. The front desk staff was courteous and handled a number of diverse requests. The concierge was particularly helpul in reserving restaurants. She booked us into a nearby restaurant but just before we were to go there, she called our room to tell us that, due to police activity, the streets around the restaurant were blocked off and she immediately booked us into another, excellent restaurant. The hotel's own restaurant, while under-staffed, provided top-notch food for dinner and breakfast. All-in-all it was a great place to stay for our first visit to Montreal.	
Jun 18 2007 	Great location in downtown Montreal	Overall, this was an excellent hotel. The location was excellent, right in downtown Montreal and connected to the Place du Canada and the Montreal subway. The rooms on the upper floors (I was on 27) have spectacular views of the island. For business or family tourism, I would highly recommend it. If you're hitting Montreal for nightlife, I would recommend another part of the city. The valet cost was astronomic and most of the nightlife is not easy walking distance from the hotel.	
Jun 12 2007 	Chateau Champlain-excellent hotel great service	Stayed in Montreal at the Marriott Chateau Champlain. Montreal is a nice city, best food we had anywhere. The hotel is excellent. Much nicer than some of the better hotels in the area. The service is the best. Their concierge staff has the best staff of any Marriott we have stayed; they are most helpful, especially their chief concierge Pierette. She and her staff will tell you the best restaurants and places to go and be right on the money. The location is perfect for the city. Their beds with duvets make you not want to get up. I would stay there again.	
Jun 5 2007 	Typical Wonderful Marriott	We stayed at this property 5/30-6/3 2007. The room on the 26th floor had a wonderful view, and featured the usual fantastic Marriott bedding. The room was not huge, but had a small dressing area that could be closed off with the closet door, which doubled as a louvered door. The restaurant was very good, if a bit pricey. Everyone was friendly and helpful. A small room refrigerator was provided on request at no charge, delivered within 5 minutes of our request at check in.The general location downtown was perhaps 1 short block from the Gare Central, so it was easy to walk from the Amtrak train in about 3 minutes. We were able to walk to the Museum of Fine Arts with our 9 year old daughter ( who loved the Disney Exhibit) in about 20 minutes, and took the Metro to Old Montreal, via an elevator directly in the hotel lobby.Remember to check around the internet, including the Marriott site and this hotel's own site for various promotion codes for deals at this and other Marriott properties before booking. If all else fails, the AAA rate is actually very good. We used code HPR which allows a 3d night free after making a Hertz reservation. There is no relationship between the reservation and the rate- just use the code !All in all, a nice hotel and very nice experience.	
Jun 4 2007 	Magnifique!	Arrived here for the Victoria Day long weekend, en route to Quebec City. Chose this location as it was only 2 blocks from Gare Centrale (Central Train Station). Very friendly service from the front door bellman and front desk staff. Very nice easterly view on the 30th floor. Well appointed room with up to date features. Enjoyed the leisure pool and fitness equipment. Pool temperature was warm. Very close to Bell Centre and Metro (subway).	
May 28 2007 	Nice Memorial weekend	Stayed at the Chateau Champlain for Memorial weekend. The hotel is in a great location right in the middle of downtown Montreal, two blocks from St Catherine's street. I had a room with a great view of the park and the city sky line. This hotel probably doesnt have a bad view since it is sitting on a un-restricted part of the downtown core. Its right across the street from Bonaventure Metro line and walking distance from restaurants and bars on St Catherine's. I am a Platinum Marriotts reward card member so I got complimentary breakfast buffet. The food was very good but I have no idea how expensive. The rooms were in good condition and we received bath robes and turn down service every night with Chocolates. I would stay there again	
May 22 2007 	Had a great time at the Marriott	My husband and I spent the Victoria long weekend May 2007 at the Marriott and had a fantastic time. The room had a king size bed with a great duvet on the bed and lots of pillows. We arrived by train and were able to walk to the hotel. Loved Old Montreal and took the horse and buggy tour. Great way to see everything.The buffet breakfast was really good, lots to choose from. Service was excellent and very friendly also very helpful. Had a great pool area with a spa. Unfortunately we didn't have time to use the spa but it sure looked inviting. A weekend is not long enough to see all the beauty of Montreal. Our first experience in this kind of hotel and look forward to going back.	
May 21 2007 	Beautiful Hotel Staff stole from my room	The hotel was beautiful. My husband had exchanged his hotel points for me to come out and see my daughter. We stayed on the 25th floor overlooking the city. The bellman were very helpful on referring us to Old Montreal for a meal on St. Paul.However on my last day, personal items from my room went missing and for some strange reason Housekeeping can't find them. The manager can't find them and there is nothing I can do but suck up the loss. I even contacted the international office and they can't do anything either.Not cool. I had a great trip until I was stolen from.	
May 11 2007 	Very Nice Time	Although I stayed here about a year ago I figured better late that never.My boyfriend and I spend a weekend at the hotel booking the Romance package. We live in Montreal so just took public trasport to the hotel, this hotel can even be accessed from the underground, so you don't have to go outside if it's cold or raining. Check In was very smooth and right up to our room. The was a nice king bed with lots of pillows and fluffy covers. We had a nice view of downtown. The bathroom was also nice.We have the buffet breakfast in the morning as it was included on our package and we both found it to be very good, lots of selection, fruits, cereal, waffle maker...In the evening they brought us a bottle of sparkling wine and chocolate covered strawberries, very good.All in all we both had a wonderful weekend.	
Mar 15 2007 	Clean friendly close to the Bell Centre	My boyfriend and I found a great rate online (at the Mariott web site itself) and stopped over here before heading South for holidays. We had pre-booked to go to the Bell Centre for a hockey game and so location was very important.The hotel was clean, the staff friendly, and the room spacious. The food at the restaurant was expensive but VERY tasty and worth the price.Our only complaint was that we never actually received our wakeup call (we had a 6:30 plane to catch).. fortunately we had a backup alarm clock that came through.I'd certainly stay here again during my next visit to Montreal. Highly recommended!	
Mar 3 2007	I would stay here again	We stayed for 3 days at the Marriott Chateau Champlain in February. We took the via trian to Montreal, and the hotel was located conveniently a 2 minute walk away. Our room was clean and had an amazing view of the city of Montreal. The beds were very comfortable with a big fluffy duvet. Our stay included buffet breakfast each morning. The food was typical for a buffet, not great, but not bad either. We visited the bar downstairs on a couple of occasions, and although the staff was very friendly, the food was not very good. I was a little disappointed with it. We did not eat dinner in the hotel restaurant so I can not comment on that food. The hotel had good fitness facilities and a pool and hot tub. We worked out twice and swam and used the hot tub. Although the hotel was further from Old Montreal than we expected, it was too cold to be wanderiing around outside anyways. We took taxis to where we needed to go or used the underground tunnels which are quite extensive. All in all we really enjoyed our stay and would go back to this hotel again.	
Jan 14 2007 	Great Hotel	Standard Marriott hotel - great. Nice location (though bit outside old Montreal), close to the central station &amp; the underground shopping. Great breakfast (16$C).	
Jan 7 2007 	You always know what to expect at the Marriott!	Beautiful hotel and great location. Clean and comfortable rooms. Outstanding service. Marriott is always my first choice and I would definitely return or recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 23 2006 	Great hotel in a good location	I recently stayed 20 nights at the Montreal Marriott Chateau Champlain, November 20 2006 to December 10 2006. The Montreal Marriott Chateau Champlain has a good location; two blocks from Sainte-Catherine and its many restaurants and department stores; and the hotel is completely smoke free, which is nice. I had a standard room, 336 square feet (31 square meters), with a king bed, located on the 19th floor, with a view of downtown Montreal.I was very pleased with my room even if some of the furniture and part of the walls begin to show signs of wear and tear. The air condition worked perfectly and the water pressure in the shower was good.The bed was very comfortable, and the complementary wireless high-speed internet worked perfectly.I ordered room service at one occasion and it was good. The housekeeping was fine and my room was clean the whole time. My room was very quite and I could not hear anything from my neighbors, even if I was a little disturbed when some of my neighbors were slamming their doors. I could hear the elevators but I was not disturbed by them or the ice-machine. It was enough of TV channels for me and I was able to watch NFL on Thursdays, Sundays and Mondays. I was also able to watch all the games by the Montreal Canadians and some other hockey games as well. Hockey night in Canada on Saturdays is a must for a hockey fan. The only less good with my room was that there were no safe in the room.There are five fast elevators in the hotel and I did not need to wait long for an elevator, except on Saturdays. On Saturdays it was more people using the elevators when I needed them and I had to wait perhaps 5 minutes before an elevator came to my floor. The lobby is very impressive. It is perfect as a meeting point or just to be seated in the comfortable chairs located in the lobby and relax. I had dinner in the restaurant located in the premises of the hotel, Restaurant Samuel de Champlain, and it was very good but a little expensive. If you only would like to have a sandwich or a coffee and a muffin I can recommend a small restaurant called Le Muffin. It is located in the end of the hallway passing Restaurant Samuel de Champlain. I was at the le muffin 7-8 times during my 20 days, having a warm sandwich and a bottle of water.If you would like to have a nice fast food experience and like Thai food, you can go to the Thai Express located in the food court at the Simons department store, two blocks from Marriott Chateau Champlain, at Sainte-Catherine and Metcalfe. I have been to this Thai Express many times during my trips to Montreal. During my previous visits to Montreal, I have stayed at Clarion Hotel &amp; Suites Downtown, Hotel Maritime Plaza, Le Montfort (four times), La Presidence Deluxe Apartments, Hotel Omni Mont-Royal, and now Marriott Chateau Champlain. Montreal Marriott Chateau Champlain is the best hotel experience I have had so far in Montreal. I would definitely recommend this hotel and I would stay at Marriott Chateau Champlain the next time I am in Montreal.	
Dec 21 2006 	Warm comfortable super hotel	After staying at the Ultra modern and disappointing W Montreal, I was very happy to walk into the warm, charming lobby of Chateau Champlain. The king size bed was one of the most comfortable beds ever and the room itself was spacious with a great bathroom, ironing board, blowdryer...everything we needed. The hotel even had a great selection of movies we could purchase. Room service was great, Everything was great. I will stay at this hotel the next time I visit Montreal. It really is a true gem!	
Dec 4 2006 	A Little Piece Of French Heaven	This hotel was absolutely HEAVENLY! I can't even think of one complaint. Great location, beautiful rooms, wonderful restaurants, elegant, luxurious, the best! Even the elevators speak french!I would highly recommend this hotel. The bed and pillows were the most comfortable I've ever experienced in a hotel. The room and bathroom were both quite large. I felt very pampered and loved every minute of it.Perfect place....short walk to downtown Montreal. Staff was very accomodating. Gay friendly hotel.	
Nov 26 2006 	4 stars for sure	Perfect location if you want to be able to walk to shop, go to restaurants and Old Towne. Beautifully appointed rooms, quiet, wonderful staff and concierge service and terrific inhouse amenities, including an indoor pool one can actually swim in, bar and restaurant, etc. Very reasonably priced through hotels.com.	
Oct 17 2006 	Great location for a city visit	Hotel: This Marriott is centrally located, walking distance to the old city and downtown. We found having a Metro stop right below the hotel nice, esp after a long day. The rooms were decent size and tastefully appointed. The bar at the Marriott was really pricy- my martini was $13- even with the strong dollar, that's a bit muchGreat down pillows and comforters. Out on the town : We enjoyed two local spots for breakfast- Cafe Cora and Eggcentric- both moderately priced, great food and full of local color. Th walking tour of the old city was very informative aand covered a great deal in the 90 minutes. We also liked the ooutside cafes at Plaza St Jacques.	
Oct 2 2006 	Beaucoup Kudos for Montreal's Marriott	We just returned from a weekend at this hotel and it was a superb experience at a very reasonable rate. Distinguishing features include: convenient location, lovely room with terrific view through unique floor to ceiling half-moon window, prompt and courteous service at every level, delicious buffet breakfasts for 2 included in the weekend rate of $199(Canadian) per night.	
Sep 27 2006 	Comfiest bed I ever slept in!	I stayed at the Marriott Chateau Champlain from August 9th-17th while I was attending a conference at the Fairmont nearby. I was really impressed with a number of features of the hotel, namely:Huge, exceptionally comfortable bed - about 9 pillows of different types, a duvet and a mattress topper all added to the comfort.Free wifi - this may come as standard in many North American hotels, but for a Brit used to paying about $10 USD per hour for wifi access in the UK (scandalous!), the free and easy access to the Internet from every room was fantastic.Spacious rooms, separate dressing areas, clean bathroom with power showers, lovely orange and ginger toiletries.Staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel's location was fantastic - within easy walking distance of shops, restaurants, tourist sites. An elevator in the hotel provides direct access to the metro and underground city meaning that you don't even need to step outside in bad weather.Breakfast was good, the waiters were charming.The hotel offered everything I could possibly need for my 10 night stay and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 26 2006 	When hotels were romantic...	My domestic partner and I stayed at the Chateau Champlain for our birthdays (both in September) for 4 nights. We are both originally from Montreal.Romance still works at &quot;the Chateau Champlain&quot;. Ideally located in the very heart of downtown Montreal, it is perfect for shopping as well as for business travelers. The tourist bureau where most sightseeing tours start is located just across the park which faces the hotel. The Chateau Champlain, nicknamed the &quot;cheese grater&quot; by montrealers due to its unique architecture, was originally built for the 1967 World Fair. It is known since then for hosting wedding and graduation receptions mostly. It also caters to business travelers as well as hockey teams and their fans. It is less than 1 block away from the Bell Center and is in the core of the business district. The rooms are small but romantic and funished in the victorian style. I loved the old fashioned dressing area adjacent to the marble bathroom. The ambiance of the room is a bit retro but very classy; I for one liked it for it is different. The beds are super comfortable too. The Chateau Champlain also provides its guest with a private elevator straight to the metro station underneath and its own bridge over the street straight into the park: cool! :-)Well... a picture is worth a thousand words ... so I put a few. Enjoy!	
Sep 25 2006	Excellent hotel highly recommended.	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and loved every minute of it. The hotel is in a excellent location, the staff are very helpful and polite, the rooms are very clean and the service is A1. The hotel staff were very kind in giving me a room on the 31st floor and the views were spectactular. The hotel is also directly above the Metro which makes it very convenient for catching the train and walking through the underground system. I highly recommend booking directly through the hotel website as we were able to book all 5 nights for a very reasonable rate. 5 star service for a 3 star price!!! Would definately stay here again!!!!!	
Sep 22 2006 	Positive experience over Labor Day weekend	My husband and I went to Montreal for three nights to celebrate our anniversary and we were pleased with the hotel. The location is truly fantastic -- many of the places we visited were within walking distance and the metro is under the hotel and easy to access. The area felt very safe to us and we were out each night. The staff was polite and helpful. We received a couple of gifts and they were delivered and situated in our room in our absence. I did find that the front desk was a bit understaffed as we had to wait a little too long to check in. As for our room, I agree that the views are excellent. Request a room overlooking Dorchester Square and you'll have a great view of the city! Our bathroom was nice and clean. I found that the rest of the amenities in the room were average and what I expected from a Marriott - clean and satisfactory.	
Sep 4 2006 	Great location	I'll start off by saying that my wife and I are Asian as well and we did not encounter the same problems at the Marriott Chateau Champlain. We were greeted warmly by the bell captain and front desk staff. We received complimentary bottle of water and chocolate after we arrived in our room. Though the room was slightly worn, the view we received was incredible, overlooking the park, toward Mont Royal. The concierge helped us get a reservation for Au Pied de Cochon and gave us tips on Vieux Montreal. The hotel itself is right on top of the Montreal subway and provides easy access to the transportation for exploring the city. I think overall we had good experience there.	
Aug 28 2006 	Discrimination - stay away if you're Asian	My parents and I stayed at Marriott Chateau Champlain for a week in August 2006. The service was terrible and the bell captain ignored us when we needed to order a taxi to the airport. We were one of few Asians who stayed at this hotel and we were badly treated. This hotel service was one of the worst from the Marriott chain and we were greatly disappointed. It was not worth the money. Go somewhere else.	
Aug 19 2006 	The Marriott - swings and roundabouts	Stayed here while at a conference. The best things are the views and the breakfast. The rooms do mostly have great views in various directions over downtown Montreal. The breakfast was excellent value - I had a meeting at the Intercontinental one morning and they charged 50 per cent more for half the selection on the buffet - with helpful and attentive dining room staff. Generally the staff worked hard to offer a pleasant experience. However, the bedrooms do feel a little shabby, although the beds are comfortable and the cleaning is of a high standard. Some of the furniture seems to have seen better days and fittings were begin to need maintenance - the closet doors, for example, didn't fit properly. I don't think this is yet a serious objection but it soon will be. The pool was nice but would soon get crowded - I went at 07:00 because I was waking early with jet lag and it was fine, although a little short to get really good exercise. Location is excellent - everywhere you would want to walk is within 10-15 minutes and there is a Metro station right underneath the hotel. Overall, I thought it was pretty good value, but I would be interested to see what reviewers think next year if there isn't some meaningful refurbishment in the meantime.	
Aug 16 2006 	Great Hotel	I was in Montreal for a bachelor party the last weekend of July 2006. After a bit of comparison shopping, I discovered that this Marriott seemed to offer the best value... cheapest rate for the most amenities.I had a great stay and I think it really does offer fantastic value. The rooms were nice, the beds extremely comfortable, and the room and bathroom were very clean. The hotel was also centrally located and an easy walk to most of the areas where we wanted to go, including Crescent street for bars and Old Montreal for our steak house dinner (as I mentioned we were there for a bachelor party). The only thing that was less than ideal for us is that the hotel pool is indoors and considering we were there at the end of July it would have been much more pleasant lounging by an outdoor pool. But of course, if I were writing this review after a stay at the hotel in January I'm sure I'd be referencing the indoor pool as a major positive.	
Aug 15 2006	Was Fine	The hotel was well-located. The room furnishings were just ok, but the bed (mattress and bedding) was great. Bathroom was adequate, but old-fashioned 60's style closet/dressing area had a nice lighted mirror which made it great for putting on makeup while someone else used the bathroom. Had a direct entrance to the Metro which was quite convenient and was an easy walk to most downtown locations (including the underground). Staff was fine, but although Concierge tried to be helpful, she twice gave us inaccurate directions - one time many miles off. We heard this happened to another guest too.	
Aug 13 2006 	Spectacular views	Every room in this hotel has a spectacular view of this magnificant city! You really can't go wrong staying here in that regard. And, yes, the beds are as comfortable as others have said! In an era of the ever shrinking hotel room, it was a pleasant surprise to have such a good-sized room with a wardrobe area. As well, I echo the comments of others about the convenience of its location for both business and leisure travellers. My criticism is that the rooms are a bit shabby. Ours smelt a stuffy (like old smoke and old carpet, although it was supposedly a non-smoking room). Some of the furniture is was nicked, past its prime; the carpets a little worse for wear. We tried room service on 3 occasions: It's a little expensive for the quality, but it's more than adequate for a hot meal after a long day of work or siteseeing. The creme brulee was disappointing; the mushroom soup and burger are just OK; but the oatmeal with green apples is out of this world yummy!	
Aug 5 2006 	Great Hotel!	The Marriott Chateau Champlain was a great hotel. The concierge and bellboys are very helpful. The rooms all have huge windows that give a great view of the city. The beds are extremely comfortable and the sheets are very soft. The hotel overall was very clean. Dont worry about hvaing to speak french when you got to montreal. No one that i met did not speak english. This hotel was amazing and i woul reccomend it to anyone wanting to stay in montreal. It is within walking distance of most tourist attractions like Rue Ste. Catharine and Old Montreal and the Metro stop in th hotel is very convenient if you want to go to the olympic stadium or biodome.	
Jul 30 2006 	Great place to stay!	This is the perfect location in Montreal. We stayed there for 4 nights. The staff were very friendly and helpful even though the hotel was fully booked. Our room was located on the 12th floor and it was very large and bright and I loved the bay windows that gave you a fantastic view of the city. I was not too impressed with the Gym and swimming pool. They could do with an overhaul. The hotel is centrally located and most areas of interest were within walking distance. The tourism office is less than a 5 minute walk. Old Montreal is about a 15 -20 minute walk. Rue Sainte Catherine is about 5-10 minute walk and McGill University is about a 15-20 minute walk. You can take an elevator which is located behind the concierge desk to the metro and all of the underground shopping areas. The Casino shuttle bus also picks up people from the front of the hotel. I'll stay at this hotel again when I go to Montreal.	
Jul 23 2006 	You could do a lot worse than stay here!	The first thing I have to say about this hotel is that the staff are amongst the friendliest and helpful I've come across. They didn't mind me my practising my bit of &quot;Francais&quot;, even though I'm not great at the language, and reverted to English when they saw I was struggling! The rooms are really nice. The decor is dated in the best possible way, a welcome change to the bland modern decor you get in a lot of places. The beds are wonderfully comfortable and the rooms have a coffee maker, TV, air conditioning and nice big bathrooms with plenty of towels and toiletries. The only gripe I would have is that two small cartons of milk isn't enough for the 4 cups of coffee the machine makes. Apart from this small gripe, I can't fault the Marriott. I was attending a conference in the Sheraton, which is literally around the corner, and the main thoroughfare is only a couple of minutes away. Also, the bus to the airport departs regularly from the front of the hotel (the doorman is helpful with times etc), so all in all it's in an ideal location. Finally, the hotel bar is nice with a nice bar food menu at reasonable prices (for Montreal). So if you're going to Montreal, you could sure do worse than stay at the Marriott! Oh, and don't forget, it's the done thing here to tip the maid between $1 and $2 a day, so be nice, they do a great job!	
Jul 22 2006 	Excellent for the Comedy Festival	My wife and I are just back from spending a &quot;Sweet Deal&quot; in Montreal and attended their wonderful comedy festival, Just for Laughs. We spent 3 nights (3rd night half price) at the Marriott Chateau Champlain and found it well worth the price! From the doorman to the bell boys to the housekeeper, everyone was helpful, bilingual and knowledgeable. The breakfast buffet also included in the sweet deal included many hot and cold items that satisfied us until finding a place for supper. Coupons, shower gel and pamphlets made up a complimentary gift bag. Ice cream was brought to our room on sign in as well!Just for Laughs is an outstanding festival that has something for everybody and we found the hotel was up to our visit! We found this hotel's attention to detail was no &quot;laughing matter&quot; and will be back next year.	
Jul 22 2006	Would Stay Here Again	Loved this hotel. Was a little concerned that I did not speak french, but was NOT a problem after all. Everyone spoke english and had no problems communicating. The room was great - larger than the Sheraton downtown where my friends had stayed. But the best thing about our room was the bed! It was so inviting with all the pillows and comforter. When you lay down on the bed, you just did not want to get up because it was so soft and comfortable. We didn't eat at the restaurant, but ordered room service for breakfast &amp; was very pleased. The one thing we were missing were the slippers &amp; bathrobe that my sister received in her room. Not a big deal though because we only stayed for one night. The lobby was big and &quot;posh&quot; with several stores. The bell man &amp; concierge were very helpfull, even suggesting where and when to visit &quot;tourist&quot; areas. Overall, would definetly come back if next time around.	
Jul 18 2006	Not #1 Hotel in Downtown Montreal But Very Nice	Marriott has done a good job adding plushness to the lobby and beds. This hotel is about 40 years old, so needed some refurbishing. It is worthwhile to ask for a high floor--views from the half-moon shaped windows are superb--beds are great, but for some reason they didn't upgrade the towels to match. There is some odd, amateurish carpentry work in the bathroom and adjoining dressing area which takes away from the feeling of a first-class hotel. However, very clean, nicely furnished, excellent location, well-designed building with good insulation from traffic noise, good service--one of the better large hotels in downtown Montreal, if not the absolute best. We enjoyed a very comfortable stay.	
Jul 9 2006	Nice Hotel Nice Location	While the hotel itself is not the best I've been to, it is decent and its location is excellent. The best part of the hotel by far was the connection it has with the metro and underground mall in Montreal. This was very helpful when getting from one part of the city to another. The rooms were pretty standard. The bed was nice, although it did affect my back a bit but that may be a personal problem. The only really downgrade I would give the room was the shower which changed from cold to very hot and then back to cold every minute or so. This was sort of annoying and perhaps dangerous for smaller children if they don't know how to operate the shower control. All in all, it was a nice hotel and we were able to get an $85 rate which made it even nicer. I maybe would have a different opinion if I had paid in excess of $200.	
Jul 1 2006	Wow! What a hotel!	It is as they always say: &quot;You get what you pay for&quot;. This hotel was expensive, but what a hotel. I normally don't sleep well if I am not in my own bed, but I certainly slept well in the bed at this hotel. The mattresses were really good which you don't often get. The rooms were spotless (I am a very fussy customer when it comes to cleanliness). The staff at the front desk were most helpful. Our car which was parked at valet parking was delivered promptly. We were on a high floor and the view was great. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 27 2006	AWESOME!	We really enjoyed our stay at the MArriott Chateau Champlaign. This hotel is very nice and centrally located. The rooms were very accomodating and WOW, what a view! The hotel staff was very friendly in all the areas, from the front desk to the restaurants to the doorman. I do not understand why others have rated this hotel as poor. It is a very classy, comfortable and centrally located hotel. THUMBS UP from our family.	
Jun 13 2006	Central location	I used my Marriott points to stay at the hotel. I was disappointed that as a Silver Member I was not on the concierge level and did not have access to the concierge breakfast. I don't know if it is just this hotel or all Marriott's, but I use to have this access. The hotel is in a central location within a decent walk of most attractions. It is also above a metro station and close to the train station.The restaurant food was good but a bit pricey. We arrived late and ate dinner at 9:00 PM when it was practically empty, but the service from our waitress was really slow. She seemed to disappear for 20 minutes at a time. Having a King size bed is nice, but the comfort is just average. There are stairs to enter the hotel so I am not sure how a handicap person would enter. We had a tough time taking our daughter out of the stroller each time we wanted to exit or enter the hotel. If I did not use my points, I would definitely have stayed at a smaller boutique hotel.	
Jun 11 2006	Comfort and convenience in Montreal	We spent two days at the Chateau Champlain and were very impressed with the accommodations: The room was large, bright and airy, the bed exceptionally comfortable, and the location could not be better: within easy walking distance to the business district, the historic old district, the university and shopping district, as well as direct access to the Underground city. Highly recommended.	
Jun 10 2006 	Good location friendly staff but a bit tired	I stayed in this hotel for a week in May 2006. The rooms were clean and the bed great but a little tired and in need of some paint work. Maintenance was poor as the air con died twice during my trip as did the toilet flush. No seal around the door which lit up the room at night and meant that I felt a part of what ever was going on in the corridor. Staff were friendly and helpful however and things were fixed. Food was of a good standard and room service excellent.	
May 23 2006 	Conveneniet and hospitable	Very nice location with very good views on the side of the building was on (facing Place du Canada). Was able to see some beautiful and not-so-beautiful buildings. The Metro stop underneath the hotel was incredibly, incredibly, incredibly convenient. The Montreal Underground is ultimately very silly and the hotel staff did us a service by not emphasizing it to us. The room was better than the dated Marriott room I have gotten used to. The new Marriott beds and linens were extraordinary. The batroom was a 8 one a scale of 1-10. The showerhead was above my head. The curtain was flimsy though. I really liked the closet/dressing area outside the bath that could be closed off from the rest of the room. The rooms furnishings (desk table, side tables, armoir) were more than adequate. The free wireless, in room internet was a big bonus (other Marriotts take note). The oddly shaped window was huge and gave a spectacular view. I slept with the curtains open a couple of nights to see the lights form the tall buildings and Ste. Catherine. It is a huge hotel with very little in the way of in-hotel dining and entertainment options. Which is good when a hotel is is downtown and on the train line. There was plenty nearby. But sometimes it would have been nice to have a restaurant or bar choice. Considering the hotel has over 30 floors, you would think there would be more than just one small lobby bar. The staff in the bar was great though. Just not much bourbon in Canada. The front desk was great as well. The operator was slow getting to calls though.I really would have enjoyed the hotel more if the Habs were still playing (their season ended a week earlier than my arrival). The arena shares the same Metro stop and the older and more beautiful of the two train stations were between the two buildings. For Americans who are afraid of a language barrier, everyone I met at the hotel spoke English and was friendlly when switching to English from the native tongue. The staff when answering the phone eventually defaulted to English.	
May 18 2006	Chateau Champlain Marriot- Nice Hotel	For our second trip to Montreal in December 2005, we decided to stay at Marriott Chateau Champlain after reading some mixed reviews. The rate was $250 CAD for 2 nights. I have to say I really liked this hotel. The location was great and we had a fantastic view of the city and mountain (you have to request a higher floor and city view). The staff was really friendly. Our package included buffet breakfast, which was good, and a gift on arrival. The room was clean and it was true that the bathroom was dated but NOT as bad as what some critics made it out to be. Our only problem occurred as we arrived back one night, as there was a strong scent of smoke. We called the concierge and they immediately offered another room and upgraded it. I'm glad we chose to stay at this hotel...its view is worth the money alone!	
May 16 2006	Good Hotel. Great Location.	Just stayed at the Chateau Marriott Champlain and had a wonderful time. We were on the 30th floor with a great view of the city. The room decor looked new, and everything was very clean and neat. The location is great, as the hotel is located right on the metro line. It was about a 20 minute walk to the Old Port and about a 10 minute walk to the Golden Mile.Definitely an excellent choice for a weekend in Montreal.	
May 8 2006 	A good experience but not a great one	The hotel could use a bit of an update. The rooms are on the smallish side and the decor needs a refresher. The armoire held a TV, but no dresser to store your clothes. On the plus side, the views are nice and the beds are super comfortable (best sleep I've had at a hotel in a while). The fitness center is adequate (but pool seemed sort of nasty); the hotel staff was courteous; dry cleaning service was prompt and the subway stop at the bottom of the hotel was very convenient. Not a bad experience overall, but I expected a little more for the rate.	
Apr 30 2006	Outstanding	Stayed here for 7 nights in April.........room was great and the view is unreal. If you're planning a trip to Montreal, stay at the Marriott.	
Apr 11 2006	GREAT GREAT GREAT	The Montreal Marriott Chateau Champlain is great! Great location, great staff and great view from the rooms! Everybody took care of us like we were the only customers! The new Marriott Beds are fantastic, with the numerous pilows! The hotel is connected by the underground to the Via Train Station and shopping - you don't even need to go outside!	
Apr 5 2006 	First and last stay here	I just returned home after staying at the Marriott for four nights. I do not recommend this hotel. While the rooms were ok, the service was terrible. I felt that we were treated in a rude, almost disdainful manner by the front desk staff (and manager) and that answering questions or being of service was not in their job description. There were a few pleasant exceptions (Peter, the bell captain, was very nice and helpful), but overall, there were too many mistakes made and an unwillingness to correct the mistakes or problem-solve to find an acceptable solution. The tone was, &quot;like it or lump it&quot;. Oh yes, the plumber who came to fix our toilet was very nice, too--although he couldn't completely fix it, he tried very hard and apologized for the inconvenience. The only good things about the hotel were the convenient location, the accessibility of the Metro from the hotel lobby, the abundance of pillows on the beds, the view of the city from our window, and the breakfast buffet. One server (I didn't get his name) is a waffle expert--he will make you a beautiful, delicious strawberry waffle as part of the buffet if you ask. If you do decide to stay here, make sure you say that you require a guarantee of the type of room you want (don't just request it, tell them that you want a confirmed guarantee) and be specific. Then make them stick to it when you arrive. Be persistent, be firm, and don't back down until you get the type of room you requested. It is exhausting, it is a hassle, but necessary.Also, make sure that if you require a non-smoking room, insist that the housekeeper not smoke in the room while s/he is making up the room. Also, make sure that if you lose something that if you contact lost and found and they say that they don't have it, don't take no for an answer. Contact housekeeping (apparently housekeeping doesn't always turn things into the lost and found) and if you still don't get help, find someone who is willing to go into the housekeeping office to look around for you--that is the only way we finally recovered our car keys. On second thought, if you stay here, just use the valet service for your car--it costs more, but then you'll have fewer hassles all the way around. Finally, if you are in a time crunch, call way ahead of the time you need a bellhop--we waited over 45 minutes for service. There are other hotels in the same general area as the Marriott, and next time I plan on trying one of them. Will I return to the Marriott? No.	
Mar 24 2006	Gorgeous room mixed service reviews	This hotel is quite lovely, with extremely comfortable king size beds, lots of pillows, and great down duvets. Definitely a nice choice for a romantic getaway, business travellers, singles and couples alike. I managed to get a good rate of ~$145 and probably wouldn't spend more than that to stay at this ohtel in the future.As a loyal Marriott rewards member, my upper floor request was granted, and check-in was polite and efficient. The room was beautiful and certainly very well appointed. After searching around for a phone book, I called down to request one be brought to the room, along with some toothpaste. Shortly thereafter, an older gentleman brought toothpaste. I noticed he had no phone book, and he asked me if I was sure that I had not found a phonebook in the room. I said I had checked all cupboards and drawers, and he mentioned that was very odd. He then asked if he could enter the room to check for himself. I found this a bit odd, however allowed him to do so. Sure enough (and much to my dismay), one of the drawers contained a phone book...at the back. When I first opened the drawer to find one, I guess I didn't open it far enough. I felt a little silly and apologized, and the gentleman seemed pleased to have proven me wrong.At any rate, a wonderfully restful sleep, fabulous breakfast brought promptly to my room in the morning at the requested time, and very friendly room service lady, asking if I had had a restful night's sleep.Wonderful check-out agent, however I had anticipated paying with my debit (bank) card, and not my credit card. They don't take bank/cash/debit cards, unfortunately. I did find that quite odd.The concierge was helpful in storing my luggage for the afternoon, despite the doormen who do not step outside to assist you upon arrival, nor open doors. I'm not sure why they stand there at all, then?In conclusion, I loved the room, loved the breakfast service and check-in agents, however the bellmen who do not wish to assist and the gentleman who did not believe I had no phone book in my room did leave a bitter taste in my mouth.But I would stay there again.	
Mar 23 2006	A montreal favorite	We live in Vermont, an easy three hour drive from downtown Montreal, so we have been frequent visitors for the past 15 years or more to various hotels in the downtown area. When the price is right, the Marriott can be a very good deal. We booked under the &quot;Sweet Deal&quot; promotion, which included free buffet breakfast for two. I agree with the reviewer who stated that the service at breakfast was somewhat formal. We found it not to be the waitstaff, but rather the overly formal &quot;host&quot; who seemed to pride himself on intimidating those who entered his domain. We were happy not to see him again on Sunday! Buffet was OK, but not the best.Rooms: When I booked I was told that some rooms were more &quot;deluxe&quot; in furnishings, but all were the same size, not including suites. I believe our room was more deluxe as it did not look at all like the room posted by another tripadvisor member. It actually was quite lovely, with a crisp white duvet, a nice array of 6 pillows and a neckroll, beautiful drapes and new carpeting.(We were on the 18th floor overlooking the park). The bathroom itself was small, but the separate dressing area was nice and made the room seem larger. No robes. There was also the usual table with two armchairs, and a desk with high speed internet that worked fine.The pool and hot tub were nicely heated although very crowded with families and children. No locker area for changing, which I found to be not acceptable for a hotel of this class. Also an attendant nearly ripped the towel off my 6 year old son's shoulders as were leaving the pool area to go back to our room. Without a changing room, how does one return to their room without being soaking wet? This I found to be innapropriate. Hotel-service-respect for guests?? Location: A good location, a new underground connection will allow you to walk underground all the way to Old Port. Great in cold weather. Not too far from Chinatown and St. Catherine. Bell Center right next door has indoor skating, fun to do or just watch.Parking: Self park under hotel, very busy week days, Saturday &amp; Sunday nearly empty. SUV's may not fit, but valet parking is available outside for bigger vehicles. $14.00 self park per day, a good price for downtown.Overall we like this hotel. We do have two or three other properties we prefer for overall service and room size, but if the price is right the Marriott is a good choice.	
Jan 15 2006	Try it for yourself !	We visited 12/26 until 01/01 and what a fantastic stay we had. We were worried having read previous reports that the hotel might disappoint - but absolutely not! The rooms were very comfortable for 3 of us and the view was breathtaking over to Mont Royale. The staff (every one of them) could not have been more helpful and pleasant. The hotel is centrally located and you need never go outside to get anywhere if you so wish. The facilities are first class and the subway is accessed directly from the hotel.We have already recommended this hotel to family and friends, and when we next visit we know exactly where to stay - right here. Try it for yourself and you're in for a treat.	
Jan 7 2006	I can't wait to go back	We stayed the New Year's weekend at the Chateau Champlain. Our room was big, bright, and airy. Also, the large, crescent shaped windows provided us with plenty of sunlight and a magnificent view of Mt. Royale. The hotel staff was pleasant and informative. The Plaza level gym is bigger than most hotel gyms and provided me with the much needed exercise to work off the sumptuous buffet breakfasts I consumed at the hotel restaurant each morning. The hotel is centrally located in downtown Montreal, and we didn't have to leave the hotel to use the Metro trains as there is a subway station directly beneath the hotel.I had a wonderful vacation, and my next trip to Montreal is already booked. Guess which hotel?	
Dec 1 2005	One more well worn hotel	This hotel is in serious need of a face-lift and more staff. It is hard to tell when the rooms were last re-done, but too long ago is part of the answer. There is mildew in the shower, about a dozen coats of paint on all painted surfaces and the wall paper in the bathroom has serious water damage. On the bright side, the wireless Internet access is well above average and free for the first night.It was difficult (read this a 10 minute discussion) to get the non-smoking room I'd reserved, however, the staff did finally seem to find one after I waited in line twice (front desk seemed understaffed for the number of rooms in this hotel). Service in the restaurant is also very slow (although polite); from what I could tell they had 2 servers for the entire venue and lots of impatient customers.It would seem this hotel is just too busy to stop and refurbish, but it certaily needs it.	
Nov 17 2005	What a nice hotel!...	I stayed here for 4 nights in October of 2005. The location is awesome, you don't even have to go outside to catch the metro. The breakfast buffet is very good, although a little expensive. The hotel is also in close proximity to Saint Catherine. The rooms were nice and clean, housekeeping did a great job everyday. All my requests were fulfilled and the staff was very friendly. I enjoyed my stay and I would definitely stay again, I found a great bargain on Expedia.	
Sep 16 2005	Great Views	Great value during &quot;sweet deals&quot;, nice hot tub, views unmatched, a must stay during sweet deals.	
Sep 11 2005 	Disappointed not up to Marriott standards	Spent 3 nights here on business trip. I have a king bed which is very comfortable and the vanity area is very nice for keeping your clothes, luggage, and other stuff out of the way...since the room is not that big. Wi-fi works fine for me.Bathroom is showing its age, leaky tubs with poor water pressure, toilet with stains and LOOSE toilet seat, which had gone unfixed for the duration of the stay despite my informing the clerk the night I checked in. The towels are a mix bag collection of yellow, off-white, white, and some of the above with stains.Service is not what I would expect from a Marriott. Check-in clerk, bell men, and door men were all rude. Check-in clerk rolled her eyes when I asked her to put in my Rewards number into the reservation. How dare I forgot to put it in when I booked the room! I had a late flight leaving so I wanted to leave my bag at the bell desk. Both bell men in morning and afternoon shifts asked me to haul my own bag and put it onto the shelf in the luggage room. The door man was rude when asked how often the shuttle comes by. He screamed 20 minutes and wanted nothing more to do with me. Refused to tell me when the last one was here, told me to just wait at the curb.Definitely NOT worth the $200/night price tag. It's completely 1-star service. Steer clear of this place and try the Delta, Sheraton, or W instead.	
Aug 28 2005	Nice enough but won't return	I stayed at the Marriott Chateau Champlain for 4 nights, after searching to find the most impressive hotel I could afford for my holiday. We usually stay at 4-5 star hotels for our anniversary, so I was expecting a certain level of impressiveness at the Chateau Champlain, which is apparently a four star hotel. Unfortunately I was fairly disappointed.Firstly, in all fairness, I must mention that the staff are excellent. Everyone from the front desk team to the waitstaff to the bellmen to the cleaning maids themselves went out of their way to be friendly and provide top service. I have rarely encountered such remarkable staff in a hotel. There was nothing that they would not do for us. We had only to ask.Furthermore, it is quite convenient to everything. We walked EVERYWHERE with ease, and you can see the Marriott sign high up in the sky to orient yourself and find your way back to the hotel. The Metro is connected to the hotel, which was even better. But after visiting Montreal I noticed that pretty much *any* hotel, *anywhere* in the city was convenient. However, the hotel itself is in need of a major facelift. The showers (and I stayed in two rooms over the 4 days) functioned more like a harshly spraying garden hose than anything else. The worst showers, BAR NONE, that I have ever encountered (even in a 2 star hotel). The bathroom tiles, while clearly genuine marble, looked very old and yellowed. The toilets did not flush well, and a few of the yellowed towels stood out amongst the newer bright-white ones. Maybe this will not matter to you, but a luxurious bathroom is the most important sign, to me, that I have entered a high class hotel.The room itself looks much like a Holiday-Inn type of room. Nothing remarkable, but nothing real to complain about except a few stains on the ceiling and general wear and tear on furniture. The first room I was in lacked a working internet port, and the second room's socket failed half way through my stay when the entire outlet died for no reason that I could discern.All in all, nothing real to complain about, but apart from the service in the hotel we were left severely underwhelmed by the Chateau Champlain and will definitely not return.	
Aug 28 2005	loved the hotel	Just returned from a trip to Montreal,and stayed for 6 days in the MarriottChateau Champlain, very friendley Staff, Did not try the pool, Room was very nice, and private, Breakfast was excellant, Loved the decor of the Hotel, Bar was nice, Food very good.Bar Staff above avarage.Close to shopping,and sights.Overall I was delighted with this hotel.	
Aug 21 2005	Somewhat Dissapointed....	I recently stayed at the Marriott Chateau Champlain for 3 nights. The guy checking us in did the bare minimum to be friendly. Swipe our cards and gave us our keys (we had two rooms) and that was it. The room had some hard usage. The chairs had holes in them. There were spots on the ceilings that looked like water stains. The worst was they have no in-room safe. Most places I stay in have those electronic safes, but nothing here. The beds were ok, nothing special. The pool was small, and the water was cold and hard to get used to. The pool attendant was watching everyone and made me feel uncomfortable. I was very excited about staying there, but the hotel turned out to be more of a 3 star, and thats being generous.	
Aug 18 2005	Very nice but very slow internet	I was very pleased with the hotel; location, room, view, staff, cleanliness was all excellent. The one big dissapointment is the Internet connection. It's nice that it's free but it is SOOOO slow.	
Jul 31 2005	Not bad better options in the area	We stayed here in late July for one night. The location was good with the Bonaventure metro station across the street and Gare Centrale (main train station) nearby. The room was average and not the best value for the price. We preferred the location of the Residence Inn Downtown because it was a better value and a little closer to the many restaurant and shopping options on rue Ste-Catherine Ouest, rue Peel, etc.	
Jul 29 2005	VERY IMPRESSIVE	We found this to be a very good hotel.It was ideally situated to explore both old and new Montreal.Our room was on the 28th floor and afforded a superb view of the city. The room itself was very spacious and spotlessly clean and tidy.Staff were very attentive to our needs, always helpful and informative.If I should return to Montreal i would not hesitate to use this hotel again.	
Jul 5 2005	Nice hotel and location horrible service	This is the third time I have stayed at this hotel in the last 2 years and the second time that I have had issues with them. First problem is they did not honour their offer of 100 Marriott dollars when booking with a VISA card - it took many phone calls and a lot of time (wasted) in order to get what they clearly advertised on their website. Now this time, my reservation indicated one rate, but the hotel charged me another rate ($40 more). I did not have my confirmation email with me, so when I called the Marriott after I got back, I received poor service and the problem still is not resolved after 3 phone calls...not what I would expect from a $200+ per night hotel.That said, the hotel rooms are of decent size, the beds OK, washrooms pretty good. The location is fantastic, about a 3 block walk to St Catherine Street.Dont think Ill be staying again though...the service is brutal.	
Jul 4 2005	Great Place!!	Just came back from the Marriott for July Canada Day Long Weekend ... Have stayed at various Marriotts around the world, and at many other hotels including Fairmont, Westin, Four Seasons, Intercontinental, &amp; Meridien.Had a room with 2 double beds facing the river on the 25th floor. The rooms are quite nice, but not that large in size. It's almost your typical Marriott room design and looks, except for the nicer large windows and vanity area by the washroom. Closet doors made the area a bit cramped, but not a big deal to me anyways. I believe the suites just upstairs from us are much larger in size, but also much more expensive. I personally like a cozy comfortable feel.There is more of a boutique atmosphere to this hotel - doesn't seem too much like a &quot;chain&quot; when you're in it, which is an especially nice feeling since you're in a city like Montreal.Service was great - front desk is helpful, and the lobby is excellent. The metro is right downstairs. Don't need to cab it anywhere as everything is pretty much walking distance (Ste. Catherine Street, Restaurants, Nightclubs, etc..). Bring your own drinks &amp; alcohol, as the hotel ones can get pricey (as anywhere pretty much).I would recommend the swedish massage in the spa (ask for Tatiyana) - decent priced and very very relaxing.Wireless Internet is free and fast, but you must get a modem from the front desk ($250 deposit).All in all, good weekend stay.	
Jun 25 2005	It was very good.	We just came back from our first (but not last) trip to Montreal. The service was very good, starting with the bell captain to the concierge.The location of the hotel is superb.	
May 31 2005	Great Downtown Location good quality hotel	My wife and I just came back from a trip to Montreal. I spent several days trying to decide where to stay and finally booked Marriott Chateau Champlain, total price for 4 nights $645. In my opinion, it is expensive for this type of hotel.HOTEL PLUS: nice clean room but a bit small for the price, great downtown location, nice view from hotel, direct access to Subway station (cost is $2.50 per person one way), access to underground shopping areas and restaurants, and to many nearby buildings, friendly and knowledgeable staff. Amenities include room service, very nice pool and hot tub, good size gym. Spa, hair salon are also on the premises and offer services at a reasonable price. HOTEL MINUS: nothing is included in the price of the room. Mattress is very hard... Hotel restaurant is very expensive, expect to pay around $20 for breakfast, and about $30+ for dinner per person. Instead, 5 minute walk will take you to underground shopping/restaurant areas where you can get your breakfast for less than $7 per person. Self parking is $14 per day. Valet parking is $21 per day. If you plan on driving around town, make sure to use valet parking since you'd have to pay $14 to self park every single time you exit the parking garage. I also noticed other parking areas near the hotel that charge between $7 and $10 per day. Note that subway (metro as they call it in Montreal) will take you virtually to any destination.All in all, if you are looking for a great location hotel with nice amenities and don't mind few extra expenses, Marriott is a good choice. For more information visit their website. I've also included some pictures we took.	
May 24 2005	Not a suitable hotel for families travelling with children	We stayed there with our 3 children. The rooms are not suitable for more than 4 people as they are very small and crowded with large furniture. The placement of a crib for our 1 year old made things worse as it blocked the exit from the room and the entrance to the bathroom, everytime we needed to move the crib had to come with us. It was very uncomfortable and made it impossible for us to have a decent night sleep. Another non-child friendly issue was that the shallow area of the pool is 1.5 meters (4.9') deep basically for children that can swim only, there was a hot tub but no one under the age of 10 was allowed to use it. It is unfortunate that the reservation staff (made directly with the hotel) did not notify us of these issues upfront. Supposedly there are suites available in the hotel, which we asked to be upgraded too when we saw our room (we would have been happy to pay difference and this was made clear to the management) but as per the front desk, nothing was available. They provided us with free breakfast for the two days instead. I would recommend this hotel to those travelling on business or as couples only.	
Mar 18 2005	Very nicebut some updadates would be nice	Very nice staff.Room on the smoking concirge floor was a little dated and worn(case goods should be replaced,bathrooms remodeled)but very comfortable and had a great view of the mountain and the surrounding downtown area.Concierge lounge is open on weekends and has 3 services of food,breakfast,afternoon snacks,and deserts.All were very nice.Great location adjacent to the the underground city and the Metro.I would stay here again if the price is right.	
Jan 16 2005	Typical Marriott	I travel 100k+ miles per year in North America on business, and end up staying mostly at Marriott- or Hilton-affiliated properties.The Marriott Chateau Champlain stay was a typical Marriott: consistent, pleasant, and mostly unremarkable. The check-in staff was fast, efficient, and proficient.The room I stayed was on a high floor. It was basic uninteresting, non-offensive Marriott room. It was showing it's age a little, the dressing area with it's shaggy carpeting and mismatched mirror light bulbs was a bit 1979 in appearance, but everything was clean. The steam iron was not functioning properly, but got the job done.The rooms all had free WiFi internet access, a great departure from the typical full-service Marriotts in the US where web access in rooms is wired-only and expensive.Breakfast staff was almost overbearingly attentive in a formal sort of way, but pleasant. Unlike most US full-service Marriotts, their breakfast buffet didn't have made-to-order omeletts, but was otherwise a typical Marriott buffet.Location is convenient for most business travelers.I must say my previous stay in Montreal was far more interesting, I stayed in Old Montreal at Auberge Bonaparte, a small hotel with way more personality. This time I chose Marriott, as I had no time on this trip to enjoy the area, hotel was just a place to work and sleep for a few hours. Next time I'm back with more leisure time, I'm choosing Auberge Bonaparte again.	
Dec 20 2004	Front Door Yuk	It would have been four stars except for the front door do not work all weekend.Swimming and fitness area access was weird had to go through a massage rmt section to get to poolI did have a massage there very good therapists however working space very cramped.Parking is about 22.00 canadain a day for valet.I recommand this parking for people who have never driven in montreal and the parking lot is huge.Also with the directions given I got lost have not been to montreal in 20 years I leave it up to old age ask hotel for directions they could not help.Swimming pool hot tub and fitness area very nice best I seen in my travels.	
Oct 12 2004	A good stay	Everything was excellent. The only problem was that there were no blackout drapes on the windows.I had trouble sleeping as a result.	
Sep 10 2004	Very nice views!	This hotel has a great location--2 blocks from the lively nightspots on St. Catherine St. and walking distance to Old Montreal. The windows were really cool. We had a corner room on the 23d floor, which was nice and quiet, and which had a spectacular view of the city. The only concern I had was that the park in front of the hotel seemed awfully dark and a little shady at night.	
Aug 30 2004	Great Hotel!	Stayed at the Marriott after one week of readingreviews on this website. Pleased with my choice.Hotel is situated downtown but not on the busySte. Catherine St / Cresent St. area. Only 2 blocks up from St. Catherine. Hotel was clean, spacious lobby area. Stores and gift shop on lobby level.Also elevator in lobby to take you to the Metro train. Room was nice, I had a basic room, requested a fridge for drinks (room has a mini bar but I didn't use it). Bed comfy, unfortunately I didn't quite get the view I wanted, all rooms facing say &quot;downtown&quot; were taken. Parking on premises,we valet parked each time (no add'l charge), parking is $18 (CAD) but you can go in and out. One day we arrived in the late afternoon and there were no more spaces (SUV's are parked in the front), we were asked to use a parking garage down the street which was $15 (CAD), no in and out privilege! I refused that, parked in the street and paid for 1 hr parking, it's free after 6 pm and itwas a Saturday, free parking on Sundays. That was the only bad experience.I would stay here again but maybe try a hotel nearer to St. Catherine (at night didn't want to walk 2 blocks with children). However some of these other hotels are on the main streets and there is no parking on the premises. Also Ste Catherine at night is NOT kid friendly (peep shows, etc. on the strip), many bars/pubs etc.Overall, this hotel was perfect!	
Aug 18 2004	Stands out from the pack of big hotels	I've stayed many times at the Montreal Hilton Bonaventure and the Le Centre Sheraton on business trips because that's where my company has contracted special room rates. This time, those were full due to conventions so I stayed at the Marriot Chateau Champlain in a regular non-smoking one-bed room. All 3 hotels are priced about the same, more or less depending on promotions &amp; vacancy. All 3 hotels are connected to the metro and underground shopping, and within several blocks of each other. The Sheraton is furthest from the old town and on the outside edge of the financial center. The Hilton is on top of the railway station, closest to the old town. The Chateau is a 15 minute walk to the old town, but across from a small park frequented by quality, free musical performances during the good weather months when office workers congregate for lunch outside. For my purposes, I prefer the Chateau Champlain first, then the Sheraton, and the Hilton last. Of course for more money you can probably get better, like the Intercontinental or Queen Elizabeth (large hotels) or especially the Hotel Gault (boutique hotel).The Sheraton is your typical, big boring business hotel with a massive convention feel to it, efficient but uninspiring. It is the furthest away from the old town. It has the smallest rooms, 18x12 for 216 square feet. The Chateau Champlain standard rooms are 24x14 for 336 square feet. The Chateau Champlain used to belong to the upscale, CP/Fairmont Hotels group. If you want a Fairmont in Montreal, stay at the expensive Queen Elizabeth where royalty have stayed). The Champlain is now just a Marriot, it is not up to its former glory, but it was built superior to the Hilton and the Sheraton (which was built as a Holiday Inn then spruced up). The Chateau feels more personal. The lobby is inviting &amp; attractive. Hallways are bright, not long, and very attractive. By contrast, hallways at the Sheraton have some stained carpets, while hallways at the Hilton are extremely long with low-class, exposed concrete walls. But the Hilton does have that wonderful roof top oasis (no good unless you're there in fine weather though).Although the Chateau Champlain is very large, it has a bit of a &quot;boutique&quot; feel to it unlike the Sheraton or Hilton. You do not see convention rooms and hordes of men in suits hanging around the Champlain like at the other business hotels (although there are lavish convention rooms tucked away). Rooms are spacious for a downtown hotel. Every room has a glorious half-moon window, circular in shape and extending out from the room, giving your room some architectural interest lacking in the other chains' bland rooms. The building is 37 stories high and many rooms have views. Of course some views are better than others. Some have river views, some have mountain views, some have good views of towering downtown skyscrapers (like mine did), while others view the uninspiring downtown lowrises. Some rooms merely face into an office tower across the street, so check your preference when you make your reservation or arrive. My standard room was very clean and totally odor free. It was inviting, although there several small furniture scratches typical of hotel use (and marriots), but nothing to complain about. I had newer carpet, some have older tan carpet which I don't particularly like. The room was very bright (because of that moon window), and the bed was very comfortable. The room has a high speed internet connection and two phone line connections available. There is a very large desk area, large work chair, and 2 nice wing chairs. Housekeeping was effective and friendly. The wallpaper was good quality and in good shape, with a couple of small tears that had been repaired if you looked. However, ice machines are located only on alternate floors, so I had to walk up from the 22nd floor to the 23rd floor for ice. The room has a somewhat unique layout and is larger than it looks, because there is a separate dressing/wardrobe area private from the rest of the room. This is nice because one person can dress and wash privately from the other if (s)he rises earlier in the morning, or wants to undress in private. Parking is $18/day unlimited in/out, or $21 valet. The doorman helps everyone and wears a smile. There is a gym, massage service, hot tub and supervised pool open 6 am to 11 pm daily on second level. But no outdoor pool or garden like the Hilton - families may prefer it there in summer. The main floor restaurant is quite good and inviting. Guests can obtain their choice of 2 free english-language newsapapers daily in the lobby. There are 4 floors of executive/concierge rooms. There is a concierge person for everyone else in the lobby. Staff were efficient, helpful and fully bilingual.	
Aug 18 2004	Great hotel in perfect location	Had a great time in August 2004 at this hotel. The location is perfect- attached to the underground and metro system, blocks from old town and chinatown etc.The rooms were in good condition, with large windows and nice views. The staff was courteous and helpful.One problem- the parking garage- its under renovation and is really a mess. Its very confusing when you arrive and depart because they keep closing parts of the garage and the hotel runs out of spaces. I hope they fix this problem because it was the only negative aspect of staying at this hotel.	
Aug 9 2004	Relaxing getaway	I went to montreal for the weekend and stayed at the marriot. I think it was a very nice hotel. Good location. Nice staff. The restaurant for breakfast was fantastic. I even left a skirt on the back of the bathroom door when I left and they mailed it to me within a week. Whenever I visit montreal I will stay at this same hotel.	
Jul 14 2004	Good Hotel	I frequent Montreal regularly on business and was switching from Hotel to Hotel over the last year. Four months ago I found the Marriott and could not have been happier with the choice. Even during the strike they offered extra &quot;Marriott Reward&quot; points per night and a free breakfast, even with my corporate rate. Now, I rated it as avaerage when it comes to all Hotels but, as a chain Hotel, I would put it above the rest since it feels more like a Boutique Hotel yet at half the cost.Definitely worth a try folks	
Jul 5 2004	it is over...	I returned to this hotel this past weekend and was delighted to see the same faces that have served me in the past, before the lockout. It is unfortunate it took so long, however, it is now over, and yes I will definately return to this Marriott, it is a prime location, great view and close to everything.....except the casino :) Will be back in August	
Jun 23 2004	Nothing extra-ordinary	Our family of 2 adults n 2 kids stayed at the hotel on 15 June 04 for one night was on the 25th floor....room was typical Marriott...the service was ok...nice lobby...interiors...pool...although I found it small a size...kids loved it....the room serivice however was the one thing I was not at all impressed.No microwave in the room when I had requested....they wouldn't allow baby's milk to be heated...The staff was kind of rusty...little did I realise they were in a Lock-out Stirke for 4 long months.The location of the hotel is great....heart of Downtown.....did enjoy it...my expectations were high for a Marriott . 	
Mar 17 2004	Marriott Workers on the Line	Please be advised that the workers have been locked out of this hotel since February 2004. You will have no idea of this, unless you wonder why there are security guards standing in the lobby. I visit this hotel at least 5 or 6 times a year when I go to Montreal. I had no idea of this until the next morning when I went to walk up Peel street and I saw the workers who use to provide me room service or wait on me in the restaurant out there in the cold. I do not know the issues behind this lock out, but I just found it bothersome to travel all the way there and the hotel doesn't inform anyone that they are crossing a picket line. One thing I did find rather odd was when I checked in at around 845pm they sent us to a Concierge Lounge to wait for our room.......I have never experienced that before, having to wait to make sure your room is ready. One other thing to note is the breakfast in the restaurant is free, they are not charging for it. I would much rather pay the bill for breakfast to see the friendly staff back in there working again :(	
Feb 23 2004	An anniversary getaway to remember!		
Jan 15 2004	Couln't ask for more		
Jan 7 2004	Chateau Champlain was wonderful!		
Jan 4 2004	Built as a luxury hotel but now a Marriott		
Nov 12 2003	A good hotel		
Oct 22 2003	A wonderful place!		
Jul 30 2003	Great hotel		
Jul 14 2003	really nice		
Feb 25 2003	typical marriott which is fine		
May 31 2002	Decent		
Oct 7 2009 	Na ja		
Aug 14 2009 	Excelente ubicación		
Apr 26 2009 	super hotel !		
Sep 14 2008 	excellent		
Aug 18 2008	Marriott Chateau Champlain? ... una buona scelta !		
Sep 7 2007	Tout le confort souhaité!		
Sep 20 2006	un excellent etablissement !!!!!		
