Nov 21 2009 	Outstanding service!!	We stayed at the Auberge Bonaparte for 2 nights. I have never had more thorough and efficient service. The desk clerk mapped out our travels for us, told us how to take public transit, even sold us the bus tickets. I left my phone charger in the room when we checked out. I didn't bother to call them, just gave it up for lost. It showed up in the mail about a month after we got home! What a great surprise. Great location and lovely rooms, great breakfasts!	
Oct 13 2009 	Wonderful small hotel	Excellent small hotel. Very personable , attentive staff. Rooms comfortable (though noisy if on street side of hotel.) Location is great for walking around Vieux Montreal and not far from St. Catherine shopping street. Close to metro. perfect location for exploring Montreal. Great breakfast.	
Oct 11 2009 	Wonderful Small Hotel	The Bonaparte was fabulous, from the accommodating staff to the charming room--lots of space, beautiful maple floors, cozy and comfortable decor, clean and modern bathroom. A room complete with all the practical necessities a traveler needs--hooks for bath towels, a light in the closet that pops on when you open the door, two windows with curtains that can be drawn for privacy, and window wells roomy enough for a suitcase. And yes, the breakfast was as good as the other reviewers' raves. In all, it's an oasis of calm and comfort in a bustling city. We moved here from the Hilton Bonavenure, which fumbled our reservation. How lucky we were!	
Oct 5 2009 	COMFORTABLE GRACIOUS AND UNPRETENSIOUS	My wife and I just spent three nights at Auberge Bonaparte. The room was clean and comfortable with a lovely view of the adjacent church's backyard. The hotel is centrally located in the midst of wonderful restaurants, not the least of which is the hotel's restaurant. The french toast, which is part of the complimentary breakfast, is the best I've had, and the service is impecable. We were sad to leave!	
Sep 12 2009 	A great place to stay	After an enjoyable 3.5 hour ride up the Northway, we arrived in Montreal and the side street that is Saint Francois Xavier. A young man quickly assisted with our bags and directed me to the parking lot 100 yards up the street. After a warm greeting from the front desk, we were directed to our room which was ready despite our early arrival. It was a delight as was every part of our stay. Immaculate in every detail, and properly decorated in a Napoleon theme with period-style furnishings and pine hardwood floors, the room as with all the hotel far exceeded our expectations. A huge spotless bathroom with a great shower and windows that opened into a courtyard just added to abience.The hotel is around the corner from Notre Dame and in the middle of Old Town, yet just two blocks from a very efficient metro. The breakfast that is included in the price is served in a perfect dining area complete with linen table cloths, sterling silverware, excellent service and high quality food. The french toast was fantastic. On one evening we enjoyed the $28 pre-fix diner which was excellent for the price. The local trout was especially enjoyable.It is just a great place to stay with high cleanliness standards and a great staff.	
Sep 1 2009 	I stay here over and over	I am originally from Montreal so I am familiar with the terrain, hotels and restaurants etc. Bonaparte is a wonderful place to stay. Even the least expensive room is spacious with a nicely appointed bathroom. Rooms on the street can be a little noisy but since the hotel is not on a main street it isn't too bad. Back rooms face the big cathedral so be ready for bells! Its not a bother at all actually. The rooms combine modern amenities with old world charm - the hotel is in two old buildings that have been completely renovated. The service is exceptional and the staff is friendly. In summer - high tourist season, park the car in one of the nearby lots and don't move it till you leave - the small streets of Old Montreal get very crowded and it is difficult to get around. Take a cab or better yet - walk!The restaurant is top notch with the price to go with it. We had a birthday dinner where two of us splurged and spent about $300 CDN (inlcuded a bottle of wine and a half bottle of Veuve Clicquot). But the food was very good. A nice treat! The rooms are a very good deal on their own. Dress up for dinner - breakfast is included and you can dress down. A couple of good sushi places nearby, and plenty of French restaurants too.	
Aug 22 2009 	Excellent	Due to a mix-up we got to stay in 2 rooms on our stay. The hotel was very accomodating at making amends.Both rooms were excellent, but the 2nd one (the one we had booked for) was superb: with a rooftop patio. We liked that the windows opened; everything was fresh and clean; and not a sign of a roach or bedbug. We also were delighted that everyone was bilingual.	
Aug 17 2009 	Very good place to stay	Great place to stay (especially for couples). Notre Dame is around the corner and loads of restaurants nearby. Breakfast, which was very good, was included in the room rate. Definitely recommend this place.	
Aug 12 2009 	Staff was very friendly	My wife and I traveled to old Montreal to celebrate our 5th anniv. The staff was great and helped make this a very special weekend for us. They got us an opener and wine glasses so we could enjoy a drink on our terrace. They even suggested a new wine bar around the corner on Notre Dame that was fantastic. I don't think we've ever stayed anywhere where the service was as nice as here.	
Jul 14 2009 	Enjoyable stay	We received a friendly welcome and overall good service : there when we needed it, otherwise present but not pushy.The room didn't have a very inspiring view but was large, quiet (always a real bonus!), fresh-looking and clean with modern polished wood flooring. There was plenty of hanging space, although not really enough hangers. Shelf and drawer space was adequate.The bathroom was a good size with a double jacuzzi bath and a separate shower cubicle. There were two sinks - one in the bathroom and one just outside, which seemed strange at first, but actually turned out to be quite useful.Breakfast was excellent, with a good range to make your choice from. The price is included in the room charge, but would have been $12 each if we had been &quot;en passant&quot;.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great Little Hotel	A small botique hotel about two blocks from the waterfront. Newly refurbished and absolutely spotless. We had a room next to the elevator, which usually portends trouble, but we never heard a thing. No room to room noise either. Room was large, with a view of a church's garden. Very good bed, new hardwood floors. The rate is most reasonable as it includes a made-to-order breakfast in the restaurant and in-room high speed wireless.We ate dinner in the restaurant and give it high marks, too. Casual atmosphere, very good service, no rush and good food.This property is a genuine find. Highly recommended.	
Apr 23 2009 	I'll be back ....	We arrived very late at night and were greeted warmly. Front desk staff was helpful with restaurant recommendations within walking distance. The room and bath were larger than I expected; the bed was comfortable; the closet had plenty of room for my clothes and 2 large suitcases. Breakfasts were delicious and served by friendly wait staff. No big-city noise to keep me awake, what a plus!	
Feb 19 2009 	way overrated	sure it has all the amenities you'd expect, but the place has absolutely no character. in the future, I'd rather pay more for a place with fewer little perks that actually makes me feel like I'm in Montreal. oh, and the waiters in the restaurant have a terrible attitude.	
Feb 15 2009 	a nice little getaway	We stayed one night at the Auberge Bonaparte. The room itself was lovely - the hardwood floors, exposed brick wall, and bathroom were all very &quot;old world&quot;. The bed was comfortable, and the room was quiet at night for sleeping. The only negative was that if you wanted to read or watch TV at all, it was uncomfortable to do so while on the bed, with its curved iron headboard. However, this is a small complaint - if you are in old Montreal, you will hardly be spending much time in your room. The hotel was perfectly situated for sight seeing. The dinner we had in the hotel restaurant was very well prepared, and the service was good. Our only complaint was our waiter at breakfast the following morning was obsessed with his tip. When he seated us, he mentioned that breakfast was included in the room rate, but please could we note that the service was not included. He made himself very scarce during our breakfast, and it was only when we were about to depart that he rushed over, scanned the table for his tip, and seeing nothing, asked, quite anxiously if we were going to be including it with our room charge. This is something that we are always very conscious of when dining out on a plan where meals are included, and of course we had been prepared to tip generously when we arrived for our breakfast. The fact that the only real interactions we had with our waiter concerned the money we would be leaving left a bit of a bad taste in our mouths, and unfortunately overshadowed what would otherwise have been a really lovely and romantic getaway. I would not let that deter me from recommending it, but it is something that the hotel might wish to deal with in their service training.	
Jan 15 2009 	beautiful hotel!	We were looking for a place to stay in Montreal as we were sitting in the airport about to fly there, and found Auberge Bonaparte on the Lonely Planet website and booked it. When we arrived in Montreal, we took public transport to Old Montreal (a little long, but worth it!) and walked to this little inn right in the heart of old Montreal. Staff were welcoming and helpful and we went up to our room, and it was beautiful! We loved the accommodations, and were so happy with the hotel and their service. Great little romantic room. Hotel is in a fantastic location. The breakfast was pretty tasty, and we were all alone in the restaurant. Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone!	
Nov 15 2008 	Great for convention travel	Several weeks ago, I traveled with a group to Montreal for a tradeshow. I couldn't have been happier with the Auberge Bonaparte for the following reasons:1) location, location, location. The hotel was just 2 short blocks from the convention center, and was also in the heart of Old Montreal with its cafes and interesting boutiques. Every night, our group would take a short walk to find a cute little bistro for dinner. 2) Made to order breakfasts were great. I think that this was the best french toast that I had ever had and the coffee was wonderful as well.3) Free wireless internet.4) Large rooms with hardwood floors. 5) Bathroom had a huge whirlpool tub with very nice ammenities. The only thing I found lacking in the ammenity department that they did not offer hair conditioner.6) Staff was very friendly. I had several boxes shipped to the hotel and the staff was very gracious and accomodating.Note, that the Hotel Auberge is not a 5 star hotel, but it was clean, quiet and convenient. If you are looking for the high energy of a large metropolitan hotel, this may not be the hotel for you.	
Nov 14 2008 	wonderful spot for a tour of old Montreal	My husband and I stayed at the Auberge Bonaparte during a few extremely hot days in July. The hotel is literally next door to Notre Dame basilica and all the wonders of Old Montreal. In July, there are street performers and big crowds but it was a wonderful time. You are only a few blocks from the subway system as well. We never took our car anywhere. The room( on the top floor at the end of the hallway) was clean and quiet. Next time we will get a room overlooking the gardens, not because of any street noise ( we heard none) but for the ambience. Breakfast is absolutely amazing! Brie and spinach omelettes or crepes, chocolate croissants, fruit or yogurt and some of the best coffee I have ever enjoyed. You also get a window table to watch from as you enjoy your breakfast. The staff was professional but not chummy, which for a romantic weekend with my husband was exactly what we wanted. We will be back.	
Oct 30 2008 	Awesome!	We stayed here the night before leaving on a cruise. The location was perfect!! We walked to the port in the morning. The hotel itself was fabulous. The room was clean and nice. You could look down at the city from the window. It is just around the corner from Notre Dame. The food in the restaurant downstairs is good, but a little pricey. Fortunately, the breakfast is included in the room price. The people at the desk were beyond amazing. They were extremely helpful and friendly. I would not hesitate to stay here again!!	
Oct 23 2008 	a fine establishment	The hotel is a well run establishment in an excellent location. Our spacious room #401, facing a rear grove of trees, had a large bathroom and was immaculately clean and quiet; in fact, it seemed sound proof. The staff was courteous and helpful and a gentleman who identified himself as the owner was frequently onsite. The restaurant had a lovely ambience and the gracious staff seemed to be headed by the efficient and ebullient Martin, who took a personal interest in &quot;fitting us in&quot; one busy evening when conferences and theater seems to make reservations a problem, even for hotel clients . A note of caution - Don't take for granted last minute dinner reservations just because you're staying at the hotel!I agree with other comments on this fine hotel. A comfortable reading chair would have been welcomed. Also, small rugs or mats on the wooden floor on the side of the beds would be nice, as well as a coffee (tea) maker in the rooms or in the lobby. The breakfast selection could be enhanced by other than egg selections for those whose mind their cholesterol. And, having a computer printer available should be a consideration of the management.	
Sep 16 2008 	Just Great	Great little hotel. Stayed in the one room that has a terrace. Absolutely great. Sit out there with a bottle of wine or beer and enjoy the sights and the weather. There is a suite that has a terrace, and then there is a terroace on top of the hotel. The people who work in the hotel are fabulous and very outgoing and will do their best to make your visit enjoyable. Seeing as the hotel is in Old Town, very quick walk to see the sights. And the Metro is just a few blocks away. If we were going back to Montreal, this is where we would stay. There is a fabulous restaurant on the premises.	
Aug 27 2008 	Absolutely love Bonaparte- highly recommend!!	We stayed last weekend in the Auberge Bonaparte and we really loved it. I cannot say enough good things about it. The room was beautiful and the location could not be better. We had a king size bed, hardwood floors &amp; our window looked out onto the cobblestone street where we could watch people walking by &amp; hear the clip clop of the horse drawn carriages. Very romantic! We had breakfast there every morning (included in the rate) and the restaurant is lovely, the staff very friendly &amp; cordial and the food is very good. A nice selection and very enjoyable. The front desk staff is fantastic. They were so incredibly helpful with giving us inside tips about the city (it was our first time there) and made reservations for us. The woman at the front desk (Chloe) was so incredibly helpful and really really friendly. She spent quite a bit of time showing us different parts of the city on a map &amp; telling us the best places to get there. She also knows a lot about Montreal and the different night spots &amp; was able to recommend restaurants and bars for us. We love her! We truly enjoyed it so much we have already booked a weekend to go back in December. The price was very reasonable, parking is done conveniently right across the street. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough!	
Aug 16 2008	Great time	My wife and I are staying here right now. We leave tomorrow after 3 nights. It's in a perfect location to get the feel of Old Montreal.Our room has a hardwood floor and a queen sized bed and a bathroom. It's not a huge room. It has a Tv, a desk and a small table and 2 metal chairs and another wood chair with arms. The room isn't huge, but it's big enough.We enjoyed the included breakfast and the dinner we ate here tonight. The food was well prepared and the service was excellent.If we come back to Montreal, I'd want to stay here again.I'm hooked up to the internet in our room thru a wired connection into the wall. You can also connect wirelessly, but the connection isn't as strong.	
Aug 14 2008 	Wonderful Hotel in a Charming Location	We stayed at the Auberge for four nights. It is located in the Old City, which is charming and just the neighborhood for those who love French ambience. The neighborhood is full of restaurants, boutiques, galleries and shops, perfect for exploring on foot.Our lovely, spacious room overlooked the gardens in back of the property. Even though the room was above the excellent restaurant in the hotel (Bonaparte), there was no noise. The decor was understated but elegant. The large marble bath more than met our expectations. The amenity package is first rate.The staff was friendly and helpful, giving us excellent recommendations for lunches, dinners and shopping. A delicious breakfast is included in the room rate; don't miss it. Speaking of food, The Bonaparte restaurant serves outstanding French cuisine. There is a three-course table d'hote menu, a five-course tasting menu or ordering a la carte. Be sure to make reservations since the restaurant is always busy.For those who are traveling by car, the Auberge has arrangements with a parking lot across the street. You can take the car out whenever you like without any additional charges.I would happily stay at the Auberge Bonaparte again.	
Aug 6 2008 	Delightful hotel in great location	My husband and I spent 4 nights in the Bonaparte at the start of July and were very happy with the experience. As a location for a first visit to Montreal we felt it an ideal choice. It was very easy to access all of Old Montreal as well as only a 10 minute walk to the nearest Metro station ( Place d'Armes ) to be able to explore downtown Montreal and beyond. There were many restaurants and cafes in the area which were good. We enjoyed a meal at Boris bistro as well as one in the Bonaparte itself - not cheap but very delicious with professional service.The hotel itself had eveything we required, was very clean, well air conditioned, a comfortable bed, totally quiet ( we were at the back) with a very pleasant and helpful staff.We particularly enjoyed the served breakfast which was of good quality and not too heavy.At a reasonable price for Old Montreal, I think this hotel would be hard to beat.	
Aug 2 2008 	Charming place to stay but missing some amenities	We had a lovely, clean room at this hotel, and the price was right for Old Montreal, which can be pricey. In the hotel was a beautiful French restaurant, and free breakfast was served each morning (waiter service, not a buffet). Sorry to say the room did not have a coffee maker, so if you woke up before the restaurant opened you would have to leave the hotel to get coffee (also no refrigerator). Also, our room had two arm chairs and no sofa, making watching TV less than comfy. The downstairs bar had a computer but no printer, so we could not print our boarding passes and the hotel said they had a policy against doing this for their guests. This is all probably typical for a B&amp;B, so if you are expecting lots of amenities in Old Montreal you are probably better off at the Marriott. However, we still enjoyed our stay. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was very large, with a shower and a jacuzzi.	
Jul 16 2008 	Outstanding Value	Hotel is located within easy walking distance of all major Old Montreal attractions. Easy parking across street. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Rooms were exceptionally clean, quiet, and roomy. Breakfast included at connected restaurant. Food (had two breakfasts and one dinner there) was simply delightful. We are &quot;foodies&quot; and know the difference. Quality was superb; prices were reasonable; wait staff knowledgeable and professional. Would go back in a heartbeat. You can't go wrong at the Bonaparte!!	
Jul 15 2008 	Most enjoyable	My wife and I spent two nights at the Auberge Bonaparte and were delighted with the accommodations and service. We enjoyed a queen bedded room on the second floor front ( as requested ) with whirlpool tub and shower. Everything was as clean as it could be and we were not disturbed by any street noise as others have reported. Kudos to both Chloe and Anne-Marie both of whom manned the front desk and were invaluable in providing help, directions and , most importantly, a pot of coffee delivered to our room shortly after sun-up each morning. The included three course breakfast was outstanding in every respect. We dined at the Bonaparte our first night from the menu dégustation which was quite good, but the time between courses was extraordinarily and awkwardly long. Dinner the second night was at the less formal Boris Bistro which we thoroughly enjoyed. Our short stay preceded a trip to the Îles de la Madeleine aboard the CTMA Vacancier hence the old town location of this hotel made the transfer to the ship very easy. I highly recommend Auberge Bonaparte as well as the week-long voyage to and from les Îles.	
Jul 13 2008 	Not as great as the reviews say	If you are thinking of staying here be sure to ask for a room away from the street. The noise is absolutely staggering; it will keep you awake until 1 or 2 a.m. Our room was a large corner room; it was o.k. but not as great as the reviews made this place out to be. We just felt there was no ambiance; the room had hard wood floors which resonated with every sound and very tinny furniture. The bathroom was large but could have used an area to leave items such as a toothbrush and makeup. Location was good and food in the restaurant was okay -- not great -- but okay. The service in the restaurant, however, was great. Very friendly and accommodating people. All in all, the next time we're in Montreal we will stay elsewhere.	
Jul 8 2008 	Highly Recommended	We stayed at the Auberge Bonaparte for one night before our cruise ship departure. Everything was great. We had a room on the 5th floor facing the street. But heard nothing from traffic or people below or from the adjoining rooms. The room was clean and comfortable.The hotel is in the center of the old town section of Montreal so there were numerous cafes and shops nearby. But we decided to dine in the hotel's restaurant.The meal there was fantastic. A little expensive but the food and service were definitely worth it.The hotel was close enough to the cruise ship dock that we walked with our luggage there instead of having to take a taxi.	
Jun 29 2008 	Charming hotel in great location!	We stayed here for 2 nights in June and just loved it! The location is great, right in the centre of old montreal, and close to some really great restaurants (Casa Mateo - mexican, Stash Cafe - polish, and of course, Bonapartes). We ate at Bonapartes one evening, and it was excellent - amazing food, and great service, and although it is expensive, it is very good value.The staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms were beautiful, very clean, and surprisingly very quiet, and although there are no coffee or tea facilities in the room, the hotel staff delivered coffee to the room when we called down for it in the morning. All in all a great visit to Montreal, and a great stay at Bonapartes!	
Jun 19 2008 	Highly recommended	There is nothing negative I can write, only many positives - very clean, excellent location in Old Montreal, very friendly and helpful staff, wonderful breakfast. We had the room with a balcony which was an added bonus. The only thing I regret is not eating in the hotel restaurant (which I am sure would have been as good as the auberge) If you are looking for a small quality hotel in Montreal, this is it!!	
Jun 4 2008 	Pretty hotel in a great location !	We stayed at the Bonaparte as our first stop on our cross Canada trip a few weeks ago and after a 6 hour flight we received a great welcome.The room was comfortable and the jacuzzi in the bathroom felt very luxurious ! Our room looked onto the gardens at the back of the Basilique Notre-Dame and it was less than 5 minutes walk to the Basilica itself.The staff were very friendly and helpful, even printing out maps for us when we were asking for driving directions to the Oratory St Joseph. Parking was just across the street and although this was our first taste of valet parking and we were slightly nervous about leaving the rental car we left it all in the capable hands of the staff.A particular highlight was the meal we ate in the hotels restaurant on the evening we arrived. As people who like good food and eat out regularly we were overwhelmed by how great this was. It was a little pricey but if you're happy to fork out then I'd suggest the Lobster Stew and Profiteroles - we're still talking about that meal now ! Breakfast consisted of a choice of continental breakfast and various cooked dishes e.g. omlettes, etc and was included in the price of the room.Apart from anything else this hotel is in a great location in Old Montreal, you're literally seconds from a lot of bustling restaurants, bars and the hive of activity that is Place Jacques-Cartier.Oh, and if you're a smoker like myself the small roof terrace provides a great view of Old Montreal whilst you're having a puff !	
May 7 2008 	Loved This Hotel Amazing Staff Great Room Will Go Back Soon!!!	First time traveling to Montreal, and we did it in Feb. never again, way to cold. We arrived really early at the Hotel Bonaparte, our room was not ready, but the front desk guy was nice enough to put us in a better room so we could sleep for a bit and then get breakfast. The breakfast here is great, it's not a cheesy buffet or anything. It's a simple, clean, sit down breakfast where you can choose from a few items. I loved the breakfast, it was great, we looked forward to it every morning! The room we had was clean, bright and very well kept. I couldn't find one thing i disliked about this hotel or my stay here. The staff was super friendly and helpfull, giving us insights on what to do, where to go, and how to make best of our short time in the city.If you stay at this hotel make sure to meet Mr. Micheal Banks, the director of marketing, he's great and can definatly let you know whats good in the city.thanks hotel bonaparte we will be back!	
May 1 2008	Best Place to Stay in Montreal	In the times that I have visited Montreal, the times I've stayed at the Auberge Bonaparte have been the absolute best. It is located near the Palais des Congres and in the heart of Vieux Montreal. Its costs are quite reasonable compared to the large chain hotels, and it is by far the best hotel that I or my colleagues have enjoyed. Breakfast is included, and is fabulous. The rooms are a taste of Europe, and are scrupulously clean! The staff is nice and very helpful. This is a superb place to stay - I highly recommend it.	
Apr 5 2008	Generally what we expected	My husband and I stayed one night for our 20th anniversary. There were no surprises based on all the feedback on this site. Our room was on the third floor with a view of the courtyard. I asked for this in hopes of a quiet room based on others comments, and it was. The room was very clean, with a nice and spacious bathroom. The rooms are rather simple not luxurious by any means. We had dinner on the premises, the food is good but not great. The service felt inconsistent and at times we were forgotten. My salmon came undercooked and when I asked to have it cooked more, it seemed to take far too long, at which point my husband was done his entree. Breakfast is included in the room rate, and was good. We would stay there again, but try some where else for dinner.	
Nov 20 2007 	Great hotel in beautiful Vieux Port but a little loud on weekend nights	Montreal is a great city and this is a really great hotel in the &quot;Old Port&quot;. The hotel was really nice and the breakfast (included with the cost of the room) was soooo amazingly good! Have the french toast! In fact, the breakfast and the location of the hotel were my favorite parts. It's a 3 course breakfast consisting of fruit or yogurt first, then toast or croissant and finally your breakfast entree. As I already said, the french toast is the best I've ever had (and I'm not a french toast fan). The old port is NOT in the center of the city, but it's just a short walk and metro ride away. The streets, churches and cobble stone streets of the old port were so beautiful and we loved going for walks every day even though we'd seen everything a ton of times.The hotel was clean and the staff were very helpful and polite. I personally found the female staffers much warmer and the male staffer a bit cold, but still very polite. The only thing that wasn't too great about this hotel was that there are a few popular bars next to the hotel (double edged sword!) and on weekend nights (Friday/Saturday) it can get pretty loud. Approximately from 11 to 3am you will hear very loud bar patrons walking the streets. One night I was continuously awakened by what sounded like a metal dumpster being pushed (without wheels) down the street, making this awful high pitched screeching. This noise was bad, but not the fault of the hotel. *Restaurant suggestion - Holder, a steak house. Try the butterscotch dessert!	
Nov 14 2007 	Loved the hospitality!	I agree completely with so many of the previous reviews about this hotel. My husband and I based our hotel choice by reviewing Trip Advisor. Located one block from St. Paul street with a variety of eating establishments and shopping. We certainly were not disappointed by choosing the Auberge Bonaparte! Upon arriving we were upgraded to a room on the 3rd floor with a king bed and wirl tub.The rooms were very quiet and clean. The (all inclusive) breakfast in the dining room was amazing. Cressonts that melt in your mouth and you have to try the crepes! Service in the dining room and at the front desk was exceptional. Every front desk clerk was happy to give advise or dining suggestions. We had an excellent meal at the Bonaparte resteraunt the first night we arrived. Resonably priced (140.00 Cdn $ including wine). We also ate at Mondavie which is located a short walk from this hotel. (1Rue St. Paul) Nice meal and good service. The last night of our stay we had reservations (recommended and booked by the front desk) at Gibby's. Located only three blocks from our hotel on 298 Place d'Youville. What a gem this place is!It is located in the 200 year-old-Youville Stables. IT is worth seeing the building! Our meal was marvelous and the service was excellent as well. Overall I would highly recommend dining at all three above mentioned places, however, the Bonaparte and Gibby's Restaraunts are definetely high on our list. You must spent time at St. Catherines street (shopping) and visit a pub (or two) on Crescent street. We are not gamblers by no means, but were told to go see the Casino. You have to see it to believe it. It's located in the old France Pavillion (Expo) and is very impressive. Our Montreal experience was great! Everyone we met could speak (English and French) and was extremely friendly. I can hardly wait to plan another Montreal holiday!	
Nov 13 2007 	Great Getaway	We own a B&amp;B in the states and one of our guests this summer gave Auberge Bonaparte a glowing referall and Two Thumbs Up. Having just returned form a 4 day stay in Montreal we are echoing those praises! Ideal location, cheeful and knowledgeable staff, spacious/clean room, terrific breakfast and even more fabulous dinner! Five Star Experience!!	
Nov 5 2007 	Romantic Getaway	We stayed at the Bonaparte in October and found the overall service excellent. The breakfast is amazing but we found the restaurant food to be average and overpriced.	
Oct 21 2007	Charming Old City Boutique	Our trip to Montreal was strictly for pleasure, sightseeing and the enjoying the best restaurants. We wanted a hotel that was in or close to the Old City. After extensive on-line research (the reviews in Tripadvisor Frommers and Foder's Montreal Travel Guide) I chose Auberge Bonaparte. The hotel in around the corner from Notre Dame Cathederal and within in walking distance to the entire Old City sights, restaurants and shops. Our room had a view of the the top of the Catherderal.There's nothing much to the lobby, but don't be fooled. Our rooms were clean, beautiful hardwood floors and extremely comfortable beds. The hotel is wifi.Whether you stay at the Bonaparte or not, make sure you make a dinner reservation if you enjoy eating. A bit pricy bit we went through appetizers to deserts with several bottle of wine.The staff and waiters were all terrific.Other restaurants I recommend for lunch Mondavie, Le Bourlingueur, and AIX for dinner, all within walking distance.The Metro is about 2 long blocks dwn and over. Take it and the bus to Mont Real for a spectacular view of the city. No need for a car. We took Amtrack's Adirondack train through New York. What a way to travel to see Fall Foliage.	
Oct 7 2007 	great choice. will stay there again	I also agree with all the positive reviews. Rooms are very nice. Our bathroom had a large jacuzzi tub with a separate shower plus two sink areas. Lots of space in the room. Attractive hardwood floors. Breakfast was amazing...just like many others have written already. We ate dinner there on Saturday night and found it to be excellent food and service. Pricing was very appropriate. With soups, wine, two entrees, and one dessert our bill came to $120. I like the old town area for strolling and interesting shops, bars, etc. Then the new area is only a short walk away. I recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 4 2007 	The good reviews of the Bonaparte are right	We spent four nights at the Bonaparte in late September. Our third-floor room was nicely spacious and had large windows overlooking the street, although lacking in drawer space (2 drawers in the TV armoire) if you like to unpack. Although the wood floors were attractive, I would have expected a rug. The room was spotless and housekeeping kept it that way throughout our stay. The location is perfect for visiting the old city and within easy walking distance of several excellent restaurants, including the hotel restaurant. The included breakfast is, as many reviewers have pointed out, outstanding. It probably would cost you $25 or more per person in New York -- coffee or tea, orange juice, choice of yogurt or fruit cup, and choice of eggs w/bacon/sausage and potatoes, various omelets, french toast or thin pancakes, and choice of toast, croissant or chocolate croissant, all served in a lovely white-tablecloth restaurant. The only hiccup was that the lock on our room door was balky from the start and our keys quit working entirely the day before departure; the desk clerk would not call anyone in to fix it but instead insisted that we had to let the front desk unlock our room each time, which was intrusive and annoying. A very good value for a hotel room in Montreal, and I would certainly stay there again anytime. Beware of the directions on the hotel website, though.	
Sep 30 2007 	Excellent!	Our 5th floor room was lovely! Not a very interesting view (out onto the street) but the room itself was large, very bright and clean. The hotels location is fabulous, right in the middle of everything in the old town. The highlight for us was the breakfast, included in the price and cooked fresh with a choice of eggs, crepes (the hotel has a very french feel), toast etc etc. Its served in the restaurant, which is very simiiar to a French cafe, very appealing and a lovely way to start the day. I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 29 2007 	Excellent Small Hotel in Montreal	We stayed at Auberge Bonaparte in mid August 2007. It is a charming, comfortable, and quiet hotel in Old Town Montreal. I would strongly recommend it to anyone traveling to Old Town Montreal. Around the corner from the Basilica Notre Dame, and the main tourist streets in Old Town it has an ideal location without the crowds. Our 2nd Floor room faced the street but was very quiet, and we appreciated the AC during a heat wave. The bed was comfortable, the bath well appointed. The wood floors and furnishings were charming without being &quot;hospitality&quot;. The staff was fabulous, they took excellent care of us. Storing our luggage at check in and check out, delivering it to our room, searching on the internet for obscure jazz clubs and bands, they were very helpful on every point. Breakfast was delicious and not heavy, the crepes in particular were delicious. Service in the restaurant was top notch. We even made use of the tiny little bar behind the front desk. They have a roof top deck that is sadly under developed - mostly a hide out for the smokers. The Bonaparte was a peaceful refuge from the tourists and heat . We would happily go back and happily recommend Auberge Bonaparte. One request - a robe hook in the bathroom.	
Aug 28 2007 	Small but excellent	Our family of 4 stayed for 3 days in a large room, with 2 double beds, and large bathroom. Very quiet - room looked onto church gardens, not on the busy front street. Air Con very efficient, kept us cool, even with all 4 in the room. Breakfast was as good as the reputation makes it - really excellent, and service was friendly. Perfect location for old town Montreal, and you can walk to the subway in 5 minutes, and get anywhere in the city from there.	
Aug 18 2007 	Great Hotel close to all	Great hotel in great location. Breakfast included is wonderfully delicious. Staff very friendly and helpful. Rooms quiet and tastefully done with antique reproductions. Highly recommend eating at the restaurant for dinner. One of the best meals we had.	
Aug 4 2007	close to old city	European style hotel in a modern city. Located within the old town the hotel is well appointed and within short walking distance of all the old town tourist sights. It is almost adjacent to Note Dame Bascillica. Continental breakfast included in the rate was served in the hotel restaurant and was very high quality with waiter service rather than buffet.You can walk from the Place De Armes Metro station	
Jul 17 2007 	European Ambiance a step away from the tourist hordes	As part of a week's trip to Quebec, we spent three days at the Auberge last week. On a quieter side street, it has the flavor of a small European boutique hotel, with a 4 star restaurant to boot. The staff was helpful, the room was comfortable and spacious, with a large, tiled bathroom. The one drawback, no refrigerator. It's a minute walk from the front entrance down to Rue St. Paul, the main street of Vieux Montreal. Dinner at the restaurant was the high point of our stay.	
Jul 9 2007 	Wonderful hotel!	The Bonaparte was excellent. We stayed for a week on the street side of the hotel in the king bed room. The bathrooms were spacious and very clean, the room had plenty of space, and the noise from the street was not an issue at all (just close the window and you're fine!). The staff is extremely helpful and efficient - they will give good recommendations for dining and activities, as well as making reservations at hard-to-book spots (one of the front desk is well connected).We had a great time and would recommend this little hotel to anybody traveling here. The price is absolutely reasonable for all that you get: good hotel, good service, GREAT breakfast every morning included in the cost of the room.	
Jun 28 2007 	Charming	This hotel is a real gem! We stayed there for a few days at the beginning of June. There was a genuine hospitality from the moment we arrived jetlagged after our long flight from Ireland. The hotel itself is very clean, comfortable and has great French charm and character. The staff were friendly and helpful in every way. Breakfast was a wonderful experience, food was delicious, and I particulary enjoyed sitting at a window seat, drinking coffee and watching the world go by. We would certainly recommend it to anyone who is planning a trip to Montreal.	
Jun 17 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	The Auberge Bonaparte is a beautiful hotel on the edge of Old Montreal. We stayed in room 216. The room was spacious, and immaculate, with a wonderful jacuzzi bathroom. The hotel web site does not lie. We only ate breakfast in the restaurant, the service was wonderful, especially Matthew, and if you walk in from the street is a bargin at 10.50 Canadian (plus tax etc). We had room service the first night we were there and had the Table D'Hote menu. It was very nicely presented, lovely food, and very good value at 60 dollars for the two of us. The staff were very helpful, reception - booking a Montreal tours for us. The day we left the Owner/Manager took the time to speak with us and asked us why we had visited Montreal and even carried our bags out. You will not be disappointed if you stay here.	
Jun 7 2007 	Good Choice	My husband celebrated our anniversary in Montreal and spent 3 nights at Bonaparte. We stayed in room 304 (I think) - one of the cheaper rooms. The room was a good size and nicer than the photos on their web site. It’s a classy place in a fabulous location. I thought it was worth the extra money to stay right in the old section of the city. I adored the huge windows and spent some time sitting on the window seat watching the people/carriages go by on the street below. The bed was comfortable and the full bathroom was very nice. Breakfast was a huge highlight- an experience. The restaurant is fabulous with professional waiters and great food. We ate late breakfasts and skipped lunch most days. We ate dinner in the restaurant and both had their 7-course menu. Wow. It rivaled some of the dinners we've had in Paris - not quite, but close. We spent 3 1/2 hours dining and just having a lovely time. Ok, the only complaint I have is the desk staff and the parking. The parking lot affiliated with the hotel (up street on left) had no staff when we were ready to check out. We waited around for 15 minutes, and still no staff. Luckily, we had a second set of keys, so we just asked the desk attendant to mail us the key and we left. Well, they didn't. I had to call over a week later and remind them to mail them to me since I hadn't received them. They apologized, but still, that's not very professional. Also, the fact that the parking lot was unattended doesn't make me feel my car was very safe (especially with the recent break-ins). While I was waiting for the lot attendant that never showed up, the desk attendant asked if I was a AAA member. I said no, and he said &quot;Well, that's too bad, because you could have saved $60 if you were.&quot; I thought that was a very annoying response. It could have been said so much nicer – maybe “Well, I would suggest you consider joining if you plan to visit us again, because it will save you money.” Anyway, if you're planning to stay at this hotel, check into the AAA discount.	
May 3 2007 	Good Hotel in Quaint Old Montreal	My husband took me on a surprise trip to Montreal for my birthday and we stayed at the Auberge Bonaparte which was very nice. It's in the Old Montreal section and is quite lovely. We had a deluxe king room which was spacious and nicely decorated with a fairly spacious bathroom with jacuzzi and shower which turned out to wonderful after each day full of walking. The Inn is also located right around the corner from Notre Dame. The Basilica is absolutely outstanding so don't miss a visit there. The Inn serves an individually made breakfast which was included in our room rate. It is served in the Bonaparte Restaurant which is charming and which is rated as one of the top restaurants in Old Montreal. You are given several nice choices for breakfast and we must say the french toast and their omlettes are absolutely delicious and with the other items included you certainly will not walk away hungry. We also had dinner at the restaurant and while it is not inexpensive it was delicious with nice atmosphere and attentive service - we would definitely return (the foie gras was wonderful). Our room was on the third floor and faced the front of the Inn and we had no problem with noise either from outside or any of the adjoining rooms. Everyone we encountered at the Inn and the restaurant was super nice, courteous and very helpful. All in all Montreal is definitely a place we would return to and likewise the Auberge Bonaparte. The only small things I missed were a magnifying mirror for makeup (I wear glasses), a mini fridge and a safe but it definitely would not stop me from staying here again.	
Apr 28 2007 	cute hotel but very cozy and noisy	Staying in Old montreal has its pros and cons. Sure you get the old cobblestone streets but you also get all the horses that cluck up and down all day long. The standard queen room was fairly cozy with a tight bathroom. Windows opened up to the street with lots of noise from the restaurant, the horses and other street dwellers.A strange occurance: we put the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign up, received a phone call at 1130am to ask if we needed maid service, we had suggested 1:00p ( we were still on Pacfic standard time). They called back again at 1230p saying that the service was leaving now and if we wanted service still. We did not receive any maid service that day.All montreal hotels are fairly pricey but I guess you must pay more to get the best.	
Feb 19 2007	Small with friendly atmosphere	Originally planned to stay at a Hotel in the next street, but they were full and recommended this to us, and phoned ahead to check on room status.Very friendly staff, who offered to show me the room before deciding. Beautiful and clean with a four poster bed. (Lovely wooden floor but just watch as it became very slippery when wet from snow off our shoes.)The waiter at breakfast was very friendly and keen to offer advice, and suggested that to arrive at Quebec City we should take the ferry from Levi's. By the time we were ready to check out he had asked the Receptionist to print out directions and a map to make sure we approched from the road to the south of the river.Would recommend this to someone who wanted to stay in Vieux Montreal in the heart of the shops and restaurants, and just short stroll from the beautiful Basilique Notre-Dame.	
Jan 19 2007 	A lovely place to stay	I stayed at the Auberge Bonaparte twice in 2006, in June with my 5 year old daughter and in October with my lady friend. I have had their smallest room and their grandest suite. The Auberge is a wonderful, elegant, clean hotel. The staff is SUPER helpful, the surrounding neighborhood atmospheric and safe. The restaurant is excellent. What's not to like? I can't wait to go back!	
Jan 3 2007 	Charming Hotel Wonderful Stay	We stayed at this hotel over New Year's Eve and couldn't have been happier. The hotel combines a charming, old-world feel with spacious modern rooms. Everything felt very well thought-out. The staff was extremely helpful and attentive and the breakfast truly was delicious. Also ate at the restaurant for New Year's Eve and were not disappointed (though the restaurant was pricey). I would definitely recommend this to any traveler to Montreal.	
Dec 22 2006 	Perfect Stay	My boyfriend and I stayed here over the Thanksgiving Holiday. We chose this hotel as a recommendation from another hotel in the neighborhood. The location was perfect. The hotel was spotless, comfortable and the breakfast was delicious. We would definitely recommend this hotel. The affordable price is a bonus!	
Dec 4 2006	Loved it!	This is a great quaint hotel in old town Montreal. The room was very nice and clean and quite. The staff was very helpful. The best part about the hotel was the breakfast in the restaurant. Absolutely wonderful! I would definately stay here again. You won't be disappointed.	
Nov 23 2006 	A lovely one-year anniversary highly recommended	We stayed at the Auberge Bonaparte October 20-22 to celebrate our one year anniversary by shopping our arms off and going to a Habs game.The staff at the Bonaparte were welcoming and incredibly helpful with directions and suggestions - where to shop, where to eat, what to do, how to get anywhere. We received excellent help and service. The room was welcoming, comfortable, and nice; the bathroom was clean (++ important to me). The breakfast was fantastic. The location was incredibly handy - on a quiet, scenic little street in old Montreal.We'll be back the next time we're in Montreal.	
Oct 5 2006	Ok not great	We stayed here for two nights upon retrun to Montreal from Quebec City. This is one of those places where the room appearances are the internet are a great deal nicer than in actuality. The room was certainly clean enough but lacked character. Our room was in front and the noise ofrom the street can get pretty loud. There is a Mexican restaurant directly across from the hotel and street acoustics are such that late night revelers seem all the louder. Breakfast is ok but the eggs are so overcooked they are rendered tasteless. For the $$ we'd go elsewhere.	
Oct 2 2006 	The best spot in Montreal	We stayed at this property for three nights. It is terrific. The staff could have not done any more to make us feel welcome. They were fun and yet professional. The rooms are quite comfortable and the location is great. We walked almost everywhere. We discovered the roof garden and enjoyed the wine and cheese up there with our friends every evening while waitng for our dinner reservations. The breakfast was the best of our trip and our dinner experience in the dining room was the best meal we had in Montreal. A true gem. Would not consider another hotel in Montreal. Can't wait to go back.	
Sep 21 2006 	The Very Best in Montreal!!!!!!!!!!!	We cannot say enough about Auberge Bonaparte. I contacted the property direct to make reservations and Denis could not be more helpful. He made sure that we had a room with a view of Notre Dame. The room was extremely clean and comfortable. Upon our check-in Anne Marie could not have been more helpful, she even printed up names of vegetarian restaurants for us and booked reservations for us at the Bonaparte Restaurant.We dined at the Bonaparte and were seated in one of the intimate tables in the front and absolutely loved it! Marco was our waiter and went out of his way to accomodate my special needs (vegetarian). We requested champagne be sent to the rooftop terrace and they were happy to do so. The food was absolutely wonderful and my husband had the duck and could not say enough good things about it and he is a total food snob! The rooftop is pretty rustic compared to the rest of the hotel but we sat up there with a couple from Europe until 4 AM! Rafael was so nice to come up and check on us and bring us extra drinks and even umbrellas when it started sprinkling! We had such a fun time and they even brought us breakfast up to our room the next day at no additional charge.Denis is quite wonderful as he coordinated in room massages for me and my husband for our last night's stay. The staff is so helpful and I never heard &quot;I can't do that&quot; out of anyone. This is the place that you want to stay and owner Michael Banks will make sure that your stay is wonderful. We had the true pleasure to meet him and he already knew who we were, now that is impressive. He and the entire staff went out of their way to make our stay wonderful and I highly recommend this wonderful place when you holiday in Montreal. You absolutely will not find a better place in the city of Montreal.	
Aug 30 2006 	Excellent small hotel in Old Montreal	If you're looking for a small, independent hotel in the middle of Old Montreal, this is a great choice. The location is fantastic. Step out the hotel's front door and walk everywhere.The rooms are nice -- not luxurious, but comfortable and very pleasant. Our window had a nice view of the church. Breakfast was excellent. Holy cow those croissants were good!We dined in the hotel one evening. The food is excellent, and it was generally a great experience. I thought the service was slow, but we were enjoying ourselves, and of course, dining should be done at a leisurely pace. One review we read complained that Americans were seated in the back of the hotel, as if the management were snubbing guests from the US. We imagine that they do this because they expect Americans are nervous about the language barrier, so we saw this as a way of respecting their guests.Perhaps one minor downside is that parking is in an open lot across the street; we had no problems, but if I had a luxury car I might have thought twice.Another consideration: the rooms don't have big TVs or some of the other amenities you'd get at a chain hotel, but that didn't matter to us.	
Aug 28 2006 	Just Perfect!	The Auberge Bonaparte is perfect in every way. My friends and I went for a girl's shopping weekend in Montreal and wanted to stay somewhere different. We were very glad we chose this inn. It reminded me very much of Europe. The beds were quite comfortable and the the bathroom was clean. Breakfast was included and was very tasty. The service was excellent as well. It is walking distance to all the Old Port attractions and a short cab ride to shopping on St. Catherine street. We ate at Modavie which had a live jazz band - the food was superb (well worth the price!). I would recommed the Auberge Bonaparte to anyone.	
Aug 11 2006	A Charming Inn in Old Montreal	We spent 2 nights, July 13 - 15, in the charming and wonderful Auberge Bonaparte on the west end of Old Montreal, just around the corner from the Basilica. We discovered this gem through other TripAdvisor reviews, and we were not disappointed.We arrived in the city early, and were greeted by a very pleasant and helpful staff at the front desk, who helped us arrange parking and get settled in well before check-in time. We had booked the Queen size room with complete bathroom for $165 per night. The room was a bit small, but with very high ceilings which made it feel larger than it actually was. It was well-decorated (crown moldings, hard-wood floors, wrought iron bed), reflecting the Old Montreal location. Though we did not have control of the climate, our room was always comfortable during an extremely hot spell.A highlight of our stay was the full breakfast, included with the price of the room. The multi-course meal included juice, coffee/tea/cocoa, fresh fruit, croissant/bread basket, and a choice between french toast, bacon &amp; eggs, and a couple other options. Everything was delicious (especially the french toast!), and the wait staff was so accommodating.On our last trip to Montreal, we stayed at Le Saint-Sulpice Hotel. While the room in the Auberge Bonaparte was smaller, it was just as nice, the staff was oustanding, and the price was much more reasonable. We will definitely choose the Auberge Bonaparte on our next trip to Montreal.	
Aug 5 2006	Great Location and Awesome Breakfast	We spent 2 nights here, right around the corner from Notre Dame Cathedral. It was a short walk to many attractions, eateries, shopping and the metro. Parking was very convenient just down the block. The room was large, clean and cheery. The full breakfast at their restaurant was included with the price and was wonderful and really first-class, with choices and complete service. Our only complaint is that the air-conditioning was not working well in our room and it was during a very hot, humid weather period. We were told that it would be fixed--but by then we would have left. (Our daughter and her husband were staying on another floor at the same time and their room was very cool and comfortable.) We would definitely stay here again and recommend it to others.	
Aug 4 2006 	The Bonaparte is a gem!	We had an excellent stay at the Bonaparte -- 6 women having a reunion-- we had three rooms and stayed 5 nights. We loved it. The hotel was lovely with spacious, clean, and quiet rooms and wonderful toiletries. The staff were all helpful, cheerful, and very friendly. And the breakfasts were such a highlight of the day -- lovely room, table settings, delicious food, and great welcoming service. We also had dinner one night in the restaurant and were treated to wonderful food at reasonable prices-- and a surprise sparkler on the dessert for one of the women having a birthday, This is a real gem of a small hotel. We also enjoyed sitting out on the 6th floor rooftop terrace at night and looking at the stars. It is a little rustic out there but a great view and very quiet. We had a wonderful visit to Montreal and the Bonaparte answered all our questions and met all our needs, including lending us all umbrellas one rainy night. We could not have been happier with our stay. Thank you to the Bonaparte and its wonderful staff!!	
Aug 1 2006 	Bonaparte Would Be Proud	Our family of 3 stayed three nights and we were totally satisfied. The rooms are ultra clean and nice. As mentioned in previous posts, the breakfasts are wonderful and in a very pleasant setting. The restaurant downstairs is not to be missed. The french cuisine was excellent and the prices were very reasonable for the quality of food and top notch service. Service staff is very friendly and helpful. We would highly recommend a stay at the Auberge Bonaparte for your next stay in Montreal.	
Jul 28 2006 	Made the best choice	We arrived in the heat of July to this lovely oasis in Montreal.We arrived also to hear of the death of a family member. We live in Indiana and were far from home. After much discussion, we decided to depart early. This is when the radiator in our car blew.So, we sure had a dilema. I am an independent travel agent and seach really hard for charming, small properties. I can get a good sense on the phone when I speak with staff. I was so glad that we had chosen this hotel. It is a jewel in a quiet area of old Montreal. Spacious, Provence style rooms, very clean and peaceful. One of the best restauants in the city. Above all, the staff could not have done anything more to assist us; I felt that I was treated like an old friend rather than a total stranger. During our 2 day stay, they were just the nicest they could be.They made long distance calls, gave us a laptop to use, found radiator shops, served us drinks and coffee, and let us stay very late in our room until our car was repaired. Even the owner (Michael Banks) !!He stood on the street to hail a cab, when the one we called did not come. We even got hugs and kisses goodbye.People, this is what makes the difference when traveling. Dennis and Anne Marie were just the best; I am sure at a large hotel we would have been on our own. The restaurant staff SO great. Best Omelet I have ever had here, and I am a well travelled cook and judge of food.My only regret is that I did not get to really enjoy this wonderful place, but you should!! (ask for a terrace room, beautiful view...)	
Jul 16 2006	Very Nice	Really enjoyed our stay there. The rooms were very clean and the bathrooms were huge and very clean. The staff was very helpful and the breakfast was also very good. The location is great for taking strolls down to the old harbor and to just hang out and having a beer at one of many outdoor cafes. Old Montreal is great and has many great places to eat. Pass on Schwartz deli very over rated! Try La Fonderia it was great.	
Jun 27 2006	Luxury 	I am so impressed I am writing my review while I am in still in the hotel! We had a wonderful trip! Personal service was great! !Rooms: We stayed in a King/Double jacuzzi, was able to get a discount for AAA. The room is spacious,complete w/10 ft ceilings and the decor is just gorgeous full darkening drapes &amp; crown moulding make it a delight. Cleanliness deluxe! The hardwood floors throughout and ceramic tile bathroom, makes it clean and allergy free! We were on the 2nd (out of 5 rooms of floors), with a historic view of the city cobblestone streets and buildings. The bathroom was extra clean, the double jacuzzi was definately enough for 2 &amp; the amenties were all there, iron, hairdryer, etc.Service: A++++++ ! No member of the staff and management said NO or &quot;NON&quot; to anything! IT was always yes or OUI, no problem! Can u ask for more?! The personal service at this hotel is not anywhere you can really get from a larger hotel. As I stood at the by the front desk, there were several people who were leaving at the same time. I overheard all of them say, &quot;please book us next year for the same room&quot;. IT was great! Food: Bonaparte Restaurant, is an outstanding small french restaurant, with incredibile food (a substantial breakfast is included with your stay) and service. If you want you can order room service from the restaurant from their normal menu which was served quickly &amp; hot.I would definately come back and stay whenever I come back to Montreal. This and a perfect location in Old Montreal, steps away from Notre Dame, downtown the port, it can't be beat!	
Jun 21 2006	Excellent In Every Way	My girlfriend and I stayed in this hotel about a month ago. The location is within walking distance of Old Montreal, home to the best resturants in the city as well as a great atmosphere with friendly people. At night we could just walk around the city blocks without worrying about anything but having a good time. The hotel room was very cozy. I loved the cut out windows, so you could sit on the sill and watch the horse and buggys chatter past. The rooms are a bit small, but they do not feel small since the ceiling is so high, and windows are very tall. The staff was very helpfull, giving directions to the underground, olympic park, and good resturant recommendations. Word of advice, the bio-dome zoo pretty sad with the main attraction being some penguins. Really not worth the $12 / person. The underground was just a series of connected malls, didnt feel like I was underground, just in a mall without windows. People are right about the breakfast, it was the highlight of the stay. I chose to stay here becuase I read the traveler reviews, and they did not let me down. I hope you enjoy your stay here as well as we did.	
Jun 13 2006	More raves for Montreal's Bonaparte	Let us add our praise for the Auberge Bonaparte in Old Town Montreal. My wife and I were there three nights at the end of May, 2006. We concluded that the one thing we liked best about Montreal was the hotel we were staying in! The stylish room on the second floor had a view of a little park.The C$185 rate included a full sit-down breakfast. Besides breakfasts, we had one lunch and two dinners in the Bonaparte's superb French restaurant. We chose the Bonaparte because of the unfailingly good reviews it got in TripAdvisor. We were not misled.	
Jun 10 2006	Excellent hotel in Old Montreal	This was a wonderful find. The hotel was situated in the heart of Old Montreal. It was within walking distance to the many places we wanted to see. There were a ton of restaurant options nearby, and a small corner store just 2 blocks away.The breakfast (which was included) was amazing, made to order, and your choice of french toast, pancakes, bacon and eggs or omelette. All of the staff were very friendly and extremely helpful. The room was clean and well kept, although it had no air conditioning, but opening up one of the big windows in our room, cooled off the room quickly.It was a very comfortable to stay, and we would absolutely stay at this auberge when we visit Montreal again.	
Apr 27 2006	Wonderful Experience	We stayed at the Auberge Bonaparte for a 3-day weekend and were extremely pleased. Immaculate room with hardwood floors, marble bathroom, and nice furnishings. We were on the 3rd of 5 floors -- not much street noise. The breakfasts (included in price) were unbelievable -- e.g. eggs/omelet/pancakes/french toast with fruit cup, coffee, fresh orange juice, toast and great croissants. Fast, state-of-the-art, brand new (like most things in this recently refurbished hotel) elevator. We ate dinner one night in the hotel's own French Restaurant -- don't get me wrong: I don't usually eat where I sleep but this was an exception. Fabulous meal and frequented by many locals. This hotel is in the old city with many other wonderful restaurants within close walking distance. Superb service all the way around. Only one very minor complaint: the room had no couch or easy chairs. They should either add some or add more pillows to the bed. We'll be returning to this place often.	
Nov 1 2005	A Place for the Perfect Getaway	This is a lovely little hotel attached to a classic French restaurant. The full, breakfast, included in the room rate, is wonderful--and cooked to order. There were two sinks in our room, one inside the large bathroom and one outside. The surrounding area is totally charming with a wide choice of good restaurants. We plan to spend a week there sometime this year.	
Oct 28 2005	Great ambiance service location.	We recently spent three nights at Auberge Bonaparte over the Canadian Thanksgiving weekend and very much enjoyed our stay. This smallish, boutique-style inn is conveniently located in the heart of Vieux Montreal, about a block from the rue St. Paul and just around the corner and a block south of the Basilique Notre-Dame, whose towers were visible from our room’s window. Our triple room was spacious, spotless and well-appointed, with one queen-sized and one double bed (decent, but perhaps not the most comfortable beds we’ve had in our travels), a high ceiling, floor-to-ceiling windows, some exposed brick, wood floors, and a large marble bathroom with jacuzzi and separate shower. Decor in the room and throughout the hotel was simple, fresh and tasteful. Our room, on the back side of the hotel, was very quiet. Service was very friendly and always helpful. Breakfast at the hotel each morning was a treat. It was all table-service, not buffet, and the choices included a variety of omlettes, french toast, crepes, breakfast sandwich, or an eggs/bacon/sausage/hash browns combo. All were delicious, and served with fruit salad or yogurt, plus fresh-squeezed orange juice, robust coffee, and a basket of fresh breads that included excellent, buttery croissants. A great way to fortify yourself for the day!We also had dinner one evening in the hotel's restaurant, Bonaparte, which didn't disappoint. The atmosphere was lovely and unpretentious, and the service was very good as well.This was our first visit to Montreal, and it won't be our last. Although the weather could have been better, we thoroughly enjoyed walking around the old town and other areas of the city. A few other highlights included the Pointe-a-Calliere archeological museum and the Parc du Mont Royal - a short cab ride up from the hotel with a lovely walk back down.	
Aug 11 2005	Lovely and fun!	I had a great time at this hotel. Our room was immaculate and the wood floors and beautiful large windows add much to the decor. We enjoyed the breakfasts each morning (comes with the price of the room). We found the staff to be gracious and accommodating. Our last night in Montreal we ate at the hotel restaurant and the food was very delicious but the dining room was a bit noisy (we happened to be seated near a table of 10 which accounted in part for the noise). I enjoyed the giant jacuzzi type bathtub after tromping around seeing the sites and shopping. My only complaint would be the smoky lobby and the rooftop terrace which made us laugh hard because it was hard to imagine anyone having an &quot;event&quot; there. Maybe it's in the process of becoming a terrace. I would go back to this hotel in a minute though.	
Jul 29 2005	The Best	I have eaten at the restaurant many times on past trips, the best food youell ever eat! The restaurant has been open for 23 years that says alot. My family of 4 stayed in the largest suite w/ a balcony overlooking Notre Dame. Spotless room and wonderful staff, they even made us box lunches for the train trip home. One of the friendliest hotels Ihave ever stayed at. Its perfectly placed in the heart of Old Montreal. The only place Ill ever stay at on my next trip!	
Jul 14 2005	Beautiful Hospitable Inn	What a lovely vacation at Auberge Bonaparte! I stayed from June 26 to July 3, 2005. The rooms are inviting, the staff is quite accommodating, and the (included) breakfasts - superb! The bathroom was particularly nice. Try to get a garden view. The room was spotless, everyone I dealt with had a helpful, Montreal attitude, which means nice!	
Jun 27 2005	Perfect Hotel with perfect service	Just returned from a two night stay at this hotel. It was clean, the staff accomodating and not at all &quot;weird&quot; and the location was perfect and quiet. The hotel is immaculate, breakfast was ample and delicious. Very close to the horse and buggy rides, old Montreal, the Port, the Basillica Notre Dame and tons of restaurants. Auberge Bonaparte is an excellent hotel with excellent value. Can't imagine anyone being dissapointed.	
May 22 2005	Great Hotel	Great hotel very close to Notre-Dame. Rooms were clean and the breakfast was great! Reasonably priced too.	
Mar 23 2005	Nice hotel weird staff	The Good: Nice, clean rooms; central location; reasonable price; and a very nice breakfast in their restaurant included in the room rate (be sure to try the French toast).The Bad: Un-friendly, unhelpful at the front desk. We had just come in from the Dominion 1912 in Quebec City, where we had gotten used to the staff mapping out all the best places where we could eat around the hotel. At Bonaparte, such questions elicited either a quizzical look, a semi-rude answer, or vague pointing into the air (&quot;Try to Polish restaurant by walking *that* way&quot;).I'm also not a fan of the wrought-iron beds (try popping up your pillow to read and getting a metallic rod in your back).Finally, their price kept shifting. I booked the room at C$130, their confirmation e-mail later said it was $140, and I finally got charged $135. Now to call and see if they'll refund my credit card. What fun.	
Mar 11 2005	Great Warm Place	I picked this hotel based on the reviews I read here. I was quite happy with my choice. The hotel is located about 2 blocks from an entrance to the underground city and within walking distance to many attractions. We visited during a winter snow storm and had no problems. The staff was polite and helpful, despite the fact we did not speak French. Our room was clean and quiet and the beds were comfortable. The included breakfast was great! It included fruit or yogurt, juice and coffee, toast/pastry, and the main dish. My only complaint is that the Canadian and Quebec governments hit you hard with taxes on the bill (about $80 Canadian on a $500 bill).	
Feb 14 2005	Really great place! Highly recommend	The hotel is located on a great street in Old Montreal. If you are looking for a moderately priced (around $110/night American) hotel this place is fabulous and better than some places I've stayed at double the rate. Located very close to Metro stop, great service, very nice people, free breakfast, good food. The room was clean and neat, a little small, and loud overlooking the street, but not at all obtrusive. Hard wood floors and a nice bathroom, although no jacuzzi jets as promised. Overall, a great place to stay and perfect location for a romantic weekend. I would not recommend for college students looking to party, there are other places to stay better suited for that.	
Jan 16 2005	Excellent quaint hotel	I stayed at Auberge Bonaparte in the spring of 2004, and my recent trip to Montreal reminded of how great of a hotel this was and prompted me to write a review. I travel 100k+ miles a year in North America on business, and mostly stay at Marriott- and Hilton-affiliated properties.This time I had an extra day to enjoy winter in Montreal with a familymember, and I booked Auberge Bonaparte based on reviews. The hotel is on a quiet side street in the Old Port area, our taxi driver from the airport actually had to cal the hotel for directions. The location is excellent for roaming the sights on foot.The room was clean and well appointed. Our room actually had a view of the Notre Dame gardens. They had free broadband internet access in the room (wired Ethernet, no WiFi).The hotel restaurant breakfast was excellent.Highly recommended.	
Oct 4 2004	A Delightful Inn and Outstanding Restuaraurant	The Bonaparte is one of the finest small and exclusive hotels in North America. The rooms are large, comfortable, elegant, and stylish. The door to each room is in an alcove with a large marble threshhold, and the floors are shiny hardwood throughout. The bathrooms are roomy and bright. Key question: Would I stay here again? Answer: In a flash! I would not even consider another hotel in the interesting and sophisticated city of Montreal. Innkeeper Michael Banks is most knowledgeable and helpful. The restaurant is one of the best in Canada. All-in-all, this property deserves an A+.	
Aug 1 2004	Just perfect!!	My husband and I stayed here when we came to Montreal for a convention in May 2004. Tucked away between Old Montreal and the commercial center (closer to old Montreal) is this wonderful European style hotel. Nicholas and the desk staff are wonderful hosts, fantastic concierges, very accomodating, and were more than willing to give a lesson or two in French.Although the rooms are not fancy by American standards, they are much warmer, quaint, and more European than a Holiday Inn. We got a nice room with a 2 person, very deep whirlpool, and boy was that a nice way to end a long day.The attached restaurant, although not a quick bite, serves the most wonderful food and ambiance. The breakfasts, which are included in the price, are amazing and the croissants a beyond compare.When my husband and I do go back, we will not consider staying anywhere else.	
Feb 25 2004	Great value great location!	This hotel is ideally situated right in Old Montreal on a fairly quiet street. The rooms are spotless, comfortable and all have hardwood floors. We had a great view and slept like babies. I was not wild about the breakfast but I understand they serve amazing dinners! The staff was friendly. This is a great deal, especially during high season when other hotel prices skyrocket in Montreal.	
Feb 10 2004	Perfect	The Bonaparte was a comfy place to sleep. It was beautiful, clean and the staff was wonderful. My FI proposed to me in our room and the staff helped him pull it off by delivering champagne and the ring. The setting is romantic but it is close enough to the heart of Montreal.	
Nov 25 2003	Loved it!!		
Oct 29 2003	Amazing space!		
Oct 5 2003	A Pleasant Surprise		
Sep 5 2003	Fantastic		
Aug 18 2003	Exceptional Hotel for the Sophisticated Traveler		
May 27 2003	Great Hotel and Restaurant		
May 7 2003	great room great breakfast great location		
Sep 15 2002	Great Value + Wonderful Food		
Aug 15 2002	great hotel		
Apr 18 2002	excellent!		
Aug 1 2008 	????????????????????		
Feb 26 2008 	Excellent choix		
