Nov 24 2009 	reasonable well located accommodation	The hotel is an old building which has been updated with current fixtures, is clean and has original art throughout giving it a pleasant atmosphere. my room, which had quite a small window, faced the back of the hotel looking out over the back alley through a corridor of two brick walls - the low light level made it a bit dreary during the day even though it was painted bright yellow. the sleeping room was spacious, the bathroom very small and the closet contained a good-sized safe. cleanliness was very good. the hotel is well located near transport, clubs, bars &amp; restaurants on rues st. denis and st. laurent. breakfast which is included is basic continental &amp; is a little on the skimpy side. I had little interaction with staff, but they seemed courteous &amp; informative.	
Nov 3 2009 	Never stay anywhere else.	I have stayed at the Chateau twice over the past few years and I can honestly say I would never stay anywhere else when in Montreal. It looks like a converted mansion with all of the fireplaces and crown moulding from a long time ago. The rooms are nice and big, the staff are really helpful and even include a small breakfast you can eat downstairs or take to your room.Location is a short walk to the latin quarter and downtown is close too.The price is right, alot cheaper than the big chain hotels.It is becoming my home in Montreal.	
Oct 28 2009 	Hidden wonder!	Surprisingly not very many people are familiar with this little treasure... located on the very popular Sherbroolke Street .... it is just a minutes walk from the Latin quarter of Montreal... so shopping, theatre, museums and dining are within waking distance. The staff are friendly and know enough english to easily assist guest who do not understand french... Taxi's are very easy to get as this hotel is just across from the Grande Plaza ... There is always at least two parked outside there. The subway (metro) is also close by and easy to use. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 26 2009 	It's ok if...	... you manage to get a room to the back. We were luckly to get a room on short notice in the high season. Our room was clean and spacious but it went out to the front and Rue Sherbrooke is a very busy street so it was far too noisy for us. It was quite hot, when we stayed there and there was not AC in our room so we would have liked to sleep with the window open but no way. Even with the windows closed it was noisy.The hotel is conveniently situated for all kinds of sight seeing, our room was clean and breakfast was inlcuded in our rate. The breakfast room, though, is stiflingly small and the breakfast is nothing to get excited about.	
Oct 26 2009 	Old World Charm	We visited Montreal October 22-24 and couldn't have been more pleased with our stay at LArgoat. From reception to departure, it was excellent.The rooms were quiet, the bathrooms small yet functional. Breakfast was OK and the Living Room had a common desk top computer to check emails on. Parking around back was included.If you are going to Montreal to spend time in the city rather than your room, L'Argoat is the place to stay.	
Oct 21 2009 	Not Recommended	The weather during our early October visit to Montreal was quite chilly. Some might even say cold. When I told the concierge that our room was cold and requested the heat be turned on, I was told that 'heat would not be available until the following week'. Had it not been for this serious lack of service, I would classify this hotel as average as the room was small, clean but adequate. I was greatly surprised by the number of effusive reviews as the Chateau de l'Argoat lacks charm and does not provide particularly good value for the money.	
Sep 13 2009 	A Nice Find. Wouldn't stay anywhere else.	My boyfriend and I stayed here over the Labor Day weekend, in the cheapest, smallest room available (we spent all our money on food) and were pleasantly surprised to see that the room size was more than adequate. Small bathroom, but everything was clean..except for a few stains on the comforter, but I'm not hugely fussy. The staff was very friendly and informative, plus all spoke good-to-proficient English. The parking situation was a dream, and the location, perfect. The Wi-Fi was a little spotty, but no big deal.We will definitely stay here next time and not take a gamble ever again-and believe me, Montreal has some hideous hotels hiding under the guise of a slick facade. Just stay here.	
Sep 7 2009 	A reason to go come back to Montreal	This was our first time in Montreal and the Chateau Del'Argoat was a pleasant surprise. The service was very friendly and helpful. The hotel itself was nice and quiet although it's on a main street. The room was very clean but just a little cramped for four people. The location was great. The metro was across the street, although we walked almost everywhere. It is very centrally located, with many restaurants, clubs and bars just steps away. The parking was a plus also. We parked our car on the first day and didn't use is again until we left four days later. The breakfast was O.K. We would have a coffee or juice and something small, but the best part was walking a block or two to a cafe and having coffee and a coissant outside, while people watching. My husband and I plan to come back to Montreal ourselves and we would definitely stay here .	
Aug 25 2009 	Felt like I lived in Montreal	This hotel was the perfect place for my husband's and my vacation. We love urban exploring, and the Chateau de l'Argoat, with a room that overlooked Sherbrooke, allowed us to feel as if we were apart of the city, while also giving a feeling of comfort and quiet when we needed to rest. Just blocks from the Metro and within walking distance to some great restaurants (and the Just for Laughs Festival), the hotel is perfectly located on the border of the Plateau and Latin Quarter. The staff is great, the food is tasty, and the parking can't be beat. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Aug 20 2009 	Lovely Boutique Hotel Great Staff Great Location	We stayed at this wonderful establishment for three nights. Our room was bright and lovely, clean, and large, with an exceptionally large bath which had an oversized tub. The common areas are nicely decorated, and the staff very welcoming and friendly. We particularly appreciated the secure off street parking, located at the back door of the hotel. The continental breakfast was good, but the dining area did tend to get quite crowded, which was no more than a minor inconvenience at most.The location is perfect, particularly if you enjoy walking. One block away from Rue St. Denis, which has restaurants and shops that seemingly go on for miles. About twenty minutes walk to Old Town Montreal, which made for a great way to burn off some of the calories consumed at the wonderful restaurants located there. We also walked to Park Mount Royal, which was approximately thirty minutes away. Climbing to the top of Mount Royal revealed a fabulous place with spectacular views of the city.I would heartily recommend this hotel to anyone who enjoys the benefits, amenities, and personal touch to be found in a smaller establishment over the impersonality of large hotels.	
Aug 5 2009 	Extremely helpful and friendly staff at a great price	Some of the benefits of staying at Chateau de l'Argoat are:1.Extremely helpful and friendly staff 2. The hotel is centrally located 3. Subway station across the street4. Excellent restaurants nearby on St Deny st 5. Delicious continental breakfast 6. Free parking7. Clean roomsThe only con I had against the hotel was the bed was a little firmer then I like.Overall my wife and would stay at Chateau de l'Argoat again.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great Value Convenient Location	We stayed in room #22... there was lots of room to move around even with 2 adults and a small child. Bathroom is compact, but it's very new (and clean!) and efficient. Free parking in the back (they will likely hold your keys because of tandem parking). Breakfast is continental, but it's not self-service. There's a gal who warms the muffins and croissants, etc., so that added service touch is nice. There's usually fruit available as well, and my husband (who is a coffee snob) actually liked the coffee. Great value. Subway is across the street. You're a block from St Denis where there are a million restaurants and great nightlife. We walked everywhere (it's a mile or so to Old Montreal).	
Jul 24 2009 	Very Impressive Breakfast	Though the hotel looks old outside, it is beautiful inside. Our room looked exactly the same as that appeared on their website. Free wireless internet is provided in room. The front desk service was fast. Every staff we dealt with spoke good English. They responded positively to our comments very quickly.The breakfast is very nice with orange juice, fruit, coffee and different kinds of bagels, muffins, etc. There is a beautiful and polite young lady to serve you. You make your orders and she heats the bagel, muffins, etc. to make them tasty for you. You can also re-order and even have your breakfast served inside your room!Travel information is provided in room &amp; posted at the breakfast area. We regret that we did not take a look at it earlier and missed a museum package with great value which included free visits to over 30 museums and a 3 days travel pass. The 3-day travel pass costs CAD17 itself and can be used on Bus &amp; Metro networks. The hotel is only a 2-minute walk to the Sherbrooke Metro Station. We have no difficulty at all in getting to all attractions with the travel pass.	
Jul 13 2009 	Best place to stay in Montreal	My husband and I have been staying at L'Argoat for the past 10 years. We usually visit twice a year (sometimes more). The staff are very friendly and helpful. The location is ideal. We park the car at the hotel and the rest of the time we walk, bike or take the metro (Sherbrooke Metro is just across the street). The price of the room includes breakfast and parking. You can't find a better deal anywhere else. Over the past 10 years we have stayed in several of the rooms. They were all nicely decorated, clean and peaceful.	
Jun 22 2009 	Highly Recommend	My son and I spent 2 nights. We were there to visit McGill Univ. The location was great. Once there we didn't move the car til time to leave. We walked everywhere we needed to go. Mcgill is about 1 mile and we loved the &quot;Rue Saint Denis&quot; area (about 5 min walk). Lots of bars, grills, a movie theater and the like. Seemed like a very trendy area. Our room was the 2 bed with whirlpool bath. We wanted the smaller 2 bedroom but it was booked. This room was great. A very big bedroom, flat screen, large bathroom. It was sort of like a B&amp;B. and very quaint. Staff was friendly and spoke english when needed (all the time form me :)This is the place to stay. Avoid the big chains.	
Jun 10 2009 	Excellent value in a small hotel	Wonderful small hotel, at a reasonable price for a big city. An old converted-house style of place. Clean comfortable home-style rooms. The large-bathroom (it's very large) room is well worth the extra $5. Friendly and helpful staff. Continental breakfast non-notable but OK. Parking multi-rowed, but a highly valued asset in a city with very limited parking.	
Jun 2 2009 	Good value but nothing special	I got one of the rooms facing the street. I was tired and slept well, but mornings are noisy. Room is comfortable but small. Bathroom is tiny. Very close to the subway and on the fringes of downtown (Montreal downtown is big, so some might consider it a downtown place).Breakfast is very simple - juice, coffee or tea, fresh fruit, toast, muffins or bagel, so if you stay several days it is boring - and service was not fast. Breakfast room is tiny, only four tables, very close to each other, so you feel you should eat as quickly as possible and get out of there.	
May 26 2009 	Loved Chateau de l'Argoat would definitely recommend	Very friendly staff from the moment we made reservations. Very helpful when calling for directions to the hotel. Room and bathroom were very clean upon arrival. Free wireless internet which worked very well. Location was great, a 2 minute walk to Metro Station and lots of restaurants and bars close by on Rue St. Denis. Breakfast was a good selection of bagels, muffins, breads, croissants, juice and coffee, all very fresh. Plenty of available parking behind hotel. A very pleasant experience overall.	
Apr 22 2009 	Funky clean friendly and great value!	My family includes one young child and one teenager. We booked the room with two double beds (or queen, but definitely more like doubles) with standard bath, and discovered it's actually 2 adjoining rooms -- perfect for putting my younger child to bed first. There is free internet hookup in the larger room and TV in both rooms. This room is on the ground floor near the reception desk and front door, so I was worried about noise, but it was actually quiet after 10 pm. Most guests seemed to be middle aged or older, and came in early. Breakfast starts at 7 near the room, so noise picked up by 8 am (though we were up by then).I found the breakfast to be substantial, though heavy on carbs, no fruit or protein. You can have seconds. The chocolate croissants are great, tho tiny but you get 3 and can get a bagel or muffin also (the muffins are not great).The people at the desk were always very friendly and very helpful in advice. There is street noise on the first flor, but more of traffic than of pedestrians, since this hotel is at the end of the commercial section and at the start of a more residential or office section of Sherbrooke. The traffic noise wasn't bad at night.The rooms that we looked into are all painted in cheerful colors, seem to have been painted recently, with original artwork and chandeliers in every room. The desks have standard hotel chairs. Our standard bath included a very deep tub and shower could be hand-held. Nice lavender soap. I was thinking my parents (in their 80s) might like to stay on the first floor here, but the tub is high for an older person to step in and out of.Sherbrooke is well located for the Musee de Beaux-Arts and McGill U (which has a natural history museum) if you take a bus or taxi straight down the street (over 20 min walk), but is a very short walk to the pedestrian zone with many restaurants. It's also a 20 min walk to the old city, which we walked with our 7 year old -- it's downhill on the way there.There is free parking. We had no trouble getting our car when we needed it, despite valet parking situation.	
Mar 31 2009 	The perfect place to be for a romantic night.	PREFACE:I searched and search for the right hotel, I compared prices, I looked at location, I did it all. I was limited though, my gf told me that she wanted a &quot;romantical night&quot;(haha!), so we needed a jacuzzi, a large bed, wine and isolation. I thought Montreal in the Winter time, you can get anymore isolated and alone than that. It was so. I booked online via e-mail with Argoat, it was $120 for the Queen sized bed and double whirlpool bath.MY TRIP:I drove my fat American butt up from Albany,NY(USA) to Montreal(About 3.5 hours). I decided that a GPS was a waste of money, and probably just a hassle if I borrowed my mom's. So I didn't...yea, I got lost. Big time. The only number I had and the only person I knew, was Gilles at the Chateau. I called the Chateau and I spoke with Gilles who was working there. He was the nicest and most patient person in the world after being lost for 2 hours on the phone with Gilles, we became good friends..haha. The only thing about him was that he had an accent. So awhile of driving I got close to the hotel, I thought Gilles was telling me to turn on &quot;saint duber street&quot;. I was drove all over and I called him back 3 or 4 times but I never saw a &quot;saint duber&quot; on the right or left side. I said, can you spell the street name for me...it was &quot;Saint Hubert&quot;...hahaha! THE HOTEL:So yea, after that little mishap I arrived at the hotel. It was just like I had read about. It was small, it felt cozy like someone's house. You just feel comfortable there, safe, it reminds you of home. The room was done tastefully, the bed was nice, really nice. We got alot of use out if...if you know what I'm saying. The hot tub (which is not in the pictures) was a lot of fun. We couldn't figure out how to get it work, we called the front desk. The guy came up, he thought it was broken. Turns out he had never used it before. He was going to upgrade our room from the one we had to the other larger jacuzzi suite. Then he figured it out, there's a special button on the top of the tub. You won't notice it, it looks almost hidden. Anyways, it worked. I had my romantical night with my lady. The TUB and BATHROOM ARE HUGE! There's a walkin shower too(If you are really interested PM me, I have a video I took of the room) The TV is small but if you are staying there for the reasons I was, you won't be watching TV. It did have a DVD player which I used to play some jazz and other romantical music. Also, parking was easy and free.FOOD:It was minus 5 degrees or less with the wind. So I didn't walk around at night or the next day. It took all the courage my gf and I had just to go across the street to the Hilton. At the Hilton is where I ate dinner and it was delicious! I had a chicken burger, a turkey club sandwhich, and some french onion soup. Our server there was hilarious, a real character. The bill came to around 50 sumtin Canadian for 3 drinks(alcohol), a soup, and an 2 entrees. Great deal, considering I would have payed double for that quality they offered.The breakfast at the Chateau was also as described here. It was amazing. The coffee and juice was really good. I had a muffin, crepes, toast, haha, everything. NO WONDER I'm a fat american!!THANK YOU!! CHATEAU de L'Argoat!	
Jan 2 2009 	What a great time!	We had originally intended to stay elsewhere while in Montreal but we found Chateau De L'Argoat after we were screwed out of our intended destination.Though we were choosing a hotel by running out of the car and checking rooms/prices, L'Argoat was a perfect find. The rooms are decently cheap, but vary heavily, from an odd smaller room with an unattached (but private) bathroom (just the one room, a victim of the older architecture), to sunny, queen bed and jacuzzi affairs. It being late we opted for the jacuzzi, which still put the room down cheaper than our original booking.L'Argoat has three floors, attached by stairs. There is no elevator or handicapped ramp.The only problem we had all stay was with the heat. With the outdoors so cold, the Quebecois like it hot, and we couldn't seem to make heater go below sub-tropical. Cracking a window was a quick and very effective fix.Breakfast in the morning is simple and french, baked goods brought to order and coffee tea and juice. If you're really hungry you'll have to head out into Montreal, which is probably why you're there anyway.The desk staff were friendly and courteous, and basically run the entire place. Housekeeping is separate, but the desk staff are also your parking attendants and waiters for breakfast.The parking situation is a little house party style (but it was free). You have to leave your keys at the desk because the lot out back can only fit enough cars if they park people in. We decided to trust them and they didn't ding up anything while we were there. But I could see it being inconvenient if you were in a hurry. The parking is also off of an un-plowed back alley, in Montreal. So if the forecast says snow, leave your car in one of the covered lots down the street, or you'll be extending your stay a little while while the city thaws.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great experience.	Stayed here for a night in September of 2008. No complaints. Great service, comfortable room and very conveniently located. Would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 16 2008 	Loved it and will stay again	We were happy off the bat that the Chateau offered parking as that seems to be a rarity in big cities. The parking is unique in the back so you have to give them your car keys so that they can move cars around if needed. The counter staff were helpful when we were looking to find a place we were interested in going. I was extremely pleased with the room. We stayed in room four, which is on the ground floor, and is actually two rooms. Perfect for two friends traveling together as we each had our own tv and privacy. The bed was very comfortable and I loved the down pillows. I really liked the hardwood floors, wall colour, mouldings and room chandelier. The continental breakfast was awesome, with the best bagels ever. It is located in such a convenient location and I recommend people using the subway if they are going to the shopping district. I plan to stay here again and recommend it to all my friends and family.	
Oct 13 2008	Mostly positive with one major gripe	The positives:(1) free parking(2) convenient location - walk two blocks to Rue St Denis and you are right in between the Quartier Latin and the Plateau. There are just tonnes of restaurants and cafes in both areas catering to virtually every cuisine. My recommendation is to walk up to Avenue Duluth (10 mins) as there are some great restaurants there. We also walked to Chinatown and Old Montreal in about 20-25 min but there is a subway stop across the street from the hotel if you prefer to use that.(3) tasty continental breakfast included, though the waitress on our second morning gave us a far smaller ration of croissants and pain au chocolat than the first morning.(4) nice rooms, ours had a jacuzzi which was great after a day out. Of course you have to pay extra for rooms with a jacuzzi.So - measly rounds of pain au chocolat aside - what was I annoyed about? Well, we had booked four nights but after two we felt that we wanted to move onto our next destination the next day (ie after the third night). So at 2:30pm I went downstairs to ask if we could check out a night early. But I was two and a half hours late and they just would not budge on their 24 hour cancellation policy (I was informing them 21.5 hours in advance). I asked if they had turned anyone away because it was full (because in that case I would have agreed that it was fair I should pay up) but they didn't seem to want to answer that question. I even offered to pay 50%, but that wasn't acceptable either. Of course, you may side with the hotel owner and say that policy is policy and I knew what I was signing up for at the beginning. But for the sake of me asking two and a half hours late, when I was already paying half a grand for three nights, I find this lack of goodwill disappointing and hence I give four rather than five stars.	
Oct 9 2008 	GREAT	Was at conference in Montreal for a week, and wanted somewhere small and convient at good price.This place was great.The location good, opposite metro station near bus station and walking distance to latin and village quarters.Staff at reception amazing and very helpful friendly.Room ( 24) a little orange/red for my taste but clean and quiet.Breakfast simple and in good atmosphere, definitly enough to start the day.Again back to reception staff , very accomadating and nothing too much bother ( left my case there for four days as went on side trip to Washington DC).Art in Hotel is great.Am in Montreal every 2 years for conference and will be back here.	
Oct 4 2008 	BED BUGS - BEWARE!!!	Good hotel, excellent location, everything was fine until I got struck by bed bugs!!! Avoid room 7 which is the one just left of the reception area. There are two rooms, the bugs struck in the main bedroom. Happened on 2 October 2008.	
Sep 26 2008 	Friendly staff	We had the large room on the main floor in the front of the hotel with a jetted tub.The room was large and comfortable. A nice sitting area and a new TV. The bath had both the jetted tub and a shower. Even though it overlooked Sherbrooke St. , it was not noisy. The best part of the hotel were the friendly front desk staff. The young lady that greeted us when we arrived was so friendly and helpful with lots of suggestions on what to do and see that evening. The chap that checked us out was also very friendly.The morning breakfast was ok, but nothing to get excited about.	
Sep 15 2008 	Perfect for us	My husband and I spent 2 nights at L'Argoat and found it fit our requirements perfectly: small &amp; quiet; free parking; internet access; metro stations nearby (one right across the street, another about a 3 blk walk); good continental breakfast in quaint little breakfast room; interesting neighborhood with lovely Parc la Fontaine within easy walking distance. I don't know how close the nearest resaurant is, as we had lunch and dinner while we were touring Montreal, but we did enjoy drinks in the bar of the Double Tree across the street. The staff of Chateau L'Argoat were friendly and helpful. We think this hotel is a real bargain and have recommended it to friends.	
Sep 14 2008	Loved it !	I simply loved this hotel. It is located in front of the Sherbrooke metro station, and it's a 5-minute walk to Berri-UQAM (where you can catch the airport shuttle).The staff was friendly and helpful, the room clean and comfortable, and I loved the breakfast (orange juice, bagels, toasts, muffins, coffee and tea). There is also a computer available for customers.Altogether a 5-star experience !	
Sep 8 2008 	Cute Hotel Enjoyable Stay.	My husband and I enjoyed our 3 day stay at this hotel in late August 2008. The hotel is outside Vieux Montreal, but the Sherbrooke metro station is just a 2 minute walk up the street, which makes getting around the city convenient. The staff at the front desk were very friendly, provided us with good directions, and were very knowledgeable about the metro system and buses to Quebec City. There is a free continental breakfast (bagels, muffins, croissants, juice, and coffee), which is served by a waitress in a little breakfast room. The sesame bagels were quite good. Our room had a queen bed and a standard bathroom (I think it was room 12). The bed was a bit hard, but the bathroom was very large, bright, and airy with a big bathtub. The room faced the back of the hotel, so it was pretty quiet. Be sure to notice all the cool abstract artwork throughout the hotel. The hotel does not have an elevator, which could present a problem for some people. Overall, we were very happy with the hotel and would stay there again.	
Sep 4 2008 	Loved this quaint hotel	I had read reviews of this hotel in TripAdvisor and it was recommended in their Montreal Trip Guide. I was not disappointed. We had a large corner room (Room 26) which had a very large bathroom. The bed was very comfortable and the maid service was good. The only caveat is that there was no glass (real or plastic) in the room, so be sure to ask for one. We asked for one the first night but forgot to ask for one the second and the maid took our glass from the night before. The continental breakfast which is included is just that: a choice of croissant, muffin or bagel, juice and tea or coffee. It was fresh and the muffins were huge. The hotel is located a little bit away from the main part of town but right across the street from the metro station. The best part is that the hotel provides FREE parking behind the hotel and this is a great benefit as many of the hotels either don't provide parking or charge a pretty penny for it. The desk clerks were very helpful and courteous.There are no elevators so if you have trouble climbing stairs be sure to ask for a room on the first floor. We got our exercise going up and down two flights of stairs.	
Sep 4 2008 	Really cool hotel.	We stayed at this hotel in for 13 days spanning June/July of this year for our honeymoon and really loved it. We booked a small room, and in retrospect, we should have gotten a larger one for such a lengthy stay, but it was adequate and very cute. The hotel staff was very pleasant. The breakfast was excellent every day (I could have taken dozens of the chocolate pastry home with me!). The parking was tight, as others have mentioned, but the desk staff always happily moved cars around and it wasn't really an issue since we were across the street from a metro stop anyway. The hotel is located nearby to some great and vegetarian friendly restaurants. My husband and I are really laid back and low maintenence, so this low frills place was cool for us, and a great value. On our budget, it was a great alternative to some soul-less chain.	
Aug 25 2008 	We Would Do it Again!	We just got back from a lovely trip to Montreal and Quebec City. We have traveled a lot but this was the first time that we didn't choose a chain hotel listed in AAA. This boutique hotel was perfect. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The room was clean, extremely quiet and had very interesting decorations. The bathroom however, was very small (room17). Parking was included as long as you were willing to leave your key and they had no problem letting us keep the car there for an extra 2 hours on day of checkout. The location was ideal; the metro is about a block away (actually had a choice of 2 stations) and within easy walking distance to restaurants (St. Denis Street). We were even able to walk to Old Montreal. We had bought a Montreal Pass for $50 which allowed unlimited use of the Metro or bus, and entrance to most of the museums if used within 3 consecutive days. We loved the metro; easy to get around, clean, frequent trains and it seemed safe.The hotel served a limited continental breakfast (served to you, not buffet) but adequate. Although the menu is in French, most items can be figured out or the waitress does speak English. There are an unbelievable number of restaurants nearby, of course a lot of French ones and they were all good. Our favorite restaurant, however was a Spanish one called Pintxo off of St. Denis. (The pork chops were great.) We definitely would recommend this hotel and would stay here again. We did not miss the amenities of a big chain hotel.	
Aug 20 2008	Great Value	As many have mentioned before, you just cannot beat the value and location this hotel provides. My wife and I stayed here for three nights in mid August, and we had a wonderful time. The metro (subway) is literally across the street, and shopping on St Denis and St Laurent streets are only a couple of blocks away. The metro stop for the most visited part of the city, Old Montreal, is only a ten minute subway ride. We spent hours roaming the neighborhoods and dining in restaurants around the hotel. The room was clean and inexpensive in relation to the national chains in the city. The bathroom was rather large (room 26) and private. The breakfast, usually comprised of muffins or bagels, was good, and parking out back is free. A couple of things to keep in mind though; there is no elevator, which could be a problem for people who have trouble with stairs, and the bed was sagging a bit in the middle. As long as one takes into consideration that this is not a full service hotel, you will be happy with your stay at this establishment.	
Aug 6 2008 	Loved the Chateau L'Argoat	This was a great hotel experience. We stayed for nights in July 2008. The front desk staff was always very friendly and helpful. Free breakfast was tasty and it was a nice touch having it served. The first room we were in was a bit on the small side, however when the airconditoning failed we were immediatley moved to another room which was quite a bit bigger. Both rooms very comfortable with interesting colour schemes. The location is fantastic very close to all of the sights. A short walk to Rue St Denis for many restaurant and shopping choices. I cannot recommend this hotel enough!!	
Aug 4 2008 	Great Little Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights and were very impressed with the size and the cleanliness of the room for the price, the bathroom looked as though it was recently renovated with a large tub and updated fixtures. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly with directions and we were really happy with the free wireless internet and parking, although with the close proximity of the metro our rental car stayed in one spot for the duration of our stay. The one big issue we found was the state of the bed and bedding. The mattress was extremely hard which made for a difficult good night's sleep, the bedding itself also looked a little threadbare and in need of replacement. Overall I would say that our stay was very nice, but would probably stay some place else on our next visit.	
Aug 1 2008 	absolutely fabulous	We stayed at the Chateau de l'Argoat for four nights last month, and I can't begin to describe the value of this hotel. I'll try, though. Upon arrival, we met the ever nice and over helpful Gregore, who directed us to our room - which turned out to be a big room, a smaller one and separate bathroom and toilet rooms. Everything was spotlessly clean. The hotel location is, as said before, right across the street from the metro station, though we discovered that for five people it's actually not more expensive to take a big taxi... The breakfast was simple, but very tasty, and the staff was the friendliest staff i've ever seen, anywhere. Gregore, Gilles, the girl from Quebec city whose name I forgot and everyone else, they were all there whenever we needed something, no matter what, always with a smile and great will to help. We never met the hotel owner, but I would like to congratulate her for picking such a good staff.For summary: unless you're looking for a large, chain-type hotel, you could not be wrong by choosing the Chateau de l'Argoat. We will definitely stay there again, if and when we're in Montral	
Jul 26 2008 	The best place to stay in Montreal	We satyed at the Chateau for 5 nights and it was a great experince. The staff was excelent, always in a very good mood and the service was just perfect. The hotel felt like home. The room (number 26) was very quiet and roomy. The bathroom was very big and there was space for everything. The only problem was the bed, not very comfortable. The location was perfect, just 2 blocks from St. Denis where there are lots of good restaurants and one block from the metro station. Every thing was very good about this hotel and I would really recomend it.	
Jul 25 2008 	Impressive!	Stayed at Chateau de l'Argoat during the Just for Laughs festival and was quite impressed. No, this isn't a five-star property, and the room we stayed in was fairly small with a very hard bed, but it was clean and quiet and the staff really made us feel welcome.The free parking and free continental breakfast were a big plus, and the price was a fraction of what the major commercial hotels were charging.As others have said, the location really makes this hotel a winner. It's a block from the Metro (subway), a block from a major bus station, and within walking distance of dozens of restaurants and shops, including St. Laurent and Ste. Catherine streets.Overall, this place is a real winner. Book it before others do!	
Jul 20 2008 	My Hotel of Choice in Montreal	The L'Argoat is a small modest hotel near the Latin Quarter in Montreal. It is near Sherbrooke and St. Denis - not far from the University of Quebec at Montreal (UQAM). It is walking distance from the local bus depot (good for getting to and from the airport) and two blocks from the nearest subway station.I discovered L'Argoat a few years ago while staying across the street at a larger more commercial hotel that has changed names many times since then (usually a chain like Shearton or something like that). The L'Argoat has 25 rooms, but it feels much smaller. There is always a continental breakfast every morning with juice, fruit, rolls and beverages. (I buy my own cereal and yogurt and keep it in the fridge in the small kitchen.)There is no elevator, so I have never stayed higher than the 2nd floor. The rooms are clean and, depending on the one you take, adequate for a few nights stay (I always look into other rooms in hotels when they are being cleaned). I like the back because it is quieter than the front rooms that face the street. The staff has always been friendly and bi-lingual during my two stays there. I believe there is also guest parking, but since Montreal is so maneurable by public transportation, I have only rented a car there once, when I stayed with friends who were not centrally located. There is a lounge with a free computer for accessing the Internet and machines for snacks and beverages. There are many restaurants on St. Denis and on other side street nearby. I am a 68-year-old retired bachelor. I'm a bit fussy. But I would recommend this hotel to anyone who does not mind walking up stairs (if you take a room on a higher floor) and whose needs are simple. My rooms have all had TV, air conditioner, desk with phone and bathroom with tub and shower combination. And the hotel has wonderful ambiance.	
Jul 11 2008 	Book this one now!!!	Best location in Montreal...away from downtown, across the street from the metro, and within walking distance of bustling St. Denis, many eateries, parks, boutiques, etc. Leave your car in their free lot and take the metro anywhere you want to go in Montreal. Lovely, super clean small European style hotel with the graciousness of any 4 star accomodation! Gilles and Fanny (front desk staff)...you rock!!! They allowed us to leave water bottles in their refrigerator and even loaned us umbrellas on a rainy day. Free internet access is so convenient and there is a very cute dining area that looks like a Parisienne cafe where you will be served continental breakfast. Our room was so quiet...I hadn't slept that well in a long time. Don't hesitate...book this gem now!!!	
Jul 8 2008 	Charming and a bargain	Came to town for Jazzfest and stayed a wonderful 3 nights at Chateau l'Argoat with our 2 year old son. Staff were quite friendly and helpful (even though we speak about 4 words of French among the 3 of us, we never felt like that was an issue). Our room, in the rear of the hotel, was very comfortable, light and quiet, had a comfortable bed, and was by far the cleanest hotel room I've ever experienced. We loved the atmosphere--the whole building has great character and was obviously decorated by someone with an excellent eye for color--a welcome change from the featureless chain hotel or the excessively cutesy inn. We also loved the locally made soaps, and appreciated the full-bodied black tea in the breakfast room (a nice, light breakfast is included). Free parking is also a major plus--yes, the hotel keeps your keys, but it was never a problem to get them back when we needed them. Overall, we felt it was an excellent value, especially for a place so centrally located... we enjoyed our stay and look forward to our return!	
Jun 19 2008 	Good location for getting around	This property is situated about 200 yards from Sherbrooke Metro (underground train) station, which means you can get anywhere in Montreal easily. Get a 3 day tourist pass for about £8. Rue St Denis is just around the corner, which offers plenty of restaurants and a great bar for beers, 3 Brasseurs, who brew their own beers. Get a pitcher for good value.The room was a decent size overlooking the car park at the rear so not a very good view but that didn't bother us. The room was definitely tired. The carpet was grubby and due for replacement. The areas that should be sealed in the bathroom had tile grout instead and this had all cracked with some being non-existent. The whole bedroom could do with refreshing but the bed was comfortable. The air-conditioning was effective but too noisy to leave on at bedtime.English TV channels were limited but then the room is just a base really.Although this is a non-smoking hotel on a couple of occasions we noticed the smell of cigarettes in the hallway whilst going up to our room. And worse still the unmistakable smell of cannabis also on a couple of occasions. Thankfully we couldn't smell anything when we entered our room as the doors are solid, also preventing hallway noise from being heard whilst inside.Breakfast is included but will only keep you going for a couple of hours as it comprised of items such as muffins, 3 miniature crossants or chocolate au pain. You get to choose just one though but you can also get a piece of fruit as well. That said the muffins were very tasty, particularly the blueberry and maple ones. They microwave the muffins so I asked for one cold. It was cold alright as it must have come straight out of the fridge, hence the microwaving.The staff were friendly and helpful and were happy to speak english.Unless I knew that I was getting a renovated room I wouldn't use this hotel again but can higlhy recommend its location.	
May 28 2008 	A Nice Place to Stay	I had a very good experience at Chateau de l'Argoat. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was very clean. It was not fancy in any way. It had an old tube TV. Basic cable. No pay per view movies. There was free WiFi in the room with a very strong, fast connection. My room had a small bathroom, and two double beds. There was one nice big window overlooking Rue Sherbrooke -- I did not notice any street noise. The bed was comfortable. There is free parking around back. It is a very small lot, but it also seems very safe. They let me park my car there until 5:30 on the day that I checked out ... which was really fantastic. They serve a light breakfast, which looked good ... even though I didn't have time to sit down and eat it. Overall, this hotel is a great value. Clean, friendly and much more personal than the big chain hotels. I hope to stay here again sometime.	
May 21 2008 	Fabulous and affordable	We spent a weekend here on a vacation last summer and found this splendid hotel that occupies an old and unpretentious building at the edge of the Latin Quarter. Our rates were under 100 per night for a nice room with a street view. The rooms were clean and tidy. We really enjoyed the morning breakfast, and the staff there are so friendly, we will definitely go back when we're in Montreal next!	
May 12 2008 	Very good stay	My daughter (20) and I spent one night at the Chateau de l'Argoat on May 8th and both enjoyed our stay. Warm welcome, large and comfortable room. We had a 2-double-bed bedroom facing the backyard with standard bathroom. The size of the bathroom is the only downside I've found. Very small! However, plenty of hot water (showerhead was not working very effectively...) and very clean bathroom and towels. The morning receptionist (I forgot to ask him his name, but I thank him again) was very nice and accepted to keep our car in the hotel parking until 3:00 p.m. at no charge. This allowed us to go shopping on St. Denis Street without being forced to find a pay parking or to run to a parking meter every 2 hours. Greatly appreciated!	
May 8 2008	Quite a good hotel with a few annoying features	We stayed at the hotel with my girl friend during our holiday. Mostly the hotel was quite good, but it had a few annoying features. You seem to get better service if you speak French. We came to this conclusion partly because I speak French whereas my girl friend doesn't and she spoke in English. We didn't like being woken up every morning by the maid speaking in a loud voice and vacuum cleaning behind our door. The breakfast was good enough, but a bit difficult because you have to order (from a menu in French) every slice of bread and every glass of juice separately. Maybe some people like that, I don't know. We also didn't find any newspapers in English at the hotel, all were in French.Nothing to complain about the room, it was good while not exceptional. The location is good next to the subway station.	
May 8 2008 	Great Value 	Based on other reviews this was the only hotel I wanted to stay at when we planned our trip to Montreal - and I wasn't dissapointed! The hotel itself is in a very convenient location (metro stop across the street, tons of resto's and shops nearby), it was very clean, the staff were very helpful (especially since our French is extremely limited), and the breakfasts were good. We requested a quiet room on the non-smoking floor (#35), and it was very nice and bright with a HUGE whirlpool bathtub. It was mostly quiet - one night there was a little party going on down the street (final Canadiens playoff game), so we closed the window and turned on the a/c and we couldn't hear anything. My only dissapointment was with the bed - it definitely sagged in the middle a bit, so it wasn't as comfortable as it could have been. The breakfast room is indeed on the small side (although I loved the posters for all the local shows/exhibitions/etc. on the wall) - but you can call down to have a tray put together for you that you can enjoy in your room, and that worked out brilliantly. The pain au chocolate as great, and the muple muffins were delicious! All in all, I highly recommend this place!	
May 6 2008 	Good price and clean	I stayed here for 8 days in April. The hotel was very clean and my room, although meant to be a 'small room' was actually really big which was impressive. It had European charm which is what I was looking for.The price was excellent although my bed and pillows were very hard and uncomfortable which made the jetlag recovery a little more difficult. I too found the maid vacuuming outside my room every morning a little annoying but the staff were friendly and it was reasonably close to everything.As I was travelling on my own I would have preferred a better concerige type service. I did ask about tours etc but didn't find them much help to be honest, not compared to the other hotels I stayed at in other parts of Quebec. I think part of the issue was that I only speak basic french.I would recommend the hotel for anyone looking for a reasonably priced hotel perhaps travelling in a group or with a set itinary.There is no restaurant or bar in the hotel which would have been a bonus but Rue St Denis is only two blocks away so it is fairly close.	
Apr 11 2008 	A nice little hotel	I booked this room via the hotel's internet site with no trouble at all, and chose it based on the reviews on Trip Advisor.Overall, I really liked the hotel. It was in a very convenient area, directly across the street from the Sherbrooke metro station, and a short walk from Berri-Uqam. It is also a short walk from the Village area of Ste. Catherine's Street, which can be a bit dicey if you're not expecting to be there, as we were!They offer a continental breakfast and the service of the breakfast was very quick and efficient. The staff were all very conscientious and polite. The dining room was small, but there was usually room enough for everyone who wanted to eat. There were lovely posters in the dining room advertising events around Montreal.We stayed in Room #4. I was surprised each day when I opened the door to realize that it smelled like pickles! It wasn't unpleasant, but it was unusual. This room has two double beds, each in separate rooms, and both beds were extremely hard. We stayed for a week, and the hardness of the beds took a bit of getting used to. The beds were made up with blankets and light quilts, which were nice.The bathroom was new and tiled to within an inch of its life. It was kept very clean and well-stocked with towels, and other necessities. A nice touch was the q-tips and make-up pads in the bathroom vanity.Overall, I would recommend this hotel and would likely stay again. However, I would want to ensure that the room I booked had softer beds!	
Apr 6 2008	A lovely little spot not fancy but nice	My son and I had a little trip to Montreal over spring break and we were overall very pleased with this hotel. All the staff were extremely pleasant and helpful. Our room was on the main floor and was perfect since it had two connecting rooms. The breakfast was adequate, and the muffins were definitely the best of the offerings. The beds were a trifle hard, though my son liked that. We did have some confusion with directions, and they told us that the L'Express restaurant was walkable -- which it was technically, but not so much fun in 20 degrees and a stiff wind. One thing about Montreal that shocked me was how few of the sidewalks were shoveled despite the fact that they have had one of the snowiest winters on record. The sidewalk outside the hotel was nicely shoveled, but everything else was worth your life. We frequently walked in the street and were not surprised to see lots of people on crutches! Overall, a very nice place to stay at a nice price.	
Mar 28 2008 	a wonderful place in a great location	This is such a gem and really a bargain, too. It is a wonderful old building -- must have been a grand house. We stayed in rm. 7 which is a two bedroom suite. Gorgeous wood panelling all around. The bed in the back room was somewhat uncomfortable and we had a little trouble adjusting the heat -- really the only complaints we had -- minor. There is a certain funky ambience but in a good way -- seems very European. It was clean and very quiet. The staff was extremely friendly and spoke perfect English but were willing to let me try out my French as well. The parking lot out back is small so they have to take your car keys so that they can move cars around for people to get out but they are very good about it. The breakfast was good -- croissants, pain au chocolat, etc. The surrounding area is lots of fun -- turn LEFT out the front door to get to the fun restaurants and shops. There is a metro station across the street and a bank down the block. If you crave a perfectly standard, upscale hotel room book across the street at the Doubletree but if you want something with charm and character that really makes you feel like you are traveling stay at Chateau de l'Argoat (pronounce the o and the a separately oh-ah)	
Mar 28 2008 	Great Stay	Great hotel. Wonderful location; not far from old montreal or downtown (we walked there everyday), right across the street from the metro, and a very short walk to rue st. denis and the main for plenty of restaurants and shopping. The rooms were cozy, we stayed in a room with a Queen bed and a double whirlpool tub ($120/night). The staff was very friendly, and the room very clean. I highly recommend anyone to stay here.	
Mar 24 2008 	Interesting hotel	We chose to book Room 26 as the quietest room in the house, and we weren't disappointed.The room was clean and spacious, although it smelled slightly of stale smoke. The bathroom was also large and had everything we needed.You will need to be fit enough to use several flights of stairs if you want this room since there is no lift. Although we didn't need to ask, I am sure the staff would be happy to help with bags if necessary.Breakfast is served in a small dining room and comprised toast, or a muffin or a bagel, with fruit and coffee/tea etc. You can also use the shared fridge etc.There is a PC in the guest lounge for anyone to use.Parking is free of charge but limited so be prepared to leave your keys as the staff move cars around to let everyone in and out as necessary.The hotel is very close to Sherbrooke Metro stop with easy connections to everywhere in Montreal. It is also an easy walk to lots of places to eat (of varying quality and price).The staff are all very friendly, and speak both English and French. Our car was ready for us to leave extremely early on our final day and breakfast was supplied 'to go'.	
Feb 3 2008 	Great little hotel - excellent value for the money!	This hotel is very well located, across the street from the Sherbrooke subway station on the orange metro line and a short walk from the Berri metro station on the green line. You can easily walk to Old Montreal from here, but if you have stamina and enjoy walking, you can pretty much get to all of the major sites on foot from this location. What I really liked also about this place was the staff, whom I would describe as friendly and very accommodating.In the room rate, you get free parking, a decent continental breakfast (served from 7 AM until noon every day!), free wireless Internet for those travelling with a laptop as well as free local calls.The rooms themselves are OK, bathrooms are small and dated but kept clean - the same goes for towels and bedding, and the fresh scent of the linen more than makes up for its age! I booked my room directly from the hotel website - at the time, their site did not differentiate between smoking and non-smoking rooms, so until they update their website, it might be a good idea to call the hotel directly to enquire before booking a room.Please also note that the hotel has recently started renovating - the first floor, where my room was located, was being redone when I stayed. Since I was there on a Saturday night, there was no actual work going on at the time; still, the management upgraded me to a larger room to make up a bit for the poor appearance of the hallway.A very nice stay indeed - highly recommended for the price!	
Nov 27 2007 	Great Price Great Location Euro Style Hotel	Was very impressed with this place. The rooms were quite small, but clean and cozy. The location was great for dining over on rue St. Denis (Check out Chez Laurent-- very good fish). Parking lot was small but I had a compact car so no problem. The price-- man, for a little over 100 bucks you can't go wrong!They do alot of their paperwork with real paper (including index cards and an old fashioned credit card embosser) and naturally they lost my reservation, but still, they got me another room with courteous service. Crossaints in the morning for breakfast was a welcome treat, as was the tasty pot of coffee kept continuously filled.Overall I would highly recommend this place-- even to a business traveller who wants somethign a little more interesting than the average Marriott of Doubletree trappings.	
Oct 30 2007 	Delightful boutique hotel	After much research, I settled on this hotel for our 5-day getaway to Montreal. We didn't arrive until midnight, but we were welcomed very warmly and given Room 11. It was a bit cozy, but the room was exceptionally clean. This room faced Sherbrooke, so there was a good bit of road noise. As a result, we asked for a quieter room the next day and were given Room 26. What a difference! This is said to be the quietest in the hotel, and it definitely was. It is also very spacious, with a very large bathroom. Again, everything was very clean. The kicker for us was the memory foam mattress on the queen bed--heavenly! My husband and I are normally early risers, but we found ourselves sleeping about 10 hours a day, every day! The mattress was that comfortable. Of course, we spent a lot of time walking every day, so I guess we needed the rest. The staff was kind enough to loan us umbrellas on the 3rd day when the weather turned from gloriously sunny and warm to a rather chilly, rainy day. I must also mention the yummy continental breakfast, with really good coffee, fresh baked muffins and croissants, including pan au chocolat, as well as fresh fruit and OJ. The dining room attendant was very friendly and helpful. This hotel is across the street from the Doubletree, so you can easily grab a taxi if you want, but the Metro station is right there and it really is the best way to get around. The bus station is just 2 blocks away if you want to catch the Aerobus to the airport. In summary, a great hotel with great staff and a great location--what's not to like?	
Oct 14 2007 	European charm with lots of value	I had a really nice stay here, and thought it was a wonderful value with free breakfast, free parking, and free internet. It is a small European style hotel in a charming refurbished set of adjacent rowhomes. The room was not large but certainly a comfortable size with pretty French style decor and a comfy leather sofa. The bed was a little bit saggy but it had a down feather bed and plenty of comfy pillows. I am picky about bathrooms, and I adored this one because it was so roomy and spotlessly clean with modern fixtures, a shower stall, and a whirlpool tub. My only quibble would be a slight musty odor coming from around the dresser area, but the rest of the room and the bedding did not have this odor. The TV had a full complement of cable stations in both languages, and the best part was that this room was really quiet (try to get one facing away from the street). You could sleep really well there.The staff were very helpful and relaxed in a good way. Feel free to ask them for maps and advice. The continental breakfast was wonderful, with fresh squeezed orange juice and a nice selection of pastries which they serve warmed to order. I suggest the huge and delicious maple muffin. The location was easy to drive to, and although initially it seemed kind of out of the way from the conventional downtown area where most hotels are, it turns out this location is even better because of its proximity to the best, hippest neighborhood in Montreal, the Plateau which just a short walk away north on St. Denis. You can also go south on St. Denis into the Latin Quarter which is like the St Marks Place of Montreal. If you keep going south it gets a little seedier into their Red Light District but it still feels quite safe. The Sherbrooke metro obviously also is just a block away and connects easily to everything. You are just a few stops away from the lovely Old Montreal district and Chinatown, and if you can visit the heart of the Plateau by going one stop to Mont-Royal. You can transfer at Berri-Uqam to the green line and visit the rest of downtown Montreal and the McGill/Saint Catherine area for mainstream shopping and museums (the nice Montreal Fine Arts museum is free this fall!) You can get a tourist day or 3 day pass for the metro.All in all, this is a great place to stay in Montreal, with the personal quiet feel of a B and B but the amenities of a hotel. Montreal is a mellow but posh city with awesome food and a unique vibe. You get the French culture without the attitude which is great, and everyone easily goes bilingual there. It's too bad that the US dollar is weaker than the Canadian one right now so its not quite the bargain it once was, but its still a great place to visit.	
Oct 14 2007 	Fantastic small hotel great location	The Chateau de l'Argoat is located next to some really funky parts of Montreal, Rue St.Denis and the Plateau. There's some lovely shops nearby and some nice restaurants and bars. It's also really well located for public transport - Sherbrooke metro.But of the hotel itself... it's relatively small which adds a certain charm to the place. Our room was large, with a nice bathroom, two bedrooms with decent, comfortable beds. The breakfast was very good and plentiful - with friendly service. The reception was very good and friendly on arrival and throughout the stay (and with us not speaking French too...) I also liked the lounge/internet room - had quite a hostel feel (in a friendly, good way), and meant I could research the next hotel, and what to do there easily, and for free.There were four of us staying in the hotel, and we had a lovely stay and would strongly recommend it to others. If you do stay there, we hope you enjoy it as much as we did.	
Oct 12 2007 	Friendly staff	The owners were very kind and helpful during our stay. The room was cosy and clean. And the bathtub was a great treat after a whole day walking through the city.It is very well located, near several restaurants, shops and public transportation (the subway station is just across the street).The only problem was with the wi-fi internet conection, that just did not work at all in our room (no. 31). It worked well in the breakfast room, though. And, in the end, it was nice to seat there to use my laptop, have a cup of coffee and chat with other guests.	
Oct 4 2007 	Great place close to everything	Chateau de l'Argoat was a wonderful place for my wife and I on our honeymoon. Some of the highlights.1. Friendly staff. We put our cake in the fridge, as well as some cheese we bought at the local grocery store. Anything we wanted they were able to help with. Mornings we were greeted by smiling breakfast staff. Everyone is bilingual here, so don't worry if your French is weak. If you need something just ask, they never said no to my requests.2. Location. The hotel is steps from the Sherbrooke metro stop as well as bus lines. We were also within 5-10 minutes of highly rated restaurants like L'express and Au Pied de Cochon. The Latin quarter is also right next door. We walked at night and the area is lively even at 11pm at night, felt completely safe.3. Room. We had room 6, which was on the first floor. Bright green walls, hardwood floors and a nice big jacuzzi bath with shower. The bed and sheets were nice, pillows maybe a bit flat but thats a persons preference. We slept very nicely. Also, wireless internet is available, or a hotel computer which is wired can be had by all guests.4. Not really a negative, but when you park (which is free) you give your keys to the front desk and they move your car as needed for other guests to get in or out. We didn't need our car while we were here but if you plan on taking yours out let the front desk know so you can the correct parking spot	
Sep 18 2007 	Great location (about 50 steps from Metro stop) great place	I'm glad to see Chateau L'Argoat is rising up in the rankings in Montreal. It's a great place to stay - clean and with a terrific concierge service that helped us out to find different restaurants and the best way to get to the Science Centre. We were there to see the Body Worlds 2 exhibition. They also recommended a great Polish restaurant in Old Montreal, where we really hung around on this vacation - the restaurant was called Stash (similar pronunciation to 'marsh'). They have an internet-ready computer that's helpful to find things to do and it's just a terrific place to stay overall.	
Sep 17 2007 	A1	I've stayed there for a week-end whit my husband and we had such a great time. Everyone at the hotel was so NICE, we felt that they really cared about us and really wanted us to be comfortable.The room was clean, big enough for two people and quiet.The breakfest was good, they even have someone doing the service for us.It's free to park your car.Close to the subway and the Quartier Latin. We took a nice walk sunday morning; Sherbrooke, St-Denis, Ste-Catherine...They really did everything they could to make our stay in Montreal easier. It's a really warm place and when I'll go back to Montreal I'll definetly stay there. I won't even look somewhere else.With such good prices, we had more than we pay for.	
Sep 15 2007 	First rate establishment	If there were a grade between &quot;above average&quot; and &quot;excellent&quot; on this website, this hotel would deserve it; I would give it a 4.5 or 4.6. The rooms were clean and tidy and the staff was friendly (nobody laughed at my Yankee French :-)) and helpful. When I was there the guests seemed to consist mostly of Francophone people from Quebec; the locals seem be able to detect a good place when they see one.	
Sep 11 2007 	A Fine Establishment	Like many others, my wife and I stayed at the Chateau de l'Argoat based on the reviews on Trip Advisor. The hotel is in a fantastic location, making it easy to enjoy the fine eating establishments on St. Denis, Duluth, and Rachel. The free parking, free internet service (WiFi for those with laptops but there's a computer on site for public use and it's free of charge), and complimentary continental breakfast are also added benefits.The room itself was quite nice with art nouveau decor. The mattress, however, could have used replacing and the bathroom could use some touch ups.The staff was friendly and attended to our needs. Denis, in particular, was very animated and helpful.Overall, an excellent stay.	
Aug 19 2007 	Probably one of the best in Montreal	First off, I want to say that the staff was absolutely wonderful. Every day they greeted us with smiles and asking how we were doing. Breakfast was just enough although we could have probably had a few more choices. The location of the hotel is perfect. Just a few blocks from the most busy streets of Saint-Denis and St Laurent. We went on those streets for dinner almost every night. More importantly, however, the hotel is just across the street from the Metro station which I would highly recommend for traveling within the city. This was a wonderful experience!	
Aug 15 2007 	Great little hotel overflowing with hospitality	My wife and just spent (August 3rd through August 12th) 10 nights in one of the Argoat's most reasonably priced smaller rooms (C$105/night + taxes). The stay was in conjuction with the full Rogers Cup tennis tournament and we are seasoned (old) American travelers who had never been to Montreal before, arriving by car.We found the stay memorable: an impeccably clean room; fully functioning free wireless service in room, local phone calls; free 800 calls to the States; copious and delicious continental breakfast; no hassle free parking (staff moves cars around crowded rear parking on their own); across the street from the Sherbrooke Metro entrance; walking distance to major restaurants on St. Denis and St. Laurent, and above all, the kindest, most helpful staff you can imagine, constantly ready to go that extra mile in researching a restaurant or helping us with our itinerary plans.Bonne continuation a tout le monde qui travaille au sein d'un si merveilleux petit hotel!	
Aug 6 2007 	A terrific experience what a great value!	I stayed in this terrific hotel in early August. I was very pleasantly surprised due to the quality and overall value of this hotel. The Chateau De L'Argoat has a very European character, all the rooms are well-decorated and very unique. The customer service is outstanding. All the staff members were above and beyond to make my experience as enjoyable as possible. The location of the hotel is wonderful. The hotel also offered a very good continental breakfast. They offered chocolate croissants, croissants, bagels, toasts, fruits, juice, coffee, etc. When I slept in, they even put food for me on the side and kept it fresh in case I wanted to eat.This excellent hotel is within walking distance to Old Montreal, Latin Quarter, Mount Royal, Saint Catherine Street, Saint Laurent Street, and all the restaurants on Duluth and Prince Arthur Street. The hotel has free and safe parking for your car. They also offer complimentary wireless internet access in the rooms and a computer with internet access by the dinning room. My room was very ample with a queen size bed and a large bathroom. it was located on the 3rd floor towards the back of the hotel. It was also immaculate, the lady that cleaned my room kept my room very very clean. I never saw a cleaning crew so dedicated and hard-working! My room and my friend's room were perfectly cleaned everyday. They do not have refrigerators available for the rooms, yet they gladly allowed me to keep ice and drinks in the hotel's refrigerator. They can also get you a bucket with ice and wine glasses upon your request.I strongly recommend this hotel, and I cannot wait to go back. I thank all the staff members of this cozy and lovely hotel for enhancing my wonderful stay in the joy and most amazing city of Canada: Beautiful Montreal &quot;joie de vivre&quot; !!!!	
Jul 27 2007 	Good Location and near Subway	I stayed for 2 nights in Montreal and booked that Hotelbecause of the reviews where made...I had a room with 2 Queen sized beds.I have to say, that I was quite surprised.First, the room is way above average for a normal Hotel.Also, it is like in the style of an old Montreal Townhouse/Mansion...The room was in a very good shape and clean.The Bathroom was great, double the size than of a 4 Star Hotel...(they are usually small)That room we had had actually 2 seperate rooms (so it can be closed by a door) (PS. Good for 2 guys looking for Chicks for a night hehe)A little negative point was that in the 2nd room were the stairs above but I think normal people with a good common sense do not have problems with that :)So I would say if you go you get your Value and Enjoyment therePS. The Staff is also quite helpful in matters of giving you a Map etc... (If needed)	
Jul 19 2007 	Great for the Price	My wife and I stayed there in mid-July for a few days. Very nice accomodations, although they did not blow you away either. Good charming rooms with an old fashion flair. Not many 'extras' like an iron or fridge -but as they say they want to keep their prices low and that is how they do it. Knowing that it was a great stay. I loved their breakfast -they had a continental breakfast with service -- the croissants were nice and hot as were there muffins. The service overall was fantastic, everyone was very helpful and with a smile. My favorite was the guy with the swirly mustache - he was awesome. He helped us with restaurants, sites, and a good place to change money. Location was good as well. A 15/20 minute walk from the heart of downtown or a two or three stop metro to Old Montreal. The metro stop is literally across the street. Plus the bustling St. Denis St. is around the corner. Only con was our room was right by the breakfast room, so we did hear some noise but it wasn't enough to make it a bad stay. Basically if you want to get away from the chain feel and want something with charm this is the place to be and the price is right.	
Jul 10 2007	We keep coming back year after year	I've been coming here since around 1990 (17 years) and there's a reason for it, and our most recent visit (5 days for the Jazzfest around July 4th) was no different. I came here alone when I was single, my husband and I stayed here together and we recently went with our toddler, and our experience has always been good there. I will say, it's less a family oriented hotel (that is, less oriented toward small children) than some hotels, e.g., there's no elevator and it's got a quiet elegant European feel (not stuffy, just nice and relatively quiet - so the reason I say it's less family oriented is a compliment to the hotel, and one reason my husband and I loved coming here as a couple, it's fairly romantic), but the staff was wonderfully helpful (set up a portable crib and we didn't even ask for one, had driven up with our own), helped us find a babysitter for one night out (she was lovely and very competent) and patient with our sometimes-loud toddler. Given the US-Cnd exchange rate now the price for some of the rooms is less of a bargain, but that's a Canada-wide problem, not specific to this hotel. Overall, my experience at this hotel has been consistently good for many years, including last week.	
Jul 9 2007 	Chateau de l'Argoat is a winner	My first visit here, although my fiancee has stayed at this property 7 times prior. Very clean rooms, very helpful staff. Close to Metro. Walking to attractions, restaurants not a problem. Ask for a room in the back if you think traffic noises would be a problem (we had one in the back and it was very quiet). I'll stay there again on my next visit.	
Jul 9 2007 	It brings a smile to my face	For the first time ever during my travels have I experienced such wonderful hospitality during a hotel stay. The entire staff was consistently helpful, pleasant, and extremely knowledgeable of the area. The property is immaculate - it would pass a white gloves test; didn't see or feel a speck of dust anywhere. We stayed in room 15 - great room with a huge, sunny bathroom and an extra room with a daybed. Our mornings couldn't have began any brighter in the cozy breakfast area where you can choose from an assortment of fresh pastries, teas, coffee, and juice. We only stayed three days, but would love to visit Montreal again and will most definitely stay at the Chateau de l'Argoat!P.S. The Latin quarter is just a block away and for a great deal on a late breakfast, lunch or just a snack, try the Cafe Expresso on the corner of St. Denis and Ontario.	
Jul 5 2007 	Great Stay - loved it!	We had an excellent experience at this hotel! The staff is so helpful, and the hotel and rooms are clean. It's also a great value! Highly recommended!	
Jul 5 2007 	Chateau De L'Argoat....What A Great Find!	Stayed here for a wonderful long weekend and could have not been more impressed. room was spacious and clean....nice to feel &quot;at home&quot; instead of in that sterile hotel atmosphere. staff were amazing....very hospitable and friendly. the location is about as central to everything as you can get....we walked everywhere....but if you need, the metro is right across the street.. tons of restaurants, clubs and shopping nearby on St.Laurent and St. Denis. We will definitely be returning to the Chateau de L'Arogoat the next time we are in Montreal... and will be spreading the word about this fantastic place.	
Jul 2 2007	Absolutely Charming	This hotel is absolutely charming and gives you a lovely and warm european feel. The rooms are small but nicely decorated to the match this charming hotel. Had room #31 with the hot tub, it was very nice. The hotel is quiet and conveniently located to many nice restaurants on St. Denis and St. laurent.The bistro style room where they have continental breakfast is so nice.Staff very accomodating.	
Jun 21 2007 	What a cute hotel!	This was my first time using trip advisor as a reference. I chose this hotel because it was the least expensive, highest rated hotel. My boyfriend and I had room 31. It had a large bath/whirlpool and a separate shower. The room seemed old, but that just added to its charm. The bed was very comfortable and they provided local lavender bar soap as well as unlabbed but nice smelling liquid soaps. The man at the counter was polite enough and when we walked in with a bottle of wine he offered us wine glasses and a cork screw. The bed was verysoft and comfortable. They also offer free internet near the lobby.In the morning we sat down for breakfast and they brought out warm bagels (delicious!) and warm croissants. We were right across the street from the sherbrooke metro and bought a museum pass as well as a metro pass for 3 days for a total of $45 each. The chateau is only 2 blocks from St Denis street and about 4 blocks from St Laurant street....both are lively streets with lots of restaurants and bars. I would highly recommend this hotel, the staff really try their best to please their customers!	
Jun 12 2007 	Best value in town	Stayed at Chateau L'Argoat for the F1 Grand prix weekend on Jun 6-8, 2007 when any Hotel room is hard to come by and the rates go way up (the Days Inn was looking for $300/night!). This place is an outstanding value with good quality clean rooms and great bathrooms. Breakfast and friendly service included for just $120/night. This place is a find!!..	
May 30 2007	Made for a perfect stay in Montreal	We were really pleased that we booked this hotel. Our twin room was spacious and elegantly decorated. The bathroom was spotless, and the whirlpool bath was a nice treat after a long day's sight-seeing!The friendly staff and free internet use were major plus points.Breakfast was of the light continental variety. You choose from muffin/pain au chocolat/croissant/toast and help yourself to tea/coffee and fresh fruit.One thing for people with heavy luggage to bear in mind is that there is no lift.	
Apr 22 2007 	Great Place!	We were traveling with a baby and wondered how we would fare. As it turned out, we could not have chosen a better place! I requested a room off the back and we were given a nice room with a little side room for the baby. The staff were the nicest I've ever dealt with at any hotel. They absolutely went out of their way to make us at home, and loved the baby. They have a little kitchen there and offered that we could use the refrigerator for baby supplies. Staff restaurant recommendations were excellent as well. They even offered to have someone have coffee ready for us the day we were leaving and had to be out by 5:00 am.You can hardly get any closer to the center of Montreal than the Chateau de l'Argoat. It's a quick drive to Vieux Montreal if you want, or the Sherbrooke Metro stop is right across the street and you can get nearly anywhere from there.We'll definitely stay there the next time we're in Montreal.	
Apr 11 2007	Pleasant	This hotel is located in a very happening part of Montreal for all to enjoy. Rue St. Denis is only a block away which has plenty for anyone to do and St. Laruante is about a 5 minute walk. The location of this hotel was great. The service was very good. The continental breakfest consisted of a bagel and coffee(can't anyone ever be a little more generous). Some of the rooms might have a slight oder, but nothing to raunchy. It is also across from the orange metro stop.	
Feb 27 2007	A gem! Dont stay anywhere else!	I did all of my research for accommodation on Trip Advisor, and I was not disappointed. I stayed at Chateau de l'Argoat for 5 nights from the 2nd to the 7th of February. I couldn't have asked for a better place to stay. It was very clean, with rooms serviced daily. I never had one problem in my time there. The owners and their staff were very very helpful with directions, information, even letting me use the fridge when I needed to. The complimentary breakfast in the mornings had choices of bagels, muffins, croissants and the especially delightful pains au chocolat! The internet access is free also (I never had to wait to use it) which is a big plus.I highly recommend this place to anybody, it is a perfect base for visitors to Montreal. The convenience of having the Sherbrooke Metro station literally across the road is a big big plus.Thanks Chateau de l'Argoat, you made my time in Montreal all the more enjoyable! I will be back soon.	
Jan 5 2007 	Loved it!!	I loved everything about this hotel! From the moment we walked in the staff was so nice and helpful. They even gave my a box of of fancy lotions and soaps as a &quot;holiday present&quot; since our stay was right after Christmas.The location can't be beat. There are tons of restaurants and cafes in the area for all tastes. Many attractions are in walking distance or only a stop or two away on the subway which is only a couple of blocks from the hotel.The breakfast is really just a quick bite....tea or coffee and a choice of bread. I have to say though, those maple muffins they have are delicious and they even heat them up!I usually like to try new hotels when I return to places, but I liked this place so much I doubt I would even bother looking elsewhere on my next visit to Montreal.	
Dec 31 2006 	Charming and Affordable	Nice, clean, comfortable rooms in a great location. The hotel has a friendly and informative staff, and it's located near a subway stop. Plus some great restaurants and shopping are nearby! We loved the chocolate croissants in the morning, too.	
Dec 14 2006 	it IS very good!	Yes, our room was small and had a tiny bath. But that is as hard as our criticism will get. The Chateau Argoat is in a prime location, has very friendly, helpful and well informed staff, we were given a clean, cozy and well maintained room with two comfortable beds, and had free parking plus a well above average continental breakfast included in our  thinking of other North American cities  surprisingly decent if not low rate. Its a place that made us feel good in a large city unknown to us. What better a starting point can you ask for? We loved it there and would (and hopefully will) return there any time. Highly recommended!	
Oct 21 2006 	Really Enjoyed this Place!	We spent 3 nights at the Chateau L'Argoat in September.Our room was quaint yet spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was large and the bedroom was clean. The breakfast of muffins, chocolate croissants and coffee was good. The hotel also offers free internet access which we took full advantage of. The hotel is in a good location - only a 5 minute walk to the Metro station and minutes from nice bars and restaurants in the Latin Quarter and The Village. We really enjoyed our stay at the Chateau L'Argoat and would stay here again if we returned to Montreal.	
Oct 18 2006 	Good value	We stayed at Chateau de l'Argoat for 4 nights during a recent vacation in Montreal. Our room was quite basic and a little run down, but very clean and everything in working order. We found the staff to be uniformly pleasant and helpful, and enjoyed the convenient location - it's very close to the bus station where the airporter drops you, is about half a block from a metro station, and within easy walking distance to nice shops and restaurants on St. Denis and St. Laurent. We also appreciated the internet access and coffee/juice/pastry in the morning. Overall, a perfectly pleasant place to stay for the price.	
Sep 30 2006	Wouldn't stay anywhere else!	I've stayed there every year for my 5 day vacation in June for a decade or more! I love it! Now has free internet terminal in the lobby.	
Sep 26 2006	Horrible!	This hotel stunk - not even worth writing about it. Old and dirty and very unfriendly staff. With so many other beautiful hotels in Montreal, stay there!	
Sep 22 2006 	quite comfotable for the price	the hotel offers a high level of convenience. it is located just 1-2 minutes walk from the Sherbrooke metro station. the &quot;free&quot; parking behind the hotel saved me some bucks. the room was fairly decent and neatly kept, even though it looked much better on the hotel's web site (beware, don't expect too much after watching the pictures on the web). i liked the jagguzi (worth paying extra for it).i highly recommend this hotel for business travelers and budget tourists (especially if you are driving). if you want something really romantic you should consider somewhere else and pay more. for us, the hotel was more than good enough.	
Sep 12 2006 	Friendly simple and comfortable	The hotel is a good cross between a B&amp;B and a hotel. I stayed in room 14, which is one of the more basic rooms ideal for one person or a couple on a budget. The room was very comfortable, with a solid matress, brightly painted walls and interesting artwork. A mirrored closet and chest of drawers provided ample space for clothes and a place to hide cases etc.The room has a seating area with coffee table and lamp for reading, a writing desk with phone (free local calls) and free Wi-Fi internet access, and a good size TV with cable. This room also came with remote controlled air conditioning.The bathroom was rather small (half-bath) but very clean and fresh - more than adequate for a short stay. There is housekeeping daily.The small but well kept breakfast room is decorated with posters from past Montreal events. The breakfast is continental with the usual croissants, pain au chocolat, bagels etc. Tea and coffee is available, along with juices and herbal teas (there is also an all-day coffee machine). The waitress was always extremely friendly and helpful, and the service was fantastic. There is a lounge next door to the breakfast room where you can read a paper or use the hotel's computer if you have no laptop.Everyone from the people on the front desk to the housekeeping staff were always very friendly and polite and keen to make you feel at home. When I asked about local coffee shops, the kind woman at reception took me onto the street just outside and gave me plenty of helpful suggestions. The hotel lobby also has plenty of free leaflets and guides to local restaurants, events and attractions.Whilst some of the decoration is a little quaint (brass beds), I really cannot fault this hotel for the service and value for money. At just $85 a night I had a clean, comfortable hotel with great features such as free internet, and only a 3/4 minute walk to the Sherbrooke metro station. Indeed, it is only a short stroll to the main shopping parade of rue St Catherine.Highly recommended.	
Aug 30 2006 	lovely boutique hotel	Comfortable room (actually two bedrooms) in a small hotel. Front-desk staff were pleasant, welcoming, and helpful. Nice breakfast. Rooms and bathroom spotlessly clean. Close to local restaurants and small cafes, and to a Metro station. Comfortable, quiet, reasonably priced for Montreal.	
Aug 25 2006 	Great welcome: Great location: Great Price	We were a party of 5 adults and had 3 rooms in the hotel. Each room was individual and the website description was extremely accurate. We stayed during the Outgames so night time was very noisey however the hotel was not to blame for this. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful at all times prior to and during our stay. My wife and I stayed in a room at the front of the hotel and there was some street noise at nght so if this bothers you try for a room at the back. The location was excellent right on the edge of the Latin quarter and close to the Metro. Rooms were very clean and the maid service was impeccable, breakfast was a little sparse but at the end of the day you get this included in the cost, rather than as an additional cost. Please note this hotel is not really suited for disabled or elderly/infirm people as there are a few steps up to the main door and no lift in the hotel. All in all for price, location and welcome I thoroughly recommend this hotel. I will definately use this hotel if I return to Montreal	
Aug 15 2006 	Great little hotel!!!	My girlfriend and I stayed in medium room #20 with a standard bathroom (small, but everything we needed). We had no issues speaking English with the staff. From the moment we arrived, the staff were very helpful with our every need. Check-in was quick and smooth. The common areas of the hotel looked quite clean and modern. Unfortunetly, there is no elevator in the building, but with only 3 floors, you need to be quite lazy to reject this hotel because of that. Our room was always clean, new towels were swapped with our wet, dirty ones daily, and the bed always got made. On top of all that, you get free wireless Internet, free breakfast (not much offered, mind you. but, enough to keep us happy), and free parking. The parking lot is small with cars often triple parked, but the staff had no issues when we wanted to get our car out of the lot during our stay. Also, the Sherbrooke metro station is right across the street. And, Rue St. Denis is only a block away. My only complaint would be the room did have a hint of smoky smell. Surely, they spray it down with some kind of air freshener before new guests arrive. However, it didn't bother us and we're non-smokers. If we're ever in Montreal again, I'm sure that this will be where we stay.	
Aug 14 2006 	Happy with the L'argoat	I spent many hours of agony pouring over reviews on this site to determine where I would spend seven days and six nights in Montreal. I would be staying alone and needed a place that was affordable, safe, convenient and comfortable.I was very pleased with my decision to stay at the Chateau de L'argoat. The place isn't perfect, but it was nearly perfect for my needs.I was in room 5: double bed, $80 per night. Room 5 has a sink (called a 'lavabo'), an end table, a desk, a dresser, 2 mirrors, a chair, racks to hang clothes and a suitcase 'table'. It also boasts large windows, pretty details on the walls, nice colors, spotless carpet, TV, phone and radio. I made ample use of the wifi as well.When I first got into the room I was happy with how it looked - but there were a couple problems. First, the room was a bit warm and the air was stuffy. The air conditioner cannot be controlled from within the room -- I went to the desk and asked them to turn it down, and it was cool enough for the duration of my stay.The second problem is that the bed was far from luxurious. It's large -- but it was very uncomfortable at first. Someone else on the site said that the bed was like sleeping on a floor-- that was my first impression, but after my first exhausted nap on the bed, it became progressively comfortable and I adjusted my expectations. I was worried it would be a problem since I was staying six nights but it honestly was not. I slept fine.The room lacked an interior bathroom, but I knew that ahead of time. (I was choosing between this and an even smaller room that was advertised for $60 a night -- it's not on the website but management told me about it -- that room has a bed that's slightly larger than a single and a bathroom, but I thought it would be too small for me, so I went with room 5).My bathroom was in the hall two doors from my room. I was worried that this would be very inconvenient, but it wasn't. I'd rather have a relatively spacious room and a bathroom down the hall than a tiny room with a bathroom inside. The salle de bain was in fact spotless and charming. It was a nice size as well. I didn't realize that one of the mirrors in the bathroom doubles as an 'armoire' and holds some toiletries until a few days into my stay. It took me a while to figure out the locking mechanism though. If you stay in this room I just suggest you plan accordingly -- bring flip flops and a conservative robe and/or something else to wear in between the room and the bathroom. Room 5 is located just a few steps away from the front desk, so I always felt safe going back and forth between my bedroom and the bathroom.Other points:- The breakfast service was adequate for me - nothing special, but enough to get you going. There is a small cafe area where you can get coffee in the morning and put in an order for pastries. This is included in your room rate. There was a young woman there during my stay who handled the breakfast orders - she was incredibly nice. At first I was concerned about not having 'room service', but in fact, I discovered that not only can you take your food to your room, but you can call the front desk and put in an order. I don't know if they always do this, but every time I called, they sent me my food and coffee.- There are no fridges in the room but you can use theirs- When the soda machine ran out of water on two different occassions, the managers were kind enough to pour me an ice cold glass of brita water.- They offer laundry service (next day in my case), and have handy items at the front desk for purchase (ie toothbrushes) and for free (umbrellas)- I got good recommendations from the front desk staff on two different occassions -- first, i wanted to know if there was anywhere nearby I could excercise. they recommended a park that's a few blocks away.. i was concerned that it wouldn't be safe, but i went jogging there during the afternoon and early evening on a few occassions and it was gorgeous and full of families and couples. Another staff member also recommended a great place to eat - Le Cherrier, on La Rue St. Denis.- The hotel is well located for several reasons. First, if you need a cab, it's directly across the street from Le Plaza (Doubletree), and there are always taxis there. Secondly, it's also directly across the street from the Sherbrooke metro stop, so it literally takes just a few minutes to get into the heart of the city. Third, there are restaurants, pharmacies and depanneurs (convenience stores) all within reach.Overall, I enjoyed my stay at Chateau de L'argoat, and I highly recommend it for anyone on a budget - but next time I come to Montreal I think I'll stay in one of the more expensive - but well appointed - boutique hotels in the old city.	
Aug 12 2006 	Great hotel	We stayed for 8 nights (Room 14, medium room, small bathroom). The room was a good size and the bathroom was small, but met our needs. This hotel has some of the most friendly staff we have come across (especially the room maid and the breakfast waitress). All booking communications were done by eamil and the manager was very helpful and described the rooms acccurately. We also had to change the dates of our stay several times - all this was dealt with professionally. The hotel is located well, the metro making access in the city easy (buy a week pass Mon-Sun for $18.50, rather than the tourist 3 day pass for $18). If we come to Montreal again we will stay here again - at $95 it was great value.	
Jul 20 2006	A Fabulous Little Hotel!	My mother and I stayed in room 15 for three nights in July. It is actually two adjoining rooms with a door that closes between them. There is a full-sized bed in one room and a twin bed in the other; each room has its own TV and air conditioner (operated with a remote control). The bathroom was huge, with a bathtub so long I could completely stretch out and be totally underwater from head to toe (I'm 5'4&quot;). The room and bathroom were extremely clean and was always fully stocked with towels, soaps, etc. (The lavender soap was so great, I brought a bar home with me!) It was painted in cheerful yellow and light green, and I enjoyed that some of the original woodwork had been retained. Based on what I had read in other reviews here, I asked for a nonsmoking room, in the rear of the building and on an upper floor. All of these requirements were met -- our room was actually at the end of the hall on the second floor, so we never had anyone walking past our door. A few times I could hear voices (either from the hall or the adjoining room), but never as much as a loud TV or footsteps overhead. We heard absolutely no noise from outside the building.The staff was always extremely friendly, both in my e-mail communications to reserve the room and in person at the hotel. Everyone I encountered spoke good English. The breakfast options were basic (nothing home cooked -- store bought pastries, etc.), but I'm not a big breakfast-eater and a bagel was enough to satisfy me. The coffee was good and plentiful. They also had some samples of a new brand of muffin set out for guests to try and offer opinions. I didn't drive my car at all during my stay, and it was completely safe parked behind the building for three nights. I used the computer in the lounge to check my e-mail every evening, and only once had to wait (less than a few minutes) to use it. All the guests I encountered were friendly and seemed to be satisfied with their choice of lodging.The Chateau d'Argoat is a great option for those who want the personalized atmosphere of a bed and breakfast, but who want some of the benefits (such as your own bathroom and a little more privacy) of a hotel. As other reviewers have said, the location is great and it is a lot cheaper than the chain hotels on this part of Sherbrooke. It is in an older building, and if you're looking for an upscale boutique hotel or a Sheraton-type place, this isn't it, but it is very well-maintained with both original details and modern updates.	
Jun 25 2006	Charming Friendly and Convenient	We stayed for four nights in room 7. Our accommodations were well-kept and perfect for a family with two children. The staff was always very gracious and helpful in terms of dining recommendations, sightseeing tips and general &quot;getting around town&quot; ideas. The location was ideal - right across the street from a Metro station, within 4 stops of Old Montreal and other attractions - with fine dining options within a few minutes walk. Our room was very quiet, especially considering that we were right on Rue Sherbrooke. The continental breakfast was very enjoyable as well. If you are looking for the usual pre-packaged hotel stay, or luxury accomodations that cater to your every whim, go elsewhere. But if you are looking for a charming, unique experience with a friendly staff that knows the city (and not just the tourist traps) this is the place for you. We would definitely repeat our experience.	
Jun 5 2006	Stay Away From This Hotel!	My mom and I chose this hotel for our Montreal vacation based on all the fabulous reviews on this website. What a terrible mistake that was. This hotel could not have been more dissapointing. The room was disgusting -- the carpet looked like it hadn't been cleaned in over 20 years and I was literally grossed out when my bare foot accidentally touched the floor. I had to wash my hair in the sink the first morning because the shower head was so old that water was hardly coming out of it. They did replace the shower head once I complained, but the water pressure was non-existant and so I had to continue washing my hair in the sink the rest of my stay. There were two double beds in the room but one of them was completely un-usable. The matress was so hard that my mom and I actually checked to make sure we weren't sleeping on the box spring. If the floor hadn't been so disgusting I think I would have slept on the floor. Instead, my mom and I had to share a bed every night. I'm not sure where the pictures on their website came from but they are CLEARLY not of the hotel in its current condition. It looks like it hasn't been renovated or even updated in 30 years. Additionally, on our first day there we asked the man at the reception desk for recommendations for a good place to have lunch. He sent us on a 15 minute walk through a dangerous-looking park into a street filled with tourist-trap restaurants where I would never be caught dead eating. We discovered by ourselves the next day there's an entire street filled with great restaurants and cafes just down the block. It was the last time we asked anyone at the hotel for recommendations. Honestly, I've been traveling all my life and have never stayed in such a bad hotel. And I'm not the only one who feels this way. While we were waiting for a cab to the airport on our last day, we saw 2 different couples complain about their room and leave to start looking for another hotel.This place doesn't deserve the 3 stars it has. Please, if you want to have a nice stay in Montreal, DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL. I promise you -- you'll be sorry.	
Jun 5 2006	Perfect European style hotel	I stayed ten nights at the Chateau de l'Argoat in May. The staff are very friendly and go out of their way to be helpful. This includes the front desk, the cleaning staff and the people who serve breakfast. My room and bathroom were very spacious and impeccably clean. Although located on a main street, the rooms facing the back are quiet. Continental breakfast is nicely served. The location is great, two minutes from Metro Sherbrooke, short walk to the trendy restaurants of the Plateau (St Denis, Duluth, St Laurent, etc.) and close to the Old Town and port. The beautiful Parc La Fontaine is two minutes away and is great for jogging or a stroll. The weather was miserable at the beginning of my stay and I enjoyed returning early afternoon to escape the rain and cold for a few hours. The staff offered a lovely pot of tea on a tray that I could take to my room. There is a &quot;Depanneur&quot; nearby where you can buy makings for a meal and with the cold temperatures and heavy rain, this was a welcome option some evenings. You can use the microwave and store food in the refrigerator. At Can $100, it is a great deal ! The hotel offers free parking (you have to leave the car keys as the vehicles are double parked, but a member of the staff is permanently present night and day). The front desk staff made arrangements for a good deal on a rental car and saved me $75. This was my second stay at the Chateau de l'Argoat and I will definitely return again next time.	
May 4 2006	Wonderful Hotel	I stayed here with friend a in late April. I was a little worried about the location, all for nothing. It has a GREAT location. You can walk less than 5 minutes to the Rue Sherbrooke metro stop which is more or less across the street. If you don't want to bother with transferring underground trains, you can walk a few more minutes - downhill - to the bus station, where there is also a metro stop (Berri UQAM). This is a transfer station. You are also only a couple of minutes walk to Rue St. Dennis, where there are tons of restaurants and shops. There is free parking behind the hotel and a free breakfast. No &quot;hot foods&quot;, but delicious muffins, croissants, bagels, toast, juice, coffee and tea. You can have a much as you would like - you just have to ask. There is a common room with a small tv and internet access. We never had a problem getting onto the computer - maybe had to wait 5 minutes one time. The breakfast area is small. The first morning I had to wait 5 minutes for a table. No big deal. Breakfast is served from 7 am until 12 noon, I believe. There seems to be a bit of a rush at 7, but if you arrive later you will have no problem. I also saw some people taking the food back to their room.We had a room facing the front, right across from the front desk, and while there was some noise, nothing that I couldn't get over. The room had a 2nd door that you could close in addition to the one that went into the lobby area, so that helped buffer indoor noise.The staff was very friendly and helpful. When we checked in, the person on duty told me the hair dryer in my room was broken, but he would have another placed in the room. When we got back a couple of hours later, it was there. While the towels were not large, there were plenty of them. There were extra pillows in the closet. If you are looking for a relatively inexpensive place to stay, and are using public transportation, this it it! I would not hesitate to stay here again!!	
May 3 2006	Lovely stay!	My husband and I just got back from a weekend in Montreal, and we stayed for two nights in the Chateau de l'Argoat hotel. The hotel is quaint but not shabby. It reminded me of family-run hotels in Europe. The staff were all very nice. Our room was clean and comfortable, and the water pressure in the shower was terrific. I really enjoyed the breakfast, which is free and brought out for you by a waitress. The coffee was great, and the bagles, muffins, and pain au chocolate were outstanding. Getting a good breakfast helped us to save money on food.The Chateau de l'Argoat is in a great location - just at the edge of the Plateau, so there are tons of cafes and restaurants within easy walking distance. There is a metro stop just across the street from the hotel if you prefer to go underground.	
Dec 30 2005	Cool French-Vibed Hotel	This is our third time in Montreal. The first two times, we stayed in chain hotels near St. Catherine street. We prefer the Plateau area and thus this time decided to stay at a place more in the heart of things.What a great pick. This reasonably priced hotel provides free parking, WiFi, and waitress-served continental breakfast w/bagels from the famous Fairmount bagel shop. The Metro stop is less than two small blocks away, but most cool things in the Plateau and Latin Quarter are within easy walking distance.Our nonsmoking room was in the back of the hotel (nice 'n' quiet) and had a large bathroom and 2 TVs. Unlike previous complaints seen on this site, our room had a hairdryer and had no odor of smoke. (I did speak to a woman who had a NS room and did smell cig smoke through her vent, however.)The breakfast room and common living room are decorated in a French-cafe style, with posters of recent Quebecois movie and music releases adorning the walls. This place seems very dog-friendly. We saw three, including a seeing eye dog, during our stay. We'll be sure to come back to the Chateau!	
Sep 21 2005	Joie de vivre a Montreal	My friend and I stayed at the Chateau over Labor Day weekend. It was my third time, but the first in 25 years. I had stayed there as a poor college student in the least expensive room in 1979 and 1980 when it was called the Argoat Tourist Lodge(before the Quebec government required French names). This time we stayed in Chambre 7, the grand suite. We had two large rooms separated by a 15 foot hallway. This meant that we didn't disturb each other if we snored or turned on the tv in the middle of the night. There was a tv in each room. Along the hallway were two rooms: one with a toilet and a sink and another with a sink, shower, and 2-3 person jacuzzi. There was plenty of hot water for each usage of the hot tub. Everything was absolutely spotless. We stayed three nights and found the room cleaned with ample towels, soap, shampoo, etc. each afternoon upon our return. The hotel had a large refrigerator for everyone's use. Even though, the sign said to label items, I put a few bottles of beer in there and found them all there when I returned to retrieve the cold beers. A corkscrew and wine glasses were provided free of charge for our usage. The breakfast was absolutely fabulous. Croissants like in Paris, Pains au chocalat, and more. Canadians drink coffee like Americans, and the coffee was great and always available. Orange juice and my special requests for a carafe d'eau avec des glacons (carafe of ice water) each morning was always granted. Common areas of hotel were maintained as in a 5 star hotel. The staff was fantastic. All of the guests appeared to be having a wonderful visit when I saw some during breakfast and passed by others in the hall, and I never heard any loud noise more than a few car horns and fire trucks out on the street. No noise in the hotel at any time more than happy conversations. I am sorry that I had only returned to Montreal once in the past 25 years. I stayed in a different area of town that time in 1995 but will return to the Chateau sometimes in the next 2 or 3 years. Location is perfect and near many things but away from the crowds. Rue Sherbrooke is a very safe, bustling street with many condos and apartments. The Metro is across the street and a 3 minute walk. Easy walk or metro ride to McGill University, the shopping areas, Vieux Montreal, Gay Montreal, the casinos, Mount Royal (Mont Real in French from where the city's name came), the Montreal Canadiens arena, great restaurants, etc. Montreal est formidable!Le Chateau de l'Argoat is full of the joie de vivre that Quebec is known for.Bon voyage a tous! Please visit the Chateau and enjoy Montreal.	
Sep 7 2005	Charming Old Fashioned Hotel!	Chateau de l'Argoat was a wonderful hotel in a great location. I was there with another single girlfriend and we had a great time. The hotel is conveniently next to the Latin Quarter, St. Denis and St. Laurent streets, which are all full of great shopping, restaurants, and night life. Also, being next to the metro makes it very easy to get anywhere in the city.The hotel itself is quaint, charming and old fashioned. We had a top floor room with high ceilings facing the street. While we did get a bit of street noise, it was not enough to be a bother. The temperature in the rooms was great, and we did not have the overwhelmingly loud air conditioning that is common in most U.S. hotel rooms. The staff was very friendly and helpful with everything we needed, from making us reservations, to supplying amenities. There was free 24-hour Internet access and breakfast, which was served until 12:00 noon!It is not a 4-star hotel, but for the money you can't get a better value. I will definitely stay there the next time I go back to Montreal!	
Jul 31 2005	A welcome in Montreal	I'd just like to recommend Hotel Chateau de l'Argoat to anybody looking to stay in Montreal.It is a small, very well run family hotel. We found all of the staff very friendly and helpful, and the place itself had a welcoming feel to it.The room we had was a very pleasant large one at the front, there was a little road noise, but not enough to be a problem. We were told that the bathroom would be small in this particular room, and it was, but it was quite adequate, and as so many people have pointed out, extremely clean. I believe most of the other rooms have decent sized bathrooms. Breakfast was excellent, with the opportunity to have as much as you could eat and drink, all you had to do was ask for more.A major asset to staying at this hotel for us, was the free parking at the rear. Plus, to get to the Metro you just cross the road, walk up the side of the Hotel Plaza, go through a small door which looked like a side door to the hotel, and you are in a passage that takes you to the station.If we ever go back to Montreal, we shall certainly book the Hotel Chateau de l'Argoat.	
Apr 5 2005	The real Montreal experience	In response to the person who wonders what uni-lingual Americans fare at the &quot;Argoat&quot; I have been coming here for some time, and I can say they fare just fine. The staff is friendly and will do anything to make your stay more pleasant. It's over on the Francophone side of Rue St-Laurent so whether you're in the hallway or outside the place you immediately know you're in Montreal, not Dallas or Cleveland. I don't know why someone is carping about the parking arrangements; I park my car there in the back lot and take the subway everywhere. That way I don't get one of the city's famous parking tickets. The staff there warn you about possibility of theft, but the manager's window overlooks the lot, I've never had a speck of trouble. It's certainly worth the C$18 a day that one would spend for parking at the chain-luxury hotels.  It's certainly a popular place. It's not surprising it is booked during jazz festival in July, but I went there last *January* with a bitter cold wind, and it was full up, with a number of U.S. plates in the lot.	
Jan 10 2005	Disappointing!	From looking at various websites, I was under the impression that this was a three-star hotel. Unfortunately this place is much more of a bed-and-breakfast, and not a very good one at that! The common areas are run-down and there is no elevator. I had a non-smoking room but it reeked of smoke!! The whirlpool was old and disgusting looking, there was no hot water coming from the shower (even when there was hot water available from the whirlpool's tap). The towels were old, thin and small and the breakfast was a joke. A sheet of paper in each room explains that it's the hotel's policy not to offer the usual extras (room service, hair dryers, etc) in order to keep prices low. However, prices are not that low - they fall within the norm of what similar establishments offer. The staff was relatively friendly and there were plenty of tourist materials at the front desk. However, don't be fooled by their snazzy website - the best thing about this place is the free parking!	
Dec 14 2004	No problems at the Chateau	I had been impressed by the reviews of this hotel as I was planning a long weekend in Montreal after Thanksgiving. Fortunately, I was not disappointed. The hotel is in a great location, just a few blocks away from the trendy streets of St. Denis and St. Laurent, which have an incredible amount of dining, shopping, and nightlife options.The room itself felt more like home than a chain hotel. It was cozy, comfortable, clean and more than adequate for our needs. As others have noted, the bathroom was small, but we chose a cheaper room (2 double beds) without a whirlpool bath, which was very affordable.Finally, I was very happy with the service I received at the Chateau. In contrast to the previous user, we had NO PROBLEM with speaking English at the hotel or anywhere else. I am surprised by this comment as we found the hotel staff--and the city as a whole--to be friendly. I can only speak some basic French but really didn't need it regardless of where we went. However, I always tried to begin conversations in French out of courtesy, but most people automatically switched to English without hesitation when they realized we were English-speaking.Two other service notes---I didn't specify non-smoking when I booked the room and was placed in a smoking room. However, the staff was easily able to make the swtich for us upon request.I'm not sure how many people leave things in hotels, but I left a jacket in the closet and realized it only after I had left. I called and I was thrilled to hear that they had found it. I am happy to say that the directrice, Anne, mailed it to me at the hotel's expense. That's where the personal service of a smaller hotel paid off.	
Nov 15 2004	Look elsewhere	Encouraged by the great reviews posted here I was eager to stay at L'Argoat. Well, I was disappointed when I arrived. The hotel common areas are a lot pokier and rundown than I would've anticipated. As for service, if you're fluent in French you'll be fine here. If you are anything less than fluent? Well, you will be very disappointed by the treatment. My French is fine, but the fact that I was anglo really got under people's skins. I was quite amazed, as a native Montrealer, to find this kind of stuff still going on! Especially in a hotel. I HATE to think of how these people will treat Americans! Snooty is not the word - they were downright rude and unfriendly.On the plus side, the decor of my room was magnificent. A real knockout of a room. The layout of the bathroom however was quite stupid. Sure, it had a jacuzzi tub but it was so lacking in sinkspace that actitivites like shaving became a chore.My biggest complaint however is that my non-smoking room absolutely reeked of smoke. It obviously doubles as smoking/nonsmoking as need arises. I was quite turned off the STENCH of smoke in the room. As a last complaint, the parking situation is not great. There are spots in the back but you have to leave your keys with the front desk. And it's not easy to get them back again.With so many great options in Montreal I'd recommend looking elsewhere.	
Sep 28 2004	Clean room easy on your pocket	If you are looking for a fancy room with above average atmosphere that can WOW most people and are planning to stay in your room a lot (10-12+ hours) per day, try other more expensive hotel.Stay here for 4 nights during the week of Sept 6. If you are looking for a clean room to sleep and shower that is easy on your pocket, ok atmosphere, this will meet your needs. Hotel has very good location, a block walk from Sherbrooke Metro Station. Very short walk south to the Latin Quarter and north to St Denis restaurants and shops. Hotel also has free local calls, A/C, cable TV, free continental breakfast, and very slow but free Internet access in the hotel's sitting room.BTW: The Airport Shuttle folks told me wrong information. After you get off the airport shuttle in downtown, the minibus, offered as part of the airport shuttle service, will NOT transport you to this hotel. Minibus driver told me it was outside of his boundary. Stay on the airport shuttle that makes the final stop at the Montreal Bus Central Station (2 long blocks from the hotel - 1 of the block is uphill). You can walk or take a cab to the hotel.	
Sep 20 2004	Overly Pleased with L'Argoat	I didn't want to go with the typical chain hotel route, so I settled on going to L'Argoat after reading all the previous reviews on this site. I guess I'll be repeating what everyone else has been saying but I really enjoyed staying here. It had a &quot;home away from home&quot; feeling to it. I got the smallest size room that they have - but it was more than enough for just me. It had a double bed, huge windows, 2 drawer dresser, a mini clothes rack with some hangers, tv, chair, writing desk with another chair, nightstand, and a sink with cabinet and mirror ! Loved the chandelier touch to the room. The bathroom was outside the bedroom - Seemed like brand new fixtures too. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. Bfast was okay if you wanted pastries/toast. But you could ask to keep some of your own foods in their fridge. Of course, they had lots of coffee and a wide variety of teas. Even though the hotel was full most nights, I would have never had known as it was very quiet. Location was perfect as well. I could easily get to the Metro stations or walk to various attractions. I'd definitely stay here at my next visit to Montreal.	
Sep 19 2004	Had a great stay hope to return one day	My wife and I stayed here on Sept. 9th to the 12th. Great location--not in the heavily touristed areas, but close to everything. Halfway between Vieux Montreal and the Plateau area. The Metro--safe, clean, and reliable--is a block away. Very charming place, with a very nice room, which had a brass bed, a very large bathroom, and cheery yellow walls. Everything was spotless!The first night in it was pouring rain so we went around the corner to St. Denis and had a very casual and enjoyable dinner at &quot;Creperie Breton&quot;. Met a fellow guest at breakfast (great bagels and croissants, by the way) who agreed the front rooms were a bit noisy; we had a back room with a slight view of downtown, and it was great.Downsides: the towels were small and a little thin; the toilet paper likewise. (Sorry...) And no elevator. But really: very small complaints in an otherwise excellent, affordable, friendly, charming, convenient place. Hope to return again one day.One last thing: if you are in Montreal on a Saturday, take the Metro up to the Jean-Talon stop and check out the fantastic outdoor market nearby: the Marche du Nord.	
Jul 10 2004	Great place very friendly staff!	I too completely agree with the previous posters on how nice this hotel is. Its location is perfect, the latin quarter and rue St. Denis is within 5 minutes walking distance.The room was very clean, I must say spotless! The staff was very friendly and gave us many tips on how to spend our days and where to go out to eat.Don't forget to check out La Popessa restaurant on St. Denis- very neat concept. It's italian and they serve all kinds of pasta. You choose your pasta type and sauce, and they make your food right in front of you.I would definately stay at this hotel again!	
Jul 9 2004	Looooved Chateau de L'argoat	The reviews are true!! I stayed here with my boyfriend for 3 nights, and it was just perfect! We got the [blue] room on the 3rd floor with 2 queen beds with a bathroom with a big whirlpool for $130 CAN, because it was their only room free under such short notice. They keep the rooms so clean- probably the cleanest bathroom I have ever stayed in. The whirlpool was a huge plus- so relaxing! And even the little breakfast in the morning (although probaby not enough for the biggest eaters) is a good quaint little snack before a big late lunch at some of the cutest restaurants nearby. Very convenient is the currency exchange literally a 5 minute walk way. The metro is also very close, but you needn't go too far for some fantastic dining venues. The only complaint is that the TV is nothing fancy, and the chairs in our room were kind've old, but if you're in Montreal, you won't be doing much of sitting around in your hotel anyway. I loved my stay here- and honestly, we're excited to return there and to check out some of the even larger rooms! For the price you pay- it's a perfect choice. Note: No elevators- so if you've got a lot of luggage, be prepared to lug it up the stairs.	
Jun 28 2004	Great Place!	I can't agree more with the previous posters, the Chateau de L'Argoat is a great place! Nice and clean rooms (the rooms facing the street can be a bit noisy so book a room at the back if you're easily disturbed by traffic), friendly staff, decent prices etc. Would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 20 2004	great place to stay	Great hotel!! we stayed in the smaller room, but it was very comfy, clean, cheap and convenient. staff was very helpful. also, there is a cute breakfast room with free coffee and a small breakfast. very close to rue st. denis and a block away from the metro. 	
May 25 2004	Excellent time!	After reading the reviews posted, I decided to give this place a try! It did not disappoint. We got a large room with a nice hot tub. The place was very clean, and the hotel personnel were so friendly! I loved the location too... very close to St. Denis, and the BYOW restaurants! 	
May 12 2004	Small room but a lot of charm	We stayed here for 3 nights in 2003. We requested the least expensive room (students...) and got the smallest one in the hotel for $80/night. The room and bathroom were indeed very small (only big enough for a double bed) but we had a private balcony facing the street. The parking was free and in the back of the hotel (car keys had to be left with the desk since all cars were double-parked). The complimentary continental breakfast was great and &quot;all-you-can-eat&quot;. The hostess (proprietor?) was very friendly. The hotel was close to 2 metro stations and within walking distance to St-Denis and Ste-Catherine.	
Apr 9 2004	A wonderful place to stay	We have stayed here a few times. The price and location are very pleasing, and the staff could not be nicer! The room and baths are very clean and the included continental breakfast is a nice extra.	
Mar 30 2004	You should try Chateau de L'Argoat	My wife and I just returned from a 4-night stay in Montreal. Not being sure of where to stay ( Montreal has so many hotels to choose from ) we tried the Hotel Chateau de L'Argoat on Sherbrooke Street Est. It deserves mention on your website: it is one of the cleanest hotels we've stayed in, friendliness of the staff is above-average and its location (directly across the street from the Sherbrooke Metro station make it a great place to stay! It has many different unique &amp; large rooms, including hot tubs and 4-poster beds and a quaint breakfast nook! We can't wait to return there!	
Nov 12 2003	A wonderful place to stay		
Nov 5 2003	The reviews are true!		
Oct 27 2003	Chateau de l'Argoat is Wonderful!		
Oct 21 2003	The perfect spot		
Sep 13 2003	Great Family Stay		
Jul 28 2003	Clean Close to Rue St Denis		
Jun 30 2003	We love Chateau L'Argoat !		
Mar 31 2003	What a little treasure!		
Sep 20 2002	The perfect spot		
Jul 28 2001	for those who want a room that doesn't look like all the others		
Nov 14 2009 	Sehr angenehmer Aufenthalt und besonders freundliches Personal		
Nov 9 2009 	Hotel sale personnel pas courtois		
Sep 22 2009 	Charmant Hôtel :0)		
Jul 3 2009 	Buon hotel		
Sep 1 2008 	Hôtel très sympathique		
Sep 14 2007 	Excellent!		
