Nov 25 2009 	Wonderful clean hotel with all the amenities in a neighborhood setting	My husband and I enjoyed everything about our visit. We loved the king sized suite that even had extra pillows and blanket which you usually don't get in a king size room. There was a kitchennette which was handy and a charming local grocery right next door. Parking was easy. The staff was especially friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the location- it was quiet from the noise of the city yet right in the heart of the downtown restaurants and sights.	
Nov 12 2009 	Good Stay	Booked directly with the Hotel, exchange a few emails and the customer service very good, Peggy very helpful and answer all my qeries without any unhappy.Room good size(Deluxe), we paid $130 Canadian Dollars per room without breakfast. Close to Subways station. The problem is you need walk through the tunnel about 5 mins for highup walk!! From station walk to the hotel about 10 mins. Tip: Another station nearby and you don't need walk through the tunnel, you need change the line not direct to the hotel is the problem!!Not much trouble, many restaurant nearby the hotel, post office and supermarket very close too. Although not too close to downtown but the subway very easy to catch and cheap too.Happy our stayes at Hotel Du Fort	
Oct 19 2009 	Will defintely stay at Hotel Du Fort again.	I chose this hotel because of the mostly postive reviews here, and I wasn't disappointed. I think it's a pretty good value compared to nearby places. We had one of the smaller rooms but it was still plenty big enough, with a small kitchenette hidden behind folding doors. (And a little coffeepot plus a real mug and spoon!) Everything was clean, and we had a wonderful view from our window.There were a lot of restaurants within a few blocks; maybe not the really nicehigh-end places, but moderately priced places, with lots of ethnic food choices. The old city was a bit far for us to walk to, but we just drove down and parked in that big lot by the water. I'd skip the breakfast buffet and go to Tutti Fruitti instead - it's about three blocks away on St. Catherine.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good Comfortable Hotel With Some Issues	Stayed at Hotel du Fort Montreal for a one week vacation this past August. The hotel is located on Rue(Street) Fort right off St. Catherine, the main commercial street in the city.Please note that this section of St, Catherine is not the commercial downtown section withall the chic shops and restaurants - rather, the area where the hotel is located is a largelyresidential, quieter section of Montreal - not a bad thing as you will find many interesting shops and boutiques and reasonably priced restaurants here.The hotel is about 20 minutes walking distance from downtown; there are also three Metro stations within a three to four block radius of the Hotel du Fort (Atwater, Guy Concordia and Georges-Vanier) to get you anywhere in the city you want to go. The Georges-Vanier station is just two stops away from the Central train station for those arriving or leaving Montreal by train.As for the hotel itself, it is a medium-sized residential-style property with large, spacious and quite comfortable rooms with spectacular views of the city especially from the upper floors. The room type I stayed in was the King Signature which had a siiting area with a sofa and lounge chair.A wooden divider with a makeup table, lamp and hair dryer separated this living area from the sleeping area which contained the bed and a small chair. In addition, the room contains a large desk, armoire with a TV and dresser drawers, a large closet, a kitchenette with refrigerator, and a good-sized bathroom. The bathroom was well-appointed with such convieniences as seperate switches for the light and the fan, safety bars in the shower, a non-slip tub floor and a laundry line, features which are not always found in more expensive properties, at least not all in one room. That said, this bathroom had two items which I found rather disappoiting - a very powerful shower with a narrow water jet which was anything but comfortable (and non-adjustable). Also, instead of the usual bottles of toiletries, there were wall dispensers in the shower for shampoo, soap, etc. Perhaps the hotel is trying to be enviromentally freindly but I found this rather cheesy and motel-like for hotel of this caliber. One other observation regarding the room - the website indicates all the rooms have flatscreen TVs - this turns out not to be the case. When I asked the manager on duty about this he said that those TVs are only in the suites. This may be important to some, not so much to others, but I thought I should mention it.Now, to the issues I alluded to in the title of my review. These concern the breakfast and thebusiness center. The breakfast buffet (no ala carte menu available) served in a very elegantroom with large picture windows is described on the website as having hot and cold items - in truth, the only hot item every morning was scrambled eggs. The other items were of the continental variety - fruit, pastries, cold cuts juice, coffee. The breakfast was certainly not bad, but for the price $9.95 CAD I did expect a bit more.As to the business center, (located right off the breakfast room) please note that there is onlyone computer available fro everyone's use. During my stay, I usually had to wait longer thanusual to use the computer; this experience culminated one night with several guests inckud-ing myself complaining about one guest hogging the computer for over an hour. To the hotel's everlasting credit, the front desk staff remedied this situation immediatel and removed the offender. Also to their credit, I recently received a letter fron the hotel manager apologiz- ing for my experience in this matter and told me that the computer use policy has since been revised to allow each guest 15 minutes use on said computer, and in addition I was offered a complimentary room upgrade for a future stay. I sincerely hope that this policy will be adher- ed to and respected by all the guests. What this would mean is how much of a priority the use of the business center is to you during your vacation.The front desk staff was very freindly and efficient in all other matters as well. They mademe feel very welcome and made many recommendations for my sightseeing, restaurant andtransportation needs while in Montreal. In regard to the latter, the concierge can furnish youwith an Opus card for $5.00 which is good for unlimited trips on the city's subways and buses. You can refill the card yourself when the encoded value runs out. You must return thecard at checkout or you will be charged the $5.00 on your bill.The housekeeping staff were also excellent except for an unknown housekeeper who (withgood intentions I'm sure) left my room windows open on the two hottest days of my stay. Thiswas not a big issue though and I let it pass.In summary, the Hotel du Fort is a very pleasant hotel to stay in. Centrally located in a quaint, quiet neighborhood, it has large comfortable rooms, a caring staff and reasonable rates. And if the above issue with the business center are indeed resolved, then the hotel will be evenmore inviting.P.S. For those of you looking for additional shopping and dining, there is a large shopping mallthree blocks from the hotel. It is the Place Alexis-Nihon and contains a McDonalds (good forbreakfast and sinfully delicious pastries - believe me on this!), a food court and shops for all your needs, especially the basic things you may need for your trip. It is located atop the Atwater Metro station and across the street from the Pepsi Forum (a huge sports-entertainment complex).	
Oct 9 2009 	A Small Apartment - Great Location	Great time in Montreal. Hotel is older and was like having a small, comfy apartment in the city. We had a huge corner room with a kitchenette, bedroom, dining room and living room - extremely comfortable. It's right off St. Catherine Blvd. where we walked to restaurants and the center of the city. We chose to take a taxi to Old Montreal vs. drive. It's too far to walk. The breakfast is in a lovely dining room and was okay at $9.95, but we typically had breakfast in our room. A grocery store is across the street. Free internet was great and parking was only $18 a day. The halls had a little musty smell, but we didn't notice it in our very clean room. It was a little dated, but very comfortable and we would stay again.	
Oct 6 2009 	Good location good value top marks	Hotel Du Fort is in a great location for exploring the City by foot or on the Subway. It is located off one of the main shopping and restaurant roads so there's plenty of choice for meals.Our room was spacious and comfortable. We found the hotel staff helpful and happy to help.	
Sep 15 2009 	Comfortable 	We stayed only one night at the Hotel du Fort but we wished we'd booked for longer. Stayed here on our annual trip to drop our son off at McGill. It was not too far from his apartment and convenient to the Metro and downtown. The room was huge, bed comfortable, price reasonable. Parking was convenient and about the going rate for a city hotel (around $18 I think). Nice view of downtown. The exercise room was nice and well equipped but for some odd reason the treadmill was locked and required a special key from the front desk. My only complaint is the for-fee internet access. I HATE paying for internet access.	
Sep 4 2009 	Highly recommend	Hotel staff was very courteous &amp; helpful. Room was clean, large &amp; had a beautiful view. Kitchenette was clean &amp; very appreciated. In-room safe was a great feature. Location was close enough to some sites &amp; very accessible by Metro for farther sights. I will stay here again &amp; recommend it highly. After staying at a horrible hotel in Ottawa on the same trip, Hotel Du Fort was refreshing.	
Aug 31 2009	Nice stay right in the center of Montreal	I have selected the hotel based on reviews on Tripadvisor and it turned out pretty good. We stayed 4 days. It is located next to St Catherine street which is walking distance to shopping centers, great restautants and underground city. There were two grocery stores accross hotel. Hotel is about 5 min walk to the subway which was very convenient for us coming to the hotel from the train station, as well as travelling to botanical garden and Olympic Stadium. All staff spoke English and were pretty helpful. The room was nice and pretty big with king bed and sofa. Nice bathroom. I also used the gym in the hotel which was not big but had enough machines to exercise. Very nice value for the price we paid. Hotel exceeded our expectations. I will definetely stay again and recommend to the friends.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good Value Hotel in Convenient Location.	Stayed here for a couple of nights during a roadtrip across Canada &amp; USA. Had seen the reviews on Tripadvisor &amp; got a discounted rate from the tourist information place. The hotel is very clean &amp; has friendly efficient service. There is parking at the hotel. I really liked our room, it had a great view &amp; the bed was very comfy. It is around a 10-15 minute walk to the shopping areas &amp; bars/restaurants etc. Recommended.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great Hotel 	I stayed there for my Birthday and overall a great trip. No meals or that included, but averall a good value. It was close to the metro for easy access to shopping, clubs and other activities. Very clean and pretty good meals in the restaurant.	
Jul 30 2009 	Better than we had hoped for	Wife and I stayed at the Du Fort for 5 nights, July 5-10. We got in very late via train from Niagara Falls, so didn't get to see the area till the next morning.Check in was great, the room was a very unexpected surprise. Nice and roomy,great bath amenities and the little kitchenette area was very useful. The view was ok. If we looked to the left we had a view of Mount Royal Park and to the right , we could see a little of the water. We didn't come for views from our room. It was our first visit to Montreal so out the door we went. We were always greeted warmly by all the staff.Riza , almost was hurt if we didn't let her clean our room. We had put the &quot;do not deturb sign out one day. She almost insisted we allow her to clean it. She always made sure we had plenty of amenities in room. Thank you Riza.You have to choices for the subway. Atwater or Guy-Concordia. The walk to Atwater, is a little more depressing , but they do have some great shopping and food courts. But the food court we liked even more was Faubourg on St Catherine, about 2.5 blocks from the Du Fort. They had food from around the world. 3 Chinese,1 Japanese,2Italian,1 Indian,1 Thai, 2 Sandwich shops, 1 Lebanese ( Samirs) is great. There were a few others that escape my mind. One of our favorites was Saint Cinnamon, on the lower floor. The egg croissant sandwich is big,tasty and a great buy. Very filling , kept us going through the day, till we found where we might want to eat.Beer is very expensive all over in bars,restaurants. You can buy at the stores that sell to take back to your room at a better cost. But we did come across Brutopia.com about 5-6 blocks east of hotel. There beers were $Can5 per pint during there happy hour, and a generous happy hour it was, 3-8 every night.It was our first trip to Montreal and it was a fantastic one, starting with the Hotel Du Fort.Thank you for everything.	
Jul 18 2009 	EXCELLENCE ALL AROUND!	Stayed at Du Fort for 4 nights with my friends and absolutely loved it. Service is exceptional, rooms are spacious, location is excellent! Hotel Du Fort is located 6 blocks away from Crescent St. (if you are a college student its the place to be) and right next to St Catherines (all the restaurants and shops). Everything is in a walkable distance and away from all the noise. The hotels staff is professional and friendly. Metro is few blocks down, the closest bar is across the street (Sports bar--very cheap breakfast and bar food). Also parking is about 20 bucks a day with in and out access (but you really dont need your car, metro will take you practically everywhere)TIPSCrescent St- BARS, CLUBSSt Catherines- FOOD, SHOPPINGSt Laurent- CLUBSSt Dennis- HOOKAH BARS	
Jul 7 2009 	An Amazing Boutique Hotel Where "Hospitality" is Their Standard!	This gem is off the beaten path but is extremely convenient to just about anywhere you'd want to go in charming Montreal. I can't recall a hotel where everyone...and I do mean everyone...is quietly there for you and more than willing to make your stay as comfortable and hassle free as it can be. My wife and I experienced this with all from the front desk, to the chamber maid on up to the General Manager! They are all glad that you are their guest...and they show it.The rooms are very spacious, clean and have a very handy kitchenette with microwave, refrigerator, sink and coffee/tea and a coffeemaker. Very easy to feel&quot;at home&quot;.This hotel must have the best smelling elevators in town as the aroma of freshly baked croissants waif up from the beautiful breakfast parlor on the second floor. Here is a wonderful breakfast buffet serving hot and cold fresh foods to satisfy any appetite.If you're looking for a worry free, wonderful hotel that delivers more than it promises, we heartily recommend this Montreal gem to you. You'll be glad you followed this advice!	
Jul 6 2009 	Handy location Superbly friendly staff comfy beds	Having kitchenettes in the rooms drastically reduced our overall trip expenses. The staff was extremely courteous and helpful. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. We have stayed there periodically since 2002, and always appreciate the accommodations and the location is wonderful for us - just minutes from local transportation.	
Jul 5 2009 	Good basic hotel. Very friendly staff.	We stayed at the Hotel du Fort for the first time this July. The best part for us was the friendly staff. They were courteous and helpful. The room we stayed in was large and comfortable, the decor was pretty basic. The only problem we encountered was the first room we were in had not been cleaned before our arrival, and had a damaged tub faucet. We were very quickly moved to a new room which was larger than the one we started in. The rooms are comfortable and well-appointed. There was a small kitchen area which was great for storing extra food and keeping it cold before we traveled again, and there was an area for drying your hair with a mirror built into a table. Rue du Fort is just off Saint Catherine, so there are many restaurants and shops in the area, though we did find ourselves walking quite a lot to see some of the attractions we were interested in. The last day of our stay we went to the breakfast buffet (not included in the cost of the room) and liked it a lot. We would stay here again and would recommend it to others. The Hotel displayed an electronic &quot;billboard&quot; near the elevators detailing Concierge recommendations. This was a nice touch.	
Jul 3 2009 	Excellent hotel	I stayed here for two nights to attend a conference in Westmount. Although there was an initial mix up with my room, it was quickly and pleasantly sorted out. The rooms are comfortable and well appointed; the toiletries are delightful. The front desk staff was always helpful, no matter the time of day or the number of guests they were handling at the time. In particular, they knew just how to hail a cab! The breakfast is very good and, again, the staff in the breakfast room equally pleasant. I plan to return to Hotel du Fort the next time I am in Montreal.	
Jul 1 2009 	Adventure Central	We love Hotel du Fort. We have recommended it to several of our friends and they have never come away dissatisfied. We are frequent fliers at the hotel; it's our first choice!Hotel du Fort is located in an &quot;up and coming&quot; area of Montreal. The Pepsi Arena is nearby as are new restaurants (Le Mizo, etc). There are many shops and botiques in the area as well as stores where one may expeirence local produce and cuisine. The Atwater Metro is two blocks near-by. The hotel is conveniently located and easily accessible to the weary traveller or those seeking some adventure. The parking garage is exceptionally clean and well lighted and everything is handicap accessible.Hotel du Fort continually seeks to improve service to its guests. The new breakfast menue has ben modified to be more pleasing to the guests.The staff, as e veryone agrees is very professional and welcoming. They are very patient with me when I try to speak French at the front desk (merci). Everyone should experience Hotel du Fort.TMAP	
Jun 27 2009 	Nice clean hotel	Good location, large clean rooms, quiet. The hallway on the floor we stayed on smelled a little weird, but other than that it's a nice hotel.	
Jun 26 2009 	Splendid Stay	My husband and I stayed for 4 nights at this hotel in June and really enjoyed our stay. The hotel staff is very professional and do a great job of answering your questions thoroughly.This hotel just off a major street (Saint Catherine) and close to Guy-Concordia or the Atwater Metro stops. The hotel room was large and had a great kitchette with a sink, frig., microwave and coffeemaker. The lovely bathroom was very large too. The hotel had a nice gym, and a grocery store and Internet cafe across the street. There are lots of stores, resturants and bars along St. Catherine, so finding a place to eat was not difficult. Many of the bars &amp; resturants have English menus and the people of Montreal speak English well and often. The hotel had a great sports bar across the street (Sports Stadium?) the place had great food, cheap beer, and tasty poutine (fries, with beef, gravy and melted cheese curds) Yum! Gotta' try it! Montreal is a large city and the major sites are spread out, so be prepared to walk, drive or take the Metro subway. At the airport we were able to get to our hotel very easily and inexpensively by using two public buses and the subway. Make sure you have exact change before you get on the bus! We did not have a car, but used the subway countless times throughout our trip to get to what we wanted to see. The subway is very user friendly, but get a 3 day pass because the cost of a ride is $2.75, no matter the distance. The people of Montreal are so nice and helpful. We loved visiting Montreal and we'd go back again and would stay at the Hotel Du Fort .	
May 10 2009 	A surprise!	A fellow traveler selected this place. I was skeptical due to the location, and on first impression of the outside and the neighborhood. But inside the place was nicer than it looked. And on getting out into the neighborhood, there were lots of stores and shops within a block or two that made the visit unexpectedly pleasant. Unless you know your way around Montreal or are exceptional at directions, better take a GPS to get there from the airport. It's in an old part of town with lots of one-way streets crisscrossed by freeways.	
May 9 2009 	Comfortable and spacious	This is a great little hotel with spacious rooms and kitchenette (very handy for snacks and breakfasts) Beds are comfortable and linens are very nice. The location can't be beat -- 2 minutes to Ste Catherine.	
May 2 2009 	Loved the breakfast	I got a suite in this hotel thanks to my travel agent at the same cost as a normal room. my office was only a 5 min walk from here on st. catherines. the front desk is very help ful to tourists and they helped me identifying the must visit spots in montreal. they also informed me about the events happening in the weekend.The american breakfast is included in the room expense. it is quite good. you will find many tourists in the hotelthe hotel has a gym though it is very small. you will get internet connectivity to complete your office work but you may find it on the slower side.	
Feb 19 2009 	all round good hotel	Stayed there for a weekend. It wasn't the best but it was quite good for the price. The location of the hotel is within downtown and is walkable to the subway station and other main attractions.	
Jan 4 2009 	Very friendly and comfortable place to stay	The Hotel Du Fort was a real pleasure to stay in during my last visit to Montreal. Location wise the hotel is just of Rue Sainte-Catherine which has a great choice of cafes, bars and shops. Its about a 10 minute walk to the nearest Metro stations of Atwater and Guy-Concordia, I would recommend using the latter station. The city centre is easy to reach by metro and can also be reached by foot in about 20 to 30 minutes.Taxi from the airport cost me CAD38.00 but its a set fare in Montreal to the city centre hotels.The staff at the Hotel Du Lac I found to be absolutely brilliant, very professional, helpful and polite. Especially the staff on reception. Though all the staff that I passed during my stay from cleaners to managers took time to smile and say hello which really makes a difference.I was allocated room 1809 which was very spacious, well decorated, clean and very comfortable. Room has 2 double beds and a small kitchenette with a fridge and a microwave. Good sized bathroom and with being on the 18th floor an excellent view of downtown Montreal.Breakfast was at CAD10.00 in a pleasant comfortable room, decent buffet spread and pleasant service.Definetly will stay here again on my next time in Montreal.	
Nov 18 2008	Trouble from the start......	We booked our hotel online with a great rate, or so we thought. I wanted to spend a wonderful weekend in Montreal for Thanksgiving and all we had from the hotel was trouble from the day we booked. They charged our credit card 4 times, (over $2200.00 for four nights) at one point we never had any credit left on our card because the hotel didn't want to stop charging us. When we thought we had it all fixed, a month after our return home we were charged again. But this time we were on another trip (a cruise) and tried to rent a car and our credit card got declined because the Hotel du fort charged our card yet again!!!! I wouldn't deal with this hotel again if it were the last hotel in Montreal!!!	
Nov 7 2008 	Best Keep Secret - Montreal Gem	My boyfriend and I were both very impressed with hotel du Fort. A four star property in the best location for the price of a three star. In town for festivale Juste Pour Rire we were is good spirits, but nothing went wrong anyway. I am very picky and have very high expectations. In North America, I accept no less than a four star. I ran my finger atop the mantel for dust. I was impressed. We recommend this hotel for cosmopolitan twenty-something Canadians and others with comparable taste.	
Nov 7 2008	Loved it	I recently stayed at the Hotel du Fort for a week at the beginning of October, 2008 and two days at the end of the same month. I am a professional travel writer so I spend A LOT of time in hotels. I didn't know what to expect, but the online reviews were good, so I gave the Hotel du Fort a shot. I am very glad I did. When I called to reserve, the woman who answered was friendly and professional. When I checked in, I was pleased to find that the room was spacious and had a nice view of the city. It was also very clean and well appointed. Everyone on the staff was friendly, bilingual and helpful. The capper was when my wife called from overseas and asked if the staff could help her give me an anniversary present. One of the front desk staff went out and bought chocolates and a card and hand delivered them to my room. The Hotel du Fort hits all the right notes and it was very pleasant to come &quot;home&quot; to each day. I highly recommend it. It is a great value for the price. What more can I say? I wish all the places I stay in were like this.	
Oct 30 2008 	Great Place Great Staff	The best thing, among many good things, at the Hotel Du Fort is the helpfulness of the front desk and concierge. They always had great information about things to do and places to eat. The location is also great just off Catherine St., but far enough off that we did not notice any noise. The Hotel Du Fort is quite reasonably priced. We would definitely stay here again. If you are driving be sure to reserve a place in the underground garage. At $20 a day with in and out privileges it is steal.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great rooms views and location	My boyfriend and I spent a weekend at the Hotel du Fort over the summer. The location was perfect - we walked everywhere. We were very impressed with the size and cleanliness of the rooms. Would definitely stay again.	
Oct 21 2008	Excellent	We spent 4 nights here and thought it was fantastic. Our room was big with a kitchenette and sitting area and a decent size bathroom. The service was impeccable. We didn't have the breakfast so I can't comment on that. The location of the hotel is also good, only about 10 minutes walk from the Eaton Centre and 2 blocks from the Metro. There are some good restaurants nearby as well as a supermarket so everything is convenient. Highly recommended!	
Sep 2 2008	LOVED DU FORT	The Du Fort is ideally located only steps away from St Catherine's Street. VERY clean.With the exception of one crabby guy at reception the rest of the staff were friendly and helpful.A definite must and for the price .. it was a great deal!!!!!Will definitely stay at the Du Fort on our next trip back to Montreal.	
Aug 26 2008 	A first rate experience.	I have been at the hotel with my wife for a weekend at the end of our vacation. We found the staff to be friendly and really helpful on this our first visit to Montreal. They helped us plan our day, do the online check-in for our flight home, (and printed the boarding passes) and for an extra fee ($50) extended our checking-out time, essentially giving us another morning to explore the area.We stayed on the 10th floor {1011} - the view is fine and the room is unusually large (though probably one of the smaller ones). We agree that the hotel is a little way out from the centre but found the immediate area alive with all manner of characters and types. If this is a problem, take a taxi! We used the metro station on Guy and also Attwater though there is a bit of a walk at both ends of your journey whichever you use. There is the supermarket opposite the hotel which gives you the flexibility to use the kitchenette provided in the room. We also had two enjoyable meals at the pastaria at 1836A Ste Catherine O, just a block and a half away from the hotel; good value and treated like on of the family. The hotel is involved in the &quot;a la carte express&quot; scheme, so food can be ordered in if that suits.We slept very well, rarely disturbed by others and paid for our breakfast which was $10 + taxes. The hotel has recently added scrambled eggs (and beans - didn't try those) to the breakfast bar which gives it more variety but it is still not an English/American breakfast. The only slight negative we had was the microwave smelled of popcorn.TV in the room has a fair selection of French/English language channels and a selection of movies.We considered the hotel a real bargain, good value for money with excellent staff and would happily return.	
Aug 15 2008 	Little "outside" but definately worth it	We have been at the hotel for a whole week. i want to say that i have never seen such a polite, service oriented so wanting to help staff at the reception. Really. Anytime i needed them they were more then happy to help.We stayed at the 17th floor - the view is great.So, as i said at the title, the hotel is a little on the &quot;side&quot; and not the center BUT rue du fort is at the corner of Rue St. Catherine and that is a major shopping and restaurant street. a 10 min walk on that street and you are really downtown.The metro station is a 7 minute walk. You have a super market right next to teh hotel, a pharmacy, where to do your laundry, amc- movie hall, and right infront of the entrance of the hotel a 24 hour internet coffee. Hotel has a free internet connection at the business center, but it was busy most of the time i tried to be there..wireless is 10$ a day at the hotel.I had some issues with maintenance noise at 7 am and a maid who didnt give a damn, but issues were fixed immidiately.Continental breakfast is served on floor 2 and was quite nice and not expensive (~17$ per adult and half for a child).TV in the room has a nice selection of movies to choose from, should you want to.All in all - I thought the hotel is truely worth its price, its comforatble and excellent staff. I would come here again.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great first stay in Montreal!	We stayed at this hotel from July 18 - 21, 2008. We were in town for the purposes of attending a concert.LOCATION: Excellent. Close to the Metro which really is the best way to get a round Montreal during the day. A little west of the hotel was a bit of a sketchy area, but no one bothered us. Lots of great places to eat close by - especially recommend the Three Amigos about 2 blocks east of the hotel on St. Catherines. Great food, great price, and we love that we could go out to eat in Montreal at midnight on a Saturday night. Also loved Old Montreal. Amazing! Mont Royal Park was also a must see.ROOMS: Huge and really reasonable. The kitchenette was great, loved our view of the city from the 18th floor. Fireworks each night of the weekend were visible in the distance. Rooms were a bit dated in decor but nothing to complain about at all. Rooms exceptionally clean and great, prompt, friendly housekeeping every day.STAFF: The front desk staff was more than willing to spend time with you to let you know what to do in Montreal and how to get around, hail you a cab, or whatever else you needed.I really had no complaints whatsoever, will stay again if in Montreal!	
Jul 24 2008 	Well located comfortable hotel	I stayed at the Hotel du Fort for a week whilst at a conference. The hotel's location is good: near the bars, shops and restaurants of Rue St Catherine without being noisy. I walked to the conference centre each day (an interesting 30 minute walk) but got cabs back each night from various parts of the old town for about C$10 +tip.The room was large, clean and comfortable with excellent city views and powerful quiet airconditioning. Having a kitchenette in the room was great. Reception staff were helpful and efficient and managed to find me an emergency dentist.Only slight gripe was having to pay C$10.95/day for WiFi access: I would expect this to be free in this class of hotel.	
Jul 18 2008	Reasonably priced in a good location	Our room was on the 16th floor at the back of the hotel with a fantastic view over the city (especially magical when we returned at night). We had booked a classic room for our 2 night stay but it was really spacious. We opened a set of double doors expecting it to be another wardrobe and to our delight discovered a kitchenette with coffee/tea maker, microwave, fridge, sink and cupboard space - ideal if you wanted to eat a meal in the room. There was a small table and chairs by the window which made it more comfortable. We only made use of this facility once (for breakfast) but it was useful to have. N.B. You have to ask on Reception for cutlery. The staff were friendly and helpful when it came to providing city and metro maps. Although the location was near to shops and restaurants the rue du Fort itself was not at all noisy. The hotel is within easy walking distance of the Bonaventure metro station and a very short and reasonably priced taxi ride to the VIA rail station where we took the train to Quebec City.	
Jun 3 2008 	Decent Stay	A small group of friends and I stayed at the Hotel Du Fort in Montreal over Memorial Day Weekend. Check in was smooth as the front desk clerk was very polite and quick with the check in process. My initial hopes of the hotel was extremely high as the lobby seemed to have a semi- luxurious feel to it as the hotel website portrays. Unfortunately, upon checking into my room my expectations of a luxurious stay were let down somewhat. The room which I believe was the next in line upgrade over a standard room was large enough in design and very clean, but lacked any luxury features I expected from what the hotel website photos portrayed. My biggest let down was there was only one picture on the wall and a 80‘s type feel to the décor and wall paper. Fortunately, after the initial let down the rest of the stay was pleasant. The hotel staff always smiled when walking by the front desk or passing in hall , and always asked if there was anything they could do for me or my friends. As for room comfort the beds were comfortable and the AC worked great. The bathroom was large enough and the shower although a bit dated was very clean and worked well. The location of the hotel could not be better as we were close to all the nightlife and restaurants of Rue Crescent and short cab ride away from Rue St-Laurent. Overall if you do not expect luxury standards and value cleanliness location and friendly employees you will enjoy your stay at Hotel DuFort.	
May 22 2008 	Front Desk Staff are the Greatest!	From we arrived at the hotel, we were made to feel welcome and special by the front desk staff. During our stay, the front desk staff were always relaxed, accommodating and friendly. As I was not familiar with Montreal, they gave us good tips on where to go, where to eat, where to shop, etc. Kathleen and I particularly enjoyed the buffet breakfast as I am a picky eater. The room was huge and the bathroom clean and of the average size so it seems smaller by comparison with the huge room.	
Apr 28 2008 	Thoroughly Enjoable Stay	To celebrate my wife's birthday, we decided to plan a weekend trip to Montreal, and booked our stay at the Hotel du Fort.This was our first stay at this particular hotel and we were most happy with our choice. The staff from the Front Desk person to the housekeepers we met each morning in the hallways, were always quick with a warm smile and a hello, and made us feel very welcomed. Our room, while not the largest we've stayed in was clean, modern, and well equipped.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hotel du Fort and would not hesitate to recommend this particular inn to other travellers.	
Feb 24 2008 	Great Staff - Good Enough Stay	The concierge staff were very friendly and helpful &amp; the room was your average hotel room. We had some problems with the plumbing &amp; were not impressed that our room was entered without permission to deal with it. We didn't realize there was a problem yet. We had stepped out for lunch &amp; were surprised to see the lights shut off &amp; a note waiting to advice us of the entry. I had let me guard down &amp; left a lot of cash on the table. None of it was taken, it just left me a little uncomfortable.If I had to do it again, I'd consider the hotel because the rate is reasonable, but I might book a different hotel to be a few blocks further down St.Catherines.Otherwise, I don't see much wrong with this place.	
Jan 6 2008	Hotel du Fort Satisfaction overrides Jazz Fest Dissappointment...	Hotel Du Fort get-a-way has become an annual tradition for myself, my husband, my brother and his wife. Last year's get-a-way included the Jazz Festival in early July. The Festival turned out to be more Hype than Jazz, disapppointing to the most dedicated attendees. But we counted on the usual expected hospitality of the Hotel du Forte to return to each day, and wake up to each morning. The restaurant served a full Breakfast Buffet, each morning, not stale muffins and hard bagels, but fresh fruit, fresh baked goods, an array of breakfast foods, including exceptional toasted granola, yogurt and more. Tables were set with cloth napkins, tablecloths, and a smiling waiter or waittress to pick up empty dishes, and greet each of us good morning, and pour coffee. I must add that since our reserved room was not ready upon our arrival, we were graciously awarded an upgrade to an exceptionally spacious suite ...which enhanced our stay immeasurably. Overall, I always enjoy our stay at this hotel, especially since the 4-star accommodations are very reasonable, if you don't mind a brief &quot;colorful&quot; walk to the downtown area, or a short bus ride to the Old Town Montreal cafes, Cathedrals, etc. The advantage is that you can park your vehicle in the attached garage upon arrival, and not get into it again until you leave Montreal. Did I also mention for cyberspace junkies there is a Cyber cafe directly across the street, open 24 hours daily? Oh, yes, and a fully stocked local market at the corner, just in case you need something after the restaurant is closed. Hotel du Fort has become a wonderful family tradition!	
Dec 2 2007 	A great find just a bit out of the way	A great hotel with efficient service and reasonable rates. I loved the spacious rooms, well thought of touches like wine glasses, dishes and utensils and an extra half bath in the premium king suite. Overall it was a great experience in a very clean room providing everything one could want in a not luxury, but close to luxury hotel. The room was a tad bland and there was not alot of character in the decor, but it is Montreal and everything we were there to enjoy was not in the hotel room. A wonderful city that I will continue to visit every year for the best shopping, dining and fun (in the Village) that can be had in Canada.	
Nov 26 2007 	Perfect for what we needed at the very last minute	My husband received 4 tix to the Habs/Sabres game on Friday night, for Saturday's game at Bel Centre Club Desjardins. They were awesome tickets.So, we packed up the kids and went.Got to greater Montreal, out by P.E. Trudeau airport, and started looking at our GPS lodging listings. Hotel du Fort came up, I looked at the listing on Tripadvisor, saw it was #17 of over 100 hotels in the area, bang, we chose it.The front desk was helpful with recommendations about taxis vs metro vs walking, bang-on accurate every time. We had breakfast and parking included, which was terrific. Even the parking garage was warm.The room was spacious and clean. Comfortable, they put us on the 17th floor with a great view. The only thing missing was a pool, but honestly, we didn't have the time to go for a swim. I asked for extra pillows and they were at my door within 5 minutes; this at 10:00pm on Saturday night, delivered with a bright smile.Breakfast was quite good. No hot items on the buffet, but that was okay; the balance of it was very tasty, the breads were terrific. Hard boiled eggs were a hit with my kids. The children were made very welcome, which was nice, but it wasn't a Disney-esque experience. I'd have been perfectly happy to go there on a quick romantic getaway with hubby.All in all we were very happy to have chosen it, and I would recommend it without concern.	
Nov 16 2007 	Great location	Stayed for 3 nights. Great location. Grocery store across the street, metro (subway) 3 blocks away, shopping on St. Catherines street around the corner. What more could you ask. The room had a queen size bed, lots of space, kitchenette with included fridge, microwave and coffee maker. You can get cutlery from the front desk or go the the Dollarama on St Catrherines St and get plastic dishes and cutlery (which we did) The gym had the basic cardio machines. Went early and it was busy. Great way to work off the french pastries. Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 22 2007 	Just what I expected	My fiance and I stayed here for 3 nights and it was just as everyone said in their reviews. The room was clean and spacious. The bathroom was clean and bright. We weren't given a voucher for breakfast so we did pay the $10/person charge but it was still good. Your basic: bagels, muffins, cereals, croissants and cheese. I personally think the location was great. It's right on St. Catherine where all the shops are. We basically hung out on Crescent (about 6 blocks) all weekend - we are in our late 20's. Parking was $17 a day but I felt that it was secure there. I would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 19 2007 	Excellent hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Du Fort for 3 days.It was a little awkward to get to by car, but thanks to GPS, we had an easier time. Once you enter the hotel, you quickly appreciate a well run hotel employing very capable staff. We were able to dump off our luggage and return the rental car with little difficulty.The room itself was very nice, quiet, and included a fridge and microwave. It was well maintained. The front desk staff was very helpful with directions to the metro, and recommendations for restaurants, all nearby, which were excellent (Alpenhaus, Le Paris and Au Bistro Gourmet).There are all sorts of cafes, drug stores, and grocery stores nearby.We had a great stay at Hotel Du Fort and the quality of the accommodation was a major factor.	
Oct 14 2007 	Lovely Hotel and Staff	Charming boutique style hotel one block off one of the major streets filled with super shopping and wonderful restaurants. My husband and I even walked to Old Montreal and back to the hotel without any problem. The hotel staff is extremely helpful and friendly. The hotel is spacious and clean and very quiet. My only recommendation is to bring your own haridryer. They do provide one but it is in an inconvenient place. Other than that the hotel is perfect.	
Sep 28 2007	Five Star Hotel for a Three Star Price	We had a fabulous stay at the Hotel du Fort. The front desk staff welcomed our family and made us feel at home and the service staff was wonderful. The room was very spacious and spotless with all the amenities. The hotel is situated on a quiet street. The free internet access on the second floor was a bonus for our daughters. Great meals were to be had within easy walking distance of the hotel. An easy walk down St Catherines for lots of great shopping. We would definately stay here again.	
Sep 17 2007 	Sweet Suite Deal	After Best Western Europa failed to honor their price online we booked a suite using Tourisme Montreal [--] for $145 plus tax. The hotel is right on St Catherine and just Blocks away from the Bell Centre and Crescent St dining. The Metro is a 2 blocks away in the other direction so a car is not needed. Hotel rooms are on the 10th floor and up with offices in between. Our room had a great view south to the river. Parking is extra ($17) as is the continental breakfast ($10). There is a gym but we only stayed one night so did not try it. Ther is no restaurant in the hotel but room service will bring food from local restaurants if desired. The suite was large and comfortable with a fridge microwave and coffee maker and a sofa bed suitable for children to sleep on. We have spent much more for a room with much less in Downtown Montreal Great deal for the price.	
Sep 11 2007 	Staff made things right	My wife and I stayed here as a base to run in the Montreal Marathon. Upon arrival I was told that the room type I reserved (I had the confirmation in hand) was no longer available. I could settle for a smaller bed or a smoking room. I pointed out that it was 40 minutes after the listed check in time and doubted that everyone else had checked in before me. I insisted on the room type I reserved or a refund to the price of the lesser room.I was provided my parking voucher (included in the price of the room I booked) and asked to check at the desk once I parked my car. The desk clerk apologized for the inconvenience and provided me with a key to a, no additional cost upgrade, suite.The hotel isn't fancy but it is quiet, CLEAN and had a very friendly staff. They made their error right and offered an apology. We found the walk to Crescent Street to be easy and refreshing. No worries about safety and had the weather turned bad the metro was only a block and a half.Overall this was a pleasant experience and I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 11 2007 	Large room good location good price	Stayed 3 nights at this hotel.Room was large, comfortable and clean with a killer downtown view. Room was a bit dated and was surprised hotel was only 15 years old.Location was good with plenty of restaurants, cafes and bars nearby. Would recommend L'Paris on Catherine and for cheap eat of rosterrie chicken would recommend Scores further along.To get to Old Town was a 40 min walk and to walking along Catherine (beside the hotel) for 15 mins will bring you to start of shopping area. Latin Quarter is 30-35 min walk. Overall a good stay and would recommend. Montreal is a great city, very lively. Best city in Canada imo.	
Sep 7 2007 	tidy but not fancy	I stayed at the last 2 weekends of August. It is clean and tidy but not elegant. The facilities are minimal. Actually, it is at the upper floors of a hotel/school complex. It locates at the west end of the busy district. Subway to go downtown is close by but you need to good through a tunnel (which is slightly smelly and somebody sleeps there at night). Taxi to go downtown is around $10.If you choose the signature room, it is pretty spacious with a queen and sofa beds almost at the same price. Some rooms have a pretty good view of downtown. If you book through AAA/CAA, it costs you a premium but includes parking and breakfast. Depending on the number of occupants, it may worth it.You need to register in the hotel before you can go to the building parking. However, there is no parking space in front of the hotel.	
Sep 3 2007 	Decent price decent room	We stayed for 3 nights at Hotel Du Fort and had an okay time. We were using the hotel as a launching point for day trips throughout Montreal, but there didn't seem to be much going on near the hotel. It was very expensive overnight parking, and we should have included that in our hotel price.The hotel was very clean and comfortable, but also very outdated in furnishings. The room decor was clearly worn, but again very clean. A desk station, coffeetable and 2 chairs plus a mirror vanity in addition to the bed and bathroom. Pretty spacious, just not what we were expecting.	
Aug 30 2007	Great Stay good price	My family and I booked this last minute. The hotel is downtown, but a little far from the hustle and bustle of the main St. Catherines area. It's about a 15 minuite walk. Too far though to walk to Vieux Montreal ( but most downtown hotels are). Unfortunately the metro was closed because of repairs so we had to use the Georges Vanier station vs. Atwater or Guy. Which turned out to be more convenient going to Old Montreal. The hotel itself isn't spectacular but nothing bad at all, except it doesn't have a restaurant but has a breakfast and lounge area. The service was good, housekeeping was a little slow.There is a good Persian restaurant two blocks east on St. Catherines across from the drug mart. There is also a small shopping centre at the corner of Atwater and St. Catherines ( about 2 blocks west of the hotel.) As well there is a nice small area a 10, 15 min. walk west on St. Catherines past Atwater, north on Greene.( in westmount). If you walk south on rue du Fort and across from the Canadian Center for Architecture there is a sculpture park with a nice view of south Montreal. Lastly, before booking your hotel room with any online site like expedia, call the hotel and ask the price for a room, it may turn out to be cheaper, ask if you can get breakfast or parking for free. Remember to be careful the area ( as most of downtown Montreal) can get slightly rough.	
Aug 20 2007 	Pleasant for the price	My friend and I stayed at the Hotel du Fort for 4 nights during the week (Tues-Friday). For the price (the AAA rate - which included parking AND breakfast) it was well worth the stay. The room was clean, the hotel is in a decent location, and every single person on the staff was friendly.Never having traveled to Montreal, it was a shot in the dark...but an excellent choice! It's only a few short blocks from Cresent St. which has many restaurants to choose from. There are also many places to eat on St. Catherine so one never goes hungry! It's also only a few blocks from the subway. It seems to be a more business oriented hotel so we found it nice and quiet at night and not terribly busy. I would definitely stay there again and recommend it to others.	
Aug 11 2007 	Classy gem in west section of downtown Montreal!	We arrived too early to check in but our luggage was kept safe by the helpful clerk in a locked room so we could enjoy our Montreal adventure right away. No sooner had I been waiting for our car to be parked by my traveling companion did the concierge strike up a conversation with me, inquiring about my hometown and then exchanging playful banter about our CFL teams. Sean was great and very knowledgeable - he had us hooked up with a tour departing from our hotel in just an hour's time, recommended restaurants for lunch and attractions in the area. After our tour we returned to the hotel and checked in properly. Our room on the 11th floor had a lovely view of downtown. It was a very generous size and was c lean and comfortable. The only downside was that we were located right in the middle of the corridor so that we could hear a lot of elevator traffic and more particularly, the ice machine going sometimes late at night. Otherwise, it was very quiet and the staff were wonderful. Everyone was fully bilingual so there were no problems with the staff not understanding English. Being located where it was, we had a quick and easy escape from the downtown towards Toronto on the morning of our departure as it is right up the street from a highway exit. It is also near to the Metro so we were able to catch a bus to the Oratory and the Metro down to Vieux Montreal on a $9 tourist STM pass. Well worth it to not have to worry about parking and driving in Montreal! I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 10 2007	Good Hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights with my 2 young children and husband. Our overall experience with the hotel was excellent. The staff were very pleasant and helpful and EVERYONE (including housekeeping) spoke English. The room, ours was a prestige suite, was spacious, clean and neutral and we had a lovely view. The kitchenette area had plates, etc. which was perfect to fix breakfast or a snack for the kids. I brought a couple bags of microwave pop corn which held them over before a later dinner. The only issue was the location. Yes, it is conveniant. You can walk to many places, but the neighbourhood is a little seedy. Also the parking lot is designed for small cars, so be careful if you go in a full sized SUV. The breakfast was well priced at a promo price of $10, but at the regular price, it isn't.	
Aug 4 2007 	Not a restful stay	Yes, it is a nice hotel in the western fringe of downtown Montreal. The room is UNusually big but the bathroom is comparatively small with very little space to put toiletries on. As a whole it is nicely decorated and the complimentary breakfast was very good.What bothered me is that they put us up on the 10th floor next to the exercise room. At 7 o'clock in the morning, we were wakened by a thumping sound that continued unabated. We thought somebody broke the rule by using the exercise room too early. I went out to take a look and to my surprise, on the door the sign read &quot;opening hours 6:30am to 11:00pm&quot;. At the time of reservation I had specfied a quiet room. How can they put us up in such a room which is subject to noise in the early and late hours? I complained to the manager and no apology was given. All he said, &quot;They shouldn't have given you this room. Please do me a favour. Fill out a comment form as you check out&quot;. Obviously, tired and stressed out , the day in Montreal was somewhat spoiled as we headed to Quebec city that evening.We used the parking garage next door. It wasn't cheap, $17 a day. It annoyed me a great deal because the garage door opened a mere few seconds after inserting the parkcard. By the time I pulled the card out, put the car in gear to drive in, the door closed down on me. I had to try several times before I made it through. When exiting the garage, I didn't know I had to insert the parkcard in again and the door refused to open.	
Jul 31 2007	A Nice Hotel	The parking garage was clean, safe, and very easily accesible from the hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was large, clean, and comfortable with a nice view of the city and the Mont Royal. The hotel is very close to two metro stations so getting around is easy. It's also close to the highway so we didn't have to drive in downtown Montreal for very long. Skip the breakfast-we've had much better free continental breakfasts at the Hampton and Marriott. This breakfast isn't worth the money.	
Jul 22 2007 	Great Hotel for the price	We stayed at Hotel Du Fort for three nights and found everything just wonderful. The staff was great, they were super friendly and went out of their way to be helpful.The room was extremely clean.Everyday we came back to a super clean room. The location was great, just a little walk from the main attractions but we liked it that way. Our room was on the 11th floor and it was exceptionally quiet.The microwave and refrigerator was great, it helped save us some money. The morming coffe and tea was a bonus. We didn't eat at the hotel so we can't comment on that. We will definitely stay here again. This is the first review I ever wrote but we liked it so much I'd like to pass the compliments along.We thought it was a great Hotel for the price.	
Jul 2 2007 	Absolutely lovely	I stayed at the Hotel du Fort for a weekend break during a business trip to Southern Ontario in October 2006.What a little gem of a hotel! Staff were wonderful during my very late check-in, dealing with me very professionally, while at the same time gently chasing away a rather inebriated young woman who had followed a young man back to the hotel....*grin*The room was wonderfully comfortable, and the tiny kitchenette was perfect for some snacks &amp; bevs picked up at the nearby Provigo.The continental breakfast included in my room rate was excellent, but would not have been worth the quoted price. The little raisin rolls were very good though, so maybe....Staff were professional and attentive, and happily switched between French and English without hesitation (great for this unfortunately unilingual western Canadian).I'd happily stay there again, and in fact, hope to sneak away from another business trip this fall for a weekend in Montreal at the Hotel du Fort!	
Jul 1 2007 	Nice price and location	The Hotel du Fort has a nice location in downtown Montreal. The hotel is clean, well-staffed, and overall a solid choice in the area. The rooms were nice and modern but felt like a hotel. Although there are no real bells and whistles at this hotel, I really appreciated that - it allowed my husband and I to use it as a hotel and get out and explore the city. A tip: Definitely check the hotel's website - I found a much better price there than at the travel websites (e.g., Orbitz).	
Jun 18 2007	Excellent Service	I was very impressed during my stay at Hotel du Fort - the staff were extremely professional, helpful and very friendly. The rooms were clean, comfortable and spacious. The location is very convenient - near the metro, grocery stores....The staff were awesome, and calls and requests to the front desk were answered promptly and quickly (ie requesting cutlery). The rooms have a kitchenette which is really handy to have. There are some great features like a large screen TV in the common area where breakfast is served, as well as a couch and a library. The continental breakfast was quite decent as well. For a picky traveller, must say that I was very pleased with my stay at Hotel du Fort - I felt so well taken care of, I almost didn't want to go home! I would highly recommend Hotel du Fort to anyone looking for a place to stay in downtown Montreal.	
Jun 16 2007 	Would be a great hotel at twice the price	Even after reading the positive reviews, the Hotel Du Fort exceeded my expectations. This hotel is a find - great location, spacious and nicely done rooms, good breakfast, and professional, friendly, accommodating staff - all at more than reasonable rates.The only strange thing was that, with the way the room was set up, you couldn't watch the TV from the sitting area, only from the bed. Not a big deal.I would definitely stay here again, and recommend it to anyone.	
May 29 2007 	Nice hotel in a great location	We stayed at Hotel Du Fort from 5/25 - 527. We had a large, clean, corner room on the 12th floor. It had a kitchenette, a sitting area, and a king size bed. Since it was a corner it had 3 large windows on two sides. It was a non-smoking room but someone definitley smoked in there at some point. Musty smoke odor but not that bad. Location is great! It is right on St Catherine St so it is never far to a bar or restuarant. Cresent St is only about 4-5 blocks away. The hotel staff is very nice and helpful! Parking is expensive at about $17 a day Canadian	
May 21 2007	A great find in Montreal	Only able to stay in Montreal one night, we considered ourselves so lucky to have booked the Hotel du Fort. The hotel and its employees exceeded our expectations. We had a huge, clean, corner room with fantastic views. The genial, helpful staff helped us take advantage of the hotel's great location,	
Apr 23 2007 	Great deal great stay great hotel!!	We booked a room with king size bed and when we got there, they bumped us to an executive suite for only and extra $20! Suite had 2 rooms, with private hallway, kitchenette (with small fridge, plates, glasses, etc. all spotless). Had plama tv and couch in one room and another tv in the other (although couldn't figure out how to turn it on...but we could have called). Bed sheets spotless and great reallyyy comfortable bed. Bathroom clean too! Great size room...all for about $120 US dollars. Parking in underground safe garage, cost about $17 Canadian dollars. Concierge helpful and friendly! Near Catherine Street and about 5 minute drive from Old Montreal. Would definitely go again.	
Apr 11 2007 	Would certainly stay again	Very Comfortable room.. not really modern. Right downtown, close to everything (shopping, Movie Theatre &amp; Bell Centre)Convenient underground safe parking	
Mar 26 2007 	An affordable oasis in the city!	We decided to stay at the Hotel Du Fort after many positive reviews here on Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed! It is located on Saint Catherine St. which is the main downtown drag. You have access to a multitude of grocery stores and restaurants all within walking distance. If you plan on taking the Metro (which we recommend) instead of driving, you are located between Atwater and Guy-Concordia station. Each are about a 5-10 min walk away.The staff was very professional and we were even able to check in early. The front desk staff and concierge gave us a lot of great info about restaurants and must-see's in Montreal. On departure, they stored our luggage and called us a taxi ahead of time so we would not have to wait. The rooms are spacious and very clean with a small kitchentte and fridge. The beds were very comfortable and we did not have one complaint about our room. Overall, it was a wonderful experience that we would gladly repeat. If you're looking for clean, comfortable accomodations located in downtown Montreal that is reasonably priced, do not hesitate to stay here!	
Mar 19 2007 	Amazing	This place was a great place to stay! My boyfriend and I went to Montreal for our first time and stayed at Hotel du Fort. From the first moment we got there until we left we didn't have a single issue. We arrived earlier than our room was ready so the concierge stored our luggage while we walked around Rue Ste. Catherine. The hotel was in the perfect spot and we had a nice view of Downtown Montreal. The metro was a 5-10 minute walk on a very cold day. We walked to the Atwater station, though Guy Concordia is close as well. Every single staff member was nice and helpful. There was one concierge, I wish I knew his name, that helped us find the best night spots, restaurants and happenings around the city. The rooms were lovely and comfortable. Given the chance, I will stay in Hotel du Fort the next trip I make to Montreal. I won't go anywhere else.	
Mar 14 2007 	Surprised By All the Glowing Reviews	Having read many glowing reviews about Hotel du Fort, I was feeling pretty good about my stay. The hotel was just OK.Pros:Close to the Guy-Concordia stop on the MetroStones throw from Rue Ste. CatherineSupermarket (Provigo) across the street and another market 1/2 block awayPrice ($63 USD/night through Expedia)Cons:The room (drab, tired, musty smell, dusty)Apparently this hotel is popular with tour groups that cater to teens and 20-somethings. It felt like I was the only person on my floor not affiliated with this particular group. The floor sounded like a college dorm, even at 3:00 AM. One of the staff was telling me that this particular group was one of the better ones. Yikes!	
Mar 5 2007 	Hotel Du Fort was toatlly worth it	Hotel Du Fort was great, it was very centrally located and 2 blocks from the train station and around the corner from Rue ste catherine which has bars, clubs, restaurants, everything. Taxi's are easily accessible and the hotel staff are super helpful with directions, calling taxis and general information.	
Feb 13 2007	Amazing!!!	I found this Hotel by complate chance. As soon as I visited their website I was hooked! Being a frist time solo traveler (i am only 18..) I was nervous at how the hotel staff was going to respind to me and my boyfriend, and our 3 guy friends staying there. The second that we stepped out of the cabs the staff was so helpful. Eveytime we walked through the lobby the Concierge were always there to point us in the right direction. We only experianced one problem. For the first night we were put in the wrong room. But as soon as I relized the mistake, the staff took care of it, and we were in out new room very quickly.Overall I would recomend this Hotel to anyone. It is in an ideal spot for tourists, just a few blocks away from shopping, bars, and clubs. And only a short cab ride away from old Montreal!	
Oct 11 2006 	Great hotel great staff great location	I have just returned from a weekend (holiday) at the Hotel Du Fort. The hotel is great and has such good service. We stayed on the 11th floor with its own ice and pop machines and one floor above the gym and snack machine. I wasn't sure just what to expect at breakfast, but it was a lovely continental spread with cheeses, pastries etc. The staff were very knowledgeable and gave great dinner suggestions. They also had maps and the official tourist guide for Montreal, all of which was very helpful in planning the day. Check out was at 12noon, but had a cab come to meet us at the hotel at 1:00 as we had to be at the airport for 1:45pm. They stored our baggage for us while we walked along St. Catherines St. one last time before going home. All in all, the Du Fort is great, and I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Sep 28 2006	great location	We stayed at the Hotel du Fort for 4 nights in September 2006 and had a great time. The staff was friendly, the room was clean and what I liked the most was to have my own make-up mirror. We were on the 18th floor, therefore the view was absolutely wonderful at night. The kitchenette is small but cozy. The room is a good size. My only complaint would be that the bed is a bit to hard for my liking. The location is great because youre close to the boutiques and restaurants. I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 26 2006 	Hotel Du Fort---GREAT PLACE TO STAY :)	Just got back from staying at the Hotel Du Fort. WE HAD THE BEST TIME. The hotel was clean--hotel staff very nice. We are going to make this a yearly trip now. The location couldn't be better. It is located in the middle of 3 metros--all within a few blocks. You can be in Old Montreal via metro in @10 minutes at the most. We used the metros every day....traveled everywhere in Montreal...saw everything...and had a great time. Eat late --this is the city that never sleeps...seriously! If you love beer and food....Montreal is the place to go. Also, visit the Cock N Bull Pub--local bands play on Thursday and Friday nights--located on St. Catherine. Best place to eat is Cine Express --about 1/2 block on St. Catherine. Grocery store has everything you will need for breakfast, etc.... However Cine Express is very cheap....huge portions and great food...serves breakfast--stays open until @2:00 am.Can't wait to go back. Have fun--we did :)	
Sep 23 2006 	Du Fort a comfortable and convenient hotel	My wife and I had a delightful stay here for 5 nights in early September. Hotel staff is friendly and helpful with directions, reservations, and booking tours. Parking is underneath hotel (separate charge of $15 or so per night). Expect to carry your own bags; carts are available. The room was $135C per night plus 14% taxes. Our room was clean, quiet, and comfortable, with the bathroom and closet a little on the small side. Flat screen TV was in good working order with the usual selection of recent pay per view films ($12.99C). There is no restaurant but a buffet breakfast is available each morning. We passed on this since our room had a mini-kitchen with microwave, sink, coffeemaker, and dishes and silverware. There is a well-stocked grocery store almost across the street. Also, there is a newstand and a breakfast/lunch place in the building that is not a part of the hotel. Location is great on the west side of town just off one of the main east/west streets (St. Catherine). Restaurants (bistros, Iranian, Japanese, etc.), groceries, post office, stores, a movie megaplex are all within easy walking distance (less than 2 blocks). There are a lot of colleges and technical schools in the area so there are lots of students thronging the streets. The retail is mixed (not the high end) but neighborhood is very safe to walk around in during the day or evening. Metro (green line) is about 3 blocks in either direction. Would we stay there again/recommend to others? Definitely, yes.	
Jul 15 2006	Good Accomo for a family	Not a bad place to stay.Good: NIce sized room. Quiet. Friendly staffBad: At the far western edge of the downtown district. Needs a bit of updating.	
Jul 14 2006	Loved It!	I booked this hotel through their website after checking Tripadvisor (of course). They offered a AAA rate of $149 CA which included parking ($16/per day) and continental breakfast ($13.00). What a pleasant surprise! The hotel was clean, the room large and had a small compact kitchen which came in handy for dinner leftovers. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Location was great - we parked the car in the hotel lot and never moved it. The Atwater Metro was a few blocks in one direction and the Guy-Concordia Metro a few blocks in another direction. The hotel is half a block from St. Catherine's Street - the main drag through Montreal. We walked or took Metro everywhere we wanted to go with no problems whatsoever. Many ethnic restaurants and cafes well within walking distance. At no time did we feel threatened walking the streets, no matter what time it was. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 10 2006	Spacious rooms good deal	First, a word of caution. If you happen to be arriving on Canada Day (July 1), note that Montreal's Canada Day parade starts on du Fort street. You may be delayed in driving/parking until later in the afternoon. No worries though, as the rest of our stay was excellent. Very large, spacious rooms. The appointments in the room were above average, if not unspectacular. Nice flat screen tvs. Small lobby, helpful staff. Well within walking distance of Metro stops and many downtown spots.	
May 1 2006	off the beaten track good value	My family of two adults and two teens booked this hotel through their website. We arrived after 5 pm. I was pleasantly surprised. Clean and very quiet, in an urban neighborhood. Not a tourist area. The breakfast at the du Fort was too expensive for four. Convenient - Post office, grocery stores, and internet cafe across the street. Little fridge and microwave in the room. Walk to transportation, walk to car rental, shops and restaurants. We really liked the ethnic dining options nearby. I found the desk staff very helpful in contrast to some other reviewers. Always call to re-confirm and get the manager's name.	
Apr 14 2006 	Budget not Boutique	I travel to Montreal regularly on business and thought I would give it a try since they were offering pretty reasonable rates. This is a hotel catering to the budget tourist or anyone else looking for an inexpensive stay downtown.Pro'sReasonable rates Spacious and well equipped rooms with safe, windows you can open and a kitchenetteCon'sOdd-ball location in Concordia University ghettoOnly two elevatorsInsufficient and indifferent staffBland room designsSmall bathroomsNot particularly cleanSimilar hotels in the downtown include the Marriott Residence,Le Cantile Suites and the Phillips Square. Of these the Phillips Square gets my vote.	
Jan 8 2006	Excellent Hotel	I originally stayed at the Hotel Du Fort in Montreal about 10 years ago, yet my recollection of the quality of the hotel was vague. For whatever reason, I decided to stay there on our most recent trip to Montreal, just to try something new ... and I was blown away with the curteous staff, the quality of the room, the overall cleanliness of the lobby and our room and, most of all, the value for our money ( ie. $135 per night in the heart of downtown Montreal). The location is ideal ... park your car and leave it ... everything is accessible either by foot, inexpensive taxi, or subway ...Every aspect of our stay at Hotel Du Fort was positive ... I've now switched allegiances from my former &quot;regular&quot; hotel accommodations in Montreal.	
Dec 28 2005	Great location!	Don't let the austere and rather bland facade fool you; this is an understated but elegant hotel located right downtown.You would never guess this hotel used to be an office building - there is much warmth and charm offered in the cozy, attractive and exceptionallty clean rooms that offer great views of the cityMy husband and I stayed here recently, and I really loved this hotel not only for its ambience, but for its GREAT DOWNTOWN LOCATION. Not only are you just a few blocks away from the metro (subway), but you are also within walking distance to several excellent restaurants that offer a variety of cuisine from Thai, to Italian, to Indian, Schezwan, Mexican, French.. and so much more.Most rooms are equipped with a small kitchenette (mini-fridge and microwave), and although breakfast is included in the guest lounge (2nd floor), there is a very excellent grocery store (Provigo) located just around the corner from the hotel (on Ste Catherine St.) which is open until 2:00AM. On the opposite corner is a major post office (so convenient for mailing those postcards and gifts to the folks back home!) - and if you are travelling with a laptop, high-speed internet access is only $9.95Cdn for 24hr access. Left your laptop at home? Not to worry, because there is an internet cafe right across the street from the hotel!! (it is called &quot;Battle.Net&quot; if I remember correctly).Unique Qualities:There is no pool, but the hotel has recently added a small gym and excercise room, but I haven't had to opportunity to check it out. They also have excellent conference facilities and a small buffet breakfast lounge area. The buffet breakfast is nothing fancy - your typical juices, fresh fruit, cereals (hot and cold), croissants, bagels, toast, muffins, tea and coffee. The croissants are outstanding. And all layed out in a very attractive and quiet setting. The wide screen TV is set to CNN and local news, but it is set back in a corner of the room and not so blaringly loud as to disturb those who enjoy a quiet breakfast. Newspapers (both local and the New York Times) are complimentary also.The views of the Montreal skyline at night, and the mighty Saint Lawrence river in the background are well worth the rates alone.Speaking of rates, they are fairly reasonable compared to the other downtown hotels in the area. We paid $125.00 Cdn a night/per room during a weekend stay (March 2003) in a standard room, breakfast included.My only complaint about this hotel is the rather plain bathrooms, with standard size bathtubs. They're Ok I guess - pretty much what you'd expect of any standard hotel bathroom - but I love a good soak at the end of the day in a big whirlpool/jacuzzi type bathtub, and it's a shame more hotels don't offer this feature.Still, in my opinion - definately worth the money in comparison to other hotels in this area.Hotel web site: www.hoteldufort.com/	
Nov 21 2005	Won't go back	When we arrived, we were told that our room wasn't available, as the previous people had not vacated it. When we explained we had a reservation that we had made several months previously (it was our honeymoon), we were told there was nothing that they could do. We stood and argued for approximately 30 minutes, and finally were given a room. Horrible experience. The room was nice enough, but I wouldn't risk getting told they wouldn't honour our reservation again. We won't go back.	
Oct 23 2005	Great value.	This hotel is a great value. My wife and I spent there to nights, the room was very big and very clan. The bathroom was huge and the room had an impressive view over Montreal downtown.	
Oct 10 2005	Will recommend Hotel du Fort and return	Had a great stay at the Hotel du Fort. It's in the middle of a busy, lively part of the city, where people live and work. Our best meals in Montreal were within easy walking distance of the hotel (Le Paris and Bistro Gourmet--both great food and friendly service). Good access to the Metro to get everywhere, although walking distances aren't that bad, with good sightseeing along the way. We had very good service from the hotel staff, thought our room was attractive and comfortable and found the continental breakfast very good, although chocolate stuffed croissants didn't help my weight!	
Aug 19 2005	Disappointing	We arrived at 5pm to check-in and both receptionists were on the phone taking reservations. After close to a 10-minute wait, one finished and started to check us in (with no apology for the long wait), but then the phone rang, and she left us there waiting while she took another reservation.We had booked a king deluxe suite with sleeper sofa because we were a party of 4 (3 adults and 1 child). However, the room was stocked with 2 bath towels, and there was no bedding for the sofa bed. We also had to call the front desk to get a light bulb replaced because the one in the lamp was burned out.We did however have a good laugh at the parking garage. It's located next door to the hotel and is closed at night except for hotel guests who must swipe their pass at the cardreader for the gate to go up. The funny part is that the cardreader is located so close to the gate that there isn’t space to drive all the way up and roll down your window to swipe the card. You have to stop your car before you get to the machine, get out of the car, and swipe the card. But do it quickly, because the gate only gives you a couple of seconds to go through before it shuts again. We felt like we were on Candid Camera.	
Aug 15 2005	Never stay here	If you make a reservation at the Hotel Du Fort, you run the risk of having it refused when you arrive.I would never recommend to anyone that they should stay at this hotel.We had a reservation during the Montreal Just for Laughs festival. During this time in Montreal, it is notoriously difficult to get accomodations, so we reserved our stay at the Du Fort two weeks in advance. We received a confirmation number and we were looking forward to a pleasent stay based on the reviews on this website.When we arrived, they told us they did not have our reservation.We showed them the receipt and confirmation number and they claimed that they never received it from their hotel chain management. They refused us accomodations because they said they were fully booked, and they could not find us alternative accomodations because the whole city was fully booked. We had to impose on an aquaintance of ours and sleep on a couch.Compounding this, they billed my credit card for the night. It has been a month since this, and I have still not seen a refund for this amount.I would suggest to anyone looking to stay at this hotel that they make arrangements elsewhere. There is no excuse for not honoring a booked reservation. We've contacted the hotel chain management, and they said that the hotel definitely received the reservation, but most likely decided to bump us because another guest wished to extend their stay an additional night at a higher rate.This is completely inexcusable. I write this review so that others will hopefully read it before booking a reservation that may not be honored.Again, if you make a reservation at the Hotel Du Fort, you run the risk of having it refused when you arrive.	
Aug 14 2005	Great Value Location	Hotel du fort was a great value in montreal during the jazz festival. The hotel staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Our room was sufficient for two people and liked having a hidden kitchenette. It was a bit noisy having a room near the elevator and vending machine though. Hotel was close to 2 subway stops which we used constantly and felt very safe walking at night. While the hotel is kind of on the edge of downtown, we found the location great and quiet and walkable to restaurants, shops and public transportation (bus and subway). I would stay here again.	
Aug 3 2005	Just OK	This hotel was OK, but nothing to get over-enthusiatic about. It is not in the best location, being a fair distance from the old town. The neighborhood is a little off-putting when you first see it - but it is fine, just &quot;well lived in&quot;. The restaurant - Le Paris - recommended by the hotel staff is about a block away and is great. The rooms are fine, but nothing exciting. No Internet access was available. The staff are fine and helpful. However, it appears that most people checking into this hotel get coupons for the continental breakfast wheras we did not; this caused quite a stir when we appeared at breakfast, even though a price for breakfast is posted and it can be charged to your room. By the way, the breakfast was not that good. The metro station is about 3 blocks away, but with a family of 4 it was just as cheap to take a taxi to the old town rather than taking the metro with 2 changes ( cost about $12 by taxi or 4 x $2.50 by metro). The price was relaively low and with that in mind, this hotel was probably not a bad deal, although I would look elsewhere if I returned to Montreal	
Apr 17 2005	Great Hotel / Great Location	I have a son who is a student at McGill University in Montreal. We live about 5 hours away, and we try to get up to visit him fairly often. In the course of our visits, we've stayed a number of places in the city, and Hotel Du Fort is truly my favorite.There is really nothing not to like about this hotel. Parking is right below, in an excellent parking garage. The staff is courteous and friendly. The lobby is small, clean and very nicely appointed (feels like a smaller European hotel). The elevators are fast and clean (a big plus compared to some of the bigger hotels in town where you may wait 10 minutes for the lift). The rooms are really lovely and spacious. I think the place must have been renovated fairly recently, because absolutely nothing feels even the tiniest bit frayed, worn, grimy, or tired. The beds are among the best hotel beds I've slept in, and the bathrooms are clean, bright, and have have very high-grade fixtures.Breakfast, though not cooked, is done very well, offering much more than just cereals (also has boiled eggs, ham platter, cheese platter, fruits, juices, toast, pastries, etc.).The internet cafe across the street is extremely handy, as is the fact that there are two grocery stores located less than a block from the hotel.The location is nice, though it is a bit west of most of the things we usually end up doing in the city (as in a few blocks west). But, again, it's certainly a very nice area, with perfectly good access to everything via the Metro. Finally, the hotel is priced very reasonably, and you get a whole lot of value for your money.I've stayed at the hotel a number of times, and have recommended it to a number of friends. If you are looking for a smaller, reasonably priced, clean and comfortable hotel in downtown Montreal, you really can't do better than this.	
Jan 10 2005	The marvelous 'heart' of Montreal	Our two month journey found us spending eight leisure days in Montreal the last week of October 2004. The Hotel du Fort afforded us that extra level of comfort we seek when traveling for months. We enjoyed a large, very clean and meticulously furnished Superior Studio. Front desk people bent over backwards to offer every type of help from sightseeing to neighborhoods recommendation. buffet breakfast is DELUXE Continental, as pictured on the hotel's web site. The breakfast room with large projection TV, free newspapers etc. verges on opulent. Great way to start the day. As noted on the web site the studio has a partition with king bed on one side and sofa/club chair on the other.Their 'comfort corner' is a mini kitchen with frig and microwave. We requested a 'no charge' hot plate and set of dishes and utensils for the week. We were not driving and I recall the hotel's parking fee is on the high side.Location is fantastic, only a couple of blocks to the subway and all sorts of shops, stores, markets within a block. Pepsi forum with super multiplex is just three blocks away.All in all super comfort and convenience for a very reasonable price.	
Nov 2 2004	Nice Suprise	At first glimse, I thought I had made a poor choice. However, once inside the hotel I found it to be an excellent choice. It was renovated a few years ago and now has large rooms, a kitchenette behind louvred doors, nice bathrooms and an very expansive continental breakfast on the 2nd floor Dining Room. The hotel is spotless throughout. The staff was courteous, well informed and extremely helpful. I was first given an end room, but it had had a smoker in it and I was then given a room which was larger than the first room. The Hotel is a few blocks from the fashion district of St. Catharines St. and 15 minutes walk to Sherbrooke art musuems and Crescent Street. It is not luxurious but the rooms are very nice. I would recommend it. I also lucked out on the rate from Quebec Tourisim.	
Oct 18 2004	You can o better	My boyfriend and I just stayed here (October 15, 2004) and we were quite disappointed. We stayed in a standard room supposedly non-smoking that definitely smelled like smoke. Also, the elevators were having problems and when I called the front desk to ask if we could take the stairs (we were on the 16th floor) I was told no, they are for emergency use only, we had to wait for the elevator, and then I was asked, &quot;Why, are you in a hurry?&quot; We were in fact, on vacation and trying to get to a museum before closing. The room was fine and very basic, but for the price you can do better.	
Aug 22 2004	great stayhighly recommend this place		
Jul 28 2004	Nice Place		
May 9 2004	my favorite hotel		
May 7 2004	fantastic room value 		
Nov 11 2003	Great Value Location		
Sep 16 2003	IN THE ARMPIT OF MONTREAL		
Sep 3 2003	good hotel		
Aug 1 2003	Very enjoyable stay.		
Jul 15 2003	Pretty good Hotel		
Jun 30 2003	Would Stay Again		
Nov 22 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix/situation		
Sep 8 2008	Très bonnes prestations		
Aug 26 2008 	bella vista		
Feb 13 2008 	Fue lo máximo		
Dec 17 2007 	Très bien		
Sep 5 2007	Fantastica sorpresa!		
Aug 31 2007 	Ottimo Hotel consigliato		
Jun 3 2007	Excellent		
