	Small Gem in a Big City	This was our second visit to the Hotel XIXe Siècle. It is located in Montreal's old town just a few blocks up from the port and a block or so away from the tourist shops that abound in that area. There is free on-street overnight parking on the weekends, meters during the day, valet parking is also available. The lobby of the hotel has held different interesting art exhibits both times we have been there. The staff was accommodating, quick to help with restaurant suggestions or directions. We have had some lovely meals at restaurants that they recommended. The rooms are spacious and appear even larger because of the 14' ceilings. The furniture is very european and well kept up. Nice art on the walls. Our bathroom provided everything we needed, including a nice shower and good lighting. The lighting in the room was also good. Our package included breakfast - the dining room was nice and bright, the food was a typical hotel breakfast buffet - cereal, toast, bagels, fruit, yogurt and coffee.The location of the hotel is great; close to the sights in the old town and not a bad walk to downtown Montreal shopping. There are also buses that run close by. We would highly recommend this hotel for a romantic weekend getaway or an extended stay.	
	expectation not met	We had read the reviews about this hotel and expected that it was a boutique jewel in a wonderful city. The hotel is clean, neat but the room was very small - really meant for a solo traveler - and the breakfast that was included in our package price was very disappointing. For a hotel in the middle of Montreal we would have expected french breads and pastries, not stale, tasteless croissants and mediocre fruit and coffee. The staff is attentive and pleasant . The restaurant recommended to us the first night we arrived was definitely not one we would have chosen and we did end up going elsewhere - we did not want to rely on the staff after that. We also smelled cigarette smoke our last day which I know is not permitted, but...it was definitely filling the hall. We did see several rooms our last day that would have been much better - we wondered why the hotel would not let us know that they were available, the were better suited for a couple. Especially since there were so many empty rooms.	
Nov 24 2009 	Couldn't ask for a more perfect stay	I read all the wonderful reviews for this hotel before I booked but was a little skeptic. After my recent trip to Montreal I wanted to stay in the older part to visits museums and be close to the city's history. This hotel not only was in the heart of that area but it was so classy. My room was fantastic, large and super clean. Service was good and very helpful to me. It was a cozy stay, especially spending down time by their library and bar. I only recommend that you research restaurants nearby as it does not have one in the hotel. It also doesn't have mini fridges either. But the bar tender was nice enough to bring me tea every evening. Thanks for a stress-free vacation.	
Oct 29 2009 	You'll love this place!	My wife and I recently stayed here for three nights. I loved it here. It’s very close to Notre Dame and Old Montreal. The metro is close. The rooms were very clean. The staff was always ready with suggestions and really seemed to love their beautiful city. Pick this one!	
Oct 23 2009 	Charming Hotel beautiful rooms	This is a late report - we stayed here in April 2009.We found this hotel to be very charming. From the outside, the hotel is so beautiful. The rooms are well appointed with nice linens and the bathroom is very clean. We found the rooms to be very comfortable and spacious. The lobby does not give justice to the rooms. The staff in the hotel was always gracious and cheerful. I found their service to be top-notch. Ask for water bottles if you need any. :)The breakfast buffet held downstairs has a decent spread. Since it is in the banking district, there are several restaraunts close by including a Coffee shop across the street. Make sure to dine at &quot;Eggspectations&quot; which is right out of the hotel. Their crepes and meals are wonderful!You are just seconds away from the Basilique Notre-Dame and near the underground entrance as well.Keep in mind that there is a charge for parking. They will valet your car for you. I don't recall how much it was (possibly $19 CAD/day). I'm not certain if there are other private parking garages nearby.All in all, we enjoyed staying at this hotel. We would consider staying here again when we return to Montreal some day!	
Oct 17 2009 	Excellent place to stay	This hotel is well located in the banking district and on the edge of the old city. The building is very attractive and the interior well decorated. There is no pool or exercise facility but the staff is wonderful. My wife had numerous questions and the desk staff always provided accurate and helpful answers in very good English. Suggested restaurants always had good food and reasonable prices. The valet parked our car one block away so we could easily access it. Compared to the fancier hotels in the neighborhood the price was great. I rated the room very good because there were a few threads loose and some painting errors which someone less fussy might miss.	
Oct 12 2009 	Fabulous choice!	We had 7 rooms booked at the hotel for an event. One junior suite, 2 single rooms (=smaller doubles), 2 double rooms with one queen bed, and 1 double with two queen beds. First of all, the service was fabulous. Second, ALL of the rooms were great. Of particular note was room 215, double with two beds, that seemed larger. We were initially given junior suite 205 which was nice but had 4 windows pointing directly at the building next door, so had very little light. We changed to 412, and it was FABULOUS - we think it's the one featured on their website. It's in the back of the hotel, and generally all the rooms in the bad (X12 - X15) have a nicer view we think. Note - the suite did have a jacuzzi, even thought they told us it doesn't - we did not complain :)Overall, the stay was fantastic, everyone LOVED the rooms (and since we booked on other people's behalf and we chose the hotel, there was cause for concern...). The lobby is very spacious and comfortable, the little library is very cute, and breakfast was nice. The elevator is a bit slow, but not a big deal - the stairs worked just fine if you don't mind stairs :) We HIGHLY recommend this place!!	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Hotel in perfect location!	We loved this hotel. Great stay and the staff was very helpful. We had done some research and found that the staff recommended all the same sites and restaurants. We were so close to everything in the Old City and very easy to get around. We used the Metro (stop just a block away) to get to The Village and to the Olympic Park. We took a walking tour in the Old City and also saw amazing light show at Notre-Dame. The river tour was great too. But our favorite hidden gem was the house museum called Château Dufresne Museum near the Olympic Park. Also check out the underground city in the old Port area at: Centre d'histoire de Montréal. This museum also had a cool light and video show that explained the history of Montreal. Then you walk under the building and see the actual ruins of the first buildings. Great food at Bonaparte, Boris Bistro and Jardin Nelson.	
Sep 23 2009 	Perfectly wonderful! A delightful place to stay!	My husband and I loved this hotel - the high ceilings, chandeliers and decor. It was very clean and the staff were warm and inviting. Anything we asked for (i.e. towels, ice) was delivered within minutes to our door and they were so helpful with ideas for restaurants, walking tours etc. It is well situated on the edge of Old Montreal but still within a 2 minute walk of the Palais de Congres (where our conference took place) and a 10 minute walk of downtown shopping. Perfect!	
Sep 14 2009 	Clean wonderful service great location	We stayed at the Hotel Xixe for our first anniversary. On arrival our car was parked (and returned when we needed it for the same price it would have cost to park over night anywhere in the city, but be forewarned that parking is not included, it is extra) and we were given a city map and recommendations on walking routes, restaurants and places of interest. The service was friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable. We had a great night sleep on the bed and the ceilings were high and gave the whole place a grand feel. On Montreal Marathon day and we were given a map of the course so we could watch but it included road closures and information for when we were headed out of town. We really lucked out finding this place.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great boutique hotel offering wonderful service in a good location.	We really enjoyed our stay at Xixe Siecle hotel. The service was outstanding and our room was small but very nice. This is an old bank that has been transformed into a hotel. Overall, it was a great place to stay and we were able to walk all around Old Montreal from the hotel. It’s very close to the Basilica and the front desk staff will provide you with a map and information about places in the area. One thing that I should point out is that the first taxi driver didn’t know what I was talking about when I said Xixe Siecle. It’s french for 19th century which he figured out and took us right there. I would definitely stay here again. The continental breakfast was $12 if I remember correctly but some websites include breakfast when booking - we really enjoyed the croissants.	
Aug 28 2009 	Lovely hotel wonderful staff!!	I stayed at Hotel XIXe Siecle in Montreal for two nights. My stay was very nice and I would definitely stay here again. My room was large with very high ceilings; comfortable bed; free internet; bright lighting and cuddly terry robe in the bathroom (there was also a telephone in the bathroom, I'm not exactly sure why, but this detail somehow speaks to thoroughness). The staff are exceptional -- cheerful, helpful, full of smiles! I really enjoyed my interactions with them. The continental breakfast is served in a very pleasant, European style breakfast room. The hotel is located within walking distance of a taxi stand, subway, many restaurants, the touristy part of Old Montreal (Vieux-Montréal) and water front, the Basilique Notre Dame, City Hall, etc., yet is on a street that is very quiet at night, so well-located for a good night's sleep. I highly recommend this hotel, especially if you want to treat yourself as the price per night is slightly on the expensive side.	
Aug 20 2009 	Elegant Choice Without Costing a Fortune	I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. I was extremely surprised and very very pleased.The room was spacious, clean and elegant. Staff was extremely friendly and kind.Breakfast was all that it is meant to be generous and filling.Great location and I thought the price was very fair.I'm very happy to recommend this hotel to all.	
Aug 9 2009 	Charming through and through	This hotel is in a great location for exploring Old Montreal. It is a beautiful hotel in and outside, surrounded by great architecture and ambience. Close to the subway routes, too.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	We stayed at XIX for three nights prior to taking a cruise. Our room was ready ahead of time. We loved the location--only a few short blocks from Notre Dame and all the shops and restaurants on Rue St. Paul. The towels and comp robes were beyond soft. The staff was helpful for restaurants and directions. The building maintained an old charm while its decor is up to date.	
Jul 1 2009 	A Gem!	Our family spent two nights at Hotel XIXe Siecle and we were very pleased. We liked the location, only a couple of blocks from the Basilica of Notre-Dame. The staff were outstanding -- friendly and helpful, while maintaining a quiet air of professionalism. The building is French Second Empire and the rooms themselves are lovely with high ceilings and big windows. The rooms were quiet and restful and were furnished rather elegantly. The beds were quite comfortable and the baths were very nice. There was only one tiny, tiny problem -- the temperature of the water seemed to vary in the shower. The water was always sufficiently warm, but it could become much warmer quite suddenly -- and then just as suddenly drop back to its previous temperature. The breakfast was very good and the valet parking was handled very efficiently. We would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat and highly recommend it.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great stay	Great hotel, excellent location in Vieux Montreal, close to restaurants, shops and old port. Staff was outstanding. The room was comfortable, private and clean with high ceilings. Valet parking was a must especially with construction, narrow streets, etc. We walked around and had a great dinner. If you're seeking to party all night, this part of town is not the best. It's a business district, so shops close early in the evening. We were very satisfied with our choice and would recommend this hotel for a nice relaxing get-away.	
Jun 13 2009 	This is what service is ALL about..	For definitive hotel service, stay at this hotel. After a rather disappointing night in Quebec City, our arrival here was nothing short of bliss. Valet parking, someone unloaded the bags from the car, everyone has a smile from ear to ear and means it, and the place is lovely. Quiet relaxing surroundings in which to revive yourself after sightseeing etc. Knowledgable staff pointed us at fireworks display late evening, and provided an etxtensive list of recommendations for dinner. Room was spacious, well appointed, with free wireless internet. Perhaps I am wesring rosy glasses after a dreadful night in teh previous hotel but I feel as though the folks that operate this hotel love what they do and it shows....as iot should.	
May 9 2009 	What a great stay	I came to this hotel in the off season of Montreal tourism. Here are some pros and cons.Pros-Very quiet! No noise from the street (with the exception of roadwork that started up before I left) or hotel clientele. -I ordered room service twice and found the food to be OK. But I still advise finding a restaurant. Room service should be a LAST resort.-Friendly and courteous staff who speak perfect English. - Conveniently located about 3 blocks from the Square-Victoria metro station and a 10-minute walk to the nearest VIA Rail Canada station.-Because you're on the border between downtown and Old Montreal, a lot of tourist sites are close by.-Free Wi-Fi-Pretty, clean rooms-I got bed service even when I didn't request it. Cons-Contrary to what the hotel's website says, it is NOT in the HEART of Old Montreal. It's actually on the far NW corner, right on the border with downtown Montreal proper. -Because the hotel is downtown, the streets are DEAD after work hours and on the weekends. So no places to shop or eat out during those times. -The free Wi-fi network is UNSECURE. So user beware. It also cut on and off on me a few times. But that might have been my own Wi-fi catcher acting up.-I can't imagine there being any great views in this hotel unless you have a suite. I could see a little bit of the Basilique Notre-Dame de Montreal from my bedroom window though. -Only one VERY slow elevator. Take the stairs down. With the cons being of little significance (to me anyway), I would highly recommend this hotel. I also suggest going to Montreal in late April/early May. Not a lot of folks around and the weather was amazing.	
May 4 2009 	Classy and comfortable	My eldest daughter and I travelled to Montreal to bring back my younger daughter after her first year at McGill University. After one night squashed into her residence room (trying to rough it and economize!) I logged into her computer and searched Montreal hotels! I phoned Hotel XIX Siecle and got a last minute rate for two nights and we were able to check in at noon that same day. We had a large room at the front of the hotel (fourth floor) with two queen beds. It was heavenly. So much space for the three of us and our luggage! The beds were comfortable and the linens warm and cosy. We like it cool at night so we were able to turn down the temperature overnight with in-room controls. I liked the bathroom very much. The lighting was nice and sparkly and the tub nice and deep. Another comment I read on TripAdvisor said the water wasn't hot enough. I wonder if they realized you can adjust the temperature. The handle turns on/off but there's another slider bar for the temperature. We found the location to be perfect. Valet parking was much appreciated. It's a $22/day charge with unlimited in's and out's. I had parked overnight at the university the night before and was charged $23 for 10 hours of street parking on campus so this was much superior. We enjoyed walking around Old Montreal and ate at several great unique restaurants. We had breakfast in the breakfast room on the second morning. It was so good that we were wishing we had gone there the previous morning as well. The price of $10 per person was extremely reasonable for the beautiful selection. The breakfast room is beautiful and the server was attentive and pleasant. Staying at this hotel saved our three-day Montreal visit from being a disaster and turned it into a very enjoyable experience. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 25 2009 	Excellent quality and value in a prime location - a real gem.	The hotel was a complete delight, with friendly, helpful staff, an excellent location only five minutes walk from the metro and underground city, and about ten minutes walk to Vieux Montreal. My room ( booked as an economy package) had an extremely comfortable bed with high quality bedding, good lighting and furnishings and a very clean and commodious bathroom with lovely toiletries in generous sizes ( and replaced daily). I had breakfast on one day, but the dining room was almost empty, although the breakfast was fine. There are lots of places in the immediate vicinity where you can get continental or cooked breakfast for the same sort of price ( CD10). As a middle-aged woman travelling alone, I felt safe and comfortable. There is an elegant bar area adjacent to the lobby, with sofas and magazines, as well as free internet access and a printer - useful if you want to check-in online for your flight home. Drinks were reasonably priced ( no more expensive than outside the hotel and with the bonus of a happy hour from 5-7pm). Other guests at the hotel were mostly middle-aged couples or singles, with a few business people. Although the hotel doesn't have a designated luggage room, they looked after my two huge suitcases in their basement, all day on my day of departure, and made no charge for this. Staff at the hotel organised my taxi to the airport ( flat rate of CD38) took all my luggage out to the taxi for me. They could not have been kinder or more helpful, all spoke good English and made me feel very welcome. I would certainly stay there again and recommend the hotel highly.	
Apr 23 2009 	Good simple boutique hotel	I'd always wanted to stay in the old town in Montreal, and I finally made it. This hotel is in a pretty old &quot;hotel de ville&quot; style house, with the lobby up a short staircase from the street. The check in was efficient and friendly. The room was large and very comfortable, with a good bathroom and very comfortable bedding. The decor was very tasteful - in keeping with the period of the building, without being pastiche or fussy. The internet worked well. All that was missing was a kettle in the room. Breakfast in the morning was in a restaurant-style room, and was a good continental spread with enough choice.The location is ideal for exploring the old town, and close enough to the business district.I recommend this as a very good quality tourist hotel, or a mid-range business hotel for road warriors tired of big-box hotels.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Stay	Great Staff: they are very friendly and knowledgeable about the city. They are ready to help you whenever you need help. If you only speak English, don't feel intimidated to speak to them in English. They are very good at speaking both French and English. The hotel rooms are big. Bed's are comfy. The pillows are either to soft or two hard. The square one with the hotel's name on it was a good medium. Bathrooms are clean.The hotel is located just a couple of blocks from the metro, the Science Museum, Rue St. Laurent, Rue Peel (Rue= Street), and a couple of other popular streets. About mile or two away you can get to Rue Cresent which has a few bars, night clubs, and a Hard Rock Cafe. Lobby is a really nice area to sit and enjoy a drink, work on the computer (free wifi), and just shoot the breeze with people. Pizza was great!	
Jan 27 2009 	Nice hotel with few minor issues	The staff at this hotel was great, spoke good english and was friendly for the whole stay. Room was very nice size for the price of around 90€ per night. Location is ok, I was in middle of cold winter so used taxi to get around, but based on little walking I got the imperssion that this is really good location during summer when you dont freeze to death by just walking 200meters. Couple little complaints, my room wasnt exactly quiet, I think the biggest issue was the door wasnt really sound proof and then the pipes made little noise. However the noise wasnt so bad that it would have gotten annoying and id have to go complain. 2nd issue is that it was impossible to seet he television from the bed, so if you are like me who needs little TV to fall asleep this might be a small issue.Overall I think staying at this hotel during your montreal visit is a decent idea.	
Jan 24 2009 	Fabulous hotel in the heart of old montreal	Using the guidance of Tripadvisor, we booked this hotel and got a great rate on a suite with parking and breakfast included. The hotel is in a great location steps from the famous Notre Dame Cathedral in old Montreal. The hotel itself is beautiful with old world charm - room was huge with great amenities. Service was good with valet parking, bellboy, free newspaper and coffee downstairs in the jmorning, FREE wifi internet. You cannot go wrong with this hotel.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great boutique hotel hope new owners keep it up	Love to stay here when I can, great value right on the doorstep of Old Montreal. Have stayed for business and pleasure iun the past.. Staff helpful and friendly, rooms with vaulting cielings and French provincial furniture for that Parisian feeling, don't like the bar/restaurant but there are many to choose from in the neighborhood even for breakfast. New owners propose to change the name and do a reno but here's hoping it remains an affordable place to stop in a really special piece of North America.	
Oct 13 2008 	Very good hotel in a good location	We really enjoyed staying at this hotel. The building is beautiful and interesting. Our standard room was quite large and the tall ceilings were quite impressive. They made the room feel open, romantic and comfortable. We were very close to the Nortre Dam, Old Montreal and Chinatown. It is very easy to walk or hop on the metro. There is no restuarant onsite, but they do have a nice bar for drinks and lounging and a place to offer breakfast. The service was good. We did hear they were going to do some minor renovations switching the check in desk with the bar area. That should work out very well.	
Oct 2 2008 	Perfect Location - Great Stay	My wife and I have been to Montreal twice, once staying on the corner of Ste Catherine Ouest (close to the bar-scene) and this time at the Hotel Xixe Siecle. We LOVED it! The location is perfect, as we could walk to Notre Dame, all of Old Montreal, and only a few blocks away is the metro stop to take you anywhere. The lobby is great with a small bar and sitting area with floor to ceiling books. The staff was incredibly helpful, valet parking was quick and attentive.The rooms were gorgeous. We stayed in a small suite with a separate sitting area. High ceilings, french doors, everything perfect.I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 20 2008 	Lovely comfortable boutique hotel- great location	This is a very comfortable boutique hotel located on a very pretty street. You are located in walking distance of beautiful old Montreal and a short cab ride to the great shopping on rue St. Catherine. We found the room extremely spacious and comfortable. The bed was fantastic and the bathroom was clean and well-supplied. The World Cup was on while we were visiting and my husband was able to enjoy a lot of it because the TV in the room was big with great reception! (sometimes hotel TVs can be small and sketchy!) We found that the room was particularly quiet, which we appreciated- you really couldn't hear any noise outside. The breakfast included was standard, the breakfast area was in a windowless room that could have been improved upon. But no complaints with the quality of the breakfast. The service was excellent and we were very happy with our stay. We would likely return as the value we received was very good.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great Location	This charming hotel is well located near the Place d'Arms on a quiet side street. You get the benefit of being near most everything in Veiux Montreal without the noise. The clean rooms are very large with comfortable beds and tall ceilings. The staff is friendly, but a little overworked. One evening, the bartender/bell hop/valet had been away from the bar for quite some time while some thirsty patrons were waiting at the small bar. Finally, another staffer came to pour drinks, but assured us that his bartending skills did not go beyond beer and wine. We were happy to oblige, but it would be nice to have more consistent service at happy hour. This small issue is the only problem we had during our stay.	
Aug 29 2008 	Beautiful bouquet hotel EXCELLANT LOCATION	My son and I stayed at Hotel Xixe Siecle July 28 - 31st 2008. It was our first visit to Montreal-we were not disappointed.The hotel is beautiful, we could not fault any thing about it. The Hotel being bouquet is much better than named international hotels, the service is much more personel. If you dont speak french - dont worry, the staff speak english.I have enclosed photos of the hotel and bedroom, and belive it or not the main toilets on the ground floor! I had to take photos of the wallpeper really quirky. The hotel is decorated in french design, very comfortable. Our bedroom (Classical) was decorated in gold and cream. we had a tv, pleanty of storage, but no facilities to make tea or coffee. the bathroom was adequate, shower over the bath, plenty of good quality linen, the free products of shampoo etc, were of a high quality.The staff are wonderful and are more than willing to help you enjoy your stay. They provide directions, order tickets for you, advise on places to go. VERY helpful. The lobby has a very good stock of Montreal information brochures. The Bar, Breakfast room,and Library are also on the ground floor, here there is free internet . Breakfast -conti.excellant.fab choices.Bottle of water - you are not charged, this was one of there thoughtful touches. The couches and chairs at reception clean and very comfy. The lastest magazines are always on hand.. The location is excellant, you are one street away from the Bas. of Notre Dame - DO NOT miss the light show - Fantastic. The old town is on your door stop, the shopping of Catherine street - out of the hotel walk a few yards turn right, travel up road and you are on Catherine Street.	
Aug 20 2008 	Beautiful hotel excellent location	We spent 3 nights at this hotel and we enjoyed our stay very much.The lobby is very charming, the location excellent (right in Vieux Montreal, one block from the Basilique the notre dame) and the rooms spacious, clean and beautifully decorated. Free wireless internet access.The staff was very helpful with directions and recommendations for restaurants and attractions. There are several excellent dining choices nearby, Bonaparte and Aix just a few blocks away.We bought a package (3 nights including breakfast and parking) and it was excellent value.	
Aug 15 2008	great place	We decided on this hotel after reading many reviews on tripadvisor. We were pleased with our room, nice high ceilings, great bed and linens. They were a little stingy with the towels but we do appreciate their efforts to be &quot;green&quot;. The hotel is in a perfect location- very close to Old Montreal but not in the thick of it, walking distance to most of the attractions in Montreal. The staff was very helpful. Our only complaint was that the shower did not have much pressure and it did not get very warm. All in all a great place to stay- we would certainly go back.	
Jul 28 2008	Great stay	Excellent Hotel. Fantastic location near Old Town and Subway. We got a Jr Suite and were very happy with the staff, rooms and breakfast supplied.	
Jul 16 2008 	Super!	My young daughter and I stayed for a week in July. The hotel was in a perfect location to walk to the &quot;old town&quot; or up and over to St. Catherine St. for shopping. Easy access to metro and only a few blocks from the Central Train Station. I cannot rave enough about the friendly, unassuming, helpful staff...so professional! Our room exceeded my expectations. We had a &quot;standard&quot; room that was beautiful! High ceilings, very large amount of floor space, nice furnishings, lovely old windows, and a huge bathroom with separate jacuzzi tub and shower! We never ate at the hotel, but did enjoy complimentary coffee and and an occasional apple from the bowl! Montreal itself is a lovely city with friendly people and numerous activities to keep one entertained...	
Jul 15 2008 	Real Old Town Charm and Character at XIXe Siecle	My husband and I plus a group of friends stayed at XIXe Siecle the past weekend of July 08. If you want to experience the real charm of old town Montreal, this is definitely the place to stay. The Hotel was everything we expected. The photos on their website mirror everything on offer.The bathrooms were spotlessly clean and the room was large and comfortable. Our friends had one of the suites and the room was large with an adjacent sitting room.The breakfast included in our price was fantastic. Hard boiled eggs, cheeses, thinly sliced ham, cereals, croissants... the list goes on...! The dining room is quaint and relaxing. It made for a lovely start to the morning. We have stayed in other chain hotels in Montreal previously, and they were decent, but for the same price, cannot compare to Hotel XIXe Siecle! Staff were fantastic and very helpful.The location is great, a close enough walk to the Port and also to St Catherines Street for shopping. All in all a fantastic experience and I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 10 2008 	Loved this boutique gem	My husband and I just returned from this lovely gem of a boutique hotel located in Old Montreal. We loved the ambiance of our room and the hospitality of the staff. We stayed two nights and enjoyed every moment. Walking around Old Montreal felt very European. It was about a fifteen minute walk to downtown Montreal for great shopping. The complimentary breakfast was lovely. The staff were extremely polite and accomodating. We felt very well treated and thoroughly recommend this gem for anyone looking for a memorable stay.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great Hotel!	My husband and i stayed a few nights at Hotel Xixe Siecle and we're thrilled - the rooms were spacious and clean, the staff friendly and attentive, and the breakfast delicious! We will stay there again on future Montreal trips!	
May 18 2008 	A wonderful experience	My wife and I just returned from a weekend at Hotel Xixe Siecle. I selected this hotel based almost entirely upon reviews at TripAdvisor and was very pleased. The room was quite large, clean and extremely comfortable. The included breakfast had a lot to offer and favorable hours (7-11). The hotel offers valet parking but the desk clerk offered the option of parking on the street for free and gave me tips on where to find the coveted spots. This hotel is not overdone with pushy service and that is one of the things I found to be great. No one trying to wrestle my bags away from me. No one being paid to open the door, just good, friendly and courteous basic service. The lobby bar/lounge was very nice. Two for one drinks from 5-8). This was an excellent experience and I WILL go back.	
Apr 21 2008 	A great place to stay in Old Montreal	Hotel Xixe Siecle was an excellent stay. I am writing this review on the day of departure from my room which has to be one of the best rooms I have stayed in my many years of domestic and international travel. I drove up from Boston (5 hours) for a weekend stay with my daughter (15). The hotel is situated in Old Montreal and minutes walk from the Montreal Metro. Therefore most of the city is accessible. However, the calm of the area, the closeness to the water and the mangificent buildings of old Montreal made this a very peaceful vacation. The hotel is Boutique, so if you are more comfortable in the traditional Marriot type hotel you may not be as comfortable here. The style is European and I would recommend this for couples (new and old). Restaurants in the area are good. Gibby's seems popular and a nice setting. I tried the new Sushi Rest called Tatami which is unusal in that the tables are actually fish tanks and the food is artfully done. We walked St Catherine street, had ice creme nearby with the locals and really had a relaxed time. I am coming back and would try for this hotel again. Worth every star of its 4 star rating.	
Mar 30 2008	a Great Deal!	We got a great deal going directly to the hotel (2 nights almost half-price, third night free, complimentary continental breakfast). We had a wonderful stay in the Hotel. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Our room was comfortable and spacious. The hotel is well located. The bar/lounge and the dining room were cheerful, well-staffed and the breakfast was very good. The staff helped us out with recommendations for places to eat and things to do. We would definitely try to book the Hotel Xixe Siecle the next time we visit Montreal.	
Feb 29 2008 	This hotel is great in everyway!	Even though we live in Detroit, we decided to book a winter getaway to Montreal and Quebec, since the prices were so reasonable...we did a 3 day Montreal, 2 day Quebec City, and 1 day back to Montreal before our flight home. We spent 3 nights at Hotel Xixe Siecle, and they were great! We booked a great stay 2 night, get 1 night free off their website (only $135 CAD per night) and received a room with the most amazing whirlpool tub ever, 2 queen beds, ceilings so high you could have fit another story in our room, a grand-sized room, etc. The staff was also very helpful in giving directions, recommendations for dining, etc. Also, even though my husband and I love to walk (and did despite the cold and snow), we were a 5 minute walk from the Metro Station which made everything conveniently located. Please note there is also a computer with free internet in the lobby and a cute &quot;Library&quot; themed bar in the lobby...the only detriment was the lack of exercise room/facility, but with such other great services/location/staff, I could live without this. It was a perfect stay in a great city!	
Feb 23 2008 	Chic and affordable!	We booked our Queen bed room online at hotels.com for $114/night CDN.We stayed for 2 nights during the week of Valentine's. The room itself is well appointed with a Queen size bed, desk, TV and wardrobe for hanging clothing. Celings are very high (at least 15 feet). Washroom is smaller but functional. The towels were very plush and luxurious.This hotel as stated by other reviewers is a renovated older building so there is definitely character in this building which is great since it's located in Old Montreal.Vicinity wise, there is an Eggspectations across the street which opens at 6am and serves breakfast/lunch. We had breakfast on our last morning in the hotel and weren't very impressed. It was a very basic Continental breakfast that was $13/per person.For dinner, there are a lot of restaurants within walking distance. We went to Bon A Part for dinner one night. It was very enjoyable although we were a bit under dressed and dressed more for the snow storm they had that day.This hotel is very close to Central Station where we arrived by train. In addition, we were able to walk from our hotel to Chinatown and Rue St. Catherines (which is a main strip) without difficulties.No complaints and we would definitely stay here again! Staff is very friendly and helpful!	
Jan 28 2008 	Great Stay in Old Montreal	We stayed here for a weekend in January. Everything about this hotel was great; location, rooms, staff, etc. The hotel itself is very pretty, it was an old bank that was converted. The staff was world class, couldn't have been more helpful or friendly. Notre Dame was literally a 1 minute walk down the road and St. Paul Rue (the main drag in old montreal) is right around the corner. The rooms were very nicely decorated and had cathedral ceilings, which made them seem huge. Considering all this I was shocked at how cheap the room was. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in Old Montreal.	
Dec 27 2007 	Great hotel	We stayed at the XIXe Siecle for 4 nights and could not fault it....I'm surprised it doesn't rate more highly on tripadvisor! The hotel is in a great location in old montreal, and is easy walking distance from downtown and the Place D'Armes metro station. Our room was large with high ceilings, very clean and comfortable. Breakfast was great - croissants, cake and muffins, bread, fresh fruit salad, juice, cheese. Also the staff we met at breakfast and on the front desk were all very polite and helpful.We stayed at the Sofitel on the last night of our holiday, and we actually preferred the XIXe Siecle...We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 7 2007 	Fantastic Location and Deal	We were searching for a place to stay, having never been to Montreal before. After reading several reviews we opted for this hotel and contacted them directly for a booking. At this time they beat the expedia rate and offered us a 10% CAA discount. That took our room rate to $117/night for Thurs - Sun.The hotel is a converted bank and is located in central Old Montreal. There is a metro stop within a couple blocks, which easily gets you some prime shopping and restaurant areas. The staff were very helpful, recommending great restaurants and providing directions.The rooms are not large, but the very high ceilings make the rooms feel roomy. And, the lobby bar has 2 for 1 drinks every evening.We would stay here again.	
Oct 31 2007	Very Nice....unbelievable value	I am a frequent business traveller and have stayed at many hotels in Montreal. This hotel is a tremendous value. Very European feel to match the location near the old city.Room was large and clean but the furnishings did not seem to match the grandeur of the room (high ceilings). Bathroom was adequate with very nice toileteriesService was excellent whenever requested. Bar is nice for a quick drink before going out for diner.Valet parket is convenient and very cheap. Will definetly return	
Oct 27 2007 	Sincere pleasant and prompt service	We stayed at this Hotel from Oct. 4-6, 2007. We had reserved probably the least expensive class of room, which was very nice. The mattress was great. The towels were great - the softest I've felt in a long time. Upon arrival, the bellman immediatly helped us unload , including arranging for storage of our bikes, and parking of our car. The staff and bellman provided us all of the immediate information we needed to get to Bank and maps for sightseeing and for bike riding, restaurants, and were generally just very nice to talk with. Large Continential breakfast was included and was very good in my opinion, and wait staff were very accomodating and pleasant. I liked the hotel very much, and would recommend it.	
Oct 6 2007	Horrible!	I booked a room at this hotel almost 1 year before our stay for a wedding. I had aked for two double beds because we were 4 ppl in our room. I was told no problem. I was also told that we would get the GOVT rate. Two days before our stay , I called the hotel just to confirm our two double beds and govt rate...no problem....We get to our room and guess what!!!! We get one queen bed!!! I called the desk an they tell me they are fully booked and cannot give us two double beds!!! I told them that I had booked two beds almost 1 year ago but they could not do anything. I was actually very polite..too polite. So, I asked for 2 cots ( for the two other ppl in our room) They told us that they were out of cots but would try to find one. We got 1 cot about 2 hours later. So one person had to sleep on the FLOOR for two night in a row.Calling the front desk for anything: extra pillow, blankets, cot, towels etc..took TWO HOURS to get everytime!!!checkout: We were told that we COULD NOT get govt rate. I then told the guy that we booked two double beds and we ended up with 1 queen, that we should at least get a discount. He told me that it's not there fault, that they have alot of ppl here for a wedding and can't guarantee anything... so no govt rate as promise dand no discount WHAT???? I guess you can't reserve specific rooms at this hotel...sooo disorganized. They even thought we had stayd for 1 night and I had to correct him with the billing ( i was too nice) Not only that, but he was VERY VERY RUDE!!!! So now some other guy leaves to go get our car ( valet) the get's out of the car not syaing a thing. My friend and I are about to get into the car and OMG the drivers window is BUSTED!!!! Someone broke into our car. The guy was like &quot; oh ya hahaha your car got broken into&quot; who laughs at that??? WOW! So we go back to the very rude guy at the front desk and tell him what happend. He said that it happend last night. WHAT? Last night and you never told us or left a msg in our room?!? HORRIBLE!!! NEVER AGAIN!!!!	
Oct 3 2007	Wonderful	Thoroughly enjoyed this hotel, the location was perfect for all of the sights we planned on seeing. The metro was right down the street. Montreal is a very safe and warm city to visit. The staff at the hotel were very professional and friendly. They were so patient with all of us tourists asking a million questions. The rooms were very clean and maintained well. It was always quiet and we slept well. The breakfast buffet was good, but could have used more variety, especially after a couple of days stay. No vending machines, so get any night munchies while you are out and about! The drinks at happy hour were pretty expensive. I would definitely stay there again and enjoy the beautiful city of Montreal.	
Sep 23 2007 	Good Friendly Small Hotel	The XIX is a smaller hotel in the old part of Montreal, an easy 10 mins walk to the St Lawrence river. We had made an online booking and were welcomed at reception by the friendly staff. The room was quite large and overlooked the rear of the hotel. Everything was clean and comfortable and the room service again was friendly and efficient.A continental buffet breakfast was served in the groundfloor dining room and was reasonably comprehensive without too much choice.There was a reasonably priced internet access in the lounge which was a little slow.A good stay in a smaller friendly hotel.	
Sep 4 2007 	An Expensive Hotel that lacks the experience to have luxury	I attempted to check in to the hotel at 2PM and I was told to return at 3PM when I returned at 3PM I was told to take a seat as my room was not ready yet. Four other couples check in and at 4PM i asked if it was ready and I was told it was ready an hour ago as I sat in the couch directly infront of the check in area.When I got into my room I noticed the 15 Foot Ceiling and nice window coverings but when I went into the bathroom the vanity was made of 2x4 and the tile job lacked grout. The tub was small and the shower leaked all over the place.In addtion there is no ice in the motel you must request it from rooom service and the room does not contain a minibar or mini fridge.The most dissapointing part was the Breakfast. It was terrible, the croisants where not cooked the coffee was tasteless and the Breakfast that I had at the local to my house $69.00 per night Holiday Inn Express was a thousand times better.Do not stay at this motel/hotel.Prior to my stay at this hotel I stayed at Hotel Domion 1912 in Quebec and it is an awsome Hotel.	
Aug 28 2007 	We'd definitely go back!	This was an extremely well-located hotel. We were there during the Montreal Jazz Festival and could walk to it as well as to everywhere in the entire Old Town and it's also close to the subway. The staff was friendly, rooms very nice, and breakfast very good. There really wasn't anything to complain about.	
Aug 25 2007 	Not impressed	Stayed at the Hotel Xixe Siecle on our honeymoon trip through Canada. We arrived on a weekend. I booked the trip throughExpedia.com. On arrival, it took about 2 hours to check-in becauseour room wasn't ready and there was a big line because therewere a lot of guests checking in for a wedding party. After our long wait, they put us in what seemed like a 10 foot by10 foot box of a room that was extremely small. Additionally,in the room next door, there was a baby crying which we couldhear very easily through the paper thin walls. When I called thefront desk to ask if we could change rooms, they informed us thatall the rooms had been booked for the wedding party. The paint was chipping in the room. The LCD flat screen tvwas probably a 17 inch tv. The front desk was snooty and not friendly. Out of 6 hotels with only 3 star ratings, and this being rated 4 starts, this is the worst of the Montreal hotels that I have been to. The others being Sheraton, Wyndam, Renaissance, Hilton, etc all much nicer.	
Aug 24 2007 	Lovely hotel	This is a good hotel, in a beautiful building. The first thing to note is that there are quite a few stairs to get into the lobby, but there are members of staff waiting to help when you arrive. The receptionist were all very helpful, especially the lady who helped us book tickets to an exhibition using her personal email account.The rooms are very nice, clean and spacious. The breakfast is very good, with lovely fresh breads, fruit and cheeses. The hotel is well located between the old town and major shopping areas.The only criticism I have is the laundry - they dry clean everything even if you only want it laundered and then charge you for it. I got caught out badly here and the management were not willing to make any reduction to the charges even though I had clearly written on the laundry sheet that I did not want dry cleaning, as instructed to do by the reception staff. Montreal is generally overpriced compared to other cities in Canada and this experienced just added to our feeling of being ripped off once again.Overall a good hotel in a nice location.	
Aug 21 2007 	Fabulous hotel!	My wife and I just stayed at this hotel for our 25'th Wedding Anniversary. The lobby was gorgeous, the staff could not have been nicer, the continental breakfast was great (especially the croissants and the fresh fruit cup) and the location was in the middle of everything in Old Montreal. The room and the bathroom are on the small side, but the bed was extremely comfortable. There is so much to do in Montreal we were hardly in our room at all anyway. We would stay there again anytime.	
Aug 20 2007 	Wonderful stay!	We just arrived home from Hotel XIX and have already decided that when we return to Montreal we will stay there again. The Hotel is perfectly located between Old Montreal and downtown and when the weather is nice, you can walk everywhere. The staff was incredibly friendly, helpful and were a pleasure to deal with. Happy hour is from 5-8, at their quiet bar, and the &quot;two for one&quot; drinks were unbeatable. Our superior room was very large, nicely decorated and was immaculate. We had the most amazing stay and are looking forward to our return.	
Aug 20 2007 	Third time and Still Charming!	My spouse and I have stayed at Hotel Xixe Siecle three times in the past couple of years. Several things keep us coming back:(1) Proximity to Old Montreal. It's in the heart of Old Montreal and just a couple of blocks from the Quay.(2) Prices are some of the lowest in Old Montreal. If you look around (not only on their website!) you'll find prices far below the stated average. We paid $135 during the latter part of May, during the Cirque du Soleil run.(3) Well-kept rooms and friendly, helpful staff. Arriving late in the afternoon the last time we stayed, the Front Desk staff called several different restaurants to get us a reservation for that evening. If you've ever been to Old Montreal, you'll know that it's sometimes impossible to get into some of the more 'popular' places....but not for us!By the way, be sure to take their valet parking - finding a parking spot in Old Montreal at ANY time is difficult!	
Aug 17 2007 	Another Trip Advisor Winner!	Another excellent hotel stay, thanks to the many TAers who reviews this hotel--thanks! Got a great deal at the AARP travel web site. Huge room. Excellent air conditioning during a very hot week in Montreal. Great location in Old Montreal. Very cordial, helpful staff. Excellent value, too. Highly recommended.	
Aug 7 2007 	Awesome	A very nice stay. We knew what we were getting in a Boutique Hotel in a converted bank and we were pleased with what we got. The room was clean and nicely decorated. The staff were helpful and pleasant. The food served for breakfast was amazing (we ate there every day).Yes there is no mini bar or fridge in the room. And no there is no restaurant open for lunch or dinner. If you are looking for these thing, look somewhere else. If you want an elegant hotel in a great location, stay here.	
Feb 26 2007	Great Boutique Hotel	We really loved the rooms and the staff, who were friendly and helpful. Due to limited availability for the three days we stayed in Montreal, we stayed in two different rooms (one a suite #416, the other a more standard room #412). Other reviews knocked the breakfast buffet, which was included in our room rate for the suite, but it was pretty good for being &quot;free.&quot; On the day we did not eat the buffet, we tried Eggspectations, which is one block away and has great and extensive breakfast options. For those who love fruit in the morning, the $7.99 fruit plate was fantastic. It was the dead of winter but the plate included mango, papaya, blueberries, strawberries, apples, grapes, bananas and kiwi. The crepes and California eggs benedict were very tasty. Bonaparte, located about three blocks away, was excellent for dinner. Try the mushroom raviolis!! The hotel location was great, within short walking distance to the metro, restaurants and Basilique Notre Dame. It also was within walking distance of the shops on rue St. Catherine.This definitely is not a full service hotel--no restaurant for lunch or dinner, and not a lot of staff. For example, the bellboy is also the bartender. But he was a good bartender and was quick with our bags upon check-in and out. That's what you should expect at a boutique hotel. It's the charm, cozy setting and friendly feel that sells this hotel.	
Feb 8 2007 	Fabulous Hotel	I travelled to Boston, New York, QC, Toronto, and this hotel in Montreal was my favourite. The people were helpful and friendly. There was a problem with my air con so straight away they moved me to a new room with no fuss. Brilliant hotel and so happy I stayed here. The location is also perfect.Thanks!!!!p.s. breaky was the best	
Jan 20 2007	Charming hotel in a great location	This is a nice hotel in the Old Port part of Montreal. Rooms are nice, everything is very clean, breakfast (included in some room rates) is rather good, valet parking is convenient (included in some room rates). Service is friendly (wiill help with restaurant bookings, etc).Have stayed there several time and will happily stay there again.	
Jan 3 2007 	Charming hotel in Old Montreal	This hotel is a great find for anyone who wants to stay in Old Montreal. The hotel itself is very charming, decorated very nicely and sophisticated, is super clean and very comfortable. Our room had all the normal ammenities (although did not have a minibar for those who would are wondering). The staff was helpful and the serivce was very good.Overall we really enjoyed our time there. Just a couple of blocks away you can eat to your hearts content with all of the yummy french fare Old Montreal has to offer. Try the chez suzette crepe place and Mondave restaurant as well. Mondave had the best bison steak and a pear and goat cheese tart that we loved. Be prepared to walk off all the food you are going to be eating. Also really enjoyed the sailors church (not sure of the name), def check out the tower portion of it where you get a great view of the city.ps I love the hand soap in the rooms!	
Nov 6 2006 	Excellent service!	Have stayed 3 nights at the Hotel XIXe Siecle. We experienced excellent service, friendly staff and a great room with a cosy and comfortable bathroom. The soaps, shower gels etc. were marvellous!!Breakfast is good and very cheap (for room service) when you order some bits and pieces (you don't have to order the set breakfast put up on the menu). For two capuccino, a croissant, some rye bread and a fruit salad, we only paid 6 CanDollars!Excellent located in the old part of Montreal and within easy wakling distance to the city centre.	
Oct 9 2006 	Well-located hotel with a great period feeling	My husband, teen daughter and I spent three nights at the hotel over the second weekend in October. We found the property well-located, the rooms (especially the bathrooms) very clean, the bedding abundant and comfortable, and the staff eager to help.This is not a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel, but has some luxurious touches -- including plush terry robes hanging behind the bathroom door, a whirlpool tub, and delightful high-end toiletries beside the sink. The high ceilings (be sure to look up and admire the artistry) and period decor are a delightful change from same-old, same-old of the chain hotels. My only complaint is that the bathroom was small for the three of us (but then what hotel has a bathroom large enough to share with a teenage girl).I recommend this hotel for its location: not only are you on the edge of Vieux Montreal and in walking distance of all the historic (and tourist) sights, but you are also just a few blocks from the Metro which will take you downtown shopping, out to the Botanical gardens or over to &quot;restaurant row&quot;.Speaking of food, we did not eat breakfast in the hotel (too pricey), choosing instead, to walk a short block to &quot;Eggspectations&quot; -- a fun, funky eatery that will serve you any breakfast food -- American, Candian, French, other -- you desire. (Try the Brioche Beauty!)Don't jump -- as I did -- to a negative conclusion when the front desk staff recommends a restaurant. It was Friday night , we returned to the hotel late and couldn't get a reservation anywhere else. Reluctantly, we let them book us at Bistro Boris. We weren't expecting much, but it turned out to be a delightful choice. (And we are quite picky about cuisine.)	
Sep 24 2006 	Great Location Elegant Decor Friendly Staff	Just returned from a week in Montreal at the Hotel XIXe Siecle. I was there for a few days before I realized the &quot;XIX&quot; are Roman numerals and the name means 19th century. Overall, I was very pleased and would return. I was attending a conference at the Palais de Congress (convention centre) and it was only a very short block away--much closer than any of the official large convention hotels. Otherwise, I found the location great for seeing multiple parts of the city--it's situated at one edge of old Montreal it's great for seeing that part of the city and downtown is easily within walking distance to concerts at McGill or shopping or museums downtown. The Place de Arms metro stop is right in the convention center. The staff is friendly and greeted me each time I walked in. Most of time there are one or two very attractive guys to open the doors and help with luggage. There are about eight stairs to go up once one enters the front door, so one of the guys carried my suitcase up when checking and checking out. The rooms seem to vary widely in size based on the fire escape map on my door and from what I could see walking by rooms the maid was cleaning. It's likely a consequence of converting it from a bank to a hotel. My room had only one window, but rooms with two windows seemed to be bigger. The ceilings and windows are VERY tall and so I did get quite a bit of light in the room. The rooms towards the back of the hotel likely get more light as there is a parking lot next door to the back rooms versus another building towards the front. Though my room was cozy, it was adequate in size for me. A friend joined me for the second half of the week, and it was a little tight for two suitcases but we managed fine. Shampoo, conditioner, body gel, lotion, shoe polisher, and haircap are provided. An iron and hair drier were also in my room.My rate didn't include breakfast which I think was 12 dollars. I never tried the breakfast. I ate Olive and Gourmando a couple blocks away or Eggspectatons across the street. Wireless internet works well, but it is not free. I paid for a whole week for 20 or 25 dollars but you can buy less time as well. Phone calls were one dollar per local call--the price for calls was not listed anywhere and I had to call down to ask how much it would be. There is not an ice machine, but you can ask at the bar or front desk and they will get it for you or bring it up to your room. The lobby sitting area is very grand with tall ceilings...can be fun to sit there and watch the comings and goings...My only complaint was that the window was dirty my entire stay. For the most part it is covered with sheers, but it annoyed me when I pulled them back.	
Sep 24 2006 	Love this Hotel - will stay here again.	We stayed here in July 2004 and liked it very much (found it on a travel website). When we decided to go back to Montreal for our honeymoon, we looked at one other hotel, but decided to go back to this one - what a great decision. Everything that was good about the hotel 2 years ago is even better now. The service is excellent - everyone speaks both french and english. They gave us some wonderful recommendations for dinners, and housekeeping is quiet, discrete, and thorough. As it was our honeymoon, the hotel was kind enough to include their continental breakfast with our room - when we come back here, we will definitely opt for this again. Lots of yummy food, very filling. The dining room is beautiful (tho a little noisy - with its tall ceilings, the clinking of dishes does reverberate a bit). We were able to have breakfast, a snack in the mid afternoon, and then be hungry for dinner. The hotel's location is also excellent - right in Old Port, one of the more beautiful areas of the city. The Square Victoria Metro stop is about 1.5 blocks away, and downtown is an easy walk as well. Internet access (wifi high speed) is available, but is pay-to-play. At $22 (US at the time) for 7 days, not a bad deal.We are planning on returning here again, and we are looking forward to that time. There is no other place we would consider.If visitin for the first time, consider the following attractions: Le Bateau Mouche boat tour, the art galleries along Rue St Paul, exhibits at the Archeology Museum, the Science Museum with IMAX. Parc Mount Royal is also beautiful and worth a long walk.	
Sep 15 2006 	A little bit overpriced	We were at the Hotel two nights from Sept.9, and the first night we had a room facing the St.Jaques street and we could not sleep at all because of the noise of passing cars. They were doing some kind or road work and the patholes were covered by steel plates and cars going over would make a terrible noise. We complained in the morning and nicely they gave us a new room, a suite, on the opposite side of the hotel so we would not hear any noise. Both rooms were large and well appointed. The only thing missing in both rooms was a frigo bar that for a 4 sta hotel we found very odd. We had an all inclusive package, room+breakfast+parking, that with all taxes included brought the price for a night close to $300 that we found a little bit too much compared to other hotels in Montreal of same category.Breakfast was good and location excellent, only a few steps from the Notre Dame cathedral. We are not sure we would return to same hotel.	
Sep 14 2006 	Liked it	We stayed 2 nights at Hotel XIX siecle.We liked it.Room was not big, but very clean and confortable.Our rate included breakfast (very good!) and parking.Service was good, but it is true that there are stairs when you arrive and you have to carry your bags/luggage yourself.We really enjoyed the lounge.If price is good, we would definitely consider staying at Hotel XIX siecle again.	
Sep 12 2006 	First see if there's construction nearby...	My husband took me here for a surprise anniversary getaway. The location was great -- a block from the subway and a reasonable walk to several parts of town. However, street noise was considerable even on Sunday, and then at 7 a.m. on Monday, construction noise outside was unbearable. Might not be a problem for an early riser, but we were really looking forward to a late morning. The desk staff was not at all apologetic; I guess, what can they do?My husband booked a room with a whirlpool tub and queen bed; they upgraded us, they said, to a &quot;suite&quot; -- really just a very large single room. It didn't have the tub we'd hoped for, but we stayed because it had a king bed. Everything in the room was comfortable, I liked the toiletries, and the shower was good. The lobby had lots of nice sitting areas.	
Sep 11 2006	Slipshod Service	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Xixe recently with our baby. In general I'd give this Hotel a fair rating for very good room size, excellent cleanliness, and excellent location. What I would give this Hotel a FAILING grade for is service. From the moment we stepped into the hotel we received essentially no help whatsoever. This began with the failure of the staff to set up a crib for our infant--while this generally isn't a big deal, if you are arriving with a crying baby at midnight, it most certainly is! The staff took a leisurely 30 minutes to bring a crib. The second absolute failure of the staff was there complete lack of knowledge of the neighborhood. After staying there for 4 days I thought I knew the neighborhood restaurants better than they did. The third example of poor service was the failure of the attendants to provide any help with bringing baggage or our stroller up and down the stairs. On numerous occasions they would just watch us, as we struggled with bags and the baby. The only help we received was from another guest! Finally, at these prices per night WiFI internet service should be complimentary, which it isn't.This is a very clean hotel, with large rooms in an excellent location. Given the level of service it really feels like an overpriced rooming house, not a 4 star hotel.	
Sep 4 2006 	decent hotel nothing special	Hotel is pretty clean and staff was generally helpful.Room was a good sized and clean. Bed was comfortable and linens were changed frequently. Water pressure was good and the bathroom was stocked with very nice toiletries from the salon next door. The favorite was the green tea soap.Everything within Old Montreal was within 10-20 minute walk. The metro entrance was a couple of blocks away. The hotel is in a quiet area of town on the weekends. The daylight hours of weekdays seemed to be louder and much busier.The streets have low lighting and was near deserted at night.Internet access with computer is hard to find so bring your laptop if you need to get online.Breakfast is nice but very expensive if it's not part of your package. Instead you can just go across the street. Do not ask the front desk for restaurant recommendations. They are very biased towards the restaurants they are partnered with.There are a lot of things to see and do around Old Montreal but the real shopping is underground and downtown - which you have to get to via the metro.Most everything in Montreal was accessible via their metro which was very well timed and well labeled once you got in. Some points of interests:The International Fireworks Festival was fantastic which was held at La Ronde. La Ronde itself is a tiny amusement park for kids with long lines for very short rides. It was just a place to spend some time while waiting for the fireworks.The Botanical Gardens was huge and beautiful. You can buy the Biodome tickets together but the Biodome is really nothing more than an indoor zoo (very disappointing).Biosphere is nothing more a skeletal min-version of Epcott Center. You can see right through it since it has no panels which can make for a nice picture with the right background and camera.	
Sep 2 2006 	Great Place	Hotel XIX Siecle, MontrealStayed at hotel from 8/21-8/24/2006. Exterior of hotel is architectually interesting. Lobby was elegant. Room very large with high ceilings. Everything was very clean. Loved the terry cloth robes. Coffee was offered in the lobby each morning. The staff were very polite, very helpful, very friendly. In particular Carol and Joel at reception helped us find a nearby store to purchase a cell phone and even mapped it out for us. Even got a great rate on line. Saved $70 a night off the regular rate. Would return again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 28 2006 	Charming hotel	This hotel is very charming inside and out. The staff is very knowledgeable and will help with anything you need. The night staff is especially talkative and can direct you to fun times. I requested a high floor facing the street but was given a floor on the 2nd floor facing a parking lot...truly an ugly scene. However we may have been lucky because there is massive construction on the street that backs traffic all the way down the street. The room was nice with high ceilings. The bathroom, while definately the cleanest I've ever seen, was ridiculously small. There was barely room to put your toothbrush down. The location is only a couple blocks from the square in old Montreal and the Notre Dame but the walk to downtown can get long if you're tired. Overall, this is a very nice hotel but I think I'd stay ouside of Old montreal in the future, due to the lack of nightlife after 10.	
Aug 19 2006 	Beware of Bait and Switch!	We booked a room with two queen beds and when we arrived at about 4:00 in the afternoon we were shown to a room with only one bed. When we returned to the desk, they said that was a room with two queen beds because it had a sofa bed. They appeared not to have an available room with two beds as we had reserved, and were not at all apologetic or offered any discount. Their attitude was take it or leave it. The sofa bed was really cheap, about a four inch mattress with a single blanket and no pillows. Even worse, the part of the room where the sofa bed was had no curtains.	
Aug 18 2006 	Quiet Elegance	After staying two nights in another four-star hotel that was a disappointment, we switched to the Hotel XIXe. Our stay was a very pleasant and delightful experience! Although we did not have one of their large, deluxe rooms, our small corner room painted in warm colors soft on the eyes was outfitted with a firm and comfortable bed with plush pillows and a duvet and a spacious bathroom with high quality toiletries and fluffy, white robes. The continental breakfast, located in a peaceful and beautiful room with white table clothes and a very friendly staff, included the usual--assorted breads, fresh fruit, cheeses, cereals and meats--and was quite tasty. The hotel is close to everything in Old Montreal, and we could see the spires of the Notre Dame Basilica from our window. Overall, the staff was very friendly and helpful. We'd definitely stay here again!	
Aug 4 2006 	Luxury but not Snooty	This hotel was a pleasure. The staff was helpful. The location was superb - close to the old city, the river, tourist sites. The room was large. The bathroom was beautiful and had a whirpool tub! The toiletries were awesome, large size soap, nice shampoo and conditioner. We had a problem with some plumbing and help was on it's way minutes after I called the front desk. Highly recommended.	
Jun 26 2006 	Always a pleasure	This is my 4th time in this hotel. The rooms are of the best I ever been. The bathrooms are always clean and look new. The soaps are unique. The room is excellent, with large space for a couple. Excellent location, in the heart of the old city. The service is good. Not cheap, however always a pleasure	
Jun 25 2006 	The hotel name should be XIXeme siecle	I booked the hotel to attend a meeting at the Palais des congres - -which turned out to be one block away. The price on Expedia was 127 + tax -- and that came out to about 150 USD. The hotel is excellent -- the staff are attentive -- the attention to detail is superb -- and the rooms are spacious and really comfortable. Although this part of Montreal is a little noisy, the hotel was quiet and restful. It was hot in Montreal this month, but the airconditioning worked just great. The people at the desk are amazing -- they have a real sense of humor, they are helpful, and they will go out of their way to accommodate your needs. By the way - -this month, Madonna came to Montreal and stayed about 1/2 block away at the Hotel St. John. That hotel looked similar to the XIXeme siecle. Another note -- the name of the hotel is really XIXeme siecle. This is pronounced 'dix-neuvieme siecle' -- some taxi drivers seem not to know the place because it is small. Just tell them the address on Rue St.-Jacques. You are only a block from Notre Dame and 2 blocks from the grand city hall. And, you are really in old Montreal, and all the great restaurants are closeby. The 'Ecole de pasta' (pasta school?) is around the corner, and it is excellent.TomScottsdale, AZ	
Jun 22 2006	Honeymoon in Montreal	My husband and I just got married and wanted to do something different for our honeymoon. We stayed at the Hotel Xixe Siecle and fell in love all over again. This hotel is great. The rooms are spacious, bed is clean and comfortable and the staff is very helpful. The location is also excellent. Not to be missed is the breakfast. We were full the entire day! Would definitely stay here again. We had a great time! We also took a short train ride to Quebec City. If you can, see BOTH cities.	
Jun 7 2006	Could not have been a better experience!	I drove up from NYC on saturday of memorial day weekend with my fiancee (then girlfriend). We paid approx. $155/night w/ parking and breakfast included and were pleasantly surprised at how well kept the hotel was. Once we got to the room, we were astonished at how big it was - the bed, while queen-sized was also very plush and comfortable. The staff, with the excpetion of one gentleman, was so friendly and helpful.(although he warmed up too after our first day). Although, they could not answer ALL of our questions, they certainly made an attempt. The bar at the hotel was always staffed and reasonably priced, and the breakfast was absolutely incredible! If you want to enjoy luxury in Montreal without breaking the bank to do so, this is the place! And Montreal is a great place to get engaged too! (I reccomend the Westmount lookout)	
May 1 2006	Very Charming	This quiet hotel in Old Montréal is the perfect spot for a romantic get a way. The hotel staff is friendly and polite and very knowledgeable about the city and its attractions. The location is great if you are looking for a quiet retreat, with the option to explore the many facets of Montreal. It’s a 5 minute walk to the heart of Old Montreal where you can easily spend a day walking around and enjoying the little shops and architecture, and a 10 minute drive to the Montreal shopping and nightlife districts. There are also several restaurants in the area to choose from.The hotel is warm and inviting and provides a very relaxed atmosphere. The continental breakfast is more than that including fresh fruit and juices, hard boiled eggs and a variety of cheeses and wonderful pastries.We stayed in a Jr. Suite which was very clean and spacious. The decor and high ceilings make it feel very grand, and the bed was very comfortable. The only bad point was that we were on the first floor and our view was a construction site. We took advantage of a weekend package and while I feel it was not inexpensive, I would certainly pay that price again for the ambience and service. It's worth a visit.	
Jan 31 2006	Loved this hotel!	My husband and I stayed here one night and just loved it. Can't wait to go back! It was very clean and quiet, the beds comfy, the bathroom spacious, the decor lovely. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 13 2006	Good location good facilities	We stayed here for 2 nights last September. The location is great since Old Town is only 10 minutes away. Our room was rather small and dark, but it was relatively clean and well maintained. I wouldn't go back for the hotel experience itself, but it's good value for the price. So if you're trying to save money and still want good basic quality this place is it!	
Dec 5 2005	Beautiful Hotel...	My boyfriend and I stayed there for a weekend in November and it was one of the nicest hotels we have ever stayed in. We weren't expecting a king size bed upon arrival but to no disappointment it was very comfortable and we had more pillows than we knew what to do with. There is an open lounge when you walked in the front entrance with beautiful art work and sculptures. We decided to retire to the lounge after our dinner and we felt right at home. The staff were very friendly and helpful.	
Nov 2 2005	Great boutique hotel in the heart of Old Montreal	The other reviewers are spot on! We loved the Hotel Xixe Siecle!!! My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights and thought it was wonderful. The hotel's location is perfect - only a block and a half away from Notre Dame Basilica, and a short walk to most of the other sites in Old Montreal. Also easily walkable to downtown sights as well.The room was really nice too. Super comfy bed with down comforter and crisp white duvet. Very spacious as well with really high ceilings so you don't feel cramped. Nice fluffy towels, good bath products and robes too!The lobby is warm and inviting with comfortable chairs and couches, and free coffee is available in the morning, along with apples.The service was first rate as well. All the staff we encountered were friendly and knowledgeable.Valet parking was about $20 Canadian per night, but you have in and out privileges if you need them. Not that you'll need a car since everything is so close. I would definitely stay here again if I return to Montreal.	
Oct 22 2005	Spacious room terrific staff	Stayed here for 3 nights with my husband and 18 year old daughter. Rooms are large and the very high ceilings and windows contribute to the sense of spaciousness and comfort. Very quiet also--we never were disturbed by noise from neighboring rooms. Bathroom is very clean and, unlike an earlier report, we had no problem with the hand shower as it is easy to place it in the holder and use as a fixed shower to wash your hair. The location Vieux Montreal is outstanding in terms of quiet, charm (be sure to go inside the two historic bank buildings in the neighborhood) and terrific places to grab a cafe and pastry. The best part of this hotel is the very helpful front desk staff, particularly a young woman named Sandy. She gave us great recommendations for places to eat and tour; and directed us via drawing on a map and/or telling us which Metro line and stop to use. She also made dinner reservations for us. Her patience, good humor and genuine desire to find out whether we enjoyed her suggestions makes her an excellent customer service provider. Thank you Sandy! I disagree with some of the other reviewers who say the hotel was lacking a certain something. I would be very happy to stay here again and recommend it to anyone who prefers a place with elegant charm.	
Oct 21 2005 	You Certainly Won't Forget Your In Montreal...	You know, I kind of forgot I was staying at a hotel when I stayed at Hotel XIXe Siecle in Old Montreal.The first thing one notices is that the lobby doesn't feel like a lobby. You walk up a short flight of stairs and there's a sitting area with a charming, little bar on the side. The interesting artwork, comfy couches, shelves of books and winding staircase welcome guests as if they're at a house, rather than a hotel. And if you're away from home, this is kind of nice, right?The room I stayed in was just massive. It must have been about 600 square feet and with a 20 foot ceiling, and I'm not exaggerating one bit. I was told it was an upgrade because they were quite busy - not bad at all. I'd imagine you might not find such a size on the other floors, so go for the first level if you can - more space never hurts the weary traveller.The bathroom is a bit tight given the fact the room, itself, is so large. There's absolutely no counterspace, so a definite thumbs down to the hotel developer/designer on this one.Location is superb...For the anti-hotel types or claustrophobic - this one is for you!	
Sep 26 2005	Excellent hotel	Spacious and clean room, comfortable bed, modern bathroom, helpful front desk, excellent location: walking distance to the hustle and bustle of St. Catherine and also near the old town. Only bad thing was the hotel &quot;recommended&quot; a nearby restaurant named Boris which may have been the worst restaurant I've ever been. Not really the hotel's fault, but their lack of knowledge of local restaurants is what prevents me giving this hotel 5 stars.	
Sep 9 2005	Not as charming as I expected	This hotel is in the beautiful old part of Montreal. The room was large and clean however I felt as did another reviewer that the hotel lacked atmosphere. Also there was no free wi fi in the rooms as in most other hotels in canada or free local calls for that matter, no mini bar, no tea and coffee making factlities although the concierge did bring us complimentary coffee when I asked about this. We found the room very noisey and would recommend you do not overlook the street although interior banging doors are also real problem. The hotel was well priced but i do not think I would return, I think we had been spoiled by paying less for a lot more in Toronto.	
Sep 6 2005	Wonderful Hotel in Old Quarter	This hotel was just about perfect. The room was decorated in an attractive manner, the bathroom was large and modern, the climate control worked great, and most important, the bed was very comfortable and the hotel was very quiet. Additionally, the rooms were huge, and the staff excellent. The rates were quite reasonable in comparison to other 4* properties in Montreal. The only thing I could quibble about was that there was not really a good reading light in the room near the bed (only a lamp on a bedsize table which really didn't focus very well), but a lot of hotels have that problem and don't think hotel guests ever want to read in bed. There wasn't a minibar in the room, either, which sort of surprised me given the level of hotel and the fact that there was more than enough room for one. I wasn't staying there long enough that I cared that much, but I might have liked to put a few cold drinks in one if I were staying longer. This is a good location for the Old Quarter, and there are plenty of restaurants within walking distance for a few days, but after a while, it could be more convenient to be closer to a metro station, also. Someone else said Place Victoria was closest and only a couple blocks, but my impression was that place d'Armes was the closest and much farther than that (and down a hill). It's fine if you only want to come/go once a day or so from other areas by metro.	
Sep 6 2005	Good but not outstanding	I chose this hotel on the strength of the other reviews I found on tripadvisor. Hotel has a good location, but I found our room to be fairly basic. It was very spacious though. Staff were friendly and helpful. I don't know what it was... I just felt it lacked atmosphere?? Overall, good but not outstanding	
Aug 30 2005	Excellent!	The hotel had huge rooms that were very clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful and their breakfasts were wonderful!	
Aug 14 2005 	Very nice hotel	I stayed for 6 nights in July. The service was very efficient, friendly and helpful. The room was a delight. Nicely decorated and very spacious. The fixtures and fittings alll were of high quality and new.The bar area was quite pleasant, and staff made every effort to make it more so, by providing snacks and lighting candles. However, it was not the sort of bar you would want to stay in for long, and indeed most people left after a brief while - no doubt to explore retaurants and bars in the Downtown and Vieux Montreal areas. Breakfast was lovely; generous and very tasty. The various fruits in particular were excellent. I would stay here again. The subway was nearby and allowed easy access to anywere you wanted to go. Alternatively, there were some very good restaurants and bars within short walking distance, in an interesting part of the city too. There was also the main tourist attraction of the beautiful cathedral just a minute away.	
Aug 14 2005	Charming Property 	We stayed here for our Anniversary week end. The property was well decorated in a quassai 20's style.The Room;Very clean, good sized room with a very comfortable bed. Tall ceilings with windows to match. Bath was new and the toiletries great. My only complaint is the hand held showerhead. These things are truly hand-held. There is no option of mounting it so you can wash your hair. I hate these things. After several weeks of this kind of showerhead in South East Asia and Europe, I hoped I would never see one again. Alas, the hotel Siecle had them. Aside from this little thing, I had no other complaints about the bathroom. The towels were exceptionally large and fluffy. The room was very clean and comfortable. For those who smoke, the 3rd floor of the hotel Siecle is their smoking floor. Much to our delight there was no odor. This is the only hotel in Old Montreal that allows smoking. Staff:The staff was always courteous even when they were very busy. We felt pampered and well taken care of for the 3 days we were there. Directions were always given with a smile, a highlighted map, and in perfect English. Parking:Valet parking is about $20 (Canadian) per day and well worth it. Those who travel know that paying extra for parking in any downtown metropolitan area is to be expected. The valet was always prompt and courteous. The car was never left unattended in front of the hotel with the keys in it. If for some reason cars were double parked, he would stand street-side and direct traffic. Location:Great location a couple of blocks from Rue St Paul where most of the &quot;action&quot; is. Close enough to walk, yet far enough for a good night's quiet sleep while still being in Old Montreal. Warning on driving to the hotel. This has nothing to do with Hotel Siecle, and everything to do with Old Montreal: Old Montreal is full of one-way streets. They do not alternate direction. This is not laid out with a semblance of logic like Manhattan or Philly. Rue St. Jacques (the street the hotel is located on) is a one way heading toward the hotel from RT 20. Suddenly the street becomes a one way going in the opposite direction. Turn left!!! If you turn right you will end up on another highway going gawd knows where. This is only your first obstacle. Between the one ways that don't alternate direction, horrid street signs and road construction, it took us a min of 1-1/2 hours to find the hotel in a 6 block radius every time we tried to get back to it. Many of the street signs are posted on buildings (not on a corner like in the US) and nearly impossible to see at night. Rue St. Jacques had no sign anywhere (that we could find) on the corner we need to turn on to find the hotel. All the street signs in Old Montreal are in small decorative French script that adds to the frustration. Some traffic lights were really odd. For example; the red light is lit solid, while the green light flashes. No arrows. I have no clue what this signifies. Bottom line; get a really good detailed map and several sets of directions before you go. With a good detailed map, navigating old Montreal would have much easier for us. Summary:If you can find it, Hotel Siecle is a great place to stay.	
Jul 28 2005	Excellent Location and Ambiance	Hotel Xixe Siecle is blessed with charming decor and is centrally located in the picturesque heart of Old Montreal; it is an easy walk from several subway stations as well as a variety of excellent restaurants and eateries.The staff was friendly, helpful and informative; we had one of the corner suites--it was vast, elegantly-appointed and a pleasure to come home to every night. Our special requests (e.g. extra pillows) were promptly and courteously accomodated, and the cold buffet breakfast--which was included in our room rate--was delicious. We were delighted by the variety of edibles, from cereal, fruits and youghurts to the legendary Montreal-style bagels. An excellent way to start the day!	
Jul 12 2005	Hotel XIXe Siecle	Bon jour!This is the second time we've stayed at Hotel XIXe Siecle. We really enjoy ourselves while in Old Montreal and this boutique hotel fits the bill. You can walk or take the Metro to local sites.We found out this time around that the facility is WIFI, but you will need your own laptop, provider, and you are given only 30 minutes of free access. Afterwards, you are charged a fee.There is valet parking - $20 per night/ in and out privileges. If you park on your own, I believe it's $12, but no in and out privileges.Our package included breakfast ($12 per day w/o pkg). Breakfast is great. This time around there was a cyclist club and the hotel ran out of the mueslix (my fav). The croissants were delicious too!This year they had some local acts singing in the lounge area. That was a treat.The staff is very accommodating with instructions and information. Who knows, we may be back again next year.	
Jun 30 2005	wonderful anniversary	the strength of this charming boutique hotel is the staff. extemely helpful and patient- we asked many questions and directions. they also made excellent dining suggestions and reservations. the location is great once you get your bearings. would stay here every time!	
Jun 14 2005	Charming ambience	Great location in Old Montreal - roughly two blocks to subway station (Square Victoria). Lots of sights and restaurants within 10-15 min walk in the area, or can subway/walk up to St. Catherine area. Very friendly hotel staff that provided excellent service and had a few excellent restaurant suggestions. The Hotel &quot;Library Bar&quot; appeared to have a few guests every night we were there (albeit, it was Formula 1 weekend in Montreal, and every place was quite busy). The rooms itself were charming. Very high ceiling, clean, and tidy. Bathroom amenities were top notch. Only complaint from me was that Room 315 did NOT have any wifi reception - I had to literally walk into the hallway, or go down into the lobby to get any internet. Inconvenient, but a minor problem especially when there was so much more to offer in the city during the weekend I was there.	
May 19 2005	Quiet elegance perfect service	We stayed at Hotel XIXe Siecle for five days in May for a much needed spring vacation. The hotel was near tourist activities but extremely quiet at night. All staff members were courteous and immediately able to answer our questions and help us find restaurants and other services. The standard room was spacious and gave us a great view of the architectural details of the building across Rue St. Jean. We had coffee sent to our room first thing every morning, and we never waited more than a few minutes for it to be delivered. We ate breakfast in the hotel only on our last day before heading to the airport, and I am sorry we didn't do it every day. Great selection served in a serene room off the street. We will definitely stay there again.	
May 18 2005	This is what a boutique hotel is...	I recently stayed for 3 nights with my partner, we both adored the charm and the incredible service of the employees. It was quite the experience and would reccommend this hotel to everyone. The hotel is perfectly nestled in the heart of OLd Montreal, peace and quiet, once in awhile we would hear a horse carriage go by. The room was magnificent and everything you can imagine for a building that is over 120 years old. That night, we left the staff choose where to eat, restaurant Laloux, exquisite. All in all, the trip was fabulous, all thanks go to the staff of Hotel XIX Siecle, who treated us like royalty!!	
May 3 2005	Highest marks	This hotel was recommended by a friend knowing of my upcoming trip. He raved about the location, service and price. I went with high expectation which were surpassed. All the staff we encountered were extremely friendly and helpful. They even let me in their office to print my airline e-ticket. Their honest restaurant recommendations were spot on, getting us into a popular place on a busy Friday night. The bar tender gave me a few French lessons and help with phrases. We left for 3 days to see Quebec city and returned to find they had upgraded us to a suite for our final stay! Rooms were clean, tastful with all the amenities one would expect for this price point. No view to speak of but we didn't care. Our suite was wonderful and spacious. The suite we were in used to be an old bank vault. The room was dead quiet. The bar and lobby area are elegant and great place to relax and socialize. Location is perfect between downtown and old town and near the subway station. We returned to Montreal 9 months later and were somewhat disappointed. They put us in the same standard room, we had on our previous stay. The price had gone up even in the early Spring offseason. None of the staff we encountered were there. It was just a standard hotel experience. Goes to show what a difference good staffing makes.	
Apr 19 2005	Not disappointed just not impressed.	We stayed here for a weekend in April. The location, a short walk from the train station (Bonaventure), even shorter walk to the Metro (Square-Victoria) and just around the corner from Notre-Dame Basilica, was the best part of staying at XIXeme Siecle. Otherwise, the hotel was profoundly unimpressive. It wasn't bad, mind you, but we just had the sense that they hadn't quite finished renovations yet. Fixtures were sub-par, the room we had was positioned as an upgrade, yet the lighting was poor and the bed was some odd size between a double and a queen.Value for the money cannot be denied. This was certainly superior to any motel accommodation for a similar price. By no means did we feel that we overpaid and we aren't complaining about that at all. However, the pictures imply a level of finish and style that simply isn't there with this hotel.Breakfast was across the street at Eggspectations. That was good. I'd recommend attending the 11am Mass at Notre Dame. The choir and organ are absolutely fantastic. (Reminder not to take pictures during the service. The woman in front of us was doing that and was warned off of that. )Sandy at the Front Desk of the hotel was VERY helpful and had excellent dining suggestions. The staff during the day we found not as knowledgeable. Chez L'Epicier - Old Montreal, not a long walk, very nice, neighbourhood atmosphere. Quality food, well prepared and presented. ($130)Holders - West Old Montreal, convenient to Metro, bistro fare. Less expensive than L'Epicier. We need to eat quickly because we had an 8pm show to catch. Service was delivered with a smile. ($80)Le Jardin Nelson - Place Jacques Cartier. Yes - you're right in the heart of touristown but they have a pleasant atmosphere for lunch and our serveuse (Elyse) was very friendly and helpful. ($70)St-Denis - We spent a day on St-Denis, shopping and sitting in cafes. Time well wasted, as they say! Excellent coffee at La Brulerie (there might be more to the name...).You'll need reservations for the better restaurants. Sandy at the Front desk was very helpful in getting us in to the first two places mentioned above. Also enjoyable for late night drinks is Crescent Street (it's party time on a Saturday night!) - if you enjoy live music, there are bands everywhere!	
Apr 2 2005	19th Century charm plus 21st Century style	Just returned from 4 nights last week at the XIXe Siecle. The location in Vieux Montreal is great--just blocks from Notre Dame, the Old Port, shopping, dining, and the Square Victoria Metro Station. The staff was great, they were so friendly and helpful each day. The European-style breakfast is elegantly presented in a stately room by cheery attendants and the croissants are OUTSTANDING! We loved our stay there. Other reviews on this site helped me make my choice to stay here, and now hopefully I can help you make yours.	
Mar 22 2005	Charming Hotel	This hotel is superb. The charming and handsome concierge who upgraded our room to the master suite, at no extra charge, was even more superb. I went with my mom for a weekend; all of the staff, except for one, were enthusiastic and patient in providing us with ideas as to what to do at night, etc. The style of the rooms is neo-classical / post-colonial, with high ceilings and a large bed; the style is somewhat spare and it seems that more furniture could be used to decorate the interior.The bathroom is clean and well-equipped with the requisite toiletries. The complementary breakfast buffet was lovely, including cheese, hams, fresh croissants, and bagels.Overall, a delightful experience; God bless the concierge!	
Mar 11 2005	IT is nice	Nice hotel, good location. High ceilings, spacy rooms. Very clean, and helpful staff. Just watch out for the price of the drinks at the lobby bar - they are about $10 a shot. Overall, good value for the money paid.	
Mar 9 2005	Fantastic place with atmosphere	We stayed five nights in february in the Xixe Siecle and we would love tocome back as soon as possible! Staff is excellent,more than helpful andtaking care of us...rooms are cosy and huge, bathrooms very stylish andthe breakfast room is just great! Excellent location in Old Montreal closeto nice restaurants. We came from Europe and found a little dream placein Montreal....we can just highly recommend this hotel!!!!	
Mar 9 2005	A Safe but Boring Choice	The building is beautiful, it appears to be upscale from the exterior. The rooms are somewhat utilitarian, no real style... homey tho, you'll feel as tho you're staying at your grandparents'.The staff were not warm or terribly helpful, in fact somewhat disinterested. The TV didn't work, the water had to run for 5 minutes before it became hot. I stayed here and at Saint Sulpice... it is laughable that they are listed as same category... the Sulpice is miles above XIX in every way especially as far as service.	
Feb 24 2005	Heater is so noisy and no respond to your concern	I booked one night on expedia for this hotel. Heater is so noisy keep me awake all night. Turned off the heater and it's so cold so I turned the heater on again. No water to drink, no coffee for the morning. Water for bath is not hot. Room photos shown on the Expedia are quite different from the room I got. I won't even give a try to come back for this hotel.	
Jan 4 2005	Great small hotel	We just stayed at the hotel for a few nights over the New Year. The hotel was better than we expected. We were impressed as soon as we walked into the lobby since it looked even nicer than the pictures on their website. The rooms have high ceilings, comfortable bed, nice amenities. The staff was also courteous and helpful. We would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Dec 22 2004	Good Place to Stay But Watch the Extra Costs!	My wife, baby and I stayed here in August 2003 for three nights.The staff was very courteous, the room was great, and the location in Vieux Montreal could not be beat. We ate breakfast every day at a wonderful restaurant called Eggspectation, which is just down the street.The only thing you should NOT do is ask the hotel to do your laundry. We asked them to do one load, and they did it well. However, it was outrageously expensive, something like $50!!!!	
Oct 25 2004	Wonderful but not everything I expected..	My wife and I just spent a wonderful long weekend in Montreal celebrating our 10th anniversary. We stayed at the Hotel XIXe Siecle and enjoyed our time there. The hotel's location in Old Montreal was convenient for exploring the city and it's history, and the staff was very willing to please and was extremely helpful in arranging dinner reservations, directing us to the best sites to see, and making our stay pleasant. However, athough we had a great time, there seemed to be something missing at the Hotel XIXe Siecle that I just can't put my finger on. It wasn't a bad experience by any account (and I would definitely recommend the hotel to others) but it wasn't the most amazing either.	
Sep 28 2004	WONDERFUL STAFF WONDERFUL HOTEL!		
Sep 7 2004	Classy establishment		
Sep 1 2004	Great hotel quiet location		
Aug 18 2004	Classic Comfort		
Jul 29 2004	Home away from home		
Jun 30 2004	Would definitely stay here again		
Jan 23 2004	Good value but something missing..		
Jan 20 2004	Repeat Lodger		
Oct 21 2003	I'd recommend Hotel XIXe Siecle		
Sep 29 2003	Fantastic Small Hotel in Old Montreal		
Oct 25 2009 	REPOSANT		
