	Pricy Busy and Well Located	We forgot how many times we’ve been to that hotel. The location is very convenient for us.This is not the most peaceful hotel; it’s big and busy, however very well located restaurants, bars, disco, shopping etc. Like most Sheraton Hotel the rooms have been refurbish, and are clean and cozy. The overall service and staff is decent, but not great, and this is not due to a language barrier because we’re fully bilingual. Some of the staff members would require a refresher course on customer relationship.Overnight interior self-serve parking is $20.00, you can park in a nearby exterior parking lot for less than $10.00. For food quality and price venture to local restaurants in the vicinity, the choice and variety is remarkable.M &amp; L D, Ottawa	
Nov 25 2009 	Great hotel and location!	As a Starwood Preferred Guest Gold Member, no upgrade was available at check-in. However, I was provided with complimentary access to the Club Lounge. Upon entering the lounge, when I gave my hotel room number, the attendant called the front desk and was advised I was not eligible. This was rather embarrassing!	
Nov 23 2009 	Great location - sloppy maintenance 	This hotel is in a great location, very central to everything. My room had an amazing view of the mountain, and the bed was very comfortable. However, the room, despite apparently being recently updated, looked tired. Weird decor &amp; color combinations, and the carpet felt nasty (rough) underfoot, as well as being ugly. If this is a renovation, they should get their money back. No mini-fridge in the room. Housekeeping was sloppy and erratic - one day, wet towels were left on the side of the tub. Another day, a towel and a dust rag were left in the room. My ice bucket (full of melted ice in the morning) was not emptied out on two days. Sometimes I got new tea bags, other days I didn't get new tea bags. Someone else's room service cart with leftover food was left sitting outside my room for most of a day. The pop machine on my floor was out of order the day I arrived, and it had not been fixed when I left, 7 days later..... The front desk folks were very helpful and friendly, but I was not impressed with the overall maintenance and housekeeping. Food at this hotel was generally good, but one day they served Montreal bagels for our conference - they were yesterday's bagels and they were stale/hard. The local Montreal folks were mortified. Considering how much everything cost at this hotel, you would think they could get fresh bagels that morning. The meeting rooms were nice - it was a good hotel for this conference, but I would not likely stay here if it wasn't the conference hotel.	
Nov 20 2009 	Decent weekend at the Sheraton	My husband and I stayed here with our 9 month old for a weekend. We used Starwood points for our stay and booked a room on the club floor. A few days before our stay, we got an email offering an upgrade to a suite for just $20.00/night, so of course we took advantage of this. When traveling with a baby, the more space the better. We got a really nice suite on the club floor. It was basically 2 rooms with an open door between them. One of the rooms was set up as a bedroom and the other was a living room. The club lounge had amazing views of the city and was a nice place to start off the day for breakfast or unwind for a drink and some snacks after a long day of sightseeing. The breakfast was fine - the typical things you'd find in a continental breakfast buffet. At night, though, it was not the best selection of food - mozzarella sticks that had stayed out too long, or were stale, and some other odd choices. But it was free, so who can complain?! The alcoholic drinks, however, were not free, and you can expect to pay typical hotel prices for these. The location was good, right in the middle of everything in the Downtown area. We ordered room service, and it was exactly what you'd expect from room service, but was not disappointing.All in all, it was a good stay with no complaints, and we would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 10 2009 	great renovations	Living just south of the Canadian border in Upstate New York, my wife and I from time to time go to Montreal for a nice getaway. Years ago, when the Expos were there, I started staying at the Sheraton because all the visiting baseball teams stayed there. As the years passed, it just so happend that I stayed at other hotels, sometimes because they were the sites of conferences I was attending. I kind of forgot about the Sheraton. I had noticed in driving by the hotel that the lobby had been redone but had not gone inside to take a look. Last week, we went to dinner in Montreal and stayed the night. We decided to stay at the Sheraton and we were very glad we did. They have done a wonderful job on renovating the hotel, particularly the lobby. The front of the hotel on Rue Rene Levesque is glass sided for the first two stories. Under the previous arrangement, guests did not get to experience how spectacular this could be. The bar was tucked off on the side in a windowless area. It has now been moved to the front of the lobby. Anyone sitting at the bar or at tables or sofas throughout this area is in for a treat. My wife and I had a drink and finger foods while sitting on a sofa and just people watched pedestrians going by. The tables have wing-backed chairs and are also very pleasant (We had a nightcap there after dinner.) Lest I concentrate too much on the lobby bar, the entire hotel has been spiffed up. Our room was a good size and since we are members of the Starwood Preferre Guest program, we were placed on a separate floor. I don't precisely how this affected our room amenities, but the room was nice. The Sheraton has always had a great location, close by everything downtown yet just out of the way of the hub bub of St. Catherine Street. The Bonaventure (Hilton) and Chateau Champlain (Marriott) are lovely hotels but they are just slightly out of the way and down a short incline from most of downtown. If you have not been to the Sheraton in a while, I think it would be worth it to check out the changes, particularly if you can get a good rate.	
Nov 8 2009 	Excellent weekend getaway	Over Thanksgiving weekend, I decided last minute to head to Montreal, and thought I'd try out the Centre Sheraton. Now I've been in it before, though I had heard that the whole hotel had been recently renovated and so I looked forward to seeing what it had to (newly) offer. Not only was I surprised, but my expectations were surpassed. Here's a breakdown of the stay:Parking and Check in: Check in was quick, efficient, and the front desk worker was very efficient and friendly. I've stayed at many hotels in Montreal, and I can say that this one had the best value (under 20$) for parking costs, and with it being at a central location, I was impressed. The room:I had booked a Deluxe room and was put on one of the top SPG floors. The Deluxe room was probably about 10$ more than the standard room, but had a full sized couch (also a pull-out) so I thought it was worth it. The website still has some pictures from before the entire hotel being renovated, but the room was larger than most, comfortable bed, LCD television, and what was interesting was that it was wired and set up that you could connect media from your laptop directly to the TV, as well as a USB connector (I was able to charge my iPod with its cord without needing an adapter to plug it into the wall)I was pretty sure that each room would come with an MP3 dock, but apparently that's only on the Club rooms (for now). The bathroom was also nicely updated!I saw the pool and gym briefly, though didn't use them. They looked decent, though. I definitely would recommend staying at the Centre Sheraton for a GREAT value, it's RIGHT NEXT to the Bell Centre if there's a game or concert you want to check out. You'll be glad you did!	
Nov 7 2009 	Great location service and value	As someone who spent five years living in Montreal, I knew what I needed for this trip. Looked online and found this hotel for a great deal! $120 CAD a night, including all taxes. Can't go wrong. The hotel is centrally located, an easy walk from the train station. We were heading to the hockey game, and this hotel is ACROSS THE STREET. Great hotel, really really quiet. Can't say that we used any of the amenities of the hotel, or even the service per se, but it was a great stay all around. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.	
Nov 7 2009 	Perfect place for a nice weekend in town	Very nice staff, they where very helpfull in planing our weekend ( museum and activity for the little one). Food a bit pricy but so many good restaurant around. The room was perfect. And the pool-sauna area is really nice and quiet.	
Oct 30 2009 	Amazing hotel with amazing customer service...	Arrived in the morning and was able to check in without any trouble. Excellent customer service as I was attended to almost instantly after walking through the turn-about entrance.We received a corner room with facing west, with views of Mont-Royal. The room was clean and comfortable with a large LCD TV. This hotel is within walking distance to the metro station and within walking distance to great nightlife and shopping.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great Stay But....	Good location, good staff, nice room but no restaurant in the hotel for evening meals if you have children. If you have children you are directed to the &quot;family&quot; area which is three small tables, basically in the lobby. I would not have stayed there if I had known this. Of course, room service was available.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great hotel great location.	Very nice hotel in the heart of downtown Montreal. I've stayed at pretty much all the four star properties in the downtown area (Fairmont, Marriott Chateau Champlain, etc) and I think this one is the nicest. While it's not connected directly to the metro like the Fairmont, Hilton and Marriott it does have a great location convenient to nightlife, restaurants, St. Catherine's, etc. The rooms though can't be beat. They've been very recently updated, great furnishings, huge LCD TV, giant granite and slate bathroom and some of the most comfortable bedding you'll sleep on in a hotel. Rooms are very clean, staff was friendly and helpful. Parking was conveniently in the hotel and was average price ($20 CAD). Didn't try the restaurant but the bar did look VERY nice. I think this may be my new go-to place in Montreal.	
Oct 16 2009 	How wonderful the hotel and its staff!!!	Hi, My name is Tsering and I would like to share this wonderful experience of me and my siblings who stayed at your hotel for three nights.When we first arrived the gentlemen at the front desk took great care of us and we had no problems checking in.The check-in was fast and professional.The moment we enter our room it gives us feel at home, we requested for a fridge prior to our arrival and it was there. The room was spotlessly clean and smells fresh.What we like the most is the swimming pool which is so well maintained and also the design and deepness of the pool is perfect for all guest, no matter it is for kid as the level of deepness is not that deep so we really enjoyed swimming in your pool.The location was the prime reason we choose your hotel because we came to attend His Holiness The Dalai Lama's public talk which held at the Bell Centre and it was just a walking distance. Overall our experiences in your hotel is so memorable and whenever we drop in Montreal in near future we will definitely stay at your hotel.	
Oct 14 2009 	Perfect stay!	This hotel was in the perfect spot, handy to everything we wanted to see. It was very clean and the staff was always cleaning something-the hallways or rooms. The rooms were very quiet and relaxing along with really comfy beds! The staff was very friendly and helpful as well. We would definately stay here again!	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful Find at a Very Terrific Price	I booked the Sheraton Le Centre Montreal Hotel with minimal expectations, primarily due to paying less than $100 for the 1 night room on Hotwire. However, my girlfriend and I exceedingly impressed with the property due to many factors, including its terrific located (central to both Old Montreal and Mont Royal), modernly designed guest rooms, FREE wi-fi for your laptop, reasonably priced parking ($20 CAD/night) a nice pool and exercise facility, and overall staff curteousness. We would return to this hotel in a heartbeat and was very pleased with our stay.	
Oct 8 2009 	Stay for the beds!	The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was recently renovated and comfortable. The bed was the best! Hotel is located downtown near shopping, but it's easy to get around using the metro or the BIXI bike share.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great stay	Very nice stay at the Sheraton in downtown Montreal. Got a room on the 9th floor. A little smaller than what I'm used to but very comfortable. Love those pillows !!Putting the ice machines next to the service elevator is weird. It's not a part of the hotel that guests should have to see.Nice pool and hot tub.This is a great downtown location. Can't miss.	
Sep 27 2009 	A nice romantic getaway	We decided to enjoy a &quot;staycation&quot; of sorts by travelling from Ottawa to Montreal instead of heading down south to an all -inclusive for our second wedding anniversary. We decided to try the Sheraton downtown Montreal as we have stayed at the Sheraton in other cities and enjoyed our stay. Upon arrival I mentioned that I was a Gold Member and received a complimentary upgrade to the 30th floor, a King room, with a gorgeous view of Montreal and Mont-Royal - perfect for watching the sunset. The room was recently renovated, luxurious bedding, very clean and modern decor. The room was quiet, we managed to sleep in until at least 9am every day, no late night or early morning interruptions. My only complaint would be the lack of a mini-fridge in the room. As we were staying multiple nights it would have been nice to be able to stock some cold beverages &amp; snacks. The hotel was walking distance to Old Montreal, Mont-Royal &amp; St-Catharines street.	
Sep 15 2009 	Luxury at The Sheraton	We took a short break (Monday to Friday) whilst visiting family in Toronto. We arrived at the hotel on foot from the VIA rail station which is just a short (4-5 minute) walk away and walked up to reception, handed them my email booking and they handed me my room key after recording the details of the credit card. Took all of 3 minutes and we were on our way up to 34th floor in a high speed lift. Amazingly quick check in and despatch to our room. We were in room 3421 and it was a corner Club room. We opened the door and gasped with pleasure. The room was beautiful, modern and spacious. The wardrobe was plenty big enough and the marble bathroom was large as well. The shower was very good and the toiletries provided were first class and replenished daily. Plenty of towels as well including face cloths. There was a hair dryer and a safe in the wardrobe. There was an easy chair, a desk, internet access and this huge TV. The decoration of the room was great and very comfortable. The bed was extremely comfortable and adorned with 4 huge soft pillows. The room was cleaned expertly daily and the staff very courteous and smiled a lot. The Club Room on 37th Floor was fabulous as well and the staff there again were smiling and helpful. The buffet breakfast was plentiful and replenished continuously. Fresh coffee ground coffee as well. The hors d'oeurves from 5 pm were a bonus too if you didn't want to eat until late as well and quite a variety as well. The bar on the ground floor was lively as this was also a conference hotel but that did not interfere with us in any way at all, I was worried that the club room might get too busy for us to find a seat, but that was never the case. There was a nice pool, whirlpool, sauna and outside sun area on 6th floor which was never crowded and always clean. The only fault that I could find with this hotel, and I am digging deep here, was that there was no mirror over the desk so drying my hair in comfort was a little awkward and I would have liked a flatter pillow as I have neck problems (told you I was digging deep). Checkout was just as simple as check in and no queues. The concierge was fine as well, but we only used her once and she came up with what we asked for. We were a 30 minute walk from Old Montreal and St Catherine Street with all the shopping was just behind the hotel. Metro and VIA rails station all close by. All in all, I highly recommend ia stay at this hotel if you like polite, discrete, friendly professional staff and a great room with a great view and Club facilities. Worth every penny! Oh, another unexpected bonus, we caught the end of the film festival and were treated to an expert outdoor display of acrobatics, music and other activities absolutely free!	
Sep 13 2009 	Beautiful rooms terrible service	My spouse and I stayed at this property for two nights for a little getaway. We had booked this room as a reward stay for one night and a regular rate for the following night. Even before we arrived there were problems with our reservation. The information on the reservations was incorrect and they had us booked in two rooms for one night. It was a good thing I called to ensure that everything was correct before we arrived. That was strike one.When you arrive at this property it looks like any other nicely maintained large scale hotel; large lobby, large lounge and restaurant area, connections to shopping areas etc. The check in process was fine but I felt that the staff were not very polite. There were two conventions in the hotel while we were there so I can understand that the staff may have been rushed/tired etc., but first impressions and customer service count for a great deal, so suck it up.Since I'm an SPG member I was upgraded to the SPG (31st) floor of the hotel. The room was spacious with beautiful linens and a lovely view of downtown Montreal and Mount Royal. The money that the Sheraton chain spent on their worldwide reservations has been a good investment as the room are really quite nice.My issue with our stay was the service we received. As part of the renovations each room in the hotel now has a nice flat screen television with an area that allow HDMI and VGA hookups from your laptop to the television. Since we prefer the Starwood group of hotels we were aware that most properties have this feature and brought proper cables along to watch movies from our laptop on the television. We had problems getting the audio function of this interface to work and called to front desk for some help. After about 20 minutes a general maintenance worker came to our room and tried to 'fix' the problem. I get that not everyone knows how this type of interface works but do not send someone without the proper expertise to fix the issue! We never did get that problem resolved. It's also probably good for me to point out that the tv, while capable of producing a high definition picture, is not connected to any high definition channels.My second issue was the extremely early knock on the door that I got for the delivery of our hotel bills and the lack of coordination with our hotel reservations. Since one night was a reward stay and the other was a regular rate stay the hotel kept these as separate folios, so I got separate invoices, even though I expressly asked for them to be combined both when calling in advance of our arrival and upon arrival. Now in most hotels that we have visited, and we have stayed in many worldwide, your invoice arrives in the middle of the night, typically slid under the door. At this property, however, the staff felt it necessary to knock on our door and wake us for the delivery of this invoice at 7:50 am on a Saturday. Now I know that for the early riser this may not be that great of an inconvenience, but this was supposed to be a romantic getaway where we could sleep late and do things at our own pace. In addition to this inconvenience, we were awoken again an hour later by housekeeping and were harassed an additional time in the morning by housekeeping again even though we had a 'do not disturb' sign on our door. I would like to note that this same early morning knock on the door with the bill and the early housekeeping arrival happened again on the second morning.As part of our getaway we wanted to take in some of the sights and attractions that Montreal has to offer. We called the concierge and learned that the hotel carried discount tickets to the Biodome. We indicated that we were going to pick up some tickets and that we were coming right down. When we arrived at the concierge's desk, no one was there and we encountered the third issue with this stay. We waited about 20 minutes for someone to show up and help us. We spoke to the bell captain and another lady who both said that there was nothing that they could do to assist and that we would have to wait. I understand that staff are entitled to breaks and such, but if you know you are going to be away for more than a few minutes, leave a sign or some indication of when you will return. When the concierge returned we told him that we were waiting for a while and he brushed us off stating that he had 'other stuff to do' and that's why he wasn't available. Not a good excuse when your sole function is to provide guests with a service.Our fourth problem with this stay reared its head when we arrived back at the hotel that afternoon. Our keys did not work on our room door any longer. Since our reservations were not amalgamated, like I requested twice before, our keys' functionality expired and we had to get them re-magnetized. On its own, this would have been a mild hindrance, but it was just adding to the other annoyances we had already experienced.Our fifth problem was our final bill. Since the reservations were not amalgamated we were charged incorrectly for certain items, namely internet and parking. We were charged double for the internet and charged for valet parking, even though we used the self park option. I had to call the hotel after we left to confirm that the extra charges were removed. (An aside on self parking vs valet: use the self park and save a few bucks as the valet and self park are all housed in the same parking structure that is part of the hotel.)Needless to say, our experience was really soured by this lack of good service. This hotel really ends up giving the Starwood chain a bad name in Montreal. We will not be staying here again. If you are looking for a beautiful room with bad service, this is the hotel for you.	
Sep 12 2009 	Couldn't ask for a nicer hotel!	My husband, myself and another couple just returned from a three night stay at the Le Centre. Our room was immaculate, very comfortable and had a beautiful view of the city from the 28th floor. The room had plenty of space to put away a lot of clothes ( I don't travel light). Although there was a charge for internet in the room we had no trouble connecting in the public spaces. Breakfast in the restaurant was served promptly, we never had to wait for a table, and offered an extensive menu with lots of healthy choices.The concierge was very helpful and suggested a lovely bistro (Laloux).The day after we checked out we discovered we had left an expensive new purchase in the room. To our amazement the housekeeping staff had promptly turned it in and the hotel Federal Expressed it to us within a day of arriving home.	
Sep 10 2009 	Terrible Experience	We were given room 3621, a room on the last Club Room VIP floor, and the room was so noisy we woke up at 2:00 am and called to get the room changed to another one on the 35TH floor which had less noise. Anyway they told us that the mechanical room was righ on top. MY question is: Why don't they fix it?	
Sep 8 2009 	What a pleasant surprise............	My wife and I arrived in Montreal to celebrate our anniversary on the Friday afternoon of the Labour Day long weekend for a 2 night stay. We chose this hotel because of the location and the fact that it had a gym and a pool. Thanks to the great reviews and comments on TA, I booked the hotel approxiamtely three weeks before we arrived and requested a upper floor room since I new they were recently renovated. Check in was a breeze and the staff were very friendly and spoke to us in english once they realized that we didn't speak french. We were granted a 30 floor room which was a Starwood club members floor (to which we are not members). The room was immaculate and looked like it was recently renovated. The bed was very inviting and comfortable with crisp white sheets and a nice comfy duvet. The view was amazing! The room was equipped with a 37' flat screen tv and a brand new arm chair with matching table. the room had ample storage space and a safe and iron in the closet. The bathroom as absolutely spotless and had all the necessary lotions, shampoo's and towels we needed. The hotel was really quiet and we only heard our neighbours when they rounded up their small children in the hallway before leaving the hotel. Maps and directions were easy to obtain from the front desk in the lobby. We decided to use the hotel's self-park for $20.00 per night. (more about parking in a minute).So we checked in sometime around 4:00 pm Friday and opted to drop off our bags in the room and then headed out to enjoy the late afternoon sunshine in downtown Montreal. We grabbed a map and out we went. We turned the corner from the hotel and found ourselves on Stanley st. heading towards St. Catherines. About 50 yards from the hotel there was indoor parking for $13.00 a night. We wanted to kick ourselves for not looking before chosing the hotels parking however in the end I think we made the right choice given that we were allowed to come and go vs spending the $13.00 and staying put. We walked and shopped on St. Catherines street visiting the Eaton centre before finding a wine and beer store to buy some goodies for later.After a few hours of walking we decided to stop and have a beverage at Guido's and Angelina's Italian restaurant. The restaurant was a open to St. Catherine's so we grabbed a table right on the rail and to watch the hustle and bustle of a long weekend Friday rush hour. We had a few drinks and watched as people around us had what looked like great pasta and pizza so we decided to have an early dinner and ordered pizza while gazing out onto the street as the sun started to set on the city.Food was relatively good for a place on the main drag. We arrived back at the hotrel at 8:15 pm and decided to try out the pool. I've read many comments about the screaming kids taking over however we didn't experience that on either of our two visits to pool area. We enjoyed the hot tub (finally a hotel with a real hot tub as opposed to a luke warm tub) and enjoyed swiming in the pool. There we about 5 kids in the pool but for the most part they were well behaved. After the swim and tubby we headed back to the room and ordered a movie and called in a night.Saturday we woke up and enjoyed the Starbucks coffee the hotel provided before heading out to have breakfast at Cora's (which was just around the corner). As with every Cora's we waited in line for about 20 minutes before we were seated. After a enjoyable breakfast we headed out for our 25 minute walk to Old Montreal. The sun was shining and it was warm as we walked through the cobblestone streets enjoying every minute of the beautiful town. We waled the harbour front area and then found a wonderul rooftop patio over looking the port for drinks. The restaurant/bar was called Narcisse and offered a great view of the area.We then left Old Montreal heading back to the hotel to grab the car and take a tour of Montreal and in particular Mt. Royal. We drove through some beautiful areas of Montreal. The town of Mount Royal was remarkable and had a amazing look out area to stop and take pictures of the city including a great shot of the Olympic Stadium. After the tour we headed back to the hotel for another fun and enjoyable swim and hot tub (about 6-7 kids in the pool at around 4:30 on a sat afternoon). We headed back to the room to start to get ready to go out for dinner and enjoy a glass of wine. We headed out around 7:30 pm and made our way to Cresent st to explore all the restaurants and their menu's searching for that perfect spot. One of the more recent reviews of the hotel recommended Enzo's as a gret place to eat however when we got there the place was closed down for good.We walked a while before spotting a restaurant with a great upper outdoor patio overlooking Cresent st which was getting busier and busier as the night moved on.The restaurant was called Pino's and we had a fabulous table and had a ever better dinner experience. The food and wine coupled with the excitement of a Saturday night on a warm Labour Day weekend was amazing. we throughly enjoyed the entire evening from start to finish. We joked about stopping by one of the many clubs close by however we were far too full (and tipsy) to sweat it up on the dance floor that night. We loved the walk back to the hotel (10 minutes) before turning in for the night.Check out was a breeze and off we went very pleased and satisifed with our excellent two night stay in beautiful and vibrant Montreal.	
Sep 8 2009 	Lovely stay	We're not sure that Sheratons are universally considered 4-star, as was advertised where we booked (indeed, it says 3-star on TripAdvisor), however the room was modern with nice bedding and other furnishings. Nice pool/amenities. Handy location. We weren't impressed with the long lineup at check-in, but the rest of the stay was lovely.	
Sep 7 2009 	good hotel in downtown Montreal	Had a nice room with a huge bed, with a great view. Newly renovated room, with nice decor. Very clean, nice bathroom.Great location if you want to be right downtown, and convenient parking.The staff was courteous and friendly. No complaints.I was lucky enough to get this room by bidding for a 4star hotel in downtown Montreal on Priceline. I would stay here again if the price was right, but I generally prefer staying on Sherbrooke Ouest if I am visiting Montreal.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great stay!	Booked through priceline and was really impressed with the room. I was put into a basic room on the 18th floor. It had an awesome view of Montreal. The room was recently renovated and had a modern decor. Overall it was fairly small, but this was ok because I was travelling solo. The bed was quite comfortable, although it didn't seem like a king size bed (more like a smaller queen size). Bathroom was modern and clean.I was impressed and would stay there again.	
Sep 5 2009 	excelent accommodations	stayed 2 days to enjoy Montreal&quot;s downtown and we had a great time. Location is just around the corner to busiest streets in the metro area and rooms are clean, confortable,soundproof and service was excelent. We will definetely stay here again.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great stay!	Stayed three nights. Excellent location. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Great beds! What really impressed me the most was the way the hotel was run! As far as staff goes this is a very well managed property. A+	
Aug 25 2009 	A lovely hotel	The hotel was very modern in appearence and the room was spacious and very clean. We were on the 26th floor with great views of the city. It was a club class room so we had complementary breakfast in the club lounge, it was ok, nothing to shout about, but staff were sometimes slow to refill the food especially when busy. As the club class is for business travellers we assumed it would be business people plus a few others, like ourselves, who paid extra for a nicer room on our honeymoon, therefore adult only. We found the opposite, it was full of families and during breakfast was like a kindergarden. The older children were ok but the younger ones running around, screaming etc wasn't appropriate when you are carrying hot drinks etc.The pool facilities were nice but nowhere to get changed and the pool was full of kids messing around so we didn't go in. The bar area was very plesant and relaxing although the prices were on the dear side.The hotels eating options weren't great, the restaurant wasn't actually open for the 4 days we were there but there are many fantastic places within a 5-10min walk. The Hard Rock was plesant and the Enzo's italian was a great place to eat, typical italian with great food and service. The subway is not far and the tourist info center is just around the corner, where the open top bus and free casino bus go from. Some of the bars/eateries there showed the live UFC as well as the usual football.The shop downstairs was very basic, could have been much better stocked for a hotel of this size. Taxis were plentiful if you required one or to the airport.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great location nice views strange mix of clients	We spent a week at the hotel and stayed on the club floor so the room was nice and the internet was free because we are platinum members. If you are not a platinum member be prepared to pay an outrageous $17/day (tax incl.) for internet access - which is quite slow (too slow to watch video). You can avoid this by going downstairs and using the free wifi, though some may not like this option. The concierge we spoke with a few times (he was German I think, but I do not remember his name) - knows the city very well and is extremely helpful.The room had a newly renovated batroom which was very nice. The bedsheets were crisp and clean. The flatscreen was also very nice. The views from our room (looking onto Mt. Royal) were fantastic.We never ordered room serivce because, even though I am on an expense accont, it is against my moral fibre to pay $18 + tax + tip + ROOM DELIVERY FEE (!?*%!!?) for a hamburger. The only thing that wasn't very good was a (sometimes) lack of attention on the part of certain staff memebers. For example, in the club lounge on the platinum floor, there were often people who clearly didn't belong hanging about. One afternoon, a group of dubious looking teenagers comfortably installed themselves and we were all treated to the sounds of very colourful language and the tossing of food. Nobody asked them for their room number or their platinum card, though everyone took notice of them - staff included. One family with young children even left because of them. The same group were seen later on that night, drinking at the bar, making a very large scene and two were barely able to walk. I do not understand why there isn't some form of card access to the lounge. This hotel is in a great location and within walking distance to many sightseeing places as well as the metro.	
Aug 16 2009 	Nice Place	Just came back from a 3 night stay..booked on priceline for $80 a night. Used the self park option...$25/day...$15 wifi throughout the room...or free within the lobby...speed is incredibly slow..forget downloading movies/t.v shows. Its a 30min walk to Old Montreal...or a 5min subway ride...subway located a few minutes away from the hotel..$2.75 for the subway. Staff very friendly...needed extra creamers for coffee..was delivered within 10mins...A/C worked great...I'm a light sleeper but hotel has thick walls seperating rooms...could not hear a thing...5 min walk to bell centre...for drinks/snacks..head to esso next to bell centre..mount royal about 30mins walk..all of it uphill...wear comfy shoes ladies...shopping/dining all on rue st. catherine...few mins walk from hotel..all in all a nice hotel..would stay here again.	
Aug 8 2009 	Wonderful Stay!	We had a very pleasant experience staying here, from the time we arrived until we left 4 days later. We took the suggestion from another reviewer and asked for a renovated room on an upper floor. The room was beautiful, as was the view. Staff was always friendly and helpful. Really enjoyed the pool, exercise room and outdoor patio on the warm, sunny afternoons. Because there were four of us, it was actually less expensive to take a taxi for $10 to Old Montreal rather than the metro. Being able to get our car in and out with valet parking was key to visiting St. Joseph Oratoire/Mont Royal Parc and the Botanical Gardens at the Olympic Parc. We were also better able to explore some local Farmers Markets and get out of the tourist areas with the car. Loved this hotel, but bring snacks and drinks with you as they are pricey locally.Booked this on Priceline for $85 a night!	
Aug 5 2009 	Standard Sheraton	Standard Sheraton - nothing fancy, clean, good amenities, basically what you can expect from a Sheraton.Close to the metro and shopping on Ste Catherine. Good location	
Jul 25 2009 	Great Staff High-Value Great Location Comfortable Room	Staff was very attentive, room located on the 28th floor and comfortable for 2 adults, includes flat-screen TV, centrally located - 1 block to Saint Catherine St., many dinning options nearby, 5 min walk to underground mall. On site gym was adequate, pool was packed with kids which got in the way of a casual swim/laps. Everything worked-out in the end. Hotwire room rate was less than $90/night for a period of 9 nights - high-value - great rate! Wi-Fi connection is free throughout the lobby/bar area - otherwise $15 charge in room - so we went downstairs - money better spent for drinks at the bar in the lobby - go figure ;-)	
Jul 24 2009 	Decent hotel	This is a decent hotel. Dont except great. The room was nice. The amenities were good. The location is good for sightseeing. Most of the landmarks are closeby. The dining options are not great at the hotel. But, there are lots of good restaurants nearby. There was a billing issue that the hotel staff didnt resolve. Luckily, the sheraton corporate customer service was enough to take care of. Overall, a good hotel.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location	We went up to Montreal for a night to meet up with some friends and chose the Sheraton as I found a great rate on the Starwood website ($135). Location is very good - easy to find while driving into the city. We got there early (around noon) and were able to check in. The hotel had no rooms left in the category that we booked so we were upgraded to suite which was great! We were traveling with our 5 month old so it was nice to have the extra room for us to hang out while the baby slept. We did the self park option - $20. A good deal for city/hotel parking IMO. We paid $40 at the W back in December.Staff was very courteous - we decided that we should have brought our pack &amp; play so we called the front desk and they had one sent up to us...was there in 10 minutes. Location is great - right downtown. Easy walk up to the action on Ste-Catherine and across the street from the Bell Centre. We will for sure stay here again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Good stay for families	For about $100/night via Hotwire, the Sheraton was a great deal. I requested a renovated room; it was clean and the bed was super comfortable. Although we know the hotel was busy for Jazz Fest, we never once heard our neighbors -- great soundproofing. The bathroom had an excellent showerhead and eco-friendly two-flush Toto toilet. As far as service and amenities go, umbrellas were always made available during the drizzly week. Concierge Maria was especially helpful in our ventures outside the city proper. The pool attendant was friendly to our toddler. (The pool was beautiful and had a wide variety of playthings for children.)Other than that, it was what you'd expect from a Sheraton. The one complaint I have is the $14.95 CDN charge for high-speed Internet. Wi-fi is almost a standard in most business-level hotels in the heart of the city; I was sad to see this hotel lag behind in that regard.	
Jul 11 2009 	Pleasant surprise	For starters let me preface this review by stating I was given the employee discount which made the room extremely affordable ($79/night and 50% off meals). Notwithstanding that, with my Starwood status we were immediately upgraded to the starwood preferred floor. I must say, regardlss of price, this business hotel proved to be quite nice. I took my partner to Montreal for a memorial day getaway and we made the hotel our &quot;home base&quot;. The staff was great from the moment we checked in. The pool area was nice, despite the screaming kids. Wasn't pleased with the cleanliness of the pool (hair...etc) but it served it's purpose (my partner loves to swim). The restaurant was decent as we are breakfast there, and we had room service a few times. The room was nice, bed was comfy and the bathroom was clean. We also ate at the tarwood lounge upstairs and it was good as well. The parking is underground and we dubbed it &quot;the bowels of hell&quot; as the temp was 90. Overall this hotEl is not a W or any other boutique-y hotel but It is centrally located and if u get a good deal u will be satisfied with ur choice.	
Jul 10 2009 	Nice hotel great pool and location-but	so not child friendly!! We have a 2 year old and when we asked Concierge for a dinner location, they sent us to a restaurant that was just not appropriate for a toddler! and then we find out from our credit card company that the restaurant is under investigation for fraudulent charging and our card got cancelled!! thankfully we had a second card! Anyway the room was lovely, king bed was comfy but the pillows were too soft. We were able to park and come and go as we pleased without having to pay everytime we came back. close to restaurants and shopping...about 15-20m walk to old Montreal...	
Jul 8 2009 	Average hotel good service great location	We just got back from Montreal where we had a great time at the jazz fest. The Sheraton was a standard hotel - clean, great lobby/concierge area, and great views (we stayed on the 29th floor and also went to the Club Floor for breakfast/hors d'ouvres). Compared to other Sheratons we have stayed at, I have to say the room was not as comfortable/nice as other ones. The bedding and sheets looked older, as did the decor in general. It was average and definitely nothing to complain about, but just a little shabby.The service was good and the location was great - in the heart of the city and very close to the Place des Arts (jazz festival). It was also only a 20-min walk or so to Old Montreal - a very walkable city all in all.It was a fine hotel, but nothing fancy, so just expect that.	
Jul 2 2009 	AWESOME STAY	ive been to montreal 4 times now and and i have stayed here 3x.. everything is always wonderful.. they recently had a renovation...it looks nicer, bathrooms seem bigger. but for some reason the rooms look smaller and no mini bar with fridge maybe they arent done but nevertheless its still nice the location was GREAT very central.pros: the price ( got it on priceline) indoor pool and jaquzzi, location central to EVERYTHING..they even allowed us to check in earlycons: parking fee, stupid parking attendant,	
Jun 30 2009 	great location	Hotel was a very nice hotel. Great location. Room was very comfortable. Great bed with clean white sheets and cover. 20.00 to park, 17.00 to get online.	
Jun 23 2009 	A very disappointing Sheraton	Not having stayed at this property before I wasn't sure about it....I've read the other reviews and I can't relate. Granted it's located close to shopping, but remember it's a downtown hotel. It's a hotel geared to conferences and that's the feel I got from it. Nothing special, and for what I was paying not too great.Front desk was attentive, however being a SPG Platinum member I was treated no differently. Sure, I was upgraded to a nicer room but I came away with the feeling, everyone's treated the same and to me that's a cardinal no-no in the business environment they're in. My colleague who's a Hilton HHonors member couldn't believe they didn't separate SPG members from non members. A quick review of certain things. The lobby bar; $10CD for an on tap beer (LaBatt's Blue). At the lobby restaurant; breakfast was $23CD for 2 eggs, meat, bread, potatoes with coffee and juice. Now, as a customer I have the option of paying or not, and for my first day I did then I went outside the hotel for my morning meals and pre-dinner drinks.In room internet at a price? Sorry, but this day and age that's just wrong especially when I've stayed at other Sheraton's and have received it for free. This is just another knock on this hotel.Wifi, well for the first two days I was attending my conference, it didn't work or was spotty at best. When asked, the only response I received was they were working on it. Again, from a customer service perspective, not too positive in my eye.Just to let you know I did bring up each and every point to hotel management. Also, I wasn't looking for any compensation just an observation from one business owner to another. In all fairness, the hotel had plenty of umbrellas to hand out when it rained. My bed, just outstanding but the view they gave me wasn't too great. Having an office building across from you kinda makes it hard to enjoy the view when everyone has the ability to look in. Can I recommend this hotel. If you can get it for under a $100 a night I might say yes, but for what other properties are out there, I'd say no.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great service nice hotel...would return!	Nice hotel. Few things did not work in the room and it lacked a minibar. That is the only reason why I did not give this hotel 5 stars, but the people at this hotel were just wonderful and I mean everybody! The food at the main restaurant was a bit pricey, but good, however they would serve my 3 years old daughter full portions for free. The hotel is probably a mile away from the old city. I was there with my daughter so finding a walking route to the old city that felt safe was a must. If you plan to walk there I would not take Rue Peel—despite I was told more than once to go down Rue Peel it did not feel safe to me. The hotel is located on BLVD Renee Levesque. To my best knowledge the best way to walk to the old city is taking a right on Rue University, and then cut through to Rue McGill (and go all the way down to the old city) through Rue St. Jacques. I felt safe there walking with my 3 years old. The hotel is also a block away from Rue St. Catherine where all the nice shops are. Do not forget to ask concierge how to get to the underground city and if you need to rent baby equipment they can help you with that too! (we got a great stroller to visit the city). One last thing, they need to work on their wifi connection. It is a bit spotty and it was hard to connect.	
Jun 7 2009 	Outstanding service accomodations location!	When you are in Montreal, I highly recommend this hotel for it's staff who treat you like royalty, it's location for proximity to the downtown clubs, restaurants, shopping, etc. and it's beautifully renovated rooms with the most comfortable beds you will ever find!	
Jun 5 2009 	Fabulous 7-day stay at a posh hotel	Once booked, reading some reviews regarding this hotel had me somewhat nervous but upon arrival I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel itself was clean, pleasant, updated, and luxuriously appointed. Le Centre Sheraton recently remodeled their rooms. I presented my SPG card at check-in and was upgraded to a King guestroom overlooking the St. Lawrence River. An elegant tray of fancy bottled water and bowls of chocolate almonds and yogurt raisins placed on the console awaited my arrival. My room was spacious, tastefully decorated with an extremely comfortable bed, 35&quot; plasma TV, and lovely bathroom trimmed in marble. The entire staff from the quick and courteous check-in associates, knowledgeable concierge, and maid service was friendly and first rate. The fantastic maid service ensured my room was spotless during my entire stay. The hotel has a perfect downtown location with easy access to and from the airport. I arrived via Le ‘Aero shuttle bus ($25 Canadian roundtrip) and was the first drop-off. A vast variety of restaurants and fabulous shopping are just steps away as well as the Metro station. This was my first visit to Montreal and plan to return very soon staying once again at Le Centre Sheraton!	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Staff and central location	I stayed at the Sheraton Le Centre Montreal Hotel during Memorial Day weekend and enjoyed my stay. Our room was located on the 32nd floor and had a beautiful view of downtown Montreal and Mont Royal. The room service was good (delicious cheeseburger); concierge helpful (got us tickets to La Ronde amusement park); and the room was clean. The pool was slightly dirty (hair on the bottom of the pool) but the attendant was jovial. I would recommend the property.	
May 30 2009 	Comfortable hotel that is worth staying.	I visited Montreal over the Memorial Day Weekend and stayed at the Sheraton Le Centre Montreal Hotel for a total of 3 nights. Booked the hotel via priceline and got a decent deal. The Sheraton is a clean and comfortable hotel with very friendly staff. The pool and the hot tub were nice and they are located on the 6th floor. The Sheraton is not a fancy NEW hotel like the Westin in Montreal but you can't beat the Sheraton's awesome location. The Sheraton is located only 2 blocks from St. Catherine &amp; Cresent Street. If you want to go out at night and hit the downtown clubs then you are right there. It is important to note that this hotel is not linked directly to the Montreal underground tunnels but the nearest tunnel entrance is only 2-3 blocks away. Parking is a bit expensive at the hotel so I suggest parking at one of the MANY parking lots near the hotel. I paid $10 for 3 days 2 nights (Friday, Sat, Sun) at a parking lot near by (you can't go in-out the lot). The Metro/subway in Montreal is very good so you really do not need a car in the city unless you are planning to venture outside the city. If you want to rent a car, there is a car rental place located directly behind the Sheraton. As for food, there are so many options in Montreal I did not eat at the hotel. The only thing I did not like about the hotel is the cost for the business center. However, I think you can bring your own laptop and get free wireless at the lobby. Overall, I would totally stay at this hotel again.	
May 27 2009 	OK But You Can Do Better	The Sheraton is Montreal’s largest hotel and has recently undergone renovations to its lobby and some of its rooms.Check in:Friendly and fast. The front desk staff is helpful and accommodating.Room:The rooms on above the 22nd floor are all renovated so be sure to call the hotel directly and request a renovated room. Our room was a junior suite and was really just two adjoining rooms, one with a small bedroom and bathroom and one with a living area and second bathroom. The rooms were clean and the bathrooms were well stocked with toiletries. My only complaint would be that the walls are paper thin, so be prepared to hear your neighbours!Location:A fabulous location—walking distance to great shopping and restaurants and close to Old Montreal.Club Lounge:We had club lounge access and it was fair. The breakfast was a continental buffet and appetizers were served nightly and consisted of pub style fare such as sausage rolls, spring rolls, cheese and crackers, chips and pretzels etc... One soft drink is complimentary and alcoholic beverages are additional. The view from the club lounge is lovely but the staff is a bit stuffy.Pool and rooftop patio:The Sheraton has a lovely indoor pool and whirlpool as well as a small exercise room and rooftop patio that you can order room service to—a great feature for warm summer days!Valet:The valet service is a joke. It is extremely expensive and, when you need your car you have to go down in person to ask for it. At all other hotels we have stayed at, when you pay for valet you can call from your room and your car will be waiting for you when you arrive in the lobby. We also found the valet staff rude.Other amenities:Other amenities included a bar and restaurant, gift shop, spa room service and concierge.Overall:Not a bad hotel, but there are other hotels in the area that are better. I visit Montreal several times per year and would recommend the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth - Gold Floor or the Square Philips Hotel instead. I have not tried the Marriott Residence Inn, but from what I have heard that is a great hotel as well.	
May 26 2009 	Sheraton has a new life with a wonderful renovation!I had a great stay!	Stayed here for Memorial day weekend getaway.Ingrid the FDR was great-friendly,cheerful,efficient and hit all the right SPG platinum notes without any prompting from me .As an SPG platinum member I was upgraded to a Jr. Suite on a renovated SPG floor with a great view of Mount Royal. Suite was two normal rooms with one having a very nice sofa,club chair,corner table and coffee table in place of a bed.Living room did have a full bath.The renovations include alll new soft and case goods,new carpet and drapes,and the FANTASTIC new Sheraton bedding package.I loved the color schemes and the quality of materials used is very high.Bathrooms have been totally renovated and look and work great. Full line of Shine by bliss bath products in both bathrooms.New Flat screen TV's with a tech panel built into the dresser adjacent to the desk.Plenty of lighting options with four brand new lamps in each room.The new bed rivals the Westin Bed for comfort and has very high quality white sheets,two duvets(one very light down and the other a heavier fiber fill-the down one was what I used to sleep under)and four king sized pillows with shams.I slept so well in the new bed which is a deep mattress with just the right amount of firmness for me.Club lounge(Available to SPG platinum members and Club Level guests) has not changed.Very good spread at cocktail time and at breakfast.Alcoholic drinks are quite generous for the price charged.Coffee and tea are self serve and free,as are sodas..Still a great view from the lounge On Monday I was in the lounge and a young architecht was there going over the lounge with blueprints -so the lounge might be renovated very soon.Link By Sheraton is planned for later in the year.There is free wifi in the lobby/bar area and in the club lounge.Club lounge has two computer terminals with printers for use by club guests.I was pleasently suprised to see that the folio slipped under my door was 100% accurate since I stayed on a &quot;pay your age&quot;(great promo for some of us !)rate which provided the second and third night at a discount.All together this added up to a great stay!	
May 19 2009 	Newly Renovated	In addition to the convenient location (walking distance to shopping and tourist attractions) and the grand foyer, the Sheraton's recently renovated rooms help creat a fabulous stay. I was told the rooms had been renovated less than two months prior to my stay, and I believe them from the tip-top shape of my room. Everything was very clean. I loved the bathroom decor... and you get a loofah! Room service provides good food, although the wait staff is hit or miss as far as personality goes.	
May 19 2009 	Great location great price Ask for their renovated rooms.	I stayed at the Centre Sheraton Downtown Montreal from May 16 to 18th for our long weekend getaway. I booked through Priceline.com which gave a great price of $56 USD a night plus fees (Average $96USD a night). We checked in early and were given room 807 - we hardly slept that night due to a wind storm and we think our room was located in a wind tunnel which was very noisy and our AC fan stopped working - the room was very outdated and mold in the bathroom. I called front desk at 4 a.m. but no answer and called back around 5 a.m. and spoke to Vicky she told us there weren't any worries to change rooms later in the morning around 10ish since ppl will be check in out. She even offered us two free breakfast at the hotel which was honoured. We got our new renovated room on the 23rd floor.. I&quot;m assuming floor 20 and up are renovated and much updated from the room we had before. So A+ on the service.We ate at the Bar food and service was great.Ate breakfast at the lounge breakfast was average. Probably not worth the regular $20 but it was free.Location is great, you are walking distance to St-Catherine Street, and Crescent Street . Not much to complain about since the price was so cheap for downtown Montreal. Another Hotel to consider is the Intercontinental Montreal which i adore.	
May 19 2009 	Overpriced and over rated	My stay at this hotel can only be described as disturbing in the current economy.I found that the hotel, while quite appealing to the eye, is VERY overpriced and over rated. The priced that I paid was $209.00 per night which was the Federal Government of Canada employee &quot;discounted&quot; rate. The room that I was given was, supposed to be, and Executive King on the &quot;Club&quot; floor. After comparing notes with my colleagues who also stayed at this hotel, I found that they were paying from $152.00 to $169.00 per night. I guess the higher the floor, the more you pay.The room was VERY small to say the least and the services were slow.For example, upon checking into my room, I looked for the &quot;Guest Services&quot; book which is standard in any other hotel that I've stayed in. No such thing was available in the room. I contacted the front desk 3 times in an effort to obtain a copy. After over 3 hours, I finally received one. Hmmmmmmmmmm!!! THIS is service?I decided that I would just order from room service on the first night as I was tired from traveling and did not feel like going out. I consulted my &quot;Guest Services&quot; guide for the room service menu. The prices would scare you. Example: $18.75 for a cheeseburger or $17.75 for a plain hamburger and these were among the cheaper items on the menu. I order a simple order of french fries and a slice of cheesecake which cost me $27.00. Next, I came to find out that they offered 2 types of hi-speed internet service. Wired service and wi-fi. Both cost $14.75 per day plus taxes. Can someone PLEASE tell me if anyone uses internet service for a full 24 hours?? No, most people spend a couple of hours at a time on-line while traveling. I also found out that I could receive FREE wi-fi service in the lobby of the hotel. Hmmmmmmm!!!! A traveler pays a high price for a hotel room and also has to pay a high price for internet service, but, anybody can walk in off of the street and receive free service in the lobby?? Something is VERY wrong with this picture.It seems like this hotel, and probably in ever other Sheraton Hotel, offers nothing to there guests and tries to gouge them wherever and whenever possible.I for one weary traveler would NEVER include Sheraton Hotels (Starwood) in any other travel plans.	
May 12 2009 	Good Choice/ Clean Comfortable and Spacious	Was in Montreal for business for a few days as well as meeting some friends. The Sheraton was a good location for my needs. As a STARWOOD member I was upgraded to a recently renovated room that was clean and spacious. Great STARWOOD bed and the bathroom provided good space (and I have been to 5-star hotels with miniscule bathroom space). Good price/ decent service-though the waitstaff always seemed bored beyond belief.Over all I would recommend this location for all around pleasant stay.	
May 12 2009 	Great location good food reaonably priced	I arrived at the hotel around 9.30pm and (unsurprisingly) there was no queue at the front desk. I decided to take a taxi from the airport as the public transport links from the airport don’t seem to be the best. The fare is $38 from the airport to downtown, which I didn’t think was unreasonable – the journey was fast and without issue which is all you want after a long flight!The hotel is ideally located, just a 5 minute walk to the tourist information center and the main shopping street and about the same walk to the nearest metro (Peel or Bonaventure).I checked in without any issue and the staff were pleasant. My room was on the 36th (Club) floor. The room itself is very nice – a nice large bed and sofa, reasonable sized bathroom (with a shower in the bath) and a large flat screen TV. I have made use of the internet whilst staying at the hotel and this was reasonably priced – around $15 for a day (much cheaper than I normally pay when staying in similar hotels).As I was staying in a club room, breakfast was included in the price of the room. Breakfast was served in the club lounge on the 37th floor. A good selection of cereals, pastries and fruit – perfectly adequate to get you started in the morning. The views from the lounge were fantastic and the lounge itself was one of the most luxurious I’ve seen.I decided to use the room service on some of the nights I stayed at the hotel. The food was very good and the service efficient.I also used the fitness center whilst I was here. To be honest some of the equipment is looking a little on the tired side as is the room generally, but that said, it had all the basics that I guess you’d want to use. There’s also a pool and whirlpool although I didn’t use these.So overall, I was very pleased with my stay at the Sheraton Montreal and would happily recommend it and indeed stay here again when in Montreal. I’d also highly recommend the Gray Line Tour to Quebec City – a great day out and a chance to see a little more of beautiful Quebec.	
May 6 2009	No Major Complaints	Being in a larger group (around 30), most of the staff did not quite seem to take kindly to us. I would say &quot;hello&quot; to bellmen and they typically would just kind of look at me. The concierge was not like this, however, and was quite friendly. The wait staff at Bistro Le Boulevard was mixed; some were courteous and others seems over worked/ unhappy. We were all placed in the older style room, from what I can tell. There wasn't anything special about them. The bathroom was clean but plain, as was the rest of the room. Old, small CRT TV. The best part of the room would have to be the beds - they are superb. The hotel's indoor &quot;health club&quot; area is nice. The decor in the pool area was surprising - I have never seen an indoor pool decorated quite like the way it is decorated. The attendant who sat out front of the &quot;health club&quot; was kind and helpful. A complaint about that area would have to be the tiny space for the sports equipment. There are only two treadmills, and they are always taken. The people using the weight training equipment seemed squeezed for space. We had a great stay overall and would recommend to anyone looking for a decent place to stay in Montréal.	
May 3 2009 	Super friendly staff-- makes up for location!	The Sheraton Le Centre isn't in a bad location, but it's a quiet, desolate one. Given that we arrived on Good Friday and left on Easter Sunday, the business/ downtown district was, well, dead. The hotel was walking distance to Vieux-Montreal, as well as Chinatown, the shopping district and the old port, so it wasn't that inconvenient. (I walked 10-15 minutes from the hotel to Notre Dame Basilica one morning-- not a bad walk!)The hotel room was clean, quiet and roomy, and I was able to upgrade to a king-size bed without a problem (if you're a Starwood member). Parking's a bit pricey-- $20/day after taxes and fees, though conveniently underground. You could park a few buildings away in an outdoor lot for $18, but it looked a tad shady.The staff-- everyone that worked there-- was super friendly. I had a problem with wi-fi in the lobby, and although I was mischarged, they removed the internet fees and tried to help me connect to the web as much they could. Any requests or questions I had were handled with friendliness and professionalism. Although location is not idyllic for a tourist in Montreal, it wasn't difficult at all to take my car out of the lot (you pay once-- at the end of your stay) and drive around town. (It's more frustrating to find parking in New York City on an average day!) Driving up to Mont Royal, Chinatown (it was a cold weekend) and other parts of town were fun and not that much of a hassle at all. The price was reasonable, hotel friendly and clean, and the location not too bad.	
Apr 26 2009 	HORRIBLE HOTEL	The room was small, paper thin wall and horrible service.The room service lady was rude, and stole US $120 from me.I stayed there for 4 nights, the room never properly cleaned.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great Spring Stay!	Travelled to montreal with 10 people. Had a great weekend. We had one of the newly remodelled rooms and it was great. Very modern bath w/ a dual flush toilet. Flat screen 46&quot; tv and a great view of downtown. One friend had one of the older rooms and it was ok but outdated. Everyone was very nice and helpful. Decent pool, small gym but it was enough to get a workout. Nice sauna. Expensive to eat or drink there. We went out for food. Anytime I am in Montreal I will go back to the Sheraton.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great Location	We got one of the older rooms and I think it's because I got the room for less. Nevertheless, it's a great location. We were there for the UFC 97 and the hotel was right across the Bell Centre and La Queue de Cheval Bar and Steak House. It's very close to two subway stations (Peel and Bonaventura) and the Gare Central (train station). It is one block from St. Catherine, 5 minutes from Crescent Street, 20 minutes from Chinatown, 30-35 minutes to Old Montreal by walking. You can take the subway as well but as you know you see more when you walk even if you get lost :). Google map can help with this.	
Apr 20 2009 	Affordable luxury in the heart of the city	We stayed for a romantic getaway weekend in the city on my birthday. Got a terrific deal on 'name your own price,' otherwise we wouldn't have been able to afford this 4-star hotel on our budget. Room was recently renovated, very clean and bath was positively glitzy. Bed was exquisitely comfortable. Offers a top-notch indoor swimming pool and workout facility. We didn't sample the in-house restaurants, but no matter--St. Catherine and Crescent streets are just two or three blocks away, with more culinary choices than anyone needs. We're coming back soon!	
Apr 10 2009 	Very nice SPG hotel esp. with Priceline discount	Booked this on Priceline for an amazing $69 a night (fees/tax included). The location is excellent, downtown Montreal and close to two subway lines and the Bell Center. The bar is usually empty, a bit pricey but within expectations for this type of hotel. There seemed to be plentiful parking in the hotel but I did not use it; if you drive there are at least two parking lots, presumably less expensive, right next to the hotel. Finally, Internet access is expensive in the room ($15+) but you can login for free in the lobby with your laptop.The rooms are normal business type (typical for a Sheraton), but I found nice touches... there are plenty of plugs for your devices and electronics, even a powered USB port for charging smaller electronic devices. There's an in-room safe but no minibar (noticed more and more hotels are taking those out), and the bathroom was large and had decent toiletries. I found the bed excellent, and overall the hotel was very clean and well run. Service was a hair bit lacking (not as much staff as other 4-star hotels) but I could hardly complain. One caveat: there are very few convenience stores nearby, but that's not the hotel's fault.Overall, it was a great stay and of course a good price.	
Apr 7 2009 	Very Nice Hotel. Convenient downtown location. Next to Bell Centre	I stayed at this hotel for one night on business. Walking distance to my meetings in downtown Montreal. Short cab ride from the airport ($38 each way). Very nice large bar in the lobby. You get free internet access while in the bar area. I ate breakfast and lunch at the bar. The bar had a small but good menu. Very friendly staff at check-in and at the bar. Very nice workout facility on the 6th floor. I did not use the pool, but looked like a nice pool and large hot tub. I checked out the concierge lounge on the 37th floor, and it was very large and nice (nice views). Looked to have a nice breakfast in the lounge. I did not pay the extra $40 per night for the lounge access. I would highly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure if you want to be in downtown. Right next to the Bell Centre (hockey rink)	
Mar 30 2009 	Above Expectations	I was in Montreal for a long weekend in March 2009. The Sheraton exceeded my expectations in room cleanliness and decor. The concierges were most helpful in recommending restaurants and providing metro routes. Though not elaborate, the fitness room, sauna and spa were adequate. (On a side notes, if you're visiting Montreal, you've got to check out the &quot;blind restaurant,&quot; O. Noir!)	
Mar 13 2009 	Very decent not outstanding	At first glance, the Sheraton Centre looks very impressive and its lobby gives it a real taste of luxury. Past that first impression, this hotel is just very standard all the way through. Staying there, you will certainly not be grossed out, but neither particularly impressed by anything. The sophisticated traveller, if used to 4-star standards, will be disappointed by Sheraton's rooms, which are more 3-starish. Overall, rooms look very plain and the decor is pretty dated, with mismatched floral curtains, beige wallpaper and old lamps. I should actually say &quot;old everything&quot; : old desk and chair, old sink and bathtub, old phone, old doors, old TV. Old but not classy. The desk chairs are pretty straight and uncomfortable. There is high speed internet at a reasonable cost but no wireless connection. Bedding isn't bad at all. Outside views can be enjoyable depending on what floor you stay.However, the hotel location is perfect, close to everything : Bell Centre, shopping malls, Crescent Street, subway stations and all the major office buildings.Even if Priceline rates it 3.5 stars, the Marriott Chateau Champlain is a better pick. Rooms are smaller at Marriott, but way better appointed with classy/confortable furnishing, breathtaking views, Marriott bedding (need I say more), bathrobes. Same comment for the Hyatt Regency : fantastic location, newly renovated rooms (comfy and good looking) and indoor pool, less expensive. Overall, I do not see any reason to book the Sheraton Centre at full rate if you can either stay at the Marriott or Hyatt Regency. However, you will not be dissatisfied if you are booked at the Sheraton by Priceline or Hotwire for a good rate.	
Feb 25 2009 	Absolutely beautiful	My husband and I recieved a weekend getaway package as a gift. This getaway included Via rail train tickets from Ottawa to Motreal, a two night stay at the Sheraton le Centre Montreal Hotel, and Montreal Canadian Hockey tickets. The train was a delightful way to travel to Montreal, and the station was only minutes from the hotel. We stayed on the club floor wich do include certain upgrades such as private lounge that served hors durves in the evenings, and a great breafast each morning. Our room was large and spacious and tastefully decorated, where everything was new due to the fact that these floors had only been added in the last few years. Upon entering the lounge the first night we were treated to spectacurlar views, warm and cold munchies and snacks. I had read on another trip advisor account that the drinks in the lounge were expensive, and I have to agree! $8 for a beer and $5 for soda, and $10 for mixed drinks. But we did stary several hours and played cards and talked and enjoyed ourselves. I was most impressed with the lounge breakfast. I am a wieght watcher member as was pleasantly surprised at the variety of healthy foods to choose. Plently of fresh fruits, skim milk, fat free yougurts, hard boiled eggs, as well as many other good choices like toast, and bagels, cereals, muffins, and other breadfast breads. We also enjoyed the hot tub and sauna facalities. The gym facilities looked really nice as well. The front desk service as excellent as staff were welcoming and friendly. They also were well informed as local ammenities and resturants that were in walking distance. We went to a wonderful Italian resturant that I would recommend in a heartbeat!. I was just off Stanley street about two blocks down I believe it was called Cafe Bistro Italian. Overall it was a fabulous stay in Montreal(plus the home team won!)	
Feb 16 2009 	Good hotel convenient location	The hotel is in a great location, right in the center of the Montreal action. The service staff were very helpful and courteous- they were great. We booked the hotel with Priceline for 90 $ CAD, and I think the cost was fair for what we got. The room was clean, the bed very comfortable and the in-house Starbucks coffee was a nice touch. The decoration definitely needs an upgrade, as do the bathrooms (which were functional but a bit worn out). The view from our 22nd floor was awesome. It wasn't a &quot;Wow&quot; hotel, but I would stay here again, though it may not be my first option.A parking garage is located steps away on Stanley St. and is a much cheaper option than the hotel parking, especially on the weekend!	
Feb 7 2009 	Great hotel and location	We stayed at this hotel after booking it blindly - twice (once through priceline, once through hotwire). We had an excellent stay both times. The room was great, the staff was fantastic (despite the fact that the Canadian Medical Association convention was being held there and it was packed). We parked next door at a parking garage, and it was within walking distance to everything. Highly recommended.	
Feb 3 2009 	Great stay; close to bars/clubs/restaurants	if you're looking to stay close to the anglo-downtown area [rue crescent] then this hotel is perfect.i was with my boyfriend and we enjoyed the downstairs clue-like bar [albeit, it being a bit pricey..but it was a hotel bar!].you can catch the metro station right around the block and the walk to old montreal is just a few minutes away.good in-door pool and a very attentive concierge.	
Jan 19 2009 	Wow wow wow Great Club on top floor terrific location	We were gold preferred and this property upgraded us to an upper floor and gave us Club access. The club had wonderful breakfast selections and a nice early evenign snack.The spa and pool were terrific and the room had a terrific view and was large and very clean. Could nnot ask for more!	
Jan 5 2009 	Great location for a great price	This hotel is perfectly located in the heart of downtown. Only two block walk to Crescent street. We stayed on New Years Eve and the concierge was VERY helpful in finding events to attend. Beds were also very comfortable. One small negative point was the extra charge for parking.	
Jan 3 2009	Best Stay Ever!	We've stayed exclusively at this hotel over 25 times but this visit was the best. We drove up for Grey Cup '08. We got a great rate cuz we booked almost 1 year in advance. This was the FIRST TIME we were given an upgrade to the Club Floors (we are SPG Gold members...no Austin Power jokes please!). The staff was remarkably friendly and helpful considering the lobby area was filled with every football fan from Edmonton Alta. that were staying there. In the past, I've had to FIGHT for an up-grade, but this was not the case. As always, the room was large, clean and quiet (what a surprise, considering the Grey Cup was on).Club lounge was wonderful with a breathtaking view of Montreal. The drinks were a little pricey $18 for a glass of wine? but the snacks and the service were unbelievable. Kudos to the Staff of Le Centre Sheraton for a memorable Grey Cup experience and a remarkable stay. We will continue to stay here when we return to Montreal again this summer. Well done everyone!	
Dec 9 2008 	Adequate - I got what I paid for.	I booked two nights at the Sheraton Le Centre in Montreal through Priceline for $80 US a night, for a weekend getaway at the beginning of November. Having been to Montreal numerous times and have friends who live there, I know the downtown of the city quite well, and was actually disappointed to find that I won the bid for the Sheraton, because the location on Rene Levesque is in a more 'sterile' business area, also being on the west side, it's more anglophone, and away from the livelier/seedier francophone east side of downtown. The hotel room was adequate for one person and of the standard Sheraton/Marriott type. Probably due to the fact that I booked for one person and got a cheap rate through Priceline, my room was very small. A queen size bed with a desk and 2 chairs. In fact, I was told by a friend who used to worked there 10 years ago, that it was one of the smallest rooms on the floor. The hotel was renovated 10 years ago, and the decor and furnishing have remained the same since.On a previous visit, I stayed at the Omni a few blocks north on Sherbrooke and the difference is almost night and day. Granted Sherbrooke is the high end street in Montreal, but both hotels are rated as four stars. If the Omni is a four then surely the Sheraton should not be any higher than a three or a three and a half. The staff are pleasant and helpful enough. I had problem with the internet (you have to pay a daily rate, and it's through plugging into an ethernet connection, not Wifi), and had to call the company that contracts the work for the Sheraton directly. After spending 15 min. troubleshooting on the phone with the tech support, he called the hotel directly and had technicians sent up within another 15 min. to fix the wall jack in the room, which turned out to be faulty. As I said before, the decor and furnishing of the room are about 10 years old, and you could definitely see that. The shower curtain and the linens have seen better days. All in all, the Sheraton Le Centre is well worth the $80/ night I paid, but do not expect too much more in terms of amenities, locations, or any special perks.	
Nov 10 2008 	**Not A Bad Choice For Montreal Hotel**	My mother and I recently visited Montreal and stayed for 5 nights at the Sheraton Le Centre. I bid on a 4 star hotel through Hotwire.com convinced that the $93.00 per night was for the Omni Hotel on Sherbrooke. The Omni had all the amenities listed under the &quot;unknown hotel&quot; and Omni is one of the Hotwire suppliers. Anyway when I found out it was the Sheraton instead, I immediately went to the Tripadvisor and Travelocity websites to view what past guests were saying about the hotel. Most of the comments ranged from decent to downright dreadful! I was shocked and called Hotwire to cancel my reservation. The rep at Hotwire refused, saying they were standing by the 4 star rating and would hold me to the contract. I had no other choice but to stay there since I didn't want to pay for another hotel.I was expecting the worst when I arrived, but was pleasantly surprised to discover that the Sheraton Le Centre was actually quite nice. My room was on the 15th floor, with a partial view of Mont Royal Park. The room was not huge, but certainly not small either. It's no different than staying at a Marriott or Hilton. I was given 2 very comfortable queen size beds with contemporary bed covers, lots of pillows, an arm chair and a writing desk. The carpet was in good condition also. Although the bathroom was somewhat dated (wallpaper with little roses), everything worked fine. I had read some reviews that guests complained about the housekeeping at the Sheraton and I was a bit worried. I decided to leave the housekeeper $3.00 canadian dollars everyday for their services and they were very appreciative. Even wrote me a short thank you note every day. I had plenty of towels, the beds were always made, the carpet vacuumed, tea bags left near the hot water maker and plenty of toiletries in the bathroom. Although the hotel lobby is quite beautiful, I can see where other guests may have problems. It can be quite crowded if a convention is there or there is a game at the Bell Center which is across the street. The bell captains located in the lobby were very helpful and even called a taxi for me when I was ready to leave.To summarize, I guess you have to take the reviews written on tripadvisor with a grain of salt. I was quite satisfied with my Hotwire purchase!	
Nov 5 2008 	Great Stay!	I stayed at this property for a conference and was very pleased with everything from the service to location to rooms. The staff were very friendly and accommodating. The location is central to everything. The room was nice - big king bed- nice duvet -I slept well. I would stay again!	
Oct 19 2008 	Just fine friendly service and convenient; but not a 4-star	Perhaps my expectations were very low as a result of perusing our predecessors on this site. But, while we stayed just one night, we had a very good experience here. No, the rooms have not been &quot;updated&quot; to copy all of the other hotel chains in their pseudo-Manhattan beige suede-ness; yes, there are small pink flowers on the bathroom wallpaper and yes, large flowers on the curtains and yes, the carpet was a little tired. But the room was spacious and clean (not spotless, but clean), the location is very convenient (close to highways, Metro, all downtown areas, and a half hour walk to the old town), 24-hour underground parking is $20+tax (a bargain in downtown Montreal), and best of all every staff member we met was most helpful -- which is always particularly welcome when travelling with a small child. The hotel did not feel as large as it is and it was packed (fully booked) with conferencees and Habs fans the night we were there -- we expected much noise and heard none either inside or outside (the windows seem to be well insulated) You can walk to the Bell Centre of course but also easily to the best shopping on Sainte-Catherine and nearby streets, to nightlife and restaurants on Crescent and Montagne, and to many good coffee shops. (In fact there was a Starbuck's drip coffee maker in our room.) Very comfy bed with soft sheets. We had a delicious breakfast at Cora's just up the street -- very fresh and not greasy (for a big breakfast). Is this hotel a four star? Definitely not. But, like previous reviewers, we booked on Hotwire so it cost only $US 120 for the night (including Hotwire fees), plus parking. Caution: we were told at check-in that a cot would cost $30, which I was willing to (very grumpily) fork over, but didn't end up getting charged for it.	
Oct 7 2008	Run of the mill	Good location for both shopping and entertainment and not too far to walk to the old town area. Room safe didn't work but other than that the room was quite spacious and clean. Our main gripe was breakfast - you ordered from a range of set meals which may or may not have included fresh fruit/cereals and cooked items. When my wife asked for a second glass of juice we thought WWIII was about to break out and the restaurant staff in general could have been better.	
Oct 6 2008	Good location decent experience	My partner and I stayed at Le Centre Sheraton for a long weekend in February 2007. It was a decent hotel, but my sense is that there are better alternatives nearby. I'm not sure we would choose to stay here again, at least until they've refurbished the hotel.The strengths of the hotel are:1. Great location. You are only blocks from everything. The main shopping street is two blocks away. The sports stadiums are across the street. The few tourist sites in Montreal are also within easy walking distance, as is the Metro station.2. Good business facilities. I was there for a business conference, and found the business center to be excellent. There were plenty of computer stations, printers, copies, etc. And the rates weren't unreasonable.3. Great massage. They have a massage studio in the hotel. I booked one, and it was a very good massage. The massage room was a bit dated, but clean. But the masseuse was very professional and gave a great massage.OK, so there are a few things you need to know before you book your stay:1. The decor is VERY dated and worn. I'm guessing the last time they did a renovation was in the late 1980s or maybe early 1990s. You feel like you're staying in a &quot;time warp&quot;....80s style wallpaper and furniture. They have updated the beds and linens, which does help somewhat...but can't cover for dated and worn wall treatments, carpet and furniture.And the exterior the building looks like a Communist style apartment building. Grey and monolithic. One of the ugliest buildings in downtown Montreal, for sure.Also, everything is a bit shabby given its age. The carpets are worn and spotted. The furniture is banged up. The bathroom fixtures are dinged, etc.2. The hotel gets a lot of sports fans given its proximity to the stadiums. Many of these fans seem to travel in groups. Watchout for them after games, as they are loud and drunk...careening through the hallways making A LOT of noise. It isn't exactly a peaceful place.3. Check in was a disaster. They have 3 or 4 check in desks, which would seem to be enough. However, this is a large hotel, with a lot of guests...so the check in line can resemble a check in line at the airport. We had to wait over 30 minutes to check in...the last thing you want when you've traveled for 5 hours to get there. And the check in staff wasn't very apologetic for the poor experience, which was annoying.4. People are smoking eveywhere in the hotel. This is not a non-smoking hotel, by any stretch.5. Rates were high. I think we paid $219 a night for a room with a King. When we were there, we could have had a room at the Intercontinental for the same rate, and the Intercontinental was definitely a nicer hotel.So, all in all, not a highly recommended property. But, if you want to be close to everything and don't have other options, the Le Centre Sheraton &quot;will do&quot;.	
Sep 27 2008 	Nice hotel great location and delicious food!	We held a conference at this hotel in May 2008. The staff was very professional and accommodating. I ordered room service a couple of times and I was not disappointed. The business service people were fantastic for last minute request of copying etc. I loved my room with two double beds and lots of space as I was staying for 5 days.	
Sep 22 2008	Enjoy my stay very much	After reading some of the reviews, I was a bit worried. At check in I was given the 30th floor and club previlege at the top floor (37th). When I got to the room I was thrilled to find that it was large, the bathroom was fine, and the big window offers a fine view towards the St Lawrence river.The club room offers great breakfast everyday. Convenient location to explore Montreal. I totally enjoyed my stay!!!	
Sep 11 2008 	Can't beat the location	Spent 3 nights over Labor Day weekend in 2008. Location is perfect and one can walk to everything. The hotel is old and the room a bit small, but otherwise very clean and comfortable. We spent most of our days outside so the room size is not a big deal. Location is perfect, right in downtown, walk to St Catherine (shoping)j, McGill, Square Dorchester, etc. Banks, shops, restaurants around the corner. The hotel has its own underground parking but we found an affordable indoor parking right behind the hotel for less than half of the cost. Food is expensive within the hotel, as is with every hotel dinning, but again, you can walk to many restaurants within 5 minutes. Old Montreal is only less than 20 minute's leisure walk away.	
Sep 5 2008 	Not bad	I was apprehensive after reading the reviews, but the hotel was, in general, pretty decent. I agree that it could use a renovation as it is not as nice as other 4 star hotels. The location is perfect if you're attending an event at the Bell Centre (hockey or Celine Dion concert) because it's right across the street. It's pretty close to the museum (musee des Beaux Arts). We had no probs with the staff. They were all nice enough. Our room was on the preferred guest floor (31st floor) so that was a plus (I think), but the pics uploaded by other travelers were pretty much it. We had a great view from our window. The room was clean. They charge for internet ($16.65/day including taxes). It's about 4 blks from either of the 2 main subways (green or orange). The hotel is nearby Ste. Catherine where you can walk and shop, but I would have preferred something closer to St. Laurent blvd because more good restaurants are located off/near that street. There are also a lot of good restaurants in old montreal/vieux-port. Here are some great restaurants we tried:patati patata (yummy mini fish burger and poutines), tamarin (vietnamese), chez cora (breakfast/brunch - crepes), chez l'epicier (pricey but good), chao phraya (thai), le taj (best indian buffet). we did eat at the famous schwartz's (smoked meat sandwich), but the wait was awful. we waited 1 hr and 20 mins to get our food. it was ridiculous. there were 2 lines (one to dine in, and the other to-go). let me warm you that the take-out line takes a lot longer because ppl make large orders for the meat (our mistake). i must admit that it was good, but not enough for that wait. they won't give you mustard on the side (for takeout) or even accommodate if you ask for it on half the sandwich. the pickle is too salty and sour. the deli shop does plan to expand, but I think there are plenty of good places to eat in montreal to forget this one (my friend plans to rip schwartz in her future review of the restaurant - she was pissed).	
Sep 3 2008 	Feeling home at the Sheraton	After reading all of the reviews on this website, I was absolutely scared to see my hotel. When I got there I was thrilled to find that it was nothing like said before. It was absolutely charming, by European standards the rooms were large, the bathroom was fine (the wall paper was older, but it was charming for the room). Everything was clean, the sheets and pillows were clean and all together well.The lobby was very nice and the air conditioning was wonderful, especially for these hot days.The location is A+, just a few steps from the Centre Bell where I saw Celine Dion perform. The Sheraton enhanced this experience. The only downfall was the steep internet and business prices and the menus were expensive.Starwood has yet to make me unimpressed.Thanks to all that made the experience formidable.	
Sep 2 2008 	Absolutely ordinary	We booked this hotel, known as a four star hotel, so we could have a weekend getaway. We brought our three year old. I so wish we had stayed at the Delta or the Intercontinental. This is a place for business travelers. It really is one, massive conference center. The room was totally ordinary. The pool was small and ordinary. Two things that irritated me most were, upon arrival, there was no valet service for US. We watched others have their cars driven to parking, but for some reason two people told my husband that he could park himself, which he did. (We drive a gorgeous, new car and we were casually dressed...) Its not that I need valet parking, but with bags and a kid in a stroller, it would have been nice if I wasn't left to struggle in a dirty alleyway.We had room service bring breakfast, which we asked for the night before. We are vegetarians, so I was clear that there was to be no meat. What I ordered came, but with sausage on three of the plates, and no cereal for my child. A dissapointment.There are so many fabulous hotels in Montreal. Stay elsewhere.	
Sep 2 2008 	Horrible Stay - Dirty Rude Dismissive	We booked on priceline for a four night stay with a four star hotel in Montreal.  Arriving at the Sheraton, they advised that they had a smoking room with 2 beds. I expressed concern about the smoke and they said the room was good except that you were &quot;permitted to smoke if you so chose.&quot; I asked about an upgrade. They offered one for $50 the next day, I said I would think about it. I wanted to see what the room was like.  The smoking room was horrendously dirty and looked like a $40 motel. Large bright red stains on the floor, smelt like a motel, black marks on the walls. It gave me hives. I went down to talk to them about getting another room. They offered only the upgrade for $50, which I had no option to accepted, given my allergic reaction. They said to come down tomorrow and they would take care of it and move our stuff. That night, a staff member knocked on my door at 12.20 am and asked if I needed help with the safe. I replied no and refused to open the door. I next got a call at 12.25 am from the front desk asking if I needed help with the safe. I said no. The next morning, I went down and the front desk person said she had no note on the file and made several derogatory remarks about us booking on priceline. She accused me of lying about the upgrade . She was very rude and accusatory. I eventually had to speak to management and settled that matter out after a lot of wrangling with management. We were moved to a regular non-smoking room for the next 3 nights which was a normal, cleanish 3 star room (not 4 star). For our troubles regarding the upgrade, we were given a free breakfast. However, they were unrepentant about the state of the room I had slept in (see pictures). She said that some of the rooms were outdated and had stains. The bad service continued -- the next morning, I left the room only to be quizzed by the maid as to when the room would be empty (I had the do not disturb sign out). It was 8.30 am. I said probably later in the morning. She made a snarky comment about waiting. The next morning, I called about the airport shuttle. The hotel operator was rude and disrepectful. He said they didn't know anything about it except that it came every 25 minutes. Nothing about fees, where it stopped, how long it took or alternate transportation. He was dismissive and condescending. While some of the staff were quite friendly (upstairs, at the lounge), on the whole, my visit there was unpleasant and regrettable. I also note that Priceline was decidedly unhelpful regarding my complaints with both the state of the room and the fact that the Sheraton in Montreal was decidedly NOT a four star hotel which I had paid for). I would not book with them again.	
Sep 1 2008 	Dated but otherwise a good hotel	I got a great deal on this hotel on Priceline - and it was definitely worth it. The rooms (wallpaper, etc) look old but are roomy and comfortable. We got a room with a good view of the city and at check-in were offered a crib for our baby (without us asking for it). The location is pretty central, only a block away from the Rue St. Catherine and pretty close to old Montreal. A word for the budget minded - loads of good food around the hotel, so give the restaurant a miss. A small burger was about 20 bucks. Hotel has self-parking (costs about $20).	
Aug 30 2008	Above average stay	- Clean rooms- Small rooms- Rooms not luxurious but convenient- No breakfast included (there are tons of amazing brunch places in Montreal cheaper than having breakfast in the Hotel)- Staff were very friendly. I forgot my passport and received it back within 24 hours Fedex-ed to my house. I really loved the urgency they handled this with. - The staff provided excellent tips and service otherwise as well. Sheraton must have good training for staff as I find all Sheraton staffs around the world the best.	
Aug 26 2008 	Big Bland Disappointment	Having traveled a great deal of the world and stayed in hotels that ranged from squalid to sublime on five continents, I can state with certainty that Le Centre Sheraton Montréal is no four-star hotel. Not even close, despite the steep rates being charged and many a glowing guidebook review. Realizing that with any hotel of this size – and it’s a large one with 36 floors and hundreds of rooms – everyone’s mileage will, of course, vary, but I suspect the differences won’t be much given what I encountered during a visit in July 2008. COMMON AREAS: The hotel’s main entrance is presently under renovation leaving guests no choice but to come and go through the garage entrance off Rue Drummond. Inside the construction has cramped the already oddly shaped lobby which, given the size and number of tour groups loitering about, is not a good thing. At first glance the place felt like a tired, early ‘80s conventioneers’ paradise, and I’m sorry to say that feeling stuck with me throughout my stay. In my mind few things sour a first impression of a hotel more than dingy rugs underfoot. Unfortunately a lot of the hotel’s carpeting, particularly on the guest floors, looked more like the rugs around the dollar slots at a cheap casino: discernable “trails” had been ground into them – from front desk to elevator, from elevator to guest rooms, etc. The front desk and concierge area look right out of some Courtyard by Marriott. Unimpressive in a big way. Add to that the chattering ambiance of a bus station, thanks to the chaos of the tour groups, and, well, you get the picture. However, the adjoining Le Café Bar is an attractive inviting space, particularly if you like to watch traffic on Blvd René Lévesque. It’s also your only late-night dining option. One other detail – admittedly small – that struck me as strictly down-market was the hotel personnel clad in matching T-shirts. Bellhops, concierge staff, front-desk clerks, all wearing screened tees just didn’t strike me as professional.GUEST ROOM: Not four-star, maybe not three-star. With the singular exception of the beds [see below], the room was an absolute disgrace for this supposed caliber of hotel. The carpeting inside the room was even worse than that in the corridors: outright stained in several places. The walls had marks and scrapes on them. Frankly everything about the room was tatty: the décor was drab and dated; the 19&quot; TV was circa 1990 along with a cheap clock radio on the night stand; the windows were dirty on the outside; even the hotel’s printed materials (cards about turn-down service, room service menus, etc) were dog-eared from passing through a thousand hands. The smallish bathroom (one sink), while not dirty, was far from sparkling clean. The floors needed polish. Wallpaper seams were coming loose in several places. The ancient brown tub/shower combo felt vaguely institutional, and the bathroom itself was not ventilated. (One hot shower left the mirror fogged for a half-hour.) The towels themselves were no better than standard-issue Days Inn. Also, no bathrobes were provided. (Four-star?) On the plus side, the quality of the beds themselves was quite nice. Dubbed “Sweet Sleeper Beds” by Sheraton, they really were exceptional. Definitely one of the most comfortable hotel beds I’ve ever slept on. LOCATION: Comme si, comme ça. I found it to be a negative. René Lévesque is one of the least interesting thoroughfares in city center, and while the walks to either Rue Maisonneuve for dining or Bonaventure station for the Métro were pleasant enough in the summer, they’d be far less so in inclement weather. The hotel has no link to the underground city. VERDICT: Le Centre Sheraton Montréal does not deserve to be ranked among the better hotels in the city. (Of all the guidebook reviews, too many of which are positive, Fodor’s Montréal &amp; Québec City 2008 comes closest to the mark.) Frankly, unless you’re in town to catch a concert or the Habs at the Bell Centre (a short two blocks away), there are far better, more interesting, or less expensive alternatives. Priced like a four-star hotel but delivering like a two-and-a-half star, Le Centre Sheraton Montréal is ultimately a big bland disappointment.	
Aug 24 2008 	shabby out of date hotel	Clearly this hotel has seen better days. Tiny room, shabby throughout - I do not expect threadbare linens with holes in them in a Sheraton. And I was upgraded to the Club floor!Food mediocre - and Montreal has so many good restaurants, it's a shame this hotel cannnot manage to do better.I could not recommend this hotel to anyone - so many other good ones nearby.	
Aug 20 2008 	Not stellar only adequate	I'm a big fan of the Starwood-brand hotels -- I try and stay at them whenever I travel. I stayed at the hotel for 5 nights in August 2008. Here is the breakdown of my stay:CHECK-IN Quick and efficient. No problems. I actually thought that all Starwood hotels were non-smoking, but this one definately had smoking rooms. LOCATIONGreat location, a block away to St. Catherine's street and the Bell Centre. A short walk away to McGill and Old Montreal.RESTAURANTNo full restaurant available past 2 p.m. Didn't try the room service. ROOMSQuite dated and in need of a renovation. Old, flower-patterned wall paper in the bathrooms. The shower head had some green buildup all over it. Ameneties very basic. The bed was, of course, very nice. Normal CRT TV. I had a very, very small room. I checked the floor plan and it did look like I had the smallest room on the floor, so the other rooms may have been bigger. I checked out some of the suites on the 7th floor. Spacious, but, again, the furniture was very dated and everything just looked old and dated (in a bad way).OTHERWhen the hotel gets busy the elevators take up to 5-8 minutes for the elevator to come.SUMMARYNot what I expected for the price of the hotel in terms of the room. Staying at the W hotel would be probably a better choice and would have actually been cheaper to stay at during the time that I was there. Needs upgrades. Except for the bed, you would think that you were staying in a Days Inn.	
Aug 19 2008	Girls Getaway in Montreal	I stayed at the Sheraton for four nights in August 2008. This was my Birthday gift from my sister and niece. We go away every year to a different location. This year we chose Montreal. We had a lovely stay at the Sheraton. The staff is very friendly; especiall the concierge who answered many of our questions and recommended excellent places to eat. The hotel has a great location near the main shopping area St. Catherine Street and Crescent St which is full of restaurants and bars. It is also located in between 2 of the major metro stops easliy within walking distance. The rooms are clean and comfortable. I didn't think the bathroom was small as many mentioned in their posts. However, it was a little outdated with strawberry wallpaper. It was clean and I had no problems with it at all. We arrived very late and wound up eating in the hotel restaurant. It was a very good meal and not overpriced. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and would stay again if I went back to Montreal.	
Aug 18 2008 	Good Location OK hotel	Hotel is right downtown, a great location. The hotel is old and in need on an update. The room was dated but very clean. The bathroom is circa 1960. I obtained a reasonable room rate with Priceline, but they gave me the &quot;El-cheapo&quot; room right across from the elevator . A quick trip down to the front desk and they moved the room. Overall acceptable hotel and room but there are better choices. Internet access $$$, valet parking $26.00 (note free overnight parking is available on the street).	
Aug 12 2008 	Great Location in Omtreal	Excellent location. It is near St. Catherine which has plenty to do.	
Aug 4 2008	Try someplace else	Good location and friendly staff. That's it on the good side. Bad side: tiny rooms, old bathrooms (our shower/tub felt like it was going to fall into the room below me when I stepped into it to take a shower), and horrible temperature control. I am usually freezing and the weather was only in the 70s when we were there, but I couldn't sleep at night because the AC unit didn't stay on and keep it cold. Because of that, whenever it shut off, you could hear every person walking by or talking in the hall. I got no sleep the entire 5 days we were there. The bar downstairs is unbelievably expensive-- $10 for coffee and a muffin, $10 for a beer, etc. And like many of these big hotel chains, you have to pay for internet service ($14.95 per day) even though their website advertises that they have wireless. Yes, they have it, but you pay through the nose for it. If you use their business office to access the web, they charge $7.95 per 15 minutes. I guess this is okay for business travelers who can write it off or have it paid for, but for the average tourist, this is very expensive. The hotel wasn't cheap either. All in all, find a cheaper place that has free internet. There is nothing about this hotel that is worth the price it costs to stay here.	
Jul 29 2008 	A Little Shabby - But Nice Enough	As mentioned in other reviews, the location IS excellent if you want easy access to downtown. The city's public transit is very good and from the hotel you can get anywhere in the city easily. I arrived late-ish one evening to find the ground level undergoing some sort of renovation, and the only access via the drive-in doors at the back. The front desk staff were polite and efficient, responding positively to my requests for a quiet room. My room on the 6th floor was OK - quite small by North American standards for a room with 2 queen beds, and rather worn and tired-looking decor. The bed, however, was incredibly comfortable and the whole room was spotlessly clean. My major irritation was the $14/15 daily charge for Internet access levied by the hotel - even if you simply want to use the lobby WiFi for 5 minutes of email checking. Rather unreasonable now that free Internet is available so readily everywhere. (I was told by a staff member at the front desk to go to the Second Cup coffee shop on Rue Ste. Catherine, a few minutes' walk away, to use their free Wi-Fi.) In addition, the ice machine on the 6th floor was not operating so I went up 2 flights to the 8th floor when I wanted ice. In all, I was happy with my stay - given that I'd got a decent rate on Priceline. I would have been less pleased had I paid a more 'standard' rate. For a true 4* hotel experience in Montreal, I'd go to the Omni instead.	
Jul 26 2008	Very Nice But Missing Something From Prior Visits	This was about the 7th time we have stayed in Montreal and the third at this hotel. The location is perfect as it is near downtown shopping and dining and has outstanding views from the upper floors. Our room had a great view of Mont Royal and the westside. The front desk staff and the turn down service attendant were very friendly. We can't say as much for the person running the 37th floor club lounge. She tried to charge $4 for a glass of soda (which was mostly ice) which should have been advertised. Most fine hotels only charge for alcoholic drinks. She also insulted me when I asked what type of &quot;pop&quot; she had (everywhere else in Canada they say &quot;pop&quot; instead of :soda&quot; or &quot;coke&quot;). We also were surprised that our room was very small, All in all this hotel is very nice and perhaps we just got a small room as I recall them being larger on past visits.	
Jul 23 2008 	Bad example of a four star hotel	We were disappointed staying at the Montreal Sheraton Hotel. When we pulled into the poorly lit parking area, should have been are first clue this place wasn't living up to its four stars. The staff were all dressed in t-shirts? The only person dress is a suit was the rough looking security guy. I could care less but this is a Sheraton Hotel, night? The first evening we asked the staff how to get to the Royal Mont Park. It's a ten minute walk away we found later. The rude lady told us to take the Metro and a bus to a not so nice part of the City. Later that night my wife was accused of being a street walker by the nasty desk staff when she inquired if the Hotel had free WIFI in the lobby. The Sheraton doesn't provide this service. You can go around the corner to the Subway and use there WIFI for free. The first night of our stay the cable TV was out. It wasn't fixed till the following day. On the second day of our stay the hotel cut off the power at 11am for some unknown reason for ten minutes? Our room was OK, just worn a bit. The bathroom light worked when it felt like it. The good points of the hotel were the pool and hot tub. It's centrally located with short walks to dinning and the Metro. Parking was reasonable at $20 a day. The room we booked had a deep discount. Now we know why. I wouldn't stay at this Sheraton again.	
Jul 21 2008	Strike kind of ruined it!	I arrived and the staff was on strike. I had to get my luggage to my room myself. This was my first time at the Sheraton and it clearly doesn't live up to the hype. Rooms ere not very clean and the food was awful. Kind of an unfriendly atmosphere. The staff wasn't too happy.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great location nice hotel	We had a great stay at the Sheraton. I would agree with other reviews that the rooms are pretty standard. I've stayed at many 2 star hotels that were alot cheerier and up to date. But the most important thing to me is a comfortable bed and ours were fabulous.And the view from our room was superb, the location is great, and the lobby is lovely. The best part? After a long day, we had fabulous evenings in the pool - it is the warmest pool I've been in and the hot tub and sauna were also nice and hot. I would stay there again - just don't be expecting luxery rooms	
Jul 17 2008 	Great Location	I just came back from a 3 night stay at the Sheraton Le Centre Montreal. I stayed there for two nights on July 10-11, went to Toronto, then had to fly home out of Montreal so stayed a another night on July 15.I was able to get an early check in at 10am both days when I checked in.The staff was pleasant.The location was very central: just a short two block walk to the Bon Adventure Metro station next to Bell Centre and St. Catherine's Street.The area was very safe.Yes, the rooms are dated but hey, if you can get a good price on Priceline for under $100 or so, you got a deal.You can't beat the location and security of staying in a large chain like the Sheraton.	
Jul 15 2008 	Shabby for a Sheraton	We spent 4 nights in this hotel. Generally okay but a bit shabby and rough around the edges.The bathroom fittings/sink units were coming away from the wall and it was enveloped in a dreary magnolia paint. Despite asking for a double bed we arrived to find two slightly larger singles which were just too small for two people . We felt that we had stumbled on a 1950's bedroom scene. The furniture in the room had some obvious marks on them that had been overlooked by cleaning staff. We had no internet/TV access for a day and half but to be fair this was due to an over zealous workman chopping through the cable in the street below.The desk staff ranged from humourless to very friendly. Overall, a pleasant stay and no major problems. Does need renovation though.	
Jul 9 2008 	Just right for a great time in Montreal	I was a bit worried when booking this hotel that some travellers rated it a bit &quot;tired'. I was pleasantly surprised for what we received for the value, and thought the hotel was actually very up to date. Upon arrival and throughout our stay, the staff were very friendly. For a four star and especially for the price we paid on Priceline, we were very pleased with our room and the ammentities. One day we accidently left the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on our door. When we came back to the room that evening the room was clean and we had a message from the cleaning staff saying that they hoped we were pleased with their service. Especially nice was the indoor pool, hot tub, sauna, and large outdoor terrace on the 6th floor. The terrace has lounges, tables and chairs and a forest of large trees so a little shade from the summer sun. The hotel is one block north of the Bell Canada Centre and about 2 blocks south of the Peel Metro (subway) station and St. Catherine Street (the main street) The Metro system is safe and reasonably priced (6 tickets for $12 is the way to go) and we took it everywhere. We'd absolutely stay here again!	
Jul 9 2008 	Okay but overpriced	I stayed at this hotel for two nights. I booked it via Hotwire for $109 a nightThe public areas of the hotel are very well maintained, but my room was average and a bit outdated. I had stayed in a three-star hotel earlier in the week in another city, and I thought the decor and overall comfort of that room was a lot better. I had a sandwich and a soda in the hotel bar one night and was shocked when my bill was $22 (and the sandwich wasn't even that good!). Parking was $20 a day, which also seemed a bit steep.The concierge and front desk staff were helpful when I had questions.An okay hotel, but very overpriced. I think I'll stay elsewhere if I'm ever in Montreal again.	
Jul 8 2008 	Dark dank and dated	With dated bathrooms that resemble the design and decor of the 1960s television show &quot;Star Trek,&quot; this hotel was a minor disappointment. Perhaps my room simply had not been updated, but the dark and dank theme carried over to the common areas. Dimly-lit hallways, and dark paint on most walls make the hotel seem confining and depressing.The location of the hotel is its best attribute, in the middle of the city, and close to the Metro and nightlife.	
Jul 7 2008 	Disappointed! Clearly not a four star hotel.	We stayed at the Sheraton on the 4th of July weekend. I would not stay at that hotel again unless it goes through some major renovations. The Room: Small, floral/stripy wall paper, old traditional style furniture, uncomfortable bed, dusty/old fabric chair, room had an unclean feel. Think grandma's apartment filled with old furniture.The Bathroom: Tiny, more like a 2 star hotel. Amenities: Small Pool, $15 for internet use in room(they advertise free wireless but its not free), $8 for internet/computer use in the business center(usually free at most 4 stars).Parking:$20 for use of their garage and $26 if you valet. There is a parking lot within a couple blocks of the hotel where you can probably park for under $10. Location: Great! Walking distance to St. Catherine which has boutiques, malls/underground malls, restaurants and clubs. If you somehow end up booking this hotel just don't expect a 4 star room or service. Definitely don't pay 4 star rates for this hotel or you will be disappointed! (You do not need to pay more than $100 for this hotel)	
Jul 7 2008	Take your valuables with you	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, over July 4th weekend. Yes, it's in the center of everything, but so are many others. This is not the only hotel in Montreal. This is unlike any Sheraton we've ever stayed at. The beds were very uncomforable and the comforter very heavy, not the down filled ones that most other Sheratons have. The rooms are outdated, with peeling wallpaper and carpets that have many stains on them. But, we didn't really care about any of that, since we were there to explore the city and not sit in our hotel room.So on day 2, we decide to go out for the day. We did not want our room cleaned, so we put out the do not disturb sign. My fiancee saw the maid in the hall when we were leaving, and told her specifically to not clean our room, and she said ok. About 10 minutes after we left, we realized we forgot something. We drove back, and I ran upstairs to find what we've forgotten. During that time, the phone rang, but I didn't have time to answer since I was looking for the item we'd forgotten. Shortly after, there was a knock on the door. I then remembered the old trick they use. First, they call, and if you don't pick up, they come to your room. I remained silent and just sat on the bed. Then, the door opened and in walks the same housekeeper that we told not to come in just 15 minutes before. She was shocked to see me sitting there and promptly exited, without saying anything. I ran after her, but she went into the housekeeper room, so I decided to just talk to the manager. She didn't even have a cart with her, so there was no reason to be in our room. The manager wasn't overly concerned and said he'd talk to her, which he didn't, since the next day there was evidence of them being in our room again. If you have valuables, take it with you. Do not use the safe in that room and take all your money with you. They have some sketchy housekeepers. In all our travels, this is the first time that we felt very uncomfortable leaving the hotel room. I would not reccomend this hotel to anyone and will never stay there again. There are far too many hotels in the area to settle for one like this.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great location	I go to Montreal a few times a year, and after having staying at everything from the Clarion Suites to the Ritz, the Le Centre Sheraton is by far my favorite. The location can't be beat - you're steps away from St. Catherine Street, the Underground City, and some fantastic restaurants. (I recommend Carlos and Pepe's for cheap but good Mexican; Mikasa for phenomenal sushi and Cora's for breakfast.)  The bed is incredibly comfortable, and the rooms are a good size. The bathroom is pretty average - nothing too spectacular or offensive. The fitness room is ok - I stick with treadmills or cross-training machines, both of which they had. The room is big enough so I never had much of a problem getting a machine, and it's also well ventilated.I can't comment on the food at the hotel as I've never tried the restaurant, but the bar is a solid place to start a night out. The best part of Le Centre, though, is the price. I've paid as low as $100 and no higher than $180 a night each trip. Parking can get expensive - it's more than $20 a night - but it's worth it to keep your car in a garage that's reasonably maneuverable by Montreal standards (i.e. the corners are wide enough to actually make the turn). I'll definitely plan on staying at this hotel every time I make the trip to Montreal!	
Jun 23 2008 	be ready to add expenses on your bill!	This is the first hotel to charge the client for local calls! and the parking is more expensive than other parking around so clients should park around the hotel not in the hotel parking. And we couldn't get ice from their machines and it was impossible to get any cold water from the tap, it was always hot. All in all we weren't impressed and it is not worth the price.	
Jun 17 2008 	Very pleased with this Sheraton	We stayed four nights at this hotel and really enjoyed it. The hotel is very well situated near shops and restaurants. We had read other reviews about the hotel being a bit dated, but we didn't see any reason for it. Our room was comfortable and clean, with a nice view of the Cathedral. The linens were great, and the bed itself was one of the most comfortable hotel mattress I've slept on in years. The bathroom was clean and always restocked with fresh soaps and shampoos; there wasn't any evidence of &quot;grandmotherly&quot; wallpaper. We didn't try the room service, the hotel bar or the restaurant, so I can't comment on that. The concierge and bell staff was very attentive, and not only for the typical restaurant recommendations. We had a flat tire on a Sunday morning: one of the bellmen helped with changing the tire and then the concierge called auto mechanics all over the city to find one that was open and could repair our tire quickly. I can't see any reason not to stay at this hotel again.	
May 28 2008 	Needs a bit of a lift	The hotel is well situated close enough to main downtown shops, restaurants and for us McGill. The hotel needs a facelift though. While efforts have been made to upgrade the linens, the rooms are very dated with grandmother wallpaper in the bathroom, old old tv that had terrible reception in the bedroom, hallways smell a bit funky at times. There was a time Sheratons were high end. They need to bring this one up a few notches and all will be good as the competition is fierce for hotels in Montreal. As Starwood members we were very impressed with the quality and variety of the free afternoon snacks and the continental breakfast in a lovely room on the 39th floor with wonderful views.	
May 27 2008 	More a Dump than a Sheraton	I stayed at the Sheraton with my family on a trip in Canada.First off, the staff was Extremely Rude, Arrogant, as if they are more intelligent than us (we were confused about our reservation details, we were answered smugly that we should know what we reserved, as if we remember the last details of all the hotels we are staying at over our 1 month trip!)Second, I don't see how this place can be called a Sheraton, the carpets are used and dirty, the rooms are very small and Completely Outdated.Also, there is no free internet which should be complimentary for the price we were paying. Overall it is a very mediocre hotel and we think other travelers should be aware of this before staying here.	
May 20 2008 	A decent hotel	Stayed at the Sheraton Le Centre for 2 nights in May 2008, and booked through Priceline for 85$ a night, all inclusive. For that price, we got a nice room on the 30th floor, althought the view was not so impressive (faced another sky scraper). The room was quite large, with an impressive and comfy king bed. The decor was nice, if a little bare for a 4 star, and the wall paper was clearly outdated. However, ameneties were good, with a decent sized pool, a nice gym. The hotel is 2 blocks from Ste-Catherine, so plenty of restaurants for a cheap breakfast (I suggest La Belle Province on Peel...its actually quite decent and you can get a breakie for less than 5$).Parking is expansive (20$ self park) but since I had 2 bikes on the back of my car, it was essential. They did let me park close to the attendant booth on the 2nd night, so that my bikes were in visible range of the attendant. Overall, very pleased.	
Apr 27 2008 	Service is Fantastic!	We were wondering what we could do for our 20th wedding anniversary and my husband came up with the idea of going to Montreal for a night out and staying in a really nice hotel. We have two small boys and cannot stay away for long, so this night was very special to us. The Sheraton Le Centre Montreal did not let us down. My husband booked a club level room and we wandered into the club lounge looking lost and not sure what we wanted to do for the evening apart from make it memorable. One of the staff (she wanted to remain nameless :-)) learned it was our 20th anniversary and started giving us suggestions on what we could do. What a wonderful and memrable evening we had thanks to her. We dined at the Casino and watched a show, something we would never have thought of. The room was great, the service was fantastic (so were the views from the club lounge) we were right in the centre of things. We had a great evening and were sad to leave the next day, but we will go back in a hearbeat! Thanks to all the staff who made our stay special :-)	
Apr 6 2008 	Worse than average Sheraton	Expect everything you don't like in this hotel; dirty carpet, small room, leaking shower head, outdated facility, very noisy air conditioning system and dirty vent. I did not like anything except location; but all downtown hotels are located in good location, aren't they?	
Mar 21 2008 	No free internet!	I booked my stay at hotels.ca. The website indicated that high-speed internet was complimentary. Both I and my friend checked this information from different computers. Since we both confirmed that internet is free, we chose this hotel over another hotel in Montreal downtown.When we arrived, we learned that internet was not complimentary. When I tried to discuss this with the reception, I was directed to a manager. She (as far as I remember her name was Larissa) was rude and unhelpful. I had to threaten her for writing bad reviews on sites such as tripadvisor. Then, she gave us the internet for half price.I think we wouldn't be this much dissatisfied if they were nicer. Do not expect friendly service at this hotel. Furthermore, if there is an important feature that affects your choice, contact the hotel to make sure that it is included.The hotel room was not impressive. The furniture was old. The best thing about it was its location. It's close to the metro station where you can take a train to old Montreal. It's very close to St.Cathrine St and Crescent St.You may want to compare it with Novotel downtown before you book.	
Mar 18 2008 	Good Family Hotel	We stayed at Le Centre Sheraton for one night. A good hotel for a family stay. We were looking for a hotel downtown with a pool, clean and comfortable, with reasonable rates, and that's what we got. Its a typical Sheraton hotel, nothing unique or interesting, but the pool was a decent size and the rooms were clean. The pool was FULL of kids, which was fine for us, but might be a turn off if you didn't have kids. If we were travelling without kids, I would definitely stay at one of the HUNDREDS of other more interesting, funky, unique hotels in Montreal. But for a family stay, we were very satisfied. Directly across from Centre Bell, for Canadiens hockey games or concerts.	
Mar 15 2008	OK hotel	The hotel is ok, rooms look a bit dates, no wireless in my room. The bathrooms could definetely do with an update and the aircon is individual units in the room which are pretty noisy.Service is ok - room service very expensive.Comfortable bed.	
Feb 20 2008 	In the middle of the city	First off, I have to say that I really loved Montreal. What a nice city!I stayed at the Sheraton Le Centre for a week. It is located right in the heart of Montreal, just close by the beautiful Mount Royal (from which the name Montreal originates) and the rue Sainte-Catherine (St Catherine's street) where you can satisfy all of your shopping and eating desires (more or less).I found the hotel to be everything I expect a decent business hotel to be. The room was quite small, but clean and had everything I needed. The bed was very comfortable. The view from my window on the 17th floor was great! There were no wireless Internet service, but the wired Internet service was good enough. The gym was one of the better I've seen in a while, with a big swimming pool and several training machines. Top class indeed!No breakfast was included in my price, but there are a lot of nice restaurants close by that serve breakfasts at a reasonable price.The front desk service was ok, I had to wait in queue for some time to check in, but the check out was carried out automatically, on the last morning of my stay my card was charged and the bill was slided under the door. Since I hadn't used the mini bar and didn't have anything to complain about the check out was done and I could leave the hotel without any hassle.I was overall pleased with my stay.	
Feb 17 2008 	For the average guy this is a good hotel	I'm an average middle-class guy. I drive an Infiniti G35 Sedan ... silver. I live in a 1200 sq-ft house. I like beer and wings. I'm not a fancy-boy, don't own a gold watch and I don't eat my pizza with a knife and fork.I've stayed at this hotel on business on 2 occasions the most recent of which as in Jan 2008 for approximately $130/night. The rooms are well kept and clean. The heater/AC makes a terrible racket impeding sleep but functions well enough and I just turned it off. There's a mini-bar with way overpriced stuff in it that I tried not to touch because there's a sign that says the POSITIONS of the items are monitored. They know if you so much as MOVE anything. The pool closes at 10pm and has a nice pool and hottub with towels and showers right there. There's a cute parrot there that says HI and other greetings :)Parking costs about $10 a day and is self-park. No valets required and since I'm an average guy I prefer it that way. I don't need some dude getting a car for me when I know quite well how to pull into and out of a parking a spot.Location is great right downtown and semi-close to the highway.	
Jan 7 2008 	Dated room but good location	Bathrooms are outdated, 80s style and old.... needs updating the most, room was okay bed was pretty comforable ...but the hotel was in a good location (One block from St Catheriene's, two blocks from Crescent St) l	
Jan 7 2008 	Anonymous business hotel in central location	The type of decent but unspectacular business hotel you would expect.Pros:LocationClean roomsDecent poolCons:Parking costs extraNo wireless and internet costs extraSmallish roomsNoisy heating system	
Jan 7 2008 	Very Rude people	This is a very nice hotel but do not expect people to be nice to you. The bellman and the front desk people are very nice but other people like the manager and maids are rude. It took 5 hours to get someone to come and clean my room. It cost 19 dollars a day to park at the hotel which is very expensive. The rooms in the corner are VERRRRRY small. You are not allowed to use ur playstation or X-box because they have programed the TV's so you cannot use it. Which disapointed my boyfriend very much.There are alot of great places around it. I would give it a 7 our of 10 for our stay	
Jan 3 2008 	Average Sheraton there are better choices for the price	Arriving late at night, we were elated to find that our room has been readied for us. We were upgraded to a large king room on the Club Floor level on the 34th floor with a great view to the Mont Royal and the city. The comfortable size room has a comfortable king bed and it is quite comfortable as all Sweet Sleeper beds are. The work-desk is of a good size but the Internet was very expensive at $20/day. There is a reading chair with ottoman standing next to it. The room felt outdated and old despite some artsy touch such as the burgundy drapes with musical notes. The drapes are also too short to shield the daylight effectively. I had to use the bathrobe as a filler to block the light out.The bathroom is of a good size, larger than the usual tiny Sheraton bathroom size. The marbled decor is a bit 80'ish and the bathtub is a bit worn.The best feature of this hotel is the lobby and its location that is right in the downtown area. It is however need some serious refurbishing to bring it to the proper state.	
Jan 2 2008 	Proximity is a plus!	I guess I should hold my breath when I write this review because I believe that this hotel will be doing renovations. We had a mediocre stay. I would have to say that the lobby area is probably the most beautiful aspect of the hotel. It is very close to the Bell Centre as well as some great restaurants. The view from our hotel room was absolutely stunning - we had the PERFECT view of Mont Royal and the cross. I would recommend this to families or tourists who are attending an event at the Bell Centre because of its proximity.	
Dec 22 2007 	normal stay	this hotel is for everyone...price are acceptable..great location... the rooms look kind of old, service was ok, good for young people	
Nov 25 2007 	Good Stay Decent Hotel	There's nothing wrong with this hotel. Is it 4-stars as hotwire seems to think? Not in my opinion. More like 3-3.5 stars. Is it worth it? Depends on what you pay, I guess. It's a clean, safe, comfortable hotel in the heart of Montreal. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was smallish, clean, comfortable and had a great bed. Really nice pool, fitness room, and lobby bar. It was a nice place to come back to after a day exploring Montreal or a night on the town. We would definitely go back.	
Nov 1 2007 	Great Location not so great price!	Great location - very close to the main shopping streetLots of facilities in the hotel - particularly internet/business etcNon smoking rooms....Decor in rooms - fair but comfortable.Very expensive however and found staff unfriendly particularly when booking through the telephone line.	
Oct 29 2007	Great stay	This was a very good stay downtown. The hotel is surprisingly nice once you see the inside. The suites are well done and comfortable. I very much enjoyed the bar downstairs and the bar on the top floor for special events has a great view.Overall impressed and happy.	
Oct 8 2007 	Budget Inn Central Locale Only for Great Price	I spent several nights at the Le Centre Sheraton in downtown Montreal because it was near McGill University, where I was attending a conference. Though having visited Montreal now, in the future I would probably choose the Residence Inn if I wanted to be closer to McGill University.The hotel is located in the downtown business district and is close to the entertainment district. It is about $35.00 taxi ride or $50.00 limo ride from the Pierre Trudeau International airport.During my stay in Montreal the weather was exceptional warm and dry. McGill is very attractive university on a small mountain.Check in was smooth, Audrey, a trilingual local Sheraton representative was unsually warm and friendly for Sheraton employee. Having stayed at Sheraton Grand in Sacramento and the Sheraton University in Syracuse in the past month, Audreywas a standout among Sheraton employees!My room was on the Starwood Preferred guests floor. So it was quiet and I did not hear any street nosie.The room was small with old decor. The bed was comfortable.Television had basic channels. The room was clean and the service person did a good job of cleaning the room and she was friendly as well. I did not spend much time in my room, so I was just looking for a quiet place to sleep at night. Lighting was fine.I paid around $70.00 on priceline and for that price this Sheraton property was okay. I would not pay much more because of the small room and dated furnishings and room.There is plenty of restaurants and shopping nearby (short walk to the north either west or east). Some of tourist items prices are higher than in old Montreal but better deals than the Latin quarter. I ate at the Hard Rock cafe (great service) and the Le Brassire chain which was okay. I even walked to Old Montreal which was not too long of walk. The location is probably the best thing about this property.In old Montreal I recommend Sport Du Vieux (casual dining), Restaurant Du Vieux Port (steakhouse with exceptional and friendly service), and Restaurant Des Gouverrid (Freinch cuisine).I also stayed at Doubletree Plaza hotel and Gault boutique hotel during my trip to Montreal. I highly recommend the Gault for hotel in the Old Montreal and if you are planning to spend more time in your room. The Doubletree only if you want to be in the Latin Quarter.I was satisfied with my stay at Sheraton Le Centre because of the price and location. If you can not get a great rate then you will probably be disatisfied because of the old rooms and their old contents. Service was good. I recommend this property with some reservations.	
Sep 26 2007 	Center of everything	Some call the rooms small, think of them as cozy. Comfortable bed, clean room, stocked mini-bar and a great continental breakfast the next AM for those who stay in a Club room. We missed the complimentary cocktails in the evening but I hear it is very popular. Only complaint was that when we got there all 6 elevators where down due to a software glitch and apologies were only made when a manager was sought. We walked to the Bell Center and restaurants.	
Sep 25 2007	A Little Rough Around the Edges	I just returned from 3 nights at this hotel. I was joining a friend who was booked to stay at this hotel as part of a conference she was attending. I just came along for the ride! All in all the room was &quot;fine&quot;. We were in a non-smoking room with two double beds. The beds are very comfortable with nice hotel sheets and a comfy duvet with a hotel blanket in between. The room was of adequate size and the 19th floor gave us nice views. The location was also good - a short walk to Old Montreal and just over a block off of St Catherine's Street. I also walked to the Atwater market in half an hour too.I can't figure out how such a large hotel can have so many rooms with stained carpets. Ours was no different. A large stain in front of the office desk looked like perhaps someone had dropped a pot of coffee. There were a few other, smaller stains as well. The arms of the armchair were a bit worn. The bathroom was dated with floral wallpaper. The curved shower rod was a nice touch and the shower was nice and hot. No fan in the bathroom so it got pretty steamy. Our sink had a large crack in it and the handle of the toilet was cracked. I noticed some coffee splatter on the wall behind the coffee pot and dirt in the corners of the closet door - nothing life-altering but did kind of make me wonder about the attention to detail.I'm pretty squeamish about hotel rooms and all in all the room was just fine. I was quite comfortable but everything was just a little rough around the edges - ie) don't look too carefully and it will all be fine! My friend had a conference rate of $169 and I think that was about right. I was stunned to observe a rack rate on the back of the door of $565 though! I would NEVER pay that much to stay at this hotel and if you are, you need to rebook quickly.Anyone that we dealt with was very polite and friendly. The concierge's gave good restaurant recommendations. I liked the outdoor terrace on the pool level. It was a nice place to relax with a magazine. There are tables and chairs and lounge chairs too.One heads up that I have not seen before is that the mini-bar is electronically wired. If you move anything out of it's designated spot it is automatically charged to your hotel bill. I wanted to put some wine that I bought in the friidge so I moved things around a bit and upon check out we were charged for 3 beers and a water. There was no problem to remove these charges upon checkout but at the same time that we were leaving I overheard another guest also asking for charges to be reversed. Seems like an unnecessary hassle and might be worse for those who don't bother to read their bills upon checkout.	
Sep 16 2007 	Needs help fast-. AAA 4 star-NO WAY!	Location is very good- convenient to most everything in Montreal. The public areas were nice, but the attention to detail ends at the first floor. The room was in desperate need of help. The carpets were stained all over and had cigarette burns all around. The easy chair had huge rips in both arms and the stuffing was hanging out of both arms. Desk chair also had a huge stain on the seat. Business Center internet was $ 7.50 for 15 minutes and 50 cents a copy. AAA needs to pay a repeat vsit- they really missed the mark on this property.	
Sep 14 2007 	Older hotel but very prime central location...	My family and I stayed at this hotel for 2 days. It is very central right in town. I would say the best thing about the hotel is absolutely its location - right next to St Catherine, the Crescent , the Bell Centre etc... We could just walk out every day and night and found food, entertainment and shopping. The hotel and room are a little old, but our room at a higher floor offered reasonable view despite the grey weather. The front desk and the concierge are both friendly. They offer options of self-park and valet. We always like the autonomous self-park and it was about $16 - I think valet is a little more than $20. A little on visiting Montreal: We drove to Rue Denis to have dinner one night to be in a more authentic Montreal neighbourhood and was not disappointed with the food. Though our French was not fluent, the servers at Cafe Cherrier had sufficient English to help. They also had some English menus in limited quantities, but you need your French to read the specials. We also stumbled upon a Saturday market in Old Montreal that imitated 18th/19th century - that was fun and interesting. I am not sure if this is a weekly Saturday event.	
Sep 14 2007	Not lovin this Sheraton!	This hotel was so very average, I kept checking to see if I was really at a Sheraton at all.The hotel is in desperate need of a renovation. The room looks old and tired. We are staying on the club floor, but frankly it's a waste of money. The bed is lovely, clean and firm, but that's about the only positive.The desk is all worn and chipped. The carpet is covered in cigarette burn marks (non smoking room). The coffee provided is Nabob (cheap nasty). The toiletries are ok, but nothing special and pretty spartan.The bathroom is clean but very old and out of date. Took a very long time for water to drain from the bathtub.The swimming pool is nice, although very dark. The high speed internet is $12.95 per day plus tax. All in all, I'm very disappointed. I've stayed in a number of Sheraton hotels and this would rank as one of the worst. The location is great, convenient to downtown and easy access to the subway (metro). St.Catherine for shopping is a block away.Not sure I'll come back here again until they've done some pretty significant renos.	
Aug 29 2007 	Small rooms needs update service very pricely!	I came to Montreal for a congress and choosed Le Centre Sheraton out of many others over the internet because of its close location to the Palais de Congress (0.8km) and to Old Montreal and because of the possibility to use a swimming pool inside of the hotel. I arrived by taxi (it was 40 $ one way) , and unfortunately the website of the hotel did not inform me about the possibility to use the airport transfer (14$) to and from the hotel. Checking-in was very friendly. When I arrived at my smokers room, I was quite shocked because of the strong smell of smoke sticking in all the carpets and furniture. When I found out that there was not even a window to open to let in fresh air, I was dissapointed. Anyhow. None of the rooms has a window to open. Just let the aircondition running up all the time and leave the guestroom door open as often as you are able to. I provided myself with a smell killer spray and so I could stand it. I slept with the guesrroom door half-open all night. There is no dehumdifier or ventilation within the bathrooms, so if you want to enjoy a longer shower it gets quite humid inside your room. The furniture is not taken good care of. The chair in front of the desk as well as the armchair in the room were full of spots. Internet access was provided, yes. But to a rate of almost 15$ per 24 Hours. For example: a colleague of me stayed at Four Points Sheraton, Montreal, where the Internet access was for free!When I wanted to let my handout for my talk at the congress being printed out (the information sheet in the room told me just to send an Email to Lecentre.sheraton@sheraton.com it came back because of an unknown Emailadress. I went downstairs, where the friendly personal provided me with the information that I may print out anything at the business center. Well, I went down to the business center where iwas asked to pay 7.5$ just for using the computer, another 50 cents for every minute and another 50 cents for each of a black and white printed page or 2 $ for each of a coloured page. 10$ just to get a print out of a 2-side word document? No way! Imagine, you are already paying 15$ a day just for the use of the Internet! I went to the front desk again, where they helped me after I told them that I was not willing to pay 10$ for a print-out of a two sided word file. Using your telephone is equally expensive:If you are using a telephone prepaid card on your room telephone, you will be billed for that! You will be billed 1.50 $ for each calling and if you are talking longer than 60 minutes it will be an additional 10 cents per minutes thereafter. I went to the hairdresser at the lowest hotel level. I came out (just for highlights and no special hair cut) with a bill amounting 250$. My fault was, that I hadn´t ask for the average amonut of costs ahead. What was really nice was the pool area, where you will be able to swim from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. , joining a whirlpool or a sauna. This area is really lovely.Check out is around 12 a.m. My flight was going in the evening so I asked for the possibility to store my luggage. It was 1.50$ for each item. Resume: I would not come again to this hotel because even if the pool area is nice, this is not what you should be searching for only in this wonderful city. Le Centre Sheraton is said to be a four stars hotel. I would expect Internet access for free, no billing when using prepaid cards or storing luggage at your departure day and a better service for printing as well as a ventilator/air condition within the bathroom and clean chairs to sit on in a four stars-hotel.	
Aug 26 2007 	They took good care of me	I made my reservation a while ago on their website so got a reduced rate. I read these reviews and was a bit concerned.However when I arrived the front desk staff were extremely pleasant and efficient and took time to explain the location of the amenities. My room was upgraded to an executive suite - a massive living area with even a boardroom size table for eight. The bedroom was as large as most hotel rooms. And there were two full baths. Admittedly the furniture looks a little worn but everything was clean and orderly.There is a lounge on the top floor that is open during the day with free computers. However the free breakfast is limited to cereal and rolls and the evening snacks are minimal compared to most Sheraton offerings.I certainly got my money's worth.	
Aug 21 2007 	Needs updating	Stayed at the Sheraton with the family during a vacation in August. I was very surprised to discover that the bathroom did not have ventilation so get your OUST ready if you decide to stay there. We got a room with a King bed. The room was small but clean. The bathroom was clean too and they will change the linen everyday if you want them to. The location of the hotel is very good, but so are the other hotels downtown. Internet was $15/day (No wireless except in business center) but couldn't get it to work and parking was about $19/day so these charges will add up quickly. Staff was friendly and helpful and they spoke both English and French. They do not offer a complimentary breakfast, but there are good places to have breakfast nearby on St Catherine's. If you like coffee, skip Starbucks and try Second Cup on St. Catherine's. Overall, I was satisfied with the hotel but I would've been more satisfied if it weren't for the bathroom ventilation thing. I paid $75/night through priceline so it was a good value. One last thing: the Montreal Metro is clean and wonderful. Get a Metro pass and skip the hassle of driving through traffic and one way streets.	
Aug 18 2007	Nice Pool okay location but just too big and not worth more than $200 per nigh	We booked this hotel through a deal through SPG. The hotel is very big and impersonal. While we were staying they had a large convention of CWL and they took over the hotel. The location was okay, as were were attending a Congress and touring at the same time. The hotel is next to the Peel metro stop. I wouldn't pay the scheduled rates for this hotel. However, after a week, I think the location was better than I originally thought. Montreal is terribly spread out. We used the metro for the Biosphere, Biodome, and Botanical Gardens, as well as trips to Plateau Mont Royal. You are near the St. Catherine's shopping area, the galleries and Museum on Sherbroke ...plus all of the restaurants in between. We used the healthclub and the pool daily, which were great. The room was nice (a king with a foldout queen for daughter ), very clean and serviced better than most. We actually found the staff in the hotel nice and very helpful. I had to leave early morning alone with a child and two hotel staff jumped in to help me and loaded everything into a taxi. Tipping also didn't seem to be on the begging level we noticed everwhere else in Quebec. Montreal is expensive and if you get this hotel for the right price you will be very happy.	
Aug 15 2007 	I agree skip this one especially at published rates	I managed to get this hotel, like many others on here, on Priceline. I would recommend to skip this one like some other reviews too, especially when paying their advertised rate. It's a good value but only when booking through third parties such as Priceline. It is not up to par with other Sheratons or hotels of the Starwood chain I've stayed at recently. The service at check-in was exemplary, to which I will give credit to that particular employee at the Starwood Preferred desk counter. Despite having booked through a third party, he gave us a choice of rooms and honoured the request for two double beds non-smoking. The rest of the staff were quite the opposite. I dealt with 3 other staff at the reception and they all looked as If they were doing me a favour for even acknowledging my presence. And certainly no smiles. When I stopped by the reception in the morning since parking did not appear on the bill, this particular receptionist did not even say &quot;hi&quot;. Just looked up at me from his computer screen. Parking attendant did not even speak French which in a city like Montreal (I am from this province and it should be expected for those who are more unfamliar with the political context here) in such a large hotel, and myself being from Quebec, was insulting. Lobby otherwise pretty nice but who sleeps in the hotel's public areas?The room was ok and overall tired. Cleanliness left to be desired. It was dusty in all corners (clearly visible when you opened the armoire in which the TV rests) and some of the glasses were not clean. Don't look under the beds!! SweetSleeper beds very comfortable but as somebody else pointed out, it's not enough. Carpets faded although ours was relatively stain-less. Great view of downtown Montreal from our room and it was at the very end of the hallway which was a big plus! It was very quiet. Bathroom of reasonable size, cleaner than the rest of the room although like the rest, dated. Let Starwood invest a little but of money into this one and it will be a much better hotel. Right now, most of the staff seem miserable (reflective of management perhaps?) and the rooms could use a good cleaning or better, a major renovation. Just changing carpets and furniture would go a long way. Right now though, this is not a 4-star hotel and should not be classified as such even on Priceline as it is in no way as good as the Intercontinental or Omni that often come up at the same level. When choosing a hotel and booking direct, I would advise other properties with more cheerful staff and much better rooms.	
Aug 13 2007 	Only stay if you get a good deal from Priceline	I won't be as harsh as other reviewers b/c I found the service to be great. The concierge, front desk, and valet employees were all so helpful and friendly, which made up for a lot of what this hotel was lacking. I'd give this hotel 2 stars if it weren't for the saving grace of the employees, for which I bumped it to 3.I only stayed at this hotel b/c this was what was given to me via Priceline (for about $90/night). I was having trouble securing a room via Priceline in Montreal in August. I'd take note of that - there were many events going on, from Grand Prixe Racing to a huge jazz festival, which made it difficult to secure a room at a decent price. I've read about others Priceliners getting a room here at the Sheraton for $70-80/night. I think this is appropriate for a stay at this hotel.The hotel is located on Blvd Rene Levesque, the downtown area of Montreal. The building is nestled amongst other corporate buildings and looks just like any other tall building in the area - nothing special. The blvd is dead on the weekends, since no one is in the office working. The Metro station is 2 blocks away, which was very convenient. However, behind the hotel, a block away is the bustling Rue St Catherine, which is a very commercial strip with clothing store chains such as French Connection, Le Chateau, Buffalo, Aldo, Steve Madden. There's also food chains such as Starbucks and Second Cup, and then nightclubs/bars and seedier places that I will not mention here. Also within walking distance is Rue Crescent, a 2 block area that is devoted to nothing but bars. It is pure mayhem and seems like a big frat party, if you are into that sort of thing. Latin Quarters was another crazy drinking area. I was not looking for this type of experience and appreciated other parts of Montreal, such as the Mont Royal/Plateau and Mile End area.The parking: either pay $26 for valet parking, or $19 for self-parking with in/out privileges. Parking for both are both below the hotel in an underground parking garage. The garage is very deep - there's 10 levels. There is an elevator that leads directly from the garage into the hotel. Then you need to just get into the hotel's elevator to get to your room.The room: I have to agree that the room itself is nothing special. I was already expecting a smaller room - hey, this is a big city. Space is a premium and I understand that. We had a queen-sized bed on a non-smoking floor (though I had asked for king). Apparently, the only avail king bed was on a smoking floor - no thanks. We were on the 19th floor and did have a good view of St Catherine. The bed was comfortable, but there was a small blood stain on our sheets! That wasn't pleasant. In addition, I noticed a small stain on the wall. I didn't even want to explore what it was, so I can't tell you if it was dirt, blood or something else. The carpeting is old and worn. There's a chair with a little table, which was convenient for late night snacks. The desk had internet access, but it wasn't free. We didn't bother to ask the price. The TV is old/dated, and I noticed that we didn't get any premium channels.The bathroom had a huge counter, which is typical of Sheratons. The bathroom handle was broken, which was annoying. You had to flush, then manually push the handle back up or it would perpetually flush.Amenities include a safe, iron/board, blowdryer, pantene branded shampoo/conditioner, coffeemaker.Despite all these setbacks, I will say that the room was overall clean. The cleaning lady was very nice. I wish the hotel would renovate overall, as it def is not the fault of the employees that it's in the state that it is.Overall, I was not expecting much from this hotel, and for what I paid, I was ok with this. If I had a choice of hotels, I would definitely not stay here again and opt to stay at a higher end hotel over the Sheraton.	
Aug 10 2007 	What a Dump!	This place was awful. We arrived from the airport by taxi, unloaded our bags, the bellmen just stayed inside and watched us carry our bags inside. We checked in, and we are starwood preferred guests platinum members, and we had guaranteed a king room. The line for check in was long, front desk person was not friendly. When we got to our room, it was a small and I mean SMALL room with a queen bed that barely fit in the room. There were stains all over the carpet, the duvet, the bedskirt, the chair. The ceiling was crumbling and falling down in the bathroom and shower. There were picture hangers where a picture should have been. We called down and complained, they said they were full. We got online and found a much nicer place called Gouveneur Hotel for much cheaper. We checked out and true to form, got no help with our bags or with getting a taxi. Stay away from this place!!	
Jul 30 2007 	Not so great	Our family of four stayed here in March 2007 for a weekend in Montreal to celebrate a family occasion.The hotel is old style, a tall, office like tower with very little charm. The rooms are dated, a little stale, and no ambience. On the other hand, the price for the room was quite reasonable.The pool and gym were quite nice, with a friendly parrot on site. Would I stay here again? No. Even for the price there are likely more charming and welcoming hotels in Montreal. The hotel is fine for a quick business trip or for an overnight after watching the Montreal Canadians across the street. For an extended stay or for a weekend for two, I suggest to look elsewhere.	
Jul 26 2007 	Comfortable beds not enough...	Our 5 day stay at the Sheraton did not meet our expectations. The hotel was in need of an update or at the very least a detailed cleaning! Rooms were small, doors creaked and the bathroom had more mildew than it should have. Very average. We only ever saw the concierge one Sunday afternoon, never found the restaurant open and were never greeted by staff at the front door. A quick late dinner for two adults and a teen in the lobby bar of chicken wings, chicken ceasar salad, two burgers, two beer and a milk cost in excess of $100. Staff were mediocre.To make matters worse, we had planned to move to Old Montreal for the balance of our stay. Our &quot;less expensive&quot; hotel , Marriot Springhill Suites has surpassed our expectations and makes the Sheraton pale by comparison.	
Jul 20 2007 	Good not Great	Nice lobby and bar (although the drinks are pricey) . The rooms are average. The pool area is nice enough.	
Jul 19 2007 	Very comfortable beds	My husband was on his business trip to Montreal our children 5,3, and 1 year old and I joined him. We stayed here for three nights we were on the 14th floor which was very nice no frills. We had two double beds that were very comfortable. The view was very beautiful it was a view of the Montagne ( mountain). We didn't use any of the amenities because we spent our time outside. The one thing we liked that everything we found was in walking distance. We even walked to Old Montreal. I took the kids to the Planetarium which is within walking distance. We did tour the Biodome which was really interesting. It has a rainforest, an area with penguins and etc. It's well worth the time to see. There's a desk across from the concierge desk that is very helpful in pointing things out on the map on the table if you need help. We didn't eat at the restaurant in the hotel,but went on a street called Rue Peel ( Peel Street) which had a few restaurants there we ate breakfast twice at a place called Belle Province. We really liked this place. The food was delicious the kids and I really liked it. The staff was very friendly and there was good service too. Overall, we enjoyed it,but we would stay somewhere else just to get a different experience.	
Jul 17 2007 	Average hotel....better options elsewhere	I've stayed at the Sheraton Center in Montreal possibly a dozen times over the past 6 years. Other than the lobby, nothing much has changed over the years. The hobby underwent renovations last year &amp; they relocated the bar. It's now quite big &amp; takes up a good chunk of the lobby. Personally, i find it much too big &amp; it always seems more empty than it actually is due to its size. They moved the restaurant to the area where the bar used to be &amp; it never seems very busy. As for everything else, still the same: small rooms that have seen few renovations (but need it!), overpriced internet (around $15 per day....most of the other hotels offer it for free!), several guys/gorillas that patrol the lobby &amp; possibly the most unhappy-looking reception clerks that i have ever met in my entire life!As for the facilities, the gym &amp; pool area are very average &amp; some might call them outdated. Not wanting to be too critical of the place, it has a great location &amp; perfect if you happen to be in Montreal for an event at the Bell Center, which is about a block or two away. I strongly recommend the restaurant across the street on the west side. It's called Queue de Cheval. If you're into stripclubs, the famous 'Chez Paree' is just a short walk away on Stanley street. Women are welcome. For banking, the CIBC building is across the street &amp; shopping &amp; Ste Catherine street are a block away.Will i stay there again? Probably, but only if the price is right. I wouldn't pay more than $100 for this place, which is why i always wind up getting it by using either Priceline or Hotwire.	
Jul 14 2007 	Everthing you would want from a Sheraton and very central location	Rented during the jazz festival...excellent Hotwire rate for this type of hotel. Excellent downtown location, walked everywhere and left the car in the parkade.Parking is expensive around 20$ a day/night but is the best rate around. There are many private parking lots close but as the Montreal Hockey Arena Forum is very close the rates there are more expensive than the hotel and the hotel allows exit priviledges. Restaurant was overcrowded and expensive for the type of food served so we walked a block or so north on a few streets and found great reasonable breakfast places nearby. Shopping is also very close and access to the hotel is easy.In room high speed internet available at a price (around 12$ pls tax I believe)	
Jul 10 2007	Not that happy	We stayed as part of a conference. Our room key periodically did not work and we would have to go to the lobby to get it reprogrammed. They asked for no ID when reprogramming your key either. The rooms were small and the elevator could not handle the number of guests staying in the hotel.	
Jul 5 2007	Pass on this one!	I took this trip with my sister and thought we had booked a great hotel. We were very surprised when we arrived and were told that there were no rooms available with two beds. I asked the clerk if we were supposed to share a king bed and he said yes. My sister asked if there was anything that could be done. The surely clerk pointed out that our booking was prepaid through Priceline, but if we wanted, we could find another hotel! (Of course, at additional cost to us).We decided to take the king room, since after all, &quot;beggars can't be choosers&quot;.When we opened the door to our room, it was clear why they had run out of rooms with two beds. The room was so tiny that it would not accommodate more than one bed. The bathroom was also very tiny. I have stayed at numerous 4-star hotels in different cities and have never encountered a hotel that is so over-rated.I would have liked to have internet access, however they charge $16.95 per day and there is no wireless available in the guest rooms. I have been to many other &quot;superior&quot; hotels, but none have charged such a ridiculous price for internet access that is not even wireless.Our room was on the 32nd floor. At the elevators, there was a brass sign that stated that the pool was on the 6th floor and the lounge was on the 37th. We tried to take the elevator to the 37th floor lounge but it would not take us there. Back at our room, we called the front desk and was told that we could not access the lounge from our floor - only from the 33rd to 36th floors. We mentioned the sign on our floor telling us about the lounge ( we were apparently on the &quot;Starwood Preferred&quot; floor, which apparently meant nothing) and suggested that they remove the sign since we were not allowed on the 37th floor. They said they would &quot;look into it&quot;.Next time I am in Montreal, I would prefer to stay at the Omni, Intercontinental, Holiday Inn, Hyatt or Delta. While I am a devoted Priceline customer, I regret having to stay at the Sheraton and hope to avoid it again!	
Jul 5 2007 	Not that welcoming	I stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights while attending a conference, also held at the hotel. We had booked through our employer and there was a delay in the payment for the rooms being transferred and the hotel staff were very unhelpful when we were trying to resolve the issue. My credit card had been blocked by my bank and I was informed of this by the receptionist all but throwing the card back at me, I think she wanted to eject me from the hotel there and then. Others in my party had similar experiences, they received bills every day and were told to check out each day by both reception and housekeeping staff; the issue had to be discussed again and resolved daily, with new reception staff each time, none of whom were particularly pleasant. On the morning I was due to check out, housekeeping arrived to clean the room before 8am which I think is over zealous to the point of rudeness, we never saw a maid that early on any other morning. Got the feeling they just wanted your money and couldn't get rid of you quick enough.Rooms were a decent size and clean, bathroom quite dated. Concierge also variable in how helpful they were, we asked for a scenic route for a run one day and got no help.	
Jul 4 2007 	Busy hotel and good value for the money	We stayed in late June/July 2007 for 3 nights during the Jazz festival. The hotel cost under £50 per night for a small room with a king size bed for 2 people. The hotel was very busy and so wating for the lift took a considerable amount of time and we resorted to taking the stairs at times as we were only on the 9th floor - 37 in total. We were in a non-smoking room but it smelt of smoke, we did complain and the room was cleaned but this did not eradicate the smell. I would be happy staying here again for this price. The hotel was in a great location, we walked to st catherine street (shopping), mont royal park and old montreal from the hotel.	
Jul 2 2007 	Great downtown hotel	We stay at the Sheraton every time we are in Montreal, which is 3-4 times a year. It is in the perfect location, directly across the road from the Bell Centre, one block from the Metro, and one block from the underground city, park your car in thier underground garage and you can walk to anywhere you want to go,	
Jun 25 2007 	girls' get away weekend	My friend and I planned a girls' get away weekend. Booked the Sheraton through Hotwire at an amazing price. Go ahead, be adventuresome. Terrific hotel, perhaps a little dated but for $89 a night a great deal! Huge rooms with two heavenly beds. The housekeeping left a little to be desired but the important stuff was taken care of. The hotel is close to EVERYTHING including the train stain. Walk to Cora's for breakfast and you must absolutely go to Gibby's in Old Montreal for dinner. At Gibby's we sat downstairs in the restaurant but would have prefered the upstairs. Enormous portions. When in Montreal visit Thursday's. You will laugh non stuff. Long live Montreal, it's outstanding!	
Jun 4 2007	Great Location Good Hotel	We had a room for two adults and one child for two nights. We couldn't get two double beds, so had a king and fold out sofabed, which made great sleeping for all three, but a little crowded when the sofabed was open. The staff was helpful. For the sort of things I wanted to know (e.g, nearest Metro and where to get poutine) the fellows that carry suitcases for the people that want their suitcases carried were knowlegeable enough that I didn't have to bother the concierge. As an aside, if you're in Montreal you should eat poutine at least once, It's quite tasty, but eat it more than once and you should have your cardiologist along on standby. There are a number of attractions near the hotel and the Montreal subway system is super, so even if you aren't as near as you'd like, you can get there from here. We enjoyed the botanical garden, thought Old Town is beginning to get a little bit too Key Westish with T-shirt shops and in general enjoyed the city and the hotel. The Canadian dollar hit its recent high against the dollar while we were there, so for U.S. citizens Canada isn't quite as inexpensive as it was a few years ago.	
Jun 1 2007 	great stay at the Sheraton	Had a great 3 night stay at the Sheraton le centre in Montreal. Received a terrific deal per night and did an upgrade to get on the Sheraton club floors which offered a nice breakfast buffet and evening snacks in their lovely top floor room overlooking the city---37th floor. Easy to walk to St Catherine street (about 2 blocks away) where all the shopping is --also 2 blocks away from the Queen Elizabeth hotel where the train station is located. Montreal is easy and cheap to get around in and the Sheraton's location is as good as any other fine hotel.Our room was comfortable, great mattress, clean, with safe, mini bar, coffee/tea maker --bath room a bit dated but a terrific view of the city. I highly recommend this hotel. It is a busy place but has a nice ground floor bar --complete with a starbucks. Check on line for the best deals.	
May 16 2007 	Solid but not spectacular	I travel to Montreal on business frequently and have stayed here 7-8 times over the last two years, including just returning from a 4 day combined business/pleasure stay.I have always found this hotel to be what you would expect from a typical large city Sheraton -- dependably solid but not spectacular. I repeatedly return here because (1) it is convenient for where my meetings are, (2) I get a very good corporate rate, (3) I like the starwood points. There are unquestionably better hotels in Montreal, but this hotel is fine. The rooms are relatively large, clean, and easy to work in. The beds are comfortable. I have always found the staff to be helpful. And depending on your reason to visit, it's location is excellent -- smack in the middle of the business district, within walking distance of much of what Montreal has to offer and with easy access to cabs and metros for the rest. (you can get pretty good views of the city too, depending on which room you get)If I were planning a trip solely as a tourist, I might look at a hotel around Vieux Montreal (consider, for example, the St. James or St. Sulpice), but this location isn't bad either. For perspective, it's about a 5 minute/$10 cab ride or a 20 minute walk to the heart of Vieux Montreal.	
May 10 2007 	Quite nice stay	Stayed here while traveling on business. Found the location agreeable, walkable to restaurants, shopping and downtown locations. Clean and comfortable, with good service.	
May 7 2007	Go for Club Level!	We had a 2-night stay here last August. Average upscale city hotel, but our room was very small - one of the smallest hotel rooms I've seen outside of Europe. The room would have been OK for one person, but was very tight for two. These rooms seem to be limited to king beds,and you should be able to avoid these small rooms by requesting double beds. (I saw other more normal-size rooms with two beds.) However, I was fortunate to be upgraded to the Club Level (as a Starwood Gold member). This was a real treat - the Club Level lounge is very nice, located on the top floor with huge wall-to wall windows overlooking the city. The free continental breakfasts up here were quite extensive, with excellent croissants, and made a lovely way to start the day. (Unfortunately, our schedule did not permit us to take advantage of the evening offerings in the lounge.) If you have ever been tempted to spring for a Club Level room, this is a good place to go for it!	
Apr 25 2007	Find a good rate	The reviews of this business-oriented hotel are pretty accurate – here are a few of my observations.Good deals: My bid of $70 US all in was accepted for a Saturday night stay – typical regular rates that night were $200 Cdn all in.Not really 4 star: Perhaps the reason my bid for a 4 star room was accepted is because this really isn’t a 4 star hotel. More like 3 and a half. Furniture is a little beaten up. Rooms haven’t been updated that recently. Window-style heating and cooling unit (no wall mounted thermostat) – mine was full of garbage inside. Toiletries are not 4 star level.Archaic Parking System – You *must* have your paid room invoice to show the parking attendant if you pay for your parking at the same time as you check out. Parking for 24 hrs on a weekend was $19cdn.Big brother mini-bar – they claim to have some sort of infra-red device in the minibar that knows when you take something out. It seems to work, so keep that in mind if you like to poke around.Decent bed: a little soft for my taste but the linens looked new.Conclusion: This is a very big hotel with a lot of rooms to fill and you can probably get a good rate for a room here if you look for it. It was good value for my money.	
Mar 7 2007 	Ok hotel...cookie cutter Sheraton nothing special	First of all I got the room for $90 a night (including taxes) off of ---.com for a 2 night stay. We arrivd at 7pm to a simple check in, I requested a higher floor (as I usually do) and was granted one next to the elevator. While Im not happy about being by the elevator, it was a quiet hotel so it was never a problem.The room was your standard hotel room, I didnt hate it or love it, it was simply a hotel room. The internet was about $13 USD for 24 hours and the TV wasnt the best when it came to reception. As you know Montreal is a French speaking region, so any English channels on the TV are a blessing, and of course the ones with the static were CNN Headline News and CBS Vermont. We had other options, but not many.We never ordered room service...but they do guarantee delivery to your room in under 30 minutes or its free. Thats nice since once I waited an hour for a pizza at a Wyndham in Boston.The Sheraton Sweet Sleeper Bed was very comfortable and big, we had a queen size. The bathroom needs a makeover, stuck in the late 80s early 90s with old looking wallpaper.The room had horrible lighting...I mean this isnt some sleazy motel off of the highway, its one of the more popular hotels in Montreal downtown. One lamp didnt work and the ones that did had very dim lighting.We had a great view of a building being constructed in the distance...and no sarcasm here...the view was cool because we had snow (Montreal in March? no way!)...and the workers continued working through the wind and snow on a -10F day on top of this 30 story structure. Off to the right was Mont Royal. Very big windows light up the room during the day.They have a store (Montreal touristy crap like t shirts,mugs,magnets etc) one level below the lobby with an ATM next to it. They also have a jewelry store in the level below the lobby.The hotel is very close to the main train station where VIA Rail and Amtrak are located. About 2 blocks away and around the corner from Crescent Street which is full of bars/restaurants and shopping. Also check out St Catherine Street for shopping (FCUK,Mexx,Gap,Hugo Boss,Zara)They have two places to eat.Bistro Le Boulevard which is open daily 7am-2pm and Le Bistro Bar which is a bar/pub grub place with welcoming giant wall size windows and very comfy seats and couches. It isnt a sports bar with a jukebox...its more sophisticated chic styling with the best french fries in Montreal!While I stayed 2 days...like I stated earlier...it is a nice hotel...but nothing special...would I stay again when I return to Montreal? More likely no than yes...unless I get stuck with it through a Priceline bid again.	
Feb 23 2007 	Very Nice Hotel.	We travelled here with 2 kids and stayed for a week. I'll break everything down.Location: Pretty good central location, across from the Bell Centre. Eaton Centre and Rue St. Catherine are a short walk away for great shopping and there are also lots of restaurants nearby..Hotel Ambiance: Very upscale high rise hotel, more business like than family oriented. There is a variety store in the basement, expensive. There is a restaurant called Le Bistro on the main floor. Very pricey, not much for choices, food was just okay.Rooms: We had two double beds, the room was small. Not roomy for 2 adults and 2 kids. The bathroom was okay as far as bathrooms go. A bit outdated. The rooms were cleaned daily by the maid, and she did a good job. I'd say the room for me was dissappointing for $170.00 a night. There was only 1 tv and 2 phones. Who needs 2 phones? I'd rather have another t.v. Local phone calls are $1.49 + tax. Ouch! There was a video game console but you had to pay. Our ordering system for that and movies didn't work. Internet services are not free anywhere in the hotel. It is about $16.75 or so for 24 hours. There are some hotels that give you that for free. We were on the 20th floor and had a beautiful view. There is a fire station on the road beside the hotel, so we did hear alot of sirens from fire engines AND ambulances at all times of the day. The beds are heavenly! I never sleep in hotels because I am too uncomfortable, and this is the first hotel that I literally was out like a light. The sweet sleeper beds are awesome!Staff: Excellent, professional, courteous, nice and helpful! Orsola at the concierge desk will make sure you are never bored. Ask her what to do and she'll give you plenty of ideas along with a map! She's awesome! Merci Orsola!!!!!Bar: Very nice and pleasant staff. We has petite dejeuner (breakfast) there. They offer Starbucks coffee, croissants, pasteries, muffins, cookies, fresh fruit, yoghourt, bagels. After 2 pm they do finger foods.Pool: Nice, also has a sauna and a parrott named Cecile. The only thing that bothered me here is that parents let there kids jump and splash and act like maniacs. We left one day because there were some really bad kids. My kids were freaked out. Staff is friendly but they don't keep the kids from splashing or jumping when the sign says they are prohibited from doing so.Things to do: Biodome, Insectarium, Planetarium, Notre Dame, Bell Centre Tour, Shopping on Rue St. Catherine &amp; Eaton Centre, lots of great restaurants, and the movie theatre on Rue St Catherine offers movies in English. The hotel said it had children's activities, but we did not see any. The metro is very easy to take and way less expensive than taxi's. You can jump on one at Peel or McGill in the Eaton Centre. Go to Chez Cora's for breakfast, it's really good!All in all, the hotel is nice but expensive and you have to pay for everything. No free breakfast here either. It is a really nice, professional hotel close to everything. I don't know if I would stay here again, I might try something else for less money and more for it. It is great however for business people, because there are lots of meeting rooms, and the hotel is central to everything!	
Feb 11 2007 	Great location but little flavor	I stayed here with a couple other friends back in October 06. It was a nice hotel and the location is fabulous. It was a few short blocks to a metro stop as well as to Crescent street. The staff was very helpful - recommending good restaurants and bars as well as accomodating our need for an extra bed quickly. The cafe bar was a great place to get away from your fellow travelmates. There were two drawbacks for me. It lacked any local flavor. And the bar closed fairly early. Overall though, it was a great deal and a great hotel.	
Feb 1 2007	excellent service	We experience problems with the room	
Jan 28 2007 	Hard to Beat the Value	I stayed at this hotel in Oct 2004 for 3 nights before a cruise departure and then returned in Nov 2005 for a Canadiens game. Hotwire frequently offers prices under $100US so the price and the beds keep me coming back. The location is great and worth noting is an excellent Portugese restaurant called Ferreira within walking distance. I'm a Starwood member (don't even have many points) and was upgraded to the Club Floor each time. Club Lounge offers free breakfast and happy hour appetizers with a spectacular view of the city. Lastly, the spa takes appointments up to 10pm and offers surprisingly low prices for services.	
Jan 23 2007 	Good but not perfect	I visit Montreal 5-6 times a year and just returned from my first stay at the Sheraton, which I booked through a bid on priceline. Plusses are room size, great bed, cleanliness, and a decent location-close to the Bell Centre, St. Catherine Street and Crescent Street.Minuses were that some parts are starting to show some age. This place is certainly not run down but after staying at the renovated Hyatt my last 3 trips this place definitely is showing a bit of wear. My room had a big crack in the bathroom countertop and some small cracks in the wallpaper in the room. The Hyatt was definitely nicer, except for its poorly designed bathroom.One of the other disadvantages is that this is one of the downtown hotels that does not have a direct connection in to the Metro or the underground city so you have to go outside for a block or 2 in either direction before getting back indoors. In the summer I could care less but in the winter it means carrying around a coat all day like I did when I spent the day at the convention center.For the price I paid I was certainly satisfied but for full price you can do better in Montreal, like the Marriott or Hyatt.	
Jan 15 2007 	Loved the Sheraton Le Centre	I got a great deal on a room at the Sheraton Le Centre. It was my first visit to Montreal and I have to say the hotel made it special. The room and its views were fantastic, the beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept in and the staff were lovely. The food in the restaurant was really excellent, at breakfast anyway, and the staff made you really feel at home. I haven't got a single bad thing to say about it, and will definitely be looking to stay in Sheratons when I travel abroad from now on.	
Jan 8 2007 	EXCELLENT EXCELLENT Location!!	Stayed here Jan 6th-7th. Location is incredible! I've stayed at several other hotels in downtown montreal and this was by far the best! We were here for a Montreal Canadiens game. The Bell Centre is literally across the street(1 minute walk), shopping on St. Catherine, right around the corner, plenty of places to eat as well, Crescent Street is 2 blocks away, the train station is about 3 blocks away, 5 minute walk. Room was very nice and clean, standard. Big bed! We had a beautiful view of the city. When we checked in they put us on a floor filled with university students, however they quickly realized their error and sent someone up to switch our room to a quieter floor! We even got a late checkout of 3pm!! Would definately stay here again!	
Dec 29 2006 	Great stay in a great location downtown.	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights - of which the 3rd night was free!! This made it unbeleivable value for money!The hotel is really nice....rooms very spacious and well kept with all modern amenities. The bar in the hotel is beautiful bar with large leather chairs. The restaurant was also very good and they catered very well for coeliacs :o)The pool was also lovely and it was a great way to end a day walking the streets - even though the parrot at the pool side did frighten the life out of me :o)Overall - we had an excellent stay and I would recommend this hotel.	
Dec 26 2006 	Good choice.	My wife and I stayed here in mid September. The location is ideal for walking to the metro, downtown attractions and restaurants. We had originally planned to stay near the convention hall, but we weren't able to book a room at the time. Fortunately we made this choice instead. The area around the convention center is a little more seedy and there aren't as much restaurant choices as opposed to the Sheraton Le Centre. We didn't eat at any of the dining establishments in the hotel as there were so many other choices within walking distance and we didn't get to use the other facilities because we were too exhausted from touring the city during our stay. The staff at this hotel is friendly and professional. Overall a good choice for any visit to Montreal.	
Nov 27 2006 	Pretty good	Good Location, nice pool with whirlpool and sauna, nice exercise room. I didn't like the bar because I could not take my son in while I had a beer at the end of the day. Some crazy law that says you can't take a kid into some kinds of bars but you can into some other kinds of bars. Also, I advise using valet parking. I didn't and ended up waiting a half hour while the parking lot attendant scratched his head trying to figure out the parking bills for me and for the two cars ahead of me. This was at 7:00 AM on a Sunday morning. Also, watch out for the minibar. There is a little sign on it which says that if you move anything in the minibar you will be charged. Before I saw the sign, I picked up a bottle of beer to look at it and then put it back and was worried all weekend that I would be charged. Fortunately I was not charged. The staff was reasonably friendly and helpful. Also, I booked the hotel on Hotels.com and was billed in US dollars. Now I don't know how to get my tax back from the Canadian Government.	
Nov 5 2006	Good value in Downtown	The hotel has a great lobby and bar and very friendly staff prepared to put up with the fact i speak no french. The rooms were a little tired and probably time for a refurbishment but terrific value for money. Breakfast was slow but good and because you are so central no need to rush.Will stay there again	
Nov 2 2006 	I'd stay here again	Everything was fine. Check-in was quick and accurate. Hallways were well-kept and quiet. The room was well-equipped and clean. The heating system went quickly into action. Although yes, the room's decor is a bit old-looking, it was old in an appealing and cozy way, like staying at someone's grandma's place. Not old in any kind of dilapidated/grungy way. Just nice. Bed was comfortable. Towels were clean, bathroom amenities were adequate.Room service dinner of grilled cheese sandwich was very tasty. Breakfast of fresh berries not as fresh as I'd serve in my own kitchen, I'm afraid. That's probably my only complaint.I'd stay here again!	
Nov 1 2006 	A Hotel that does the trick nothing more.	Good Central Location but the rooms could do with a make-over. Compared to the Sheraton in Toronto this was a very poor example.Room on 20th Floor, great view but room looked a little jaded, but very clean.Had good fun in the Bar, enjoyed a few Kir Royale, excellent service and very nice to chat too.Great Indian at top of Rue Stanley - Le Taj - outstanding.Hurley Irish Bar, worth a visit just for the atmosphere.Notre Dame is wonderful as is Brother Andre Basilica, worth the short Metro ride.All in all, a transit hotel with little atmosphere but has everything a traveller needs.	
Oct 23 2006 	Good hotel but nothing special	We stayed here for one night in October on our way to Quebec City! Had a room on the 24th floor; great view!! Nice and clean!! Only problem - hotels like this just don't leave a mark! They're boring, all look the same and after you leave, you barely remember them!!	
Oct 19 2006	Good value great location	Found a terrific rate for a last-minute weekend getaway at the SPG website. Had had a very nice stay here some years ago and even though some of the shine has worn off this hotel since then, that wasn't really enough to diminish our most recent stay.We drove in from the Boston area and the bellhops, parking valets and front desk staff were all quick and efficient. The lobby has always had that rather urban business hotel look to me-no avant-garde, over-the-top luxurious details, though, on the other hand, it's not all barebone hotel with glaring lights and fake plants. Busy, yet hushed it has a lobby bar that never seemed to be closed no matter how late we returned in the evening.(though don't quote me on that)The room was comfortable and clean. I was afraid that bc of the fabulous rate we'd received that that might translate into an inferior room but the room, linens and furniture all seemed very well-kept. I'm happy to hear the hotel may be receiving some renovations though if this room was an indication, I wonder that they couldn't put it off for a while longer? But, again, perhaps my satisfaction comes from having paid so reasonable a price. We had no problems with housekeeping all wknd.The location is great. We're from a walking city and enjoy other walking cities and though Montreal is fairly large you can still access so many of the city's sights on foot from this hotel-Mont Royal and the Old Port, shopping, restaurants, McGill University and even the &quot;red-light district&quot; if you dare. Montreal has many, many, many fabulous hotels (Nelligan, St. Sulpice, St. Paul and on and on)-especially in that 'boutique' category. For a special weekend, I'd absolutely recommend researching those -but for a quick and comfortable weekend stay in a convenient location, Le Centre Sheraton is a fine choice.	
Oct 17 2006	Loved Le Centre Sheraton	October 2006Never having been to Montreal before, I had a difficult time deciding where to stay in the downtown area, which had been recommended by friends. I decided on Le Centre Sheraton because of TripAdvisor reviews regarding location and service. I was not disappointed. The location is perfect, within walking distance of historic old town, downtown, the various neighborhoods, and the mountains. We walked everywhere.I stayed on the Club Floor with its own concierge and club lounge that included a very extensive continental breakfast, hors d'oeuvres in the evening, and panoramic views. It was a wonderful place to meet and socialize with friends. It also offered free internet access. My room had a panoramic view of the river and the city, was large, and nicely appointed. It was well worth the slightly added expense to stay on the Club Floor.The service was above average. When I did not answer my wake-up call while in the shower, the hotel called a second time, and then sent a bellman up to the room to knock on the door. The hotel staff were very helpful in every respect. The ambiance was a welcoming one. I would certainly stay with them on a future visit. A TripAdvisor member, San Francisco, CA.	
Oct 15 2006	In desperate need of some love 	I'm Preferred Gold, so I stayed on one of the Starwood Preferred floors. If my room is any indication of what they give their best customers, I feel bad for their other guests. I got a great deal on the room through a AAA promotion they're running, but I would be on a letter-writing campaign to corporate if I'd paid anywhere close to retail.While the bed is a comfortable Sheraton Sweet Sleeper, that was the only similarity to my recent stays at other Sheraton brand hotels. The chair was frayed &amp; well-worn, the carpet stained, and the bathroom was dimly lit with poor fluorescent lighting. This hotel is in desperate need of a full rooms renovation.One other point to make: unlike other full-service urban hotels I've stayed in, the security at this hotel is somewhat lacking... especially at night. There is no security personnel stationed to ensure that only hotel guests take the elevators to guest rooms. I had a bizarre encounter with someone knocking on my door at 4:00am in the morning which required me calling security to have resolved.	
Oct 4 2006 	Good and will get better	Stayed here Sept 16-23 and had a great time overall. This hotel is in a great location, within easy walking distance of everything. It's right across the street from Bell Centre, right near St Catherine St with all of its nightlife, tons of great restaurants nearby, etc. And yes, even the adult entertainment that Montreal is known for is right nearby. The hotel is oriented towards business travellers and tourists.Some previous reviews noted that the hotel is in need of renovation. And it is. It's not up to the new Sheraton standards. BUT the good news is that according to the front desk staff, the hotel IS scheduled for renovation in December 2006! So I imagine any nits that have been mentioned will be remedied then.I had a double room on the 11th floor with a great view of St Catherine's St and Mt. Royale. The bed linens, etc, were very nice, although (as a previous poster mentioned) I had one of the double beds that seemed to have an older mattress (squeaky) and one that was newer. The furnishings in the room were nice - not exceptional, but very nice.Yes, the bathroom does need updating, but not THAT much. Here and there the wallpaper seams have seperated from years of steam. And yes, the towels are kind of industrial and not all soft and fluffy, but everything worked just fine. A bonus was the curved shower curtain rod for more room in the shower (I'm a big guy and it was much appreciated). The room is still nice marble.Staff: I had great service from everyone I encountered. They were all very friendly, eager to help and very efficient.Two complaints though:1. The interactive TV system where you could check your bill or order movies only worked 2 of my 7 days there.2. The price of room service. I know, I know. I travel a lot and usually stay in &quot;Westin level&quot; hotels and am used to high prices for room service. But this Sheraton is absolutely outrageous! The night I got in I ordered a burger and fries, another side of fries, and a coke. The total? $42!!!! A regular breakfast can easily cost you $30. Come on guys, that's just outrageous. As a result, I never ordered from them again.Overall I'd definitely stay again, especially after the renovation, but that wouldn't stop me from staying there even before then. Recommended!	
Sep 30 2006 	Great Bed - Rubbish Service	Well, I have never had such bad service at a hotel! I'm afraid this is going to sound like a real moan - but I want to explain what sort of service you can expect here....It all started right from arrival, where we had to sort our luggage ourselves, and at check-in were simply handed a room key and left to work out which floor it was on - with no info about meals, facilities, or the package we had booked - despite there being no queue of people waiting. It wasn't really appropriate, considering the price the hotel charges, and that it's meant to be 4star.The next morning we had the pleasure of cleaning staff holding a loud conversation outside our door at 7.30am... the morning after was better, as it didn't happen until 8am :-)Breakfast was also messed up every day - the check-in man forgot to give us coupons, which meant that we had to leave the table, and queue at the front desk to get them whilst our coffee went cold. Despite having the 'full american' included in our package, we didn't get the same thing on any of the three days we stayed there - items were missing, swapped around, or just forgotten !A phone request to housekeeping for a clean towelling robe (the one provided was dirty) was ignored, despite being promised to arrive in 5 minutes ... What annoyed us the most was that when we mentioned our complaints about service at check-out, the attitude of the member of staff was 'oh well'. So much for the Sheraton promise that 'if you're not happy, we'll sort it or compensate for it' !On the positive side, the room was nice, the bed was huge and very comfy, and there were plenty of fluffy towels. The pool/whirlpool/sauna was also good (and all free). THere is a handy shop in the basement - and the concierge knew a lot about local restaurants / attractions - so I can't fault them:-)Location was quite good - close to the ice hockey centre and downtown shops.Overall - it's OK ... a nice hotel, but shoddy service. Not really worth the 4 stars or the money, in my opinion.	
Sep 27 2006 	Good hotel	Valid 4 star, but slight pain in the backside was that they didn't do the rooms on both mornings of our 3 night stay! We rang from our room the second time to reception - they charged us $1.10CDN for that!! Cheeky, but I couldn't be bothered arguing.Another small thing - we parked our hire car in hotel car park, and when checking out they didn't charge for one night, which I didn't notice until I was trying to leave the carpark and the attendent made out like I was being cheap - they do the bloody carpark stuff in the hotel! Luckily I had cash, otherwise???!!The location is good, Montreal's ok, nice at day, not great at night. Too many beggars, most I've ever seen anywhere. Toronto's better.I would stay here again, we got a great deal on Hotwire (about £62 a night). Perhaps we didn't leave the rooms in time, not sure. But they sent people up and the room and towels were sorted out. The hotel bar is very nice.	
Sep 13 2006	A perfect stay	I arrived at the Sheraton Montreal hotel and was very impressed with my walking in. I checked in without a problem. I walked into my room and the room was very well kept and organized. The stay was so convient to downtown Montreal. Everything was walking distance. The bed was a king size bed and was the best bed i've slept in at a hotel. I ordered room service and room service quality of food was average. The ameneties, especially teh swimming pool was so refreshing. Definately have to use the swimming pool next time. I will definately come back to the Sheraton Montreal.	
Sep 13 2006 	just ordinary	The hotel is what i call ALL LOBBY meaning you get fooled by nice lobby n bar etc but rooms very ordinary. The bathroom sink was cracked and the whole bathroom just needed an upgrade. The bed was just ok not that bad. The location however is just great. I would only recommend this hotel if you get a price of btw 75-90 dollars on priceline it is not worth 135 and up.	
Sep 8 2006 	okay stay needs renovations	Overall okay experience with this hotel. My main complaint is that the hotel needs some renovations. Lobby was nice but when you got to the floors and rooms, there was a different feeling. There were stains on the carpeting in the hallways (and you can tell the carpeting has been there for a long time..atleast that is for the floor i was on). The bathroom seems a bit dated and the ceiling needed to be cleaned because there were stains.We had a room with two double beds. One bed was very comfortable where the other one was a lumpy.Hotel staff was great. They were all nice and very helpful. We paid $18/day for parking.Restaurant food was average. (French onion soup and creme brulee was good but my main course was not that good).This hotel was not my #1 choice when i was booking but i received a good rate for the room so i went with it. If i paid more for the room i think i would have been more disappointed, we got what we paid for.Even though i have my complaints about the hotel, we did have a wonderful trip and the hotel did not spoil my fun. (but i admit that i wish i went with my #1 choice)If i were to visit again i would try another hotel.	
Sep 5 2006 	Great Value in Montreal	This hotel is a great value if you book through Hotwire or Priceline for under $100. The room was clean and efficient, even with a couple of old stains on the carpet. Plus if you get a room on a high floor, the view is rather nice. The location was good since it is close to the Metro stop at the Centre Bell and around the corner from the St. Catherine shopping street. If you're a Habs fan, i recommend you stay at the Sheraton during hockey season since it is across the street from the Centre Bell. Several good restaurants and pubs within a couple of blocks including Ye Old Orchard, McLean's Pub, and Peel Pub. Lots of great nightlife in the area and highly recommend that you make the trek up to McGill University, especially during Frosh Fest. For great tastes of Montreal, consider making your way down to Eggspecation and olive + gourmand in the old part of the city. If you're in the Latin Quarter on St. Denis, be sure to stop at La Brioche Lyonnaise for some of the best patisserie outside of Europe.	
Sep 1 2006 	very tired and needs renovation	Compared to other Sheratons, I thought this one was way below average.The room was a bit rough around the edges and needed an update to the furniture, soft goods, and bathroom.The Sweet Sleeper bed is great, but most hotels have upgraded bedding these days, so this is hardly a big deal.I changed rooms twice to a larger room and still found it small and not fresh.I would go elsewhere next time I'm in town.	
Jul 31 2006	Quite Good!	Le Centre Sheraton is a well upkept and modern hotel. The lobby is modern and classy, with a beautiful skylight/greenhouse that overlooks a Starbucks. The pool is incredibly beautiful, with a wall mural and a very classy feeling. The life guards are relatively attentive, and there is a parrot that occassionally greets you.The rooms are clean and large. Particular rooms have a mini-bar, but be careful! If you so much as even touch a snack, an infared sensor will immediately charge you. Most floors are non- smoking and the higher ones have a superb view. The Sheraton &quot;Sweet Sleeper&quot; bed isn't all that comfortable however, and there was a stain on one of the pillows. The Washroom had dated wallpaper, but it was very clean. Overall the Centre Sheraton is a classy,ambient hotel worth re-visiting.	
Jul 12 2006	Good enough	We booked two rooms on 6/30 as part of our road trip through Priceline for about $110 per room (with processing fee and tax). Prior to the trip, we contacted the hotel to request for King size beds and non-smoking rooms. However, the customer service representative weren't helpful on the phone because we booked the rooms through the priceline. When we checked in, we didn't get the king size beds. The non-smoking rooms the front desk claimed to be smelled like ash tray. So that was the part we weren't too happy about. There were constructions going on at front entrance of the hotel. The room itself is clean and spacious. Swimming pool is basic, nothing fancy. Location is pretty decent. A bit far from the old Montreal (about 20 minutes walk), but one black away from the big shopping street Rue st-Catherine, and maybe 3 blocks away from rue Crescent (plenty of restaurants/clubs).Overall, it's not a bad deal for the price we pay, but I would definitely not pay full price for it.	
Jul 11 2006	Excellent	The hotel was great! The room was big. The beds are very comfy! The view was beautiful, and best of all, the location was excellent! Walking distance to everything! We even walked to old Montreal from the hotel in about 30 min. I had NO complaints about the hotel or the staff. I definetly recommend it!	
Jul 5 2006	Mixed feelings...	I stayed at Le Centre Sheraton for the July 4th weekend (4 nights) and left disappointed. First of all, I've stayed at this hotel a number of times, each time as a result from booking with either a Priceline or Hotwire. My previous visits have all been better than this most recent experience, so take note.My main complaint was that they put me in a smoking room. I don't smoke and never requested a smoking room, but the hotel insisted my reservation was for smoking. And because it was a popular weekend, the hotel was booked and they claimed they could not move me to a non-smoking room. They did offer to send an ionizer to my room, which did effectively nothing to the smell. On my return home, I contacted Hotwire and was told Hotwire cannot guarantee a non-smoking room, so beware if you use Hotwire.Aside from this issue, the room itself was fine except for the bathroom. Although they have begun some renovations to the hotel (the hotel bar is now much better than before) and the rooms (the bedspread was new), they really need to focus on updating the bathrooms.....our tub spout leaked daily, the reserve tank for the toilet overflowed a number of times, the florescent lighting over the sink was half out and the towels were badly in need of a replacement.On the good side, the location is ideal, particularly if you have an event at Centre Bell, and the views from the rooms are excellent. For the $90/night I generally pay through Hotwire/Priceline, I think the hotel is ok, but I highly doubt I'd pay the $200+/night and book direct.	
Jun 10 2006	Couldnt have asked for a better location folks	My wife and I stayed at this hotel over the memorial day weekend, and I must say that this has to be one of the best locations for a hotel in Montreal. We drove from Albany NY on saturday 5/27 ( took over 3 hours at the border crossing), got to the hotel at around 7pm, parked in their underground parking lot for $18 CAD for over 36 hours of parking. Rue St Catherine was a couple of blocks away so was the entrance to the underground city. On Sunday we took the bus tour of Montreal for $18 CAD each which lasted about 3 hours and was worth every penny The Driver dropped us off at the Notre Dame Basillica, took $5 each to get in. From here we walked through Old Montreal and back to the hotel which was about a 15 to 20 minute walk. By the way the tour started at Rue Peel at Dorchester Sq which was also a couple of blocks from the hotel. The room in the hotel was small but sufficient for 2 people, the bathroom was very clean, we were on the 30th floor with a fantastic view of the city. The people at the hotel were very courteous, the bartenders at the lobby bar made some mean vodka tonics. The room itself had a well stocked mini bar but the prices were ridiculous ( $9 for one of those bitty bottles of booze ). We paid $ 187 CAD for the room through AAA and it well worth it. Please email me if anybody has any questions.	
Jun 2 2006	Good location ok rooms	The best part of this hotel is the location, I was able to walk to the main shopping district, the bell centre and even old montreal. I did have to drive to the oympic stadium and the gardens. The hotel itself was nice, same with the rooms. But nothing extraordinary. Also small. very small. the room fit a bed, entertainment/dresser, desk, chair and ottoman. Between them less then a foot of space. however I was really only in my room to sleep and shower. I was out enjoying the beautiful city of montreal. I was only there for the weekend so every chance i got i was out and about...however, if you are planning a lengthy trip and will be spending more time in the room you may want to find a bigger room. Overall i was pleased, if you are looking for a nice clean hotel to relax, and be near by to the locations you want to see, I would recommend, if you know you are the type of person who is more comfortable with space and looking for a at home feel I would not recommend. Hope this helps and enjoy your trip.	
May 16 2006	never stay there	This hotel is tired and is in need of a reno. Our room was so small you practically tripped over the bed when you walked in the room. Smallness aside, the bathroom tap leaked and they charged for everything on top of the room charge. But, the worst was that they did not make up the room. We went out for the afternoon and when we came back at 4pm the room was not done. We spoke to the manager and he assured us our room would be done after we went out at 6pm. We returned at 12:30am and the room was still not done. We called and spoke to the night manager and he said all he could do was move us to another room and give us 500 Sheridan points. Who wants to change rooms at that time of night when you're tired and all your stuff is unpacked and who wants Sheridan points when you never plan to stay at a Sheraton again.	
Apr 24 2006 	not a good value	There's nothing really wrong with this hotel, but I didn't think it was a good value. The rooms were o.k., but the beds were squeaky and the desk lacked a ergonomic chair. The bathrooms were large. But internet connection was expensive ($14.50 a day) and they had the nerve to charge me for the phone calls to technical help when it didn't function properly! They charge extra for most everything--internet, 800 and local phone calls, the newspaper, and parking (and the charges for all are higher than average). One happy exception is that the indoor pool and gym was free and much better than average (the pool is large enough to do laps--that is, if families aren't blocking all the lanes playing with the hotel's supplied beach ball!). If you are attending a conference at the hotel, I'd suggest staying less than a block away at the Best Western Europa.	
Apr 24 2006	Good not Great	We stayed at the Sheraton in Montreal for 3 nights. Nothing exciting, but nothing really wrong either. One big plus - the breakfast and the servers in their restaurant. Everyone was cheerful and helpful and everything we tried for breakfast was delicious. Very accommodating. In fact everyone at the hotel was friendly.	
Mar 24 2006 	Not a great hotel	I stayed several times at this hotel but only because I had a good corporate rate with them. Otherwise I would have stayed elsewhere. I don't think this hotel is particularly good value. It is not as nice as the other Sheraton's I stayed at.I once arrived only to find the lobby deserted -- no bell boy to help with the suitcases and no one behind the counter at the reception. They also managed to loose my laundry once. Rooms could be cleaner too. Noisy A/C.Some reviewers said that this was a good area but I found downtown Montreal dirty and full of beggars and other unsavoury characters.	
Mar 21 2006	Comfortable and convenient	Stayed here for a second time for four nights in February. We got good, quick service for those small needs (new lightbulb, extra blanket). Fantastic views from the upper floors, and very nice swimming pool, at a reasonable rate. Outstanding location and comfortable beds. Rooms are smallish, but adequate and typical for this kind of hotel. Tiny quibble: Last year, the breakfast wasn't particularly good, and the hours didn't work for us. Not a problem with so many good inexpensive restaurants along St. Catherine and elsewhere nearby. Our favorite (even with our picky children) is Basha.	
Feb 21 2006	Great Hotel	Stayed at this hotel in Feb, in town for a hockey game. The location is perfect it is two blocks from the Bell Centre. Hotel is very active, but the rooms are very quiet. Staff was very accomodating. We travelled with our small dog and she was treated very well. Rooms were a fair size, bed was very comfortable with a duvet and lots of pillows. Would stay there again no problem.	
Feb 7 2006	Very Good	Stayed here for 2 nights (Feb. 3-5) and found it to be very nice. Not as nice as Montreal's boutique hotels but pretty good. Everything was clean and the beds were terrific. The 21st floor offered a nice view of the city and Mont Royal. The bar is also very chic and a bit trendy. Our room was ready at noon even though check-in was at 3pm. We self-parked in the garage ($18) .vs $24 for valet. The location was perfect, since we were up for a hockey game. The Bell Centre is basically across the street and Crescent/Bishop streets were about 2 blocks away. If you are into the St. Laurent and St. Denis scene it's a bit of a haul (approx. 10 blocks). Metro stops are close by as is underground access. If you want a great steak, La Queue de Cheval is right next door.We had an issue with the charges on the &quot;express checkout&quot; bill that was left under our door and it was cleared up without a problem at the front desk. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Jan 1 2006	Best New Years Ever!!	I came down to montreal to celebrate New Years and this hotel made my stay most enjoyable. Very friendly staff, great hotel rooms with a big bed which is super warm. The lobby area is great, i ate at the resteraunt which was very yummy and the bar had a great atomosphere and reasonable prices. Next time I am in Montreal I will 100% be staying at the Sheraton Centre.	
Nov 29 2005	Fantastic Hotel Stay	Our stay at the Sheraton was excellent...closest hotel to the Bell Centre, 5 minute walk to the major shopping area. The service was fantastic and the beds were super cozy!! Overall, a wonderful stay! We will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 13 2005	Great hotel in a good location	I've stayed in many different hotels in Montreal (Delta, Inter-Continental, Omni etc) and this is by far my favourite. Every time I come here the service is excellent, I get a room on a high (25 + ) floor, and get good rates - $129CDN with AAA. The rooms are a little on the small side, but well furnished (With those amazing Sweet sleeper beds) and have great views. Even when they gave me a pre-occupied room by mistake (first day with a new computer system) they got it sorted out quickly and had a fruit basket sent up to my room. Location is great, a block from St Catherine St, couple blocks to the Bonaventure Metro. My only gripe is the parking is ridiculously overpriced ($30CDN/night!) and they force u to take valet, which means another couple bucks on top for a tip. I usually park elsewhere and take the metro, helps to avoid Montreal traffic! Overall, I love this hotel and will be returning again and again.	
Oct 26 2005 	Starwood Platinum	Excellent location downtown, can't get much better actually. Rooms and beds to usual standard for this brand but hotel lacks some character.	
Sep 21 2005	Convenient Location But Large Hotel	Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Sheraton Centre Montreal. It is a large hotel with recently renovated, adequately sized rooms, smallish bathrooms and scenic views of the city from the upper floors. It's major asset is its location, 2 blocks from St. Catherine (shopping), 2 blocks from the Peel Blue line station, and 2 blocks from the Bonaventure Orange line station. Adequate service that got the job done but not much more.	
Sep 1 2005	Close to everything in downtown without the hussle and great wonderful beds!	The location is close to everything you want in downtown without the hussle &amp; bustle: the subway, Rue St. Katherine and the underground malls for shopping, McGill, the train station, starbucks, Rue Peel and Rue Sherbrook are all walking distance; there are two rental-car next door, there is a direct bus service to/from the airport and several restaurants around the block with all kind of cuisine! Old Montreal is 10 minutes walking distance which we enjoyed during the day but we took taxis after dark for less than 8 CA dollars.The room was clean and comfortable with the soft Sheraton's signature beds. Plenty of room and great view of Rene-Levesque Blvd. The Bathroom was OK, plenty of towels but in need of a wall covering update. The staff was very nice: quick check-in and we got a nice welcome gift as part of the fare-package we found in the Casino de Montreal website (50% discount on third night plus full breakfast each day). This deal was not posted on the hotel's website so I higly recommend to check it. The concierge was very helpful recomending restaurants, bars and &quot;scenes&quot;. The staff at the breakfast restaurant was quick and attentive and breakfast was plenty of options if you watch your diet.The indoor pool is a nice feature after all the walking we did so we used it every day along with the jacuzzi to relax before dinner. There is a &quot;very small&quot; fitness facility with just the basic features.If you want a great downtown location with the expected Sheraton's features under $199 a day with full breakfast included (check the fare for this add-on) this is the place. I will be back if value/quality/location is what I want.	
Aug 10 2005	LOVE THE BED!	Every Labor Day weekend, my husband and I stay at this hotel.We have a very enjoyable time. The hotel is walking distance to the subway and to the busy downtown areas (St. Catherine St., Cresent Street, McGill). We just love it.It is an extremely clean and impressive hotel. The lobby is to die for with its marble. Just gorgeous. The staff is accommodating when it comes to everything.	
Aug 3 2005	Great hotel love the beds!	I stayed at Le Centre Sheraton over the July 30th weekend with a few of my friends and it was great. We got an amazing corporate rate for the rooms, $117 plus taxes.Check-in was fast and efficient, and the hotel itself is quite nice. Location is great for shopping along St. Catherines and Sherbrooke, but a little bit far from Old Montreal (Vieux port) and the St. Laurent/St. Denis area. However, when you're in Montreal, do as the Montrealers do-- you walk everywhere!!Sheraton has great beds (I've been to a few and they are all soooo nice) and a billion pillows. They even have express checkout, you dont need to go to the front desk to check out at all!I'll definitely stay here again.	
Jul 18 2005	Great location!	Stayed here with my husband Saturday July 16/05. Check in was smooth, staff very accommodating &amp; efficient. One note: you will need to pay extra to have your car parked - it is $20 CA / night. We asked for a room with a view and ended up on the 25th floor overlooking the entire city, which was great!!! The room was clean and very nice, average in size. 27&quot; television in armoire. The beds (very important!) are wonderful..absolutely plush and comfortable and clean! Had a great night's sleep there. We ordered a movie which was a new release and it was $10.99 CA (an added bonus was the fact that we got to preview all of the movies before ordering one) Complimentary coffee and in-room safe. 2 bottles of complimentary water. Washroom was nice. Location was great too - hotel is one block from St. Catherine's street, which is where you will find lots of shopping! Some really good deals on the street too, many international names you will recognize. (ie/ Mexx, Esprit, etc.) This hotel is right downtown, so you are close to many things. We went to lunch at a place on St. Catherine's street called Reuben's and it was great! Lots of items on the menu - toasted club sandwiches with 3-4 inches high of shaved meats, great pizzas, etc. etc. I would go there again for sure. The only problem we had with this hotel was that we started hearing buzzing noises about 6 am, these noises came and went. It disrupted our sleep..we told the clerk at check-out and she gave us 30% off for our pains. We were very happy with this. This was a really great hotel, it was clean, comfortable and perfectly located.	
Jun 23 2005	Enjoyable Stay	Stayed at Le Centre Sheraton this past month and really enjoyed it fully. Location was very good as it was close to downtown and the metro system for other outlying areas. The concierge staff was extremely helpful with recommendations along with helping us to book tickets for a casino show. Also a must is to order in breakfast one morning from room service which was delicious and reasonably priced, complete with fresh flowers. Finally at a price of $98 on hotwire per night I cannot wait to get back up there for the Comedy Fest next month.	
Jun 18 2005 	It's not bad compared to other hotels in Montreal	The &quot;4 star&quot; rating was given only because the other hotels in its vicinity are comparatively worse. As noted by other people, the location is very good, 1 block away from St Catherine's. However, there are a lot of strip joints close by so may be a bit uncomfortable if you have small children. But, there are a lot of restaurant choices so that evens it out.I got a nice corner room and the coffee maker wasn't in the bathroom. There's an in-room safe. The HVAC is not central but one of those outside jobs. I was definitely surprised by that.Reception/concierge was very helpful, no problems encountered. Maybe because I'm SPG Gold? All-in-all, I would come back.	
Apr 29 2005	Good location	This was a good enough hotel in a good central location. Room on Club floor was OK and the Club Lounge was beautiful. Parking was exploitative. The most disappointing thing is Montreal - a city seemingly caught in a timewarp. All the buildings are 60s in design and the streets seemed to be covered with beggars and junkies. Shopping was good but will not return.	
Mar 18 2005	Not as per expectation	We went to Montreal for 4 days in Feb 2005. The Le Centre Shereton is averege hotel. The rooms are not that spacious and not classy compared to the 'W' hotel. Paying 135 $ per night or above I would say is a killer especially when they charge $$ for parking your car also..	
Feb 27 2005	Bring Your Kids and Your Dog!!	This hotel was clean, the people were friendly and helpful (especially concierge) pool was wonderful! The rooms were average. We selected this hotel because we wanted a pool for the kids and we wanted to bring our family pet. A black lab. All in all, we were not disappointed. We got a great rate $149.00 CA and an extended checkout of 4:00pm so we had two full days of fun and did not need to spend the extra $ to stay a second night. We booked through the Sheraton web site. There is a park two blocks away to walk your dog so it was somewhat convenient but cold. The dog was welcomed by staff and guests! The kids loved the pool. It was clean and warm and the hot tub was an added +. Open till 10:00 so there was plenty of time for fun. Outside ice skating in Old Montreal was the highlight of the weekend. What a blast!! You can rent skates and there is a large park that you can skate on. (if you go in the winter w/children, don't miss it). $40 CA for the whole family with rentals and parking. If you have a baby bring the stroller. They let you ice skate and push the stroller on the ice. Fantastic!! For lunch we highly recommend the Forgot Cafe and Bistro on St. Paul in Old Montreal. It is a sweet French bistro with wonderful food and old time atmosphere. It was our second trip there and we truly enjoyed everything. Owners are usually present over seeing perfection and although there is no &quot;kids menu&quot; we found they do cater to children. (chef prepared plain pasta for my daughter) Their presentation of desert is awesome!! If you want to experience a quaint French bistro with children give it a try. Lunch will run around $80 CA for a family of four. Sheraton's location was convenient and we would defenitally stay again.	
Jan 22 2005 	Big Deal	I stayed here for 5 nights in early January, having come to Montreal on business. The hotel is a little beaten up, needing some renovation in guest rooms. I say rooms because they had to move me to a new room based on internet access issues- an issue I had to figure out because the internet access 1-800 help desk could not figure out why I could not sign on- 2.5 hours later I tried the busines center and was able to get on line, thus I moved to a new room. The gym is pretty good, could use some newer cardio equipment. Gym was packed by 6:10 a.m. each day, so maybe they should expand it. Staff for the most part was very nice and professional.	
Dec 7 2004 	Just OK	I found this place to be clean and efficient, with generic big hotel touches in the lobby and room. Checkin was smooth and the staff seemed nice. My room was on the 29th floor and, while it was on a sort of corner, had a view of only parking lots and the street. My rate was not terrific, but it was a very convenient location to my business destination. It is close to St. Catherine Street, but be aware that the part of that street it's closest to, as well as the side street that you'd walk along, seem to be the strip club district. Fine if that's your thing, but if you're bringing kids you might want to take a more circuitous route. The room itself felt pretty dated, with old-fashioned curtains in the room (and the same pattern on the shower curtain) and quaint wallpaper in the bathroom. The bathroom was large, but had a strange marble plank floor that was extremely cold. Pack slippers. The closet was mostly occupied by a safe on a pedestal that made it impossible to hang anything longer than a man's dress shirt in the center of the closet. I had room to fit my coat along the side of it, but a second coat wouldn't have fit. The coffee maker is in the bathroom--it's as far as possible from the toilet but still might invoke an &quot;Eww&quot; response if you're at all squeamish. I'm not sure why this is--there would have been plenty of room on top of the minibar if they had moved all of the fliers advertising their internet service and the Starwood Preferred Guest program. There was a complimentary bottle of water, which was nice. Be aware also that hotel taxes are quite high (16.5%), though the exchange rate with U.S. dollars is still pretty good.	
Nov 27 2004	All about the beds...	We stayed at Le Centre Sheraton in late summer as we received an excellent deal ($109) and the location is within walking distance of almost anything in downtown Montreal.The check-in was efficient and the staff were very friendly. (We even got a free disposable camera as part of the AAA rate - great since we'd forgotten our camera!) We had requested a higher floor room and were checked into the 24th floor with a great view of the mountain. It was on a corner, the only downside with that is that the windows are smaller - but the bathroom, while older, was immaculate and large. The beds are amazing, however - the Sheraton Sweet Sleeper is extremely comfortable - after a long adventurous drive from Toronto (don't ask!) it was great to arrive and relax in these beds, lots of pillows, soft duvet, comfortable matress. Amazing.One advisory about parking - the parking in the hotel was something like $20 a night - there's a large lot across the street in front of the Molson Centre that charged only $5 a day - only downside, we had to go back and pay for each of the three days, however with the cost savings, it was no big deal. I suggest you do this rather than get ripped off by the hotel.Overall, a great hotel, a little 80s-ish in design but very comfortable and friendly despite its large size. Enjoy your stay.	
Nov 21 2004	Just so-so you can do better elsewhere!	This is mainly a business/convention hotel. Lots of convention rooms here and hordes of people in suits. Cavernous feel, no personal attention, and smaller-than-average rooms (only 275 sq ft - yikes!). Also, many of the halls have stained carpets. On the plus side, it's close to the Bell Center and the Ste Catherine shopping street, but it's much further from Old Montreal than other hotels. So I do not like the location, except it's good for IBM because it's right across the street when I go there for work. Nevertheless, I never stay at this hotel anymore when I travel for work, despite the convenience of it being across the street from IBM, because there are so many other better hotels I've stayed in. Instead try one of the boutique hotels in Old Montreal, or if you want a big downtown hotel, I believe that the Chateau Champlain and the Fairmont are better choices than this Sheraton. I think the chateau has a slightly better rate usually too. I will stay here if my other preferred choices are not available. I pay $120/night at the Sheraton. For that price it's okay.	
Nov 4 2004	Very close to perfect	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights at the beginning of November 2004. This hotel is really really good. At check in they were very friendly and efficient. My room was on the 29th floor and was tastefully decorated and large, with an amazing looking king bed that was extremely comfy. The movie entertainment was second to none (you can pause movies or go back to them later if you want to), the high speed internet access faultless, there is a very comfortable chair and footstool, and the bathroom is spacious too. I had room service twice which was totally excellent in every way and breakfast in the 3rd floor restaurant was delicious with loads of fresh fruit/pastries/muffins and a bar where they cook your omelette/eggs etc to order. The room had a robe too. For a four star hotel it fulfills every criteria and more. It would almost rate as five star except that the ceiling in the rooms and some of the upper walls have a very rough knobbly finish which remind you that basically its a concrete shell with plaster and decor, and maybe the toiletries could be more luxurious (pantene proV) and the minibar selection better (more chocolate!!).	
Nov 1 2004 	Superb service great location	The location of Le Centre Sheraton is great - walking distance to lots of restaurants, one block to St. Catherine Street (where there's lots of shopping and food), and two blocks to the Metro. And if you're feeling adventurous, Old Montreal is about a 30-minute walk. Besides the great location, the service provided by the staff was superb. Everyone I came in contact with, from housekeepers and catering staff to the front desk staff and concierge were incredibly friendly and efficient. And the Sweet Sleeper beds with down duvets are very comfy! A tip: Request a corner room. This will give you more bathroom space and an extra window for a panoramic view. And be sure to have breakfast at Chez Cora on Stanley Street (2 blocks away). The menu is full of fresh fruit and enormous crepes.	
Oct 16 2004	Loved it	This is definately the best hotel Ive stayed at. I stayed there twice last November, and it was definately worth the extra money. The club level rooms have a little more amenities (we were in 3309 on the 1st stay) however the standard room we stayed in on our second stay (2216) had a similar bed.I also enjoyed the Parrot 'Cecile' that is near the pool.	
Sep 24 2004	Tres Bien!! C'est un hotel fantastique!!	Visited Montreal again this summer for the second year in a row. Stayed in the Queen Elizabeth last summer and was planning on staying there again this year. However, I found a better rate at the Sheraton and stayed there from August 8th to 13th.The Sheraton opened in the mid 80's. As such, it does has a modern feel to it rather than a historic feel. Service at this hotel was prompt, professional, friendly and attentive. Upon arrival, I was met promptly and my luggage was taken care of. Check-in was uneventful, though it look a little longer than expected.The room was great. Relatively spacious and very bright as I had a corner room. The only complaint I would have is that the coffee maker is in the bathroom next to the sink; it made things a little crowded. The Sheraton sleeper bed was awesome. Comfy and large with lots of pillows. After a day of exploring Montreal, it was nice to come back to such a wonderful bed.Location is great. You are across the street from the Bell Centre, two blocks from the restaurants and nightlife of Crescent St. and St. Catherine St. is a block or so away. Plus, one of Montreal's best steakhouses, Le Queue de Cheval is steps from the hotel. Too bad the hotel is not connected to the Montreal underground.If you are a sports fan, you will like this hotel as many of the teams stay here when in Montreal for games. During my stay, the Toronto Argonauts of the CFL were also staying at the Sheraton.	
Sep 20 2004	This Hotel Made Our Trip	Some friends and I went to Montreal for a concert at the Centre Bell. We didn't know our way around Montreal what-so-ever, so we wanted a hotel with a good location, so we could easily find everything we needed. This hotel was perfect. I have nothing bad to say about it. It was maybe a 2 minutes walk, if not less, from the Bell Centre. Depending on which door of the hotel you come out of, shopping on St.Catherines St. was right around the corner. Great stores I must add. The lobby was so nice, as well as the staff. Our room was a really good size, but smaller then I expected from what the pictures on the website showed. But it was still more than enough room. The bathroom was clean and big. There was a safe that let us pick our own keycode. The beds were the most comfortable I've ever had in a hotel, and there were maybe 10+ pillows that came with it. Again, I can't say 1 bad thing about this hotel. I would definately go back there in a second, and would recommend it to anyone going to Montreal for the first time, and who doesn't know their way around very well. Oh, and it's also VERY close to the train station underneath the Queen Elizabeth Hotel, which is how we got home. We went in April, and the weekend we went there just happened to be a blistering cold snow storm, so it was nice not having to walk long distances. Have fun at this hotel!!	
Aug 25 2004	Wonderful Hotel	We booked thru HotWire for a rate of $87.00!!!! It was a steal and the staff was so wonderful they gave us an upgraded room. This hotel has the nicest pool and my two year old was in love with Cecile (their exotic bird by the pool)!! Definitely worth your money and very classy and child friendly!	
Aug 24 2004	Pass up the LeCentre Sheraton Montreal	While the hotel was close to various attractions, the club floor room in which I stayed was lacking in atmosphere. Also, when I checked in, I had to call front desk because the room had items left in it from previous guests.Overall cleanliness of room was lacking. I stayed in the Sheraton in Niagra Falls, Canada in 2002 and that hotel was excellent in comparison to this hotel. Would not stay at this hotel again.l	
Aug 22 2004	Great Stay	Great price, near all the hot spots... Couldn't ask for anything better from a Sheraton. We have stayed in a Sheraton several times recently, and their great investment in new beds has us returning time and time again.	
Aug 3 2004	Excellent rate for a 4-star Sheraton	Stayed in the Sheraton on July 3, 2004. A great hotel with excellent view and the CAA/AAA rate of $129 with a free disposable camera &amp; an entertaining JAZZ CD was absolutely amazing. If you are an Aeroplan miles collector, sign up for the bonus 6000 miles promotion. Join Starwood Preferred Guest program &amp; pay by American Express to get more bonus points. Valet parking was $18 but the service was incredible.	
Jul 5 2004 	Always stay here!		
Mar 9 2004	The View? Cheers! The Staff? Jeers!		
Jan 12 2004	wonderful stay		
Dec 26 2003	Great !		
Nov 11 2003	Couldn't have asked for a better!		
Sep 8 2003	In the Center of it all!		
Aug 19 2003	Great hotel room and location		
Mar 26 2003	Stay Away From This One		
Oct 19 2002	Loved the atmosphere and location		
Jul 2 2002	renovated rooms		
Nov 3 2009 	Un Sheraton jamás se olvida.		
Aug 25 2009 	Nahe Downtown guter Sevice bequeme Betten		
Jun 1 2009 	Super Blick vom Zimmer		
Nov 16 2008 	Sans plus ni moins		
Oct 7 2008 	tres propre		
Mar 1 2008 	Bien pero nunca regresaria		
