	Great location but that's pretty much it	Right in the middle of downtown, next to a metro station, I couldn't ask for a better location. However the room was nothing special. We had a king bed with pull out couch suite (with a small kitchen). There was nothing blatantly wrong, but it was the little things that showed that this hotel is not a luxury one. The appliances were dated but worked fine. The bathroom was tiny and in need of an update. There were a few little holes in our bedsheets. One power outlet was not working. The list goes on, but none of those things really had an impact on our stay. We did not have to deal with the staff much so I can't comment on their helpfulness.It's a convenient place in a great location for a good price. It worked for us, but don't stay there if you expect luxury	
Nov 25 2009 	Great location but rooms were just ok	The hotel is right in the middle of everything, we could walk everywhere. Staff were not too helpful. The rooms were not nice at all. I would rather pay more and stay at Sofitel across the street. No parking for SUVs.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great location. Great value.	We booked on line and had an excellent rate. Room on the 17th floor was very nice, clean and comfortable. Staff was very helpful when I asked them. Location is ideal for metro and McGill. Evening coffee drinks on the mezzanine were very expensive, next time I will skip the drinks. Ice only available on the 27th floor! Quiet off season. Excellent value for the on line rate. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 10 2009 	Good Value and Great Location	I stayed at Le Cantlie for 4 days, during a solo visit to Montreal in early November. At check-in, I was given a two-bed room, when my reservation specifically called for one-bed-with-seating-area. The clerk tried to tell me my reservation said otherwise, but she rectified the situation. The studio room was very good for a single person or a couple who share a bed. The seating area is very nice. The kitchenette is built into the wall, like a closet, but it is adequate and has silverware, plates, cups, etc. Staff were a bit stand-offish, but they answered my questions and were helpful when asked. The best part is the location, at the corner of Sherbrooke and Peel, and right near the Peel metro station. The decor is a bit dated, but the place is very clean. My only real complaint was that on the one night I ordered room service, I though the quality of the meal was very poor. You're better off to go around the corner to L'Entrecote St. Jean for steak frites. This is a good value hotel, but not a luxury resort by any means.	
Nov 7 2009 	$22/Day for parking - $5/Day for Wifi	Forget this place!They charge $22 a day for parking (average rate in montreal is $14). Then they charge $5 a day to connect to their Wifi service (average rate in montreal is FREE).	
Nov 3 2009 	Unimpressed	My husband and I stayed at the Cantlie for 1 night. We had read the reviews and thought we'd take a chance. The rooms aren't too bad. However do not stay at the Cantlie for a good night sleep. The hotel is very noisy with traffic noise. Several groups of people coming and going from 2400-0230 in the morning making lots of noise. (These were adult groups). The at 2 am a women starting knocking on our door and for a good 20 minutes before finally going next door and doing the same thing.Parking is valet and very expensive. The staff at the front desk aren't willing to listen if you are reporting negative feedback and become very defensive. Would not stay here again.	
Oct 28 2009 	Decent Hotel Nice Location	I stayed here with a group of friends in August. It was good for a weekend. It is a convenient downtown location. The rooms were pretty big and the beds comfortable. Nothing particularly fancy. They all had a mini kitchen, which was nice to have a fridge, thought the stove looked 50 years old.We didn't use the rooftop pool, but I can tell you it is tiny, though there is a nice view from up there.My one big complaint is the keys are not cards, but are actual keys. I'd rather simply have the standard card swipe. Additionally, they only gave us 2 keys per room and wanted us to pay extra for more keys - yet when I booked the room I paid extra for the 3rd and 4th guest per room. I don't see why this isn't included.All and all, fine for a weekend for friends for a hotel we didn't spend much time in, but nothing particularly special.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Hotel in Amazing location	The location can't be beat - right across McGill University on the corner of Sherbrooke and Peel. Walking distance from the best shops, restaurants and theaters. I was told that it is a family run Hotel and not ones of those impersonal big chains so lots of time and effort is spent on the little things that make the difference. We are originally from Montreal and come to visit quite regularly. This was the first time that we stayed at this Hotel but this definitely will not be the last - for the $ it can not be beat and easily competes or even beats the Marriots and the Deltas that we usually stayed at. We had many relatives and friends to visit all over the city so we needed to access out car a few times a day. I liked the valet parking which was a very reasonably priced - they only charged us per the day not for the actual valet service which we used a few times a day.. We were six people in all. My sister in-law and her husband stayed in suite 2304 - this was a studio with a small kitchenette, queen bed and living room sitting area overlooking Mont Royal park. This was a very nice room decorated in a french provincial style. My husband and I, and our 2 kids (6 &amp; 10) stayed in apartment 2401 overlooking down town. Our apartment was amazing - decorated in a modern fresh style. Full kitchen, dinning room, living room and separate bedroom with 2 queen beds. The beds were great - soft down pillows, and down duvets with luxury linen. There were two flat screen TVs. The living room had leather couches. The place was extremely spacious. We even got big fluffy bath robes - that was great. We used the pool on the roof top once and it had a great view and was refreshing on a hot summer day. Our breakfast was included - and it was served on the second floor dinning hall overlooking fashionable Sherbrooke. Very elegant - and the coffee was great.  Overall an excellent place to stay - we will be back. LS	
Oct 10 2009	Terrible service decent hotel	The front desk staff were very short with customers, the manager sat in the back room while lines grew in the lobby, and the staff took two days to bring second key to the room though they were asked several times. When approached about this they were abrasive, and took poorly to criticism. Also to note: pool is seasonal.	
Oct 2 2009 	Excellent Accommodations	We recently stayed at this hotel for three days/two nights. We chose this hotel through a Travelzoo promotion - great rate with a full breakfast included. Our room on the 22nd floor was clean, spacious and comfortable. The location was perfect as we didn't have a car and we walked to everything we wanted to see. Our standards are high and Le Cantlie Suites Hotel easily met them!	
Oct 1 2009 	Good experience!	My boyfriend and I booked a room Le Cantlie Suites and then read the reviews here afterwards so we were really unsure what to expect... It turned out to be a good experience despite some of the negative reviews!About the hotel in general…The location of the hotel is great! It is right within walking distance of some awesome restaurants, shopping and nightlife, and it’s a short cab ride away to pretty much anywhere you want to go in Montreal.The hotel itself is clearly a bit older… the décor outside and in is begging for an update throughout (except for the Mezz) but it’s really not a big deal. Everything is presentable, clean and functional and you can’t really complain about that! The room was old fashioned and had mostly very dated furnishings, but again, it was clean and presentable. There are 3 very small elevators in the hotel… my boyfriend and I and our two suitcases were just about all that was going to fit in one of them. If you have a large family, be prepared for two trips or going up in separate elevators!We tried to go to the rooftop pool but the glass door was locked (probably because it was too cold for swimming) so I can’t comment too much on how it was up there. From what I could see, the pool looked dated, but still nice.Parking in the garage and checking in were a breeze and the front desk staff was pleasant and extremely helpful. They gave us good directions, maps and recommendations all during our stay. Again, the staff at this hotel is very good! Our only staff complaint was the bartender at the Mezz bar… he was very young and clearly inexperienced, rude, and charged me double for the one and only drink that I ordered, and gave me an attitude when I tried to calmly explain the mistake to him. Otherwise, the Mezz had a cozy feel about it and was a nice place to chat and relax when we wanted to get out of the room but not go far.About our room…We stayed for 3 nights in a small, standard suite on the 24th floor that had a king bed, flat screen TV, couch, desk and chair, ironing board, a microwave and small kitchenette with a refrigerator. We stayed in a room on the rear facing side of the building… our room overlooked the downtown area and the river… not too pretty by day but when the lights come on at night the view is very nice! The room had a very old looking deck that was inaccessible as the glass doorways to it as well as the windows were locked shut. It looked a bit dangerous and old anyway… The walls are fairly thin so you can hear a lot of dull noise from the hallways and neighboring rooms. It’s weird but there’s also a vent in the bathroom that seems to carry a lot of noise from neighboring rooms too! And we could always clearly hear when our neighbors were running their water/shower. No biggie though, nothing loud enough to really upset us during our stay.The room had excellent climate control that could be easily and quickly adjusted when we wanted it warmer or cooler. The bed was decent but the pillows were squished out and blah, and they only give you two, so be ready to ask for more! We called and asked for extras and the room staff came within 15 minutes.The kitchenette was nice to have in the room! The microwave, refrigerator and stove are very handy to have if you choose to bring food or take home your leftovers to eat later! We didn’t want to use the mismatched dishes on the shelves above the refrigerator though…The bathroom was adequate but probably needed the most repair out of all the other areas. Lots of molding/rotting in the corners, peeling cabinet fronts, etc. Even the towels had some small holes in them. But if you are willing to overlook these things, it was totally functional and just fine to use. The good news is that they give you lots of light over the mirror, shampoo/conditioner, etc, and a decent blowdryer. The water pressure from the shower was very strong too!Overall…We had a good experience at Le Cantlie Suites Hotel! If you are willing to overlook the old fashioned décor and some spots in need of updating/renovations, it is a perfectly good hotel with a great location and helpful staff for a reasonable price!	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Location	After booking this hotel through Expedia and then reading the reviews I wasn't sure what to expect upon arrival. Yes it is an older hotel but that does add some personality. The location was great as we wanted to explore! We never used a car all weekend. We walked and walked and walked. It was wonderful. Yes, the hotel is older but we never had any major problems. The rooms were a fair size and clean. It was nice to have the small kitchen. It was more like a mini apartment. The bathroom was indeed a bit dull and could of used some renovations but it wasn't dirty..just older and dim and the door wouldn't close all the way. Other then that our room was fine. The bed was very comfortable! Only thing that was a draw back is we could hear doors squeaking during the night as people were going to use their bathrooms. Overall for the location it wasn't a bad stay at all.	
Sep 8 2009 	Terrific location.	Some of the points that other people are complaining about I found charming! I guess it's all in your point of view. For instance ... yes the elevators are small, SO WHAT, it was obviously an older hotel that has been around for a while yet updated. I almost felt like I was in the set from an old Hollywood movie. Yes you had to pay for parking ... PEOPLE this is Montreal Quebec!!!! Would you be shocked to pay for parking in New York City, LA, downtown Chicago?!?! Of course not so why so shocked to pay in the big metropolitan city of Montreal? Yes they gave you an actual brass key and not a 'modern' plastic key card... SO WHAT!! Our room was on the 20th floor, it was very clean, very comfortable, nicely decorated and had an awesome view. We booked our original reservation online and got a terrific rate. We decided to extend our stay by an additional night and they weren't able to match our original rate (but only $20.00 higher) - to make up for the 'inconvenience' they gave us 3 vouchers for a full American breakfast for free ($14.00 per person = $42.00 value)! We didn't take advantage of the pool or restaurant for dinner so I can't comment on this areas. I would DEFINATELY stay here again.	
Aug 23 2009 	Pleasant Surprise	We chose the hotel based on price, but were very pleased with every aspect of the hotel. On this trip I travelled with my teen grandson. From check-in to check-out, we had the best of service in comfortable well-equipped suite. The location was ideal.	
Aug 18 2009 	Everything is old and Not worth the $$	We booked this room through hotels.com for $129 a night, thinking we were getting the deal of our lives in this hotel. We got there and there is no one at fron to take care of your luggage, which for us is ok, but the front street was packed, so I went inside and ask where can park and a lady told me to go to the back of the building, when i got to back there was already 6 cars lined up to enter the parking.We managed to get out 6 mth old out of the car with 3 pieces of lugagge in a 5x5 elevator (dont ask how).After we checked in and received our Key (no Card Key in this hotel, but a real key), we got to the 23rd floor where we stayed and the room looked like a room from a 1970 movie, everything is OLD ( i mean really old), $22 for parking/day, $5 internet/day. Continental breakfast is $13!!!! Pool is NASTY!! You can see a black dirty line around the pool! Stove is from the 60's (no lie!)I can say one good thing about this hotel, maybe 2: the bed was really comfortable and the view is really nice.My wife didnt want to take her shoes off, the rug looked really dirty. Sheets had holes and weared off.... same with the towels, they had holes from the over use.We tried to leave the same day after seeing all this.... we want it to run to a holiday inn or a courtyard that is actually the same price or less! But front desk told us we couldnt leave since we book for 2 days and they were going to charge us the full amount for the stay.So basically, i would never recommend this hotel to anybody because of the price, the way the hotel looks. This hotel needs a major renovation!Just to give you an idea, if you want to take a shower you will need to bring a lamp, because the bathroom only has a 50W bulb.... im not kidding and the shower tub was only a metal piece.We stayed in what they call an Executive Suite.I hope this review helps...	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent hotel	The Cantlie is a good hotel but the food from the Mezz BAr (wich does the room service also) is not very good. All the food there is frozen and not fresh. I do not recommend the Mezz Bar. You better go est somewhere else downtown. The good thing is that is a clean hotel and the service is excellent and it's very well located.	
Aug 5 2009 	Hotel Good; Parking Bad	We booked a one bedroom suite which ended up being on the 23rd floor with good city views. The room was huge and very comfortable for the family although the bathroom may have been somewhat disproportionately small - but not an issue with us. Clean and tastefully decorated with modern amenities such as two flat screen TV's. Beds were super comfortable. Staff were courteous and helpful. Housekeeping did a fine job. Noise level at a minimum. We're very self-sufficient so having access to the luggage cart as needed was a plus. The hotel is strategically located on Sherbrooke Str (which is the scenic route to Quebec City about four hours east) and Peel. Walking distance to Mt Royal and Old Town. At no time during our four night stay did they have an available parking spot for us so I had to keep the car at one of the public lots a short distance away...not too major a hassle though. What was annoying was having to pay for parking at every freaking stop in Montreal...walking or public transpo is probably the better option.	
Aug 4 2009 	be aware	we booked for 519.00 stay over 3 nights thinking we would treat ourselves to something nice only to be forced to pay 785.00 upfront including a booking fee. you would think with the price they charge there would be a few perks. the pool is in need of a water change. there is one over priced restaurant in the lobby and the idea of ordering pizza was shut down when they refused entry to the pizza guy. two of the outlets in our room did not work. 25 per day for parking. 5 per day for internet access. the bed was not made when we arrived at 5 30 pm. the shower lights are not water proof they are the same as in the hallways. the paint on the ceiling is peeling from moisture. the water temp in shower changes often. out dated fixtures are the problem. i am surprised they do not count the number of toilet paper squares and charge for that. nice matresses though	
Aug 4 2009 	Great Hotel Highly Recomended	I find that the reviews for this hotel were highly misleading. I went in with very low expectations and I was pleasantly surprised to find that the suites are clean and huge with two flat TVs, one for the sitting area and one for the bedroom.The staff was friendly and very helpful. There was always someone available to answer any questions we had and provided extra advice. The cleaning staff provided us with extra towels and extra coffe whenever we asked.The pool on the rooftop was clean and the hotel provided extra towels for the pool. The view from the 28th floor , where the pool is located was amazing.	
Aug 2 2009 	A good hotel	We booked for three nights in July, but were a bit concerned after reading some of the comments on this site. That being said, our expectations were low. However, we were pleasantly surprised - check in and out were speedy, the room was lovely - newly decorated, clean and quiet. The kitchenette was very basic, but adequate for preparing light breakfasts at least. The location was great - we could walk to good restaurants, shopping, and the metro. The kids loved the roof top pool and made good use of it in the warm weather. Our only issue was that the kitchen sink was plugged when we arrived (quickly fixed) and then the bathroom sink became clogged. However, these were minor issues compared to the overall experience, and we would definitely return when visiting Montreal in the future.	
Aug 1 2009 	Nice hotel central area friendly staff	I have spent one week at this hotel. The room was nicely made up and clean. Loved the kitchen, but I had to ask the maid for coffee twice, she simply forgot. Room service was pretty late, around 2:30 pm so I could not have a nice lunch there at noon, but that was no big deal. Bathroom, bedsheets impeccably clean, no noise from anywhere whatsoever (20th floor). The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Internet access is $5 + tax a day and it was extremely slow, but I needed it. There is a nice swimming pool on the roof top. I booked with Flightcentre and paid about $104 + tax for two queen beds, they had no single room available. I have seen other rooms were nicer, but I guess they were more expensive. What I found strange was that they did not put the bed covers on the bed, it would have been a lot nicer and I have seen in other rooms they did.... Why was I treated differently, I don't know. Door lock is tricky. Works the other way and they give you two keys, and there is two locks on the door, but the second key is for the swimming pool, fitness room and laundry. But because the key opened the door left instead of what we are used to, right, you assume it is still locked and try to open the other lock with the wrong key.... Awkward. Laundry room is very convenient. Right around the corner you can rent public bicycles which is very convenient to get around and you can leave it at any bike station. But there is no grocery store in the area, so you have a kitchen but you have to carry the food a long way before you learn how to use the subway.All in all it was a GOOD experience.	
Jul 28 2009 	Good for family travel	We decided to stay at this hotel because we were traveling with a 9 month old and wanted to have a fridge and microwave where we could easily prepare her food. Although they had a few utensils and dish soap (tea towel provided was stained), I would recommend that you bring your own stuff from home. The kitchenette was very sufficient for us and completely met our needs. The room itself was clean. Rug vacuumed, clean sheets, decent clean towels, however when we went out Sunday morning and returned at 2:30 pm for baby's nap, house keeping had not arrived yet...The location was fabulous! It was less then a 10 minute walk to shopping, restaurants, pubs, etc...Metro was right around the corner. Also we decided to park on the street (on Stanley), instead of at the hotel. It was free after 6pm and we were able park there all weekend! We had to remove the car Monday morning, before 7am. So we then parked at meter parking. Total cost for our parking 6 bucks!!!The staff was friendly, always greeting us when we arrived and left but I received some seriously inconvenient info about the Metro. I was told to take the metro instead of the bus to my destination and was assured that the stations can accommodate strollers but they can't. I had some super friendly Montrealers help carry my stroller up and down flights of stairs because there were no elevators/escalators. A few last things, American breakfast was included in our package and it was just ok. I would NOT recommend that someone pay for this breakfast. It is pricey and you are better off going elsewhere. Someone had posted a review here regarding room doors that jam and it was so true. We had to kick the door EVERYTIME to open it because it was always stuck! We didn't find the elevators too slow but they were soooo small. That we had to pass up several elevators cause we couldn't fit the stroller in there with others.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good Sized Rooms Rooftop Pool	Came up to Montreal (great city) with some buddies for a bachelor party. Since we were a big group, staying in suites made sense. The best parts of the hotel are the large rooms (true 2-room suites) and the rooftop pool. The cons are numerous. The hotel is clearly dated and hasn't been renovated recently. The lobby is small and the decor is pretty generic and tired. There are not enough elevators (3) for a 28 story tower, you will wait up to 5 mins for an elevator at night when people are going to dinner and on sunday during check out. The elevators and the guestroom hallways look like they haven't been refreshed in years and the hallways are this really ugly dark green and wood motif, like a british hunting lodge, but really tacky. The rooms also don't have much (or any) style and the bathrooms are tiny with old style facuets and fixtures. The door locks are actual keys (so not easy to slip into your wallet). I think there may have been a kitchenette in the room behind a closet door, but I didn't notice. The hotel has some unnamed mezanin restaurant above the lobby that serves an expensive breakfast and drinks at night. Had a few beers and appetizers there. Nothing particularly special. The rooftop pool was a nice amenity to have, but also could be fixed up. Looked a little run down. Service during sunday check-out was dreadful. Very slow and the staff was totally overwhelmed. Worked for us, but not particularly recomendable.	
Jul 20 2009 	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER	To begin, the hotel itself is not too bad for the price. However, the beyond terrible staff does not make the stay at all enjoyable. The walls of the place are so thin that playing music caused us to get two noise complaints (and we were NOT playing our music loud at all). My major complaint was not so much that but what happened at the end of our trip. I had bought an iPod dock in order to be able to listen to music in the room. I set it up on the desk in the room and left the box with all the accessories (ie. the remote, the battery, the manual, etc.) on the ground. The next day after the maid service cleaned our room, I noticed that the box with the accessories were missing. My boyfriend called downstairs where they did not care at all that something was missing and they simply told us to leave a message with housekeeping which we did. Not only did housekeeping never call back but the next day we went down to check out and I told another gentleman what happened and again got the &quot;I-could-care-less&quot; attitude. He told me he would check with the housekeeping supervisor so we took a seat and waited half an hour to hear back from him but unknown to us he had left and taken his lunch break. We finally decided to complain to somebody else who happened to be the supervisor, Sam. He was by far the most rude and ignorant person I've ever met. He told me it was impossible and went on to imply that we were liars. Furthermore, our issue was not solved and I am not out $80 for my product which cannot be used without the accessories. Sam also proceeded to threaten us by saying that he would charge us for an extra day if we did not pay for parking which I was refusing to do until somebody took me seriously and solved my problem. Finally, a girl came over and tried to help us but was told that &quot;we were taken care of&quot; already by Sam. I have never felt so angry and violated in all my life. How is it possible that a hotel can take something of yours, throw it out, and feel as though they should not be held accoutable or that they should not have to reimburse you? They staff at this hotel are just completely disgusting and it left the most sour taste in my mouth. I will NEVER stay at Le Cantlie Suites again and I suggest you do not either if you wish to leave with all you came with.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great value location	Location excellent, right downtown. Room spacious - 2 queen beds- small kitchen.Local phone calls $1 - internet charges extra - PASSED- used cell phone.SUV PARKING - problematic in hotel. Limited spaces - very annoying to keep checking with front desk. Could be better organized in that area. [Valet parking is common other than street and lot parking in downtown area]Overnight VALET Parking nearby - $17.00- 2nd parking lot on STANLEY below DeMaisoneuve - best bet. Otherwise valet parking across Peel st. for 25.00 day. Limited in and out priveledges. Verify Off site parking hours of operation in case you are returning late evening.	
Jul 15 2009 	Better than I expected for the price	I'm originally from Montreal and have stayed at dozens of hotels in Montreal. I could not find another hotel with a reasonable rate so decided to try this one.Friends in Montreal provided a bit of history on this hotel. It was originally an apartment building that was converted years ago into this hotel. Originally each floor had 4 apartments... but now each floor offers 12 rooms of different sizes.I booked the king executive suite directly online with the hotel website. I requested a quiet room on an upper floor. I arrived late evening on June 4th for 4 nights. Having a rental car from the airport I called ahead to check on parking availablity which was conveniently easy to access directly under the hotel with elevator access to the lobby. (Valet parking $22 $CAD per day with in out prevleges - no self park available) Check in was quick and I was assigned my room on the 19th floor. The room was OK... the furniture is a bit outdated. The air conditioning was not functioning properly and unfortunately every window, including the balcony door were screwed shut so no fresh air. I will say that the bed was one of the most comfortable I've slept in and the linens were excellent. The bathroom is tiny but the shower had one of the best water pressures I've experienced. Montreal must not have any water shortage problems. There is wireless Internet available throughtout the hotel ($5 $CAD per day) but no wired access. The wireless connection is poor at best... but for $5.00 acceptable.Next morning prior to leaving for the day I called the front desk to ask about the air conditioning problem and ask about opening the windows for fresh air. I was informed that all windows and balcony doors were sealed shut for security reasons. I questioned that policy indicating that I was an adult only in the room and had no concerns about falling through the window. I was told that they would send someone up to fix the air conditioning. I arrived back late that evening an the room was still hot with no air. I called the front desk and they sent a maintenance man up (who is on call 24/7) to look at the air unit. A very friendly gentleman arrived who reset the air unit and waited until it started working (about 10 minutes). I asked about the locked windows and expressed my disappointment about not being able to get any fresh air. After a couple minutes of chatting he said he might be able to help me and unlock one of the windows... which he did. The difference was amazing. I was seriously considering finding another hotel for the last 2 nights until the window was opened. The management of this property should seriously consider finding some way to put security locks on the windows and doors that their guests can choose to open themselves. I understand the concern for small children but I think adults can make adult choices. The kitchenette had very outdated stuff. A couple forks, a knife, a sad looking small pot and equally pan. An old toaster and microwave. Hard to tell if any of it was actually clean - I would not use any of it.. rather pointless to even be there.I've seen past reviews that they don't clean the rooms properly, or replace towels... I will say that they cleaned the room every day with new sheets on the bed and fresh towels in the bathroom.In future I will stay at this property again - but will need to bring a pair of plyers to remove the screw locking the windows.This property is in an excellent location with easy walking to everything from fantastic restaurants to great shopping. The Montreal Museum of Fine Art is across the street. The staff were all polite and friendly and the room was nice and quiet. There is a swimming pool on the roof with great views.All in all I was pleasantly surprised... but must stress only after the window was unlocked.	
Jul 15 2009 	OK place to stay for the price	The hotel itself was ok. The pluses:Pool on the roofRooms were ok if a bit dated.location was great, very close to MetroNegatives:Parking was awful. They didn't post the overnight rates. The $15 rate listed on the entrance sign to the garage as &quot;maximum&quot; was not in fact the maximum. The overnight rate not listed at all is $25. The attendants were also extremely unpleasant; even my young children noted how unpleasant they were. (and they have grown up in NYC so that is saying something).The staff was unhelpful as best. As as an example, I tried to access the wireless internet and a screen indicated i needed a password. I noticed nothing in the room or in my check-in materials speaking to the process for signing in. I called to the front desk and they said I had to come downstairs to get a password for $5. Went to the front desk assuming they wanted the payment in cash because they said I needed to come to the desk. I asked the girl at the desk for password which she proceeded to write down. I handed her the money and she informed me the would bill my room. I inquired as to why I had to come down she just shrugged her shoulders. Finally the elevators are excruciatingly slow.	
Jul 14 2009 	The worst hotel known to man	So there are a whole bunch of us girls, we get to the executive suite and its decent. Not that bad, Until we try to use the sink and it clogs. Then we try to use the electrical outlets and they dont work. There are two rooms, seperated by french doors, one room is really HOT and the other room is FREEZING. The worst part was friday night. We all came home from a night out and ordered Pizza, thank god. Because at 5 am the ceiling started leaking from the light socket. We find this in not ONE place, but TWO places. We called downstairs when we saw the first one, than they were so slow in coming up we had to call again to tell them about the second one. Three men come check it out and look at it for a second and leave. We pack up all of our stuff and take it into the hall way beacuse it looks like the ceiling is about to cave in! Still no call as to where we should go, what we should do, NOTHING. So we call and tell them that we have our stuff in the hallway where are you putting us. They put us in a two bedroom suite, nice huh? NOT at all. Its a smoking room, we did not ask for that. There are two bathrooms, one of which the tub does not drain and the water pressure is so strong it will pierce your skin. So what happens when we check out? They say that it is not THEIR fault and will not do anything about it. They claimed that the room was not smoking and blamed us for smoking since it smells like smoke. They were extremely rude, the Manager that goes by the name of Sam, who apparently does not have a last name. God what else went wrong...the worst HOTEL EVER! Please please please take my recommendation and do NOT stay here!!!	
Jul 13 2009 	Decent stay good location for partying extra charges unexpected	Overall a good stay, my buddies and I (early 20's) stayed here for a weekend of partying. Great location for night clubs, restaurants, and bars/pubs. Short drive to casino Montreal. Hotel service was good and helpful. Had a kitchenette, which was nice. Few downsides were the extra charges for internet ($5 per day), parking ($22 per day!), local calls ($1 per call), and additional occupancy ($25 per night). I chose this hotel since it was right downtown and what I thought was good value for the price (3-star). After the extra charges (included at other comparable hotels) turned out to be more expensive. Otherwise wasn't much else to be upset about.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great location good value	Yes, the rooms need redecorating, but we had a comfortable stay nonetheless. The kids loved the rooftop pool, which also boasts stunning views. The staff was friendly and helpful. This isn't the Ritz (which in fact is just down the street), but the combination of low price, great location, and reasonable comfort adds up to good value.	
Jul 6 2009 	Dont make the same mistake that we did it could ruin your trip.	1. The service staff, rude, rude, rude and we were ignored on several occasions when we were at the front desk. Once the person behind the counter acted as if they were doing us a favor by helping us. They did answer the phones very quickly but they were always very curt. They are very aware of the issues with the hotel but refuse to fix them. see below.2. We were upgraded to a suite because we could not exit our room It turns out that all of their doors are wooden and swell which makes it impossible to exit during an emergency. they had to take off the door. 3. The executive suite is NO executive suite. POOR drainage in tub. very old out-dated kitchen and utensils, the t.v. remote did not work. the buttons on out-dated tv were missing. only one very small trash can in the room. They also give you a key with your room number stamped pn it and a card attached advertising the hotel. Montreal is safe, but that is crazy. Hotels stopped doing that more than a decade ago. the elevators are very small and slow. 4. The business center is NOT a business center, like everything else the computers are outdated (1990), slow and the printer was out of ink. they only ALLOW you to use it for 30 minutes, then they charge you. it takes 30 minutes to get on the computer. we had a laptop, but needed to print boarding passes. They charge 4.95 per day for wi-fi in the room. 5. Excellent location, close to subway and Saint Catherine street. 6. There are very few redeeming qualities about this hotel: it has a great location, large rooms and comfortable beds. But for the price and personal safety and comfort, i am sure i can find it at another hotel in montreal. karl_news@yahoo.com	
Jul 6 2009 	A disgruntled customer	I have been staying at the Cantlie Hotel for several years but my last trip was made very unpleasant by the lack of professionalism of their managers. For security reasons I often use a Travelex VISA card which bears no name and is limited to the amount loaded on i.e. It is plastic money, not credit. Upon presentation of the card I was told the Hotel's policy was not to accept cards which do not show the bearer's name, that it was probably &quot;cloned&quot; and that the Hotel &quot;had been caught before&quot;; all of this while 50 other guests looked on. All the manager had to do was to call VISA for the bearer's name and to confirm my identity with secure photo IDs, of which I have several. I am in my sixties and was humiliated in public for no valid reason and do not intent to patronized this establishment in the future. Furthermore the service has deteriorated to the point where dishes in the suite's kitchen were not washed (just rinsed), the rubber bath mats suddenly disappeared (a safety concern), the Wireless internet connection was inoperative and the hotel management was arrogant and I regret to say, in this instance, incompetent.	
Jul 5 2009 	Bad customer service	Had to wait around 15 minutes before the employee gave us our key as he was going back and forth with us and the phone. What has really frustrated me is that the next day in the morning when I asked for a Montreal map I had to request it at least 3 times before he hand me over the map.	
Jul 1 2009 	Was our room still on renovation list?	Room 805 - The room was not great, everything in it looked adequate. The kitchen was poorly stocked, . There was one pan, the two forks they did provide were bent out of shape, there was no icebucket, no corkscrew... the whole thing looked ancient... When we did ask for an icebucket they gave us one that leaked. the bathroom was small with no fan. The water pressure was poor. You have to pay an $22 extra a night for parking. You have to pay to have internet access. They provide the use of two computers which are also ancient and very very slow. Like come on people get with the times. The pool area looked quite nice although did not use it. The dining area also looked nice. Would not stay there again...by the time we added up the price per night with taxes and service fees and with parking included. It was approximately $160 per night even though the price initially advertised was $116.	
Jun 29 2009 	Fantastic Stay	Hi after booking this hotel through (expedia) I thought i would read the reviews on this hotel, after reading a few bad reviews I deciced to cancel through Expedia ..big mistake. no refundfirst and last time i'll be using Expedia.kids needed the pool so what the hell. After arriving to the hotel , the kids and I found the room up to our standards , the small kitchette was older everything was spotless, the washroom didn't have a fan big deal. the service was quick, the staff was very friendly ,the air quality was a big plus .Honestly for staying in about 25 different hotels in Montreal . from 5 stars to 1 this for the price was the best so far. tip. call the hotel before booking through anybody alot cheaper...	
Jun 26 2009 	Great Location..... that's all I can say..	We stayed in a suite for 2 nights. The only positive is its location and that's all we found.Upon check-in, we were required to sign &quot;No Noise/Party Policy after 11PM&quot;, but the hotel has loud music blasting in its ground floor club until 2AM. All furnishings and fixtures are really old. You can find cracks and chips everywhere. There is no ventillation in the bathroom. The kitchen appliances are so old that we did not even wish to touch it. The matress is old and sunken in the middle. The carpet is old, unclean and feels filthy. We just could not feel comfortable knowing the hotel hasn't been updated for over 15 years. The suite has almost everything, but it's so old that you don't want to touch anything.The hotel does have parking and wireless internet (very weak signal) for additional charges.A separate elevator to the garage would only fit 4 people max without luggage. There are so many hotels in the same neighborhood for the price range. I would not recommend this to anyone.	
Jun 6 2009 	Loved Le Cantlie Suites	Upon arrival, we were given &quot;a panoramic view&quot; room which overlooked the city all the way to the St. Lawrence river. The room had a kitchenette and a bedroom seperated by French doors. The room size was adequate, though the kitchenette was small and not well-stocked. The king size bed was extremely comfortable - the best of our 3 week trip. Only complaint was noisy neighbors, slamming doors, fighting, yelling, etc. Not the hotel's fault at all. All staff members were friendly and accommodating. The location was superb, right in the heart of Montreal - lots of shopping, restaurants, museums and sightseeing. Parking was 22/day CAD with in/out privileges, not outrageous for a large city. There was a rooftop pool, but it wasn't yet open for the season. Would recommend without hesitation and would certainly stay there again.	
May 29 2009	If it's good enough for the Ritz it's good enough for me	Although a bit far to walk to Vieux Montreal other hotels nearby include the Ritz, Sofitel and Omni hotels. Shopping is just around the corner and although I didn't get to check them out the hotel is in the museums quarter and a few moments from McGill university. The metro is also just around the corner.There were three groups of us staying in three different suites and only one of them turned out to be really tiny. However, I can't comment whether it was the same price...Staff could be a little more friendlier but over-all they seem to do a good job. The rooftop pool is also a pleasant surprise and over-all I would rate this hotel positively.	
May 27 2009	Great location Friendly Staff	I had booked a package which included lodging at Le Cantlie Suites. To be honest, as it was part of a package, I did not have high (or even moderate) expectations. I was very pleasantly surprised upon arrival. The hotel is located very centrally in Montreal. Rue St. Catherine, Rue Peel, Rue Bishop are all very walkable. Even in the cold weather. Even better, the hotel is not noisy despite its location. Sleeping should not be a problem. ATMs were also situated a few doors down. The hotel staff are extremely friendly and knowledgeable. Questions are answered politely and easily, they know what they are talking about. Express the slightest concern of a destination's whereabouts and they are happy to provide you with a personalized map and directions. The rooms are clean and comfortable. Also quite spacious. Ours, Room 1000, was equipped with a gleaming bathroom, a kitchenette (mini-fridge, coffeemaker, sink, counter, microwave), a desk, closet, TV armoire and two queen-size beds. We did have some trouble maintaining a constant temperature in the shower, it varied between hot and cold without warning. But that was our only complaint.Tip: In the winter, there is an ice bar adjacent to the hotel. Good for, at the least, some interesting photo ops!	
May 20 2009 	Great Price and Great Location	Just back from a May 16th weekend. No issues what so ever. I have stayed here about 10 times and you get good value for your dollar. I stayed at the Loews, 2 weeks prior , and can't justify the extra money..My only complaint, is I wish the balconies were accessable. They are locked and you can't open them.Otherwise, clean, big rooms, nice beds and good location.	
May 19 2009 	Very Enjoyable Stay	The room is very clean, spacious, and the bed and sheets are so comfortable. We usually don't mind so-so budget-priced rooms as long as it's clean, but we got a great deal for the room and this hotel is a great value. Yes, the TV is a small CRT, but we didn't care. The kitchenette came in handy because we were both under the weather and we were able to make soup. Location is close to the Peel metro. We parked our car in a garage (cheaper than the hotel one) for three days and didn't need to use it until checked out and left the city. No noise problem. The staff are very nice and helpful at the front desk.	
May 6 2009 	Some reviews are true others are not. Judge for yourself.	I read alot of reviews after we had booked this place online and had nightmares the week before we left. Nightmares of dirty rooms and horrible staff and wallpaper peeling off walls. BUT the hotel is very nice, and some reviews were helpful. If you drive an suv, dont expect to park at the hotel, but the parking lot you do get is right around the corner, no biggie. And.... expect that since you booked online that they &quot;overbooked&quot; and you won't get the room you want... but you did get a fantastic deal. We wanted a king suite non smoking but all they had was smoking. Okay gross... but they put this little machine in there to clear the air and everything was fine. Okay and the view... if you book directly with the hotel I'm sure you can suggest a view... the best view is the top floors at the front of the building... we were on the 4th floor at the back... great alley view if thats your thing. Bathroom was nothing fantastic, bedroom was awesome and clean, tv is outdated. Kitchette was a mini fridge, microwave, stove and it DID come with soap to clean up. Pool and rooftop must be nice int he summer, pool is seasonal and nothing spectacular (other than being ont he roof) BUT we were not in montreal to stay in the room. The hotel is a great location, we walked to Mont Royal (30 mins to the top), Old Montreal (1 hour with a few stops) and Catherine st shopping (10 mins). I highling recommend visiting the restaurents on crescent st. Try L'Academie for gourmet food and atmosphere at mcdicks prices!!! Long story short, I'd do it again!	
Apr 5 2009 	clean comfy beds friendly staff	although the rooms are old, they were was very clean. The staff was always smiling and friendly. Beds were soft and comfy, i slept like a baby. And being in the 20th floor of the hotel, we had a great view of the city. (cons: breakfast and wireless internet is not free.)	
Apr 4 2009 	Stay away from this hotel	I just wanted to say that we were charged double for one of the rooms. They never fixed their error. We were never reimbursed. I do not think they even tried. I found them dishonest.	
Mar 27 2009 	Great location and price if only ...	Great location and price, if only housekeeping were on top of things and you could actually have a bath! My teenage daughter and I stayed during March Break - it was great to have the kitchenette with microwave, empty bar fridge and basic kitchen supplies, if only housekeeping had cleaned it up daily, and emptied the garbage. And relaxing in a nice bubble bath was out of the question, as we were told &quot;None of the bathtub drain plugs work&quot;. Sporadic and unusual supply of towels didn't make up for it. Safe, good location and price, though, for exploring downtown Montreal!	
Feb 23 2009 	Excellent Value - GREAT Bedding!	Booked this hotel through TripZoo Top 20 promotions. Bottom line is that my bill came to $124.00 for one night - that included the room, taxes, valet parking, american breakfast for two, coffee service for two and a free appetizer with the purchase of two drinks! The hotel is right smack downtown in the heart of the city so you can walk to anything or take a cab for little money. The staff were extremely accomodating even when I asked to switch rooms mid-visit due to an altercation with the person who accomanied me (nothing to do with the hotel). The rooms all have a european kitchen - inside a closet, but you have a fridge, sink and range with two burners, dishes, pot and kettle. The ICE Bar in front of the hotel is very cool and great for smokers! Great photo ops too. My favourite part about this hotel was the BEDDING...pillow top mattress, great sheets (definately high thread count) and warm fluffy duvets!Amazing value!	
Feb 6 2009 	Excellent price for room and location	The Cantile location is fantastic! You are right on Sherbrooke. Few blocks from subway, McGill, underground city, and restaurants. For the price of the location you can't complain too much, The staff is very nice and helpful. Rooms are clean and lots of space. You can hear your neighbor when taking a shower (old pipes) but that was all I heard.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great Experience at a Great Price	This hotel was fabulous for the price we paid. It is located within walking distance to shopping and sights. ( a good walk to Old Montreal but my 65 year old mother had no problem!) The rooms were perfect for our girls' getaway week-end, very roomy and very clean. The staff was very friendly and had no problem speaking to us in English. We would definitely stay here again. The best Indian restaurant I have eaten at is right around the corner!	
Jan 16 2009	Good value and location. Good for families or groups	We stayed at Le Cantlie for a friend's bachelor party. The rooms were fairly large and included kitchens. It was centrally located and was a good value for the $$. I would especially recommend this hotel for groups and families, since the rooms are large. We didn't eat in the hotel, but the dining facilities did not look that big.	
Dec 3 2008 	Greatly Surprised	When we arrived at the hotel we did not know what to expect as reviews were mixed...we arrived earlier than we could check in but they took our luggage without any hesitation so that we could walk around the city with greater ease. Booking on Travelocity we were concerned that we might not get the same quality service but no one at the desk cared and everyone was polite and helpful when needed. The rooms were clean when we arrived and were cleaned every day. They gladly offered directions and suggestions about restaurants and places to go. When we checked out they took our bags once again so we could spend a few more hours in Montreal before we headed for the airport without any extra fee. We would stay at this hotel again seeing how the price was excellent just as the service was!	
Nov 26 2008 	nice place	Stayed at the Cantlie from Nov.20-25 for the Grey Cup.Rooms were fine with all amenities anyone could want.Everything worked just fine and lots of hot water which is not always the case with some hotels.Would be fine for families with kids as rooms are a little bigger than most.We never ate at the hotel as we thought prices were a little high.Beds were comfortable and bedding was changed every day.Yes there was a $1.00 charge for the phone,but not a big deal.The only thing that was a negative ,was the room rate was different than had been quoted,but after a very small discussion,they honored the rate that was quoted to me.I found all the staff that we had contact with for our stay to be very pleasant.Would stay here again if had the opportunity to visit again.	
Nov 8 2008 	Great Hotel at a great price	This review is coming late since I booked the Le Cantlie for my brother's bachelor party which was in early September. I was hesitant at first from reading some of the bad reviews but after staying here, I don't know what all of the fuss was about.The hotel was very reasonably priced. I was worried about the parking situation from the previous reviews, but I had no problem getting a minivan into the garage (we did get there on a Thursday). The staff was pleasant and very helpful. On the first day we noticed that the A/C was not working that well. We called the front desk and in a matter of minutes, their maintenance staff (it was this little old lady who was funny and spunky along with her husband) came right up and fixed the problem.The rooms are fantastic. The french doors that separate the beds from the living room/kitchenette are a really nice touch. The only thing that was missing was a flatscreen. If you end up traveling when it is warm out, the rooftop pool is also nice (only problem is that you cannot bring drinks to the pool).The greatest thing about this hotel is the location. We walked to most places on St. Catherine and St. Crescent. Although St. Laurent you are definitley better off in a cab (which is less than 10 min away but it can be 20min with traffic). I believe you can also take the subway but we did cab most of the time.Also, the hotel is located between 2 banks. I was charged by my bank a 3% conversion fee for using my ATM card. BUT one of the banks only charges a $3.00 conversion fee if you bring in cash to the teller regardless of how much you want to exchange. (you have to be there when the bank is open obviously).I did not have any problems with this hotel. If I ever go back to Montreal (which may be a long time since I did a lot of damage to my mind and body on this trip) I would definitely stay at Cantlie.	
Oct 28 2008 	Nothing Like the Picture Unfriendly Staff and No Stars	Telephone didn't work first day so room was changed and still worked intermittently, staff thought it funny. Local calls 1$ which was only advised in 1mm writing on telephone. No internet signal (but still charged). Unfriendly staff unless manager around. Room adequate but over-priced for condition of old hotel and rooms. Needed to extend stay 1 additional day but chose to leave rather than stay another night here.	
Oct 14 2008 	Luxury accomodations at budget prices	I booked a room at The Cantlie Suites based on the low room rate and was expecting budget accommodations. What a surprise to find out Cantlie is more like a luxury hotel with the biggest rooms I’ve ever seen. The views are great and the location is within walking distance from all the major downtown hot spots. I’ll definitely be staying there next time I’m in Montreal.	
Oct 12 2008 	Outstanding Value	Very pleasantly surprised by the value, comfort and service. We only paid $99/night including breakfast. The location was great - Sherbrooke near the Ritz, Sofitel and the major museums. Room was clean and comfortable although decor is out of style. Staff have provided excellent service.	
Oct 7 2008 	Clean Quiet Great Location	I booked 2 rooms for our family ( my husband, me, 3 teenagers) 4 weeks in advance using priceline. I got the Cantlie for US$90/night per room. After reading the mixed reviews on TripAdvisor, I had some trepidation about staying there. It turned out to be fine. I had requested 2 weeks in advance 2 adjoining rooms, and because I had booked on priceline, they could only try to get two rooms on the same floor. We wound up with 2 rooms right next to each other.Each room was a good size, with a fairly small bathroom and efficient kitchenette. It was quiet most of the day and night. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were clean. The decor was dated/worn, with burgandy carpets and striped wallpaper.The staff was pleasant, professional and efficient. Instead of the hotel breakfast, which was expensive/limited, I would recommend the croque matins at Houtte at Montaigne/Masonneuve or Second Cup on Ste. Catherine/Peel. Also, there were some great designer shops on Mount Royale, east of St. Denis. Beauty's Restaurant at Mount Royale/St Urbaine is great for breakfast all day. The metro is a breeze and we got our money's worth out of a $9 per person/one day pass. Westmount is fun to walk around, but be sure to bring comfortable shoes-- those hills are killer! Mc Gill University is a beautiful campus. This is a great walkable city, with very little hostile vibe.Overall, Montreal is clean, comfortable, chic and centered. People are really decent and relaxed. We felt comfortable with our 3 teenaged girls traveling alone on the metro and walking around.	
Sep 20 2008 	Loved the Cantlie!	My husband and I are in our sixties and usually visit Paris, but Montreal is closer, so . . .Many of the reviews of the Cantlie that we read seemed negative, so we were somewhat apprehensive about staying here. Surprise! - it was very clean, the beds new with pillow-topped mattresses and duvets, large fluffy towels, free newspapers at our door daily. The kitchen was larger than expected: a full-size fridge and stove, though the oven had no baking pan (bring foil if you want to heat the croissant you buy down the street at Pain Dore), toaster, coffee maker, tea kettle, tea pot , can opener and corkscrew, and 2 ice cube trays in the freezer. There was even soap to wash the dishes. The pool is on the roof, with a fantastic view . There are 3 elevators (none I would call slow). Staff spoke several languages and were very helpful, very friendly, arranged tours, told me where to find the Depanneurs (convenience stores) in the area to buy bread, cheese, eggs, milk, fruit.. They will change $$ at the desk, at a good rate. The TV is cable. Breakfast is not included in the price of the room: for $12/person you get a HUGE selection of breads, fruit, cereals, bagels, butter, cheese, jam, peanut butter, juice, tea, and the best coffee in the world. Eggs, bacon and hash browns are $2 extra. More than you can eat. The location couldn't be better: 1 block to the metro, 4 blocks to the Beaux-Arts Museum, 2 blocks to the stairs to the top of the mountain, 3 blocks to McGill University, 1 block to the Underground City - which is where we did most of our souvenir-shopping and ate lunch almost every day (most shops and food places close around 5pm, though the underground malls and corridors stay open - a great way to get around the city in bad weather!) We will definitely stay here again!!	
Aug 13 2008 	Good size rooms but full of problems	Rooms have attached fridge and basic kitchen amenities which is handy. However, air conditioning did not work, windows are sealed shut and cannot be opened. Front desk staff among the most arrogant, rude kind of people I have ever come across. They made it perfectly clear exactly how lowly they think of you for booking through sites like expedia. Obstructive and unhelpful. We specifically put in with our booking that we needed parking. When we got there the front desk just told us it was full and we can go park at some 24hr parking station. Again, their attitude was that we booked through an engine so we cannot expect much service. We checked in late afternoon and when we got to the room, it was not properly serviced. The vacuum cleaner was still there and the beds weren't tucked in. When housekeeping was asked, they apologised and promptly removed the vacuum cleaner but insisted the room has been fully serviced. The only helpful staff member was the maintenance gentleman who tried to fix the air conditioner. He could get it working for short periods of time. It really wasn't his fault that the unit probably needed a specialised service. There are many hotels in the same area, one should probably try elsewhere.	
Aug 4 2008 	Not enjoyable stay very dated hotel	This is a 3 star hotel; if you are not fussy about decor and renovated rooms it would be OK (great location). However my room was very old, poor circulation (mold in bathroom and bad smell in bedroom area). Windows are SEALED shut, no fresh air possible. Front desk staff seemed very nice but this property is in desperate need of an upgrade. Stay at the Omni or the Vogue (Loews) - the Vogue being my all time favorite. Good luck.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great location!	We stayed for two nights and the location is ideal. St Catherines and Crescent are two to three blocks away. Peel Metro is a block away. Everything was in walking distance! If you drive a minivan or SUV, you have to phone ahead to guarantee a spot in the underground parking lot. We have a minivan and did not phone ahead, so no spot for us. They recommended that we park around the corner at the Marriot (cost of $25/day). Le Cantlie charges $22/day. We ended parking a block away at Mont Royal. Total cost to leave the van there for two and half days - $33! The suite was ideal for our family of 5. However, was a little disappointed in the inventory of the suite. The suite holds maximum of 6 people; had only towels for 4; 2 dining chairs at the table; place settings for 2. Couldn't open the windows as they were painted shut. I would still come back to this hotel as the location is perfect!	
Jul 31 2008 	Roasting alive on the 26th floor with the doors and windows glued shut.	Stayed at the LeCantlie hotel for only one night (Thank goodness). I am from Vermont and so we (luckily) could come back home the next day. Upon checking in, I was informed that because I had booked online (Hotwire) they had ZERO flexibility with my reservation. They said that rooms would not be ready until 4 and that even though I was traveling with 2 other people, they only had a room with one King bed reserved for me. I did enter that there was more than one of us when I booked online. Apparently, three individuals in one bed is normal to Le Cantlie. When I asked if I could pay more to upgrade to a bigger room, I was told that despite the fact that there were &quot;many&quot; available rooms, they could not change anything (smoking vs. non-smoking, number of beds, floor I was on, etc.). They did &quot;kindly&quot; tell me that there was a sleeper sofa in the room we would be staying in. Seeing as our room was non-refundable we had little choice but to hoof it up to the 26th floor; the 26th floor of only 28 floors. There is an elevator, but it would likely fit only 6 people--it's the smallest elevator I have ever seen. If you are travelling with babies, do NOT stay here. Strollers will not fit well on the elevators. Same with wheelchairs. Upon arrival, I was disappointed with the dated decor...including worn maroon carpets and an 80's style motif. The &quot;kitchen&quot; was in a smaller than small closet. Efficient, but dated and looked like it belonged in an outdated RV. The &quot;Yardley&quot; soaps promised were M.I.A., and the &quot;sofa bed&quot; was encrusted in crumbs and lacking sheets. Of course, you would have thought they would have sent sheets up, given that they knew there were THREE of us and one bed and the sofa bed was THEIR proposed solution. Now for the worst of the worst. We were unable to get our thermostat to work properly. Being on the 26th floor in July, it was warm already, and it kept getting warmer. We went to dinner and came back full of great Montreal food. We were exhausted, and headed to bed. At 3A.M. I awoke...sweating and almost short of breath from the heat. I went to open a window...but--of course, they had GLUED all of the windows shut. This would be a good time to mention that the &quot;balcony&quot; door is also glued shut. So, while they are not fibbing when they that there IS a balcony, you cannot use it. I tried messing with the thermostat again, to no avail. Called to the front desk and they had no clue that there were even thermostats in the rooms. They offered to call a maintenance man in the morning. We woke up nice and early and walked to a local coffee shop before getting the heck out of there. Pay the extra 20 bucks online to stay at the Delta…Omni…Sheraton….anywhere but LeCantlie!!	
Jul 28 2008	quirky	We stayed three nights in executive suite 511.PROS:1. Room was beautiful: everything was in good shape.2. Mini kitchen was super clean and very useful: nice oven,  refrigerator, utensils, coffee maker.3. Rooftop terrace and pool were enjoyable.4. Location was on a nice street.5. beautiful lobby6. excellent continental breakfast located on Mezz level with view of Sherbrooke Street, friendly service7. friendly and hardworking Salvadorian maid on floor 5 - I very  much liked this young woman who took the time to talk to me. 8. close to Crescent Street activitiesCONS:1. WIFI did not work. I received a weak signal. I gave $100  deposit to borrow a WIFI antennae, but that also did not work. 2. Receptionist told me to use Business center on the 26th floor,  but it was locked.3. When my husband asked for access to the Business center,  he was told &quot;It is open&quot;, but it was locked.4. On our fourth day at the hotel, another guest told us to ask for the key to the business center. We were given a key and  allowed 30 minutes of free internet time.5. There were three bars of soap and one shampoo in the room  upon arrival. Front desk did give my husband two hand lotions when he went down to ask.6. This lovely room had NO view. We were in a valley of  skyscrapers and overlooked the parking entrance. I very much did NOT like the view.7. Parking was $22 per night, but that was the going rate in the  neighborhood.8.There was no ornate bedcover. However, the white sheet on  top of the quilt make everything seem even cleaner.9.&quot;No access to view fireworks from the hotel.&quot; was what I was  told at the front desk. Later, when I found the exercise room, I  thought that maybe we could have seen the fireworks from  there.I &quot;purchased&quot; a $800 package for three nights and three breakfasts. I say &quot;purchased&quot; because I made a donation to an arts fund raiser and received this package as a gift donated by Le Cantlie Suites.	
Jul 27 2008 	Very Poor Experience	We arrived at the hotel to find nowhere to park, we had to abandon our vehicle to a parking attendant at another hotel for an added charge. We were not noticed about this ahead of time.Our smoke-free room had a definite tobacco smell.We pulled the sofa bed out to sleep on and there was no mattress. We had to use the comforter from the bed.After taking a shower, we were standing in our own water because the drain was blocked.Access to the balcony was advertised but this was impossible because it was sealed shut with paint.The staff at the reception desk were rude and had a haughty attitude.This hotel was our first visit to Montreal. We were so unhappy with the hotel that we left the next day. Hopefully the other hotels in the city are of a higher standard, although that wouldn't be very difficult!	
Jul 25 2008 	Needs a complete renovation!!!	We stayed at Le Cantlie Suites in Montreal from July 13 - 15, 2008. What a disappointment! Don't be fooled by the pictures on the site! Firstly, we booked a non-smoking suite and when we arrived, we were put into a smoking room. When I called the front desk, the staff was apologetic and asked us to come down so they could switch our room. Great! No problem...mistakes happen. We went down and got the keys to another suite, then went up the elevator to our new room....of which the door was open and inside there was a maid.....smoking!!!! I couldn't believe it! The entire room smelled like smoke. It seems she didnt expect anyone in that room and snuck in there to have a quick break. Oh yes...that was a smoking room as well. There were ashtrays in the room. I called the front desk and was told to wait while they looked into it. They called me back 10 minutes later and apologized again and said they would upgrade us to an executive suite. We thought that was generous and once again, changed rooms. Executive suite?!? No way! The only difference between this room and the last two were french doors going into the bedroom. The furniture is from the 70's or 80's. The cold water tap in the bathroom sink didn't work. The bathtub faucet didn't work. The air conditioner took forever to cool the room down. It was 75 degrees in the room. Too warm for me. There was no air conditioning in the common areas of the hotel ie: hallways, elevators (which were old and scary) restaurant etc. On our second night, we had no electricity at all for several hours. The electricity was working in the halls and lobby, but not in the rooms. It was hot, and dark and sticky and scary. The nice things about this hotel are the people at the front desk and it's convenient downtown location. Parking is $24.00 per day and you have to pay for internet access, even with your own computer. I will not stay here again.	
Jul 23 2008 	AC horrible	We've stayed here twice before but this time it wasn't as great. The Air conditioner was horrible. It barely worked and kept going on (very low) for a few minutes and then shut off. The doors were stuck and had to be slammed to shut and pulled hard to open. The water pressure in the shower was bad and wallpaper was peeling off. It definitely needs a facelift big time. Next time in Montreal, we'll be staying at a different hotel for sure!!!!!	
Jul 19 2008 	bus trip/weekend get away	my wife and i spent 5 days on a business and get away. my wife Jewry and our gps were stolen from our room. taken out of looked suite cases. The front desk manager had the nerve to say we must have left it in the room. We checked and then manager then told us his staff had been with them many years and would not do that. Then manager told us we must left our things some where else. The room was old...dirty and in need of make over. The staff was not helpful in recommending restaurants or sights. Would never stay again.	
Jul 8 2008 	Terrific Hotel! Close to everything!	What a great experience we had at Cantlie Suites! Everything went so smoothly that I can't imagine what anyone could find to complain about. We had a luxurious room with a separate bedroom so we could visit comfortably in the living area. Beds were comfortable and linen lovely. There was an ample sized kitchen with every amenity a person could wish for in a suite. The staff were friendly and cordial and made us feel welcome.Being so close to downtown our group spent a lot of time walking. You can take a bus or subway very close to this hotel. We found our way around Montreal easily this way also. A few suggestions of things to do would be to enjoy the shopping on Catherine St., pubs and restaurants on Cresant St., beauty of the Basilica Notre-Dame and Old Montreal, underground mall, and lastly Mont Royal. These destinations are mostly within walking distance to the hotel and if not, a short subway ride away. Easy!If you like a hearty breakfast for less than $5 you will find a little diner on Peel St. about 2 blocks down from the Hotel. If you are looking for groceries for your room you will have to go down Sherbrooke to the 4000 area or a few blocks east towards the downtown. There are endless restaurants within a short walk of this hotel. Try the martinis at the Hotel. A real Martini was such a bonus at the end of a long day.Montreal is full of charm and offers lots to do. Cantlie Suites even furthered my impression of this easy going city. Thankyou everyone for such a great vacation!	
Jul 7 2008 	Great if you love a fishy smell and toenails!	My friends and I went to Montreal for a weekend bachelor party. Being professionals during the week, we opted for what we hoped was a more more quality hotel. Based on the rates for the Le Cantlie on Hotels.com and this site, we chose it, it had good ratings, and a good price. We were extremely disappointed. We rented two rooms, one was adequate, the other was atrocious. Room size was great. HOwever, when I got to our room, we went to put some food in one of the refrigerators, only to find a old, half eaten yougurt container, and another &quot;package&quot; which looked like the leftovers of a meal out. The other fridge was no good either, as the moment we opened it, the room smelled like every bad fish from the Lachine Rapids. We brought this to the attention of the hotel, and it was immediately cleaned.The next morning, upon looking at the floor near my bed, I realized that there were someone elses toenails on the floor. It was obvious from the previous night and the toenails that the room had not been adequately cleaned. I brought this to the attention of the manager, and he said that the hotel had been very busy and sometimes the rooms are not cleaned as properly as they should due to the large turnovers. NOT AN ACCEPTABLE ANSWER. I hope the sheets on my rather uncomfortable bed had been changed, and glassware porperly washed. Due to booking online, he was not able to compensate us. Would never recommend this hotel, nor stay there again.	
Jul 2 2008 	Hated it.	I will start with the good things. The pool/deck on the roof is fun and clean. You get a very nice view from up there. The hotel rooms were clean for the most part, and the beds and pillows and all that was acceptable and comfy.The bad- When I was exploring this hotel and my room. The same question kept coming back to my mind.. &quot;why wouldnt they just fix that???&quot; Things like wall paper hanging down in the bathroom, rusty shower curtain rods, bent forks, scrapes and scratches everywhere. Its sort of like the hotel was donated to the salvation army. They want to sell it for the same price as retail but its all beat up! The balconies look nice, but they are locked! You cant go on them! The vallet parking closes at like 11, so you have to use this damned intercom system to be let into the dungeon with your car. I thought i was going to get the fabulous Delta off hotwire, but got stuck in this crap house instead.	
Jun 20 2008 	Great value!	We landed an awesome deal on Hotels.com and found the hotel to be more than adequate. There was some confusion finding it as one of the pages on the web-site had the address as East Sherbrooke, instead of West. Our room had 2 queen sized super comfortable beds, a kitchenette with stove and refrigerator (could have used a microwave.) My only complaint is that they charge for wi-fi. Staff friendly and helpful. Location is ideal, great restaurants nearby, close to the Metro... all in all, a great value. I definitely recommend it.	
Jun 8 2008 	very well located clean hotel	we got a pretty good rate on hotel cantlie at orbitz. while some of the furnishings were clearly in need of replacement (the couch--which in itself was completely unnecessary for the room--had a few strange yellow stains), the bed was clean and very comfortable, the bathroom had some nice amenities and was more than acceptable, and the hotel was quiet and homey. because this hotel is -right- downtown and only about two blocks from the art museum, i'd give the hotel cantlie a thumbs up and recommend it to tourists, especially if you can get a good rate at a booking website. there may be other hotels that are newer or more hep, but for the price and rating i think it would be pretty difficult to do better for a short stay in montreal.	
May 21 2008 	Spacious and Great!	Me and my girl friend arrived at this hotel for a prom weekend. Needless to say the stay was beautiful. We were very pleased as the room was gorgeous with a lil kitchen , 2 double beds, tv etc. The room was very spacious and smelt fresh although it was a smoking room. The upgrade was made free of charge.The bathroom could be better but it was fine as you do not arrive to a city to remain in the Hotel.The hotel's looks on the outside doesnt do justice to what it is inside- beautiful. Front desk staff very helpful.Definetly will be returning again :)	
May 21 2008 	Its Ok	The Good:The hotel was clean.Location is good, walking distance to everything downtown.Had a small kitchen (stove, utensils and fridge) The Bad:The staff was rude to us (although we were 4 guys in our 20s)The rooms were hot/stuffy. Our windows did not open and the air-conditioning did not work. Other:Parking was $22 a day in their lot, behind the hotel.	
May 9 2008 	An efficient hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Le Cantlie Suites for 5 days, while it is not a gorgeous 5 star hotel, it has all the amenities a person would need for a fun stay in Montreal. The rooms were clean, you even had a small kitchenette if you needed to heat something up or make coffee. They even have a washer and dryer on the 27th floor that you can use which was helpful for us because it was much much cheaper than using the hotel's laundry. We were also on the 21st floor which is non smoking, so we were very pleased that they had designated floors for the smokers and non smokers. The hotel is located right in the heart of Montreal, and the front desk was really helpful in pointing us to good restaurants and sites to see. I would not recommend eating dinner at the hotel because I did not find the food to be very good, but their american breakfast is reasonable at $15 per person. However, there are a lot of breakfast places outside the hotel that are really excellent too. I would definitely stay at this place again because the hotel provided me with everything I needed and was clean, while the room are not as up to date as more expensive hotels, the staff and service was very good.	
Apr 27 2008 	Fine stay	Excellent location to Cresent St. and Saint Catherine Street. The room was clean and comfortable. The staff was helpful and kind. I would stay again.	
Apr 27 2008 	Pretty Nasty	I was not at all impressed with le Cantlie Suites. I was traveling with a teen and a toddler. The location was fine for dining and shopping. We have been to Montreal several times, this visit we stayed our first night at Embassy Suites, but tried to save money on our second night by booking this hotel through Hotwire. Not worth the savings. It is absolutely laughable that this hotel would get the same star rating as the Embassy Suites, which was spotless, included a wonderful breakfast and was absolutely professional. The staff at Le Cantlie were friendly, the room was clean with good beds. BUT --- the entrance to the hotel was absolutely filthy. The carpet at the entrance looked like it had never been swept or cleaned, the dirt and foot traffic had eaten away at the fibers, there were water/salt stains along the sides of the entrance carpet. I realise it is Spring time and we are fresh off of a tough Winter, but cleaning up the entrance should be a constant priority if they are at all concerned about their image... which clearly they are not. The exterior signage gives a run-down picture of the hotel, as well. The elevators were also dirty, with spit stains running down the interior of at least one of the elevator doors, right next to a bunch of nasty messages carved into the door by some well raised guest of the hotel. The kitchen area is laughable, with extremely dated appliances (1950s?), and a nice note letting you know that it is your job -as the guest - to clean the kitchen perfectly or else you will be charged $50... but no dish soap to help you get that job done. My though was that this should be a job for housekeeping, and if they are not responsible for cleaning the kitchen and utensils, then who cleaned it before I got to it? Did the last guest to use the kitchen go out and purchase dish soap, like I did, to clean the kitchen? I have to count on the previous guest to do a sanitary job of cleaning the fork my son is going to use to eat with???? What if it was the same guest who spit on the elevator door? No microwave. Tiny TV in the room, tiny bathroom with a 2 star feel to it, shampoo, but no conditioner. There must be some renovations going on, or maybe it was work next door, as we could hear the sounds of construction work coming through the walls. There are just far too many great hotels to choose from in Montreal --it truly does not make sense to stay in a place like this. Having to view spit running down the interior of the elevator door each time we went back to our room was truly amazing... Internet service is $4.95 per night, but ours did not work, so we immediately called down and cancelled it... I did not want to waste time trying to fix their problem.... the young man who took my call told me it would be cancelled, but then failed to remove it from my bill. I was able to straighten that out as I was checking out.... I think, though I haven't received my credit card statement yet. The hotel is sub-par, even for the $106 we paid per night through Hotwire.... I think a 3.5 star rating was a bit of over-reaching by Hotwire... it shouldn't be just about the amenities which are offered, the most basic in cleanliness and upkeep should be expected. Hotwire had a room w/ two queens available at the Hilton Bonaventure for $89 per night, I got sucked in by the &quot;kitchen&quot; and &quot;suite&quot; style room (not a suite in our case, must a small hotel room w/ a kitchenett built off of it) at Le Cantlie. The kitchen turned out to be well more trouble than it was worth and did not have a microwave oven. Overall, I think that Le Cantlie Suites was a pretty nasty hotel. I would not stay there again for any price.	
Apr 10 2008 	Nice Hotel good location	Hotel was a very pleasant stay, front desk was nice and friendly. Not the newest one in the area but comfortable and close to most anything you wanted to see. My wife and I were there on business but found time to do some sight seeing, in snow and all. Shopping and eating was in walking distance in all directions.We had studio room with a little kitchen et, small fridge perfect size for storing drinks. Little convenience store right across the street along with an internet cafe if you didn't bring your own computer, but the hotel is very reasonable on their wireless charge of only about $5 per day. We book for Expedia and they had a terrific rate for the hotel when booked with a flight.	
Mar 30 2008 	Le Cantlie	Spent 3 weeks there, overall it was okay. It's 22$ a day for the valet garage parking ($$), the rooms are big, I say rooms because when I got there I had my studio suite with one queen bed, which was reserved then 2 1/2 weeks later I had to switch room because they were doing renovations from level 15 and up so I ended up having the one bedroom suite which has an elegant French doors leading to a private bedroom. That was nice. The staff is courteous, the valet staff were wonderful. Obviously the pool was closed (winter time), the resto/bar was kind of quiet due to the season.	
Mar 2 2008 	Nice Boutique Hotel in Shopping District	Well a group of friends and I went up to montreal for reading week, and from all the reviews we were concerned. We got a good deal off of Expedia and were only staying one night. When we arrived we found the staff to be pleasant and attentive. The room was a non-smoking (did not smell of smoke at all) 2 Queen studio suite which was large enough to fit all four of us and baggage. All the furniture was clean and well kept and the bathroom was clean as well. The beds were really quite comortable and the linen clean and warm. They also had a free service that held our bags while we went out to shop on the day of the check-out. The only small draw back was the kicthen in the closet, something I have never seen in other suites. But the fact that there was even a small kicthenette (with microwave, coffeemaker, fridge, stove and sink) was a plus anyway. And it was also in close walking distance to the metro.	
Feb 24 2008 	A Hidden Gem in Montreal	Booked our room through hotwire.com for $83/night the night before check-in. Hotwire rates it 3.5 stars which is accurate. Some of the reviews on this site caused us some worry, none of which came true. From start to finish, every staff person we encountered-- front desk, housekeeping, restaurant, housekeeping, were cheerful, helpful and chatty if you wanted them to be. I suspect there may be some rooms of lower quality (possibly set aside for priceline and hotwire?) that are causing a problem. Our room was large, with 2 queen beds, a nice view (including the recent full lunar eclipse!), little kitchenette, small but nice bathroom. Furnishings (except the small TV) were up to date. The mezzanine restaurant is lovely with friendly waitstaff. The continental buffet breakfast, at $10.50 is very reasonably priced with a large assortment of things to eat and drink. I think the walls may be a bit thin, as we could hear the TV in the next room one night. Very comfortable beds and linens. Great location in downtown Montreal. One reason they are cheaper and lose 1/2 star is because the pool is seasonal (rooftop), the exercise room is small and they charge extra for internet; so for a low price you get 4 star accommodations with fewer extras. For us, that is perfect.	
Feb 21 2008	Decent Hotel - not so decent service	I stayed at the Le Cantlie Suites and the location is great, 2-3 blocks from Saint Catherine street and right near an awesome Indian Restaurant and about a $15 cab ride to the casino. The room was decent, probably a 6.5 out of 10. For 4 guys we had 2 suites and we checked in early friday afternoon, but later on we went out to pick up some drinks and as soon as we walked in, we were harassed by the front desk. They claimed they had a policy of accompanying anyone to their room who was bringing in liquor or beer. The gentleman came into our room, inspected it as if he were a police officer searching for drugs, and made several threats about us making noise (when we had spent only a total of maybe 20mins in our room before that point, and hadn't made a peep). I understand the noise issue from their standpoint, but I think it was very rude and unnecessary to make pre-emptive threats to us based on our appearance as young males coming in with liquor/beer. If we were making excessive noise, then they have every right to come up and complain at that point, but NOT before then.Overall, I'd recommend this hotel to an older crowd, but not a younger crowd looking to party/drink	
Feb 19 2008 	M'eh.....	After finding an incredible deal on Hotwire, we booked Le Cantlie Suites Hotel. Not a bad place, but there were a lot of little things that could use an upgrade to make this hotel a great value. For one, the flowers in the lobby were all wilted when we walked in, and the gentleman working the desk was less than pleasant. The room itself was nice, but the wallpaper was peeling/bubbled on the wall, there were chipped tiles in the bathroom, and the faucet in the tub was leaking. There also weren't many towels, which always bugs me. The whole &quot;suite&quot; concept seems like a misnomer - yes they have a fridge, a coffee pot, and an extra sink, but other than that, the room was just a hotel room with these things, not a suite. The room was spacious and clean, but the walls were PAPER thin. We could hear folks in the rooms next to us talking, and every morning around 7:30 a.m., you could hear the shower from another room above us going. It was LOUD. So loud that it sounded like the pipe had burst.All and all, the hotel wasn't bad if you're looking for a good deal with a great location (steps away from the Peel Metro Station and the shopping on St. Catherine Street). On our next visit, I would spend the extra $25 - 50 a night and stay at a hotel where they go the extra mile to make guests happy.	
Jan 6 2008	Great Experience	I did alot of research on hotels in the area before booking I found this to be the best value, it is a walking distance from all the downtown shops and restaurants and right next to the Ritz Carlton...so we knew it was a great spot and a better value. The pool doesnt sayopen all night unfortunately...neither does the bar, but it was clean and neat and there are floor to ceiling windows. Overall, It was very cozy and pleasant.	
Nov 30 2007	Clean pleasant comfy and convenient	Spent 4 nights at this hotel in July during the Montreal Jazz Festival (see note below) and loved it. I encountered no rudeness whatsoever, quite the opposite in fact. Every member of the staff always greeted me with a smile. Reception is indeed busy, but someone always had time to happily answer my many questions and share tips. I specifically asked for a quiet room, ideally on a floor without any big groups, and got it. Room was quiet and spotless for my whole stay. So clean that I sent the hotel an email to compliment housekeeping when I got home. As other reviews said, location is great, rooms are spacious and kitchen is handy, especially with $1US to $1CA exchange rate. Some may find beds too soft, I found them comfy. Didn't try the pool or breakfast. Paid $104US per night for a wed. to sun. stay thru Entertainment Book. Planning to stay there next year, too.Note: I don't want to mislead anyone, this hotel is not in the immediate area of the Jazz Fest. I mentioned it to make the point that I was there during a busy time and still got wonderful service!	
Nov 9 2007	Thanksgiving at Le Cantlie Suites	We very much enjoyed our Thanksgiving stay at Le Cantlie Suites on Sherbrooke Street in Montreal. Our room was large, clean and comfortable, and had a nice southern view. The staff were cordial and professional; and the hotel's location was ideal.	
Oct 15 2007	CAN'T Deal with issues	We showed up to the hotel and everything seemed fine it was great during the day.... but when we got back to our hotel to actually sleep they booked us on a floor that was packed with church going 18yrs old who would yell and slam doors in the halls... we are repeatly asked them to stop after an hour we got so sick it happening we call the receiption area and they said they would take care of it well we thought they did they sent a security guard up to the floor and he walked down the hall and then returned downstairs.. .... the people continued and seeing how they don't seem to train security very well we decided to leave at 1am.... speaking with reception they said that they could not refund our money at that time but we should call back the next day and they will do it (making the mistake and doing it) we returned home and called the next day to get the answer we are not sure.. well insulting me and saying I was lieing.... call back the next day speak with manager who is not much better Clare ...when you get a little upset she threatens you that she will not do anything for and will hang up... still they can not give any answers about this situation.... they can not even answer questions about the situation.	
Oct 5 2007 	Fantastic Hotel and Truthful Reviews	Booked this hotel through Expedia and got a great deal for the four nights I stayed at this hotel.Upon check in (which I arrived early for) they immediately found an available room and checked me in quickly and efficiently. I had booked a studio room which I was given, on the 14th floor with a view overlooking downtown Montreal.The room was very spacious with a queen bed, european kitchenette (with fridge stove/oven, dishes, coffee maker, and cutlery), and large sitting area with a sofa, writing desk, and large armoire which held the television and drawers to put clothes and items in if you chose to. The bathroom was also large with plenty of counter space, towels, and toiletries (which were replaced daily).The room was very clean and the housekeeping staff maintained this for my entire stay. I had also asked for extra items from them on one occassion and they provided such with pleasure!The hotel itself has a roof top pool which is available to guests and offered a great view of the downtown area as well. I unfortunately can't comment on the breakfast or other meals in the hotel as spent time in other restaurants in the area and throughout Montreal.The subway/metro is approximately 1 block from the hotel and 2 blocks from St Catherines for shopping and restaurants. Sherbrooke Street also offers fantastic shops and restaurants within walking distance and also on this street is McGill University within walking distance.Overall, I can't say one negative thing about this hotel or my stay here. The staff I came across over the five days were friendly, professional, and went out of their way for me if I asked-and I also watched them do this for other guests requesting assistance. After reading previous reviews of this hotel, I find myself &quot;shaking my head&quot; at all the negative comments as this was not my experience in any way and as a very experienced and frequent traveller who often is very picky, I thought this hotel was wonderful!	
Oct 2 2007	Horrible experience	The staff is so rude, it will take your breath away. The hotel was as noisy as hell at night, and when I went to complain to the front desk in the morning, they yelled at ME for not calling security in the middle of the night! The room is so dusty that if you are allergic to dust, you will sneeze all night. TAKE YOUR PILLS! My room was not ready before 5.00pm!!! The only upside is the convenient location, minutes away from downtown Montreal. Don't go there, you will find tons of nicer hotels in the area.	
Sep 27 2007 	HORRIBLE RUDE STAFF!!!	I stayed at this hotel with 7 of my friends (all young professionals) because it was conveniently located right in Downtown Montreal. We spent over $1300 on our 4 hotel rooms and they decided to over charge us (above and beyond the Priceline costs) based on a &quot;Security Report&quot; while trying to pretend it was a &quot;Police Report&quot; that was filed (for which we are still trying to figure out what for). While trying to get the situation sorted out in a civilized manner, the Manager had the odasity to threaten to call the police for us requesting to view the &quot;check-in&quot; document we had signed at check-in time. He claimed it was a &quot;Hotel Document&quot; and could not be released. Not only did he not let us SEE the document we signed, but the staff at check-in would not even provide it to us in English, even though we requested it. We had to sign it in French, when we do not speak French, and Montreal is supposed to be a bilingual city!Overall, the staff was unfriendly, and in particular, the Hotel Manager, was incredibly rude and knew nothing about Customer Service.This hotel is definitely NOT a 4-star, not even a 1-star. It should not even be listed as an option on Priceline. I would NEVER recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 13 2007 	Good price and Great Location	Stayed at Le Cantlie Suites for four nights this month on a recommendation. It worked out extremely well. The one bedroom was unusually large, clean and well appointed even if I didn't care for the carpet colour - but that's my thing. It had a view towards downtown which was spectacular. We had one large group of visitors on the third night and the suite never got crowded.Most of the staff went out of their way to be helpful and the restaurant was handy. When we asked for extra towels they were deliverd in 15 minutes.Negociating into the parking garage was a little difficult for my too large car but after one or two times it wasn't a problem.There's a zillion restaurants in the area, many of outstanding quality - probably a better and more interesting selection than in Toronto.Le Cantlie is located on a classy district on Sherbrooke Street. near anything downtown and a three minute walk to the subway. There are art galeries and the Montreal Museum nearby. It's an interesting and elegant area to walk.All in all it was a hassle free stay, easy to get to off the downtown expressway and the rate was much better than the major chains that I had checked. Highly recommended.	
Aug 25 2007 	Not bad - good location - large rooms	This is a reasonnable priced hotel in a very good location. The rooms are rather large and the personnel pretty nice and friendly. They were a little bit disorganized at check in.Clientele are medium size budget travellers that just want a clean room in a good location in Montreal.We had a little bit of noise from the neighbors talking loud, walls seem pretty thin.I would still recommend.	
Aug 23 2007 	Not bad but needs some improvements.	The price was good for the hotel. Had a very nice European kitchen at which we did utilize. I would stay there again if I absolutely needed too but wouldn't pick it as a first choice. The location was great. Right near the hot spots. The downsides are, that the parking was very expensive,$22 a day, the continental breakfast was VERY expensive ($15pp for hot) for what we got. Food overcooked and some undercooked. Better off going to a restaraunt. Every time we needed to make money exchanges they told us they couldn't do it but left the sign out saying that they would and do offer to exchange money. Very dissapointed about that because it put us in a bind. It wasn't a HUGE let down but I'll never forget it. Sometimes we received staff that was very helpful, and some that were not and seemed snyde.	
Aug 18 2007 	The staff... Not helpfull! WOuld not go there again!	It was my parents' 40th wedding anniversary. My sisters and I wanted everything well planned.After seeing an add on this tripadvisor website, I decide to contact directly the hotel to make sure there would be no communication problem.I was told on the phone when I made the reservation that the breakfast was included.... to find out at check in... it was not. I was also told there was a valet... which was perfect since my sister and I wanted to escort our parents to there room and had organized a little &quot;mise en scene&quot; tho celebrate the event..... saddly.... there was no valet. The lady at the front desk tells me that there is in fact a valet but the parking is at the back of the building.... When I get there... the parking is full! Our surprise &quot;mise en scene&quot; and schedule was mixed up and delayed and my sisters performed the &quot;anniversary surprise&quot; without me being cut up in finding a parking space!What disturbed me the most about those events is the lack of efforts and empathy from the staff at the front desk. I felt as they did not beleive me when I recalled my conversation with the reservation staff whyle defending themself it was not there fault and that they would have to inquire! My event, my problems were NOW... not eventualy when the regular staff would be there. I was greatly surprise there was no duty manager (who has usually more power of decision and is more &quot;happy customer&quot; oriented) on site. I am very desapointed about the (non) consideration to the guest service concept! There was absolutely no desire to help me, understand my point, nor intention to find solutions to my problems and see a happy customer!	
Aug 9 2007 	Alright hotel pretty good location friendly staff	There were many positives about the hotel. It's in a great location, near the Museum of Fine Arts, shopping on Ste. Catherine (although, I thought the shopping was better in other neighborhoods. Honestly, most of the stores in the downtown area are no different than what you would find in New York, Chicago, Toronto, etc.), the Metro, good restaurants, Crescent Street nightlife, etc. The rooms are large (judging by my room, which was the smallest available room when I booked the hotel.) and clean. And yes, the staff all were bilingual (I'm fairly certain just about everyone in Montreal is), and friendly. The bartender offered suggestions on what to see and do in the city during happy hour (5-7 pm, Martini's for $9). The rooms include a &quot;kitchenette,&quot; which in my case included a refrigerator, a toaster and a microwave. The hotel simply asks you to leave the kitchenette as you found it. Obviously, they intend it to be used for light meals and don't want their staff spending large amounts of time cleaning up after a major culinary undertaking. The air conditioning was efficient, and quiet, which was a nice change of pace since I have a window unit at home. My bathroom was large, and I requested a room with a queen sized bed and a couch and coffee table. The room service menu was reasonably priced, and though I never ordered any real food, had I not been in a one of North America's culinary capitols, it's the only time I've looked at a room service menu and thought I'd actually be willing to pay the prices (since this trip was on my dime, and not for business). The hotel also features a roof top pool, which I imagine is nice most of the summer since Montreal gets pretty hot then. It wasn't terribly hot when I was there, so I didn't use it, but it looked nice. Just don't expect an Olympic sized pool - it's a roof top pool in downtown Montreal afterall! I was on a higher floor, so I didn't hear any noise from the street at all. Overall though, Rue Sherbrooke doesn't seem to be one of the more bustling streets in Montreal, so I can't imagine it was that bad on the lower floors comparatively speaking. However, when you're in downtown Montreal (or Chicago, New York, San Francisco, where ever), I think you can expect some noise (afterall, when do you think they're going to collect the garbage in a major commercial district in a major city? 5 am or 10 am?)Now for the negatives: While the hotel is clean, spacious, and nice, it really could use an updating. The wallpaper screams 1989 - not ugly, just dated. The drapes were ugly though. But, they kept the light out at night and in the morning. Honestly, I don't know how much of a negative it really is unless you're looking for the coolest, hippest hotel to stay in. A lot of nicer, but older hotels have this problem. What looked great 15 years ago, doesn't anymore. Time to renovate! Another clue that the hotel needs an update - they still use actual keys to the rooms, and not magnetic strip cards for the locks. Now, I kind of hate those cards in some ways - get em too close to your credit card in your wallet and they don't work - but after a couple glasses of wine, an unfamiliar set of keys is hard to use! Another slight annoyance is that the bed was right next to the kitchenette - so close, that I had to push the bed a couple of inches to open up the doors to the kitchenette every day (I think the maid kept pushing it back). It also bothered me that the hotel puts a card in your bathroom explaining that unnecessary washing of towels wastes water, and requests that if you want your towels replaced to throw them in the bathtub and they be replaced. Otherwise, hang them back up and the maid will leave them. Well, I hung mine back up every day, and yet I still had a fresh set every single day. Also, the stopper in my sink was broken, and when I notified the front desk and asked them to sent a maintenance person to look at it, no one came the first day, and afterwards I think the maid just pulled it out of the sink. To be fair, I didn't complain again, because it wasn't that big a deal. The hotel offers complimentary coffee in your kitchenette everyday. Don't bother. I made it twice (the second time with half the water), and it was brown, hot water both times. The only room service I ordered was a carafe of coffee. Also, there's 28 floors and 3 elevators. Sometimes you have to wait a bit. Also, one ice machine for the whole hotel. On the 27th floor.One note of praise for management. When I checked in I was a bit concerned as I was watching two groups of young people in front of me go in to the hotel with cases of beer. I was getting a little nervous, as I know how loud I was when I was college aged and drinking with a group of friends. Someone who I think was a manager pulled them aside to talk to them about the amount of noise that was coming from their rooms, and explained to them in a very respectful way that their behavior was bothering other guests, hurting the hotel's reputation, and could potentially cost the hotel money in lost revenue. He went on to explain that if he had even one more complaint, they would be forced to leave the hotel. The kids seemed to get it, and I sighed in relief! For a second I was nervous that I was checking in to the Jersey Shore Senior Week in Montreal!	
Aug 6 2007 	Do Not Stay Here!	1. We had a SUITE for 4 people and were charged extra per night for this. This is fine, but you have nerve not leaving one towel per person. They left us 2 towels. I spoke to the maid to tell her there were 4 of us, she said we could only have 3 towels and she gave me one extra for that day only. Then she left us 2 each day. We had to scavenger the maid's supply closet every day for clean towels while she was attending to another room. Do you think this is relaxing for a guest???? Every day, she got 4 dirty towels, but it clearly didn't occur to her how they got there or that she should leave one for each guest. This is STANDARD to leave a clean towel for each guest. This is not unreasonable. Why are we charged an extra charge if you are going to treat us like this?. 2. One of us is pregnant. She told the hotel this and asked for 2 extra pillows because she needed them to sleep, and the hotel said no! Two of us forfeited our pillows to her so she could sleep, which means two of us didn't get any sleep during our stay. In a 3 star hotel, if a guest asks for extra pillows, the hotel should provide them. This is not an unreasonable request.3. We almost ran out of toilet paper, and the maid did not leave a roll when she cleaned the room. 4. The fridge did not keep anything cold. 5. The room AC did not work and the windows don't open so you suffer. 6. There was duct tape on the remote control. 7. There are 28 floors and only ONE ice machine in the entire hotel. 8. Our 4th person was sleeping on the sofabed and we had to call the front desk 3x to get sheets and a pillow. After the towel/pillow experience, we hid the sheets and pillow each day in the closet so we wouldn't have to beg for it each day. 9. Garbage trucks make a ton of noise very early in the morning and we heard them on the 6th floor. This is not mentioned in the hotel website. 10. Upon checkout, I asked to speak to a manager to discuss these matters and the desk clerk paused, said &quot;um&quot; a lot, and then said the manager just happened to have stepped out. How convenient. I think many people complain and this is what they do to avoid hearing how much the hotel stinks.We followed up afterwards, and the hotel refused to acknowledge that any of our claims were true. Montreal is wonderful and I have been there many times, but stay somewhere else. Do not stay here!	
Jul 31 2007 	Decent Hotel	I stayed there with my brother for a weekend. It is very centrally located good walking distance from everything. The only problem is that if you have to pay for EVERYTHING there. A dollar to use the phone even for local calls, If you don't clean the stove yourself they charge you $50. One thing is that the beds are VERY comfy. I slept like a baby.The restaurant there is on the expensive side. The rooftop pool was ok. I had expected a beautiful pool when I heard rooftop pool. It was no bigger than a pool you'd find in someones backyard with a wooden deck. Atleast it offered a nice view.	
Jul 30 2007 	Well used..	The hotel was very run down. Carpets, walls, furniture and bathroom seemed ready for renovation. Except from that the room was of good size and the location was good, a lot of restaurants nearby.	
Jul 28 2007 	Great location and price	Stayed at Le Cantlie for 4 nights. The location can't be beat. It's central to everything you'd want to see...if not by walking...then by Metro (subway) which is superbly easy to navigate...Peel station is less than 5 minutes walk. The rooms are a little dated and bathrooms could definitely use a facelift, but are functional and clean. Much bigger than an average hotel room which was great to have room to spread out. On the 14th floor...our room was incredibly quiet...no noise whatsoever from traffic or other rooms....and I'm about the lightest sleeper there is...so not having to use earplugs was a bonus! Air conditioning was great (and quiet...bonus) which you definitely need in Montreal in the summer....if you don't like hot, humid weather, better to come in the Fall when it cools off. Elevators are a little slow and busy, but there are 3 of them. Just keep this in mind if you're in a rush to get somewhere. Kitchenettes didn't have a microwave, which is kind of unusual in this day and age. Great view from the 28th floor deck, but pool was in need of some cleaning and TLC. The staff was extremely courteous and helpful. I would definitely recommend to anyone who is looking for clean, comfortable accomodations in the centre of this great city.	
Jul 26 2007 	choose another	If I went again I would choose another hotel. Yes, the hotel is in a good location but so are most of the others--ie. close to subway, shopping and restaurants. Le Cantlie does not have any better location than any of the other downtown hotels. The so-called kitchen is really a closet in the wall with no oven or microwave, just fridge and toaster with very few utensils. An older gentleman working the desk Friday nite when we checked in was rude and pompous. We did not use the swimming pool as it was on the roof and too cool. A hot tub would have been more appreciated due to all the walking/sightseeing we had done. Montreal is a great city and I highly recommend visiting the city just don't stay at Le Cantlie. I had made my reservation directly with the hotel, by calling, thinking this was better than booking online. This turned out to be a bad idea because while I am sure I informed them at the time of making the reserv that it was for four people--I was billed an additional $50.00 on top of the original quote I was given because my daughters (13 and 15) were with us too. This seemed to me like they were taking advantage of us--it was late Friday nite and obviously we could not go anywhere else and even if we did, we would be billed for this stay as it was after 6 pm. We had no choice, had they told us it would be an additional $100. we would have had to pay. I don't think this was right. Worse yet, after that exorbitant charge, no additional towels or toiletries were placed in our room on either night--only enough for 2! You'd think if they were astute enough to charge us for the additional that they would have been astute enough to inform Hskgp of that fact. As it was, a two night stay ended up costing us over $400.00 despite the fact it was booked months in advance. Beware Le Cantlie!	
Jul 13 2007 	Old but OK	It´s a good hotel with a great downtown location near the subway, restaurants, and places of interest. The service is not good. The internet service is terrible	
Jul 11 2007 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights June 30 2007 for the long weekend. The rooms were very large and clean. The hotel charges $22.00 per day to park your car, soo you might want to park across the street to save some funds. The rooftop pool was great although the weather was not in our favour. We ate out for most of our stay and on the last night decided to eat at the hotel. The service at the restaurant was horrible it took 45 minutes for a Veggie burger and when the waitress brought our orders she mixed up every order. They only had one waitress in staff which was very disappointing and she acted as the bartender as well. The location of the hotel was great, everything is within walking distance or a cheap cab ride. The hotel could have more updated interior features but overall it was well worth the price. Other than the slow waitress the staff was very friendly and I would stay again but just eat out. Well worth the price for the location.	
Jul 1 2007	Will Return	My fiancé and I stayed for four nights in this hotel June 2007. I was very glad that we chose this hotel!The hotel was very clean. Our room was quite large and it was very comfortable. The floor we were on was completely non-smoking, which was nice. The room had a mini-fridge, which came in quite handy. The air conditioning worked very well and was quite. The bathroom was a little small and the showerhead wasn’t my favourite, but it was spotlessly cleaned everyday. The hot water was nice and hot and there was good water pressure. The note in the kitchen is not offensive or rude. It just states that if you leave the place a mess then you will be charged a cleaning fee. All of the hotel staff we spoke to were fluently bilingual. We speak minimal French yet had no problems communicating. Everyone was very polite and happy to point us in the right direction. The valet staff were exceptionally helpful! They provided us with maps and told us cool places to visit and gave us excellent directions to get there. Yes, there is a charge for parking, but you will find that everywhere in downtown Montreal, so don’t let it put you off. Even if you stay outside the city, you will still have to pay for parking when you come in. Our car was safe and the valet staff didn’t care how many times a day we bothered them.This hotel is in an excellent location!! We were a quick walk to lots of shopping and dining. This Hotel is easy access to everything. We walked a lot of places and even took the subway. The subway (aka Metro) stop is 1 block from this hotel. It was actually easier to take the Metro to a few places than take the car and pay for parking. Hotel Le Cantlie Suites is in a very safe neighbourhood.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel and will be staying there again for our next trip. An great hotel and excellent value!	
Jun 28 2007 	Pleasant stay but not exactly what we expected	This hotel was located within a 5-7 minute WALK to the museum of fine arts, shopping/restaraunts/cinema on Rue St Catherine, the Queen Elizabeth and Ritz Carlton hotels and the Peel metro stop. While this location is certainly great and you def. do not need a car to get around, please note, the Hotel is not walking distance to Vieux (old) Montreal and the botanical gardins etc. Many hotel sites list ALL these attractions as though they all within arm's reach. From the Peel street metro, we needed to switch to another metro line after a few stops to get to old Montreal (cobblestone roads, water district, Notre Dame etc). Granted it was only a 15 minute ride there and the Botanical Gardens / Olympic Stadium are only 10 minute ride up on the same line, it's not exactly all in one place. Overall, I was happy with our location, but there's a ton of hotels in McGill Univ. area as well as in old Montreal which are equally accessible to all the attractions if you are near a metro stop, so I would suggest to make your pick based upon weighing out all considerations.The Hotel, itself, was somewhat dated and had a semi-pleasant staff. There was an elderly man who checked us, he printed out some form for us to sign in french and when I asked him what I was signing exactly, he gave a big huff and printed out another one in english. There was a female at the reception wearing shapely glasses who also refused to help me make a reservation for departing on the aerobus (airport shuttle) stating that it had to be done 24 hours in advance, which was BS cause this was never relayed to us initially by the airport shuttle folks who took us to the hotel and another female receptionist succesfully made the reservation for us within minutes after. The manager, Claire, was very nice though when I explained to her that we had an extenuating circumstance which required us to checkout a day early. There was also a younger boy with blonde hair who was very helpful in telling us about all the nearby attractions and directions. Housekeeping staff was nice to bring us extra toothpaste that we had taken away by TSA (even though it was &quot;travel size&quot; - TSA manages to always put a damper on my trips nowadays). Overall, the staff was pleasant, but nothing extra special. The beds, bathroom, sheets were comfy/clean and there was a beautiful rooftoop view/pool. The room had no couch as stated in our travelocity booking, it had an cob webbed, dirty balcony and a sink and fridge in a closet (kitchen). The TV was barely 19 inches. If you do not plan to spend much time inside, then it's not bad. We had no problem being outside most of the two days we were there, so it worked out well. If you stay 3+ days, you may want a nicer hotel to stay inside as most of the nearby attractions can easily be covered in 3 days. We even had time to see a movie at the nearby cinema - cheap tickets, $9 for 2ppl in the evening. Other tips: I would recommend getting to downtown by shuttle from the airport ($24 roundtrip). Don't try to find a train and switch to the metro, it may save you $10 bucks, but it's a pain b/c the train is quite a walk from the airport. I would recommend avoiding the grey line tours unless you're looking to kill time. the guides are not very good at discussing important facts or such, they just say what's on their mind and most of the stuff you can cover by foot or metro. I would recommend the botanical garden/ insectarium. The animals in the dome across were ok, too. The Notre dame and Old Montreal are def. great to check out. You can easily cover old montreal in half day and half day in the botanical gardens area. Or you can stretch it out to a full day, each. We ate a lovely, reasonably priced, vegetarian friendly place featured on travel network in old montreal: [--]It was a good crepe/fondue/quiche joint with locals and nice atmosphere.All in all, it was a quick, fun trip.	
Jun 20 2007 	Very poor hotel!	I loved the location of this hotel. Busy fun city, lot's to see. :) I didn't experience a lot of major problems with this hotel, but they deffinitly have a lot of hidden fees. I thought my rate for this hotel was too high ( 115US$) because of the service in the hotel, it was not good service from the employees, and the rooms were very dissapointing, by travelocity I was quoted a 3 star hotel, when I asked the housekeeping about the rating, she told me it was a 4 star hotel, which made me laugh :) The website also didn't include the extra $23 CA for parking, which is a large enough fee that needs to be included. The phones in the room was charging by call $1.00+tax for every call you make (800#'s and even local 514). The view was great it looked directly to the Sherbrooke Street :) which was nice, parking attendants were the only nice people in the hotel, because they want a tip ofcourse :) I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone, because I didn't enjoy staying there. The kitchenette was dirty, and very old. The breakfast was too expensive, 15$ for breakfast, that's expensive! I would prefer next time to stay in a BestWestern or DaysINN. I wish I knew to check this website before actually ordering this hotel. :)	
May 29 2007 	People make the difference	Great city good hotel. The Cantlie was a good inexpensive hotel and we enjoyed being so close to the downtown. Montreal is a wonderful city and we had a lot of fun. It was more like being in europe then the east coast. We will definity go back, it's a great city to walk around especially the older parts of the city with the narrow streeets. The hotel was nice but what really stood out was how great the people at the hotel were . When we were trying to get around the city the clerks took tthe time to print out some maps for us and told us about the old port area. We don't speak any french but everyone we met spoke english so it wan't a problem.	
May 6 2007 	very pleasantly surprised	I spent this weekend in Montreal for a family reunion. One of my relatives had picked this hotel as the place we would all stay. I live near Montreal and have stayed at many hotels there but I had not heard of Le Cantlie Suites. I was therefore somewhat concerned when I was told where we would be staying. These concerns were not lessened by reading the decidedly mixed reviews on this site. What a pleasant surprise. First, there was no problem with the parking. From some of the reviews, I thought there might be a shortage of spots and that we would have to go to a private lot. You simply turn at the corner of Peel and Sherbrooke and turn right into an alley behind the hotel which leads to the underground garage. A pleasant attendant was right there. Upon exiting the car we proceeded a few feet to the elevator which brought us directly to the lobby. It was all so quick. Once in the lobby we were checked in by a friendly desk clerk. I thought the lobby was nice but I also know that many hotels renovate their lobbies so that they are pleasant and new looking but when you get to the room, it is another story. Well, when we walked in the room we were very surprised at how large and nice the room was. The mattresses were very comfortable and the bedding immaculately clean. As it turns out, we had just stayed at the more upscale Marriott Le Chateau Champlain the previous weekend and the room at the Cantlie Suites was almost twice the size. There were two high backed sitting chairs as well. We had drinks at the second floor bar which looks directly onto Sherbrooke Street. It was absolutely lovely and the bartender could not have been any nicer. I realize that one stay can give the wrong impression--either good or bad, but based on this weekend I could defintely recommend this hotel. I don't know about the soundproofing in the rooms that others have complained about. We had an end room and therefore, there was only one room next to ours and maybe that room was vacant or had a quiet occupant but we never heard any noises. Yes, the elevators are small but there were four of them and we never had a long wait. Yes, the bathroom was small but that was a very minor concern. It was clean and the water pressure in the shower was good. The location on Sherbrooks is excellent. On the very next block on Sherbrooke is the Ritz-Carlton. On the next block on the other side is the Omni. Directly across the street is the Sofitel. Not bad company. A perfect location, just far enough away from the noise and seediness of St. Catherine St.	
Apr 24 2007 	Quick and Convenient	The Cantlie Suites was a decent hotel with a convenient location downtown. The room we stayed in was clean and had everything that you may need eg. iron, ironing board, microwave, bar fridge, sink etc. The kitchenette is not that big, so don't plan on cooking extravagant meals, but you can warm up leftovers. When we first arrived, the staff did not seem that welcoming, however, the one front desk lady was very nice and helpful to us afterwards. She recommended a place for us to eat and how to get to the convenient store and upon our return asked us how we enjoyed the restaurant. The one drawback that we found with the hotel is the surcharge for wireless internet. Both my brother and I brought our laptops and we both wanted to access the internet. However, in order for us to both access the internet we had to pay the surcharge of $10 twice. All in all we found the hotel convenient, comfortable, and at a very good price. We would recommend this hotel to others.	
Apr 11 2007 	Horrible! 	AWFUL! They screwed up on my booking the room was terrible and not to mention the staff were rude and unhelpful. The TV in our room wasnt working, the food in the resteraunt was pathetic and gross, the bathroom was never cleaned nor did they remove ANY mold from it, It was very tiny and the door didnt open all the way. They never picked up the recylceing so it sat there and stank up the whole room. They nevr helped me with my luggage as I was struggling with a baby. Instead of removing the money from our account with debit they credited the money into our account instead......which messed up our bank accounts. The door never worked and was a struggle to open it. The front desk staff where phoney and rude. I will NEVER stay there again and I strongly advise anyone else NOT to either.....they will quote you a price on the phone and charge you double when you arrive.What kind of hotel trys to throw a woman and her baby on the street in a middle of a snow storm at 130 in the morning because she dosnt have $2100 instead of the $908 that she was quoted? Pathetic!	
Jan 5 2007 	Nice stay.	Stayed at the Cantlie during the NYE weekend. Got a ridiculously cheap rate (US$85) through orbitz a few days before check-in. The rate was good for a queen bed with sofa bed room. The room itself was spacious and we were located on the 23rd floor. The elevators are &quot;european-ish&quot; small so being on a high floor had its advantages when we were checking out since we got on first and floors below us had to wait for another elevator.The staff was cordial and the concierge did try their best to help us out with scheduled NYE event tickets. We were way too late in the game so it really was our fault for not booking our first choice earlier. Nonetheless, they were ready and willing to help out. Can't mention about the parking because we ended up parking for free on the street right outside. (e.g. Saturday after 6pm is free, Sundays are free, and Monday was free because of New Years Day). Yes, you can hear the water running through the piping at times but it wasn't so bad. The room was clean, bathroom was clean, fridge was quiet and operational, and housekeeping was fine. For US$85/nt during NYE weekend, I cannot complain one bit.Why not give this a 5 star review? It is slightly dated and a renovation would be nice. Other that than, I would stay here again for a good rate since it is very close to Crescent, St. Catherines, and the Subway (Peel).	
Nov 11 2006 	Showing its Wear But You Couldn't get a Flop House for the Price in the U.S.!	We stayed in the two Queen bed mini suite in early November. This property is certainly showing its age, but it was a great deal in a great location! The room was very spacious by urban standards and the kitchenette was very useful. We had some minor problems: the TV remote wouldn't work and there were not enough towels. Each time, a call to the front desk resulted in a hotel employee at our door (on the 18th floor) in less than five minutes. In the case of the TV remote, it could not be fixed so the man brought up a new TV with functioning remote. The maid service was adequate and we had no problem with noise whatsoever. Beds were certainly softer than what we are used to, but we slept very well. We did not eat in the restaurant or order room service since there were so many good restaurants in the area. (N.B. the cab fare to the Plateau area of Montreal--North of Sherbrooke on St. Denis--will get you to great and inexpensive French restaurants and bistros). I read the reviews on Tripadvisor before booking and had some trepidation, but I was quite pleased with this hotel. I would encourage anyone to see what hotel you can book in New York for $300/night (I paid CAD$119 for my room); this comparison will show just how reasonable this hotel is. I would highly recommend it to families and travellers. The Ritz-Carlton is one block West for those who wish (and are willing to pay for) more luxurious digs.	
Oct 9 2006 	Good location lots of annoyances	Recent stay at Le Cantile revealed many truths about previous reviews posted here. Yes, there are some minor to severe annoyances that you must prepare for when staying at this hotel. First, the walls are so thin that you can hear the water pressure when one of your temporary neighbors decides to run the shower. However, this sound does provide some nice ambient noise to cover up other interesting sounds, including: other hotel guest slamming their room doors because all of the doors stick and difficult to close; the maids who incessantly knock on your door every 30 minutes beginning at 9 am on the weekends; the old and rundown refrigerators in your room that rattle and hum all night long; and, how could I forget, the 3:30 am crank calls from a drunken group of high school students staying on a diffierent floor. Other annoyances include the fact that there is practically no parking available. If you drive an SUV, forget it, and prepare to pay upwards of $25CAD per night at a lot down the street. The elevators are nice and cozy, so you get to enjoy the sweet smell of the ladies parfum and whiskey that saturates many of the young American guests. Want A/C or fresh air in your room? Go outside, you are doomed to suffocate in a stuffy room with zero circulation. Other than that, I had a great time here. Got ridiculously bline here and the hotel met our purposes. Enjoy!	
Sep 16 2006 	Great choice	We recently booked this hotel online for a family vacation and it turned out to be a wonderful surprise. We booked an executive suite for for us and one child and another room for some friends. Both rooms were very large, clean and very comfortable. The sleeper sofa in the suite had not be made up so we called the desk and within 15 minutes it was done. The hotel is right in the middle of great restaurants and nightlife and just a block from the underground and the subway. The staff were very attentive and one night as we headed out we were handed an umbrella because they were concerned it might rain. There is only limited parking at the hotel for a fee but staf members directed us to a nearby lot that was cheaper than the hotels. Our only criticism is the very small elevators.	
Sep 5 2006 	A Good Choice	This hotel was a good choice for 3 old friends getting together for a little &quot;girl&quot; time. Since none of us had ever been to Montreal before, we had no frame of reference, but went with our minds open and a good attitude. Upon arriving, we were given our choice of floor and view. The hotel was very busy during our whole stay, however, any and all requests we made were dealt with very quickly by the front desk. In fact, when a somewhat minor issue couldn't be resolved, after a number of employees attempted to remedy the situation, we were given the option of moving to an identical room one floor below us or having our bill discounted. Thanks Sam! Yes, this is an older hotel that is a little worn around the edges. We got what we paid for. A perfectly comfortable, clean suite with a nice view in a lovely, safe neighborhood. The bed linens were crisp and spotless. I am NOT referring to the pullout bed with the sad little blanket. We shrugged that off and took turns sleeping in that thing, complete with the bar in your back. Is there such a thing as a comfortable pullout sofabed? I have yet to meet one. The average bathroom offered plenty of counter space for 3 women and all their paraphranalia. It was clean and everything functioned. No, we didn't do any cooking in the kitchenette. We were on vacation after all! But it was great to have to store drinks and snacks and was perfectly clean. Oh yes, we washed out our cups before leaving and certainly were not concerned about being penalized! The A/C was quiet, as were the other guests, so noise wasn't a problem. Believe me, I hear a pin drop across a room! The rooftop pool/terrace was everything I'd read in other reviews. The pool was actually warmer than the air during our stay but we didn't have much time for lounging/swimming. Same for the fitness room. No time. Room service was delivered in a timely manner. I agree with previous posts that the quality of food is mediocre and better can be had at nearby establishments. Overall, our stay was enjoyable, made all the more by the courteous way we were treated by nearly everyone we interacted with in Montreal and Le Cantlie Hotel. We'll be back Montreal...	
Sep 4 2006 	South Jersey to Montreal Great Time	Went with family 7 (me, wife.mom&amp;dad both 80, sister ,nephew and niece) for 3 days, 2 overnights, great location,clean rooms,great front desk service,answered every question we had gave us a map with every question for any location,let us check in early(4 Hrs) and out late(1Hr)no charge.Parked car for 2 nights took cab or walked,staff would call large van for are group. Montreal is expensive but shop around and ask questions for deals.BioDone great place fun for kids. Will go back to this hotel and will recommend it to friends.	
Aug 29 2006 	Don't Stay Here	Okay, I'll start off being nice. Some of the front desk people are knowledgeable. The hotel is in a lovely area. The bread shop someone mentioned earlier is delightful. The pool has a nice view. But I did not enjoy this hotel and I regret taking my family there. I felt as if this is a hotel being run on a shoestring and that it was not worth the price. Here's why: 1. I was quoted one price on the telephone and promised a discount that they had &quot;no record of&quot; when I got there, and they wouldn't give it to me. Yes, I should have gotten it in writing, and believe me I will next time, but I haven't had a problem with this sort of thing in the past. 2. The rooms were more cramped and the furnishings more dated than they appear in the advertisements. 3. The hallways were dark and the whole place just didn't seem very freshened up. 4. They promised a &quot;European kitchen.&quot; Well, then I feel sorry for people in Europe because what this means apparently is a feeble stove that takes forever to heat up, a toaster that goes straight from raw to flame, a refrigerator that keeps foods barely colder than lukewarm, and the bare minimum of materials with which you could cook (i.e; no microwave, maybe two pots, two spoons, etc.). There was just about nothing in that kitchen--it was a really pathetic and miserly collection of odds and ends. Furthermore, I found the note they add, about how they will add $50 if the kitchen area is not spotless when you leave, intimidating and rude. I was nervous because they hadn't provided a broom or anything like that to sweep up with. I tried cleaning the floor before I left with the one rag they provided, but will it pass their apparently stringent inspection? Who knows.5. Everything there seems second rate. They have ONE ice machine for the whole building. It didn't work. They had two washing machines. and two driers. One washing machine was broken. I spent eight dollars drying clothes, it took all afternoon, and it still didn't work. One of the three tiny elevators stopped working for at least half a day. Basically, staying at this cruddy hotel cast a pall over our experience of this wonderful city. If you want a great time in Montreal, stay somewhere else!!	
Jul 20 2006 	Nice little hideaway	Just got back from a nice 2 day visit to Montreal . We stayed at Le Hotel Cantlie Suites and are very happy we did . Its in a great location close to many nice shops , restaurants and transit system . The room we had was very clean and fairly large , we had a bedroom with 2 double beds and a sitting room with a pull out sofa bed . It also contained a kitchenette (built into a closet) that had a fridge , stove and cook top. We only used the fridge , but it was nice to know if we needed to heat something up we could . The only downside of the room was a somewhat small bathroom , a small TV in the bedroom and no TV in the sitting room .We had our two children aged 10 and 12 with us and they loved the pool on the roof , its not big ( goes from 4 to 8 feet deep) but it cooled them off and it also has a great view of the city being that its on the 28 th floor. The only problem I had was not being able to get a good signal using the hotel wireless Internet (11$ a day extra) and after 3 times calling tech support we finally determined it was being so close to the elevator that the metal was blocking the signal . The hotel gladly removed the charge but we warned if you need wireless Internet get a room away from the elevator shafts . The staff were very help full and the front desk clerks were very happy to give directions and went out of there way to help us in any way possible . Overall I would say this is a very good hotel and would return to it on future trips to Montreal	
Jul 9 2006	This is an upscale place more then what I am use to.	This is an upscale place more then what I am use to. A nice place for an extended visit as the little Kitchenette are very nice Great views from the roof top pool. A little pricy after you figure in parking but it is worth it. Compared to other hotels in that area . The staff was very helpful . We arrived very early in the morning although we couldn’t check in we did park just around the corner in order to be able to see the Canada day parade. After the parade we did get to check in early .Excellent location for tourist and close to metro stop . Not to far to walk to the Jazz fest either. We might do that next year.I would love to stay here again on our next visit to Montreal.	
Jun 17 2006	Excellent Hotel and Staff	I stayed at the Cantlie Suites in Montreal from June 15th-17th. The hotel was very nice i thought for the price of the room.(booked on travelocity.com) the hotel lobby is very nice and the bar is very contemporary. the room is quite large. I left a note and the housekeeper gladely left another set of towels and an extra glass. The front desk staff was very nice and courteous. I read a review before traveling, and yes the older manager in the morning is not as nice as the rest. The hotel has an excellent location. previous reviews complained of expensive parking, but i guess those haven't ever stayed in a hotel in a major city.. In the evening, the front desk staff was very nice with helping me out with directions to great restaurants, and metro stops, and great shopping. And as being 18, they still treated me nice as compared to some 4 and 5 star hotels i've stayed at in the past. The young evening manager and other young female desk clerk answered any question i had about the city. The Hotel Le Cantlie Suites is an excellent place to stay and i have no idea why anyone would disagree.. I guess some people are never happy.. I will definately stay at the Hotel Cantlie again in my future trips to the fabulous city of Montreal.	
Jun 15 2006	Nice clean great location	This was a nice hotel. It was clean and spacious, if the furnishings were a bit outdated, they were still in good shape. We did not have a breakfast included in our rates, so we went out and bought things. With a kitchenette (separate little room / closet, which was nice) we could store things and prepare coffee. We didn't try to cook, though!Locally, there were lots of ethinic and other restaurants, cafes with free wireless internet, and shopping. We walked everywhere in Montreal from this location--we like to walk, but if you need the metro, it's handy too. We parked in the attached lot for about $20 a day. However, we could not get the car and use it--you had to leave it for the duration.It's a good location. One suggestion: I booked this hotel for $120 a night as a last minute deal on the Montreal Tourism website:[--]Click on &quot;Last Minute Deals&quot; from the main page, and you get a lot of nice offers.	
Jun 9 2006	People make the difference	My husband and I travel quiet a bit and were delighted when we found this hotel to stay at in Montreal. The staff at the front desk was very polite and always had a smile on their faces. They were so helpful in directing us to various tourist locations that we were unable to find on our own. We especially liked having breakfast on the secound floor level looking out on to the mountain. The most significant thing we noticed at the hotel was the size of the rooms are much larger than the standard room at most hotels. We once stayed at the Chateau Frontenac in Quebec city and you could not open the entrance door with out hitting the bed. It is such a rarity to find a great location as this within walking distance to many attactions and with generous room sizes that we will defiatley stay at Le Cantlies Suites againt.	
Jun 5 2006	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in	We stayed at Le Hotel Cantlie Suites for one night in June 2006 for a bachelorette party and our bachelorette party weekend away which was for rest and relaxation before the wedding was ruined by our stay at Le Hotel Cantlie Suites. I have never been treated so poorly by hotel staff in my entire life and I have stayed in hotels around the world.When we checked in at 1:15pm our 3 rooms were not ready even though I asked for an early check in. Instead of an apology or an offer to rest in the lobby or upstairs in the lounge, we were told hang out downtown until our rooms were ready. Finally our 3 rooms (2 regular rooms and a large suite) were ready, only minutes later we were told that in actuality only our 2 regular rooms were ready and the large suite wouldn’t be ready until 4 or 5 pm. We decided to kill some time shopping. When we returned I was given the room key to our large suite. I unlocked the door and walked into someone else’s room! Luckily no one was there but all their personal belongings were all over the place. I ran into a hotel staff member and told him my situation and he told me “to work it out with the front desk” as he hopped onto an elevator. When I went back down to the front desk, they snatched the key from me and said I should never have received it and they didn’t know those guests were staying another night (isn’t that their job?) So I was given another large suite 4 floors above the other 2 rooms we have so our guests had to be split up which was not the point of the weekend.When got back in the evening we tried to pull out the couch to sleep and realized it was broken but the front desk was more concerned with charging us the extra person charge than finding us another place to sleep at 5am. Another hotel guest offered his room to us because he felt sorry for the way the hotel staff was treating us. Conveniently, the staff couldn’t find all of the policy documents I signed. The hotel would only send up one cot so one of the girls had to sleep in the broken pull out couch which was folded like a ‘V’. Upon check out, I noticed we were charged for 2 extra guests (even though there was one extra guest) and when I tried to explain what had happened the night before with our broken pull out couch. Sam who was checking out another guest, jumped into the conversation and said due to one noise complain that he received, he may have lost business and was not going to adjust my invoice and he basically told me to shut up. I was so shocked and embarrassed that after all the hotel had put me though: rooms, not ready on time, rooms on different floors, given the key to someone else’s room, broken pull out couch, charged for 2 extra people instead of one; I was the one being scolded. Never once during any of the incidents did I complain or even raise my voice. And never once during all my difficulties with them did they ever apologize.I would recommend that you, your family and your friends never stay at Le Hotel Cantlie Suites. This hotel was the worst I have ever stayed in. The staff is incredibly rude and disorganized and they have a policy of you have to wash your own dishes in your hotel room or you are charged $50. I know past guests have just put the dirty dishes back in the cupboards because I saw dirt and fingerprints on many of our glasses.	
Jun 2 2006	Great Hotel for the Price	We just spent 4 nights at Le Cantlie Suites and I was very relieved after reading some of the reviews here. The staff was very attentive and friendly. The room was very roomy, clean and comfortable. We had a 1 bedroom executive suite (for $209 a night, CAD - great price for what we got!) and yes, the kitchen and bathroom were dated but, they were clean, everything worked and we had such good water pressure in the shower, we had to turn the knob to make half the water run through the tub faucet to keep from being blown away. It was like a fire hose but, I prefer that to a light mist. We traveled with my teenage step-son and it was great to have the seperate bedroom and, it really is seperated. We've stayed in rooms at other hotels where they called it a one bedroom suite but, there was no door to the bedroom, or a glass door and that's not what I consider a suite. Le Cantlie also had the bathroom outside the bedroom which was great so we didn't have any knocks at the door in the middle of the night from the kid needing the bathroom. People looking to use the kitchen for more than keeping beer in the fridge and making coffee in the morning should be aware there are dishes (I don't remember if there were pots &amp; pans) but no salt &amp; pepper or anything like that. They did provide coffee and a couple of coffeemate &amp; sugar packets but that's it.We tried ordering from room service the first night but an hour later, nobody showed up so we decided to go out instead and they had no problem with my canceling the order. I think they were a little embarrassed that it took so long. We left a note asking for extra towels and they always left a full extra set. The rooms were kept spotless and we had nice sheets and towels so, apparently they've updated since the person who said they were in nasty shape stayed there. The pool on the roof was very nice. The water was a little cold but, it was an outside pool, in Canada in May. I didn't swim but my husband did. It's very clean, lots of chairs &amp; chaise lounges and a really pretty view of Mont Royal &amp; the Olympic Stadium. We brought a couple of beers (also cups so it didn't look like beer - they have a no alcohol sign at the pool) and it turned out to be THE place for a BYOB happy hour. I have a feeling it's a policy that's enforced only when they have someone getting rowdy or, people too young to drink up there because just about everyone up there at sunset had a drink in hand. The only thing that would keep me from staying here again is the location. Not that there was anything wrong with it, it was walking distance to lots of very nice restaurants, a great bread &amp; cheese shop on Rue Peel called Au Pain Dore (I loved that place!) and a short walk to the Information &amp; Grey Line bus tour stop BUT, if I came back, I'd like to stay in the old city. It's just so pretty and it was disappointing to have to come back to a real, modern city after spending time in the old city. I have to say it was easy to get back and forth. We walked it once and it took an hour but, we stopped in quite a few shops on the way. We didn't try the metro as they said it was $2.60 a person and with 3 of us, it wasn't much more to take a taxi. We never had a problem getting a cab anywhere in the city. We also lucked out with beautiful weather for Memorial Day weekend.	
Apr 30 2006	a disappointing 4 star	We stayed here for two nights. The postives a big room and good AC. Downside seriously dated bathrooms and kitchenettes, lifts with graffitti scratched into the doors and a general air of needing some money spent. You can see why the balconies are locked off !!I would choose somewhere else for the price	
Mar 22 2006	Disgusted by Le Cantlie	I went with my boyfriend to visit Montreal and stayed at Le Cantlie hotel. The pictures online made the hotel look decent. I thought that since it is a 3-star hotel, it can't be that bad. Well, I was so wrong. I was disgusted by this hotel from the second I walked into the lobby. The lobby wreaked like body odor. The staff was annoyed by our questions. The room was in a poor condition, considering that the maids failed to notice the $1 Canadian coin on the floor. The sheets were ripped and had stains. The shower head was very weak, only mist was coming out. The towels had a huge red lipstick stain on it, but yet it was folded nicely on top of the counter instead of being placed in the laundry machine. I am appalled at what I've experienced at Le Cantlie. I've had better experiences at 2-star hotels. I would never recommend Le Cantlie to anyone. The only good thing was the location being in the heart of downtown. Every other hotel on the same street (Sherbrooke) was much better. Definitely book elsewhere, the few extra dollars are well worth it.	
Jan 23 2006	Wasnt bad I would reccomend	We went to Montreal for my bachelor party this past weekend and I must say after reading the reviews I was a bit skeptical but we went anyways.Noow your saying to yourself a bachelor party stayed there must be a rowdy place,just the opposite everyone has to sign a no party policy for your room and the hotel was very quiet.They upgraded my room for free so my room had a livingroom almost half the size of my apt which was nice gave all 12 guys someplace to gather when they were not in there rooms..They couldnt park our rented van in there garage so it cost us 30 bucks to park it down the street. They did however make us aware of this ahead of time..When we arrived on saturday the 2 gentleman that were working couldnt have been friendlier they helped us with all of our questions and were very nice, i however cant say the same for the 2 ladies that were working when we checked out.They seemed like they could have cared less that we were there and i felt as if they were kinda rude. The rooms were nice the bathroom was small and the showerhead needed major repair but the water pressure was very good so thats a plus.The kitchen was alittle rustic looking but i wasnt there to cook dinner so it was just nice to have a sink and a full size refrigerator and 2 tvs. Overall id stay here again and reccomend people looking for someplace quiet to stay the location is on sherbrook just walk down peel street 2 or 3 blocks and voila ste catherine street..Need i say more...Have fun and i hope this helped anyone whose looking to go.	
Jan 6 2006	Outstanding!	We stayed here for 7 nights over Christmas and everything was absolutely superb. Beautiful foyer, spacious, bright rooms, great bathrooms and exceptionally friendly and helpful staff. Best hotel I have ever experienced in Canada.A+++	
Dec 4 2005	Great stay	Stayed at the Le Cantlie for two days and loved it. The location is great. It is two blocks from St Catherine street, the main shopping area and 4 blocks from Crescent st where there are a lot of bars and nightlife. The Hotel lobby is quite impressive and quite beautiful. The rooms are oversized and provide great views depending on the location of the room. You get either a view of the river, the mountain, or an alley. I had a view of the alley unfortunately, however the size of the room and the amenities made up for that. In the room you will find a good size fridge, kitchen sink, and small stove. There is also plenty of closet space. The bathroom is a bit small but clean and well stocked with shampoos, soaps and plenty of towels. The front desk staff is very helpfull, and answered all my questions. I came up to Montreal to have a good time, not for the hotel. However the hotel added to the experience. I would absolutely stay there again and would recommend it to anyone. Its not the Ritz Carlton but its a very nice hotel and the value is excellent.	
Nov 14 2005	You'll Like It!	Spent several days here with a couple of friends. A few observations as well as comments on earlier reviews. Opinions are subjective of course, but we found this to be a super property. Arrived early, bellman stored luggage. When we returned to check in, before we had finished the process, the same bellman was waiting by the elevator with our luggage. When a request was made for bedding to make up the sofa-bed, housekeeping appeared within 15 minutes and insisted on making up the sofa, despite our protestations we could manage ourselves. The valet parking (where do these folks come from who are surprised to pay for parking at a hotel?) attendants were great. Prompt service, directions as required and usually some very humorous comments. Thanks guys.The rooms were spacious and clean. Dated? I suppose. Certainly not abused or worn. The kitchen? Didn't use it but it seemed serviceable, if small. Elevators? We were on the 17th floor I think. Elevators were always available. Small complaint! Only one TV and that in the bedroom. Not good for three guys wanting to watch different games on the tube.The hotel location is great and, if you haven't spent time in Montreal, so's the city.I plan on using the Le Cantlie Hotel again in a few weeks time. I like this hotel.	
Nov 14 2005	A very good hotel	When we arrived at the hotel, we asked for a room with a view so they gave us one on the 21st floor with a good view of the Mount Royal to the north. The room was spotless. Windows are floor-to-ceiling so there was plenty of daylight in the room. The southern exposure rooms looking out to the river must be even more dramatic.They let us check in about 2 hours before the published check-in time of 4 pm. Staff was very courteous. There are three small elevators in the building and that could be a problem at busy times. The rooms have regular keys as opposed to the card access, so we had to stand in line at checkout to turn in the keys and get the final bill. Parking is underneath the hotel at $C16.95 per night. We had checked around with other hotels and they all charge something extra, so no big deal.The breakfast in the restauant was mediocre and expensive. My recommendation here is to have breakfast at any of the small restaurants on St. Catherine St. for half the cost and better service. We didn't eat at the restaurant for any other meals so I can't comment on them. By the way, restaurants on St. Catherine St. and surrounding areas are an absolute bargain compared to U.S. restaurants. Check the menu prices in the windows before walking in.My only complaint was that the tub drain was slow so I was in ankle deep water at the end of my showers.The location of this hotel is perfect. Walk one block to the north and you are at McGill University and the walkway path up Mount Royal. St. Catherine St. is two blocks to the south. Bell Center is four blocks to the south. Subway entrance is one block away on Peel. Peel is the center of everything in Downtown. Access to the Underground is at Stenza's on the corner of Peel and St. Catherine.We booked the room on Orbitz at $108 per night. For the money and the location, there isn't much to complain about with this hotel. If you want tons of amenities and fine dining, don't stay here.	
Oct 29 2005	Perfect Shopping Location	Recently spent 5 nights at this property.The Hotel is well located in the heart of Sherbroke Street,a busy road in Montreal.The rooms are well appointed and very spacious and cozy.The only problem with hotel is the kitchens they are ancient and run down.Otherwise a nice hotel.	
Oct 16 2005	Very pleased with Le Cantlie	I spent three nights in a studio suite on the 22nd floor. The room was immaculate and tastefully decorated (double bed, couch, desk, armoire, tiny kitchenette (microwave, no stove), bathroom with lots of formica counters). Breakfast was not included. Cost: US $114 through Hotwire. Overall, I was very pleased. The Le Cantlie is in a great location (museums, stores, Metro (Peel station). The staff were responsive and very helpful, even giving me a choice of rooms upon my arrival (which was early). Parking seems expensive (Canadian $16.95 + tax per night), but the garage staff were friendly and helpful. (I had a compact car, so there was no difficulty with an oversize vehicle). I had a lovely river view. I would certainly stay here again.	
Sep 19 2005	Awful! Stay Away! Disrespectful Staff!	I checked in at 4 left by 6 the same day. I booked a room for 3 people. Arrived and asked for a rollaway and they assured me it would be no problem. I come back to the room at 6 and there is no roll away. I asked at the front desk and they said that it was not possible to put a roll away in the room due to the firecode and the only way I could do it was to upgrade my room (for $40) and pay $20 a night for the rollaway. They were later rude, wouldn't appologize for the previous hotels staff misteak of saying a rollaway was allowed and were not willing to negotiate or make me feel comfortable. I later booked at the Days Inn on Guy st which was way cheaper and they had a friendly staff and a larger hotel room! The only Cantile has going for it is the location. STAY AWAY!	
Aug 15 2005	Great Experience!	I stayed here with my family - husband and 3 year old son and my parents stayed in their own room down the hall-for 3 nights. We had 2 queen size beds, a desk, TV and kitchenette. It was perfect! I was very impressed when we walked into the room. It was very roomy and everything - kitchen area, bathroom and room itself - was spotless. My parents had one bed, a smaller kitchenette, desk, armoire with TV, couch and coffee table. They were very pleased with their room also. The location of the hotel is great. We also had trouble parking - their was no room in the hotel parking area for our mini van, so we had to park in the lot across the street for $60. We were not happy about that and should have been informed of this when we checked in. We had parked directly in front of the hotel and would have unloaded our luggage then instead of waiting until we parked. We did have quite a wait for elevators - there are 3 of them - several times. We would definitely go back, despite the negative aspects.	
Aug 14 2005	Not the worst Not the Best	This was not the worst hotel I have ever stayed at, but definitely not the best either. The service from hotel staff was not the friendliest they did not make you feel welcome to their hotel. Our room was okay but I had to call three times to ask them to bring towels and sheets for the sofa bed up to the room. The view from the 15th floor was of a back alley it would have been nice to have a beter view.	
Aug 12 2005	False Advertising	After a long drive from Boston to this hotel, we were told upon arrival by a very unfriendly desk clerk that there was no room for our car in the &quot;valet parking&quot; garage because we had a &quot;high rise&quot; car (we were driving an SUV), for which they had only limited spaces (the website said nothing about this). The desk clerk gave us a list of parking garages in the area, and after a 20 minute search we finally managed to park the car. So the first issue is--don't believe what it says on the website and their advertising about valet parking--expect to just find parking on your own. But this was just the first of our problems. Our &quot;river view&quot; room actually faced an alley and a brick wall. Our Air Conditioner unit first froze our room and then stopped functioning. Maid service was erratic--we left three dirty washclothes on the tub and returned that evening to find them still there and no clean replacents. Of our two coffee cups, one was missing by the second day (and when we reported this to yet another surly desk clerk she only said &quot;Don't worry, you won't be charged for it,&quot; but seemed unconcerned about the fact that we were reduced to drinking coffee out of a water goblet). I will say that the location was nice and the room was fine, but there are plenty of other hotels in the area. For me the most disappointing thing was the attitude of the hotel staff; a few were helpful but most were surly to the point of rudeness. I'd say save your money and stay at the Best Western or a friendly place!	
Aug 4 2005	Not the Ritz but not the Motel Dixie!	After reading some of the reviews on this hotel I was expecting something pretty trashy, but I was pretty satisfied overall. The room I was given was huge...the distance alone from the door to the room proper was over 10 feet. The room held two queen beds, with not the best mattresses in the world, I had a backache after 3 nights, but certainly not impossible. The decor was basic and somewhat tasteful with alot of pseudo/dark colonial style furniture. The kitchenette was immaculately clean and so was the room. The bathroom was pretty huge by Montreal standards, very clean and amply supplied with towels. AC was plentiful and operated quietly. Daily cleaning was finished by 11 am. The only negative things were the parking costs($16.95 a day in the hotel garage), corridors that looked old and dumpy and old fashoned key door locks. But if you're on a budget, these things can be quickly overlooked. The location was super, a quick walk around the corner to the Metro, two blocks to downtown Ste Catherine St. and lots and lots of superb retaurants. The staff was very friendly, but were unable to give me an itemized bill so I could recover my hotel taxes at the border, because I prepaid on Expedia. Go figure. I'd stay here again.	
Aug 2 2005	Not impressed...	The lobby was beautiful but the rooms were poorly decorated. Our 11th floor view was of a back alley and rooftop so that was disappointing. Make sure you request a street view. The pool was pretty but filled with loud children every morning and night. The elevators tested your patience and although the metro was very close and inexpensive, we spent $58 (American dollars) to park our car for three nights in their garage. I've never heard of a hotel charging their own guests to park. It would have been cheaper to park outside the hotel and walk since we didn't use our car once. Not impressed and will not stay there again.	
Jun 21 2005 	Good value and good location	Not wanted to spend $300+ per night at the Ritz Carlton for a conference, I did some research and chose the Le Cantlie two short blocks away. This is a converted apartment building that's been recently renovated. I've had two rooms (more on that later) and, while neither were 5 star, they weren't shabby either. The public areas are very nice.I made my reservation directly through the hotel's web site, then began to bargain. I said I could only afford an exec suite (~600 sq ft) but really wanted a larger 1 bedroom suite (~900 sq ft). I then asked if they could mark my record for a free upgrade if a 1 bedroom was available on arrival. They agreed. A couple of days before arrival, last minute rates started to show up, dropping the exec suite to about $130/night US. I emailed again (Stephane, the reservations manager I believe) to see if they would meet that rate. No problem. So, on arrival, I was given a large 1 bedroom suite for only $130/night US. Proof positive that it pays to be persistent and to be nice to people.My suite has a full living room with queen sleeper, small full kitchen, dining table for 4 and bedroom with 2 queens. Not luxurious, but more than adequate.The only problem I've had was with the wireless internet. My first room on the 25th floor had poor reception that would barely receive email. Apparently, the main router is on the first floor and the access points spread across every other floor do little to bump the signal. When I moved to the 8th floor, service was fine.I would recommend this hotel to all but the most fastidious. It's not luxury, but it is great value.	
Jun 2 2005	Very disappointing dirty and old	This hotel looks like something from the 1980's. It is in serious need for updating. The rooms felt sticky and once we found the used condom under the bed that was it. The location was good but we never felt comfortable. The sofa bed was worn out and you could feel the springs in your back. Do your self a favor and stay someplace else.	
Nov 15 2004	Great value for $$	I have read many bad reviews of this hotel, our experience was quite the opposite. For a very reasonable price we got a suite w/ 2 double beds, small well equipped staff and it was spotless. The locations is fantastic and the staff from front desk to housekeeping to valet were very accomodating and helpful with a smile. The is a nominal fee for parking in the garage but it is steeply dicounted for hotel guests. Only problem we had was weak shower pressure, but who cares for a great place in the hopping district of McGill college and fabulous shopping? While this hotel is not great for those seeking luxury it is a very wise choice for the budget/family traveler.	
Nov 2 2004	GROSS HORRIBLE HOTEL	This hotel has ineffective non-working air conditioning in all rooms which puts out moldy air - and that can be a problem in the heat of a Montreal summer because the windows here don't open. This is A VERY shabby unkept hotel with threadbare bed linens, scuffed furniture and old wallpaper which is peeling off the walls at the seams. It is clear that this place is having MAJOR financial problems and unable to maintain itself. So much paint was coming off around all of the windows that there were chips on the carpet around them. It was shocking to think that this hotel is being billed as a an 'upscale one', which is utterly false. There are tiny little bathrooms which are poorly arranged poorly cleaned. Rotting food from room service in 'piles' by the elevator which was never removed. Basically the front desk admitted that NONE of the airconditioning units in the entire hotel worked - and then a representative took me into about 8 other rooms which proved this. Clearly they want to say that they having air conditioning - but on the other hand they want to lower their expenses by offering non working airconditing! Which of course is dishonest to the paying guests. In the summer bacteria and mold grow in the carpets in the poorly ventilated humid atmosphere of the warm moist rooms. The lobby is attractive and is an entirely unrepresentative example of what's in store at this hideous hotel. NOT RECOMMENDED!!!!!	
Sep 18 2004	Go to a highway Motel and save your money!	We stayed at the Le Cantile Suites from August 24-29 2004. Two adults and two children (both under 10 years). FIRST IMPRESSIONSFirst of all, DONT be persuaded by the nice pictures of the suites. When you acutally see them you'll realize they're just an old, dirty room with a wall and french door thrown in between. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if this building was once a boarding home or a halfway house. The pint size refrigerator was dirty and obviouly had not been cleaned in a while. Finally, the bathtub had an obvious soap scum ring around it.HOUSEKEEPINGAs is typical with many hotels there was only enough towels/washcloths for two in the room. We called and asked for more because we had 4 in the room. After about 10 minutes a maintenance person came up to the room with one (1) hand towel in his hand. This experience was to be repeated for just about every day that we stayed there. We also noticed that every time we entered the suite we started sneezing, or sniffling and this would continue until we left the building in the morning to have breakfast.On the day we departed, my wife checked the room carefully to make sure that nothing was left behind. When she looked under the beds we found old toys, dirty socks, used tissues, and everything else that was left behind from past guests, so much for keeping house. FRONT DESK STAFFFront desk staff seem responsive when you speak to them, but don't count on anything actually being done! They did provide me with good directions around the city.HOTEL RESTAURANTDidn't use it as it was little more than the sitting area around a bar, and stopped serving at about 11:00 AM. Lots of nice restaurant in the area, and after the incidents with housekeeping and the dirty bathroom and refrigerator, we didn't really want to eat in the hotel anyhow.WOULD I RECOMMENDNo. Go to the &quot;Sofitel&quot; across the street, or find a motel and at least get what you pay for; but whatever you do read TripAdvisor BEFORE you book.	
Sep 2 2004	Great service good price	My wife and I spent 5 nites at LeCantlie. Room was spacious with the most closets we have ever seen in a hotel room. Service was excellent, especially at the front desk. Contrary to previous reviewers, the windows were spackling clean! Only drawbacks were that the bathroom was tiny and the continental breakfast, although compatible to other hotels in the area, was pricey. We definitely would return to this hotel!	
Aug 9 2004	Great locationgood value.	I stayed at the Cantlie in the first week of August 2004 on an overnight business trip. My friends had recommended this hotel to me and they were right in their assessment. It is essentially a 3 star hotel in a great location with excellent rates. It is really best suited for budget minded tourists rather than for the business traveller or romantic weekends. For the latter I would recommend the Sofitel or The Vogue.	
Aug 6 2004	Good experience	The location was perfect for us. Close to everything. Short walk to the Metro Peel; Rue Saint Catherine, Cresent, all the streets around, the Musee Des Beaux Arts, restaurants, and a coffee shop where my husband and I sat outside in the morning to start the day. The staff was attentive and even when the lobby was full, never was put off by our questions for directions and such. The hotel is nice, older and our room had a balcony, not for the faint at heart, overlooking Sherbrooke on the 26th floor. We had the executive suite because we had our 17 year old son with us. I wanted the bedroom for privacy but the curtains on the french doors separating them were sheers. Had to change clothes in the bathroom. The bathroom is small but clean. Carpet could have been cleaner. Beds clean but not comfortable. When sofa was pulled out, very little space to get in and out of the bedroom. We felt cramped but managed. Fine for 2 people. Plenty of closet space. Laundry room on 27th floor was convenient but isolated. Pool on rooftop was older but adequate.	
Jul 23 2004	Enjoyed Our Stay	Spent 2 nights. Friendly helpful staff. Fairly spacious room done in a neutral color palette. We had a walk-in kitchen with stove/ full sized refrigerator- basic kitchen necessities were provided- no microwave. If you have a preference for kitchen type, they may be able to accomodate. Hotel is reasonably priced for the location and is convenient for shopping, sight-seeing, and dining. We would go back.	
Jun 23 2004	Good value on a package deal good location	I booked the Cantlie via an air/hotel deal from Travelocity. I was very satisfied with the choice. The rooms are very large and quiet. There was a small kitchenette in the room which was a nice touch. We could keep snacks and drinks handy. My only minor fault was the decor of the room -- the carpet was a deep purple color and the wallpaper was lavender. But great views of the park from the giant windows made up for the design in our 21st floor room. The hotel has a small pool on the roof (28th floor) which had nice views. There are only three elevators servicing all 28 floors so occasionally there were waits. Not too irritatating though. The location was near the subways and close to shopping. Montreal is not a very huge, spread-out city so getting around was easy and convenient.Overall, the Le Cantlie was &quot;tre bien.&quot;	
Jan 16 2004	Nice inexpensive hotel		
Jan 5 2004	Gestapo at the front desk		
Dec 23 2003	Cantlie ignorance		
Oct 17 2003	Choose another hotel.		
Aug 30 2003	Would not recommend le Cantlie Suites		
Aug 18 2003	Mixed Emotions over Le Cantlie Suites		
Jun 5 2003	A great place to stay		
May 11 2003	NOT UP TO PAR		
Mar 19 2003	Wonderful hotel		
Oct 7 2002	Le Cantlie Suites...stayed twice		
Nov 23 2009 	J'y retournerais		
Nov 22 2009 	Les apparences sont trompeuses		
Nov 16 2009 	?????????		
Nov 8 2009 	Un 4 étoiles... pour le hall d'entrée!		
Sep 21 2009 	Hotel agréable dans le centre-ville		
Feb 15 2009	Mes remerciements au management du Cantlie Suites		
Nov 17 2008 	Hotel parfait		
Sep 23 2008 	Super hotel		
Jun 25 2008 	Buon soggiorno		
Mar 31 2008 	Excellente situation - Bon prix - Hotel a rafraichir		
Oct 30 2006 	Un hotel terrible		
