Apr 26 2009 	Old School (dated) rooms but ok	I was excited to stay at the Ritz for the first time, but it was really dated. Old floral curtains that matched the floral bedding. The room was small and looked like it was stuck in 1930 during the depression. However, my husband just loved the Bulgari toiletries that they gave each guest. The location was fine and we found street parking which was good. The lobby is really pretty and posh though. It's a bit deceiving though since the room we got was so small, old, worn and dated. However, even though it was the Ritz, we got a great price on Orbitz at around $140 a night (or perhaps it was even less). It was nice to at least try the place out. The staff was very friendly and professional at check in. The only complaint again was the dated room.	
Feb 25 2009 	Faded glory but charming	The Ritz is definitely a beautiful old hotel but in sore need of some renovations and updating. For a hotel in the middle of downtown, why is there no wifi? They do have a connected option, however, that costs extra - about $10/day. Boo.We enjoyed the Bulgari toiletries, the impeccable service and warmth; the location – very convenient – about 1.5 blocks away from the Metro, a few skips from numerous banks, steps away from the amazing Musee des Beaux Artes, a good, flat, meandering walk to Chinatown and Old Town and a bit of a hike up to the Plateau du Mont Royal.	
Nov 28 2008 	Graceful Hotel	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We had a very spacious room and an equally spacious bathroom. The decor of the room was very nice, charming, and upscale. The location of the hotel is very convenient too. We also enjoyed great tea by the hotel pond.	
Oct 31 2008 	Nice not outstanding.	I stayed here for one night in January. The hotel was beautiful, a classic Ritz-style lobby. The room was also very comfortable (however a little small). The hotel is a bt out of date and in need of some repairs and renvations but the service was pretty good. It was above average but there really wasn't a wow factor.	
Sep 30 2008 	Nice old fashioned but well maintained hotel	Nice and old fashioned elegant hotel in the centre of Montreal..We enjoyed our stay, the room was nice and spacious..good bed..only could feel the ..service is very good and I had a great afternoon tea there in Café de Paris..	
Aug 25 2008	Fabulous old place!	Been here time and time again! Great location, right across the street from Holt Renfrew! One of my fav hotels in the world! Classic, Louis decor. Needs a reno though. The suites are gorgeous. Loved the restaurant although don't understand why they closed it for dinner?? The bar is ugly. Guess I will have to switch to the St James!	
Jun 8 2008 	Sad to see our old Ritz close for renovations	We have been staying at this property for over 45 yrs and our families before us. The staff have been there with us and are all so well trained and friendly.It's time for some upgrading but I hope the new hotel retains it's old world charm and doesn't become too expensive.We received a wonderful rate as they were closing but the hotel still had it'simpecable service and style.We look forward to the new Ritz ( with some apprehension)	
Apr 18 2008 	Disappointing Stay	The standard room we had was spacious but the mattress a bit soft. A knob came off the closet which made the closet door hard to operate. From the scratches it appears the knob had been reattached many times but just comes loose just as many times.  Breakfast which was included was average with croissants, jams and such. The setting overlooked a pond with swans but the whole thing looked tacky-- scale wrong, swans unhappy, wire fences... yuks. The location of the hotel was further away from the University and scene of action than many other cheaper hotels but this meant it is easier to find parking although valet service was included.  All in all this is a worn around the edges property that believes it is a 5 star property. But nothing in its amenities justifies that self delusion. At most it is a 3 star property.	
Mar 9 2008 	OK but no 5 star hotel	Stayed at the hotel 2 nights. Old hotel in classic building, but in strong need of renovation - public areas are dated and lobby area have dirty carpets. Room was OK, but you expect more of a 5 star hotel. I've travelled for more than 20 years on business, and if it wasn't because of the name, one would rate this as a 3 star hotel. If you expect luxury and 5 star hotel feeling, then don't go there - if you want a central located hotel, then it's OK.	
Mar 7 2008 	Very disapointing rooms need to be renovated!	Decided to book a room through hotwire to spend a romantic night in Montreal during the week (we live on the South Shore). We were very excited when we foud out that we were going to the Ritz. The Hotel and the lobby were extremely nice and elegant but the rooms very disapointing. Rooms were clean but clearly need to be renovated. The tub and toilet are pink... (dating from 30 years ago). The bed was not that comfortable. Location is perfect is you are visiting Montreal and want to be close to the action, everything is walking distance or you can take the Metro. Parking is 30$/day which is way too expensive!!!. We stayed at the Intercontinental before which was much nicer.	
Mar 1 2008 	Functional and Pleasant	We stayed here for a couple of nights in Feb 2008.First the good ..... We enjoyed the location which is very close to the main shopping areas. It is also very handy for the Metro. Although we had a few issues with the room (see the bad points below) we did - in general - like it. It was large, spacious and comfortable. The bed was one of the softest I have ever slept on - very nice. The staff were also very friendly.Now for the bad ..... Although the room was comfortable, the decor was &quot;tatty&quot; and the room smelled of vanilla from the Glade Plugin that was turned up full behind the chair. However, the most noticeable thing for me was the lack of a kettle in the room. Most hotels give you a kettle, a few cookies and the chance to make your own cuppa in the morning or evening. The Ritz-Carlton, it seems would prefer you to order a $6 room service one. We compromised and walked to the Second Cup a couple of blocks away !Bottom line - So long as the room rates were suitably economical we would stay here again as the good points outweighed the bad ones.	
Feb 22 2008 	Expect less than 5 stars this is a dated hotel	I have stayed at the Ritz Montreal many times for business and experience always the same so I felt I needed to finally pass them along!! 1. poor plumbing (faucets never work in the shower-changed rooms twice). bathtub almost overflowed, I could not get it turned off.2. bad smell in rooms! well great, if you love the smell of &quot;fabreeze&quot; room spray (so strong it was overwhelming)3. room service slow, expensive -not great food 4. bed hard as a rock 5. air extremely dry!!! 6. bad lightingFront desk staff always nice as with concierge but for someone looking at a nice room with the luxury touch this is not the place. I recommend the Vogue around the corner.	
Feb 3 2008 	Needs to be renovated	Upon entering the Ritz Carlton Montreal, it’s easy to imagine how grand this place once was. Today, it’s a shadow of its former self - but not an entirely unappealing shadow. The physical plant still remains grand at its core, but with the most recent renovation almost twenty years ago, furniture scuffs, wall cracks, and outdated heating systems abound. Our room was a “deluxe” room and was large and clean with a beautiful crystal chandelier and a functional grey marble bathroom (the marble clearly thrown up over what is a barebones hotel bathroom). The old marble fireplace in the bedroom had rather unceremoniously been boarded up and while the sheets were of the highest quality, the pillows and furniture was cheap and showed its age. The heat for the room was controlled by three separately controlled units stuck into each window. They must have served as airplane engines in their former lives based on their noise levels. The walls were thin and we were woken up by our neighbor’s alarm clock and television. Service remains competent but obviously strained. One desk clerk, one concierge, and a doorman were all I saw. The concierge also tried to direct us to what clearly turned out to be tourist traps that he had a personal relationship with. We didn’t eat in the dining room, but we did have a cocktail at the “Ritz Bar” which is the product of an awful renovation. Imagine taking the bar from an average airport hotel and stuffing it into the lobby of the Plaza. They also only had two red wines by the glass – certainly not the “Ritz Bar” that many reviews claim to have live piano music and nightly dancing. The “Palm Court” had two palms and the once grand fireplace had been reduced to a cheap looking gas unit. All of these comments must be balanced against the fact that the hotel is now unbelievably inexpensive ($150 a night during our weekend). Plans are underway to close the hotel and restore it to its former glory. I look forward to a return when that has happened since the “grande dame’s” fundamentals still remain strong, even in her diminished state.	
Jan 22 2008 	Faded glory in the heart of Montreal.	For 60 years, The Ritz-Carlton Montreal was the best hotel in the city. Then the Four Seasons opened, and the Ritz had real competition for the first time. Thirty years later, the Four Seasons is no longer a Four Seasons (first a Westin, and now an Omni) and some would argue, The Ritz-Carlton is not much of a Ritz-Carlton anymore. I think that is a bit harsh. While this Ritz is not a part of the Ritz-Carlton chain any longer. . .it was for awhile. . .this hotel was the first Ritz-Carlton in North America, even pre-dating the Ritz in Boston (also no longer part of the Ritz-Carlton chain). In short, a great bit of hotel history and a Montreal landmark of thousands of bar mitzvahs and weddings.What the hotel is today is a bit faded albeit well maintained, but still quite gracious and possessing the best westside location in Montreal--Holt Renfrew is next door, The Musee des Beaux Arts is nearby, and Mont Royal is just steps away. I found the service professional and thorough, if a bit stiff, though if this hotel is no longer a real Ritz, no one told the staff.The hallways are wide, bright and very Ritz-Carlton, with the rooms solid and a throwback to another era. My room, while not large, was spacious enough, with crown moldings, high ceilings, a chandelier, expensive sheets, and a rather thoughtful foyer with a double door to keep hallway noise out. I'm sure the bathroom was among the most elegant in the city in 1969 when it was likely last renovated, but the shower is great, the walls lined in marble, the amenities are from Bulgari, and there is both a phone and a shaving mirror. The bed was a bit more firm than I like, and the armoire was scuffed--if you seek wireless internet, flat screen TVs, or other technology, keep looking. Dated and faded it is, but it is nearly Parisian in its elegance, and singular in its romantic charms.Lobby, public spaces and famed restaurant are still elegant--though food and beverage are notably expensive. Better to grab a noteworthy steak frites at L'Entrecote de St. Jean, a few blocks away on Peel. . .For those seeking exercise while staying here, the hotel has a small exercise room--two treadmills, two bikes--but furnishes free passes to MAAA which is a swank health club three blocks away. Sounds great, though in bitter winter weather, it is less attractive than it might appear at first, given the walk.Disclaimer here--I got this hotel for $75 a night on Hotwire, which is a tremendous bargain. By contrast, a room at The Ritz-Carlton New York is $595 a night, and just the tax on that amount is more than the room in Montreal. So it is not as nice as the Manhattan hotel, but certainly is a noteworthy bargain by comparison. There are extensive plans to renovate and add onto this hotel into a condo/hotel complex. Until those plans are conclusive, The Ritz in Montreal proves a great bargain, an interesting slice of Montreal's history, and a wonderful base from which to discover one of North America's most exciting cities.	
Jan 5 2008	Nice stay at the Ritz	Stayed at the Ritz in downtown Montreal, a few blocks from the Peel metro station which was convenient. Service at the hotel was fine (had no complaints or really any needs to test any real service needs though). I was able to check in early as the room was ready and was able to leave bags at the hotel to pick up later on in the day for an evening flight. Room service does appear to come early as someone else noted--around 8:15am--but leaving the privacy sign on the door solves that issue if you aren't up and out early morning. Room size is good, amenities fine as well.	
Jan 1 2008 	Very good but not ritzy	We stayed three days around new years and enjoyed our stay. The hotel is a great old classy Montreal hotel in a great location, but it is showing its age a bit. It will be closed and renovated at some point in the future, but for now it is a very good hotel, but just not the over the top service you would expect at the Ritz. Hallways are wide, rooms are large and spotless, bathroom fixtures are clean but old. If you get a rate of around $200, you will be very satisfied with the value received. For breakfast, I highly recommend Eggspectation around the corner on Montage and Maissoneuve.	
Dec 31 2007 	old world elegance	this is a beautiful hotel - it feels like old europe- very very comfortable beds- however the food is awful and way too expensive	
Dec 26 2007	Very very pleased	The hotel is an old, charming hotel. This was our first time to Montreal - worst snow since the 70's and had a blast. This hotel was a steal on Travelocity which included the airfare. Based on purchasing airfare separately I would venture to guess we paid just over $120.00US for each nights stay. For a comparable hotel in Manhattan it would be about $600+ US.The entrance is very charming and the location of the hotel is great. I would take the advice from another reviewer and say that you should walk up one to two blocks to find great restaurants. While there are restaurants from within a stones throw, these tend to be geared toward the business/office worker on lunch break. Not awful restaurants, but not impressed.The restaurant at the hotel was most of the time empty, but we found the food very very good and well-prepared. The towels were a bit thin, but would be considered medium thickness. I just expected more from a Ritz.The general service there was excellent. I have never stayed at a hotel where in service food was brought to the room - consistently - within 30 minutes of ordering. In-service food was very good.The beds were above average, the bathroom was clean and the maid staff were very good. One reviewer says, and we agree, to consistently hang the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign outside of the door. Otherwise, it seems that someone was knocking (stock the refridge, maid, etc.) more than most hotels we have been. I chalk this up to very good, but almost too diligent service.The bar there seems like an afterthought, but overall we would most certainly styay there again - especially at that price. To have fun, a drin, whatever - just walk across the street to the Sofitel	
Nov 15 2007 	Good price considering	We stayed at the Ritz-Carlton for 2 nights after making the reservation on expedia.com. We were torn between this hotel and staying at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth since the rates and standards are supposedly comparable, but decided on the Ritz because of its location. With taxes, our bill for just the rooms came out to $324 for the 2 nights, and because we parked (valet only), we were charged another $60.I read up on the hotel before our stay and learned that this hotel is no longer part of the Ritz-Carlton chain of hotels and has only kept its name. We went in with no expectations, though judging from the other guests at the hotel, they expected this place to still be the hoity-toity hotel that it probably once was. Every guest we encountered gave us a snooty look and most were well into their 50’s or 60’s. I felt like we were the youngest guests there and though we were treated respectfully when we checked in and out, not once did the front desk or concierge acknowledge us when we walked through the lobby and never did the doorman open the door for us, even as we walked directly up to him.The hotel has a pretty old fashion feel to it and has very traditional décor. The hallways are long and smell like really strong perfume or potpourri. We stayed in a standard room, which was a good size with a small foyer and bathroom separate from the bedroom by a hallway. Our window looked out onto Sherbrooke Street and let in a lot of light during the day. We checked in late at night and were pleasantly surprised to walk into a perfectly warm room. The heating system works well to maintain the temperature, but it is a bit loud being so close to the bed and I was woken up by it a few times in the night.The bathroom is in some serious need of updating. I actually laughed when I turned on the lights. The bathroom is completely beige: beige taupe tiles on the walls, beige sink, toilet and bathtub. It’s a decent size, but the floor was a bit cold and I was a bit surprised that they wouldn’t have a bath mat. Because of the colour, the bathroom felt a bit grimy, but it was in fact quite clean, which is really important for me when judging hotels. The hot water pressure was a bit low, but now I’m just getting nit-picky. The shower pressure was decent and the toiletries are Bvlgari. Their towels still have the Ritz-Carlton logo, but they must’ve been pretty used because they felt heavily starched and crunchy.We used the hotel’s business centre, which consists of 2 computers and a printer. We were happy not to have to pay to use the internet and the centre is open 24 hours a day. The valet parking was very speedy, and so was the bellman who brought us our bags (it was 1am). Overall, we would stay here again for the right price. I’ve stayed at other hotels in Montreal and the rate is competitive, especially considering the level of cleanliness and the king size bed with high thread-count sheets! The location is ideal and at least the employees weren’t flat out rude to our face. If I had a bigger budget though, I would opt for Loews…	
Nov 6 2007 	Good experience at the Ritz	Normally my husband and I choose boutique or locally-run hotels over international chains, but we got a great last-minute deal on the Ritz Montreal so we decided to take it.Overall I would say it was very good to excellent. Previous reviews are correct--it's a historical hotel, not a hyper-modern one, so don't expect brand-spanking-new. The lobby is lovely, service was excellent, and the room was spotlessly clean and nicely appointed.Much like any hotel in this category, they really screw you on the extras. Don't bother with breakfast--you can do better at nearby Eggspectations for a big breakfast or much cheaper at any of the many downtown coffee shops for a coffee and pastry. The bathroom was probably the part that showed the most age, but it was by no means unpleasant. It just didn't look like it had been recently refurbished. It was very clean, and the toiletries were high-quality. Nice bathrobes, too.I would certainly stay at the Ritz again if I got a bargain. It's well-located (near the Metro, underground city, McGill campus, many restaurants, museums) and quite nice.A hint (not related to the Ritz): Don't bother with the Aerobus service to/from the airport. It's very unreliable, and we might have missed our flight if we'd sat around waiting for the Aerobus to arrive. It's supposed to come every half hour (not to the Ritz, but to a nearby hotel), but we waited for about 50 minutes and none showed up. We ended up taking a taxi. It's more expensive but worth it for the convenience and reliability.	
Oct 23 2007 	My view on the question.	yes, it is run down ..... they are about to redo it. (rates might be redone to !!!)But the bedrooms are large, clean and confortable. Some look nicer than others (I have stayed there several times).The service is at the level of any Ritz Carlton in the world, and that's what I really like there.	
Oct 18 2007 	Really Bad Experience Stay Away	The hotel is very old and everything is either broken or dirty ! Not a real Ritz Carlton ! Not even close. Booked a 1bd Suite and got a cheap motel type of room for $ 450.00 per night ! And by the way, the smellin the room was just like the roach motel ! No concession from the manager at all. They spend 2 hours fixing the shower and the faucets and the AirCond unnit and then said: Well maybe we can give you free internet. ? Stay away	
Sep 26 2007	Don't miss this one!	Don't take the bad reviews seriosly! My husband and I have stayed in some of the finest historic hotels in Canada. The room was large, the bed was comfortable and the staff were professional, efficient and very obliging.Don't miss the restaurant. We had our breakfast, supper and Sunday brunch on the terrace. Beautifull!I'll say it again-don't take the bad reviews seriosly. You will miss out on a lovely experience!	
Sep 25 2007 	Excellent Hotel in Great Location	I booked a superior (the cheapest) room through an expedia package for 3 nights. I was hesitatnt after reading all the bad reviews on TripAdvisor, but thankfully, the hotel is excellent. It is as opulent as one would expect in the lobby and the hallways. The room was spacious, very clean, and very comfortable. The mattress was good, the bathroom was marble and clean, with all the amenities. The location is great although it is more in the business district than the Old City, but it was close to the subway. Overall, but biggest complaint is that the tap water tasted like chlorine.	
Sep 12 2007 	Far Below Expectations	My husband I chose this hotel to stay in the night before we ran in the Montreal Marathon. Upon reserving the hotel and then again when confirming our reservation, I requested a quiet room. We needed to get up early for the race, so quiet and comfort were most important. They put us on the busy street side so we heard traffic all night. At 2:30 am a very loud crowd entered the room next to us and kept us awake until 4:30 am. We called the front desk and were told they would send up security. After security asked them to quiet down once these guests continued to be loud. The walls are paper thin and we could here they &quot;shushing&quot; each other as well as their conversation. The next morning when asked about our stay we informed the manager of our 3 hour night sleep. She apologized and said that she would allow us to check out late and mentioned that something extra would be offered to us at the brunch we were having at their restaurant. Nothing extra was given to us and we were locked out of our rooms after check out time. This place is not what you would expect from a Ritz-Carlton. Also, the bed was as hard a rock. The brunch was nice, but very expensive. Do not stay here if you want peace and quiet!	
Sep 4 2007 	Great Class of Service	Upon reading the reviews posted here, I was a little hesitant about booking my 3 night stay at this hotel because it was not part of the &quot;Ritz Carlton&quot; chain. I can say that I couldn't be happier with my stay...it was by far the best hotel experience I've ever had. Jose, the doorman of 23 years, was a delight and very personable. Pierre, the concierge, was more than happy to assist me and he was a total pleasure. The rooms were roomy and the beds were made so well that I hated to leave them each day...I felt I was sleeping on a cloud. The housekeeping staff were pleasant and very attentive. The location was idea, just a short walk up to Parc du Mont Royal, a block away from the Musee of Beaux Arts, and a safe and bustling neighborhood of shops. They provide high end sundries and luxurious towels/robes. From what I understand, the hotel is going to close down to undergo several renovation projects at the end of this year so I'd suggest everyone get their trips to Montreal in soon as I'm sure the price will more than likely skyrocket once renovations are complete. (I stayed in what I consider this 4+ star hotel for $140/night. Unheard of! I fear I won't be able to afford it on my next visit and now I am spoiled!)	
Aug 24 2007 	Lovely hotel	I really enjoyed my stay at the Ritz Carlton. Amazing location and beautiful atmosphere.	
Aug 24 2007 	A delight: Great location great room great price....	In looking for rooms in Montreal for a 4 night stay - the Ritz-Carlton is one of the best deals going in the city. This hotel is a delight and with what is really a transparant transition in ownership - this hotel is offering some great deals right now. I disagree with other reviewer comments - I believe the location of this hotel is just about perfect - as it gives you access to some of Montreal's best sites.This Ritz-Carlton is the first in North America and as it is a old property there is some wear and tear on the property (some wear on rugs and general age) I believe this hotel is a solid 4 star property but not the 5 star variety that may be seen in other cities.The rooms are exceptionally comfortable. The bed was nice (albeit too soft for me) and the room offered a spacious closet (perhaps the largest I have seen in any hotel) and the room included an umbrella and a bathrobe. The bathroom was well equipped but it was evident by the fixtures that the bathrooms were older - but still nice. The shower offered hot water quickly and solid water pressure. A minibar was also offered in the room - though the prices were very high. The conceriege service was helpful. We had one meal at the hotel - a room service dinner - and it was delicious. Be prepared that prices are very high at this hotel for all meals. A number of cheaper dining options are within walking distance - so would only suggest eating at the hotel if you must.Key Montreal attractions are nearby - Mont Royal park, The Montreal Museum of Fine Arts is two blocks away, the McCord Museum at McGill University is walking distance, the Bell Centre Arena is 2-3 blocks away, and numerous shops. The subway can be picked up two blocks away. Overall, I strongly recommend the Ritz-Carlton Montreal - a real delight.	
Aug 13 2007 	Loved the Ritz	While looking through the Globe and Mail, my husband found a package deal at the Ritz-Carelton Montreal. We decided to book based on the name and the location in the city. We had a fabulous time. The staff was wonderful and we had breakfast in our room each morning. Service was prompt and friendly. The bed was lovely and comfortable. I was surprised to learn that the property has been sold. I hope this does continue to be a hotel. There was only one small glitch; when I looked at the advertisement for the package deal after we returned home, it said we should get three nights accommodation , breakfast each morning and valet parking; all of this we got, but it also list a &quot;gift&quot; for the summer festival. I thought I recalled a gift and I asked at the front desk twice, but no gift. Somebody goofed, but that was not enough to put a damper on our holiday in beautiful Montreal. We will be back, if the Ritz Carelton is still a hotel.	
Aug 10 2007 	Simply the Best	From the moment we were welcomed by the doorman to the time he called for our car and packed our baggage into the trunk we were treated so well. The room was charming -- an elegance of a golden era of traveling. The hotel's principal rooms were opulent. The restaurants were so very well appointed. Our package included breakfast which we had sent to our room. The food was magnificent and special thanks to Luigi who was so very prompt, efficient and friendly in the morning. The front desk staff were helpful and every morning they found me a Globe and Mail. We didn't want to leave, imagining what it would be like to spend weeks on end being pampered. Simply the best hotel in Montreal. It is so close to the best shops (Holt Renfrew, Ogilvie's, Henry Mark Clothing) and the Montreal Museum of Fine Art. Finally, it was all so very reasonable in terms of cost. We will be returning!	
Aug 9 2007 	very bad hotel not a ritz-carlton	Very bad Hotel, the worse ritz-carlton .I a a big fan of ritz-hotel, i travel and stay always at ritz arround the world , but this is the worse. Hotel is old, durty, and night satff very unhelpfull.If you want see prostitution in montreal you just have to stay in this hotel.I met about 10 girls in 1 hour in the lobby. Night room service very bad.This hotel is not a ritz-carlton any more, that's what they answered to me when i complained during the night.The girld told me sir, we are not a ritz carlton any more and stop compare.so you can see...................	
Jul 30 2007 	Loved this hotel!	After reading the mixed reviews of this hotel, I was a bit hesitant to book. However, everything about my stay was wonderful. The room was clean and spacious. The bathroom was very charming with the marble sink and floor. The robes were warm and fluffy. The location was also perfect. The staff was all helpful and pleasant. Overall, this hotel was an excellent value and I would definitely stay again.	
Jul 16 2007 	Taken with a grain of salt	We go to Montreal quite often, most of the time in the winter when most of the wonderful hotels in Montreal can be had at great prices. For this trip we were just going to relax, shop and sip on a few adult beverages and didn't want to pay the $300 plus per night rate of most of the properties we usually stay at were charging. So I ventured over to Hotwire and they had a 3.5 star for $72 per night. When I found out it was the Ritz Carlton, I thought it must be a misprint, until I checked out the reviews. The hotel is not technically a Ritz Carlton any longer, though it maintains the logo etc. So going into this stay I wasn't expecting a typical Ritz Carlton experience, and given the rate we paid I shouldn't have. Here is my breakdown of the hotel;Pros:We found all the staff to be very friendlyLots of in room amenities (free safe, iron/iron board, robes, as well as all the standard amenities one would expect in a 3 star room or better)Very nice towels, and bvlgari toiletriesNice bedding, especially the sheets, and the mattress was quite comfortable although probably getting a little oldThe best part of this property (for us anyway) was the location. It is very near Mont Royal (for a great hike, and lovely views/photos), Crescent St (for the above mentioned adult beverages/nightlife, and close to all the shopping on St. Catherine St. It is a little walk to Old Montreal, but we did the walk to the base of St Laurent in about 40 minutes.Cons:Standard rooms must be really small, I tipped the front desk $20, and she &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a &quot;larger&quot; corner room, room 935 (the hotel has 10 floors) they originally had us in room 315 and this upgraded room was still fairly small (less the 300 square feet)The decor though somewhat charming is starting to show its age, however I don't think a renovation is coming. The word on the street was the investors who purchased the property from Ritz Carlton are going to turn this hotel into lofts/appartments (this could of course be false)No pool, fitness room a little below averageThe biggest concern of this property is the soundproofing, or lack thereof. Even on the 9th floor, the street noise below was easily heard, and we also heard alot more from an amorous couple than we probably needed to. Also there are no drapes in the bathroom, just frosted glass, and the light flooded in the first morning (this was of course corrected by shutting the bathroom door following nights)All in all, given the price we paid we were very happy with our stay. The price, location, and staff more than made up for the somewhat decaying rooms. We probably wouldn't stay here again, simply because we have so many favourite hotels in Montreal, but if price were an issue again and we could get it for this rate again it wouldn't be the worst thing to happen.	
Jul 11 2007 	Enjoyed Stay	I booked our stay several months ago when we decided to visit Montreal during the Jazz Festival. At the time, most of the reviews of this hotel were good. Closer to our stay I rechecked the reviews and I became very concerned that the hotel may have deteriorated due to a change in hotel ownership. I am happy to report that the hotel was very nice. The rooms were very clean, the staff was friendly and helpful and the location was great (short cab ride from Old Town and the Jazz Fest).The outdoor garden dining room was lovely, we enjoyed the duck pond and garden. The service was friendly although at times a bit slow (we had breakfast there every day of our 5 day stay) and the food wasquite good.While this hotel shows its age a bit, it is very well priced. Overall, it was a wonderful experience.	
Jul 6 2007 	Lovely old hotel - but some problems	We stayed at the Ritz-Carlton, Montreal last weekend as a getaway and to catch a bit of the jazz festival. We thought we'd try this hotel rather than stay at the Fairmont/Queen Elizabeth - our usual hotel. The deal was a good one - three nights with breakfast and parking for $599 Canadian - (which at the time was pretty much par with the American dollar. Most of our stay was really great - the room was clean, the towels fluffy and the housekeepers ever-present. The staff was friendly and helpful.We did have one problem - When making our reservation we expressly requested accommodations on a high floor so the street noise or any noise would be minimal - especially during the evening hours. Everything was fine until the evenings when we found out that the main ballroom (which was apparently located below our room) was booked for2 proms and a wedding - a function every night of our stay. We could hear the booming music in our room every evening. When we called the front desk the first two evenings, they apologized for the inconvenience and said that the functions would last only until 10 PM. This seemed reasonable and it wasn't until the third evening when the band was still blasting away at 11:30 PM, that we called the front desk again and asked for the Manager on duty - She also apologized for the noise and inconvenience and acknowledged that this was a known problem; in fact, it is a problem that the hotel management has been aware of for some time.When we asked what time the function was going to end, we were told that the ball room was booked until 3AM. We suggested that perhaps we could be moved to different accommodations,but she did not respond. She did say that she would ask the band's manager to lower the volume. Apparently, she was not very effective because we could still hear the music well into the A.M. hours - in fact, sometimes it even sounded louder. . Needless to say, we had very few hours of sleep that night. The next morning, while settling our bill at the front desk there was no mention of the noise or inconvenience to us. To make matters worse, we needed return home early so we needed to have breakfast at 7:30 AM. Both of our breakfasts were delayed and when they finally came, they were really poor - cold eggs and soggy pancakes. Our waiter informed us that the chef/cook forgot to turn on the griddle so it had not heated properly before the breakfast was prepared. To his credit, our waiter did apologize for the inconvenience and offered us another breakfast selection.We were disappointed in these experiences and needless to say, they really put a damper on our weekend - which was supposed to celebrate our 35th anniversary and my birthday.We have letters written to the CEO and General manager so we'll se what happens. My solution would be to stay there mid-week rather than the weekend!	
Jul 1 2007	Good Quality Excellent Value	We stayed at the Ritz for 3 nights during the jazz fest. We'd read the reviews, and brought a &quot;noisemaker&quot; which gave us rain sounds to sleep by. The room was great - with plush towels and robes, great Bulgari bath shampoos &amp; soaps, as well as cheery service.We parked a block up in a public lot by the Moroccan restaurant, for half the rate of the hotel. We had a great time! We recommend croissants for breakfast at Nocochi at 2156 MacKay St. Jazz Fest rules!	
Jun 5 2007 	Fantastic hotel	We picked up this hotel through Hotwire for only $79!Whilst the hotel is a Ritz Carlton, I believe it is only 3 1/2 stars now. The hotel does have beautiful classical furnishings, but some things do need a bit of an upgrade. Purely asthetics though.The bed and pillows were really comfortable. The room was huge and spotless. They even had some Bulgari toiletries in the bathroom!The front desk staff weren't as good or friendly as some hotels we've stayed at, but they weren't rude. We found the doorman went out of his way to help, to the point of extreme!The location was also pretty convenient Would definitely stay here again.	
May 17 2007	NOT A Ritz Carlton Anymore	First off, this hotel was sold by the Ritz in January 2007 and is no longer part of the Ritz chain. We found this out when we noticed that the lion logo in the hotel is different from those of the regular Ritz chain. As a part of the sales agreement, it was allowed to call itself just Ritz-Carlton Montreal and not &quot;The Ritz Carlton&quot;. The location is great but that's basically it. The hotel is beaten up inside and the amenities are average. I can see why the Ritz decided to sell this property and not overhaul it. There are a lot of other new boutique properties in Montreal that are better and where you get more bang for your buck. The horrible part is that the staff still tries to pass this property off as a Ritz when it isn't anymore.	
May 1 2007 	Paper Thin Walls but Great Location	The hotel looks nice from the outside and it is in a great location. However, the inside was nothing special and there is no pool. Bring your own sodas and water as these items are rare and very expensive. Parking was also very expensive. There are less expensive parking lots within a few blocks of the hotel. The rooms were clean, but the walls are paper thin. You can hear everything in the next room. The staff was nice and they left fresh dates for us in our room. We enjoyed the dates, but thought it was an odd choice. If you do stay here, do not forget to try Reuben’s Restaurant at 888 St. Catherine W. It is a few blocks from the hotel and made our stay.	
Mar 11 2007 	Overall Good Experience	I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton for one night (weekend trip) in March, and had a very pleasant experience. As with most old-fashioned hotels, the lobby and public areas were gorgeous, and the rooms themselves were perfectly adequate, but nothing to write home about, really. Nice toiletries, spacious enough, a very comfortable king-sized bed. The concierge was incredibly helpful, and the staff in general made my stay very pleasant. I don't know that I would stay at the Ritz again simply because I'd rather stay in the Plateau area of Montreal - the Ritz is located in more of a business district. But it's very close to the Metro (Peel station), and so it's easy to get everywhere from here. If you can find a decent rate, I wouldn't hesitate to book a room here!	
Feb 27 2007	Not sure why other visitors complained?	All I can say that a vast majority of the previous visitors to the original, yes number one, Ritz Carlton is that they almost put me off from going.We took a two bedroom suite and yes it is old but that is what gives it all its charecter. The staff were very helpful and the hotel was clean and what I expected from a Ritz Carlton.The only downside was a very quiet bar but plenty of bars in the area to make up for this.Dave from fort Lauderdale -I am use to staying in 5* hotels and was more than happy with this hotel	
Feb 11 2007 	faded glory..good location	have stayed at this hotel several times. it resembles the city of montreal in that it has seen better days. of course that in part is the charm of montreal ( its faded glory ). i stay at this hotel because of its location in the heart of the city. i prefer not to stay in old montreal. its way too touristy. one can stomach just so many t-shirt shops. the good...its clean and attractive in its mid-20th century way. the staff are friendly and accomodating with the notable exception of the often missing doorman. i've found though that a missing doorman is better than the normal rude obnoxious ones that often man the front. the prices are very inexpensive by ritz standards. also as i visit the city often in the summers the a/c is very good which is often not the case in many canadian hotels. also i might add that i had a medical emergency last summer while staying at this hotel and the staff was great. they had a doctor in my room within an hour ( it was not the type of condition that would warrant a hospital visit ). as i was unable to walk for several days i was so glad i was staying at this hotel. they were wonderful providing me with everything i needed. is this montreal's best hotel. no. is it in a great location, reasonably priced and staffed by wonderful people. yes.	
Jan 23 2007	Hated the Ritz!	Our experience at the Ritz-Carlton Montreal was terribly disappointing. The rooms are old and the walls are thin. We had to complain about guests who were having a party across the hall. Hotel security was very slow to react and we were kept up most of the night. The towels and robes looked like the were 100 years old and felt like sandpaper. I will never stay there again. Definitely not worth the money. Stay at the Omni down the street-much nicer!	
Nov 28 2006 	Centrally located easy access close to restaurants/museums	This is a lovely old style building with beautiful architectural highlights. The rooms have the original tall closet doors with 14 foot ceilings. The hall ways were a bit worn compared to US comparable level hotels, but otherwise, this is a lovely way to see a beautiful city. Hovever, I did get a few stares when I entered the bar with children to meet my husband. That is the clientelle, not the staff.p.s. Don't miss the Biodome and Insectarium! Especially if you have children. And for breakfast, go around the corner from the Ritz to Eggspectations! Excellent for quality, presentation, variety AND price!!	
Nov 14 2006 	Great Stay at the Riz Montreal	A lot of positives regarding this hotel. I'll simply list them:1. Location, location, location. Enough said.2. Very good staff. With the exception of an understaffed breakfast one morning, everything was Ritz quality.3. Big rooms. My family of four (two young kids) stayed in a one bedroom suite that was huge. Plenty of room - hardly used the &quot;other&quot; room. Bathroom was big and well appointed.4. Great value. Family package included breakfast, movie (with popcorn - nice touch), welcome gift for kids (again - nice touch), valet parking and unlimited in-room games.I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel and definitely would stay there agin next time in Montreal. All the write-ups around a run-down hotel, at least to me, are very misleading (not that anybody reading this cares but I have stayed in at least 10 different RC's worldwide as well as plenty of other 5 star hotels worldwide). This is an older hotel, no doubt. But it is very elegant and has a grand feeling about it. I remember thinking that as I walked down the hall to my room. That said, onsite amenities were just ok - business center was small and basic, on site gym was small and basic (although access to full-service gym nearby is part of your stay), no gift shop (strange ?) and if I were prioritizing upgrades, I would redo the first floor - the lobby, lounge and dining room could use a better configuration (and throw in a gift shop !).	
Nov 7 2006 	not worth the money !	Hotel need renovation to be done. Not old enough to be called antique, just old enough to be OLD ! Small peach color bathtub. Verry old mattress...you could see it as you entered the room that it was all &quot;wavy&quot;... We had a corporate rate at $175/night and was really not worth it. Go to the fairmont Queen Elizabeth.. it is a lot better..	
Oct 21 2006	Gracious old-world but needs facelift	I agree with several of the other reviews: the hotel has an old-world charm, but it does need a facelift. It's not in the league of the usual Ritz Carlton. But, then again, when they do finally upgrade the hotel, the prices will undoubtedly go up, too. So why not enjoy it for what it is and get a suite for the price of a standard Ritz Carlton room?I found the service here &quot;formal&quot;. But that's not unusual at any Ritz Carlton. One of the other recent reviews mentioned the &quot;French arrogance&quot;. The employees are Canadian, not French. They just speak the French language. Let's not blame the people of France for the arrogance of other people.	
Oct 18 2006 	Wished I stayed somewhere else...	While I was there, I got a chance to see a couple of other hotels. I was there for a wedding and during my trips to the other wedding-guests' hotels I was dissappointed that I had chosen the Ritz. Others would say &quot;Oooh! The Ritz! How posh!&quot;, and I would kind of grumble and nod my head, not able to say anything good.I had expected it to be luxurious, indulgent, exciting, with warm and happy staff, and delicious food. I had chosen it because sadly it was going to be the only getaway I was going to get as I work so much. The rooms, as the rest of this blog-thread says, are tired. The washroom was just surprising. I couldnt believe that a Ritz hotel would not consider renovating them as they look like they have not been changed since the hotel was built. The room was ok, the service was not as fast and &quot;giving&quot; and &quot;warm&quot; as I've experienced at other hotels... it just seemed cold and stiff, and not at all the relaxing convenient getaway that I had wanted... and my room service... the food was cold... my eggs benedict tasted funny... somewhat sour-ish... i think the ham had gone rancid... i was too embarrased to call them to bring it back...For the price, (it was the exact same price for the Intercontinental which was much nicer) I would not stay there again. I would go to a different hotel where I can feel as good as I need to when away from home and needing a break.	
Oct 14 2006 	Great time at the Ritz	Background: Traveled to Montreal with extended family. Booked 3 rooms at the Ritz on a buy-2-nights-get-one-half-off deal, so the rate was very competitive. The hotel was not full. They were filming &quot;No Direction Home,&quot; a movie about Bob Dylan on some of the floors. Our group has 3 rooms overall. Everyone enjoyed the stay and liked the Ritz. Ritz facilities: Based on the reviews on this site, I was a little learing about this hotel. I was pleasantly surprised. No, it's not a shiny new facility, but it is not shabby either. This is a place filled with old world charm -- think chandeliers and chinz. The toiletries were high end. The in room safe was roomy. There was good closet space.Service: The hotel even extended the famous Ritz hospitality to us, even though we were staying at bargain rates. Both kids got chocolate chip cookies (with their names on them) and apple juice delivered to the room. A nice touch. We ate in the hotel only once -- for breakfast. They were very accommodating. They did not charge for the kids and really seemed to take liberties with the menu (giving us way more, not less). We were a big group (but well-behaved). The presentation of the food was beautiful. The food itself was good, but not as good as the presentation. Breakfast at the Ritz is not cheap, but it is a really nice experience and a more reasonable splurge than dinner, I'm sure.Location: The hotel is fairly close to McGill, but is not that close to many of the toursity sites. It's not far from shopping (Rue St. Catharine and the underground city), but Vieux Montreal, the Old Port and the Basilica de Notre Dame are far.Overall, the Ritz is a nice hotel. I might prefer to be more centrally located, but if the price was as attractive as it was this time, I would probably stay at the Ritz again.	
Oct 12 2006 	Not bad but not great	This is a nice property, but definatly not a five star experience. We had a corner room with a fireplace. The room was pleasant enough, but it really needs a makeover. I guess they have not gotten the memo about replacing the old style bedding with nicer duvets. Also, the bathrooms are in need of some work. The marble is lovely but the fixtures are from the sixties.The staff is was very helpful and well trained.We stayed here because of a friends and family rate, so paying $90 a night was great, but it was really tempting to move over to the more up-to-date Sofitel.	
Oct 7 2006 	Old Glory needs help	We stayed at the Ritz Carlton for one night in August. In our previous trip to Montreal we stayed at the Fairmont hotel. Comparing these two hotels one can only conclude that the Ritz Carlton was probably a great hotel a while ago. The style and decor reminded us of a time gone bye, but if you like old world charm this may be the hotel for you. Unfortunately, the upkeep in the room we stayed in could have been better. There are no serious problems but for a hotel of such reputation one would expect more.The staff at the hotel is a mix of French arrogance and great service. The receptionist was very patient and innovative in finding another traveller in the hotel, but at the same time you feel some sort arrogance in their French mentality. All in all, a great experience to stay at the Ritz Carlton but I probably would not stay there again.	
Oct 3 2006 	Faded Grande Dame of Montreal ...	Stayed here with my mother and aunt (we took a room with two queen beds) back in mid-August. The price was reasonable and the location appeared to be nice.The room itself was somewhat faded, as was the lobby. I'm all for character, but even character needs a lick of paint and some upgrades. You got the sense that the wallpaper and covers needed bringing back into the last century at the very least. A few other comments: the outdoor tea was very nice and as we had great weather, very pretty. The gym was absolutely dreadful. Don't advertise a gym and put in 2 pieces of broken equipment and a few sets of weights. Either make people go to the gym down the road or improve your facilities. The bar was very comfy and the service prompt. Check-out was disorganized and clumsy but the concierge was very helpful. Montreal was a lovely city to visit - not sure I will head back - once is probably enough for me ... and the museums just up the road from the hotel are well worth a stop (check out the restaurant in the museum (whose name I've forgotten - museum of modern art? - very good food).The US$/CA$ exchange rate is getting more and more even - I imagine this used to be a very good destination for &quot;deals&quot;. Right now it isn't.	
Aug 24 2006	Beautiful Old Property-Good Location	Was unsure about staying here after reading TripAdvisor reviews. have stayed at many US Ritz Carltons. (The Ritz never returned my inquiry to a negative posting I read in TripAdvisor.) However, in our opinion, this is best location for a city stay. We booked two rooms and stayed 5 nights in July. Very quiet and within walking distance to restaurants and galleries. We easily walked across town to Old Montreal from the Ritz. Very close to the park as well. Is obviously an older building and the lobby is notthing to rave about, but rooms are what I would expect from Ritz Carlton; Large and brightly decorated with first class fabrics and large lighted closets, huge windows, marble and crystal in the baths. The only sign of wear is the bathtub drain. The staff was OK, very French -- but friendly enough. One or two of the staff always went out of their way to be extremely helpful. (But not the level of quality you see at Ritz in the US.) The hotel also has a hidden garden which is a gem in summer! (For business, the public meeting rooms are beautiful.) Compared to the other cookie cutter, high priced large hotel options, (I explored almost all of them) this was a gem. There are other boutique hotels which are new, trendy, not unaffordalbe which I would recommend. And a few charming properties in Old Montreal. But for the price we paid at the Ritz, it was well worth it and very memorable. Would definately not hesitate to recommend this hotel!	
Aug 14 2006	Sad to see how this once wonderful hotel has declined	I wondered why the Ritz-Carleton was the only luxury hotel with space when I tried at short notice to book a suite for three people in Montreal and now I know why. We'd stayed there previously a few years ago and had been most impressed by the service and the attention the staff paid to our young daughter. This time the harrassed staff displayed indifference at best. I'd reserved a suite with two beds with a roll-up bed in the adjacent living room, for which I was paying $540 a night. When I shell out this kind of money I expect to be impressed but the opposite was true. There was no roll-up bed in the dreary and dusty living room, which looked as though no one had been there in years. A few chairs were clumped together at the window and the rest of the room was totally empty. It would be hard to conjur up a less welcoming scene. The two beds in the main bedroom were lumpy but we had more problems with the noise from outside. $540 a night only buys you a third-floor suite overlooking Sherbrooke Avenue, one of the busiest streets in Montreal. So all night there were various vehicles zooming by and when the bars emptied in the early morning hours, we were treated to shouts and hollering as drinkers made their way home. Breakfast in the cafe next morning took an age, not helped by the overworked and generally grumpy staff who seemed to regard guests as a nuisance. When the food did eventually arrive it was good but hardly made up for the 35 minute wait. Sometimes I think prestigious chains like Ritz-Carleton should encourage its executives to stay in their own hotels. That way we may see some improvements. My family certainly has no intention of ever setting foot inside this establisment again.	
Aug 2 2006 	Beautiful!	What an experience; this hotel certainly makes the Ritz name proud! Staff were incredibly helpful, and the hotel was beautiful. We ordered espresso through room service one night at 3 am, and they were all out - they actually sent an employee out of the hotel to buy us coffee! The room was a bit small, but very luxurious. I expected more out of the bathroom compared to the opulence of the lobby and restaurants, but it was certainly clean and served it's purpose. I'd stay here again in a heart beat!	
Jul 31 2006	in defense of the Ritz	the hotel is old and somewhat rundown--but the bed, linens,bath and noise levels were excellent--just what you most want in a hotel. Furniture needs upgrading but for a Ritz--the price is right and the location is excellent. Much better than I feared having read some of the recent reviews. worth the price and I would stay again	
Jul 15 2006	Relieved that recent reviews were proved wrong	We just returned from a three day stay at the Ritz and I cant tell you how relieved I was to learn that I wasn't crazy to trust the Ritz name. My reservations were already madewhen I came to this sight and read some of the recent postings on the tired, dirty, indifferently staffed place this had become. This was our first stay in Montreal and I wanted something nice. Glad I trusted my instincts. Our room was lovely and elegant,bathroom certainly wasn't anything I saw in the 60's and the staff couldn't have been more accomodating. Turn down service was always done while we were still out late, and maid service done reasonably early in the day ( I'm assuming, since we were out sight seeing.) We stayed on the sweet deal package that gave half off the third night, soit was certainly reasonble price. Maybe staying in an old, classic, elegant building isn't everyones thing, but if you've stayed at other Ritzes or Fairmonts or any lovely old place in say San Francisco or New Orleans, you wont be sorry.P.S. Had a great time seeing the sights...what a fun city. We'll definately be back.	
Jul 5 2006	Let's Set the Record Straight on the Ritz Montreal	We almost didn't stay at the Ritz on our 3-night trip to Montreal (Jul 1-4) after reading all of these horrendous reviews. However, after coming to our senses....&quot;It's the RITZ for crying out loud, how bad can it be??!!&quot;...I'm so glad we did stay, and we had a very pleasant experience.Now - to set the record straight: with all due respect to those who have previously commented, I question if they are familiar with Ritz-Carlton properties in general. Historically speaking, the hotel brand is inspired by The Ritz in Paris and The Carlton in London, and is known for it's &quot;old-world&quot; charm, meaning that the decor of the hotel is very much that, as if you've just walked into the 19th century. Ritz properties, while having many amenities, are not supposed to look or feel &quot;modernized&quot;, so to speak, they should look and feel like a historically glamorous moment in time. To cut to the chase, they look old on purpose...! However, FYI - the last renovation to this property was in 1998, so it's not like they ripped off the wrapper last week, either. That said, it's a perfectly charming property in a great location with great service, as it should be at the Ritz-Carlton.All that said, the Ritz Montreal totally lived up to my expectations of a Ritz property. The staff was delightful from the moment we pulled up, and were very helpful with luggage, valet, check-in, everything one would expect. The room was perfectly fine; it was clean, well-appointed, and a nice size for a double bed room. The sheets were fine and of a decent thread count. Turn down service was good and housekeeping did a very nice job each day.A word about the bathroons: they do not look like they are from the 60's, ours didn't at least (rm 306, facing Sherbrooke). The bathroom was fine, nice size, and the the water was plenty hot with plenty of pressure. Plenty of towels, the robes, etc, all in place. The sink was deeper than 3 inches as previously stated. Now, it is not the prettiest bathroom I've ever seen, but it's basically grey and white marble for the most part, and with all of the amenities. I definitely didn't think 60's when I saw it.As far as pricing, the room rates are pretty reasonable (for a Ritz), and as for other things like valet and room service, of course it's overpriced, it's a Ritz! (just like in the States and everywhere else, you should feel right at home, lol).In sum, our stay here was a great experience -- and my friend and I are complete travel snobs, especially when it comes to hotels. Do not be hoodwinked by the others, you will be just fine here.	
Jun 22 2006	No longer Ritzy	Staying there for one night with an award gift cert. I would definitely not pay couple hundred bucks for this room. It's beyond tiring and old decor, I have seen better decor at Motel 6. The wall is super thin, we were put in the last room down the hallway and it's still noisy. The bathroom literally hasn't changed since 1960s. We asked for non-smoking room, but clearly this is not one. Bathroom also smells of mildew. However, the staff is helpful and the location is fantastic. The duck pond was a bit disappointed. Ritz Bar has very limited (and not so great) wine selection, so not sure what the big deal is. The next couple nights we paid to stay at the W hotel, and it's night &amp; day difference. I feel kinda bad for the staff as they tried hard, but this is definitely not a regular Ritz you would expect.	
Jun 8 2006	Ok but it is a bit tired	My wife and I stayed here for two nights in May. We originally booked the Loews Hotel Vogue but the travel agents moved us to the Ritz Carlton at the last minute, which we were very disapointed about as we had reserched the Hotels in depth.The Ritz Carlton has a grand entrance and reception with friendly staff, but we did only speak to them when we checked in and out. When we got to our room we were quite pleasently suprised with the size of the bed and the room was ok but when we looked at the bathroom it looked like something out of the 60's!! For a five star hotel I would have thought the bathrooms would have been updated and modernised. We were also disappointed as the air con did not work. The hallways also looked a bit dated and tired.Don't have the buffet breakfast. It is $35 (Canadian dollars) each and it is not that special. For that price I expected far much more. I would not be at all suprised if you could get a far better breakfast for half the price if you looked. Still can't get over how the canadians/americans force everything on the one plate, you can come back you know!!!To conclude I think you could get a nicer hotel for your money, a bit like the breakfast!!	
May 27 2006	Perfect for Business Okay for Pleasure	We had a fabulous corner room at the Ritz-Carlton Montreal - spacious with a plush, comfortable bed and elegant chandelier. The bathroom was large as well and boasted all the amenities one would expect. Service was fine, but don't bother with the hotel restaurant and bar unless money is no object. There are plenty of dining and drinking options to suit every taste and budget just blocks away. Be aware that this is a historic hotel that has been tastefully refurbished as opposed to a modern, new Ritz-Carlton. It maintains high standards of cleanliness and charming period decor.	
Apr 26 2006	Tired old and expensive	My wife and I stayed here during our anniversary. The hotel is in need of modernization, especially the bathrooms which look like something out of 1960's track housing (the 1960's was probably the last time the fixtures were updated).The staff was pleasant and helpful. The room was ok, but the sheets were cheap, which seemed odd for a hotel in the RitzCarlton chain.Food in the resturants was expensive and not particularly good. Room service was outrageous...an order of coffee (good for about two cups) came luke warm and cost about $30 US.Parking was outrageously expensive as well.The hotel is located in what once was a relatively POSH part of the city, but the City, like the Hotel has seen better times. With some TLC, it could be quite a grand place to stay, but my wife and I found ourselves regretting not staying at one of the other grand hotels in Montreal every time we passed one that seemed bright, clean and modern.In short, for the price, and what you will spend on the ground, you can do better.	
Mar 7 2006 	Unfortunately down the drain	The hotel is in horrible condition, looked never renovated since 1970 and for the same price or cheaper, you can find so much better in Montreal( Loews, Germain, Sofitel ...)Talking with a staff memeber, about the sad condition of the hotel, he told me that the only reason why this Ritz-Carlton was part of the U.S. Ritz-Carlton hotel chain is beacause US Ritz-Carlton cannot open other Ritz in Canada if they don't owned this Ritz in Montreal cause Ritz-Carlton Montreal were the first ever to have the name Ritz-Carlton hotel (in 1912) and has the exclusivity in Canada. Also, Ritz US have problems with the owner of Ritz Montreal that dosent want to put money in the hotel to renovate to keep up with Ritz US high standards. So Ritz US canot really let go the Ritz Montreal and the Ritz Montreal owner knows that, so they are &quot;playing&quot; like that, leaving the customer to a ugly old hotel. That staff member alos told me that the former general manager did renovate one bathroom as a model for further renovations and the owner was so mad about spending money for this, that he fired the general manager. The owner apparently has other buisness not related to hotels and uses the Ritz Montreal to loose money so he dosent pay taxes at the end with his other buisness. So beware if you plan to stay their, the owner dosent give a [--]about his guest/hotel so it will reflect in your satisfaction.	
Feb 7 2006	OK not great.	This is easily the most down-market Ritz-Carlton I've ever stayed on. It reminded me of one of those dowdy hotels you see around train stations in London.Fortunately, the room was commensurately priced so I feel I got what I paid for, nothing more, nothing less.The one outrageous price was hotel parking. C$30/day! The only time where I remember paying more is at the Time-Warner building in NYC. If you stay at this RC because it's a good value, don't blow your savings on hotel parking. There are lots of parking garages in the neighborhood that are probably a lot cheaper.	
Feb 4 2006	The Ritz is Old World Class	We stayed for one week for our honeymoon. The service was outstanding and the staff were pleasant and friendly. Lise in concierge was great, as well as Joseph and Luigi who was nice enough to surprise us with fresh baked cookies and chocolates. The hotel staff were very accomodating and each time we asked for something we got it with a smile. The room itself has antique furniture and and old world class, the Montreal Ritz was the first one ever built...it has a nice ambiance. The bathrobes and towels were warm and the slippers were toasty. They have very nice room service and their hamburgers are delicious. The only real improvment I could see is that the TV did not have any free movie channels. Overall, the hotel was romantic and we would stay there again.	
Jan 8 2006 	Not up to Ritz par	I had to stay at this hotel one night in January for a business conference (my company chose it). Although it is a nice place with nice staff, I was dissapointed in my room. The heater would not stop pumping heat, even when I turned it down to 66 degrees. When I wanted to take a shower or wash my hands, I had to run the water for literally 5 minutes to get hot water. There were 3 phones in the room (weird) but no phone book. The guidebook in the drawer that described the services that the Ritz offered was generic and not specific to that hotel (i.e. it mentioned a gift shop and this hotel didn't even have one). The beds were nice with nice pillows, but the arm chair was pretty shabby. It wasn't all bad, though. Everyone was nice, there was excellent lighting and room in the big bathroom. Turndown service did a good job. All in all, this place doesn't live up to other Ritz Carltons, it is more like a Sheraton.	
Jan 7 2006	The Hotel Needs Work	My partner and I were guests of the hotel from November 10-14, 2005. This was our second visit to the Ritz in Montreal (see my previous review titled &quot;A Gracious Experience&quot;), and we have previously stayed at the Ritz in Washington D.C. multiple times and once at Buckhead (Atlanta). In December 2005, we were guests of the Ritz-Carlton Rose Hall in Montego Bay. I note these travel experiences for the purpose of context and because several reviews here opine that the Ritz Montreal is not up to the standards of the chain. We had a rate of $190.00 plus tax, which included valet parking and the American breakfast for two. The menu price for the American was $25.00 per person (juice, choice of eggs or griddle cakes, choice of sausages, bacon, or ham, garnished with potatoes and tomatoes, coffee, tea and a lovely basket of croissants, muffins and pain au chocolat). Parking in many Montreal hotels can run $20.00 - $30.00. We considered the rate outstanding value. The hotel is most definitely showing its age and is in serious need of refitting. Our suite, although not the impressive salon that we enjoyed on a previous visit, was still a nice size and well outfitted. The linens, bedding, toweling, robes, and toiletries were all to the Ritz standards. The bathroom, however, was a disgrace: peeling paint, stained wallpaper, a large mirror that was missing silver in many places, several cracked tiles, and a chipped enamel-over- steel sink. Similalrly, the maintenance of the dining room was poor: the windows were filthy with finger and hand prints and grime, the wall sconces were ALL askew, and the walls and wood trim were chipped and scratched.Since our last visit, the Universal-type weight machines in the gym has been removed, and only free weights, two treadmills, one step machine, and a bike were available.We also were put off by a large number of children and adults who were not registered at the hotel but were attending an audiiton. Many of these hopefuls filled the lobby and their presence diminished the Ritz experience. The service in the restaurant, bar, and at the front desk was still pleasing. Once again, we were delighted with the concierge. Tommy secured reservations at our e-mail request at two restaurants on the dates and times that we requested, even though they were heavily booked.As for comparisons to other Ritz hotels: This is difficult because the hotel is significantly older than the others at which we stayed. In terms of upkeep, I'd have to say that it is the worst. Not up to Ritz snuff. In terms of service, it comparable to the others, with the exception of Rose Hall, which is by far the very best hotel at which we've ever stayed anywhere. However, Rose Hall is a resort and, hence, comparisons are not fair. Interestingly, we are considering a possible trip to Philadelphia in August and a brief survey of reviews of the Ritz-Carlton there indicates that, at least in the in the minds of some, that hotel is not up to Ritz standards. We sould still return again if we could secure a good rate. The location is terrific, the hotel has clout with restaurants and other businesses, and there is a certain old world charm to the place.	
Dec 12 2005	Ritz- fine for the price	Trying to decide where to stay in Montreal can be difficult given the number of luxury hotels. Despite reading bad reviews of the Ritz, we decided to stay there over the Hotel St James, Hotel Nelligan or the Loews Vogue because of the price they gave us for a junior suite. Things were not perfect upon our arrival, after an 8 hour drive from Boston, in a snow storm. The woman at the front desk was not very helpful. I had requested a king suite, non smoking, high level. Our room had 2 queen beds, was on the 3rd floor and had a smoke smell. We were too tired to move or requst another room. In the end, the room was large, the smoke smell disipated and the bed was to die for.  It was holiday party time at the Ritz and the dining room was closed both Friday and Saturday nights. Certainly an inconvience for Friday night after our 8 hour drive. On a positive note, the bar was fun and lively, staff very nice, room service ok except for very cold toast ( $ 16) and the location was perfect. Would I stay at the Ritz again, maybe. It would depend on the rate which was very good for a hotel in Montreal. Loved the city, the food, and the beautiful holiday spirit of the city. We even found a wonderful non smoking French restaurant in Old Montreal!	
Dec 9 2005 	Wonderful hotel at these prices	This is one of the traditional grand hotels and an incredible bargain considering the level of service. I regularly travel to New York and Chicago and other major US cities, as well as Canada and can compare this hotel to others in its class. I agree with some reviewers that the rooms are a bit worn or natty in places. And I mean &quot;just a bit&quot;. Also, the plumbing fixtures and the A/C were just ordinary. But this is comparable to other old hotels I've stayed in. If you need an immaculate neat room, you need to stick with high end chains and you will pay much more for them. The level of service at the Ritz-Carlton was quite good. The daytime doorman was a bit stonefaced but I would overlook that for the high level of interest we received from everyone else. One of the things I like about older hotels like the Ritz Carlton is that they have real furniture, like solid wood chairs and side tables. Even the old fashion marble tile in the bathroom harks back to a kind of elegance not found in hotels in urban downtowns.We looked in the Ballroom lobby and Ballroom of this hotel, and they are stunningly elelgant. Beautifully appointed throughout. Look at the ballroom in a Hyatt or Westin. They're pathetic. The only hotels I've stayed in that compare with the Ritz-Carlton are the old CP hotels, like the Frontenac, Laurier and Empress. A handful of similar places survive in New York, Boston, Chicago and San Francisco. I travelled with two business companions and all three of our rooms were standard rate and were quite nice. I was on a smoking floor and it was too smokey smelling for me, but until Montreal realizes that, in general, they need to crack down on smoking in public places, this will be a problem in nice hotels and restaurants. Overall, for the current cost of staying at the Ritz-Carlton Montreal, it's an excellent choice for anyone who appreciates old style hotels.	
Nov 23 2005	Beautiful hotel excellent service rooms need reno	I stayed at the Ritz on this trip to Montreal, got a grear corporate rate. Based on some of the reviews, I was expecting a hotel using its name to make money. I was impressed with it however. Yes, the rooms are out of date (the desk in mine had to be at least 40 years old)... but everything is there. (except a coffee maker...) They only seem small because of the design, I found them fairly spacious for a vintage hotel. The high ceilings help with that. I notice someone mentioned the heaters a la Motel 6 - keep in mind this hotel opened in 1912, central heating didnt exist back them, it was likely radiators that were later replaced by a wall/window unit. There are more modern hotels for the same (or less) money in Montreal, but there is a special feeling about the Ritz. Palatial, majestic... good words to describe the rooms. The service is top-notch, I'm pretty sure I was checked out by the general manager as well. I will come back, only if I get a decent rate tho.	
Nov 1 2005	Outstanding hotel staff rooms just okay	Spent 4 days at the Ritz Carlton. The hotel is very close to the best shops in Montreal and good restaurants nearby. I stayed in a deluxe room that was spacious but I was slightly disappointed. Here's why:Bed - comfortable but the comforter could have been thicker and warmer.Antique Dresser - You had to wobble each draw in order to open and close.Overall condition of Furniture - Everything had nicks on it. I guess that is expected with antiques but I was not impressed.Bathroom - Shower, tub, and commode needs replacement. Everything looked worn out and the shower rod was slightly rusted. The water pressure was a little weak. Towels, soap, shampoo all outstanding.Carpet, ceiling, walls - okayRoom Service - Fantastic, great food and service I paid $170US not including hotel taxes and that is great for a Ritz Carlton. However, since Montreal is still relatively inexpensive I would try another hotel first before I stay here again. If I could not find a better deal, I would come back because the staff is exceptional!	
Oct 12 2005	Great hotel OK rooms	Just stayed at the Ritz Montreal. Our room was small and dated. The desk chair had stains on it, and the lighting in the bathroom was poor. However, the room and bath were immaculately clean. I'm a neat freak, and there was not a stray hair or any other usual hotel nuisance in sight. The concierge was helpful, but I agree with other users that the bellman could be replaced. I don't think he ever said one word to us-not the usual Ritz service. No one ever greeted us by our name, and the conceirge didn't remember us even though we went to him three nights in a row for dinner suggestions. That seemed to deviate from the usual level of Ritz service. However, we had high tea one afternoon, and spent a few evenings in the hotel bar, and found both to have good service and to be very pleasant. The only drawback is there are smokers everywhere, but that's Montreal in its essence. I think you would have a nicer stay at the Sofitel or W in Montreal, but not for the same price as the Ritz. We got a good deal on our room, so overall we were pleased with our stay.	
Oct 6 2005	Not Great	I went to Montreal to visit relatives with my family and I did not enjoy the Ritz so much. For starters, the bathroom had a leaky faucet and the leak where the water came out was black. Second, the price of the hotel was outrageous! Completely a rip off for a hotel of such an iffy caliber. Third, I've been to the ritz before, and it was only til now that I realized all the flaws. Fourth, the wndows were so weak I couldnt get to sleep from the noise. Literaly!	
Sep 27 2005	a great stay	My husband and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton for 2 nights and loved every moment. They upgraded us to a junior suite with a whirlpool tub. The room was enormous with beautiful crown moldings, canopy bed, jacuzzi tub etc. This was the 1st Ritz and is much different since it is a historical building. I like the design of the hotel though since evey room is different and not the same cookie cutter set up you get with some Four Seasons and Ritzs. Front desk, bar staff, and wait staff were very polite and accommodating. Door man always present and pleasant for directions, cabs etc. Did not deal with concierge, so I can't comment there. We had nothing but good service at the hotel. The delightful breakfast garden did have quite a wait, but the hotel was full while we were there, and it was worth the wait on a sunny morning. If you can afford to go for a slightly better than standard room, it will be worth it. I did hear the standard rooms were very basic and disappointing, but when rooms at a Ritz start from about 150 CAD, you still can't complain!	
Sep 6 2005	Wouldn't stay here again	Of course I've developed a certain expectation based on previous stays and various Ritz Carlton's. This is definately the worst one that I've stayed at. The rooms are very outdated. The bathroom was very dingy and needed to be remodeled. There is also a nightclub somewhere nearby that you can hear and feel at night from the 6th floor. That was very annoying when we tried to go to bed. In addition, the beds and pillows were not very comfortable. The staff was nice enough, although the conierges seemed a little rude. The location was pretty good. Close to shopping and the Metro - pretty central.	
Sep 4 2005	Booked dispite some of your previous reviews	We were somewhat concerned , after booking the Ritz at a promotional Rate, based on some of your reviews.The staff was incredible. Helpful, pleasant and willing to serve. Room was delightful. Water pressure was a little less then I prefer ( the only concern)Parking a little pricey.Overall a great stay at a grand Hotel.	
Sep 2 2005	Much better than other reviews here indicated	We originally booked the Omni in Montreal in favour of the Ritz based on negative reviews on this website.When we arrived at the Omni, the room was smelly and dirty so we went with the name we can always trust. The Ritz CarltonContrary to postings here the staff were extremely friendly and courteous, and always willing to help and offer advice on restaurants and things to do.This hotel is definitely worthy of the Ritz Carlton name and is on a par with others that I have visited.	
Aug 11 2005	A Great Choice	We traveled with a 2 month old and a 2 year old and coming back to the Ritz every afternoon was such an oasis. We stayed in a deluxe suite on the 8th floor for 5 nights. The room was clean, large and elegant. (No carpet issues like others have mentioned) The hotel staff were very attentive and the concierges were life savers. This is an older Ritz without the amenities of some of the other Ritz properties but it was clean, relaxing and most importantly had the level of service you expect. I recommend this hotel and most definitely would stay there again.	
Aug 8 2005	Overrated	We spent a long weekend at the Ritz in Montreal at the end of July. It was not up to the standard of other Ritz hotels we've stayed in. The corner room was okay although it seemed the interior decorator had forgotten one side of the room. The bathroom was marble but small and dark with grout peeling from the tiles around the sink. The staff was responsive to questions but no one went out of their way to be helpful. The doorman was usually absent. Food was not available after 11 p.m. in the lounge/bar which was disappointing and a glass of so-so wine was $15.00. The much hyped afternoon tea was only okay. We've had much better in other places in Canada and at $34 per person it was pricey for the quality. The hotel is located four blocks from the nearest metro station and then four stops to the hub where a change of trains is required to go on to the Old Town and Old Port sections of the city where many of the tourist attractions are located. It's only one metro stop to McGill so it is fairly convenient for the college if that's the reason for your stay. But, otherwise, it's a long commute and if it's at a time when people are traveling to events it will likely be done standing up hanging on to a pole. Montreal is an attractive, cosmopolitan city. We'll definitely return to Montreal but we'll find somewhere else to stay.	
May 21 2005 	An unimpressive Ritz	I spent 6 nights here on business in a dark and cramped Jr Suite. On a non-smoking floor they allowed smoking, including cigars in small conference rooms and the smell premeated the entire floor. Staff was stuffy and the looks they gave customers they felt were under dressed or whatever was distainful and condesending. The doorman was absent as often as not. No pleasent &quot;Good morning!&quot;, no &quot;Welcome back!&quot;, nothing. The windows in the rooms were very small, making them dark and uninviting. The rather ugly, heavy, lifeless, formal decor did nothing to enliven them. The bath was large and possibly the best thing about the the entire hotel experience. Beds were good and housekeeping above average. Room service was friendly, but food only average. For a jr suite, the room was only the size of a large regular hotel room. Overall, very unimpressive for a Ritz hotel and I've stayed in a few. I travel to Montreal often and this was my first - and last stay here. i don't need to pay well and be treated badly. Montreal has way too many good hotels to waste your money here.	
May 18 2005	A little disappointed	I stayed at the Ritz Montreal with friends during Easter weekend, it was my first time to this location. Staff/Service:Arrival and check-in went without a hitch- car was valet-parked and the front desk offered us a room right away, even though we were early for check-in. The staff was a little cold, but hospitable. At times during our entrances and exits from the hotel, bellmen were not at their posts. Location:Very convenient- walking distance to Crescent St, shops on Sherbrooke, McGill University, &amp; St. Catherine St. Limited parking is available on the street, parking garages &amp; lots are abundant and inexpensive, valet parking is offered by the hotel. It's also right around the corner from my favorite breakfast place in Montreal, Eggspectations, so that was a bonus.Hotel room and lobby:Definitely has seen better days- I'm surprised this property is still considered part of the Ritz network, with their supposedly high standards. Carpets are worn, walls are faded, lights are dim. We stayed in a junior suite- both rooms are generous in size but the furniture sagged from many years of use. The bathroom is old and lighting is not great, but everything worked. We had to request additional towels, as only 2 were provided for 4 people staying in the room and they were brought promptly. If you are in the Ritz system, they capture all your preferences i.e. down blanket, chocolate covered strawberries upon check-in, turndown service, etc. These services were completed by this hotel so it was not like they abandoned the Ritz service philosophy; however, it is definitely not as opulent as other properties.All in all, an ok stay but not great. It is fine if you are just looking for a place to stay for a couple nights and for convenience, but if you are looking for luxury, I would look elsewhere.	
May 12 2005	Great 2Nights	I HAD a flud , and knowing montreal by heart , I was super happy to have chosen the Ritz for these two night , it started as a Bad dream , thanks to the Ritz and there exceptional service and beautifull rooms it ended as The best two night of sleep i had for a long time.THANKS.Samer.	
May 11 2005	Great Staff and Service	i stayed at the Ritz Carlton in May of 2005. I went there with my girlfriend, in order to have some fun, going to bars and shopping. I had called Jonathon Terninck (Guest Recognition Manager) and told him that i was 20 yrs old, staying at the Ritz Carlton and asking him if he could see past my age, and treat me like a 50 yr old executive. (i have previoulsy stayed at other Ritz Carlton's, and the staff was very rude to me). He said that he wouldnt treat differently than others. He was right. Jonathan helped me every step of the way: he gave me directions, gave me good pointers where to eat and shop, and where to find the best, classiest bars on St. Catherine St. The Ritz Carlton all in all was a great experience. The Hotel was extra clean, with perfect rooms. The amenities were great. My shoes were shined (complimentary), the room service was always prompt and well served. Parking was a relief and without a hazzle. I knew my car was safe in the underground, security gated parking lot. Concierge was also excellent. Tommy was a great help when it came to getting Museum tickets and directions around town.Tea time was also a great experience. The Ritz Carlton is renowed for their tea-time. Once again, this was a great experience. the Ritz Carlton Montreal exceeded my expectations.	
May 3 2005	So Very Family-Friendly	Travelling with two young boys - ages 6 and 1 is not always easy, but the staff at the Ritz-Carlton in Montreal made us feel so welcomed and spoiled. Upon arrival at our room there was a plate of large chocolate chip cookies personalized with their names written in chocolate icing, a gift bag with soft toy lions and a crib that looked as luxurious as our king-sized bed. In the evening a special bathrobe was presented for our 6 year old's use and rubber duckies to play with at bathtime. There was even a safety kit with night light, thermometer, Infant's Tylenol and band-aids. I was quite pleased at how family-friendly the hotel is. The perception that this is a stuffy, formal institution was shattered. Ritz-Carlton, Montreal is warm, eager-to-please, efficient and reliable.	
Apr 20 2005 	Very dissapointing.	I expected the Ritz to be luxurious in an old-fashioned way and to have excellent service. It wasn't luxurious and the service was terrible. The place is old and dilapidated and the staff was useless. The rooms were decorated badly and the bathroom was one of the worst I have ever seen. Looks like someone re-made it in the early 1980s and it belongs in a fifty dollar-a-night motel. Also the food was exceptionally bad yet expensive. I had a mediocre hamburger, French fries that had been frozen and a glass of wine and my charge was almost $100 CAD. It seems that the reason the rooms are reasonably price is because they make all their money on room service. The price before tax for a room was very cheap at $139 CAD. My room service charge for the above mentioned hamburger and a bagel and juice in the morning was $170 CAD! The next morning I checked out and stayed at a lovely boutique hotel called the St.Paul hotel. I do not recommend the Ritz to anyone and I would never ever stay there again. I would never ever stay there again.	
Jan 4 2005	This Place Sucks!	This hotel is a genuine piece of crap! I have stayed at some bad hotels and while this is not the worst I have ever seen it is pretty bad! This has to be the worst Ritz-Carlton in existance. I would suggest burning this hotel down before staying at it. The rooms suck, there is no gym or pool. The staff are bunch of stuck up French JOs who think they are superior in some way to their American guests that are paying their salaries. The wall paper was falling off the walls in my room and my friends were staying in a room where they received a breakfast menu from housekeeping that had the pages stuck together by chewed bubble gum! When we called the front desk they acted like it was no big deal and sent one up later when they got around to it. I grabbed a cup of coffee with friends in the lobby while waiting for another guest, when we went to leave I was nearly sacked by the bartender to get my room number to charge me, 12 cnd for three cups of coffee (no refills) at the Ritz-Montreal. I told the bartender this was the first hotel I had stayed where you cannot get a free cup of coffee in the morning, respose: a roll of the eyes. The food in the hotel was bad, we placed a room service order; of course when it came up it was the wrong order and we were told that we were mistaken and this what we ordered. I purchased a 1-day in room ethernet internet connection for 12.99, I was charged for it four times at checkout. They actually billed me for more internet hours than hours we spent as guests!This place is horrible, I would suggest one of the trendy boutique hotels in Old Montreal!	
Dec 31 2004	Great Place at a Great Price	Just spent four nights here in between the holidays and was thrilled. I'm taken aback by some of the comments on this site, I found the rooms beautifully furnished, large and filled with old world charm. Some areaas could be spruced up, the elevators are abit worn and outdated, but the amenities make up for it. The staff was outstanding and extremely knowledgeable. When I arrived I had a letter waiting for me from guest services wishing me a pleasant stay, also a message on the phone wanting to know if my room was in order and to my liking. Complementary coffee service was available each morning in the lobby as well as afternoon hot chocolate. Turn down service each nite, with chocolate on the pillows, was adelight, as well as complimentary shoe shine each evening. The hotel was small, probably the smallest in the Ritz tradition, but the price at 125 a nite was a steal. For the fitness hound, avoid the exercise room, opt for a free pass from the front desk for the huge exercise facility a block away on Peel Street, it was terrific.	
Nov 22 2004	Perfect location 	We just returned from the Ritz Montreal: the hotel is lovely, the bar great and restaurant esp. for Breakfast and/or Afternoon Tea. The location is perfect for upscale shopping &amp; museums. The service is suberb - actually better service than the Ritz in Maui. Remember this is a Historic Property not a brand new Marriott! We loved it and would return. I can not believe people could rate this hotel below Above Average unless they have a personal gripe against the Ritz!	
Nov 19 2004	Not worth the price	My first impression of the Ritz-Carlton wasn't the best. My bag was very heavy and I was struggling to get up the couple steps out front and open the door - while the doorman stood inside the hotel watching me. Another doorman, conversely, could not have been more helpful. That seemed to be the way it was at the Ritz. The staff was very inconsistent. Some would go above and beyond to help. Others would just say, I don't know - and walk away. Not what I was expecting from this hotel. The room was beautiful, but the carpets in the common areas desperately need to be replaced. I think they're beyond cleaning. Don't think I'd stay here again.	
Nov 18 2004	Good Location but the corridors need a bit of work	Love the location and the old world charm of this hotel. However, the hallways are in need of some touch ups. The carpets were worn and for what they charge these details should have been fixed years ago. The rooms are nice, but get a room that doesn't face St. Catherine's St. it is very noisy.	
Oct 23 2004	Not that Great	The hotel rooms are not updated, they are boring and blah. For what you pay I expected much more.The front desk is way too small and carpets in hall ways need changing or cleaning. I would not return.	
Oct 12 2004	I expected more...	My wife and I stayed at the RC-Montreal over the Columbus Day weekend (Thanksgiving weekend in Canada) to celebrate our 12th anniversary. All in all we did enjoy our stay but a lot of the criticisms that others have voiced are fairly accurate. The hotel does need updating as the facility is outdated. That said, we have nothing but positive things to say about the staff. From the doorman to the valet to the housekeeping; they were very pleasant and professional. We thoroughly enjoyed the Jardin restaurant. Price-wise, it's expected that everything costs more at this hotel so we were not at all shocked. Any person staying at any RC should not be surprised at the $. Conversely, our room rates were very good. Would we stay at the Ritz at our next visit?? Maybe.	
Aug 30 2004	Loved the Ritz	Our wonderful experience began with the nice lady who took the reservation. I asked for an early check-in and when we got there at 1:00 pm, we were allowed to go straight to the room. Everyone was super nice and the hotel is beautiful. The room felt like I was in a bed and breakfast not a hotel. It had a king bed and a working fireplace. The bathroom was all marble, large and clean. There was a hair dryer, weight scale and great bath products plus a robe. There is a safe in the closet plus an umbrella, another robe and an iron and board. After we came back from dinner, the bed was turned down, mats at both sides of the bed on the floor for your feet, plus slippers and mints on the pillow. It was great!!!	
Aug 18 2004	Loved it!	The Ritz Carlton was a fantastic experience. The staff were friendly and helpful, the maid service was good, and our one bedroom suite was beautiful. We have stayed at many five star hotels and feel that the service at this hotel stands out from others. The only negative was that the concierge was not as knowledgeable as I would have liked. In Montreal we will only stay at the Ritz!	
Aug 15 2004	More than satisfactory	The reception desk staff went out of their way to give us an early check-in when we arrived somewhat frazzled from another hotel and even upgraded us to a better room when they found they did not have the two beds we had requested. Yes, the critiques of the knowledge of the concierge service is fair; I was given incorrect information as well, and more than once in just a one night stay. But that said, the friendliness of the reception people can go a long way to making a stay enjoyable. The (admittedly larger than average) room was excellent, as were the furnishings and bathroom. So I am very happy with the Ritz-Carlton Montreal, but then again, I only paid USD 150 for my room.	
Aug 2 2004	We liked it!	We were guests at this hotel on June 23rd 2004.I believe some of the reviews are slightly harsh and although, I do agree that there could be some upgrading done, in general, the atmosphere is traditional and quite elegant. We are not strangers to 5 star plus hotels and we would stay at this hotel again...It has a very European feel to it.	
Jul 31 2004	Don't Think of this as a Ritz-Carlton	I have stayed at this hotel twice. The first time I was with my wife and it was a disaster. The staff was unaccomodating; the car valet was rude; the room was clean but small and something out of the 1950's. The bathroom had Ritz-Carlton towels and bath products but otherwise could have been in a budget hotel. I have never seen a Ritz like this, and it was expensive. I stayed there once more for a single night on business only because the rate was unbelievably low, and I thought I would give it another chance. Although the staff was much improved, the room and bathroom issues remained. I have stayed in many Ritz-Carltons and frankly this one does not deserve the name.	
Jun 26 2004	All shabby no chic	Just spent three nights at the R-C Montreal with my wife and children. To be perfectly blunt, this property in no way meets the usual Ritz-Carlton standards. On a positive note, this is a great location, building with some history, the front desk staff are helpful and maid service is good. However, the negatives are numerous - let's start with out of date(not antique, mind you) furnishings that resemble scratched rejects from a Ramada Inn. The carpeting is worn down and appears circa 1978 - 1981 vintage. Room service is uninspired and the concierge advice was horrible. Our concierge tip for Chinatown dining was the Holiday Inn - no joke. This place needs a complete update.	
May 22 2004	Dump - misrepresentation to use the name Ritz-Carlton	I will forever hesitate to stay at Ritz-Carleton since my stay in Montreal. There is an expectation associated with a brand name and Ritz-Carleton should be ashamed! 	
Mar 12 2004	Decadence of a Bygone Era Lives On!	Stayed at the Ritz-Carlton Montreal on November 8-9 of 2002. Was upgraded at check-in to a junior suite (Room 607, if memory serves) with a view of the hotel gardens and the city skyline. I am told these rear-facing rooms are preferable to the ones that front directly on Rue Sherbrooke as the front-facing rooms can be noisy due to traffic 24/7 (Sherbrooke is a major upscale shopping thoroughfare--think Fifth Avenue or Rodeo Drive). The room was decorated in ruby red, forest green, and buttery yellow/gold with two large windows (blackout blinds and weighty damask curtains) and had THE most comfortable bed I have ever slept in (even better than the Starwood Heavenly Beds, in my opinion). The junior suite also featured a good-sized seating area with two chairs, a sofa, and a coffee table (the television was in a wall unit so that it could be rotated to face either the sitting area or the bed). The walk-in closet was spacious and contained the minibar and the safe. Off the closet was an enormous bathroom with a deep soaking tub and an abundance of towels. The staff always managed to address me by name (even in the elevators), was unfailingly polite, and always seemed eager to please. So solicitous of their guests were they that the young man who checked me in (Giuseppe?) stood outside and chatted with me at length on the day I checked out, wished me a safe journey, and graciously shook hands with me (as did the doorman). The in-room breakfast (American) was prompt, hot, and delicious (and very reasonable!). All in all, a class act on all fronts. I have been told by other friends that some of the standard rooms (280sq. feet) are somewhat less decadent (but by no means unpleasant), but with a mere $20-$50 CAD upgrade to a suite (460-600 square feet!), it is worth it if one wishes to truly experience the grandeur of this truly legendary property (the oldest Ritz-Carlton in North America still in existence).	
Mar 4 2004	warm welcome in cold montreal	We found true comfort at the RITZ. The staff is polite and helpful. The beds are giant and the sheets and down blanket buttery soft. The robes are plush and the marble baths super pretty. The hotel bar is open late and mixes incredible drinks (with glass stirrers). Hooray for this 1912 gem! I am so glad I did not heed the advice of the prior naysayers.	
Jan 29 2004	Sad	I was shocked at how shoddy the public areas of this hotel were. I walked in and walked out...so sad. I am certain it had its day.Also the people at the bar and restaurant were leftovers from a pantie raid -- god awful loud, vulgar, cheap... Need i say more?Get a suite at the Vogue which is just down the street if you like that area; but you must have a suite in the back because the front is noisy, or stay at the St James which is truly a luxury hotel except the rooms are tiny and trendy. However the service and public areas are impressive.	
Jan 16 2004	Not the Ritz Carlton; more like a Holiday Inn that needs Renovation	The Ritz Carlton is a favorite for our family; It can be relied upon for a certain level of service, quality of room furnishings and ambience. It is suprising that the company would allow its name on this property---it is nothing like any other Ritz we have been to and feels like a budget convention hotel. While the location is good, the entry window boxes haphazardly filled with supermarket-type mums and ferns gives you an idea of what you will find indoors. It is NOT a luxury hotel--maybe 20 years ago, but not now. I f you have stayed in a Ritz Carlton elsewhere you will be very dissatisfied.We checked into the St. James instead which is truly a luxury property in every way; indeed the most luxurious in Montreal (I looked at all of them researching a travel article.) It is meticulously maintained and the furnishings, rooms and public areas are sumptuous. The concierge, Guy, is the best we have encountered anywhere.The Nelligan hotel and its sister properties in Motreal are also good, moderately priced choices if the St. James is not in your budget.	
Nov 9 2003	Wonderful service classic hotel	I have nothing but praise for the Montreal Ritz. Many of the reviews posted here may make this property seem outdated, or of inferior quality. On the contrary, I have immensely enjoyed both my visits to this hotel and consider it my favorite hotel in one of my favorite cities. First, the service is unparalleled. The staff - from reservations, to the concierge, to the front desk - is extremely helpful, considerate, and hard working. They ask if they can help, go out of their way to get you things (the right room, reservations at restaurants, etc.) and are discreet in their efforts (I've stayed at places where the concierges have lamented over and over how hard it was to get reservations at somwhere or other - maybe expecting a huge tip?) This is the kind of place where,when you get off the elevators (that are directly across the front), a staff member will likely say 'good evening Mrs. so-and-so' - how they can remember each person's name (staying in rooms, not suites, no less) is beyond me. It isn't a vanity thing to have your name remembered, it's just something that makes you feel slightly less anonymous (you could say that considering the price they better - but how many other places do this with EACH guest? The Omni? The Intercontinental? anywhere else that's a high-end 'chain'?). Second, the actual hotel: This hotel is not large - it's exterior reminds me a BIT of the Ritz in London, but the lobby is more like the Berkeley Hotel in London - meaning that it's small, intimate, understated, and discreet. It is more like your wealthy grandmother's house - not spankng shiny new, yes a bit of fading in the rugs and maybe even a dent in the wood here or there. But it is LIVED in. This is a historical hotel - it is a place that has seen countless visitors over the years, yet has not succumbed to modern design ideas (Ian Shrager), and has not traded in original fixtures, etc. for shiny new replicas. I think that rather than scoff at this, one should celebrate it. This is a kind of place where money - old, unassuming, confident money - breathes. And even if you dont' fit into that category, you are treated the same. How do I know? I have stayed here twice. The first visit (Nov 2000), my mother and I were coming for a mother/daughter weekend. I'd ordered flowers to the room for my mother - the concierge helped me out a bit - very nice and reasonably priced arragnement (she asked my budget). I was discreetly asked what this was for and I mentioned an early birthday. When we got to our room not only were the flowers there, but also a very fancy dessert and note from the hotel wishing my mother a happy birthday. The concierge had also amazingly gotten us reservations at Toque - prime sitting and nice table - as well as an appointment to Spa Diva; on our arrival we were given appoinment cards and everything was set up - all we had to do was enjoy our time. The room itself was very nice - furnished with dark woods and plush carpets, bedding, etc. and the room itself was very large with a nice view; toiletries were great (they've since changed them - I miss the old ones but the new ones are a bit more Aveda-esque in that they follow the 'natural' school of formulation). We just got back from the second vist, in Nov 2003. This time, when I tried to order flowers, they asked what the occasion was - and I told them that my brother and I were bringing my mother there as she had just finished chemotherapy and I wanted some flowers to celebrate it. The reservations and concerige set up my room, flowers, dining, etc. On arrival, we were greeted with a 'welcome back Mrs. ___' (they must look these things up?) and taken to our room, which was booked as a junior suite, meaning one larger room with two beds and a seating area. What we got was a huge suite - two rooms, a bedroom with a humongous bathroom joined to an room equal in size to the bedroom that had a huge tv, video games, etc. with a sofa, several chairs, etc. We were shocked but apparently, we had been upgraded, Ritz style. I'm not sure (am strongly guessing) that this was because we had chosen this hotel to celebrate my mother's successful treatment, but I'm not sure. I have also heard that this hotel tries to upgrade frequent visitors, so maybe that was it (though twice in three years isn't that frequent, is it?) All I know is that, as typical, they surprised us once again with their kindness and thougtfulness. I cannot recommend this hotel strongly enough to anyone. In fact, this last time, we thought of staying somehwere else just to try a new place - perhaps one of the newer 'boutique' hotels but in the end, stayed here because of the price - equal if not cheaper than the others but yet we were getting the prime location, service, and familiar experience. Well this last experience cemented it - it wasn't the fact we got upgraded, just that, in this stressful time we truly felt that we were somewhere safe, home. And then I wondered - isn't that bizarre? we've only stayed here twice now - how can someone rationally feel that way? Well it is inexplicable I suppose but then maybe that in and of itself tells you something.I will never stay anywhere else in Montreal and strongly recommend that anyone reading this review try out the Ritz - if only more hotels could be like this...	
Nov 3 2003	Save Your Money!!	My husband and I recently stayed at the Ritz-Carlton in Montreal for a business trip and were very disappointed to say the least. The hotel was very outdated and is in need of a complete overhaul. The carpet was worn throughout the entire hotel, our room was decorated with what looked like second hand furniture and the bathroom looked like it had been decorated during the seventies (or early eighties). Our bed was the most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept in at a hotel and they did not have the trademark Ritz-Carlton featherbed and comforter. They were also rebuilding their garage next to the hotel and I was disturbed every morning by the sound of a jack hammer-which was so loud I could not even hear someone on the telephone. Instead of rebuilding the garage they should knock down the entire building and start over. The concerige service was terrible-half the time no one was even at the desk. The only good thing I can say was that the housekeeping service was great!! We have stayed at Ritz-Carltons in the past and this place was just not up to par, and everyone in our group agreed that we would never stay at this hotel again. Save your money for a stay at a REAL Ritz-Carlton-this hotel is certainly not it!!!	
Sep 18 2003	Quiet and Homey at the Ritz		
Aug 30 2003	Ritz Carlton was great		
Aug 28 2003	Returning to the Ritz-Carlton		
Jun 23 2003	save your money		
May 20 2003	Interesting		
Mar 6 2003	Ritz Gone By		
Nov 11 2002	Absolutely the worst - skip it...		
Sep 23 2002	Suberb hotel - the Ritz Carlton Montreal		
Aug 21 2002	Lovely but noisy		
Jan 22 2002	The Montreal's jewel		
Feb 9 2008 	Lussuoso		
Nov 9 2007 	On s'attendait à mieux !		
