	Excellent Marriott Residence Inn Experience	Fantastic location in downtown Montreal with quick access to all points of interest...culture, shopping, and restaurants. We recommend it highly for anyone interested in visiting Montreal.	
Nov 25 2009 	great location; easy parking; nice staff; clean; and full-size frig	The Marriott Residence Hotel is located on Peel in downtown Montreal; the location is terrific (as good a location as you can ask for in Downtown) and the parking is unusually easy and convenient (I have stayed at almost every Downtown hotelin Montreal and parking at most of them can be a real hassle). The staff is pleasantand the rooms and public areas are quite clean. The rooms are on the big size (many Downtown hotels have very small rooms and bathrooms) and have a full sizerefrigerator and a stove, microwave, counterspace and free internet (again, free internet is not that common in the Montreal Downtown area). As a rule now, when I stay in Montreal the Marriott on Peel is usually where I end up staying because when I do calculate the pros andcons with other comperable hotels, Marriott on Peel is the morerationale and convenient choice. Lastly, it's rates are also probably somewhat lower than the competition.My name is Greg and I am an attorney in New York State.	
Nov 13 2009 	Best Place to Stay in Montreal	I always stay at the Residence Inn on Peel when I'm in Montreal. It is a great hotel, staff is friendly, rooms are clean, close to major amenities and the Metro and they even serve breakfast.	
Nov 13 2009 	perfect location and friendly staff!	We stayed here over Halloween weekend and was extremely pleased with our vacation. The staff was always friendly and patient, during one of the rainy days they proved to be very knowledgeable of the area and recommended different indoor activities that might interest us. The rooms were very clean upon arrival and very accommodating when we requested anything, ex towels, new room keys. We walked everywhere we wanted to go and only took the metro once to the Biodome, which was incredible and reccommended by the staff. it is in the perfect location for whatever you are looking to do, nice restaurants, shopping, bars and the Bell Centre. Looking forward to our next stay!	
Nov 13 2009 	Excellent Location and Complimentary Breakfast.	This was a great hotel. The staff was helpful and able to provide us with a room at a very early morning check in, which was great after a long trip. The complimentary breakfast was excellent and way more than I expected. And the location is perfect, we were able to walk everywhere in the downtown area. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on!	
Nov 11 2009	Excellent Stay at Residence Inn Marriott Montreal Downtown.	My Mom and I had a lovely time in downtown Montreal and our stay at the Residence Inn was enjoyable. The staff greeted us with warmth, smiles and sincere friendly assistance. They answered all my tourist questions and supplied us with metro, restaurant and tourist attraction info. Our primarily visit was to the St. Joseph Oratory, a must for Christians and everyone with a true heart.seeking peace and love. A place of peace and serenity. My Mom and I felt true peace and joy there. Our hotel stay was extra special due to the complimentary breakfast, you will enjoy it and make a point of not missing it each morning. Also, afternoon fresh cookies at the front desk. Breakfast and and suite staff did an excellent job keeping everything clean and welcoming! The hotel is in the best location: walking distance to metro, McGill Univ., movie theatre, underground shops, etc... High Five to Everyone! We'll be back! For Asian gifts I highly recommend the L' Art Mandarin 99 Viger O Shop # G4, (--) in Chinatown.	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent location and value	Nothing fancy but the location is perfect for St. Catherine Street Shopping, Crescent Street resturants and clubs and short distance from Historic Old Montreal.	
Nov 3 2009 	comfortable	the residence inn offers all the comforts of your own home and the location is perfect	
Nov 2 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	What can I say, we always like to stay within the Marriott chain &amp; this was as we expected. Being a Residence Inn you feel no different than if it was a full blown Marriott. Rooms are very clean (very important to us) &amp; service is outstanding by everyone, from the front desk to houskeeping. Free breakfast is a great plus &amp; this isn't you crappy free breakfast. We always had eggs (real, not powdered, like some other hotel I stayed at during this trip, check my other reviews), bacon or sausage, pancakes, a waffle maker &amp; a variety of fresh fruits, cereals &amp; yogurt.The location is also outstanding. Dead smack in the middle of downtown Montreal where all the action is happening, less than half a block from the Peel metro station. We took a taxi from the airport &amp; that ran us $38 (fixed fare from the airport to downtown). From the hotel we were able to access all of Montreal via the Metro. The Underground City is about a block from the hotel. We stayed here first, we then rented a car &amp; drove to Quebec for a few days &amp; then came back for one night to fly back home the next. I tell you I was really glad we were back at this place.Price was very reasonable, but you have to pay for parking (which we didn't since we didn't have or need a car. Public transportation is very good in Montreal) If you are looking for a very good, clean hotel with great service, which is close to everything this is the place for you.	
Nov 1 2009 	surprisingly great !!!	Location is great..it is near everything you need. The hotel itself is clean with very friendly and helpful staff. We did not expect this kind of service and where very happy. Thank you for a nice stay at your hotel.	
Oct 25 2009 	This was a most comfortable stay with all the amenities great customer service plus a delicious breakfast !	We checked in a bit early and were pleasantly greeted by a very pleasant young lady who was very attentive to our questions and needs. She also gave us a great map of the city and since the hotel is downtown we were able to get around quite easily. We enjoyed the shopping in the underground and found two great restaurants in our day excursion. The hotel was very comfortable and we had a great nights sleep. Since this was the last evening of an 11 day stay through out northeast Canada we relaxed in the room. That morning we had an exception breakfast and then took a 15 minute walk to the Amtrak for our ride back to New York. It was the perfect hotel for our needs and we would certainly return. The staff made us feel very welcome.	
Oct 25 2009 	Excellent Location 	I stayed here for 2 weeks while in town for the Grand Prix a couple years ago and found the location to be excellent. At the end of my trip, I was very happy to have choosen this location. If that is what you are looking for, you won't be disappointed. The rooms were fine although there was some issue with the cleaniness. Even after calling and requesting the sheets to be cleaned daily, they were not. Some days the room was not cleaned after we were out all day and came back around 3pm or 4pm. Other than the the customer service was good. The breakfast was average. The outdoor roof top deck is where we spent our time in the hotel apart from sleeping, it is a great extra most hotel can't offer and has a great view. You aren't allowed drinks on the deck, but were able to bring drinks up for a couple hours anyway.	
Oct 22 2009 	Not up to Marriott Residence Inn standards	I am puzzled by the positive reviews of other users, since my own experience was not that great. Based on truly great stays at Marriott Residence Inns in the Seattle area, I chose this brand for my 4 nights in Montreal. However, the building is simply too old and worn to justify being part of the generally good Marriott brand. The kitchenette has old and VERY noisy appliances. The windows are very small, so the rooms are dark. All windows have been blocked shut (by order of the fire marshall), and with only heating and no air con, there is no way to get fresh air in the room. A massive walk-in closet should have given way to the bathroom, which was microscopic. Breakfast was bland and boring - I actually went across the street to have breakfast at a great French-style café instead. The indeed friendly hotel staff failed to deliver on their promises (small things like information on game tickets, correct name on my invoice, etc) which was no big deal but doesn't earn them any points either. On the upside the free wireless internet worked flawlessly, and it was truly great to check in to my room and find my requested groceries waiting for me in the fridge. Thanks for that. Overall, I do find that the downsides outweight the upsides, and for my next trip in town I would choose the Marriott hotel down the road near the hockey stadium.	
Oct 20 2009 	An okay place to stay in a good location.	This is my second stay at this hotel. It is well located downtown and near McGill University. The rooms are functional with a kitchenette. The bathroom is useless. Too small and with very poor lighting. No separate mirror area. The lighting is generally weak. The temperature is hard to control but heat and air conditioning work very well. Some street noise. Staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. Printed bill was in french only a minor annoyance. Parking off site at 24 per day.	
Oct 19 2009 	Marriott Downtown Montreal	GREAT motel - excellent location - we were so glad this is the spot we picked to stay when staying in downtown Montreal.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great stay	It's a nice place to stay in Montreal. Everything is in a walking distance and the rooftop view is fabulous.	
Oct 9 2009 	This is an excellent choice hotel for a visitor to Montreal.	We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. It was conveniently located so we could walk every where. The rooms were clean and the kitchens were nice to have. The free breakfast was outstanding. I'd recommend this hotel.	
Oct 5 2009 	It felt like being home!	I have been traveling to Montreal for a work assignment since February 2009. The staff here at the Residence Inn on Peel Street have been absolutely fabulous...they make my time here feel like home! There was an unfortunate accident at the hotel during my last stay and we were unable to use the front entrance. They went out of there way to provide special security at the rear entrance, so that we would continue to feel safe. This was muchly appreciated! My assignment is set to continue through June of 2010, and I plan to continue to stay at this location.	
Sep 22 2009 	Perfect Hotel Perfect Staff Perfect Location	We just recently returned home from a stay in Montreal at the Marriott Residence Inn Downtown on Peel Street September 18th - 21st, 2009. I really was impressed with the hotel and staff. We arrived in Montreal a little after 1pm in the afternoon on Friday September 18th. It was before the check-in time of 3pm but within minutes we were on the elevator up to our room. Check in was quick and easy (just a couple of minutes) and the staff that greeted us were friendly and attentive. Our room on the 7th floor was spacious and immaculately clean. 2 beds, table and chairs, a sitting area with sofa, TV, and coffee table, and also a kitchen area with stove, microwave, refrigerator/freezer, and sink. The bathroom was your standard hotel bathroom with full size tub and shower. Everything was clean and in good working order. We thought that the breakfast buffet was great. As far as free breakfast buffets go, this one was excellent: eggs, waffles, toast, muffins, cereals, fruit, juice, coffee, tea, and also pancakes one of the days we were there. Everything was fresh and warm and there was plenty to go around. The wireless internet access was quick and easy to use as well and you are provided with a username and password in your room to access to wireless internet service. The location of the hotel is perfect. About a 1 minute walk to the Peel Metro Station and less than 5 minutes from St. Catherine Street. Centre Eaton is less than 5 minutes away and Crescent Street is a little less than a 10 minute walk. McGill University is just a couple of minutes walk up Peel Street and the pathways/steps that lead up to the observation platform at Mont Royal Park are under a 10 minute walk from the hotel. The staff was about as close to perfect as you could get in my opinion. They were very helpful and responded quickly and pleasantly to any questions we had. They always greeted us everytime we walked by the front desk and also were able to help us to decide on some activities to do while we were there and assist with making reservations for some tours.On the first day we were there we had to enter and exit through the backdoor of the hotel due to some work that was taking place out front but this was not a problem as the area in back of the hotel was well lit and there was a security guard outside the door. By the middle of the second day the front entrance had re-opened. Elevators were quick (there were 3 of them) and we never waited more than a minute or two to get on one of them.I noticed that some people have complained about noise in the hotel or out on the street in front but we did not experience any of that while we were there. Some other reviews said that there was a noisy club out in front of the hotel but that is not true. There are a couple of restaurants and what looked like a health club surrounding the hotel. Our stay was over a weekend and we never experienced any trouble with excessive noise and had no trouble getting to sleep each night. There are some other great services at the hotel that we did not take advantage of but I will mention them as they may be useful to any travelers who may be considering a stay at this hotel. The hotel has a great service where they will go shopping for you. It seemed pretty simple and there is no added cost besides the actual cost of the items that you have them pick up for you. You can drop off a list at the front desk when you leave in the morning and then your items will be ready for you to pick up when you return later in the day. The cost of the items is billed to your room. There is also a service that is similar to room service. There is quite a large list of restaurants and other food establishments that are part of a service where you can call and have food delivered to your room. There are all types of restaurants and even some ice cream shops on the list as well. There is a small but reasonable fee of $3 or $4 to use the service in addition to the cost of your food and a tip. Indoor parking is available but I cannot comment on the parking as we did not use it on this visit.All in all we had a great visit and will not hesitate to return to the Marriott Residence Inn Downtown on our future visits to Montreal. Special thanks to the hotel staff for making our stay a pleasant experience.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great location comfortable hotel	We stayed here for four nights and would not hesitate to stay here again.Pros:- The location is right in the heart of downtown and can't be beat. The Metro (Peel Station) is right around the corner (TIP: 3 day tourist transit pass came in handy). Just a few blocks away is tons of shopping - in malls and Rue Sainte Catherine. We took the VIA Rail train into the city and the station is only a 13 min. walk. Musee des Beux Arts is walking distance. The Tourist Info Centre is 2 blocks away (TIP: go here first!).- Free breakfast every morning was plentiful. You can make your own waffles. There's cereals, sausages, eggs, etc.- Staff is very friendly. Especially the breakfast staff - always cheerful.- Free (but slow) internet in all rooms.- Free business centre with internet and printer.- Mini kitchens are well equipped.- Bathrooms are well ventilated with a fan.Cons:- The hotel is under renovations therefore access to the hotel is via the back alley. We always went onto Rue Metcalfe and cut through the parking lot.- Rooms can be noisy. Air conditioning unit is window mounted so street noise can come through into the room. Renovation noise can be a problem in the morning. There is no separation of the bed from the kitchen, so the fridge can be very noisy. TIP: Turn off ice maker in freezer otherwise the crash of ice at night will wake you.	
Sep 5 2009 	Very friendly good location rooms can be a bit noisy	Went to Canada from UK to watch Nascar and picked the hotel from an expedia recommendation. The room was spacious and clean but bear in mind that the rooms also have cooking and facilities hence you will be sharing your room with (in our case) a very noisy fridge. A/C is also noisy but no more than anywhere else. During the time of our stay the front of the hotel was being renovated hence we had to use the rear entrance however this was easy to reach, was well lit and secured at all times.The Hotel is central to all shopping facilities and sits on top of the Peel metro station so getting out and about couldn't be easier.Breakfast was fine (if not a little repetitive) and I've never seen eggs done like that before but was great to fill up with before heading out for the day. Themed nights with chilli and BBQ were also satisfactory. We did see the strange woman that wanders about but she appears quite harmless. The seating area on the roof was closed indefinitely which was a bit of a disappointment as if we needed to sit outside and read then we had to go round the corner to McGill Uni. Make sure you walk right up Peel street to the top of Mount Royal. Very steep, loads of steps but a great view from the top.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great Hotel in the Heart of Montreal	Went to Montreal to see the hockey game between Ottawa and Montreal and was not surprized by how nice the hotel was was well maintained a great price and the staff was of great help. Would highly recomend to any one wanting to go to the city for the weekend at a great place to stay and discouver the heart of a great city.	
Aug 26 2009 	Very clean and comfortable great staff and service	Stayed at this property while on vacation with my family. Our overall experience was very positive all around: this is a very clean property that is well appointed and that is run by a staff that is friendly and always seems happy to assist with anything from resolving issues to recommending local restaurants (which were 100% spot-on for us).Only challenge we had was accessing the property and parking. Peel St was closed off to traffic while we were there, which meant that we needed to access the hotel from a back alley that my teenagers described as &quot;sketchy.&quot; If I were to return to Montreal on business or with the family, I would definitely choose this property.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great Place to Stay in Downtown Montreal	First, the location of this hotel is perfect to fully enjoy downtown Montreal. You are a 1 minute walk to the subway, St Catherines, Crescent St (eating hub) and tonnes of shops and malls. The front desk staff are helpful and friendly, especially Dwayne, we loved him. It was our honeymoon and we were sent a gift basket and card from Dwayne himself. The rooms are nothing fancy but very comfortable. The only small complaint that I had was the bathroom was quite small, but the positives far outweighed the bathroom. The free breakfast was also nice, it saved us from having to get up and find a place to eat. The parking is valet, 20$ a day, which is reasonable in downtown montreal. The fitness room is very small with little equipment but there are 2 treadmills, an elliptical and free weights which worked for me. This is a wonderful hotel in with an amazing location!	
Aug 18 2009 	The Best Front Staff in the Industry	We stayed at the Residence Inn on Peel STreet for 5 nights as we were trying to enjoy Montreal in addition to a family wedding. The hotel itself needs some serious updating but I want to post this review to encourage anyone traveling who appreciates a front desk staff who is positive, intelligent, interested, makes common sense recommendations will want to stay at this hotel. Sorry we couldn't give it a higher rating but if you are a traveler for the first time to Montreal you'll want to stay at this hotel exclusively for the help a broad range of front-desk staff provides. I shouldn't omit the cheerful attitude that the cleaning staff had towards the clients and the rooms. Somebody in management must know what they are doing.	
Jul 26 2009 	Wonderful experience at Residence Inn Marriott-Montreal	This hotel had very comfortable and spacious rooms that were extremely clean. The breakfast had many choices and was included in the room rate. Since we were visiting from the US and our French was very weak, we were helped often by the front desk personnel who went out of their way to make sure we knew where we were going and what was available to see/tour in the area. I would definitely stay at this hotel again if visiting Montreal.	
Jul 20 2009 	This was a really comfortable and well managed hotel	From the moment we arrived and were greeted at the front desk with enthusiasm and tourist advice by receptionist Julie, to our opening the door of our comfortable and well decorated room with gigantic walk in closet (wish we had this at home!), and finally to our delicious breakfasts in the large breakfast room, we experienced a hotel which was obviously well run and guest oriented making our stay in Montreal for the Jazz Fesitval all the more memorable. The staff at both the front desk and in the breakfast room were most professional and at the same time friendly and welcoming. We couldn't have picked a better hotel and we hope to return. It was amazing to find a hotel where everyhting actually worked! We couldn't have picked a better hotel and we hope to return someday.	
Jul 19 2009 	Perfect.	The staff is amazingly friendly, well trained, and know their city! The room was spacious, with a full kitchen and all that comes with it! The beds were very confortable and liked that you could actually open the windows! The hotel is located walking distance to great nightlife and more shopping one can handle. I love Montreal for its food and hundreds of good restaurants. Hot buffet breakfast is included and you find a bit of everything from fruits to make-your-own-waffle station, yogourts, saussages, eggs, patatoes, etc. I would recommand this hotel to anyone looking for a great time in Montreal. It's definitly the place to be! Thank you for everything.	
Jul 16 2009 	Marriott always is a good bet !	Good location in center city. easy access via bus to Old City. Rooms were clean and nicely laid out. Staff was exceptional with great recommendations. We loved the hotel. we were less thrilled with Montreal itself. Not a very friendly city. Rip off for tourists. Meals excessive in price and not a good value. I don't mind spending money for a good value. This city should have had all the warmth that we found in old Quebec City and it did not !	
Jul 11 2009 	A very pleasant experience	Nice large room with full kitchen; good complimentary breakfast; excellent location; reasonable rates.	
Jul 9 2009 	Nice functional hotel for a business traveler	I chose this hotel because I trust the Residence Inn brand and it was a short walk from there to the office I was visiting. I was pleased with everything about the hotel. It's nothing fancy, but I was more interested in keeping my expenses down than in having a luxurious place to stay, and I wasn't disappointed.	
Jul 2 2009 	Nice Location and Staff but noisy and slow elevators	Stayed here 3 weeks for a business trip. Overall, loved the location and very accommodating staff. Standard breakfast with manager's receptions (evening snacks) - Tuesday- Thursday. Cons: Only 3 elevators in hotel, always took me 1-3 minutes to get one. Loud, especially Thursdays there is a bar across the street that plays thumping music until late. Woken on more than one occasion by loud partygoers in the hallway usually at 2-4am in the morning. Parking not in hotel and the internet was slow on my laptop. Had issue with a/c units from upstairs dripping slowly onto my unit which was disruptive.	
Jul 2 2009 	A decent place with a decent price	This is an okay hotel in a good location. The room has good space and respectable amenities for its price. However, the decor is old and the room (particularly the in-room fridge and air conditioner/heater) are noisy at night making it hard to sleep. The breakfast room is nice with standard Marriott Residence Inn fare and the front desk staff was pleasant. At the time this was written the hotel provided free wireless. This hotel seems appropriate for those on a budget or traveling as families.	
Jun 22 2009 	Exemplary Service and attention to detail.	I was a guest at this hotel for four weeks and I would strongly recommend it as a place to stay for extended visits to Montreal. The location is ideal for shopping, entertainment and dining, as it is only a few blocks from the famous St. Catherine's St. During my stay, the staff ensured that all my needs were met in a timely manner with minimal disturbance to me. The staff ensured that I was undisturbed during my 'call' days, and I enjoyed a peaceful rest. The housekeeping staff were outstanding. Always courteous and my room was maintained at a very high standard. Overall, I would rate this hotel as outstanding and would highly recommend it to fellow travellers.	
Jun 20 2009 	Right at Home	I felt right at home at the Marriott Residence Inn. My room was spacious, comfortable and exceptionally clean. There was wireless internet throughout the hotel so I could even sit in the lounge with a coffee and check my emails. My favorite thing was the breakfast buffet which had a great selection of items and it was always fresh. The staff was really friendly and helpful. The hotel was so close to everything....the Metro, shopping, and restaurants. I will definately be staying at the Marriott Residence next time I'm in Montreal.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great People Great Location	The staff was one of the best we have delt with (including Europe, U.S. &amp; Canada). They gave great directions to local attractions, suggested and made dinner reservations, arranged for a private car and driver for touring. Very clean rooms and public area's. Nice breakfast.	
May 30 2009 	Helpful Staff and Excellent Environment Valet service can be better.	We stayed for 2 nights and the experience is overall very impressive. The hotel sits in the middle of downtown and close to metro/subway stations. The room themselves are comfortable and the breakfast gives you a well-fed start every morning. The most outstanding part is the staff who kept us informed and are very helpful. Especially they listen patiently and respond to our not-so-pleasant experience with the mediocre valet service. However, I would still highly recommend everyone to stay in this hotel.	
May 18 2009 	Could not ask for anything more!	This hotel is perfectly located in downtown Montreal... 2 blocks from the shops on St. Catherine's, 1km from the night life on St. Laurent, spacious rooms, friendly service, great prices, full buffet breakfast... I would totally stay here again.A group of girls stayed here for a stagette party and all of us loved this place!	
May 11 2009 	Great hotel	Perfect location. Staff were friendly - check in was quick and efficient. Will definitely return.	
May 8 2009 	Excellent place crazy woman on the loose	The hotel itself has very friendly staff and is centrally located between malls and right across the street from the Peel metro station. The place is clean and well maintained. However, one problem is that I was at this hotel last august and this may, and there is a strange and creepy woman who walks around the hotel at random hours. I personally got nightmares from this woman three nights in a row because she follows you and stares at you in a really scary way when she encounters you. Just beware, especially if you have kids, seriously. Try other hotels to avoid her.	
Apr 28 2009 	Loved Marriot	Perfectly located in the DownTown.. every facilities.. happening places near by hotel. I visited during the Thanks Giving time and it was awesome to visit the down town in montrealBig Shopping malls, Money Exchanger.. everything near by the hotel.Good Gym &amp; Swimming pool facilities..An excellent service whereby with nominal charges, they will buy the groceries for you.Kitchen is very well equipped.. this kind of kitched everyone would love to have it at home.Being Vegetarian.. it was fun cooking in the well equipped kitched.. I stayed for about 6 weeks and it was very good.Little costly but worth it's value..	
Apr 21 2009 	OK Hotel for value and room size; not a lot of service	This hotel is ideally located near Ste. Catherine street. Lots of things to do and see, with the Peel metro station nearby. Our hotel room was quite large and certainly designed for long term stays, with a full kitchen, table and chairs area and large closet area. Good amenities, including a fridge with an ice maker. Windows are small and high on the wall so no real view. Beds were clean and comfortable. Free buffet breakfast was good but only ran until 9:30am weekdays - lots to choose from (eggs, sausage, potatoes, breads, cereals, waffles, juice, fruit, yogurt). Parking is nearby ($20/day with in/out allowed) but can be a hassle, as they use a valet service that can take some time when they are busy. Free internet was a definite bonus. Unfortunately there isn't a lot of service available (or offered), so we had a hard time with getting our luggage to and from the 16th floor!	
Apr 13 2009 	Excellent conviently located hotel with amenities and charm	My husband and I travel 4-5 times a year to Montreal for entertainment in the city. We found the Residence Inn on Peel Street a few years ago and we're hooked! The hotel is conveniently located a couple of blocks up from St. Catherine Street. They have a complimentary breakfast, very clean rooms, coffee maker/plenty of coffee packets in the rooms, and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The roof deck is spectactular with a great view of the city.	
Apr 7 2009 	Centrally located reasonally-priced hotel with homey friendly touches	Location: Centrally located, in downtown Montreal. Within walking distance of the train station, downtown shopping, museums, and McGill University.Cost: If you are a family, excellent.Amenities: Our room had a sofa bed, and the hotel provided (for no extra cost!) a cot for our second teen. We also had a fully equipped kitchen (a dishwasher, full-sized fridge, a stove/oven, microwave, pots, pans, dishes, and tableware). Wireless internet service was included in the room rate. There was also a separate area with three computers and a common TV-viewing area in the hotel. An exercise room with machines was available. A newspaper was placed outside our door every morning. Another 3 (2 in English, 1 in French) were available outside the breakfast/eating room.Food: A hot and cold breakfast was served every morning. And on occasional nights, a light meal was served. The room came with little candy jars and one free packet of pop corn, tea and coffee. And every afternoon, freshly-made cookies were available by the front desk.Service: Staff was friendly, helpful and responded quickly to requests.Downsides: The drawers in our kitchen were a bit rickety. We had to keep the plug out of the drain in the bath tub, otherwise the water wouldn't go down. The sofa bed was rather narrow and looked a bit run down. The cot was soft. And we experienced problems with the internet; it was slow at times and not working at all for most of one day. The poster on our fridge about the evening meals was only in French; it took us a day to figure it out. Some mornings we were woken up by some outside construction. During the day, we could hear some construction work within the hotel.Overall Impression: Not perfect, but what is? We felt the imperfections were so slight, that they wouldn't prevent us from coming back. And some of their problems (internet, noise) were probably temporary and not likely to recur. They certainly wouldn't stop us from recommending this place.	
Apr 6 2009 	OK overall... but noisy.	I was at the hotel last week. The hotel was ok overall, but I would not go back. The Good: Very friendly staff. Good location. Nice functional rooms. The Bad: Caters to families and young adults, we had a room with 5 teenagers across from us. They were loud in and out of the room all night long. Breakfast is included but lousy. Parking was at the building next door with no direct access from hotel. No restaurant or room service.Summary: I would not stay there again, the large number of children of all ages make it an uncomfortable and noisy stay. This place is best for parents traveling with children or young adults going to Montreal to party in Montreal!	
Apr 1 2009 	Almost A Perfect Stay! (Internet Issues)	I booked this hotel for a guys hockey trip soley on the reviews on Tripadvisor - and for the most part I was very happy with our stay. The room was booked months ahead of time. I had asked for a roll-away bed, as there were 4 guys sharing the room. I had asked for extra pillows, a room on a high floor and an early check in time as well. On arrival (noon), we had everything but the roll-away which showed up 2 minutes after we got to our room.  Our Room: Very spacious and clean. Even when we had the couch pull-out and the roll-away set up, there was still ample room to move about the room. The kitchen was fully equipped, which was nice. Bathroom was clean, albeit a bit on the small side. Carpet looked clean as well. The beds were quite comfy, and the room had windows that actually opened! The Staff: All the staff were friendly and approachable throughout of 3 night stay. Breakfast: The continental breakfast was excellent. Even when the hotel was sold out, the breakfast room never seemed crowded, and it was easy to get what you required. Hotel Location: The location in Montreal was FANTASTIC. A 5 minute walk down Peel street put us at the Centre Bell. 5 minutes west on Sherbrooke or Maisonneuv put us at restaurants, bars and shopping. Parking: Parking was acceptable. It was an extra $20 a night, billed directly. It was valet parking, so you simply dropped the car off and went inside. *TIP*: There is a hotel only parking spot infront of the hotel - zip in there, check in and THEN take your car to the end of the block (500 feet) to get parked. Internet access: Simply put..... Horrible. We had wireless internet in our room for about 2 hours total of our 3 day stay. The 3 computers in the business lobby weren't fairing any better. It was frustrating when we were trying to print out maps for sight seeing, food etc etc. Overall: I would ABSOLUTELY stay at this hotel again the next time I'm in Montreal. It was a nice, clean hotel centrally located with a great breakfast and a friendly staff. If they have fixed their internet, I would have given them a perfect rating.	
Mar 26 2009 	Comfort 	This hotel was the first one I ever went to in Montreal. The pool is great, the breakfast and room service are excellent also. We went to relax, and that is exactly what we got to do. The location is great, one street from ste-catherine.	
Mar 18 2009 	Very professionalCaring staff.	I was very impressed with the entire staff, there eggerness ( Not overbering) to insure that all my needs were met. The extra services that are offered by Marroiott's are great ie: Shopping services, mailing services makes it easy for people on the go. I could focus on the things that I needed to do rather than worry at the end of my day trying to find a place to buy my groceries, ect... as well the kitchens were well stocked. House keeping was always diligent to keep the rooms clean and were friendly. The location was in the downtown sector which made it convenent to night life, resteraunts and tourist attractions (Old Montreal), the front desk staff were very helpfull to show you where to go and had very good suggestions. For me it was a great extended stay (six weeks).	
Mar 17 2009 	Excellent Hotel. Lovely staff and great location.	We stayed here for 10 weeks or so from November 2008 until January 2009. Myself, my Partner and little girl were made to feel so welcome. I cannot fault the service we recieved during our stay. The staff made our stay so much more enjoyable and really made a difference. The rooms were spacious and clean and the beds very comfortable! The bathrooms are a little on the small , I guess you can't have everything! The choice of breakfast is excellent and the complimentary food offered twice weekly on an evening is an added bonus. Other advantages include the free internet access and complimentary coffee/tea available. We have stayed in lots of different Hotels and the main thing for us which stands out, is that the Marriott Residence Inn may not be rated a 5 star Hotel, but the service you recieve is 5 star and that is what counts. Thank you so much.	
Mar 14 2009 	Amazing	I recently stayed at the Residence Inn Marriott Downtown Montrel off of rue Peel. I came to Montreal for a mini vacation to celebrate my fiances birthday. This property was amazing. The room was perfect the Breakfast lounge was perfect the business center was perfect, the location was perfect. I couldnt ask for a better hotel. Everyone of the hotel staff was very friendly. The staff we came in contact with Tania, Anna, Julie, Sylvain, &amp; Dwayne answered all of needs, questions etc with a smile. I am very happy that I choose this property to stay at and I will recommend the Residene Inn Marriott Downtown Montreal to ALL of my friends and family. Thank you for a wonderful stay away from home!	
Mar 11 2009 	Sets the gold standard for hotels.	After having had an awful experience at the Delta Montreal, I shuddered at the thought of having to stay in another hotel in Montreal. But I was completely blown away by how great the Residence Inn was. The room was large and spacious, the housekeeping staff were friendly, and the front desk was extremely helpful. The location is very close to the Metro and I will never forget the heavenly breakfast buffet every morning.This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in.	
Feb 24 2009 	Wonderful Choice	I stayed for 2 nights in a studio suite. The room was great, It had a king bed, kitchenette, tv (no vcr/dvd player), phone, iron &amp; ironing board, &amp; large closet. The bathroom was a bit small and had the usual amenities - shampoo, lotion, conditioner. The kitchentte was surprising great with a stove, microwave, regular sized refrigerator and all the cooking utensils you'll need including dish detergent, dish cloth, &amp; dish towel. They offer a breakfast in the Hearth Room - 2nd floor of the hotel. It's a very nice room with a fireplace. The days I was there it was very busy, so sometimes it may be hard to get a seat but I just sat down right next to some people and made nice conversation. They offered a nice breakfast with scrambled eggs, sausages, pancakes, fruit, cold cereal, muffins, breads and make your own waffles. They were great. Coffee and tea are there 24 hours from what I can tell. I went in there different times of day and night and there was always hot coffee. They also have free internet in the Hearth room, they have 3 PCs along with a printer to use 24 hours a day! It also has a big screen tv above the fireplace. The hotel location is great &amp; convenient. The Metro is a half block away and the main shopping street, Ste Catherine, is a block and half away with stores, restaurants, fast food, &amp; a movie theater all within a 10 minute walk. You can easily walk to the Bell Centre, it's less than 15 minutes and not bad even on a cold night. They do have a fitness room but it's not much. It has a treadmill, a bench, and some free weights but the view from there is great. It's up on a the higher floor. The staff was very friendly and helpful.	
Feb 22 2009 	A hidden gem	I am late in posting this review - better late than never.I stayed at the Residence in during the Race weekend in August. We used out Marriott Rewards and even if we did not pay for our stay the service was impecable. Great value for your money!The room are clean and our suite was equipped with everything.The location is so convenient, we had no problem getting to the Island. We are going back in August and the Marriot is out place of choice.	
Feb 21 2009 	I could probably live here	I had never stayed in an aparthotel before - I thought it was more something for businesspeople and families - but I have definitely changed my mind now. The rooms/units in this hotel are spacious, homely and comfortable. The location is great - you are right in the centre of all the Montreal action. The terrace and swimming pool on the roof are lovely, but the best feature for me was the breakfast - I loved making my own waffles in the morning, in what looks more like a plush living room than a restaurant. Would definitely recommend!	
Jan 21 2009 	Great way to start the New Year	Our son is studying at U of M and was working on Dec 31st. Since he was not home to celebrate the New Year with us, we decided to visit him in Montreal. Whenever we are in Montreal, the Residence Inn is our first choice.	
Jan 12 2009 	Feel at home	We have spent Christmas holidays in Montreal and although the temperature was extremelly low,the hospitality of this hotel was sincere and really warm. The rate was reasonable.The room was very comfortable and quite and the stuff was always willing to help in every way.Breakfast was more than sufficient .In a nutshell it was an excellent experiance which was worth it to the last cent !!!	
Jan 5 2009 	Simply the Best Hotel In Montreal	Myself and ten of my colleagues spent a total of 10 weeks in this marvellous hotel. I cannot praise the fantastic staff enough. We were all made to feel very welcome and nothing was too much trouble. The rooms are spotless and are cleaned every day. Breakfast was excellent and facilities and location were second to none. Quite simply one of the best hotels I have stayed in and that is no exageration.	
Jan 3 2009 	great hotel!	only wonderful things to say: booked hotel on priceline without paying extra $15 cancellation fee. the day i was traveling, there was a huge storm and couldn't get to montreal from ct, usa. both the hotel manager and priceline were willing to change my check in date until the weather settled down. once i arrived the hotel staff was amazing helping me make the most out of my trip!	
Dec 31 2008 	Great location Great treatment	We have stayed at this Marriott many times over the years. The staff are always helpful, knowledgeable, and charming. The atmosphere is warm and friendly. The location is ideal - close to shops, restauarants, and the Metro.The included full breakfast is also a boon.We have recommended it to many friends, all of whom were equally pleased.	
Dec 31 2008	Very Pleasant Stay	As a birthday gift to my son(Nov. 11th) who lives in Ottawa, I traveled from PEI and met him in Montreal to see a Hockey game between the team he cheers for, the Philidelphia Flyers and the Habs, the team I support. Even though the Flyers won that contest we had a very pleasant stay at the Marriot residence. The personnel were very friendly and helpful as I arrived before normal check-in time and they offered breakfast and expedited my check-in time. The location is very conveniant to attend the game at the Bell Centre. Although there was some disappointment with the quality of some of the breakfast offerings(sausage and scrambled eggs) there was a wide variety of items to choose from and service was excellent.I would stay at the Marriot again and recommend it to others.	
Dec 23 2008 	Right in the center of everything	While recently traveling to Montreal, I stayed at the Downtown Residence Inn. The hotel was conveniently located within walking distance of both the business I was calling on, but many local attractions and restaurants as well.	
Dec 17 2008 	Favourite Place	The hotel is in an ideal location, right in the centre of Montreal.The rooms are spacious (suites), be it that the bathroom is rather small.The beds are perfect.Staff is friendly and cooperative.	
Dec 2 2008 	Residence Inn Montreal Good	Hotel was clean and safe. There was no managers reception on Monday night. Overall, the room was adaquate, breakfast was good. The front desk attendants were very knowledgable of the area and bi-lingual which made our stay above average as to navigating in a different country.	
Nov 24 2008	Great location spacious rooms	We were visiting Montreal in order to tour McGill University, as a possible college for my son. The hotel is ideally located only several blocks from McGill and in the heart of the downtown shopping district. They also give discounts to McGill visitors.The hotel room was quite large, and included a separate kitchen, which we did not have a chance to use, but seemed well equipped. The room rate included breakfast, which was quite generous and much more than the typical continental breakfast. The room furnishings were somewhat spartan, but the room was quite comfortable - it included a sitting area and a dining area. I would definitely recommend this hotel to families who want a larger room, at a reasonable price, and in an excellent location. The staff was friendly and accomodating. They also had free cookies at the front desk.	
Nov 4 2008 	Home Sweet Home	If you're looking to stay at a homey, apartment sort of place, this is for you. I often travel alone to Montreal and this is the best place I've stayed. It's not fancy, but it's safe, comfortable, very clean, and CUTE. I usually stay in a Studio Suite with the kitchenette and &quot;breakfast bar&quot;. It's great! They also offer a wonderful breakfast with everything from eggs, waffles, bagels , fruit, etc. that is free. Pets are allowed, although I have not travelled with one. The hotel is VERY QUIET and just a lovely place!	
Nov 4 2008 	Great Experience	Located in downtown with easy access to everything, great service, extremely helpful staff, complete breakfasts, clean modern facility at an affordable price. Will definitely stay here again on my next trip to Montreal.	
Oct 12 2008 	Marriott Downtown: Great location service and value	3 of us had the opportunity to get together in Montreal in September, 2008. The Marriott Residence Inn downtown was convenient to downtown Montreal, the room was roomy and comfortable, the buffet breakfast was a full breakfast and all in all the hotel was good value. They also had parking next door.	
Oct 6 2008 	a montreal first	the hotel was located fantastically well for visiting the main shopping area and resturant areas and around the corner was the metro station, giving access to outer areas to visit. Our room was very well equipped with tv, internet, dining area and a small kitchen along with the two queen beds and bathroom. Staff were very helpful and good humoured, breakfast was buffet style athough this could have been set out a little better and timing extended to 9.30am as people who were late down at 9am found staff clearing away the food promptly, and all tables full. We went for breakfast at 8.30am and found no problem at that time. The laundry facility at roof level was excellent although a coffee machine would be very welcome. we would definately stay there again for the area its in.	
Oct 2 2008 	Fantastic location	This hotel is located in Peel Street, right in downtown Montreal - near great shopping, restaurants, museums and art galleries. The fare from the airport is $40, so don't let a cab driver over charge you!We piled 5 people into one of the studio suites (2 double beds and a pull-out couch) which fit us comfortably. The rooms are large and clean, extra bedding is provided as is air conditioning (which was needed). The continental breakfast was great - everything from coffee, tea, toast, fresh fruit, bagels to make your own waffles.This hotel also has a roof top terrace which is beautiful. The patio tables and loungers are very comfortable. There is also a pool, which is currently under construction (we didn't know at the time of booking, but were told we could swim at the Marriott a five minute walk down the street is we wished).For extended stays there are washer and dryers located on the upper floor.Definitely a great hotel, would stay there again!	
Sep 26 2008 	Great Hotel - RR	Great Hotel right in the middle of downtown montreal. the rooms were a very good size, and very comftable. the htel in general is kept to a very high standard and he staff are all very friendly and willing to help. the bonus of this hotel is it has a sun terrace on the roof, which is great in the summer!!! I will def use this hotel again.	
Sep 19 2008 	Awsome hotel	I spent two nights in this hotel. It is located in the hearth of Montreal, directly in downtown. The staff is alway wiling to help and very dependable. Would recommend this place to anyone.	
Sep 10 2008 	Great place to stay	Studio and one bed room apartments with kitchens. Staff is excellent, they learn your name when you enter and they all know it.. Clean, quiet &amp; safe. Good breakfast provided.	
Sep 10 2008 	We love this Marriott Residence Inn	We have a son attending McGill University and love to use this hotel when we are in Montreal. The location is ideal. Easy walking distance to lots of shopping and dining. The breakfast each morning is wonderful - hot, yummy food along with yogurts, granola and fruit! The kids all love the &quot;make your own waffle station&quot;. Our rooms have always been very clean and comfortable. The staff is top notch; very friendly and efficient. There are lots of hotel choices in Montreal, but we love to return to this Residence Inn on Rue Peel because we know we will not be disappointed!	
Sep 6 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	My wife and I stayed at the Residence Inn for four nights over Labor Day weekend and have only good things to say about this property. After reading numerous stories of rudeness and various other complaints about hotels in Montreal we decided on the Residence Inn based on good reviews and our positive experiences at other Residence Inns. Needless to say we were not disappointed. We arrived about 6PM on Friday night and were promptly checked in and helped with our bags. You can park in front of the hotel for 15 minutes or so to load and unload, then pull around the block to the Marriott garage ($19 per day). The hotel was busy this particular weekend for a couple reasons. First, folks took a break as it was Labor Day in Canada as well as the US. Second, I suspect many parents were helping their college students check in to nearby McGill University. I agree with other reviewers about the niceness of the rooms, the facilities and the breakfasts -- all good. A couple recommendations for Montreal first time tourists (as we were).The Grey Line tours are a good way to get oriented to the city. You can book through the front desk and they'll pick you up and return you to the hotel, although as we discovered it's only a five minute walk to where the tours depart. If you can get one of Lester's tours you won't be disappointed - we took the 6-hour city tour.The Rue Peel Metro stop is a block away and is a good way to get around ($9 for an all day pass).Language: we don't speak French but had no problems as everyone speaks English - although sometimes reluctlantly. I found that a Bon jour and Mercie go a long way. Parc du Montreal is a wonderful park very close to the hotel up Rue Peel. Work your way to the top of Mont Royal for a good workout.Although the hotel will grocery shop for you, that service is only available Monday through Friday, and it would be nice to have a grocery store nearby. If you want to venture out Marche Atwater is the place to go. There's a farmers market for fresh fruits, veggies, seafood, etc. Next store to the market is a Super C market which will have everything you need. It's about a 15 minute drive from the hotel.Overall this is a good hotel in a wonderful city - I wouldn't hesitate to return.	
Sep 4 2008 	served the purpose	I stayed here for one night with my daughter last weekend. We went to Montreal for a back to school shopping trip. The things we liked about this hotel were the location, which is ideal for shopping, and the parking. We felt that the $23 for parking was very good because we were able to leave the car there till 4pm on Sunday. They also allow in and out privillages. The staff was nice and helpful, they even held on to our luggage after we had checked out for a couple of hours. The things I did not like were the elevators, there are only two and they are very very small and very slow. This is made worse by some rude and thoughtless people who insist on stuffing themselves in when there is no more room. I can't comment on the breakfast as I do not like such breakfasts, so we went down the street to eat. The room was o.k, not particularly attractive, and it could have been a little cleaner. This is fine for families who need the kitchen facilities but may not be right for those who want a nicer environment.	
Sep 1 2008	Great Service	The staff, were very helpful and attentive to my needs. The location is great with all the attractions at your fingers tips. The rooms are very spacious and comfortable. Enjoy your stay	
Aug 29 2008 	Excellent hotel - felt like home	I stayed at the Residence Inn for 4 nights. The room was large and clean with an excellent kitchen area including a microwave and hob. The hotel offers a grocery service - you only pay for the food and not for the service. As a business traveller, having the ability to cook my own meals was a refreshing change. Location was excellent for bars and restaurants.Breakfast is included and had a great choice of fresh fruit, cereals and hot waffles. I have to go back to Montreal for a month later in the year and will be staying at the Residence Inn again.Michael	
Aug 27 2008	Great Location Great Assistance by the reception Staff	We are a family of 5. We stayed for 2 weeks. The location in downtown is typical. The friendly and well informed reception staff were amazing.We found the complimentary snack in the afternoon very usefull as we cam back from a long day out.	
Aug 27 2008 	Marriott had everything	My wife and I and our two teenagers stayed in the Residence Inn by Marriott in downtown Montreal for five nights. The location was excellent. An easy walk to St Catherines and the subway was less than a block away. The kitchen had all we could use and more. The breakfast (included in the price) was excellent with more choices than I could manage. Internet access at no extra charge was a pleasant suprise. The roof top patio had a nice view to enjoy while using the laundry facilities. This hotel had everything my family could want. We would definitely stay again.	
Aug 26 2008 	Awful	Never stay here. You'll be treated rudely and neither the management nor Marriott will care. Lest you think our rude treatment was somehow the result of our conduct, I should stress that it began at check-in. First they told our party on arrival that we needed to book an extra room, despite our reservation having been put in weeks in advance with no complaints or questions forthcoming. Then we were presented with a litany of rules regarding room visitors and conduct, followed ultimately by the threat of calling the police. Again, this was while we were still standing at check-in. When we complained later, the manager sent us an unapologetic email detailing the hotel rules, rather than addressing our complaint, which was the complete lack of respect from the hotel staff. A second letter to Marriott was ignored. And this for about twice what you'd pay around the corner. I'd rather go to Montreal, buy a tarp, and sleep under it on the street.	
Aug 14 2008 	My Home Away From Home	I just returned from my yearly visit to Montreal and the Residence Inn on Peel Street. I have been coming to this hotel for many years. When I lived in New Hampshire I visited Montreal once a month &amp; always stayed here. Now that I've moved to northern Virginia I only visit once a year. I return because of the friendly staff, cleanliness of the rooms and hotel, its convenient location in Centre Ville, the wonderful breakfast buffet &amp; the home baked cookies that are awaiting me in the afternoon after a day of sightseeing or shopping. I love the recent updates to the hotel. Though the bathrooms are small they have a very sophisticated look. What makes the Residence Inn really stand out is their staff. They all remember me and are so happy to see me. They make me feel so special and it says a lot about an establishment when the same staff members are there year after year. Whether you need restaurant suggestions, reservations or directions everyone goes out of their way to assist you. I have recommended this hotel to friends and family and they love it too. I think of the Montreal Residence Inn as my home away from home.	
Aug 12 2008	Great Staff Great Location Great trip	The hotel is in the heart of Montreal, with many excellent restaurants and museums within walking distance...and of course Ste. Catherine St shopping. The staff was wonderful and helpful, the city is fantastic, and we had such a good time we never turned on the television all week. Having a kitchenette for light meals and beverages is a major plus. We stayed 10 days.	
Aug 7 2008 	Convenient Downtown Location	My son is thinking of attending McGill University so we booked a room for he and I for four days, to visit the university and to explore Montreal. Staff is very friendly and helpful, fully bi-lingual (English/ French - as are most Montrealers the visitor will encounter). Hotel is very clean, and quiet. There is an excellent hot breakfast buffet each morning at 6:30 til 9:30. Location is in middle of fantastic downtown eating and shopping, near McGill (5min walk) and near the Peel St. Metro station (half a block away) from where you can go just about everywhere else (except the airport!) Minor issues are that the elevators, bathrooms and indoor pool are quite small. Also, this hotel is one of few that apparently has no airport shuttle, but taxis are available on less than 5 minutes notice to get you to the airport, which is 20 to 30 minutes away. The rooms also have kitchens and staff will even shop for your groceries! This would be ideal for an extended stay.	
Aug 3 2008 	Need to refresh rooms	As a Residence Inn user I found this hotel average. Even though the location is excellent served with a great breakfast, the rooms need an immediate improvement. The rooms smell musty, while the kitchen and bathroom are small.I was given a room facing Peel street and heard loud music from a restaurant/club across the street well into the night.The staff was very pleasant and accomodating but the hotel needs to renovate it's product.	
Jul 27 2008 	Everything you need in a hotel	We stayed here for three nights at the end of a two week trip across Canada, and it was the best value of all the hotels we stayed in. The room was exceptionally clean and well taken care of. We had a huge bed with great linens and a sitting area with a couch that folded out into a bed. The kitchen in the room allowed us to cook some of our lunches in the room. The grocery store is about 1 km away, but the hotel staff will do the shopping for you for free if you request it. The hotel has a reception each weeknight on the second floor, but we were not able to enjoy that as we were there on the weekend. The breakfast, though was outstanding. Scrambled eggs, sausage, all the continentals and two waffle machines filled us up for the beginning of the day. The hotel was crowded and the breakfast space was full, but they had enough food for everybody. The hotel is within walking distance of Crescent street for some great nightlife and restaurants, McGill is right around the corner, and Mount Royal is at the end of the street.We got a great deal on Priceline for this stay. I am struck by the amount of amenities like the free breakfast and free Internet that you get at the lower-tier hotels in Marriotts chain, when they nickel and dime you for those other options at their flagship locations.	
Jun 28 2008 	Great location! Great fun!	We went to Montreal the first week of January and if you are prepared for the blizzard-like conditions you will most likely love it. The hotel is in a great location with a metro stop across the street. If the weather is nice one could also walk to most downtown locations and maybe even Mont Royal Park (if you are up for the climb). The staff were all more than helpful as well.The room was your average residence inn room. There was also a mini-kitchen in the room cpmplete with a microwave and icebox. the bathroom was a bit on the small side, but the room size more than made up for that. Breakfast was included in the room price and was one of the better breakfast buffets I have seen from a hotel such as this. Also, in the afternoon everyday there was a snack provided (one day it was hamburgers even). a highlight of the hotel would definitely be the rooftop terrace. It provided a great view of Mount Royal and downtown. During the warmer months this would be a nice place to relax above the busy streets of downtown.	
Jun 16 2008 	Nice Hotel but no service.	I stayed here on a short business trip in the spring. The room quality was good and the amenties were first rate. I did however encounter some issues with the Internet and there was no tec support to be found anywhere. Also I was told by the front desk that I would need to give a 12 hr turn around time for someone to call me back from the IT department? I checked out the next morning.	
Jun 13 2008 	Pleasantly surprised by Marriott Residence Inn Downtown	Recently stayed at the Marriott Residence Inn located in downtown Montreal for 3 nights/4 days over the Formula 1 Grand Prix weekend. I selected this hotel as a last resort as our favorite hotels were quickly booked due to the race. I wasn't looking forward to it as I grown accustomed to our usual places. I was pleasantly surprised by the place. Well run, efficient and friendly. We had a studio unit with a king bed over looking Peel St. There was a small kitchen with all the appliances you'd need...fridge, oven, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker etc.They have a free breakfast buffet too. Location was ideal...right in the heart of where all the race related action is as well as the restaurant/shopping places. My only complaint has to do with $$$. They jack up the daily rates from ~ $149 per night to $449 per night!!! I understand that this is due to supply and demand for the race but it seemed like gouging to me. We'd stay again if our other options were not available.	
Feb 3 2008 	Great neighborhood cozy hotel	We recently went to Montreal and stayed at the Montreal Residence Inn Downtown for two nights and then at the Hyatt Regency for one night. At the end of our trip, we definitely favored the Marriott over the Hyatt.With regards to the room, breakfast buffet, and staff, the Marriott Residence Inn in downtown Montreal is like any other Residence Inn. The staff was helpful, the room was clean, and the kitchen served its purpose. However, there were some great points about the hotel. We did get a large walk-in closet in our room, which was a first for me at any hotel room and a welcomed surprise. We also discovered that you can get great views of Montreal on the terrace. The Peel Metro station is only around the corner, and the neighborhood was just right. There are restaurants and shops within walking distance of the hotel. If I am ever in Montreal again, I will definitely consider staying at this hotel again.	
Jan 30 2008 	Pretty Excellent Stay with Few Hiccups	I had a two day meeting in Montreal and had used TripAdvisor to narrow down my choices. The Residence Inn Marriott Downtown didn't make the list due to the negative reviews and the fact that my Lonely Planet put the hotel in the wrong location, making it seem futher out of the city centre than it actually was. One of my co-workers advised that other employees stayed here when they came into town and we should use it too. Reluctantly, I agreed and booked the Junior Suite.My first impressions? While the furnishings are a little dated, they are comfortable and clean. While the bathroom IS a little small, it is clean and is stocked with above-average hotel amenities. The kitchen is clean, with all amenities provided. Most importantly, no, they did not carry my bags up, but the concierge were more than helpful when I realized I forgot my toothbrush and also provided excellent eating advice, clear directions to a SAQ (2 blocks down, one block to the right). In addition, they do have trollies available to get your backs up the stairs. (They could definitely stand to gain a doorman or an automatic door). Housekeeping did an excellent job and the sheets were always clean and crisp. I will definitely be returning.	
Dec 23 2007	Great hotel in downtown Montreal	I stayed in this hotel with my girlfriend for 4 days and we had a great time. The hotel was very clean and the staff was very nice and helpful whenever we needed. The room was quite big and very comfortable, with high speed internet access, cable TV, air conditioning and even had a full kitchen which we ended up using to cook dinner one night.They also offer a delicious breakfest buffet and on some week days they have a sort of a &quot;happy hour&quot; with snacks in the late afternoon/early evening (everything included in the price).Another good thing is the hotel location, it's a 5 minute walk to the Atwater subway station.When we booked this hotel we thought the price was very good for the time (August) and for the services they provide, so I'd definitely recommend this hotel!	
Nov 17 2007 	Nice hotel but ran into some problems	The hotel room was clean and good sized, with nice beds, a flat screen TV and a built in ice maker in the fridge. Couldn't hear any noise from the rooms next door. Major problem is the size of the bathroom, which was very small for a hotel of this rating. I had to squeeze against the sink when closing the door to avoid brushing against the toilet. Ugh.On the the bad stuff. The kids in the room directly above us flooded their bathroom and resulted in water pouring down into our bathroom. This resulted in flooding our bathroom and the need for cleaning staff to come in, suck the water out and then use fans to dry. The whole process would have taken about 3 hours with an additional 2 or 3 hour wait before the fans would be in the room for a total of 5-6 hours of wet, damp bathroom including 3 hours of having a loud fan roaring in the room.Industry standard is to move us to a new room, when one is available, which they didn't automatically offer to my friend who was in the room at the time. We weren't moved until I returned to the hotel and marched to the front desk to demand a new room. This is unacceptable for a hotel of this quality, particularly when empty rooms are available!Next, the parking lot for the hotel is a) not owned by the hotel, which means b) any damage inflicted by the valet parkers are not the hotel's responsibility. This was not made clear to us, as we arranged for parking with the hotel not the bloody garage. The receipt even has the Marriott Residence logo on it! Needless to say our car was scratched, which in hindsight should not have surprised us as the garage was very, very tight.Would I stay here again? Nope.	
Oct 29 2007 	Great hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Residence Inn October 24 - 26, 2007. She was there to play and I was there to work. I suited both of us admirably.The rooms are a bit on the old side, probably why this is a 3 star as opposed to a 4. The room was a good size and with a fridge, stove, and microwave, had everything we could want. The amenities are good. The buffet style eats are excellent in the morning and again between 4 - 6pm. The hotel is centrally located, within 1/2 a block of thousands (or so it seems) shops underground. It is a 15 minute walk to old Montreal and the shops and nightlife there.The staff were outstanding. Cheerful and helpful. I would recommend this to anyone visiting the area.	
Oct 26 2007 	worst residence inn	room is clean. free internet service. that's the only good thing i could say to this hotel. free breakfast is upsetting since they ran out of everything- waffles, cereals, oj, banana, etc. u asked the manager and he tells u he can't do anything since they don't have the supplies anymore!!!! so, if u want to eat, u have to be there as early as u can. they're supposed to serve till 10am. but, by 9 they won't replenish anymore. go some place else!	
Oct 23 2007 	Good Value; Great Location	This hotel is in an excellent location in downtown Montreal, within easy walking distance of great restaurants, shopping and nightlife. The metro is steps from the hotel, making it very easy to get around. While it is not fancy, the rooms are a good size (loads of closet space), very clean and I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. A decent breakfast (hot and cold) included in the room rate is an added bonus. There is a roof top terrace with a great view of the city. I spent 5 days with my sister and a friend, and it was the perfect choice for us. Would definitely recommend this hotel, and would stay again in future.	
Sep 22 2007 	Enjoyed our stay!	We picked this Montreal Marriott due to its location and the extra amenities of a Residence Inn. It is a pleasant walk to the old city of Montreal and a short, upward climb to Mont Royal. The area is full of restaurants and there is a grocery store about a 10 minute walk away. It is also close to the Peel Street station.Check in was quick and easy. The people at the front desk were always happy to give suggestions and directions. Our room was comfortable and the kitchenette came in handy for lunches and late night snacks.The breakfast that was served in the Mezzanine each morning had more than the usual &quot;free continental breakfast&quot;. There were eggs, sausage, do it yourself waffles, bagels, muffins, cereals and oatmeal served with coffee, tea and juices. In the afternoon during the week a snack was also served. Also handy in this room were three computers that were available at all times to check your e-mail, weather, news and even print your boarding pass.If we were to return to Montreal we would definitely choose this hotel.	
Aug 2 2007	Good location and rested well	The hotel is located pretty decently from good places. Especially if you're smart and plan on using the Metro. This is a big city and like any other big cities traffic is crazy. The views aren't that great until you get on the highest floors. I was on the 10th floor and it wasn't that great b/c I had buildings across from me.The good stuff:BedShower headLocationBreakfast and mid-day mealsInternet was easy to use and was pretty decent speed.Didn't hear anyone next door or above mePenthouse and pool was on the top floor and had great viewsWhat I didn't like was that the A/C was putting out a bad smell. My room smelt like urine when I kept the A/C on too long. The carpet was probably clean but I didn't like the color because it made it look dirty. The bathroom wasn't that pretty but it was usable. My room was small but thats probably what I signed up for because it was cheap for me. If you're coming as a family in a minivan their garage won't fit your minivan so you'll have to park a block away. Overall, the hotel was a good hotel and I don't mind staying here again.	
Aug 2 2007 	Great Location	We just returned from Montreal, where we stayed at the Residence Inn. We had a studio suite equipped with a kitchen, King size bed and pullout sofa. The location of the hotel is excellent. Everything is right outside your door...restaurants, shopping, etc... The hotel itself is in good condition and was renovated 2 years ago (as the front desk agent stated). The room was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was very small, though, but clean and with enough counter space to fit all your toiletries. Plenty of channels on the TV to entertain kids (we had our 1 year old son with us). Should you need a baby crib, the hotel provides Graco Pack n' Plays (we had our own though). The hotel also provides complimentary buffet breakfast each morning, which was great, however, be ready to wait a few minutes for a table to clear, as the breakfast room was packed daily. The assortment of food included scrambled eggs, crepes, waffles, potatoes, cereals, yogurts, fruits, bagels, toast, croissants, coffee, juices, and more. There are also some complimentary PCs in the breakfast room with internet access as well as a large flat panel TV. The only negative feedback about our stay and the hotel in general are the elevators. There are only 3 elevators for the 24 floors, and one was out of order most of our stay. Many times we had to take the stairs in lieu of having to wait several minutes for the elevator to arrive, and most of the time when it did arrive, there was not enough room to fit. Thankfully we were only on the 7th floor. One last note on parking should you have a car... The parking lot is right around the corner and cost approximately 17CAD per day. Overall, our stay was great and we would most likely stay here again.	
Jul 30 2007 	Average - would stay again	We stayed for two nights at this hotel. The room was clean. Bathroom was very clean. The kitchen was well supplied. The location of the hotel was very good. We could walk to most places we needed. I would stay there again.	
Jul 28 2007 	Happy with our stay	We stayed here for 2 nights and had a good time. It is in a great location, a couple of blocks from Crescent St (if you're planning on doing the drunken stumble home) and shopping. Not especially spectacular, but that's not a bad thing - just good, predictable, clean, and comfortable. The front desk staff were friendly and informative.We had a large room with 2 beds and a sofabed - apparently even the sofabed was comfy. We loved the fully equipped kitchen (everything was neatly organized, clean, and easy to find) and the welcome basket waiting for us on the dining table.The full, hot &amp; cold breakfast buffet was a great way to start the day. The make-your-own waffles were especially fun. The staff there were friendly and attentive, and cleared away your used plates quickly.The downside: 1) 'valet' parking is around the corner, but you can cut through the building next to the Residence Inn to access it. I don't know why they don't have the valet right in the lobby. 2) the elevators are very small and slow.	
Jul 25 2007 	shameful to the marriott chain	disgusting facility but even worse people serving you-unwilling to help and ignorant too -managers and asssant manager included- don't bother - stay ANYWHERE else	
Jul 6 2007	Good location no frills.	Not your fancy high-end hotel but great location - near McGill University, downtown Montreal with lots of shops and restaurants around, and a metro stop. Room had a fridge, microwave, stove and sink! Elevators were tiny - think it can only fit 5 people at most. Pool was over-chlorinated so couldn't swim. Desk Staff were very friendly and helpful. Overall good return on the money.	
Jul 6 2007 	Nice stay at the Residence Inn Montreal	The Residence Inn Montreal Downtown was a decent hotel in the middle of downtown Montreal. It was located on Peel Street, a block away from the Metro station. The purpose of our visit was the International Jazz Festival, and it was a good 2.5 km walk to the Festival each way. The rooms were ample size with a full kitchen and fridge. The only downside to the hotel is the very small, very ill equipped gym. It had a total of 1 treadmill and 1 bicycle. For business people and excercise buffs, the gym was not satisfactory. It truly needs an upgrade. The breakfast was typical Residence Inn fare - hot and cold buffet. However, if you arrive after 8:00 a.m., there is a long line and it is very crowded in the dining area. For the convenience and the ample room size the Residence Inn Downtown is worth a stay.	
Jul 6 2007 	Great Hotel	I can only say good things about this hotel. The room was clean and spacious, the bathroom was clean, the water pressure was good. The people at the front desk were very polite and helpful. While I didn't use their grocery service, it was nice to know that the staff will go grocery shopping for you at no charge and place the items directly into your fridge. Had I stayed there longer, I would have taken advantage of this. The breakfast provided was great. They have a spacious dining room so there was always a table. There was a good selection of food, including a couple of waffle makers. The staff kept the area stocked, fresh, and clean.I will certainly be returning to this hotel during my next visit to Montreal.Eric Wittkopp	
Jun 18 2007 	Our favorite hotel	We stayed at this hotel last summer while our family took a driving vacation of Niagara Falls-Montreal-Quebec and then Acadia Nat'l. Park in Maine, US.I thought the location was great. The front desk staff were friendly, available and helpful. They gave us wonderful direction sheets to Montreal attractions which had both directions to the location and the directions back to the hotel. Parking is located nearby, but not on property. We were glad to have the convenience of the valet service within 1 block of the hotel. We used our car several times during our stay.Besides the delicious daily breakfast, which was included in the price of our stay, we also were lucky enough to be there the night they hosted a light dinner reception. We stumbled upon the dinner and thought it might be a light cracker and cheese type thing. However, it saved us the expense of dinner out that night by serving a variety of foods that even our kids enjoyed. Aside from all that, our kids still talk about the rooftop, indoor pool as one of the best pools they've ever played in. I was able to walk down the hall to the laundry room and wash our clothes as they splashed around and burned off some car-ride energy.We've rec'd. this hotel to everyone we know planning a trip to Montreal. I hope you enjoy it as much as we did.	
Jun 18 2007 	excellent downtown option	You can't beat the location of the Residence Inn Downtown -- great shopping and excellent restaurants are just steps away.The hotel itself is clean and comfortable -- certainly nothing fancy, but an excellent deal for the price.Positives: - The staff were uniformly friendly and helpful.- Our room was a bit small, but perfectly adequate. The bathroom is tiny, but again, no complaints beyond that. We didn't come to Montreal to hang out at the hotel.Negatives:- Breakfast is included in the room rate, but it's really not very good. The coffee is especially abysmal. If you're a serious coffee drinker, do yourself a favour and go to one of the several cafes on the other side Peel just south of the hotel.- The elevators are tiny and slow. At busy times, the wait can be long.	
Jun 4 2007 	awesome stay at the marriott montreal	My family and I spent one night at this hotel and want to go back. It was a large room, bigger than I expected and it had a small but full kitchen. A full sized stove, fridge, microwave and dishwasher, toaster and coffee maker. The pool was on the top floor and had a rooftop balcony. It was not a huge pool but we didi ok. The kids aged11 and 13 and 2 gave their approval. It was raining so we didn't sit out on the terrace but it would be nice to do. The breakfast buffet was good, too. The hotel was a short walk to shopping but your car is parked in a garage and you can't get to it from your hotel so you have to take all your stuff with you. Also it would have been nice to go out to get some groceries to cook in the kitchen or to just go out and sight see. I'm sure we could have gone to get the car if we had wanted to but it seemed a hassle with 3 kids. It is also a short walk to the Bell Centre which is why we picked it in the first place. We will probably go back and stay longer than 1 night. We will ask about getting the car out though.	
Jun 2 2007 	Very Average	Everything about this hotel was very average. There is no one to help you with your bags when you arrive. You get fifteen minutes outside of the hotel if you are lucky. Then you have to take the car less than a block to have it parked for you. We took a suite and it was relatively large. Everything was functional but that was about it. The bathroom was small and dark. The windows were covered by curtains that do not pull back - they are attached by velcro! The air- conditioning worked well but noisy. The elevators were extremely slow and small. The location is very central but overall for $200+ a night this is not worth it.	
May 13 2007 	Wished we had booked this Hotel for the First Leg of our Vacation	Having booked a 3 night stint at the Days Inn Centre-Ville and requested Early Check In (which resulted in a 3pm check in - after arriving in MTL at 8am), my wife and I were severly unimpressed with the service we recieved and opted to book the last night of our trip at a different Montreal hotel after arriving back from Ottawa. We came across the Residence Inn by Marriott and decided to try our luck there. After dropping our rental car off, we caught a cab to the hotel. At 11am we arrived, prepared to drop our luggage off and return later in the day, we were estatic to see that our room was ready. The room was fantastic, from the view from the 16th floor balcony to the comfy (yet firm) bed. Not to mention it was a block and a half from the Atwater Metro Station, next time we're in Montreal we'll be booking our stay with the Residence Inn by Marriott.	
Apr 28 2007 	Cramped but Fine	When I first arrived, I was a bit surprised at how small and 'pokey' the reception area was. Check-in staff were fabulously welcoming, although once checked in there was a queue for the elevators which snaked back almost to the front door. The elevators, like the lobby were small and outdated and very very slow. The suite itself was much better than the first impression I had of the hotel led me to expect. A good, comfortable king bed, a great working desk with a seriously good chair enabling me to actually work comfortably and a good layout. The bathroom was so tiny, that you couldn't open the door if the bath mat was on the floor, but it was clean and perfectly adequate. The walls were paper thin - and fellow residents were particularly noisy - but it was hockey night, so it was all good natured. In all, it was a good value room in a good location, and for the purposes of a night or two, ideal for what I needed. Not altogether sure I'd be happy to stay their on a longer vacation. A colleague of mine stayed at the Clarion Suites, and the consensus of opionion was that the Residence Inn was by far the better option!	
Apr 27 2007 	Nice Hotel	This review goes back a couple years, but i just came across this website and thought I'd add my review.Stayed at this hotel during my brother's Bachelor Party weekend. The hotel had everything we needed. The small kitchen in the room was very convenient. Has a nice rooftop terrace with tables, lounge chairs etc... We brought our poker chips up there played many hands of poker. The pool is small, but it was nice to jump in for a few minutes. The service seemed fine, no issues. The free breakfast was key after a night of drinking. We would set our alarm, head down to eat, and then go back to bed =) The hotel is close to a lot of things also.. There is a mall/food court right around the corner and a movie theater. Anyhow, it was a good stay and would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 25 2007 	Very pleasant experience	We had a very pleasant experience at this hotel. Rooms were small but the friendliness and professionalism of the hotel staff compensated for that. EVERYONE in the hotel was very helpful and friendly. Location is very good: one block from major shopping, bars, and metro. Hot breakfast that they serve is typical Residence Inn breakfast, nothing special about that. We will definitely stay in this Residence Inn again.	
Jan 10 2007 	Comfortable Afordable and Friendly	I travel to Montreal for business about every 6-8 weeks and I've stayed a few hotels in the downtown area over the past 6 months. This is my second stay and I am pleased again. I booked my room on the Marriott website and got a good rate of $134 CAD per night using my CAA/AAA card. This hotel is clean and can be a good choice for both business travelers and families. There is free breakfast (cold and hot food options; buffet style), a pool, and laundry (sorry I can't remember how much but I think it was $2 for a wash load and $2 for a dryer load, plus your soap unless you bring some from home). The free wireless Internet is very good and covers the entire hotel very well; even in the laundry and social rooms. This hotel is close to many shops restaurants and a block away from the underground/indoor shopping mall (which is good when it is -10C degrees, like today). I'll write more during my next stay. Cheers.	
Sep 7 2006 	Excellent stay	We stayed 11 nights in this Marriott. The room was huge (suite 2109) as we got 2 double beds and a separate kitchen. The kitchen has all you need: microwave, fridge (making ice!), sink, forks (plates, glasses, etc. / all the cooking stuff). The breakfast is OK but does not vary everyday. They close at 9H30 sharp on weekdays so be early! The snack at 17H00 is light but nice and you can meet the director there. There are washing machines and dryers, don't forget to have some change for that. The swimming pool is not that big but OK. The bathroom is a bit small and gets quite warm when taking a shower. There is a free wireless Internet access in the hotel. Overall, excellent stay!	
Aug 27 2006 	short walk from everything	I made my reservation through Marriott and got a good rate of 159.00 (CAD) The hotel was very centrally located, only one block from the Peel St. metro station. Walking distance to Amtrak/Via, shopping, and dining. Short subway trip to everything. Room was small for Residence Inn. The bed took up most of the space. This and the slow elevators are the only things I can point to negatively. Bed was comfortable, staff was courteous, everything was meticulously clean.	
Aug 25 2006 	Great hotel!	This hotel is one of the best hotels I have stayed at. On the first day, you aregiven popcorn, coffee, and other snacks/beverages. The rooms are nice and bigand have everything, including a kitchen and sofa. Breakfast is served daily inthe mezannine. The mezannine features a big screen tv, magazines, and freeinternet. Â Upstairs is a big deck featuring beautiful views of Montreal. Also inthe hotel are washing machines, an exercise room, and a tiny swimming pool. Thehotel is located in downtown Montreal, and is walking distance to all majorshopping areas. Would recommend.	
Aug 24 2006	Pretty good choice	Stayed with my cousin at the Residence Inn for two nights in June.Great location -- bars, restaurants, etc. are all nearby. Old town is 20 minutes by foot. Fast check in. Valet parking is around the corner -- no big deal. Breakfast was sufficient not great, but filled us up for a few hours. Clean rooms, lots of cable TV channels. Overall, a good experience -- nothing fancy -- a good family-oriented hotel. Would not recommend for business, as not enough amenities. An interesting observation: my GPS that brought us directly to the hotel, got lost 30 miles north of Montreal on the way to Quebec City. I guess, they only program for the US and Canada near the US border.	
Aug 12 2006 	Decent stay but not great...some disappointment	I arrived at the Residence Inn and checked in right away. I drove to Montreal and used some old and limited canadian change I had for the pay meter. I was told I could then park in front of the 15 minute zone where I could bring my bags up to my room. I was also told I needed to take all the necessary valuables out of the car before bringing it to the valet at the garage around the corner. Well I circled around the block for about 15 minutes until I found a spot in the 15 minute zone. I needed to quickly bring my bags upstairs. I was told once I brought my car to the valet, they keep the keys for security purposes. Therefore each time I wished to access the car I would have to ask for the keys. Well I found this to be a hassle and an inconvenience, but fortunately didn't need to access my car until my departure. I found the room to be nicely air conditioned, fairly spacious and clean and in good condition. The kitchenette was a nice amenity to have. I kept juice and water and food in the refrigerator. The hotel made an arrangement to give me a room away from the elevators, and the room I had faced away from the main street and bar. So the room met my basic needs in that it was quiet and comfortable, and the staff delivered my request which I appreciated.The hotel is located almost midway between the visitor center and Mont Royal park, and a half block from the Peel metro station which is very convenient. My opinion is that the more exciting (&quot;happening&quot;) parts of town seem to be a bit further east near McGill, Place Des Arts and the Latin Quarter with many restaurants shops and stores and entertainment there.The breakfast buffet was good. There was a wide selection of cereals, bagels, pancakes, make it yourself waffles, juices and fruits. One morning I arrived (almost too late) at 9am and had to wait for 5 minutes or so to get a table, since the room was packed. The wait staff seemed to be working and cleaning tables as fast as they could. My advice is to arrive early for breakfast if you can.The staff is generally friendly, they can speak and converse in fluent english. They do say hello and smile when walking through the front entrance.I had a couple of issues during my stay. One day the maid showed up to clean at 545pm (while I was taking a nap), which was much later than I had expected. I had arrived back to my room after a long day of hiking up Mont Royal to find the sheets unchanged and room uncleaned and it was running out of towels. I spoke with the front desk and requested the maid arrive during the morning instead of the afternoon. Well the next day the maid arrived no earlier than 1pm. The front desk apologized for this but this did nothing to change the results. Maybe I just had some bad luck but be aware of some poor maid service.In addition one day I got locked inside the bathroom. The bathroom doorknob was loose. I panicked and started banging on the door for help but suddenly realized I had my cell phone with me. I found my way out of the bathroom on my own after 10 minutes. The bathroom had no telephone. I bought a rice krispies snack downstairs from the lobby and paid the front staff, then noticed 20 minutes later that complimentary cookies were available in the lobby. It would've been at least a courtesy to remind me about this. Ok I'll let this go. Please remind yourself to read the information they give you at the begining of your stay with times and services available. Otherwise you probably won't get a reminder unless you ask specifically.You may find yourself climbing the stairs during heavy traffic times because the elevators are small and slow moving up and down 23 floors.I received a special employee rate with my stay at the Residence Inn during late July, but I'm not planning on staying there again.I would expect more consistent and dependable service from a Marriott.	
Aug 7 2006 	Residence Inn--very comfortable	My family of three (me, husband, 11-year-old son) loved the location--it's in a lively area, very close to the Metro, that is clean and bright--better for us than the Hyatt or Intercontinental, which we almost chose. (We passed these two while walking around and didn't like the surroundings as much--the sheer size and architecture of the Hyatt separate it from the surrounding street life. The Intercontinental is close to the Old Town, but in a business district that wasn't as lively as Peel Street.)Other notes:We chose this because it was the best value, given the breakfast, manager's snack, free local calls, and the pool, which we didn't end up using.Our room, which was supposed to be ready by 3 p.m. on a Thursday, wasn't ready until 4:30 p.m.I booked directly with the hotel after researching options on a number of travel sites. I asked for a high floor with a view but only got the high floor.The manager's snack (we had tomatoes, macaroni salad, carrot salad, and raw fruit on Thursday) is only offered Monday through Thursday.Rooms are very clean; nice to have a daily paper. Staff seemed competent and helpful. I would have given this an excellent rating (five stars) except that I was ignored by the manager. I called his office to request a late check-out and was told only that he wasn't in, and that I could leave a message, which I did, noting that I was very happy with the service at the hotel, which I had chosen because of the very positive reviews on Tripadvisor[--]. He never returned the call. (It was about 3 p.m. on a Friday, so he may have been gone, but the person answering implied that he was simply unavailable at the moment, not that he was gone for the day.)I ended up asking the front desk directly for a late check-out and was granted one until 2 p.m. on a Saturday.	
Aug 6 2006	A little disappointed but okay	Overall, the experience was good, but we were somewhat disappointed.We arrived to find the even though the hotel is downtown and the car must be parked by a valet, there are no bellmen to help with the luggage. There IS a self-service luggage cart available. It's OK to park the car in front of the hotel on the street while you are unloading luggage, but then you must drive your car about 1/2 block to the parking garage where an attendant parks it. There is no phone service to the garage to request the car when you need it, so you have to walk back to the garage to request the car and then wait for it to be brought down. The same scenario occurs when you check out... only in reverse... bring your luggage down, and either cart it to the garage or leave it in the front lobby while you go retrieve the car. On the plus side of the &quot;no bellmen&quot; issue, you didn't have to provide any gratuities to take your luggage to the room.The front desk staff were extremely courteous and friendly and tried to be helpful. However, it seemed that most questions I asked about the area, I was referred to the Visitor Information Center which is about 1 block away. They did have a brochure on Grayline tours which apparently is the only tour company in the City. I had the impression that the front desk staff were pretty young and did not have a lot of travel experience themselves. The hotel obviously has no conceirge or tour desk, as most downtown hotels have.The breakfast buffet was very good with a lot of variety. The staff worked very hard to clear the tables as soon as guests left, so that there was adequate seating for the newcomers.The suite itself was rather small, not anywhere near as large as other Residence Inn's where we have stayed. The bathroom was extremely tiny with almost no counter space on which to put toiletries. The closet on the other hand was huge... a walk-in closet plenty big for the suitcases to be put on the floor... as there were no luggage racks on which to place the suitcases.We had requested a suite on an upper level floor and were assigned a 3rd floor suite even though the hotel is at least 20 floors. We were told that there is only one suite on each floor and all the others were already filled. This was a disappointment as we only had a view of the wall of another building.We had 2 double beds that were quite comfortable. The decor is nice. The window air conditioners did an adequate job struggling to cool the rooms during the abnormal heat wave that was prevalent in Montreal while we were there.We thought the rate of $247.00 (Canadian) was steep, especially after adding all the taxes which totalled $42.90 per night.... grand total of $289.90 each night. But then, we booked it at that rate and perhaps other downtown Montreal hotels are similar.Our issues may seem petty, but If you book this hotel thinking you will get the same services as most downtown hotels in large cities, you may be disappointed.	
Jul 29 2006 	Great location great service at the Residence Inn!	We just got back from a fun weekend stay in Montreal at the Residence Inn. We stayed here based on the good reviews we read on Tripadvisor and were not disappointed in the least! We highlly recommend this hotel for its great value, outstanding service, and the great downtown location. It's about 1 block to the Metro and in the heart of shopping, restaraunts, and the downtown nightlife. You can easily walk to museums, McGill U, and the park. You can hop on the Metro for a fast ride to the old city. The staff are all professional, friendly and knowledgable . They even have helpful pre-printed directions to/from anything you ask for. They're bilingual, so don't worry if you forgot your high school French! Our studio was large and everything was very clean and neat. The king sized bed was really comfortable! There was a seating area with a pull-out couch and desk near the window. The kitchen was great, especially the refirgerator for storing our sodas, wine and yummy local-made cheese, and the ice maker in the freezer was convienient. The bathroom felt a bit cramped, but was sparkling clean and efficient.Breakfast was plentiful and tasty with many hot/cold choices. The room was busy, but we had no problem getting a table each morning. The rooftop indoor pool is on the smaller side, but was fine for us. There is a nice outdoor terrace where we relaxed and enjoyed the city view. The parking the hotel offers is less than 1/2 block away for $15 CAD a night with fast friendly service and 24 hour in/out privledges.	
Jul 20 2006 	Residence Inn a Favorite	My husband and I stayed here based on reviews from here and our experience at a Residence Inn in San Diego in November. The customer service was great. We had assumed we would park at the hotel for the $17 a day, but arrived there only to find that my Xterra would be too tall for their garage. We asked for the best place to park and they directed us to the Semanaire (sp?) a block and a half away for $7 a day. Also gave us directions to the metro (2 blocks away) and suggestions for dinner. The room was clean, and comfy each day. The pool was fine, only used it once but there wasn't a ton of kids making a rukus. The lobby was very nice. Breakfast was very good and there was always more than enough. A little crowded (had to sit in the TV room) but otherwise alright. Went in the beginning of July for the Jazz Festival. They gave us a mini map and told us the best ways to get down St. Catherine's and to Old Montreal. If my husband didn't want to try Old Montreal next time for the atmosphere, we'd stay here everytime.	
Jul 17 2006	Solid choice without breaking the bank	We stayed one night (July 15th) at the Residence Inn by Marriott on Rue Peel in Montreal. The location is excellent, in a very nice section of town, and close to both McGill University and Concordia. The Peel Metro stop is literally right around the corner. Valet parking was $15.00 per night. The staff were polite, helpful and very bilingual.The hotel is obviously an older building, but nicely remodeled. Our room was a double; it had two full-size beds and a pull-out couch. There were four in our family and it was fine. It had a nice kitchen with fridge/microwave and even a stove. The rooms were clean and up-to-date.A free buffet breakfast was served in the morning, and it was excellent. The hotel also has a very nice terrace up on the 23rd floor, and the view of Montreal from there was spectacular.We would certainly stay here again and were very satisfied.	
Jul 5 2006	Residence Is Right Downtown	I stayed four nights at the Residence Inn which had great rooms with a little kitchenette, but there were obvious problems with the hotel. First off, there were only three small elevators in the hotel so it would take forever for you to get up to your room. The elevators were always crammed and tight. Breakfast was included and I loved making my own belgian waffles in the morning, but on weekdays breakfast ends at 9:30am which I feel is too early when you have been out late during days at the Jazz festival. Also, there aren't many tables for breakfast so you might have to wait a while to grab a seat, if it is busy. One other problem was that the pool is small and there are no changerooms so you have to change in the bathroom. Other than those problems, my stay at the Residence Inn was okay and the hotel is right downtown.	
Jun 5 2006	Would definitely stay again!	Great service, clean rooms and so convenient to the Metro. I would definitely stay there again. Located w/in walking distance to fun nightlife &amp; great shopping.	
Jun 3 2006 	A home away from home!	In the last year I have travelled alot for work, sometimes staying in an area for over a month. Out of all the hotels that I've stayed in, I'd rate the Residence inn as the best. The staff are extremely attentive and fun; they remember the names of their guest! The rooms are spacious, and very clean. They all (even the studios) have kitchens and sitting areas.Breakfast is served every morning with both hot and cold options. There is even a station to make your own waffles (an amenity that I whole heartedly took part in!). Every weekday evening hot snacks are served as well, anything from chicken wings to chili. And to top it all off, if you get back to the hotel between 4:30 and 6pm you'll be welcomed by a plate of scrumtious cookies! Now THAT's service! The lounge has a television, books and an internet station, or you can choose to relax in your room where free wireless internet is available as well.The cleaning staff, did an amazing job! Some even went as far to fold up clothes that I had left out. The bathroom and kitchen were always clean! They even did my dishes... Everyone was so pleasant, and you could tell that the staff and the &quot;residents&quot; were all happy to be there. I would stay at this place again and again and again (I've actually been there once since... and I'd write the same review!)	
Mar 3 2006 	Wonderful Stay	The rooms at the Residence Inn are pricey, but definately worth every penny. The location is great - the entrance to the underground shopping mall is only a couple minutes walk. In addition to the nice buffet breakfast, almost every day of the week there is also a manager's special in the evening where a free buffet meal is served. The lobby is tiny, but rooms are very large. Staff is friendly and very helpful. I would definately return.	
Feb 8 2006 	First time in an Inn	We found this hotel and after reading all the reviews and deceided to stay there. As we were first time visitors to montreal found its location excellent. Shopping was convenient and a tourist centre nearby to obtain all my information and buy tour tickets. All the staff were friendly, room was clean and a good size. Buffet breakfast was ample and you even given containers if you wished to take some back to you room. We have no residence type hotels where we hail from and found this concept excellent. We will now try this type of accomadation the next time we visit Canada or the US.	
Feb 5 2006 	unhappy with parking	We have stayed at the Residence Inn Marriot a few times now, but only finding out this past time that they have a parking lot downstairs that we didn't have to get to it by going outside. We had even asked about parking but nothing was said about that we could reserve a spot when making the reservation. We had to carry all our luggage out of the hotel and walk around to the back of the hotel to get to where the vehicle was. Very poor setup. I only found this out by coincidence. Also my husband was attending a course at Mcgill and I was hoping for a late checkout and all 3 times we've staying there they would not give me past 12:00. They were knocking at my door at 12:05 wondering when I'd be out. The rooms are a nice size and seems to be quite clean. It is also very conveniently located for everything.	
Jan 11 2006	Great for extended stays	Stayed at the Marriott Residence Inn for 4 nights during the New Years long weekend. I've stayed at the Marriott Chateau Champlain and Springhill Suites in Old Montreal before so expectations were high coming into this hotel.I thought the service was great. We had no problems in getting extra sheets/pillows as well as getting our sheets changed midway through our stay. They were always helpful and friendly in giving us directions to certain places.The rooms were very spacious. It had a nice decor and looked rather new or maybe even renovated. I would recommend this place for extended stays due to the full sized kitchen that is available. We only used the kitchen once but the full size refrigerator and stove was a nice touch. They even had pots, pans, dishes and utensils fully stacked for use. The only complaint would probably be the washroom bathtub. It seemed small but also elevated which was uncomfortable when showering since the ceiling was in the way. The breakfast was comparable to the Springhill Suites. Lots of choice (oatmeal, waffles, sausage, eggs, cereal, toast, pancakes, etc) and service was fast in cleaning up empty plates.The hotel is in a nice area close to downtown as well as Crescent. If you are looking to have fun in old Montréal or on st. Laurent I would not recommend staying here as it is far from those areas.One downside of staying here over new years - Too many youngsters getting drunk and causing a ruckus in the elevators. By the end of our stay the elevators were really dirty and one of them had a weird smell to it :POverall though, thumbs up :)	
Jan 7 2006	Had a Great New Years in Montreal!	You can't ask for anything more when your hotel is situated within walking distance from all the bars, shopping, and the mountain! And if you can't walk there...the Metro is on the corner. All this for an affordable price (even for New Year's). There is a roof deck that has an amazing view of the city and is open even in the winter...just bundle up bc there is nothing like the artic air in Canada. This is definately a great place to stay if you want a clean, friendly, and conviently located hotel at a great price. The hotel desk staff are also very knowledgable and are more than willing to help you with the local clubs and bars. One girl was especially impressive, not only did she know where any and everything was, she also spoke 3 languages fluently. If I must complain about something (and this is really nit picking) it would be that the inside sheet on the bed is a little rough...no problem, just remove it off the bed completely...I think they really bleach the sheets to kill all the germs which is a good thing!	
Dec 3 2005	Great value and location	We wanted to stay close to the Museum of Fine Arts and this hotel sounded good, according to other reviews. We were not disappointed; in fact we were delighted with our choice, as was the couple with whom we travelled to Montreal. The hotel is also close to the McCord Museum, to the Ste. Catherine Street shops, to good restaurants and to a Metro station. It was a 10-minute walk from the mainline train station.We got a very good rate, with a senior discount, and were upgraded to a one-bedroom suite. The hotel has recently been refurbished and the suite was not large but immaculate and nicely furnished, with superior quality bedding (duvets and lots of down pillows). The front desk staff were all very friendly and helpful, and the complimentary buffet breakfast was more than adequate. What a joy to find a reasonably priced hotel of this quality.	
Oct 24 2005	great end to a great holiday	We have stayed in a lot of mid-range hotels over the years and the room decor is usually very similarly uninspiring and, often, more than a little tired. This hotel was a huge breath of fresh air. We were on the 18th floor. The room was fabulous. Large, bright and airy. Modern but cosy decor, a very well equiped kitchen area and lots of storage space. Nothing remotely tired about it. The bed was huge and wonderfully comfortable. If I had to find a fault it would be that the bathroom is small in comparison to the rest of the room, but was still an adequate size. We found the hotel staff very courteous and helpful, both on reception and in the breakfast room. Breakfast itself was excellent, even more so as it was unexpectedly included in the rate. There was a very good choice of food, although it does get very busy and some people are very aggressive in a buffet situation! The pool and gym on the top floor seemed very well kept, though the pool is more of a plunge pool than a swimming pool. Not particularly big. There was a great view from this floor too, as well as some sort of outdoor rooftop bar, but we did not utilise any of these facilities over our 4 day stay as we were far too busy. The hotel is in a great location. We ate in excellent restaurants every night and none were more than a 5-10 minute walk away. Downtown with all its shops and restaurants are on the doorstep, as is the metro station. It is possible to walk to the Old town and the Plateau area but we found the metro easy, cheap and a lot kinder to the feet.	
Oct 23 2005	A really great choice	This hotel is very conveniently located in downtown Montreal. The rooms are very big, all of them have a small kitchen. The service was very friendly and the breakfast (included in the room price) was a very good way to start the day.	
Oct 5 2005	Gets my vote for customer service	We stayed at the Marriott in Sept. 2005. We arrived without reservations because of a foul up at another hotel(not related) Marriott was able to give us 2 rooms for 2 nights and went out of their way to find us other accomodations for the rest of our trip despite there being several conventions in town &amp; most hotels being booked. I encontered good service from everyone I dealt with at the hotel. As mentioned in the other posters, hotel is convinient to metro. We walked to Old town, chinatown and had several places to eat within a block or two.	
Oct 5 2005	Great hotel for a break in Montreal	Excellent location in Downtown just off Rue Sainte Catherine which has lots of bars, restaurants and shopping. Very nice room. Breakfast in the morning was very good. Very helpful staff but one of them advised us of a walk which took us down a slightly unsavoury part of the city at 9am on a Sunday morning which wasn't great.Have stayed in another Residence Inn in the US which was soulless but would highly recommend the Montreal location.	
Oct 4 2005	very happy with this hotel	I chose this hotel based on prior reviews and my mother and I were not disappointed. Our room was very comfortable and spacious, clean, and quiet. We didn't take advantage of the kitchen but it was great to have it. If we'd stayed longer I would've used it. The buffet breakfast was decent (especially because it was included in the rate) and saved us time and money in the morning. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful. It was in a good location near the metro. I would definitely recommend it.	
Oct 1 2005 	Great downtown location...	Very pleasantly surprised by this hotel - my fourth stop on a two week business trip and by far the best price-quality ratio. The room was spacious and very clean. Bed was fine - not quite as luxurious as a Sweet Sleeper but I was paying about 60 USD less a night than previous Sheraton. Bathroom fine. Decent shower. Free WIFI internet here which is very much a plus for a business traveller. Have to admit that it's probably my personal bugbear with many high-end hotels - rip-off charges for broadband internet connections (a service on which they must make a huge profit margin generally!). Kitchenette in room is really handy - with microwave, hob, large fridge and dishwasher. If travelling on a budget or for an extended stay - it really does make it more like being at home, rather than a hotel. Sometimes you just don't want to eat out! Breakfast was fine - can't complain when it's included in the rate. I've been charged USD 20 for similar buffet spreads in other hotels. Small gym and pool on the top floor - OK to keep up with exercise regime - but there's also a big sports school opposite - at which I guess you could get a day membership if you were really keen. Great view from the roof-top terrace. Peel Metro station is just round the corner, so great location to get around the city. Friendly staff on the reception. Would stay here again when next in MTL.	
Sep 22 2005	Better Than I Thought It Would be	The candid photos do not do the rooms justice. The designers of the rooms did quite a bit with lighting, curtains, and nice accents such as the marble countertop and wood-framed mirrors in the bathroom to update what was an older and smaller hotel. What you get is a small room with good ambience and a kitchen for extended stay. The corridors have nice marble flooring. The roof-top deck is a really beautiful place to relax, and the gym is complete enough for a decent workout.	
Sep 12 2005	Great Hotel and Location!	After reading several reviews I decided to go ahead and reserve a room. I have stayed at several hotels in Montreal at the same price range so I wanted a change. Upon arrival the staff was courteous and provided excellent service. They provided a double bed room after notifiying them that we had an additional guest. The rooms were clean and the breakfast was excellent. The location provided everything within walking distance. I will definetely stay again.	
Sep 12 2005 	About the breakfast...	I had a very nice room and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel but the breakfast was not great to me; I like strong coffee and a bit of baguette or croissant so I didn't care about all the waffles and eggs...the coffee was really weak--the only weak coffee I had in Montreal! The bread offered was white wonder-type bread. There is however a great bakery and coffeeshop just down the block called Le Pain d'Ore so I was fine with that. I will be staying at the hotel again very soon so this is really just a message for those coffee lovers out there--oh, you can also make your own coffee in your room!	
Sep 7 2005	Great location and service	The hotel is in a great location. Of course you all have to realize this is not the 4 Seasons, so dont go in there expecting marble in the bathroom, and glass showers, but the hotel is very nice and clean. They give a complimentary breakfast every morning, and from what I hear its pretty decent. I am not a morning person...so I cant tell you personally how it is... The hotel staff was very friendly and willing to help the best they could for any situation.... Overall I would recommend this hotel...	
Aug 21 2005	Great no-fuss hotel	We were supposed to stay at a bigger name hotel for our long weekend in Montreal, but that went down the drain after reading the reviews on that particular hotel. After reading the great reviews on the Residence Inn, we decided to give it a shot. And indeed we were right to do so. Room itself is pretty basic but immaculate. Housekeeping keeps the room clean. The only negative part about the room is the airconditioning unit, which is a bit loud. The breakfast buffet is good with a huge selection of options from sausages to waffles to fruits and yoghurt. Frontdesk people were helpful as stated in previous reviews. All in all a great no-fuss, no-frills hotel.	
Aug 12 2005	I'd take up residence!	Just stayed at the residence Inn Montreal. It has a beautiful lobby, we had a great room, clean, air conditioning, fluffy comforters (unlike most hotels), and friendly staff. The view from the pool and deck are great. Thanks to previous reviews I picked this hotel and loved it.Hotel was one block from the metro, which is very easy to navigate.	
Aug 10 2005	Great value and service!	We stayed here in early August, 2005. Overall, I'd agree with the other reviews posted - great breakfast, excellent location and a friendly staff. We were lucky to stay on the 6th floor - the elevators are very small, and since the hotel is so popular, there can be quite a wait for them. So we used the stairs alot. Breakfast area was crowded unless we arrived early - before 8:00 am - but it was a busy time of the year for visitors.We asked the staff for information, and they were very helpful. Location for the Metro was great. We used it to travel all over the city.Lastly, view from the rooftop patio was great. Nice place to relax up there.We wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel!	
Aug 9 2005	Spacious and Clean	Our stay was for three nights with our adult daughter. The room was very spacious, cool, comfortable, quiet and extremely clean. The hotel itself was extremely clean with a courteous and helpful staff. The three elevators were small and slow, but well worth the wait....no complaints about that. The breakfast buffet was a great start to the day with a bit of something for everyones likings. It was however very busy, but very accomodating. We had no problem with the parking garage. I would definitely stay there again and would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 6 2005	Great Hotel!	After reading TripAdvisor reviews we decided on the Residence Inn Montreal Downtown and were not disappointed. Stayed there on Sat, July 30th. Front desk very helpful and courteous. Great location, 1/2 a block to the Peel Metro station. We got there Sat morning, too early to get into the room, but we checked our luggage in at the front desk and took the Metro to the Botanical Gardens/Insectarium/Olympic Park. Went very smooth. I should note that signs denoting legal street parking are difficult to decipher; however, we parked on the hotel side of the street, near the hotel, but not in the hotel loading zone. We parked there overnight on a Saturday. No ticket. Saved $22 Canadian, which is the cost of the private parking lot which the hotel refers you to. Rooms as described in previous postings. No surprises. Complimentary breakfast buffet is solid. Scrambled eggs, sausage patties, cereals, yogurt, waffle station, coffee, juice, etc. Exceeded my expectations for something that was free. Asked front desk for late check out at 2 pm. No problem. This hotel has such a high occupancy rate, the 3 small elevators can be overwhelmed, leading to long wait times.Overall, a great place and we would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 31 2005	Great stay	We stayed here on two different occasions in late July. The downtown location was excellent. The Peel metro station was around the corner, and shopping and dining options were everywhere. The staff was extremely helpful throughout our stay. The rooms are standard Marriott - good quality but nothing trendy or unique. The rooftop patio offered a nice view of the city. The only complaint we had was the slow elevators. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 12 2005	A good choice	We just spent four nights at the Downtown Montreal Residence Inn while attending the Montreal Jazz Festival. It was close to everything in that area including Old Montreal and all of the concerts. This is a nice event for the entire family. The hotel was perfect for a family with the additional small kitchen facilities including stove, microwave, dishes, pans, fridge, sink and dishwasher no less. A hot breakfast buffet is served everyday and that makes it a good value. All of the accomodations were first rate. This hotel is best if you don't have a car due to the very close proximity to the Metro. However, if you do have a car which we did, there was much confusion, discord and disorganization with the contracted garage service the hotel uses. There needs to be a meeting between them to resolve very obvious problems in that relationship. The garage service attendants were abrasive and my husband was given three different sets of instructions about our car by three different people on the same day.Montreal is lovely and recommend the city.	
Jul 5 2005	Good Value great Location amazing service	This hotel is the best I have ever visited in North America in terms of value, location, amenities and service.My wife, baby daughter and I arrived here at short notice and the check in staff bent over backwards to accommodate our booking. We ended up in a room which I could only describe as a suite- bathroom, 2 double beds, fitted kitchen, dining area with table and chairs and a lounge area with setee and coffee table (not to mention the walk in wardrobe). We paid $195CDN per night but it was worth it. Valet parking, rooftop cocktail bar, rooftop pool and gym were all nice touches. The only downside was that the hotel had no restaurant, but who wants to eat in a hotel in the centre of Montreal? The staff recommended a trendy eaterie two blocks away on St. Catherines called Reubens and it was so good we went back the following night.Breakfast in the hotel is buffet style with anything you can think of, and as much of it as you want!!! Hot Snacks are provided each evening and complimentary fruit, drinks and yogurts etc throughout the day. The communal lounge has free internet access for residents.Last but definitely not least the staff know just when to approach, not too aloof yet not too in your face. I have never seen a more helpful, professional and friendly team of workers.	
Jul 1 2005	Excellent Hotel 	From the moment we arrived at the Hotel and greeted by the lovely Irina, we knew that this was a great choice of places to stay in Montreal.The location is right in the heart of downtown, close to everything including the main shopping street of Rue St Catherine and walking around the city is really easy. The double decker bus tours - the two hour one gives a good overview of the city - depart just 5 minutes away from the hotel.We were on the 12th floor and our suite comprised huge room with kitchen facilities, bathroom, sofa and dining table. Also the obligatory free internet which is what I am using to write this review.The beds are to die for with heavenly pillows and a quilt which both assisted towards a great night's sleep last night.Today is Canada Day - 1st July - and parades are scheduled for this morning. The Jazz festival is also on this week and creates a huge amount of interest in the city.I can recommend the Residence Inn as a great place to stay and Montreal as a lovely place to visit.	
May 11 2005	Best Location	Husband and I just returned from a wonderful 5 days in Montreal. Absolutely loved the Marriott hotel. Hot breakfast every morning and an evening snack. Room was spacious, very clean. All staff we encountered were extremely friendly and professional. The very best thing was the excellent location. Steps to the Peel Metro, shopping on Ste. Catherine and one street over from Avis. Next door to the hotel was a great sushi rest (I think the name is Mikado sushi)-so good, we ate there twice. Loved walking along St. Denis and St. Laurent. Not a bad meal to be had. Although, we recommend Premier Poussion croissants over Pain Dore any day. Also, the hotel closed its rooftop pool the Sunday we were there for renovations-not sure how long it will stay closed. Our favorite memory will be walking along the water front of Vieux Montreal after our excellent lunch at Usine de Spaghetti Parisienne. It was such a beautiful day, we lounged on the park bench for hours people watching. After buying an ice cream at one of the many shops, we headed toward St. Sulpice and Notre Dame Cathedrale. We couldn't resist buying a small Christmas souvenir at a Noel shop on St. Sulpice. The Notre Dame was amazing. Overall, an amazing vacation!	
Mar 18 2005	TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE...	This hotel stay was the best I haved experienced in several years. The room was large with a full kitchen, dining table, sofa, large walk-in closet and windows that open. A &quot;free&quot; breakfast of scrambled eggs, pancakes, sausage, fresh fruit, juices, etc. was available every morning. The staff was outstanding and checked with us several times to make sure all of our needs were being met! The metro station was around the corner and numerous excellent restaurants were within walking distance.The only negative comment would be the exercise room was pretty small and often one had to wait to use a machine.	
Jan 2 2005	It is outstanding	nice and very helpfull staff Extras include free unlimited high speed internet acess , evening snake and daily newspaper.It is excellent !	
Dec 17 2004	This place is great...	A great location. Very close to the Metro, Crescent St., and underground shopping. The staff are some of the friendliest people that I've encountered on my travels. They are so attentive and knowledgable of the city. They recommended great restaurants and helped us find all the touristy spots! The rooms are very clean. Per other reviews, I didn't feel the studios were small at all. They were very clean and the space well used. Full sized coffee pot too!!! Bathroom size was good too. The breakfast buffet is fantastic and free! This is not your typical cold cereal and a donut type spread. Eggs, beans, sausage, toasts, bagels, waffles, etc. It's a great deal.We'll definately be back in the summer! Kinda chilly there in December.P.S. Merci pour faire notre séjour Julie si agréable!	
Oct 23 2004	Great Location	The staff could not have been more attentive. We got excellent recommendations for dinner, tours and directions. The hotel is located right downtown- close to McGill, St. Catherine's and the Peel T.The bed was a little hard and half of the light blocking curtain was missing so this stay doesn't get a 5. But, really, the front desk was the best I've ever experienced. Definitely would stay there again.	
Sep 11 2004	Pretty nice-would have liked a bigger room	Very nice property with the following caveats.Studio room was rather small and the furniture placement was just wrong.Bathrooms are small and the toilet has to be the tiniest I have ever seen-very uncomfortable.Staff was friendly enough-I just wish they would have upgraded me to a slightly larger room.House keeping was superior.Breakfast room was very nice,as was the terrace.All in all I prefer the Springhill suites in Old Montreal-but that has gotten to be very pricey-often more than the 4 star full service Marriott Chateau Champlain.	
Aug 19 2004	Excellent location - excellent hotel	Mariott's branding can be confusing as the only thing that would designate this a Residence Inn is the inclusion of a kitchen. Nevertheless, this is a fantastic downtown hotel. Just off the main drag, on quiet and appealing Peel Street, but walking distance from all of the interesting sites, restaurants, culture, not to mention easy access to the Metro. Rooms are a bit tight, but sparkling new and comfortable. A real winner here.	
Aug 16 2004	Beat Our Expectations	Family of Five had two rooms across from each other. Both rooms nicely funished with plenty of room. The added feature of the mini kitchen came in handy. Breakfast was more than we expected - hot food !!! The staff was helpful, courteous and fun. The direction library at the front desk was terrific. We'll be back.	
Jun 30 2004	Montreal's best kept secret!	The Residence Inn in downtown Montreal has to be the best place to stay based on price, location and service! My wife, toddler and I just returned from a vacation in Montreal. The daily rate for accomodation at the Inn was very fair in comparision with some of the higher priced hotels and it had everything we needed for convenience i.e. full kitchen and utensils, laundry facilities, etc. The room was clean and up to date with the decor. Most importantly, the staff seemed genuinely friendly and helpful. The free daily hot breakfast was a plus and saved us on having to incurr this morning expense. The Inn was close to the subway system and within walking distance to local landmarks, shopping and restaurants. Merci beaucoup!!	
Jun 29 2004	A nice little city hotel	We selected this hotel for our Montreal stay based upon other reviews on this web page and based on price. We were very happy with our selection.The hotel is very centrally located on Rue Peel with a metro subway station just around the corner. It also has the charm of a small hotel with the conveniences of a much larger one. Our room was very nice for a city hotel -- larger than many with the added convenience of the kitchenette that is pretty complete, lacking only an oven though there was a microwave and stove top. However, we had little need to use it since the hotel provides a very substantial breakfast buffet. We weren't impressed with the weekday afternoon &quot;snacks&quot; -- pretty limited and generic. But the staff were wonderful, the room was immaculate and well cared-for during our stay, and the location really was fabulous. Close enough to the rowdy Rue Crescent to walk there, but on a much quieter street and in a safer area. And contrary to some reviews here, we hardly had any trouble with the limited, small elevators. Even though we were on the top floor of rooms, we still only had to wait for any length of time once in three days.	
Jun 23 2004	Great hotel in a great location.	 We only stayed one night because we were flying out the next day, but from the moment we walked into the place, we knew it would be delightful. The staff that welcomed us were very pleasant and helpful, and they were throughout our stay. Our room was lovely and spacious. When we discovered that pets could also stay at the hotel, we wished that we could get our pets from back home and just stay for the month. There was a lovely basket of tea and coffee as well as a package of microwavable popcorn. Everything was there that a person might need, including a jar of hard candies.  We were given a king room on a smoking floor although we had requested non-smoking. We tried to live with it, but later in the evening, we had to request a different room. They did give us another room on a non-smoking floor, and we enjoyed it.  We especially enjoyed their pool on the top floor. The water was warm and the view of all the tall buildings right from the pool was lovely. We enjoyed it so much that we got up early the next morning and went in again before breakfast.  The breakfast was bountiful, including everything that was needed to make your own Belgium waffles. The breakfast included hot food and cold cereals, as well as fresh fruit. We really enjoyed our comfortable beds, especially the comforters which I think were down-filled. And there were 3 fluffy pillows on each bed. No need to call for another pillow! We regretted that we had to leave so soon. It would have been nice to stay for the free supper with the manager that was being served the next night. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 21 2004	Great stay!		
Apr 4 2004	Great stay		
Mar 15 2004	Excellent hotel		
Jan 8 2004	Great Vacation!		
Oct 17 2003	Just fine		
Sep 9 2003	Good hotel with a few problems		
Aug 9 2003	Very good value Residence Inn-Montreal		
Apr 7 2003	nice place nice price		
Aug 24 2002	Nice Place		
May 28 2002	Excellent value		
May 19 2009 	Attention à votre automobile		
Apr 13 2009 	très central excellent accueil!		
Feb 18 2009 	Situation idéale		
Jan 18 2009 	À choisir absolument		
Dec 23 2008 	Agréable Hôtel		
Nov 19 2008 	Service impeccable; idéalement placé		
May 3 2008 	davvero bello		
