Nov 14 2009 	Was I staying at the same hotel as the others?	Traveling with spouse and friends for first time visit to Montreal. At check-in Bellman asked what papers we would like to receive .. got none Large rooms but both of them had extremely uncomfortable beds and pillows. Friends received turn down service we received nothing and are members of Loews First, they are not. Concierge sent us on wild goose chase that cost us quite a few bucks only to return to hotel neighborhood to find what we were looking for on our own. Beware of rooms on street side as weekend partying gets intense into the wee hours. Other Loews we have stayed at always professional and memorable. This one needs some help!	
Nov 13 2009 	Large Rooms City Center	Nice hotel. Great Location. Very child friendly. Carpet in the room could use replacing and room service could use a little work.	
Oct 15 2009 	Week-end getaway made perfect	Big, bright, beautiful room, with a bed so large, I joked with my wife that I needed a shuttle bus to get around it! Most comfortable bed I have ever encountered. Bathroom was of spotless marble. Front desk staff, concierge and door-men were lovely genuine people who went out of their way for us. Hotel bar and restuarant are small upscale brass, mahogony and candle-lit. Hotel is around the corner from St. Catherine St. and with the new Bixi Bikes all over the downtown, a short bike ride from all of the downtown. Lots of restaurants and bars nearby. Do not be concerned about the reports of noise. Friday and Sat. night there was activity on the street, but nothing to bother us trying to sleep. I would be more worried if the hotel was right on St. Catherine, but it is not.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great hotel in Montreal	The Loews is next to great shopping, but a bit far from Old Montreal town. You'd have to cab it there. The rooms were quite nice - very comfortable beds, flat screen TV, big tub, robes, umbrella in the closet, stereo to plug in your iphone/ipod. The front desk was also very helpful in helping us find a restaurant. The parking at the hotel is $33/day (you can go in/out). However, if you're planning to go in/out, there is an outside parking lot right next to the hotel for $20 for 24 hours.	
Oct 8 2009 	Always meets or surpasses expectations...	We've been going to the Loew's Vogue at least once a year for the past several years. One of their better traits is the consistent superb experience in dealing with their staff at all levels. They are always bright, helpful, and sincere. We cannot recollect a situation that was handled in the best possible way by this boutique hotel. Not only are they centrally located in Montreal to all the best shopping and most of the high dining establishments but they are regarded as a pet friendly place. They treat customer's pets as though they are customers in their own right. Loews Vogue keeps us coming back time and again to Montreal as they keep their charm.	
Oct 6 2009 	The perfect getaway hotel in downtown Montréal	We stayed at the Vogue for 3 nights and were very satisfied with the hotel. Upon arrival just around lunch time, the rooms were already prepared for check-in. We booked a sweet deal package in a Luxury King room which included continental breakfast by room service. Without any fuzz you could upgrade the breakfast to include eggs and ham etc for a few dollars. As the hotel did not have any breakfast buffet (only ala carte in the Cellini restaurant) the room service option was very convenient. Everyone in the staff were very helpful and accomodating everytime. Rooms were large and comfortable and the bathroom featured a flat screen tv, bubble bath and a separate shower cabin. Our in-room coffee maker with complimentary coffee was used several times a day. The only downsides were that you could not adjust the temperature in the room, just turn the a/c on or off. It did not bother us much though so we never called and asked if that was something they could do anything about. Traffic can be bothersome somtimes so if you are easily disturbed by noise from the street, bring earplugs or ask for a courtyard room if they have any. Just a hint, do NOT go to the Cellini restaurant for drinks. The hotel bar Opera was full so we went to the restaurant instead. Nice and friendly service and all but the bartender had absolutely no clue of how to mix drinks. A better advice is to order drinks from Opera and bring them to the lounge area by the reception.	
Sep 29 2009 	Clean Quiet Great Service	My wife and I stayed here during the first two days of a trip around Quebec. Service from the moment we pulled up was prompt, efficient and professional. All requests were handled professionally and with a smile. Bed was extremely comfortable and the views of the city from our room were great (and suprisingly quiet). Room service was fast and the food was great. One of the better 'smoked meat' sandwhiches I had on the whole trip. We will certainly stay here again when in the area.	
Sep 13 2009 	Service with a smile	From the outset, the front desk, the doorman and the concierg always referred to as Mr and Mrs. so and so. As the hotel is somewhat small, this intimacy made the experience very special.The rooms were decent size, beds were dreamy and the bathrooms were oversized . We had a corner room with 3 large windows.We used the valet services for our car. They were quite prompt in bringing our car to the front of the hotel. We used taxis at night and they were easily summoned by the doorman.The small lobby had free wifi.This downtown location is close to most of the business and tourist venues	
Sep 10 2009 	Very nice location - comfy bed!	I just visited Montreal with my mom and we stayed at Loews Vogue for 3 nights. Great location - right by Rue Sainte-Catherine in downtown, great location if you love to shop. Also there are lots of great restaurants and nightlife near by. Walking distance to a metro station, comfy beds, large bathroom, also if you are jogger you will be close enough to jog to Old Montreal or Mont Royal in the morning. I highly recommend it.	
Aug 26 2009 	Top notch service	I'm late with this review, but needed to say that we loved this hotel when we visited Montreal at the beginning of this year. On a totally crazy whim, we decided to go to Montreal in the dead of winter. And not to ski. Man oh man, it was absolutely frigid that weekend! So cold that the windshield wiper fluid froze the moment it hit the windshield. But the room made the whole trip totally worthwhile.It was a couple of days after my daughter's 8th birthday, which I must have mentioned when I made the reservations, and when we got to the room, they had milk and cookies for us, as well as the most gorgeous gourmet cake with a happy birthday message on it for her and a handwritten note from the manager. The room was amazing, the bathroom (bathtub!) was amazing. Very plush. Great location - easy to walk anywhere (we actually did walk around in the subzero temps), easy to get on the subway. And the front desk staff and concierge were all terrific. This hotel is super family friendly. When you check in, they give the kids a new toy, and they also have a huge jar of M&amp;Ms at the front desk, which my kids helped themselves to more than they should have.We got a good deal, which included a free night's stay as well as a $100 voucher for room service.Highly highly recommended.	
Aug 3 2009 	Loews is now one of my favourite hotel brands!	I had a wonderful one-night stay in January en route to Quebec City. After having stayed at the Hotel Vogue in Montreal, and at the Loews in Miami Beach, I can safely say that Loews is now one of my favourite hotel brands - the level of service and accommodation is top-notch!We found an amazing deal on the hotel website -- $229 for a King room including continental room service breakfast for two and valet parking (I did the math, and valet &amp; breakfast on their own would have been over $70). My boyfriend decided not to have the continental breakfast, and simply paid the difference between it and another breakfast option.Pro's:-While quite small, there is a clean and comfortable lobby with a fireplace sitting area and two free internet stations near the concierge desk- Friendly staff throughout the hotel, from guest services, to room service, to the valet attendants- Huge room! Loads of space for storage, tons of room for walking, there was even a separate makeup area with a mirrored counter and stool outside the bathroom- Huge bathroom! Included a separate shower and a jacuzzi tub with a small flat screen TV; overall quite nicely appointed (lots of marble) though it felt a bit 'early 90s'- Great location: Right next to St Catherine, across the street from Ogilvy and down the block from Holt RenfrewCon's:- The only minor complaint is that they forgot turndown service even though it was requested at check-in; we mentioned the error when checking out and they were very apologetic; I also mentioned this in the online customer satisfaction survey that was emailed to me after our stay, and I got a personal email of apology from the hotel (nice touch!)I absolutely would not hestitate to stay here again the next time I am in Montreal, and am just a bit sad that I didn't get to spend more time in our spacious room!	
Aug 2 2009 	Great hotel just a little less in the service department than I would expect from a 5-Star.	Don't get me wrong - this is a phenomenal hotel - the bathrooms alone are the size of some hotel rooms! We had a jacuzzi bathtub, which was great to soak in after a few days of walking everywhere. The robes provided were heavenly and the bedding was incredibly soft! Beware, though - parking is $32/day, but there are in and out privileges. The work out facility is nice, but there is no pool. Also, as another member remarked, you must request turn-down service. I am used to it being provided. Also, there is shoe shine if you leave shoes outside door. Staff was relatively helpful, but I feel we had to wait in line for concierge every time we wanted to talk with her.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Stay at the Vogue	Great rooms, big marble bathroom, ipod docking and all the other amenties that you would expect.But it was the staff that really made us feel welcome from the moment we arrived. Thanks to everyone for a fun weekend in Montreal.	
Jul 22 2009 	Not Five Stars but seemed to be best in Montreal	This hotel is perfectly fine. It has a good locations, we would have preferred to be in old Montreal but their wasn't a hotel in that area that really met our needs. The hotel has good service except on the night of our arrival the concierge was not there so we had to go by the guidebooks. The hotel has amenities that you would see at a Ritz or a four seasons, from the flat panel TV in the bathroom to the separate shower and bath. So i guess i would put it in the class of standard Ritz's. But this seem to be the nicest hotel in Montreal. Although the Ritz Carlton was still under constructions so we didn't get to see that hotel.	
Jul 6 2009 	Superb Hotel Stay	This hotel looked exactly like the photos. It was lovely with many little appointments that made it special- two robes, two hairdryer stations: one in the large bathroom in front of the magnified/lit make up mirror and one at a sweet little make-up area outside the bathroom with a seat and make up lamps. Tip: bring bath salts- they have excellent large jacuzzi tubs with a small flat screen tv in the bathroom that begs for long luxurious bathing. I worried about loud parties on the street because of reviews I'd read but it was absolutely silent in our perfect room (505 - a corner room in the back- king size bed- huge bathroom). The concierge services were great- They recommended restaurants, walking routes and gave maps with easy directions for specific areas we wanted to visit. The restaurant in the hotel- Cellini- was also quite good and very convenient with a good selection of Italian red wines at very affordable prices ($50). We didn't get the turn down service until we requested it. Be sure you do as they provide two bottles of water per night! REally a lovely, gracious hotel- Only improvement to be made is the carpet in our room was tired and stained- rest of the room was perfect.	
Jun 11 2009 	this hotel is just ok	I don't get what all the hype surrounding the reviews of this hotel is all about. It is just ok. It is a 5 star hotel with service and accommodations that are good but not excellent. This hotel offers you nothing special and the staff is polite but not overly friendly. Amenities are alright but certainly nothing special as you would expect in a 5 star hotel. The gym facilities are inadequate and they allow you to access a gym facility which is nice, 3 blocks away for a fee of $15 for each workout. They did not give us turn down service at night which is what you would expect at a &quot;classy&quot; hotel. The front desk staff also made a comment that we made our reservations through an on-line company and not directly through the hotel. Not sure what he meant to say but, well..... i'll give them the benefit of the doubt. Honestly if you are looking to stay in a 5 star hotel and want royal treatment with great amenities, i would look into another hotel.	
May 10 2009 	Perfect - noise was minimal	A friend and I booked this hotel last minute through hotwire ($130/night all in) and it was absolutely perfect. The room was great - large, well-equipped, clean, and modern. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was huge. The room had small touches that many hotels overlook - full length mirror, great bathrobes, good lighting, plenty of towels, heavy drapes that block out the morning light, an umbrella in the closet, etc. None of these things are particularly luxurious, but they speak to the staff's/management's understanding of hospitality. The hotel is pet-friendly. I brought my dog, and the staff loved him. (The hotel bills itself as the most pet-friendly hotel chain around, so there's a good chance that part of the job is to pretend you like animals even if you don't. But either way, they gave my dog a lot of attention, and didn't bat an eye when he peed on the flower pot right in front of the hotel. They just smiled and washed it off.) The website says it's $25/stay to bring your pet, but they didn't charge us.In addition to indulging my dog, the staff was great for other reasons - just super friendly and helpful without being overbearing. I think the word I'm looking for is &quot;professional.&quot; The concierges were both great too - we took one of their two recommendations for dinner (Mechant Boeuf - very good). I also got a recommendation from a friend for another restaurant (Au Pied de Cochon - outstanding) and the concierge got us in. (It was early - 6PM - but we were still really pleased.)Others have mentioned that noise was a problem. We were on the second floor facing the street, and noise really wasn't an issue. I wore earplugs on Friday night, and slept like a baby. I went earplug-free on Saturday night, and I woke up for a second around 3AM, but didn't have a problem falling back asleep. It really wasn't that loud - perhaps they have replaced the windows? Or maybe it's not an issue on lower floors, because the bars are on the next block over?I spend a lot of time researching hotels before I commit - I feel like half the fun of a vacation is the hotel. (Note: go to [--] to figure out which hotel you are getting through hotwire.) This one didn't disappoint!	
May 9 2009 	Great Rooms Amazing staff and a great location	Just returned from a vacation at the Lowes and the hotel is great.   The staff goes above and beyond in making you feel welcome and attending to your every need.   The rooms are spacious and you sink right into the bed.  Loved the bathroom with the oversize Jacuzzi tub.  The concierge deserve a special mention as they gave us great recommendations for sightseeing as well as set us up with dinner reservations at some amazing restaurants that they recommended.    Montreal is a great city and this hotel is the place to stay.	
May 4 2009 	Nice but !!	Just came back from another Great trip to Montreal. What a great city.Loews is in a great location and the rooms and the staff are great overall.My only concerns were--we were in room 702 , very noisy and almost seemed like the windows were open.You can hear every partier on De La Montagne!!The one thing I didn't like was when we booked we took a higher rate as we were getting a food and beverage credit of $100. They don't tell you that you can't use this in the restaurant and is only good for the bar,mini bar or room service.The prices are of course outrageous so in fact you are getting very little for your money. $4.25 plus tax and tip for a can of coke...;Overall, a nice hotel with a great location.Ask for a room not facing De La Montagne...	
Apr 18 2009 	Loews is lovely	We stayed in a Loews hotel in Miami Beach and LOVED it and so we chose this hotel in Montreal and were not at all disappointed. The service was impeccable, rooms wonderfully appointed and location was great for a little shopping. Street noise was our only complaint...we stay in NYC all the time and this definitely rivaled any noise we've ever experienced there. Bar patrons outside to smoke were noisy until the wee hours and reveling students from the nearby university were very loud using this street as a cut-through. We stayed Wed-Sun and while the weekend noise was slightly more intense, it was lous all of the nights. I'm sure requesting a room off of the street would do the trick. We are still very pleased with the Loews chain and would definitely return to any Loews in the future.	
Apr 8 2009 	Superb service perfect location - Loews has it all	Most hotels use location as a major incentive, Loews didn't need that. The service was enough.Since we had checked into the hotel late after a long flight, we had been very tired and the clean rooms, quick service and excellent amenities made us feel right at home. The rooms were well sized, with large bathrooms. The hotel interior was not of a very modern design but that's what made gave it more character, in my opinion.The hotel , like others, is a very short walk to the major tourist hotspots and a brief walk away from the tourist information center so that was helpful. The tour operators also do pickups from the hotel, unless there is an event or a festival and the roads are blocked. The hotel is only a block or two away from Crescent street where quite a few of the bars/restaurants are located. The price of the rooms is reasonable, for a 5 star hotel as i think there are other hotels who charge much more for mediocre service. The best part of the hotel was the staff, who were always very courteous, the in-room dining was so good that you didn't feel like going out elsewhere. Would highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for a quick weekend getaway as well.	
Apr 6 2009	It is nice enough for a night	I stayed here recently with my niece who is in college. My expectations were through the roof as the rating is very high in Trip Advisor. The experience was just okay, however. The rooms were clean. The hotel is bright. But the stay was not at all memorable.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great Place To Stay In Montreal!	Had 3 fantastic nights at the Vogue on our way to Tremblant at the end of March. Top service and unbeatable location. Rooms are spacious although the carpets are a bit run down. Brilliant bathrooms - loved the jet baths. My only slight complain is that, when we ordered a stretch limo to pick us up from the airport due to the fact that we had a lot of luggage, we were greeted by a driver with a Sedan. After a 20 minute wait, we ended up going to the hotel in two cars... Had we wanted to do that we would have picked up two taxis at the airport which would have cost half the price! The only reason I pre-booked a transfer, was in order to secure a car that would fit all 4 of us and our luggage. Coincidentally, the two Sedans cost the same as what the stretch limo would have cost. That aside, I would certainly return to the Vogue!	
Apr 1 2009 	Vogue Hotel-I heart you	I stayed in this lovely boutique hotel last May (2008)...everything was fabulous from check-in to check-out. Even when we booked the room for this hotel the rate was set to jump $200 for the last 3 nights of our stay and when my dad asked if they could keep the rate the same they were more than happy to oblige.I have been to Montreal quite a bit... started at the Queen Elizabeth and kind of bounced around since then to find the perfect hotel (LOCATION,service, etc)...I dont believe there is any other hotel (except for maybe the one accross the street!) that can beat the location of L'hotel Vogue!! There certainly isn't one that can beat the quality (in my opinion).Myself and 3 of my family members were in Montreal for a concert last May (Kanye West) and I had heard good things about the Vogue, so we decided to give it a try. We booked out one of the suites - I believe it was the &quot;executive suite&quot; - as there were 4 of us (2 in king bed, 2 on king pull-out) and we were very pleased.The layout included a spacious bedroom with a huge beautiful bathroom that had a jacuzi soaker tub and tons of counter space... a powder room-area which connected the bedroom to the living room and as also very very spacious and included a dining area (table for 6+) and a kitchenette/bar area with nice countertops, fridge etc...It was LOVELY..there was also a half bath off the living area with a shower!! The staff greeted us by NAME and were so friendly, even gave us a complimentary movie rental just to show their appreciation... I absolutely loved this place.. I remember that there was internet but I cannot recall whether it was wireless or not...either way , no complaint in that department.....at one point we had a problem with the alarm clock (my dad is technologically challenged) and they sent someone up within 2 minutes to fix it!... very prompt service!rooms were clean.I don't believe there was much of a view but on my top 10 list of things I require my hotel have..the view is on the bottom.When you step outside the doors of the Vogue hotel you are LITERALLY about 10 steps from Ste.Catherine street!! Which is amazing... only about a block from the great restaurant &quot;eggspectation&quot;....speaking of walking out the doors... the doormen were VERY polite, and friendly and always remembered you.I CANNOT WAIT to stay at the Vogue again!If I had to say anything else it would be more of a warning than a complaint - we found that for 4 ppl, although the room had more than enough space, it was a little tight getting everyone showered in the morning (especially with 2 girls aged 18 and 20)...It wasn't a big deal, but as a picky hotel-goer..you might keep this in mind!! Other than that - AMAZING!!	
Mar 14 2009 	One of the nicest places I've stayed	I travel quite a bit, and am always on the lookout for upper-range hotels with good prices. This is definitely one of those places. Nice location central to downtown Montreal &amp; close to subway, great restaurants nearby. Hotel room was great, booked a junior suite which had a huge bathroom, two flat screens and nice comfortable bed, though could have gotten a standard room and been just as happy. Great laundry service and lots of nice little amenities--for example, cold, fresh-squeezed lemonade in the reception area on hot afternoons. Very helpful &amp; professional staff willing to help out w/reservations for dinner. Nice lounge for people-watching as well. Not a cheap place to stay, but in this instance you get what you pay for &amp; more.	
Feb 23 2009 	Very very nice	Stayed one night at the Loews Hotel Vogue in early January for touring Montreal. The location is great if you're all about shopping, but not ideal if you're looking to tour Old Montreal. The hotel itself, though, was just terrific. Small enough that the staff, which never seemed to number more than a handful, were able to respond immediately to any question or concern that arose. The rooms were great, and the bathrooms spectacular. Legitimate 5-star accommodations. Loews' gimmick is having surprises for kids who stay, and for our teenagers it was an envelope -- with their names on them -- with a card for some free mp3 downloads. A very cool move. The kids loved the place, as did my wife and I. I'd have no hesitation recommending this to anyone, ever.	
Feb 9 2009 	Enjoyed our stay here very much	3 nite stay at the lowes montreal, great room, wonderful bath, w/big(although usless jetted)tub, and separate shower. Fell in love with the city of Montreal. Well maintained, clean, beautiful public streets, flowers planted everywhere. The room overlooked a cute, but unused courtyard. Everyone was nice and friendly. Plus, with lowes first membership level, I get a 100$ food and bev credit, in addition to the 50$per nite credit i got with booking the room. The room was slightly more than most other hotel rooms in the city that weekend, but the accomodations were above average, and with my bonus bucks, thought it was an overall good deal.	
Jan 31 2009	Fantastic	Great location, nice hotelThis hotel is perfect as a base to visit Montreal. Nice big room , a so comfortable bed, a great and clean bathroom. The staff was very helpful giving directions and more advice on local restaurants and must see. Definitely a good choice.	
Dec 23 2008 	Great Find	Great service. The front door staff, the receptionists, the concierge, the room service were all very friendly and polite. Our room was incredible and we loved the marble bath. The bathroom was in fact, enormous. We were there in the dead of winter, but having a great hotel and hotel room to come back to made our trip absolutely enjoyable. Would stay there again in a heartbeat-- but pehaps wait till it wasn't freezing in Montreal.	
Oct 30 2008 	Loved it!	I love this hotel! Every year my wife and I take a trip to Montreal to enjoy the Jazz Festival. We've been going for 5 years and have stayed at the Vogue 3 years in a row. The service is second to none and the location is great, even if the jazz festival is on the other side of Downtown. We always seem to spend a little too much money at Ogilvy's, but I guess it's all part of the &quot;Montreal experience&quot;.Can't wait for next year!	
Oct 27 2008 	WOW- STAY HERE!	I stayed at this hotel for four nights in February and was very very impressed. I travel to Montreal for business quite often but this is by far my favorite hotel in the city.The service is great and the hotel is in a prime location.But the piece de resistance had to be the bathrooms.... very luxurious with plazma tvs and jacuzzis. The room was large and very vrey comfortable.Highly recommend.	
Oct 4 2008 	THE BEST!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel over the Labour Day weekend and I can't say enough! We were looking for a hotel where we could take our dogs with us (our canine kids!), but we didn't want to lose the luxury. We have a smaller mixed breed and a St. Bernard, which can make it difficult to find a posher hotel. Did we ever find the best! We couldn't believe how welcoming and friendly everyine was, from the time we called the hotel to enquire to time we left! The rooms are a great size, with big windows and a big fluffy bed. The bathroom is the topper though. I almost wanted to spend the whole weekend soaking in the big jacuzzi tub watching the flatscreen tv mounted on the counter of the massive bathroom! Gorgeous! Every member of the staff that we met were so helpful and friendly. A pet bed and bowls were provided for our dogs on the first night with a smile. We picked this hotel because we could travel with our pets, but I will return if I'm travelling with or without them! Loved it, loved it loved it!	
Sep 27 2008 	A lot to like about the Hotel Vogue	We booked on Five Star Alliance. This was a great thing because the deal included free internet--otherwise $14.95/day for in room internet. Surprisingly for a top rated hotel, our first room had a dirty carpet. We asked for and received a room change the next day and staff moved our things. Ask for an upper floor. Great location, very friendly and helpful staff, stylish, super bathrooms.	
Sep 12 2008 	Nice little Hotel	Just returned from a couple of weeks in eastern Canada. Started at Loews Hotel Vogue. Found the hotel extremely comfortable and clean. Current decor appealing. Good lighting in bathroom and bedroom. Liked extras...TV in bathroom, magnifying makeup /shaving mirror. Extra mirrored &quot;station&quot; outside the bathroom for second person. Pretty bathrooms with spacious marble topped vanity. Had an air of elegance. Room service food very good. Felt like fine dining out!We purchased the parking/breakfast package.Concierge was extremely personable and helpful.Though our room was &quot;non-smoking&quot; it smelled like smoke upon our arrival. Quickly an attendant was sent to open windows and air room out...also remarking that they have a recirculating system to clear the air many times an hour. Soon the smell disappeared.They can't control what goes on behind closed doors!We were delighted with this choice. Great way to begin our trip.	
Aug 25 2008 	if you are looking for the perfect get away!	What a wonderfu, friendly and beautiful botique hotel right in the middle of Montreal's shopping district and nearby McGill Univ.The only negative thing to mention about the hotel is the carpeting in our room definitely needs to be replaced!The staff, service, etc. are all excellent. Leave your car at home or if you drive, park it in the garage. You are in walking distance of everything. You will need to take a cab to old Montreal. So much to see and do there too. A very safe city to walk around.Montreal is very very expensive due to the low value of the US dollar, but it was still worth the tri	
Aug 17 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed here for 2 nights. Large Spacious room and good service located right in the center of Montreal. Highly Recomended	
Aug 6 2008 	Beautiful hotel great location	Stayed here for a weekend getaway with my husband. Its in a nice location in the city, near rue St. Catherine which is lined with shops. We had a premium king room which was decorated in a modern style. At one end of the room near the TV you had a nice seating area. The bathroom was large, with all black marble, a jacuzzi tub and separate shower.	
Jul 8 2008 	Everything was perfect	Although we could have found a better hotel rate in Montreal for JazzFest, we chose the Vogue based upon location and other reviews. We were extremely pleased. The staff was friendly and helpful, the hotel was immaculate, and our room was lovely and comfortable. We sprung for the premium room at a modest additional expense, and found it to be perfect for us. It had a small foyer as you entered, a well-appointed and large marble bathroom, and an attractive bedroom with a comfortable bed and top notch linens. The coffee machine was a Kreurig model, dispensing a premium cup at a time. The hotel is located in a nice neighborhood with several good French bistros within a few blocks, the fine art museum two blocks away, and within a 15 minute walk or 2 metro stops to the JazzFest itself. On our departure day they were very willing to allow us a 3 pm late checkout. We were completely pleased with our stay.	
Jul 6 2008 	Loews Does Not Disappoint. Excellent!	Stayed a night at Loews Hotel Vogue while on the way to Tremblant. Loved it so much we spent another night on the way back from Tremblant! And, we booked into the Vogue for our trip to Montreal later this month. So within a month we will have stayed at the Vogue three times. That's how much we love this hotel.What's so great?The location is great (well, not if you just want Old Montreal stuff. For that, I'd recommend the Gault). But for this part of town, and Mont Royal, this is wonderful.Facilities very well maintained. Rooms are spacious and spotless. Lobby is inviting.Our room had a jetted tub, and separate shower. Bathroom was very large. Room was also large. TV in bathroom. VCR/DVD in room. Three phones.Nice welcoming amenities for Loews First members.Everybody we encountered: doorman, bell staff, front desk, housekeeper, restaurant people. ALL courteous and professional.We returned three days later, and the doorman recognized us and greeted us by name! Nice touch!The service attitude at this hotel is really superb. Others should find out how they have such great service and learn from them.This is not the cheapest hotel around, even in its class, but for what it gives us in service, we just love it here (again, unless we are visiting Old Montreal).Had lunch at the Cellini, the hotel restaurant. Good prices and good quality, and very friendly staff. Would recommend.Concierge contacted us way before our arrival and asked for age of our kids. They prepared a nice welcoming gift for them as well. Nice touch.We asked the concierge (by email) to help us make dinner reservations. Quick and accurate. Very prompt and courteous service.We will be back!	
Jun 20 2008 	Good Stay at the Vogue	We stayed here for part two of our honeymoon and found this to be a perfectly nice hotel. It was great for a city location, had nice staff, was very clean and we had a nice big room. This is not a historic hotel, so the ambiance is newer. But the hotel in reality was what we expected from the Web site when we booked.They were very nice and had chocolate covered strawberries for us when we arrived, very sweet. We had some really good room service and the hotel restaurant was really good. We were able to sightsee from this hotel very easily and it's in a nice shopping area. Overall, no complaints. Your basic, nice hotel!	
Jun 10 2008 	We loved it	We Had 4 nights at the Vouge.Found the staff very freindly and helpfull.A great location and easy to get around.Do your self a favour and get a bath pillow, ( I found one at the BS on St Catherine). Made the spa that much more enjoyable especially after walking to the top of Mount Royal.Note: if you walk from the hotel to the top of Mount Royal, allow 2hrs return. Room service was great, can't comment on the restauarant as we never ate there.Loved this Hotel and thanks again Trip Advisor	
Jun 2 2008 	Fantastic short break hotel	Stayed at the Loews for 3 nights and really can not fault it. We (2 adults) are from London, UK and after seeing Toronto we chose The Loews Hotel Vogue following TripAdvisor recommendations before going onto Vancouver for the rest of our vacation.We found the Loews location very convenient. Short walk to the main shopping street and about a 15-20 min stroll to old Montreal which for us given the spring like weather was lovely. Hotel staff could not have been more helpful, coffee/mini bar replenished every day, turn down service and we were on a regular room rate booked via TripAdvisor hotel check rates. Now we have arrived home we wished that we had spent less time in Toronto and more time in Montreal. However they say a good city always leaves you wanting more!	
May 29 2008 	Not a bad choice if you're able to book a good rate.	We've stayed here for 7 nights and were able to get a good deal through the hotel website. If we had paid more, I probably wouldn't have given it this rating.The hotel is conveniently located right in the middle of the centre on a relatively quiet side street of the busy Rue de Ste. Catherine. The lobby looks beautiful but is quite small. Everytime you enter and leave the hotel a nice door man opens the door for you. That does give a bit of a 5-star feeling which this hotel is supposed to be.The room itself wasn't anything special. Decor from the late 80's with a matching TV (volume went up and down for no reason), a view of the hotel right across the street, no seating area with a table, besides the working desk which isn't quite suitable for having dinner in your room. The bathroom was quite big, modern and very clean though. The beds were quite good! Matresses not too firm or too soft. The minibar hasn't been restocked once during our entire stay, not even after we've left the minibar key in the room. The coffee cups though were replenished after we did that, so perhaps that's a tip for future visitors. :-)The hotel bar is incredibly small and not much fun. The restaurant is very expensive so we didn't eat there. Room service is nothing special; the usual stuff you'd expect staying at a hotel of this caliber, with prices to match.Staff is extremely friendly, sometimes a bit too much if you ask me. It felt somewhat phoney a couple of times.If you're a member of their Loews First Program and you've selected the $10 minibar credit as the gift, check your bill! The ''gift'' wasn't deducted from our bill but we didn't see that until we were well on our way to the airport.All in all not bad at all, but not really 5 stars either. The good deal on the room rate made up for all of the ´flaws´, but that´s it basically.	
May 27 2008 	Great Service Fantastic Location Needs a Few Updates...	I just returned from the Loews Hotel Vogue in Montreal. It was my first trip to this fantastic city, and the Vogue is in a very good location for easy access to many of the best restaurants, shops, and Mont Royal. Old Montreal and other areas are just a quick cab ride away.I have to give the Vogue a 5-star rating regarding service...friendly, helpful, and a great welcome to the city. Other than the location, other positives were the very attentive bell staff and doormen, a top-notch bartender in the lounge, and one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever experienced! What keeps me from giving it an overall 5-star rating is that the decor was a bit dated (bathroom in particular, though the size was excellent) and the hotel does not have wireless internet (in 2008!). Apparently they're working on it, but the wireless signal I was picking up in the lobby was from the hotel across the street. I could've given them a little slack on that, but not when I found out that the plug-in internet access at the desk in my room was $15/day. I really enjoyed the Vogue and felt the $250/night was pretty reasonable on a busy and gorgeous weekend, though after walking around the city and seeing some of the other choices, I'd likely give the Sofitel or W (or one of a few other highly-rated hotels I've seen here on TripAdvisor) a try the next time around.	
May 23 2008 	Outstanding Hotel	Had a fantastic time at this hotel - staff were great and could not do enough for me and my girlfriend - who had only just broken her leg at Mont Tremblant and had spent the last 3-4 days in Montreal General Hospital.Reception staff were great. We had reserved one of the suites which was well worth it. Room Service was out of this world too - pure gluttony!It was a lot of money for us, but it was worth any penny and would do it again in a heart beat.For a holiday that started so well on the slopes, included a very sore and traumatic middle because of the leg, it ended sweetly with our stay here.	
May 18 2008 	No complaints here!	We stayed for a week in a suite and it was perfect. Great hotel service... good decor.. personal touches..big rooms... room service good, not great...on site restaurant nothing that memorable.. friendly and helpful concierge.. great two marble bathrooms... would definitely recommend..downside: internet access can be reached at the two computers in the lobby but if not you have to pay $14.95 for WiFi a day..	
May 16 2008 	Good but not 5 star	We have just returned from a week in Loews Vogue. Maybe this hotel is 5 star for Canadian standards but the room was a bit small and the TV set right from the 90's. The minibar was not refilled for the entire stay, same for the coffeecups. Asking twice for a refill which took more than 45 minutes. Business centre had only 2 computers with very slow internet. Although I enjoyed my stay, Loews did't gave my a 5 star feeling.	
May 15 2008 	Wonderful experience at Loews Hotel Vogue	To celebrate our birthdays, I took my mom to Montreal. We stayed at the Loews Hotel Vogue and were incredibly impressed. The hotel has an antique-ish vibe, but all of the rooms are well sized, nicely appointed, very clean and well kept. I had a corner room with an adjoining living space. My mom and I stayed in the bedroom and my brother slept on the pull-out sofa on the living room side. Because I am a member of their rewards program, I received a complimentary local gift upon arrival. (I highly recommend that you sign up for their free rewards program in advance of your stay to take advantage of some of their benefits.) I'm a person who makes hotel decisions based on the look of the bathroom and I definitely made the right decision. The bathrooms are fantastic! It was almost as large as the bedroom with a vanity area and separate shower stall, but the best part is the tub. I travel quite frequently for work, and I can honestly say that it was the largest jacuzzi tub I've ever seen in a hotel. Though I never used it, my mom and brother raved about it. They'd never been to Montreal before, but felt that the jacuzzi tub made it all worthwhile! I can't say enough about the place. The prices were reasonable and the rooms were great, plus the hotel is centrally located less than a block away from St. Catherine - one of the major shopping destinations in the city. The only &quot;slightly&quot; down-side was the hotel restaurant. While the food was enjoyable, the prices were abit high. All told, I highly recommend staying at this hotel.	
May 2 2008 	Only thing more you could ask for would be free Wi-Fi in rooms	The location is great, the staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms are tastefully and well-appointed, etc. My only peeve is that they think they can get away with charging $14.95/day for wired internet. Don't they realize this is 2008? The Hotel de la Montagne next door has free Wi-Fi.	
Apr 23 2008 	Luxery room excellent service and delicious food	I stayed at Hotel Vogue for a shopping weekend in Montreal and it did not disappoint. From the lobby to my room itself it is probably the nicest and most luxurious hotels I've stayed in. The bathroom was a dream equipped with tv and jacuzzi tub. The service was excellent when the moment I stepped in. Everyone was very friendly and polite. I ordered room service for dinner and the food was delicious. shopping is just steps away which is great. nice to have a dvd in the room too. For a luxury shopping weekend in Montreal or a romantic getaway I would definitely recommend Hotel Vogue.	
Apr 18 2008 	Our Favorite in Montreal!	My husband and I take quick over night trips to Montreal and this is our very favorite Hotel. You are right off Ste. Catherine and all the wondrful shopping and with walking distance to some yummy french bistros!The beds are like heaven. From the time you arrive you are treated as if you are really wanted there. I love this hotel!!!!	
Apr 16 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	THE place to stay if you want to be near the action with great accomodations. Walking distance to Center Bell, Crescent St., St. Catherine's, and churches. Rooms were comfortable and tidy. Beware the mini-bar- it's one that charges as soon as you move an item. Service was great as was bar and restaurant staff. Complimentary internet in lobby. Flat screen in bathrooms unique touch. Great overall experience!!!	
Apr 8 2008 	Everything I hoped for and more	Two of us stayed from April1-4th at this hotel and it was wonderful. Can't say enough about their service. Concierge was fabulous and really helped us newcomers to Montreal. The hotel itself has an incredible location close to McGill and lots of shopping. Old Montreal would be about a 40 minute walk.The room great with luxury bedding and lots of room. The bathroom, as you've seen in pictures on this site, was incredible. Huge bathroom with jacuzzi tub and flat screen tv for watching as you soak. There is a seprate shower. The bathrobes are a nice touch when you are away.Turn down service every night made things even more special.I've stayed at alot of hotels with my work and this really had some of the best service that I have received.	
Apr 6 2008 	Loews Vogue - Still in Vogue!	The Loews Vogue is a classic, smaller luxury hotel in downtown Montreal. My family (2 adults, kids aged 18,15,12) stayed there March 23-28, 2008. The purpose of the trip was to explore the largest French speaking city outside of Paris - and to overcome the inability to acquire travel to someplace south!The rooms - adjoining for us - were not large but comfortable and luxurious. Large bathrooms, comfotable beds and decor, with DVD players etc...What I really enjoyed was the quality of the service. The concierges were fantastic and could not do enough for us. They helped with many questions and offered wonderful suggestions for dinner or even how to experience museums.We had breakfast each day in the restaraunt and Gerard took wonderful care of us. He took an interest in our family, offered ideas and even had small gifts for the kids - all hockey fans - the day we left. The food - breakfast only for us - was very good at the Hotel.The lobby bar was a bit overpriced for the one drink we had there.Would highly recommend this hotel - and my wife and I would certainly return - alone!	
Apr 6 2008 	Overrated	You get what you expect w/ a 4 star hotel; namely friendly service (they recommended good places to eat and watch the Canadiens game) and a clean room. You also get a good location if you would like to spend time in the &quot;Anglo&quot; area of Montreal. However, you also get the worst of the chain hotel experience. Namely a knife in the back, or in this case wallet, every step of the way. 30$ daily for parking and 6.50$ for the bottle of water they leave in the room. I find both over the top. Particularly the water. In addition I stupidly forgot my cell phone charger in the room and when I called the next day to see if they could mail to me they did not have it. So the cleaning staff either took it (not sure why they would do that) or else lazily threw it in the garbage. Guess it doesn't really matter since they would have probably charged me the cost of buying a new one to mail it.	
Apr 1 2008 	Beautiful hotel with great service	First of all, thank you to the Trip Advisor contributors. We booked this hotel after reading the reviews and couldn't have been happier. My husband, I and our three pre-teen to teenaged kids loved our weekend stay in Montreal at Loew's. This is a beautiful, centrally located hotel with fabulous service; the combination of posh decor and top-notch staff can't be beat. The car valets, doormen and front desk staff were all very friendly; the kids loved the huge jars of M &amp; M's with scoops at the front desk; they were each also presented with a personalized note and a voucher for a free in-room movie during our stay - they truly felt welcomed here. Our quiet, clean connecting rooms featured two doubles connecting to a queen bed with a canopy which worked perfectly for us. Though a bit on the small side as has been mentioned, these are gorgeous rooms with high ceilings and well-thought-out amenities - flat screen TV, comfortable bed with a crisp white duvet, minibar, coffee maker with take-out cups and lids, desk, closet with safe, etc. - so the size was certainly not a problem. The only negative was our view of the roof of the next building. If I get the chance to visit again, I would request a street view. The bathrooms are fantastic -- large, marble everywhere, jacuzzi tub, separate shower, plenty of counter space, two hair dryers (one in the bathroom, one outside it at the small vanity area), nice toiletries and another flat-screen TV viewable from the tub.We enjoyed a drink at the lobby bar in the evenings while the kids watched their free movies - again impeccable service. Loew's is in the midst of downtown dining and shopping including the large underground, out-of-the-weather shopping areas (entrance 3 blocks away). The concierge recommended two good restaurants also within walking distance: Le Taj for Indian food (small portions but very tasty - great naan) and Le Pois Penche for upscale French bistro fare (great service and ambience) and both welcomed the kids. Egg Spectations for brunch which is just a block or so away is not to be missed. (The Italian restaurant on the premises looked good but we did not eat there.) We also were a quick walk away from the Musee des Beaux-Arts and took in the fine Cuban Art expedition.We really couldn't ask for more and would definitely stay here again!	
Mar 27 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	Recently returned from a weekend trip to Montreal to see the Bruins/Canadiens game in which we stayed at the Loews Hotel. The hotel was situated perfectly for us due to the fact we wanted to be close to St. Catherine’s Street and the Bell Centre. The room was spacious, clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom was extremely large with a Jacuzzi tub and stand up shower. The small flat screen tv also in the bathroom was a great amenity. Getting back to location, the hotel is a stones throw from St. Catherine’s, Peel and Crescent Streets. Which means you are close to all the shops, bars and clubs. Another nice option was the 24 hr room service. After a night of drinking on Crescent Street we needed something in our stomachs and ordered some food. They took no more than 10 minutes to deliver it up to us. The staff is polite and courteous and the concierge was extremely helpful in helping us find restaurants and booking reservations. I have stayed at a few other hotels in Montreal including both Marriotts and my Loews experience has been far better than the others. I would stay at no other location. Montreal is a great city with a European feel. Everyone is very trendy and extremely polite. As Bruins fans, we were not even harassed at the game, well maybe a few boos when I was cheering when the B’s scored. Though, I love the city and again I would stay no other place than Loews.	
Mar 10 2008 	Fabulous family stay	Spent a lovely weekend at Loews Hotel Vogue - during a major Montreal blizzard - with my husband and two teenagers. Booked the Junior Suite and it was perfect for four - 2 good sized rooms (Bedroom and living room) with 2 full baths. The hotel provided a rollaway as well. Immaculate, quiet and great housekeeping services. The staff, from the concierge to the bellman to the bartender to the front desk people, were all wonderful. We sipped hot chocolate in front of a roaring fire in the lobby while the snow fell and the wind blew in 50mph gusts down the street in front of the hotel. Great location for shopping, restaurants and sightseeing, all of which we managed to do, despite the snow. Vieux Montreal was lovely. Ogilvy, right across the street from the hotel, is a truly fantastic department store. We would definitely stay at another Loews hotel after this experience.	
Mar 6 2008	AMAZING...will never stay anywhere else!	My friend and I decided to go an a mini &quot;girl getaway&quot; to Montreal. We spent a lot of time researching and looking for the right hotel. After reading several reviews and browsing pictures, we had decided on Loews Hotel. We got a very good deal on Travelzoo, GREAT deal!!!We stayed in a Premium room which had an all marble bathroom (huge) with a flat screen TV in the bathroom. The room was VERY spacious and had THE most comfortable beds. And they were VERY clean.Our car was valeted upon arrival. Our bags were taken straight to our rooms, while we checked in. The staff was always smiling and pleasant. When calling down to front desk they always addressed you by name and were very helpful.The location was fantastic. Right on the corner of Rue de la Montagne and St. Catherines. Very close to EVERYTHING. That was our main concern when searching for a place to stay. We wanted to be in the center of it all.....and we were!Every room has an iHome, but please be warned that it is only built for an iPod NANO. And parking was quite expensive ($30 per night). The mini fridge was stocked always, but again, just like anywhere else, it was expensive. Expect to pay $6.50 for a bottle of water. :SI cannot say enough good things about this hotel. Please feel free to message me if you have any questions!P.S. If you log onto the hotel website and sign on to their &quot;FIRST LOEWS&quot;, you have a choice of gift to your room upon arrival. We requested a bottle of red wine. Do yourselves a favour and order something else! LOL	
Feb 11 2008 	Great for couples!	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel in January for a weekend getaway- and we loved it! We felt like we were staying somewhere really special with this one. Our room had a beautiful (and comfortable) canopy bed and an enormous bathroom with its own television, shower, and separate jetted bathtub. There was also a vanity mirror in the hallway connecting the door and the room. The room was very large and extremely beautiful. The hotel staff was so friendly, and we ended up talking with the bell boy for quite a while. The location, right near St. Catharine on Rue LaMontagne, is great for tourists because of the plethora of bars and restaurants that are located just a block away on Crescent Street. We very much enjoyed this weekend getaway, and would stay at Loews again!	
Jan 15 2008 	Great for a quick weekend getaway!	I stayed at this hotel just for a weekend, but I wish that I could have stayed longer - its fantastic from start to finish! After a quick cab ride from the airport, check in was very efficient and the staff were very pleasant and aiming to please. Before you go, sign up for the Loews First frequent guest program on the company's website and you get a choice of a &quot;welcome gift&quot; every time you stay at a Loews property (I chose red wine and mixed nuts - a nice pick-me-up before dinner!). The room (a jr. suite) was beautiful with a canopy queen sized bed, lighted make-up vanity outside the bathroom and a fantastic marble bathroom with seperate shower, jacuzzi and TV. Rooms are serviced twice a day and the turn donw service is a treat. I didn't eat at the hotel, so I can't comment on the food, but the lobby bar is a great place for a martini and some great people watching! The location of the property is very convenient. I was attending a hockey game at the Bell Centre, only a 5 min. walk away. Rue St. Catherine and Rue Crescent are right nearby and have lots of options for bars, restaurants and shopping. I will definetly choose this hotel when I am in Montreal again - it was stylish and serene with great service.	
Jan 14 2008	Unique and upscale	This boutique hotel in the heart of Montreal was ideally located. Head one way and you're at the St Lawrence; the other way and you're at Mount Royal, a great place to walk.The room was comfortable; the jet tub in the bathroom a much welcomed relief after all of the walking we did in Mount Royal.This is considered a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel - which from my experience is an older property that's made some upgrades but none too extensive. The highlights: Francine at the L'Opera Bar, a small lounge near the hotel's elevators. Francine was friendly and accommodating and remembered what we drank every visit.	
Jan 3 2008	Very good.	Excellent! A solid 4 star. No other 4 star compares including the Fairmont, Chateau Champlain, etc...My only complaint is that the barmaid in the lobby says &quot;tu&quot; instead of &quot;vous&quot; which I think is disrespectful.	
Jan 2 2008 	Do not even look at any other hotel...	Hands down, this is the best hotel we have ever stayed in. Do not even bother staying in any other hotel in Montreal. I am serious. It is absolutely stunning. First and foremost, I felt like ROYALTY. From the moment you pull up on the curb to the time you leave, everything is pretty much done for you. By the time we reached the counter to check in, our bags were on our way to our room and they even knew our name before we could say it! The room was the most spacious hotel room that I have ever seen. The bed was SO comfy. The bathroom is the size of my bedroom at home! Flat screen TVS and phone in bathroom. Concierge service - Take advantage! Couldn't be nicer....Do not stay in any other hotel in Montreal.This has to be THE best!	
Dec 27 2007 	Unbeatable...Absolutely Spectacular!	Loews Hotel Vogue is a Gem!My most recent stay was flawless from check in to check out.The hotel itself is very beautiful.The location is unbeatable. Loews is easily accessed from both the train and bus station as well as the airport. The local metro is also close by.The lobby is warm and cozy.There are always little treats and current newspapers available.The internet access is a great feature, very convenient for checking your email etc...The staff are all very friendly and informative.They are extremely knowlegable and are eager to answer any questions you may have.The rooms are a perfect size.They offer plenty of space for all kinds of luggage, shopping bags and so on.There is a well sized entry to the room, closet, vanity and workspace.The beds are very comfortable, and the sheets are divine!The nightly turn down service is lovely.The bathroom is gorgeous, and huge I might add.They are very clean with plenty of amenities.The jet tub is like an oasis after a long day of shopping.The flat screen t.v. is a nice touch.There is great sized shower, with good water temperature and pressure.Loews offers a wide variety of guest services.Reading the long list really confirms that they have your best interest in mind.They offer services that would benefit all types of travellers. Whether it be a business traveller, a couple or a family.Judging from the list they have anticiapted your every need and desire.I have stayed at multiple hotels in Montreal and a fare share of others across the globe and Loews stands tall everytime!Lowes is by far my favorite hotel in Montreal, I would never consider staying anywhere else.	
Dec 16 2007 	Awesome Stay...Again!	What a great hotel in a wonderful location. We have stayed here many times over the past few years and have never been disappointed. The rooms are spacious and VERY quiet and the bathroom has a separate walk-in shower. Everything is spotless and the service (from the front desk to room service to the doorman and valet) is top notch. We return to find the same friendly faces working in this hotel, which definitely says something about the way Loews treats their employees. We can't wait to go back! Superb...	
Dec 6 2007 	Bijou of a hotel in the centre of a lovely city	This is a plush, small, romantic and luxury boutique hotel in downtown Montreal, just minutes walk from the best shops and restaurants. I've stayed here twice this year during seperate months and enjoyed it both times.I recommend room 911, with a four poster double bed, large work desk, spacious marbel bathroom with jacuzzi bath. This is one of the best hotel rooms I've ever stayed in. The staff here are helpful, too. I left a pair of shoes in the room and they mailed them to my address in Toronto straight away.I saved a lot by booking my room here on the Five Star Alliance website and got free internet access, which is normally an extra charge.	
Nov 30 2007	High marks to the Lowes	This is a lovely, well-appointed, centrally located, and cozy place to stay in what I find to be the most convenient part of Montreal. We've stayed here twice, both times in November, and look forward to our next visit. I find it a more charming and interesting space than the Queen Elizabeth; it is certainly much, much smaller in terms of the number of rooms. The kids thought the TV in the bathroom was a hilarious concept (but they want one in ours now too).	
Nov 19 2007 	Great hotel for kids!	I absolutely love this hotel. I have stayed here twice in the last few months (once with my husband and once with my mom) and I won't even consider staying anywhere else for future trips to Montreal.The hotel is gorgeous and the staff go out of their way to ensure that guests have a comfortable and enjoyable stay.The rooms are so comfortable with plush pillows, duvets and nice sheets. The whirlpool with the flat screen tv is also great for relaxing after a day of shopping and walking around.Valet parking is $30 which is on the higher end for Montreal - hotels seem to range from $20-30 but I know my car is safe in a private underground parkade.The restaurant isn't very good and I don't recommend eating there. We didn't eat there this last visit but I ate there in August when I was traveling with my husband and my infant daughter because it was pouring and we didn't want to leave the hotel. Our dinner was $150 and we only had one drink each. My husband had a steak and there were so many cuts in it, (to check if it was cooked) it looked like something that came off of dad's bbq, not something you'd expect in a restaurant. I have to give credit to the service though and the waiter brought plain pasta for my daughter at no charge.The hotel staff also provided exceptional service. Their slogan 'Loews loves kids' holds true as they have a contract with Fisher Price so you can borrow toys during your stay. I requested a couple of toys when we arrived and when we returned to our room there was a potty. I have a one year old and I did not want her playing with a potty! I called the front desk and one of the staffers returned to our room 3 times with different toys (a push toy, a xylophone and another musical toy.)Loews is in an excellent location between St.Catharine and Sherbrooke. I love this hotel and I highly recommend it!	
Nov 11 2007 	Hotel Vogue - You Really Got Me!	Visited Montreal to attend the Van Halen concert at the Bell Center and selected this hotel due to the great reviews of other tripadvisor members. This hotel was outstanding! From the front desk that treated us as though we were their favorite customer, to the fabulously huge bathroom, to the comfortable bed, to the terrific location for attending the event and for sightseeing the next day, we were thrilled. I need to hurry up and find a reason to go back!	
Nov 11 2007 	Potentially great boutique hotel but...	This is a potentially great boutique hotel - great rooms, excellent staff, very comfortable BUT I resent having to pay extra for water and internet which other comparable hotels (The Nelligan, Le Germain) throw in. It just feels like I'm being nickled and dimed to death. Other posters have made the same comments and I'm hoping that Le Vogue is listening - I'm heading back there tonight.Otherwise it's a terrific hotel in a great location whether you're in Montreal for business or pleasure.	
Oct 30 2007 	Great Hotel	Great hotel! In a great location! Had meetings in the hotel, great facility for this! Stayed Oct. 25-28.Again location was great, close to shopping, night clubs, and the underground. On-stie restaurant was good, the bar in the lobby is packed at night. Easy check-in, very friendly staff, secure hotel, business center is convenient free use of computer and printing, in-room internet is $15 per day.Rooms were large, bed was comfy, bathroom large (shower could stand for an update). ipod alarm clock in room was nice. No complaints and would stay here again.Other restaurants that were not too far and food was great - Version, Newton, Primadonna.	
Oct 20 2007 	quick trip to Montreal	My girlfriend and I went to Montreal recently. She mainly went for the shopping and I went for the food.The hotel was great for shopping as it is just off Rue St. Catherine's. We were within walking distance of several malls such as Eaton Center and Montreal Trust building. The Holt Renfrew Department store was really nice and in addition, the hotel was directly across the street to Ogilvy's Department store.I will review the restaurants separately. The hotel restaurant was excellent. The concierge was great with suggestions and help with reservations. We were lucky to be upgraded to a very nice suite but the regular room with a king bed seemed very comfortable. The only problem was the construction outside which led to some noise during the working hours. We totally loved Montreal and would like to come back.	
Oct 14 2007	Generally fine experience but a couple of sour notes	Spent 3 nights at the Hotel Vogue, chosen on basis of strong TripAdvisor reviews. Rooms are large, comfortable, and very attractive. Bathroom was huge and very nicely appointed. Staff were friendly, helpful, and professional, a very nice mix. I particularly commend the doormen.I paid $242/night (+ $40 in taxes), which is the AAA rate. When the US dollar is strong this hotel is a bargain, at parity we are approaching NYC rates.My quibbles are that at this rate I would expect internet access in rooms to be free (not $15 to use a wire; wireless in the lobby is through a vendor that seems to want you to buy minutes--I relied on my Blackberry, instead, and the free computers in the lobby). Those loby computers, complete with free printing, are a nice touch.There is a breakfast buffet laid out in the restaurant--$16 or so for fruit, cereal, juice, coffee, coldcuts, cheese, and yogurt. Not bad, not generous.OK, here's a pet peeve others may not share: I strongly resent the bottle of water in the room that costs $6.50. Yes, I know, by know most experienced travelers have seen this trap. But it seems wrong for hotels to lay traps for &quot;guest&quot;--$6.50 for the bottle, and the have the snotty temerity to add &quot;Enjoy!&quot; to the label. More fundamentally, these days we are all subject to incredible demands on our attention--airports, airplance, hotel rooms all full of ads and commercials. In the room we really deserve a little TLC, which would in this instance translate into not having to read every label to know what peril lies within.As for the minibar, which I think had some device that would indicate if it had been opened, let alone accessed...you would not find my fingerprints on that one.Here's a tip: If you head down Ste Catherine and turn left on St. Denis--about a mile walk or a couple of metro stops--a few doors up the street and on your right you will encounter Juliette au Chocolat, a shop that serves truly extraordinary chocolat in almost every imaginable form. I am not given to hyperbole, I think:: your cup of hot chocolate may be white, milk, semi-sweet or several grades of dark (with cocoa %s given), served in the classic or &quot;ancienne&quot; (Grandma's) style--with a few fair trade options to salve the conscience.. There are also chocolates to take home, chocolate brownies, fondue, crepes, etc. So, enjoy Loew's, and consider a stop at Juliette's if you enjoy fine chocolate on a cool day. Oh, I understand the lines can be lone at night, so try afternoon to avoid disappointment.Bon appetit!	
Oct 6 2007 	The Gold Standard of Boutique Hotels	I travel to Montreal on business 2-3 times a year. I have tried a couple of other hotels just for diversity, but there is no reason to stay anywhere else in this city. Here's why:Location: Un the heart of downtown, near shopping with easy access to expressways that can get you anywhere within minutesI have stayed at some of the boutique hotels near Old Montreal, but I find that location a bit isolated. Rooms. The rooms are always nice, but on this last visit I had a room that somehow seemed bigger and recently renovated. It was beautiful and comfortable with a gorgeous bathroom. The bed is extremely comfortable and the linens are top-notch.Value: The overall experience is 5 star without question at 4 star prices. That does not happen too often in today's world.Service. The highest standard I have ever seen. Everyone addresses you by name. They can't do enough for you. The room service is the fastest I have ever had, and very good. The small bar is really warm and friendly and always busy at cocktail hour, humming with nicely dressed people. In fact, a few years ago they were filming a movie in Montreal and many of the actors were staying at the Vogue and I was invited to a private party at the Vogue Bar, and was served a martini by George Clooney!True story.The concierege will go out of his way for you. On this trip, I was extremely busy with appointments but needed to find a particular bottle of French wine with a hard to find vintage year of 1994 that I was unable to locate in my home city. I called the concierge and he tracked down two bottles for me. It was delivered back to the hotel and wrapped for transport back to Toronto.They also seem to keep their staff a long time. The doormen have been there for many years and I continually recognize other staff. They are clearly doing something right on many levels.Bottom Line: There is no need to stay anywhere else in Montreal.	
Oct 4 2007 	Consistently Excellent	I've been vacationing in Montreal for the past 10 years, and I can safely say the Vogue is the best downtown hotel. The staff is superb and they always seem genuinely happy to go the extra mile.Example - Shortly after entering my room, the front desk called and mentioned that the bell hop thought the room was rather dry, so they offered to send up a humidifier. I experienced that level of attention throughout multiple visits to the Vogue. This attention also extends to room service which is extremely prompt and the menu has something for everyone -- my girlfriend thought the three-cheese pasta was the best pasta she'd ever had.Rooms are big and clean with massive bathrooms that contain a bath (many with tvs) and separate standing shower. The mini-bar is very extensive and they include plenty of snacks that actually taste good.The location is unbeatable. Right off St. Catherine st. in the heart of the always active downtown area. Everything you want is within walking distance, including the metro.And if you like to feel secure during your stay, you're in luck. This is the only hotel I know of to require a room key in order to use the elevator.Overall, one of the best hotel experiences in Montreal.	
Aug 26 2007 	Loved Hotel Vogue!!	Hotel Vogue was in the heart of downtown Montreal. My husband and I were there for business in the winter of 2005. Our room was very, very clean, comfortable, and high-end. Be sure to ask for a room at the rear of the hotel so that you don't hear the nightlife of Montreal when you're ready to sleep. The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful with restaurant tips, maps, parking, etc. You can walk where ever you need to go from this hotel. Our favorite breakfast stop was just a block away! One of the nights we got caught in a winter snow storm in Old Montreal and couldn't find a cab anywhere, so we walked back to our hotel, about 12 blocks or so? Upon arrival around 1:00 a.m., covered in snow, they offered to bring some hot tea or warm cocktails up to the room for us! Professional, courteous staff all around!	
Aug 24 2007 	Great Hotel!!!	Lovely, clean and upscale. Large marble bathroom had a tv, whirlpool tub and separate shower. Helpful staff, clean and comfy bed. Will stay there again.	
Aug 15 2007 	First time at the Vogue and going back later this month!	As the title of my reviews suggest it, I liked it so much, I will be going back on my next visit to Montreal! What a great hotel! If you look at my profile, you'll notice that I'm a Montreal regular and usually go a few times in the summer. I'm also a Priceline regular but this time, I wanted to indulge and it was also the Nascar AND Pride week-end in Montreal which meant few hotels had availabilty. Found a good rate at the Loews and jumped on it and boy, was I ever glad I did! What makes this hotel so special certainly is it's high level of personalized yet, not overpretentious service. Of course, you have it's great rooms too! From the moment we walked in the door to our departure, we had everything we could have wanted. Bellman always there to greet you, nice fresh cut flowers in the relatively small, but elegant lobby. Check-in and concierge staff were gracious and made us feel at home. They were professional, yet not cold and too distant like the often case of large chain hotels. Such a constrast with the Sheraton I stayed at a few weeks before a few blocks from there. Cannot say enough good things about the staff. I called them back to book again for late August and the lady at the reservation office was equally helpful and you can just tell they like what they do.The hotel might not have a pool or many services, but it's rooms are heavenly. Certainly not dated but rather decorated in a more classice way. Our furniture was in a good repair. The housekeeping and cleanliness top notch. They vacuum around the edges. The bed was the best I slept in so far this year, liked it better than Westin's heavenly bed. The pillows were equally amazing, I would have all brought them back home but then housekeeping would have noticed... Kidding aside, bathroom equally great, despite the shower being more ordinary than is some other prestigious hotels but still fine in my book. I'm a Loews First member and all my preference were accomodated and the wine and nuts promptly sent up to the room. We had a queen room with a four-poster bed overlooking De la Montage which others found noisy but I did not. Drapes keep the room pitch dark, it's quite amazing. There is an iHome iPod compatible radio in the room If you have one.The location is great, we were in town for Divers-Cité and even if this hotel is relatively far from the Gay village, it's an easy subway or cab ride away (Métro is two blocks away, Peel). In fact, it's proximity to Ste-Catherine and Crescent is a big plus for some. We had a good time on top of L'hotel de la Montagne patio's on the rooftop across the street. Nice spot for a quick eat/drink on a sunny summer afternoon.I was very sad to leave this wonderful hotel and bed for home. I cannot wait to be back later this month and am ready to make it my only home away from home in Montreal.	
Aug 4 2007	4th time at the Vogue. Still the best.	This is the fourth time we have stayed at the Hotel Vogue. We always look forward to staying there and were not disappointed. The staff is wonderfully courteous and efficient. Our room was nicely appointed. We had a package that included parking and room service breakfast which was very nice. US newspapers are delivered to your door each morning. Location is great near galleries, museums and McGill. We will be back.	
Jul 28 2007	What a great place to stay!	My friend and I decided to go shopping in Montreal last March (sorry for the delay in writing this). Neither of us had very much experience with Montreal hotels, so after internet searches we decided to stay at the Vogue. We were totally unprepared for the Vogue experience.We flew into Montreal and arriving early at the hotel we were concerned that we would have to wait hours to get into our room. While checking in, a hotel guest who was sitting in the lobby asked us if it was our first time here? When we answered 'yes' he said &quot;well, it won't be your last, you will never stay anywhere else in Montreal&quot;. My friend and I just smiled and looked at each other rather skeptically as we were not particularly impressed with the lobby. It was clean but small and unassuming. Anyway, our room was available and we drilled the fellow who brought out bags to our room. He was soooo knowledgeable about the city and spent at least twenty minutes with us, providing shopping and restaurant tips. I could go on and on but the long and short of it - the doorman and all of the bellmen knew we were there to shop and became quite excited when we came back with bags and equally disappointed when we returned empty handed.We dined one night at the hotel restaurant. The service was impeccable and food superb. The amuse bouche was wonderful.The hotel bar!!The hotel bar!!! After the third night of going there for a nightcap we became 'regulars' as were 90% of the people there. Everyone knew each other as they all had been coming to the hotel for years and the bartender knew them on a first name basis. I happened to mention to someone that my husband was a scuba diver - the next thing I knew, everyone in the bar was involved in a discussion about scuba diving and providing me tips of the best diving sites in the world to pass onto my husband. Honestly, it is like a small friendly community.As far as our room. It was large and clean. Two very comfortable queen sized beds with lots of room for our luggage and to sit and relax. The bathroom was fabulous. It was enormous with a large jacuzzi tube, separate shower and marble vanity. The room also had a lit vanity mirror and second hairblower in the hallway. This was a bonus for two females!The location is great for shopping - right across the street from Ogilvie's, Holt Renfrew is a short walk with lots of boutiques along the way and St. Catherines Street is very close. Also,the location is a short cab ride to Old Montreal for shopping or dining.One tip - on arriving at the Montreal airport we decided to pay a bit more than the flat fee taxi fare (I can't remember how much) and take a limousine to the hotel. We had decided to take a limo back to the airport but found out that there is a huge increase in limo fares from Montreal back to the airport.My friend and I are going back to the Vogue in the fall!!!	
Jul 23 2007 	Wonderful Experience...we'll be back!	My fiance and I stayed at Loews for a quick romantic weekend get away (we are from New York). We stayed there during Canda Day and Jazz Festival weekend. HOTEL SERVICE: The doorman and valet attendent were wonderful throughout the whole weekend. Room service staff (we ordered from 2x) were very attentative. The front desk staff was alright. The day we left, we called downstairs 20 mins prior to check out to ask them to bring our luggage down and our car around. We waited downstairs for about 15 mins before asking them where our stuff was. They said the valet was getting the car and the bellman was brining down our luggage. Another 10 mins still no luggage or car. So my fiance went up and talked to the front desk who did not apologize but stated she thought it was here. Where we were waiting at she could clearly see there was no luggage or car for us. That was not apprecaited and left a sour taste in my mouth. Not a way to conclude a nice stay. Concierge was ok. She was not very knowledgable unless it came to tours. We brought our car so we didn't need a tour but POI's. She didn't have much to offer in relation to that. She was much better suited at dinner reservations. Loews will give you the menu's of all the places that you maybe interested in and will call there and make your reservation once you have made your selection. Very nice!FOOD: Room service food was wonderful! We had turkey burgers and chocolate milk. YUMMY! Restaurant was ok. We went there our first night for dinner. The french onion soup is to die for!!! For dinner I had a pasta dish that was made with oil. I asked if they could make it with alfredo sauce and the man said no problem at all. It came out with just the oil but I didn't bother to send it back. It tasted ok. We had just finished a 7 hour drive up there and I wasn't interested in waiting for a fresh plate. My fiance enjoyed his meal even though I cannot remember what he had. ROOM: GORGEOUS! it looked just like the pictures on their website. We stayed in a guest room with a canopy bed. It has been of the most luxirous beds I have ever slept it. Total comfort!! The suite was very clean and updated. There was even a vanity area outside of the bathroom with a bench. Really ENJOYED that feature! The bathroom was all marble and gorgeous. We didn't take advantage of the tub but we did take advantage of the glass shower while watching the small flat screen in the bathroom. Nothing like watching CNN with getting all sudsy ;) Hopefully they will have free wi-fi in the rooms one day. We brought our lap top and paid $15/24 hours to use the internet. It is free I believe downstairs on their computers and I didn't notice a line for the PCs when we were down in that area. OVERALL: Highly recommend! We plan on going back and bringing our Yorkies with us. We did see one or two small pets but never heard any barking/noise from any rooms. Very clean, very spacious and we can't wait to return!	
Jul 15 2007 	lovely people lovely hotel	Great hotel with large, clean rooms. My room had a large tub with jets and a tv, so I became completely addicted to a nightly soak and movie. I didn't ask for much, but the hitel staff that I interacted with was friendly and helpful. Stayed last year at the Sofitel which is just a few blocks away. Also a good experience, although they insisted on making up my room everyday despite the fact I put my &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign up every morning. The only down side to either of these hotels is that they're located in the business distract which is less than quaint if that's what you're looking for. Location is convenient for metro or taxi, though.I'd happily recommend the Loews to friends and probably stay again.	
Jul 3 2007 	Most satisfying hotel experience EVER	We have travelled extensively around North America and I can say without reservation that this was the most satisfying experience that I've had. Yes, I've stayed at properties that have bigger rooms or more luxurious surroundings, but looking at value, amenities, location and service all together, this hotel is head and shoulders above the rest. An important note: we took the advice noted below and requested a room on a high floor toward the back of the building and we received this with no problem.The room itself is very nicely appointed, with a large bathroom that contains a whirlpool tub with television and a separate shower. There are two hair dryers, one outside the bathroom at a vanity, which really speeded things up in the morning. The bedding is high-quality cotton with down duvets. We were impressed that they offered twice-daily maid service--very nice not to have to reuse wet towels in the morning. The service at the front desk was friendly and prompt. I speak French, but all of the people I spoke to were fluently bilingual. The location of this hotel could not be any more convenient to the main shopping area of rue Ste. Catherine. We did not eat at the hotel so I can't comment on the restaurant.We will definitely be finding an excuse to go back to Loews Hotel Vogue.	
Jun 22 2007 	Loved This Hotel	Just got back from New York and Montreal. I loved Hotel Vogue. The rooms are great (in size, style and comfort) and you couldn't ask for better service - the staff is exceptional. Great value for your money. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone and would stay here again - one of my best hotel experiences.	
Jun 18 2007	Great stay at Hotel Vogue	My husband and I spent a long weekend in Montreal and enjoyed our stay at Hotel Vogue. The service at the hotel is outstanding. The bathrooms are large and were always stocked with plenty of towels. The rooms are large and clean.My only complaint about the hotel was the noise from the street. The hotel is a block away from Crescent and the noise from the bars on Friday and Saturday night got a little loud.	
Jun 1 2007 	Best service in Montreal	This was my third trip to Montreal this year, I've lost count at how many in the last few years, all on business. I've been looking at the Loew's Vogue for awhile and this time I booked it. All I can say is, I finally found a hotel with great staff, good beds and first class housekeeping all in a really good location. I had a suite with what the hotel calls an 'urban' view - code for no view. Didn't matter as I was out all day and preferred the quiet away from the noise of busy Rue de la Montagne. I could actually sleep. The hotel is only 9 floors, so there are no great views from any room. I had two fellow travelers there as well and their rooms were on low floors and faced Montagne so they had lots of noise. The 'living room' area was very large but had no windows as it was in a corner area. Now that I wasn't crazy about. I could have done with less space but lots of windows. The dining table made for great meeting space. There was a 46&quot; flat screen with a DVD player and surround sound. A guest bath was handy as we worked for most of the afternoon.The bedroom was about the size of their Premium room and had a king bed, desk with a good chair, lots of phones, and a small club chair for sitting. Nice 27 inch TV with DVD built in. Good radio/CD player clock in the rooms. The bath was huge, but that did take away for the room space. Two narrow windows. One of my fellow travelers had a Deluxe room [standard] and said it was small for him and his wife. All had nice appointments and though not new, the furnishings and carpets were spotless and well maintained. The Opera Bar off the lobby had excellent drinks and offered light meals. I didn't try the restaurant as Cresent St with lots of choices is just a block over. Eggspectations was half a block in one direction and St Cathrine's half a block in the other. Old Montreal is a cab ride away, so this hotel is not as well placed as many for those visiting on vacation.Staff could not have been nicer or more helpful. Better than the Omni, Sofitel, or the Ritz. Turn down service included fresh towels. The only thing I didn't like, besides the lack of windows in the living room, was no wi-fi. I really wish hotels would do two things: 1. include internet access in the rate [I pay enough for the room, so PLEASE stop charging me $14.95 + tax per day] and 2. have wi-fi OR hard wire choices in the rooms. I like to sit on a sofa or love seat and work in comfort. The other thing was a tiny shower stall in the guest bath. The main bath had a jetted tub with a hand-held shower. Not my favorite after a long day so I used the little stall instead.The Loew's Vogue made a believer of me. And if for no other reason, the great staff, I will go back, even if it;s only a standard room. Two thumbs way up.	
Jun 1 2007	OK but ONLY because I got a great deal	The only reason I chose to stay at this hotel for a weekend in May was because only this and one other hotel in the city offer special benefits through my credit card. Next time, I probably will forgo my credit card benefits and stay at another hotel as I noticed there are many others that appear to be newer and more luxurious.The hotel was an excellent value for what I paid. I was upgraded (through my credit card) to a one-bedroom suite with two bathrooms (with useless flat panel tvs above the tubs)– all for the price of the cheapest room. The view was of another building across an ugly alley, but that was fine, since the room was large and adequate, although dated (no flat screen TVs in the main room, fancy radios, or updated light fixtures, bedding, etc.) The room also seemed a bit worn around the edges and the condition of the carpet was only so-so. It was like an airport Hilton that hadn't been updated since the mid 90s and without marble bathrooms.I don’t want to come off sounding like a snob, but a hotel rated this high should be a lot nicer. Especially since it was voted Trip Advisor’s best luxury in Montreal. This hotel is by no means bad, but it absolutely CANNOT be the best luxury hotel in Montreal. It needs a loving overhaul. The lobby was small, but nice with two computers for free internet. Valet was $30 CAD a night and I did notice that there were some public parking lots nearby. There is no hotel driveway so your car is left double parked in the street and they hurry you through like crazy to free up the space. Room service arrived on time and was presented nicely. I was happy with the amount of salmon that came with the lox and bagel selection.Every staff member I interacted with was extremely friendly and helpful - especially housekeeping.Next time I will either stay in a boutique hotel in the Old Port/Old Montreal area or the glitzy Sofitel on Sherbrooke (every time our cabdrove us by the Sofitel I strangely felt drawn to it – it was modern and definitely looked good.).The Loews Vogue wasn't terrible and you'll have a fine time, but there are better options in Montreal. If you do stay here join the Loews loyalty club on their website for the perks.	
May 31 2007	Very good service	We just loved our recent stay at the Vogue! The service is always very good, the location is great and they have those small attentions that make a difference (they let a bag in our car with 2 apples and 2 bottles of water for the road).The breakfast (room service) was delicious.We just can't wait to go back!	
May 30 2007	Spacious Rooms Great Location	Stayed at Hotel Vogue in a Junior Suite with our two young children in early May. We usually reserve suites when our family travels together and this Suite, in comparison to others we have stayed in, was extremely spacious and well appointed. We really appreciated the 2 full bathrooms and all of the extra space.The Hotel was very centrally located and within walking distance to many restaurants and stores.Service was very attentive in the Hotel although we found the waitstaff in the main dining room at breakfast a little supercilious. I did not feel that &quot;LOEWS Loves Kids&quot; in the Dining Room at the Hotel Vogue. Room service was prompt, helpful when we ordered our children's meals and asked for different options than offered on the menu, and decent in quality.I would definitely recommend this Hotel for families. My kids loved the big jar of M&amp;M's at the Front Desk...a nice welcome touch for little ones.Overall, a very comfortable stay that met, and sometimes exceeded my expectations.	
May 29 2007 	Nice Hotel!	We just returned from a 4 night stay at Loews. The hotel was very nice, the hotel staff goes out of their way to make you happy! The bathroom was awesome with the huge bathtub with jets and extra large towels. The room was large and came with complimentary valet and breakfast (room service breakfast was wonderful!). My only complaint was that there was some construction going on outside of our room and it was very loud and started at 7am. We called the front desk and they moved us to a quieter room. Other than that it was a great stay. The hotel bar was very fun!	
May 16 2007 	Best Hotel 	First thing you do is join the Lowes First program...This is the hotel in Montreal, we have stayed in several and this is it. Wonderful restaurnats and shopping right outside your door. The staff cares about your stay and are attentive. The rooms are comforatble and bathroom is amazing, marble tub w/ telly.Beds are soft and cozy..nice sheets.Great little apps and wine in the lobby bar.Just a great hotel...It is where we always stay in Montreal. Can't beat it or the price! Just can't say enough nice things about this hotel.	
Apr 21 2007	bon jour Montreal !!	Great location and great staff . The room was spotless clean . Seemed like they were expecting us . We loved the maple fudge that they served in the afternoon . One block and you will be on St Catherine Avenue . I would definately stay there again . Merci !!P &amp; W Doudar , Los Angeles	
Apr 12 2007 	OK experience follow-up serive amazing!	On a recent(ish) trip to Montreal, we stayed at the Vogue. Firstly, I'll just say it was a little less than I was expecting. Everything was kind of dated and the electric baseboard would buzz all night long.We were lucky enough to be on the top-level. We had a street-side room, and I wouldn't recommend it. My view was of apartments across the street, who could easily see in, and vice versa. Also, I had to take a midday nap (after Lasik surgery) and I was constantly woken up by noises, mostly traffic, but the worst of which was the doorman constantly whistling for a taxi cab.The room was fairly spacious, but quite dark and likewise with the bathroom. True, the whirlpool tub was quite nice, but all the black marble made it very dark. The shower stall was just tiny, and actually had a plastic bottom - odd.Room service wasn't great. I don't know if it was due to a language problem, but I never really got what I ordered, and in one instance it took an hour for a grilled cheese and slice cheescake.Let me just say, I filled out a Survey for this Hotel, and was delighted to receive a response from the Manager who apologise profusely and refunded my delayed room service. They also guaranteed I would never have this problem again! Absolutely amazing, and bumped up the rating on this stay.As for location, It's right there off a main street of shopping. It isn't near the underground city, but not too far to walk to.We also ate at the restaurant there, and since we were the only ones there had amazing service. We were attended to and also left alone to enjoy our meals and wine. The food was really quite good, and our waiter was very friendly and just generally pleasant.All in all, we might stay there again, should we go back to Montreal. We'd probably avoid room service since the food wasn't great. Infact it was fairly average. I'd insist on a back room, and we'd probably make a dinner reservation at the restaurant.	
Apr 11 2007	Well-located Great Service and Beautiful!	Just returned from a 3-night stay at the Loews Vogue, and it was truly a delight! It's a boutique hotel, located right near first class shopping and restaurants in downtown Montreal. The service was great, rooms are beautiful ... no complaints whatsoever. The bathroom is very large (at least in the Premium rooms), with a jacuzzi tub, and a small TV among the nicest features. The bed was extremely comfortable.The lobby has 2 computers available for guests to access the internet free of charge. You can also get internet service from your room, but there is a per-diem charge for that (about $14 I think).. There's a cozy and stylish little bar area where you can have a drink, and another area with comfy chairs, a sofa, and a fireplace where you can read the newspaper etc.The only thing to avoid is the hotel's restaurant. The food was very mediocre and disappointing, in contrast to so many other places in Montreal. Service was only fair, even when the restuarant was practically empty. Don't waste your money! You are steps away from much better food ... even the food courts in the malls are better.	
Apr 5 2007 	A First Class Experience!	My husband and I decided to spend a night in Montreal on our way to Quebec City. Prior to booking, we joined their LoewsFirst Club- a MUST! Not ony did this entitle us to free parking and a daily newspaper, but we could also choose a complementary which would be waiting for us upon our arrival (we chose a tray of fruit and bottled water). Parking and check-in went smoothly and our room had lovely classical music playing when we entered. The bed was extremely comfortable! The bathroom was tremendous with a separate shower, a huge jacuzi bathtube, a television and two bathrobes! I could have spent my entire vacation in that bathroom! Since I had paid for the breakfast package (which is served in your room), we had a continental breakfast the next morning, which although delicious, was quite inadequate. We were hungry within two hours. If you are booking a breakfast package, I recommend pay ing a few dollars more and requesting the American breakfast- a much better deal! When dining out, avoid the hotel's Ristorante Cellini. The food was lousy and over priced. There are much better restaurant choices in the vicinity.	
Mar 24 2007 	Great Value Jetted Tub and friendly staff	Wife and I just got back from Montreal and had a great stay at the Loews Vogue Montreal. Being from the west coast I wasn't very familiar with the Loews chain, we don't have one in Vancouver or Seattle - as a matter of fact I don't think they even have one in Toronto. Nonetheless, this place was a gem. My room was $189 and included chocolates nightly on the pillows, a surprise gift which was an ice wine type local product. The room was a good size, the bed was absolutely perfect. We chose a King Size bed and it took all we had to get up in the morning - very very comfortable. The bathroom was the best I've ever experienced. Alot of square footage, a Jetted tub, seperate shower, and heat lamp for additional warmth. They have a DVD rental program and lots of little extra's like free shoe polishing, Customer service was second to none and location could not be better. One street over from very active Crescent street and a block up for shopping haven Ste.Catherine's street. I've staye and more high end hotels than I could count - The Loews is my new favorite. We need a Loews in western canada.	
Mar 4 2007 	First time staying at Loews hotel chain..and will return	It was our first visit to Montreal( we went end of Sept.. sorry for late review) and we usually pick luxury hotels if possible when travelling. 4 to 5 star. The Loews met our expectations.LocationWe found the hotel was difficult to find because of all the one way streets around the hotel. We missed the turn as the hotel is not located on a main street. So make sure you ask for good directions when leaving the airport.Service We took the red eye flight, at the time it seemed like a good idea at the time. However, we forgot that check in was at 4 pm. So we were forced to tour Old Montreal early. Our room was not ready but the front desk said they would call us once it was. We were able to get our room around 3 pm.. so we were very tired. The hotel lobby is small and your room key is required to access the elevator. The doorman was very helpful with directions and greeted us each time we came and left the hotel. When it rained, the doorman provided us with an umbrella for our shopping trips. There were fruits in the lobby for guests, hidden the corner.ParkingValet parking is the only choice. we found they we had to wait often despite calling ahead of time. I think they were short staffed and the hotel does not have a private drive for the valet cars so you see the staff moving cars alot along the busy Montreal street the hotel is located. If you are thinking about self parking, there is none that is within walking distance. One thing about Montreal, some of the older areas, you will notice very narrow streets. RoomWhen we finally did settle into our room, the room was a nice size. Bathroom was nice, jacuzzi tub with T V, separate walk in shower, separate vanity/make up mirror outside of bathroom. Bed was comfortable, clean room. no dust. window coverings provide a dark room if you are looking to catch some sleep. Nightly turn down included. Location/Attractions NearbyThe hotel is located directly across from a gentleman's club and the shopping district on St. Catherines Street./underground shopping. also has several gentleman's entertainment and shopping, an odd mix but you see the bouncer standing outside of these locations. You can't miss the neon signs. But, dont' worry it is child friendly and we found the crowd was not as loud as downtown Toronto night life. Loved the location it was very close to the underground shopping centre that Montreal is so popular. Shopping was great because we found lots of deals ( end of summer sales).. We found alot of restaurants within walking distance. However, to tour Montreal I would recommend renting a car to see Old Montreal or Latin town. Lots of choices of restaurants if you are willing to drive 20-30 mins.	
Mar 2 2007 	Great location super-comfortable room	We often go to Montreal, but have never stayed at the Vogue. We really enjoyed our stay there. The location is great, the bed super-comfortable, and the towels are extremely abundant and plush. The hotel also has a small gym with nice cardio equipment.	
Feb 26 2007 	Best Service in Montreal	My wife and I stayed in early Feb. 2007 for a good week-end shopping trip. The service was excellent.The rooms were very good. Nice, spacious and quiet.The bathroom was very good. Above average size, deep jacuzzi tub, shower and bathrobes.The downstairs restaurant was average.Room service was excellent.Free internet downstairs in the lobby.If traveling by car, do yourself a favor and take the package deal for breakfast(continental) and parking. Worth every penny since parking is getting expensive in Montreal, including no more free parking on Sundays.	
Feb 20 2007 	Best Hotel!!	My husband &amp; I stayed in this hotel last weekend and we absolutely loved it. We went there for my birthday and the concierge essentially planned everything for us. He recommeded a wonderful bakery (a 10 minute walk from the hotel), a wonderful spa (a 5 minute walk from the hotel) and a wonderful romantic restaurant on the same street as the hotel! In addition, on the actual birthday, the hotel surprised us with two wonderful cakes!! The room was amazing! The service was superb! Def. can't wait to go back!! I highly recommend this gem.	
Feb 20 2007	Amazing Stay	I was staying at this hotel on business last week and I must say that it is THE best hotel I've ever stayed in. More than the gorgeous rooms, the great bathroom, the fantastic food......the service and staff were second to none. They're the best ever, in every way.	
Feb 12 2007 	Best part of the trip!	We had a very rough, unlucky weekend of bad travel and bad weather and the only bright spot of the trip was Hotel Vogue! From the moment we arrived the service was amazing, the rooms were very nice and the concierge was so helpful. We loved staying here and would absolutely recommend it if you're looking for a peaceful getaway and a great hotel! If we go to Montreal again, there is no question we would stay here.	
Dec 28 2006 	A lovely Christmas at Loews	We spent Christmas weekend in this hotel and had a great time. The rooms are well equipped and the sheets are especially luxurious. The bathroom was huge and always well stocked with towels, high-end soaps and bath products. The staff is very friendly and eager to help. The hotel itself is in a great location. The street is relatively quiet in terms of foot traffic, but it is Montreal and if somebody's having a good time a couple of blocks away, you're bound to hear it. It is close to the main shopping strip, great restaurants and other tourist attractions. We felt safe and looked after in this hotel, and though we knew the neighbouring rooms were occupied, we never once saw or heard anything.We would definitely recommend staying at this hotel again. It has the true Montreal charm that is lacking from the larger hotels.	
Nov 28 2006	Great Location	Room was nice, but if you need peace and quiet ask to stay in a room facing away from the main street. The location was only blocks away from shopping and nightlife. The rooms were large and comfortable. I would stay here again. 3.5 out of 5	
Nov 23 2006	11/24 - Loud construction 6am to 7pm - Single pane windows.	While we loved the hotel charm, friendliness, et al., When you get woken up before 7am with construction noises outside of your window you quickly realize the Most important thing about a hotel is that you get some sleetp.A building is being torn down on the rear of the property. Our neighbor says that he heard the noises too. Blinds and curtains don't help much when there are single Pane windows that let the sound in.Avoid this hotel until December.	
Nov 23 2006	class all the way	not only is The Loews vogue hotel located in the hot spot of downtown Montreal, but when you walk in there, you know you've in a classy spot!!!Upon our arrival we were greated by bell boy right outside the door. We left him the keys and went it where we were warmly welcome by the clerk who was courteous and helpful. Once in our premium room we were pleasantly surprised by the gorgeous huge bathroom with tv in spa bath. My favorite. The clerk actuall called minutes after our check-in to make sure the room was to our liking. Our view was of the outdoor terrace, which in the summer time might have been an issue if there was an event but in the bginning of fall, ws perfect for us. The hotel has a full time concirge there to guide you for restaurants, shoping and activites.. although it's obvious to shop at Louis Vuitton, Holt Renfrew and Ogilvy which are just accross the street. The restaurant was absolutly great, great service, great food... But too many peoploe waiting on you at once and they don't really communicate.The eager bus boy who cleared or table 3 times... once when we went to the bathroom and twice when we went outside to smoke. Other than that, we had a 500$ bill and it was well worth it.When we finally checked out of the hotel, we were escorted to our car which had a bag of treats, a great thougtful gift for our roadtrip home.EXCELLENT STAY!	
Nov 21 2006 	Excellent Hotel	We have just had a few days at this lovely hotel. Right from check in the service was extremely efficient and friendly. We consulted the concierge desk several times for restaurants and car hire and they could not have been more helpful. The room was big and pleasant and I particularly liked the fact that there was a properly lit dressing table area in the room - pretty rare in my experience. The bed was very comfortable. There was noise from the street outside on Friday and Saturday nights, other nights were ok. The location is great, very central, and there is a fantastic department store called Ogilvys opposite the hotel. We really enjoyed our stay and would certainly return.	
Nov 4 2006 	Good not great	Service in the hotel and at the bar is excellent. They allowed us to move our room when the noise from a nearby street concert was getting out of control. Would not recommend the restaurant at all though (our distracted, angry waiter messed up our breakfast order and then disappeared, returning only to overcharge us). Yes, the bill was fixed but it was a very unpleasant experience that management did not really care to address. Rooms are very comfy, bathroom very nice. Workout room small and cramped. However, the location is excellent and security elevators means you must be a guest there in order to go to any floor.Woudl I stay there again? Not sure. Would probably try elsewhere first. If you do stay there, get a deal that includes valet (the charges for valet parking are expensive).	
Nov 2 2006 	What Makes This a Great Place	I arrived at Loews in Montreal after a 14 hour delay at the hub airport from which I departed - getting in close to midnight. When I reached the front desk, the hasstles of the day ended. I was checked-in quickly and smoothly, baggage sweep up by the bell captain, shown to my room (great corner room, in quiet location) -- and despite the hour, was told that no problem at all exited with room service, that it operated 24-hours a day, and one could even have breakfast anytime throughout the day. Dinner arrived in less than minutes, everything just right and as ordered.And so it continued for 4 days: for example, when out of tea in the room, a supply was delivered by a hall captain; when a problem existed with a plug for the lamp, an electrician appeared in short order; and when some supplies were needed for a professional presentation, the concierge provided just what was needed.It is the case that the rooms are well furnished and well equipped, and that the bathrooms are terrific. A certain range of other hotels have those features too -- but few (if any) provide the service, the attentiveness, and the superb staffing of Loews Hotel Vogue-Montreal. A great place !	
Oct 15 2006 	Excellent Hotel	Just spent a romantic weekend at this great hotel. The room was spacious and well furnished. The staff was very attentive and polite. We really enjoyed the lounge and their sausage appetizers. The only complaint is the noise from the street below. As long as you don't go to sleep before 3 am, you'll be fine. The jet tub is a great way to start the day. I would suggest this hotel for any getaway.	
Oct 15 2006 	TripAdvisor - on the money again!	Although Hotel Vogue doesn't maintain the highest hotel star rating, there is absolutely no reason it shouldn't! The rates were modest for the area, the service sublime and the room was fabulous. Please note: You must force yourself out of bed. It's that comfortable and peaceful of a night's sleep.From the knowledgeable conceirge to the happy-go-lucky bellmen and doormen, we felt as if we were staying in our home away from home. When we departed, we were gifted adieu apples and water bottles to ensure our appetites and thirsts would be quenched in our travels home. Book this hotel. Period.	
Oct 9 2006 	Great Unless You Want to Sleep	This is a charming, upper-end property in the heart of the city. The only problem? Single-paned windows mean you hear everything -- I mean everything from the street below. There are lots of bars below. See where I'm going? Loud, loud, loud in the rooms.We checked out after one day and headed to the Inter-Continental, a fabulous place.	
Oct 2 2006 	Just Great!	This was a TripAdvisor choice and it was just great!Room was spotlessly clean, roomy, comfortable and the bathroom was modern and well appointed.Staff were as good as you'd find anywhere, and the restaurant and bar were both top class.	
Sep 25 2006 	Staff puts this hotel a cut above the rest.	Inspired by the overwhelmingly positive reviews I read on the web, I booked this hotel for it's location and jetted tub. I would reccomend it without hesitation to anyone primarily beause our experience with the staff- they were outstanding at every single turn with everything from booking us appointments at a nearby spa to accomodating my boyfriend's need to keep his insulin (type one diabetic) cold at all times. The room service was lightning quick even in the middle of the night and while pricey (which was to be expected) the portions were quite generous and the quality surpassed my expectation for hotel food. If I was going to nit-pick one tiny thing, I wished the lighting in the bathroom had a dimmer switch or a different option- the somewhat harsh overhead light took away from the relaxation we so anticipated in the tub. Everything else was outstanding, and I look forward to staying there again.	
Sep 23 2006 	loved this hotel	stayed at this hotel for 3 nights the staff couldnt do enough for you and the rooms were wonderful. The location was perfect would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to any one.	
Sep 21 2006 	Flawless	Just lovely. Exquisite rooms. Clean and excellent. Great location. I felt like a movie star. A pool would have made it perfect	
Sep 15 2006 	Delightful Hotel	This hotel is a gem in the heart of Montreal. Spent a delightful weekend at the Vogue. Close to everything in downtown Montreal. One half a block from Ste Catherine Street shopping, the hotel offered an oasis of quiet in the middle of Canada's most dynamic city. Room service breakfast was fabulous. Staff was most helpful. The marble bathrooms were great as were the duvet comforters and feather beds. Would stay at this hotel anytime I visit Montreal.	
Sep 10 2006 	Fantastic Customer Service at Hotel Vogue	We started our 3 week trip of Canada in Hotel Vogue and we could not have asked for a better beginning. We were slightly apprehensive of what we would find as we had got a 3 nights for the cost of 2 deal and therefore we were sure they must have scrimped on something but that was most deinitely NOT the case. Our room was enormous and clean with an amazing en-suite bathroom. MArble all round - large jacuzzi bath as well as separate shower and there was even a TV in the bathroom as well. The staff were friendly and polite and Phillippe, the concierge assisted us advice on all sorts of things.Definitely recommend it to all.Hotel Vogue is also in a great part of town, with everything no more than a 30 min walk.	
Sep 5 2006 	Loved the Hotel Vogue	My husband and I visited the Hotel Vogue for a Labor Day weekend getaway. We picked the hotel by using Trip Advisor, and we were not disappointed. The hotel was absolutely beautiful. Our room was enormous. It had an entryway, a makeup application area with lights and a bench, and the largest bathroom I have ever seen at a hotel. The bathroom had a fabulous jacuzzi, which we used every night while we were there. Another nice touch was the plants in the room and in the bathroom. There was a flat screen television in the bathroom. While that's certainly not a necessary amenity, it did feel extremely luxurious. Housekeeping was wonderful. They even straightened up at night when they came for turn down service- and left classical music on to relax us when we came back to the room. The hotel was extremely well situated, right in the heart of downtown Montreal. We could not have been happier with our stay, and would highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a little pampering in the center of the city.	
Aug 28 2006 	Top Notch	Reviews were right on the money..Had a great stay with my wife. Rooms are spacious, quiet, &amp; clean, with exceptionally comfortable beds, sparkling linens, and a stocked mini bar. Bathrooms are luxurious with marble tubs, quick filling bath with powerful jets &amp; a nice mini t.v. to boot. One of our days was very rainy &amp; the comfort of the hotel made it enjoyable. The staff is extremely attentive, and really went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to ensure a nice birthday for my wife. I would never stay anywhere else in Montreal. Thanks again to the Vogue staff for a great stay.	
Aug 20 2006 	Perfect	Our 5 night stay confirmed everything positive you've read up to this point.The hotel is beautifulThe rooms are gigantic (we were upgraded because it was our wedding anniversary, simply by asking)The bedding is wonderfulThe &quot;electronics&quot; are great -- DVD/VCR, you can hook up your iPod (if you bring proper cabling), lots of TV stations (which is kind of fun if you're from out of the country and enjoy discovering French-language TV)The staff is impeccable. Everytime we called for help (and we kind of asked for a lot of little things) they sounded genuinely eager to help -- and did.This hotel is the very definition of refined, timeless luxury. Would stay again without hesitation.	
Aug 20 2006	Vogue Honeymoon	We had a great time at the Vogue on our June 2006 honeymoon. The room was large and luxurious. We particularly enjoyed the special welcome note to the new &quot;Mr. and Mrs.&quot; with chocolate covered strawberries upon arrival. Our luggage was lost by the airlines, but the hotel staff was eager to help. They asked if we preffered to have it delivered to our room if it arrived in the middle of the night or if we would rather have them keep it at the desk until morning. We chose the former and, after a phone call, it was delivered at 3am as soon as it arrived at the hotel. We were grateful.The conceirge was helpful in offering suggestions for tourist attractions and in providing a map along with personal directions to some of our destinations.The room was spotless and always looked great upon our return each day. We were pleased to have the turndown service and even puttered around in the small, but well equiped gym on our floor. We loved the bathroom with it's whirlpool tub and mounted TV. The robes were nice to slip into as well. Well suited for romance.It's in a great location: nearby Metro stop, St. Catherine St., and Crescent St. We walked everywhere: to Old Montreal, to Mont Royal, to the riverfront, to McGill, and to wonderful shopping and restaurants in downtown. We only rode the Metro out to Olympic Park and the botanical gardens. We definitely recommend this hotel. The room was fabulous and the staff very kind! I am certain that we will stay there again if we return for an anniversary.	
Aug 9 2006	Awesome service and location	This hotel is awesome. The service was perfect, from the moment i arrived, the bellman took my bags and the check-in was quick and smooth. During my entire stay, there was always a doorman ready to greet me and open the door. It's located a block from the pubs and restaurants of Crescent street and in the center of the city. The old town Montreal is just a 5 to 10 min taxi ride away. The room was very large and comfortable, the linens were awesome. The bathroom was HUGE, with marble everywhere, a seperate tub and shower stall, and a small TV. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. For a more romantic getaway, i would recommend the St Sulpice in old-town Montreal, i've stayed there many times and it is a great hotel.	
Jul 28 2006	The best hotel stay I've ever experienced	An understated elegance permeats this boutique hotel: from the friendly yet non-snobbish doormen, the non-flashy yet classy lobby, the intimate bar, the professional and sincere front desk staff to the well-maintained room. Not to mention the full-size marble bath tub. My first visit to the hotel was about 6 years ago, I was very delighted to find out that everything was just perfect as I had remembered. If all the hotel staff and rooms are like this, I would stop complaining about business trips as much! Kudos to the management team. You should be proud of yourselves!	
Jul 21 2006	A hop skip and a jump away from rue St. Catherine's	I love the location it's just a hop skip and a jump away from St. Catherine's street. I lived in the area for many years so I'm familiar with the area. I loved waking up to the trade papers every morning and seeing the Bell Cap dressed in his array. As soon as I approached the Hotel the doors were opened my bags were wisked away and from that moment on the Vogue had me in the palm of it's hands.	
Jul 9 2006	top of the line	I have been returning to the Hotel Vogue ever since it opened in 1990, and I can tell you it is still one of the best hotel experiences I've had, anywhere.As a hotel owner myself, and director of marketing, I know the business. I can say without hesitation that management here is terrific, and that the staff is so, so well trained I wanted to steal them all for our hotel.They are pleasant, informed, well groomed, clear, and just a delight to deal with.A request for a room change was handled perfectly: No questions asked, the room was changed, and the guests were happy. This is the way it should always be done.Congratulations, et tres tres bien fait (well done).MerciJim BraudeDirector Of MarketingHotel Saint Louis Bastille Paris France	
Jul 4 2006	Everything we expected it to be	We have never in our lives spent $329.00 Canadian per night on a hotel room and we've travelled the world. But this was our 25th wedding anniversary and we live close to Montreal so we were after comfort for once, not a zany room in a madly exotic destination. Just for once, we decided to experience what a really comfortable hotel experience was like. It was great. What I especially appreciated was that we were left alone until we needed something. Regardless of what it was, and even in the middle of the night, whatever it was was graciously and quietly brought to us within 10 minutes - rather amazing considering we were on the 8th floor at the very back of the hotel. (The street noise can't travel that far). The room itself was beautiful and fairly sumptious, most especially the bathroom as everyone has commented on Tripadvisor. One thing that I loved but hasn't been mentioned is how easy their rooms are for a woman getting ready to go out. The makeup area is well-lit with a comfy 'vanity' bench, just outside the bathroom. The hairdryer is even there. Putting on makeup couldn't be faster or more comfortable. And the bed was yummy, neither soft or hard. Our simple breakfast in bed of croissant, jam and coffee didn't break the bank as I'd worried it might. The staff are all consistently nice. They make it plain that they're there to help. No one bothered us about not leaving the hotel so they could clean it before lunch. We chose this hotel because it's the only one in Montreal dead in the centre of Montreal's main shopping. Its proximity to shopping meant that I didn't waste valuable cafe-sitting time travelling to take shopping back to my hotel. It costs about $15. for a cab to Old Montreal or up to St-Denis, St-Laurent, Laurier West or 'The Plateau'. To give people a hand deciding, if you're looking for a modern hotel such as Philippe Starke's in London, UK, this isn't it. We had to choose between our love of ultra-modern decor and a classic hotel with classically good service, of which Hotel Vogue is an excellent example. Montreal's more modern hotels are all east of Hotel Vogue, away from the downtown core.	
Jun 7 2006	The Vogue was fantastic!	My husband and I stayed at the Loews Hotel Vogue from May 31st until June 4th. We loved it! We stayed in a queen canopy room -- it was lovely. Elegantly decorated with wonderful linens, a luxurious bath decked out in marble, and a whirlpool to boot. The hotel itself was very clean, and our room was immaculate. Housekeeping was wonderful -- so friendly and they did a terrific job. Our room was cleaned each time we went out and restocked with fresh towels and robes. In the evenings as part of the turn down service, we were stocked with chocolates and a little card letting us know the next day's weather forecast. Our package gave us a daily continental breakfast, served as room service. Fresh croissants, danishes, and muffins were served with excellent jams and marmalade, as well as tea, coffee, and juice, complimented with a vase of fresh flowers. Service by all staff at the hotel was wonderful -- from reception to the concierge, the bellmen to the parking attendants ,we were met with smiling faces all eager to help. The concierges were especially helpful, suggesting restaurants and jazz clubs that turned out to be top notch. Check in and check out were quick and easy, and upon our departure we were handed a little bag for the road containing fresh fruit and bottled waters. A nice touch for a long drive home! My husband and I have stayed at many hotels and resorts in various places around the world that have all been highly rated, but this one may just be our new favorite! Oh, and for dog lovers like us, this is a dog friendly hotel and has room service for dogs consisting of specially prepared balanced meals and bottled water. For those with children (or babies, like us), they offer different programs to make your stay more enjoyable, as well as cribs for the little ones. We can't say enough -- the Loews exceeded all of our expectations! If anyone has any questions, feel free to e-mail me at janiceliv@yahoo.com.	
May 30 2006	Amazing Pet Friendly Hotel	This was our first trip with our 2 Yorkies (5 lbs. each). When we arrived each puppy was given a gift bag of treats and practical stuff. Moments after we were in our room a bellman arrived with a large, fluffy dog bed and 2 stainless steel bowls. This was definitely a treat for all of us.The Vogue is about great service as well as lovely rooms. The bathroom was huge and the jacuzzi tub was large and fabulous. This was our 3rd visit to the Vogue and it won't be our last. We love the convenient location to shopping, museums and restaurants.	
May 29 2006	Great location in Montreal	Excellent hotel in an excellent location. Had an issue the first night with not getting a double bed, but the receptionist made sure the next night we had the room we wanted.Great friendly staff, a joy all round, would stay here again.	
May 25 2006 	Lovely hotel	This is a really lovely hotel in a great location. Service is impeccable and the rooms are large and very nicely appointed. Huge jacuzzi bath and separate shower in a very spacious bathroom. Quality towels and bedding; just everything I love in a hotel. Very comfortable and not intimidating for a lady travelling on business alone.	
May 21 2006 	Exquisite	This hotel is fabulous!! Wonderful attentive service, sumptuous rooms with marble baths with whirlpool and TV, centrally located. We stayed at this hotel for a week and can't wait to go back. It was like being royalty.	
May 2 2006	Still a winner....	I stayed at this hotel a few years ago and liked it very much. Returning this year, I was a bit skeptical in that the hotel was a few years older and was concerned about its wear. I was pleasantly surprised in that the rooms are still first-rate and have been kept up quite nicely. The location is excellent, near all of the Catherine Street shopping. We did have some minor issued at the hotel but after addressing them with the front desk, they were remedied. The only downside is that there is no official hotel restaurant and although there is one attached to the hotel, it is not owned by them and service can be lacking.	
Apr 30 2006 	5 star for the Loews Vogue hotel	My wife and I spent 4 days at the hotel and just loved everything about the hotel. We were amazed by the size of the room and the bathroom. We were given an upgrade since our room wasn't ready and we had arrived on an early flight &quot;thanks Sandra&quot;. The in room dining is a little expensive but aren't all hotels similar? We were around the corner from the best Street in Canada, Crescent St. We found an amazing Italian restaurant Pino’s that served awesome meals till 2am. The concierge at the Loews recommended it and he was right on. We then went and did a little bar hoping at several pubs and this was all within a block of our hotel. If you want to be in the heart of it, stay at the Loews!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 28 2006	A five-star experience for a three-star price	I'm very picky about hotels, and generally don't enjoy traveling for work. However, my stay at this hotel made a 5 day conference trip really wonderful. My room was as elegant as a five star hotel in Manhattan. The bathroom had beautiful granite, and in a lovely way, not in the cheesy way you see in many hotels. It had a deep tub as well as a separate glassed-in shower. I never use tubs in hotels, but this was more like a spa, so I used it twice (fun to watch Star Wars with French dubbing at 1am). Even the artwork on the walls was lovely.The room was so quiet and the curtains so thick that I was able to sleep late every day (stayed on west coast time successfully). The two elevators were very fast and I never waited more than a few seconds. Even the gym was decent enough to get me in there working out (and open 24 hours).My only complaint is they charged $15/day for the internet connection (which was very fast). Trying to freeload off the local wireless didn't work. Also, all extra amenities and food are very expensive, so I recommend eating out.I used the metro extensively. It's 2 short blocks from the hotel. The street one walks on, St. Catherine-something, is quite lively with shops, but there are also some (relatively tame-looking) strip joints along that walk and late at night there are transients out and about. The metro stop itself at this particular location (Peel) is a bit gritty; the others I went to were much nicer. So that might be a turn off for some people. I recommend buying a week long pass for $19 if you'll be using it extensively.I would definitely stay here again if I visit Montreal again. This was a magical hotel for me. I was so relaxed there and slept so well (and should add now that the bed linens were wonderful, as was the turndown service which left classical music playing and truly terrific chocolate). And all this for $139/night (plus tax)!	
Apr 26 2006	Great Place to Stay	We spent seven nights at Loews Vogue in a junior suite. The stay couldn't have been nicer.We were pampered beyond belief. This hotel far surpasses the competition	
Apr 12 2006	Excellent location	My husband and I visited Montreal and stayed at the Loews Hotel for 3 nights. Upon arrival we were given a twin bedroom as it was the only one left. I was disappointed to say the least, however I was assured that we would be given another room the following day. As promised, the following morning we were moved to a 4 poster room. The best part of the hotel is it's location...its 30 seconds walk to the main shopping area....perfect!! The bedrooms have large bathrooms (seperate shower cubicle) with tv's so you can have a bath and watch tv!, the bar is rather small but adequate for a pre/post dinner drink and the restaurant menu sounded nice but the restaurant itself was pretty much empty on all 3 nights. There are plenty of nice restaurants to visit in the Old Town and so it wasn't a problem. The staff were all courteous. All in all a good place to stay.	
Mar 25 2006 	Luxury and an Ideal Location	This hotel has the atmosphere and individualized service of a boutique hotel, but is really not that small. Luxurious but unpretentious; beds and bathrooms are outstanding; friendly staff remember your name. Really the only drawback to this hotel is that rooms are hot in this cold weather, and you can't turn down the heat enough. My favorite Montreal hotel, partly because of its location in the heart of the best shopping/nightlife area.	
Mar 12 2006	Warm cozy luxuriant...	Located right in the heart of downtown Montreal, this hotel's unprepossing facade faces a very busy street, and across from the very chi-chi Ogilivy's department store. However, the noisy, busy exterior is soon left behind the minute you are welcomed by the accomadating doorman, and step into the small, warm and cozy lobby interior. To the left upon entry was a cozy, bookshelved fireplace and waiting area, furnished with oversized chairs, sofas, and coffee tables displayed with impressive looking hardcover books on art, natural history, architecture, and the like.There is a small, sunken cocktail bar to the right upon entering the lobby, and just beyond that is the hotel restaurant.My husband and I have stayed here twice - once in early fall(October 2005) and again recently in winter (March 4-6, 2006).Both times we were thoroughly satisfied and enjoyed what the hotel had to offer in the way of service, comfort and anemities.A word of caution to summertime and fall guests: because this is a downtown hotel and located right in the heart of the bar-hopping and nightclub scene, ask for a room at the back of the hotel, as the front facing rooms pick up a lot of street noise from below. This is not so much a problem during the winter, when downtown revellers generally stay indoors, and tend to leave their cars at home, but in the summer the noise level picks up quite a bit, and can interfere with a good night's sleep.This was our only complaint (and a minor one, as the room was perfect and met all my expectations), which the hotel front desk staff duly noted.I was pleasantly surprised upon our second stay that the hotel remembered our comments, and not only welcomed us back as guests and greeted us by name upon check-in, but remembered to give us a quieter room towards the back of the hotel. It is the small details such as this which give the hotel extra points for service, as far as we are concerned. Two thumbs up for remembering their homework here!Both times we booked through the hotel's web site, for a premium/deluxe room.Check-in was courteous, prompt and friendly and secure. You are given a credit-card type room key with which you must use on the elevator to access your floor and then your room.Now we come to the best part - the rooms.The rooms are absolutely *WONDERFUL.* Spacious, cozy, warm, and tastefully furnished. Generous closet space (with complimentary umbrella even!), bathrobe, in-room safe, and extra blanket and pillow if needed. The mini-bar (which we did not use) was filled with champagne, wine, imported beer, snacks, etc., with wine glasses, ice bucket and corkscrew nearby (unfortunately, there are no ice machines available on any of the floors - you have to call room service to get ice, or go downstairs to the hotel lobby cocktail bar).The bed was absolutely LUXURIOUS with comfortable (not too hard, or overly soft) king size mattress and bedding which included generous, comfy pillows and an opulent, luxurious, down-filled duvet that you could just sink into and lose yourself. But wait, it gets better...The bathrooms are this hotel's BEST feature and well worth taking advantage of. The huge, marbleized bathroom features a separate enclosed shower area, with the toilet area discretely tucked away from theGENEROUS oversized jacuzzi tub, which can comfortably accomadate two people. There's nothing I love better at a 5-star hotel than to immerse oneself in a luxurious, oversized jacuzzi tub filled to the brim with one's favorite bath essence or oils, and reLAAAX... and this hotel fits the bill perfectly.Towels are luxuriant 100% cotton, and plentiful. Included anemities are tastefully arranged bathroom sundries such as skin lotions, scented soaps, shampoos and cloths.Nightly turndown service was included in the price which included chocolates on the pillow, and the roombeing misted after pillows have been fluffed up, and sheets turned down.This is a wonderful hotel: tasteful, clean, luxurious, friendly and accomadating. I would not hesitate to stay here a third time! My only reluctance from giving this hotel an excellent rating is the lack of individual room temperature controls. I found the room overly warm and the air very dry. Since I always like to turn down the temperature at night before going to sleep, the lack of this feature made it a little uncomfortable. Other than that, it was a near perfect stay.For those who like to bar-hop, there are a plethora of nightclubs, bars and cafes to choose from. Shop-a-holics will enjoy the many boutiques (and Ogilivy's department store across the street)nearby, and for art lovers, the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts is just up the street. Montreal is also known for it's exceptional cuisine in all of North America, and you will have no problem finding many excellent restaurants nearby - all within comfortable walking distance of the hotel's front doors!As a final note, I would avoid eating in the hotel dining room (or even ordering room service), as it tends to be overly pricey. Instead, I highly recommend taking a stroll over to Crescent street and thereabouts to enjoy the many diverse choices of restaurant cuisine offered.~appaloosa12/03/2006	
Mar 12 2006	Top notch	We spent a weekend at the Vogue in mid January. Got a very good weekend rate though the regular rack rates seemed a little steep. Our room had an entrance foyer which gave the bedroom privacy when answering the door. The room itself was well equipped and spacious with two Queen beds sporting comfortable mattresses and top quality bedding. There is a safe in the room. The large marble bathroom contained both a shower stall and jacuzzi tub though the little 14 inch TV perched above it seemed dated and sort of funny. The lobby has a nice spophisticated cocktail bar area and a comfortable lounge with fireplace. There is also a formal looking restaurant with apparent Italian overtones but we did not eat there. Your room entry swipe card also operates the elevators for added security. The neighbourhood is safe and convenient, half way between St. Catherine Street and Sherbrooke Street with Ogilvy's across the street and the clubs of Crescent street are one block over. Also nearby is the Musee des Beaux Arts, Holt Renfrew and the Ritz Carlton. Staff were pleasant, obliging and competent and nothing seemed to be too much of a bother. The Vogue is neither a hive of activity nor the soul of mirth but is a very well run, well furnished, quiet and comfortable hotel in a good location which should suit mature, discerning travellers. Recommended.	
Mar 3 2006	Beautiful Hotel	My boyfriend and I and another couple stayed at the Loews Vogue from Feb. 2-6. Staff, location, and rooms were great. The bed was so comfortable I could have slept for days. Bathrooms are huge with bath &amp; shower. Cleaning staff did a great job. Location was excellent for bars, restaurants, shopping, etc. My only complaint is that hotel parking per night is rather expensive. Better off parking at the lot next door. I would definately return to this city and hotel in a heartbeat.	
Jan 6 2006	Great Hotel !	My boyfriend and I stay at Lowes Hotel Vogue during Dec 16th thru 23rd 2005. We both loved the hotel. The staff was great, the concierge was even better and the bartenders were friendly and engaging. We had an average size room on the 8th floor and the room was very quiet and had a large bathroom. The only complaint we both had was the restaurant in the hotel which was not so great. The hotel is not too far from the airport (about 30 minutes) and is centrally located to fine shopping, museums and restaurants. We went during the winter which is cold and snowing but we both found the snow to be beautiful and it made it feel like Christmas. If you go during the winter make sure to take a good coat!The people are very friendly and if you speak French they will love you but don’t be worried if you don’t because everyone we met spoke English. The city is also very gay friendly and has a great gay section called the “Latin Quarter”. I also suggest you visit Old Montreal, Montreal Casino (they have a great restaurant there). We loved the city and plan to return in the summer.	
Dec 11 2005	Great Stay!	My boyfriend and I had a two night stay in this lovely suite. I would recommend this hotel for a romantic getaway or for an extended weekend. I would recommend parking at the green P parking, its right next to the hotel. It was $40 to park there (from Saturday to Monday). We just parked the car when we arrived and walked everywhere, it was in a great location where everything was around. I have heard that it is expensive to park at the hotel.When traveling to Montreal again I would stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 11 2005	Exquisite	What an exquisite Hotel the Vogue is. The rooms are simply beyond luxurious. The bathrooms something befitting a royal. I went to Montreal to shop and check out the restaurants. I felt guilty every moment out of the room. Excellent location for shopping and restaurants. It was made especially nice after a stay at the Hotel W ....... a trendy boutique hotel in old Montréal which would be more suitable a film version of the Matrix part 15I had ordered a non smoking room at the Hotel W. I have chronic sinusitis so often have no sense of smell. I double checked when I got there to be sure the room was non smoking. A non smoking room wasn't available so I had to come back a few hours later. Then, dispensing with the front desk banter, I went to the room and crashed. Only to die later. There were ashtrays everywhere, Solution? I checked out and went to the Vogue. No racket, no fuss, no complaints. I will simply never go back to the W again.	
Nov 30 2005	What a Room!!	My family and I visited Montreal last December and decided to choose Hotel Vogue because of all the positive reviews given about it. It was a bit more expensive than the average hotel rate but it was definitely worth it! The room was amazing with a beautiful canopy bed and nice vanity. The best part was the large marble bathroom with jacuzzi. It was nice to come home to after walking outside in the snow all day. The service was great. Small issues were that the view was nothing special since it is not a tall building, it wasnt in the heart of downtown but relatively close, and we didnt receive complimentary bottled water as advertised. I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Nov 21 2005	A great Hotel but...	I really wanted to give this hotel 5 stars. In all my travels to Montreal ( quite a number of them), this is the nicest hotel that I have stayed at but...I booked a package online directly from the hotel website- price was amazing- got suspicious that something was wrong when my email confirmation did not reflect the package that I had selected. Called the hotel and was told by Sarah the reservations manager that the package that I thought that I had booked did not exist ( luckily I had cut and pasted the information in an email)and for an additional $20, she would upgrade us to a bed and breakfast package, but basically I was a liar. Called the corporate headquarters and lets just say that they straightened it out.Room was ready early, was beautiful- great spa tub and huge bathroom, luxurious bedding, more updated than the Ritz.We came back to our room in the evening to find champagne, fruit and even a birthday cake for me ( almost all part of our package). Concierge got our dinner reservations done perfectly and even complimented us on our choices- but was unable to get us one restaurant we wanted.But they did not clean our room the first day.And it took three tries to figure out what breakfast was included with our package ( we had a dinner included but opted not to use it).Bottom line, would come back to this hotel for the location and the rooms, but you need to stand your guns and look past the fact that it seems to have a few disconnects in staffing and communication process.	
Nov 10 2005	I made an excellent choice... we loved it	I took my boyfriend to Montreal for his 30th birthday. we stayed at this wonderful hotel. the first class service at front desk was great. they provided us with servicing our room 2 times a day. the concierge agents were very helpful and they made our trip very special. the only thing that I wish it was better it was the lobby of the hotel which was very small. overall the hotel was excellent	
Nov 1 2005	Wonderful in every way	My fiance and I spent 3 nights in Montreal, staying at the Hotel Vogue. We thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. I was concerned about street noise, as that was mentioned in some reviews. Our room, while on the second floor and overlooking the street (as I think all the rooms do) was very, very quiet. I can imagine in the summer when there's more street activity late at night, noise could be a problem. The weather was chilly so not too many people hanging out late at night. The concierge was outstanding and gave excellent restaurant recommendations as well as directions. The hotel is very comfortable -- great bed and pillows, lovely bathroom, and great valet service with our car. Also, we found the location excellent. We walked the city and liked being downtown with clubs, the park, and restaurants nearby. I highly recommend the Vogue.	
Oct 31 2005	It doesn't get better than this!	We stayed at this hotel from 10/27 to 10/30 after a cruise on Crystal. This hotel was like a continuation of the cruise. We had a wonderful room with stall shower, whirlpool bath in tub, 3 phones, 3 large windows, and an extremely comfortable bed. The room was very large and beautifully decorated. This is a rather small hotel located in downtown Montreal. There are numerous shops and restaurants nearby, museums and movies within walkind distance. The subway is 1 block away as is the entrance to the underground mall. Two restaurants we enjoyed nearby were Eggspectation and Pain Dore, both within one or two blocks and only open for breakfast and lunch. There is also a good delicatessen called Reuben's about two blocks away on St. Catherine St. After a cruise we do not want fancy food but there were many fine retaurants in the neighborhood too. The concierge was very helpful in giving us directions as well as suggestions as we were looking for particular purchases. Everyone at the hotel was friendly and helpful. The price of the hotel is not cheap but much less expensive than comparable boutique hotels in another big city like New York. We have traveled all over the world and stayed at many great places but I thought this was outstanding . May I suggest that if you book here you join Loew's Frequent stay club. It is free and entitles you to certain perks like newspapers and a fruit bowl when you arrive.	
Oct 27 2005	Most wonderful hotel in the world	I have stayed at hotels all over the world, and I cannot say that I have ever had a better experience than the one I had at the Loews Hotel Vogue. Beautiful rooms, first-rate service and excellent location. The beds are extremely comfortable and well-dressed. The bathrooms are spotless and luxurious -- complete with TV set. Certainly one of the finest hotels in the world to compliment this wonderful city. Other people have commented about the noise, but it was not an issue for me: I live in New York City, and, as in any city, I'm sure there is noise here and there, but don't let this deter you from staying here: It is truly wonderful.	
Oct 24 2005	Hotel Vogue: Magnifique...Splendide...Fantastique!!!	Just returned from a two night stay at the Hotel Vogue this past weekend. I couldn't have been more pleased. Upon our arrival, we were informed at checkout that we would be upgraded to a premium room with an oversized bath. Well, it was glorious. The jacuzzi tub was huge and totally surrounded with marble. There were ample towels, and lovely touches like the TV mounted on the vanity top and live plants.. not only in the bathroom, but the entire bedroom/living area as well. I mentioned at check-in that I was taking my fiancee' for a surprise birthday weekend in Montreal and they, without hesitation offered to send up a birthday cake, on the house! It happened to arrive when he was in the shower, so that was even better and a nice treat! I highly recommend joining the &quot;Loews First&quot; program before you arrive. They will bring you some nice goodies in the room and keep track of your general preferences. We had a package that included a &quot;continental Breakfast&quot; which usually just included coffee, juice and pastries. That was not the case. We were allowed to order a full size breakfast instead..another nice surprise. I did not hear a single peep of at night, so I was very confused by the other reviewers complaining about the excess noise. Our room was on the top floor facing front. The negatives all seemed to be around the same week, so maybe it was a fluke. The bed was super comfortable, and the room was very spacious and tastefully decorated. The location was fantastic. Just a quick stoll to all the cute restaurants on Crescent street, as well as St. Catherines. We will be sure to make the Vogue our home away from home in Montreal in the future.	
Sep 27 2005	Quelles belles chambres	The rooms at the Vogue are the nicest in the city. We were upgraded to a one bedroom suite but saw other rooms at the hotel also. Even the most basic room is spacious and all have jacuzzi tubs. Very clean and comfortable. We had no noise problem at all but did ask for a quiet room. Staff was very nice for the most part, some wait staff seemed a bit stuffy. Location was very nice, close to shopping on St Catherine st, and only a couple of blocks to the underground city and metro lines. Overall, a very comfortable stay at a beautiful property.	
Aug 25 2005	spoiled rotten	When we arrived at the Vogue we ended up upgrading our room for only $50 more(cdn). What a great decision!! We ended up in a suite with a living room, dining room, kitchen, huge master bedroom (with the most comfortable mattress I have ever slept on!) a marble bathroom with an enormous jacuzzi and television etc etc etc. We were never so spoiled!! The rest of the hotel was just as fabulous and the staff were efficient courteous and knowledgeable. From the bellman to the concierge to the bartenderO'MN to the front desk staff everyone was fabulous. This is what a luxury hotel is all about. Also someone here suggested signing up as a preferred customer on their website- what a great idea!! It worked very well for us!!	
Aug 22 2005	highly recommend this hotel!	this past weekend was my 10th stay at this hotel ( at least) within the last year and a half! I do not feel you can find a better deal in Montreal! The location is perfect as is the entire staff. Each time I arrive, I am warmly welcomed and greeted by name. It takes me 10 minutes to finish saying all of my hello's to the staff. That friendliness alone will keep me a loyal guest. The concierge's Louis -Felipe and Joseph are wonderful and will go out of their way to make your stay memorable, from getting a window table at the best St. Laurent st. restaurants to VIP lists at the clubs, they can make it happen. On one of my previous stays, I asked one of the doormen where i might be able to get a car washed... he did give me directions, however it was farther than i wanted to drive..the next morning when i was leaving to drive home, my car pulled out up front... washed, they had washed it for me in the parking garage!! I call that service. This past weekend, I found a small &quot;gift bag&quot; on my armrest, some fresh cookies, bottled water and some fruit for my ride back to NewYork along with a personally signed thanks you note from the hotel manager. Each time, they manage to extend the red carpet further and further! Personally, i have never had an issue with the noise, like others have written about. For anyone looking for a great location, this is the place, you can find decent rates all the time, join the Loews First club and you get lots of nice stuff after a few stays. If anyone travels with their pets... this is a super friendly pet hotel!!	
Aug 18 2005	Nothing less of superb!	My bf and I stayed at the Loews Hotel Vogue for 4 days last week. I must say, this is the best hotel I've stayed at so far. Our room was very nicely decorated with warm colors and a really awesome 4 poster queen size bed with pillowtop mattress, down comforters and comfy pillows. The bathroom is almost as big as the room itself! Separate whirlpool tub and glass shower. It even has a tv in the bathroom which was a very nice touch. Service was top knotch and location can't be beat!!! 1 block to your left is St. Catherines where all the shops are, 1 block to your right is Crescent where all the restaurants, clubs, bars, etc. It's really off of the main street so it's nice and quiet. I've had such a positive experience that I will ONLY stay at this hotel when I go back to Montreal! I loved it that much and I don't say that often.	
Aug 4 2005	Noisy but Nice	I second the previous rvw. I had a room on the 6th floor, far away from the Club across the street, but still heard base thumping until 2 am.The front desk did say that they were replacing all of the front windows &quot;soon&quot; to deal w/ the noise issue so one might want to inquire about this before staying here.The other reviews are pretty accurate in describing the hotel, especially about Jacques &amp; Philip being great concierges. Try to avoid the other guy unless you want a stuffy Frenchman. Also, note that it is an old building and that the nice lobby is not representative of this entire hotel.Dont forget to eat at Chez L'Epecerie while in Montreal.	
Aug 3 2005 	Serious noise problem	Light sleeper avoid this hotel! I can't see why this hotel is still in buisness if no one can sleep at night. We stayed for buisness 6 rooms in total and all had trouble sleeping at night during the week. The management seems aware of it, but really don't do nothing about it ,only saying with a fake smile &quot;we will assigned you a room facing the back for you next stay&quot;. Ya!right won't give me back my 4 nights in hell trying to sleep and I will never come back anyway! Yes the hotel is really nice and the staff is young and wonderfull and the bathroom are amazing but that's it. I could have sleep in my car and it would be more quiet!	
Aug 1 2005	I would give it a 4 if it wasn't so noisy!	We just came back from 3 nights at the Hotel Vogue in Montreal. Chose this hotel after reading the reviews on this site and requested a quiet room away from the noise. We ended up on the 9th floor and were pleased with everything except the not so quiet music from the rooftop of the Hotel De La Montagne up the street. The music was extremely loud and didn't stop till 1:30 or 2 in the morning. After walking around town the entire day, it would have been nice to be able to get a good night's sleep. I mentioned it to the front desk during check out and they said that they are planning to install new windows in the hotel to block out the noise.The only other issue was the time we returned to our room to discover that housekeeping neglected to shut the door (luckily, nothing was missing). Aside from the above, the Hotel Vogue was very nice. Our premium room was spacious, the bathroom was huge and very clean. We loved the jacuzzi tub and the TV in the bathroom. The rooms could have been a little sunnier but I guess you can't expect that from a city hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. Our flight was cancelled from NY the night before due to weather and management did not charge us for the late cancellation. We were celebrating a special occasion and they sent us a surprise cake. Very nice touch! The flowers that my husband ordered were also very beautiful. The location is good for a first time visit since it is central to everything. If you are a shopaholic, this is a great location.	
Jul 29 2005	Nice hotel in the downtown area	We stayed in a 7th floor room overlooking the street. It was very noisy on Saturday night. Which included a drunken medley of Bon Jovi songs, sung by a pack of twenty something girls. I can only wonder if they were also wearing acid washed jeans. Sunday through Wednesday it was relatively quite except for an occasional siren. The beds were comfortable and we slept quite well. My wife commented that the room seemed damp, but the town was in a middle of a heat wave, with very high humidity. The room was directly across from the elevators, but we never heard them. Overall the hotel and staff were very accommodating. The location is not very convenient if you are interested in exploring Vieux Montreal.	
Jul 26 2005	Nice hotel during the day  but impossible to sleep at night	The hotel Vogue is really nice, large rooms, superb bathroom almost larger than the room itslef, TV in the bathroom, separate shower, jacuzzi bath . . . Very good location , close to everything that Montreal as to offer. BUT the noise at night is terrible. I think the windows are made of plastic. I was on the 8th floor facing the street and I could clearely hear everything from young drunk kids talking and screaming all night long to police or ambulance cars to trafic jam at 3am-4am! And the hotel across the street has a club on the roof, so live music until 1h30-2am, grrrrr And also I heard all night long the elevators going up and down by the ventilation system, like if a train was passing by. I was moved to another room in the morning facing the back, but that was not more quiet as other reviews said here... I was facing the back alley of the hotel on the 6th floor and garbage trucks was passing by, making so much noise with picking up trash from other buildings around, the hotel parking or another parking entrance was right above the hotel building everytime a car was coming out or in they had to blow the horn. I think I had 3-4 hours of sleeping in 3 nights.I understand it's not a resort in the middle of no where, but I would think that in 2005 , an hotel like the vogue would have soundproof windows!So if you plan not to sleep in beautifull Montreal, stay at the Vogue!! I would love to return, it's a really good hotel with very friendly and professional staff, but why going in a hotel if we canot sleep!?	
Jul 22 2005	Just Wonderful	We stayed at the Vogue July 16 thru 19, and we loved it. It was very clean and the rooms were spacious -- loved the bathroom with the whirlpool tub and modern shower stall. Hubby was impressed with the TV in the bathroom complete with remote control! The staff was knowledgeable and friendly. Maid service was perfect, including turn-down service with chocolates at night. We made our reservation thru Hotwire, and I became a member of Loew's First club by signing up online before our stay. When we checked in, they upgraded us to a deluxe room, gave us our preferred amenities (fruit &amp; water), and we got the USA today in the morning. We shouldn't have gotten those perks with a Hotwire reservation, but they gave it to us anyway.The lobby bar was the perfect place to relax after a day of sightseeing. The windows look out on the street and you can watch the people go by. It was very warm in Montreal while we were there, and we really appreciated the air conditioning in the hotel.The concierge recommended the Europa and the Taj restaurants, both of which were excellent. Europa is right down the street and the food and service were incredible. We did the tasting menu with the wine pairings. It was even better than the Inn at Little Washington in our area. The Taj was an Indian restaurant that was top notch, and they had a tasting type menu called &quot;the feast&quot;. Of course no visit to Montreal is complete without eating breakfast at &quot;Eggspectations&quot; -- its right up the street from the Vogue.I definitely recommend the Vogue, but agree with other reviewers that its best to request a room away from the main street. Our room faced the parking lot, and it was very quiet.	
Jul 19 2005	Lived Up to High Expectations	Based on the many strong reviews on Trip Advisor, I selected the Vogue for my first visit to Montreal. So glad I did, because this is an exceptional property. As others have noted, rooms are sizeable, lovely and clean and the bathrooms are incredible! Staff very polished and professional, but also warm and friendly. The Vogue manages to pull off that difficult combination of sophistication and warmth, so a guest can enjoy elegant surroundings without being subjected to stuffy attitudes.I actually stayed in two different rooms because there was a problem with the shower in the first room I occupied. On discovering the problem, I was quickly and cheerfully moved to another room that was equally nice and in fact a bit larger.As urban hotels go, the Vogue is pretty quiet. However, if you are a light sleeper, ask for a room in the back of the hotel. My first room was in the back, and I never spent a more quiet evening in a city hotel. When I moved, it was to a room in the front and I did notice some increase in street noise, especially on Friday night when late-night revelers were disbursing from the clubs on nearby Crescent Street.The location of the hotel is perfect. Close to great shopping, several museums, many excellent restaurants and a metro stop nearby. The three-day combo pass for museums/metro is a great value at $39 CA and you can purchase it at many locations. Two wonderful restaurants within a short walk of the Vogue are Europeaand L' Autre Season. I had memorable meals at both places. Outstanding advice on restaurants and other questions was provided by a very personable concierge, Louis Phillipe.If you are headed to Montreal, give the Vogue a try! I'm now among the numerous fans of this very lovely hotel.	
Jul 18 2005	Great location nice hotel - but noisy	This is a very nice hotel in an excellent location - - just make sure to ask for a room that does NOT face the street (particularly if you are on a low floor). Montreal nightlife is very active and the street that the hotel faces is an active thoroughfare for two-way traffic and pedestrians. Since the hotel is surrounded by restaurants/clubs - -there is a steady flow of people and honking horns all night long. Do yourself a favor, ask for a room that doesn't face the street (front) of the hotel.Other than that, the hotel was lovely, the people were nice and the location was excellent.	
Jul 12 2005	Great little hotel.	Recently stayed at the Loews based on TripAdvisor reviews and were not dissapointed. We took advantage of a bed and breakfast package that also included parking. Our room was spacious, nicely appointed and clean. We had a canopied queen bed which was elegant and comfortable but we should have chosen an uncanopied king for the extra room. The room had an interior view and only one window so during the day there was not much light. The bathroom was one of the nicest I have seen at any price with marble countertops, jacuzzi, tv, separate shower and very spacious. Robes included. The only downside to this room beside the lack of light was it's proximity to the elevator. When all was quiet you could hear the elevator going up and down although it was only a minor distraction. Joseph, the concierge was fabulous and directed us to some excellent reataurants. The hotel is centrally located to a variety of retail stores, restaurants, and clubs. There was always plenty to do and we were able to walk everywhere even to Old Montreal. The location of the hotel was one of the reasons we chose it and we were not dissapointed. The hotel supplied two computers with unlimited internet access if you did not want to pay for it in your room. For your information they will change your American money into Canadian but not the other way around. Also keep your itemized receipts over $50.00 and you can get a partial tax refund at the border.All in all we thoroughly enjoyed Montreal and the Loews Hotel Vogue which we would recommend to anyone.	
Jul 11 2005	Very nice boutique hotel (with some elevator problems)	This is a lovely hotel. We had a premium room, which was perfect for us (my husband and I were traveling w/ our 16-month-old daughter). There was plenty of room for a crib in the entryway part of the room-- allowed us to watch a movie after our daughter went to bed. The bed was EXTREMELY comfortable, and the bathroom was enormous. Loved that there was a whirlpool tub.Room service breakfast was good, and the concierge suggested a restaurant within walking distance that was good for our family (read: casual and on the slightly noisy side, but with good food). The one problem we encountered was that there was a fire alarm that went off as we prepared to leave. There was an announcement that it was a false alarm, but the elevators did not work for half an hour at least. We were on the 7th floor with a stroller, so just walking downstairs was not a great option. We called the front desk and were told that the elevators would be working in &quot;about a minute&quot;, but that didn't happen; when we asked for help w/ our luggage it took quite a while for anyone to get there. I am not blaming the hotel for the fact that the fire alarm went off and the elevator didn't work-- that's what's supposed to happen when there's an alarm-- but I do wish they could have given us an accurate estimate of how long things would take and that they had sent someone to help us with the bags more quickly. I am still giving it 5 stars because otherwise, it was great (and reasonably priced, too) but I hope they can get their staff a little better at customer service during a problem like this.	
Jul 6 2005	The Absolute Best...	What do you say about a top notch, first class hotel in the best area of Montreal???? Our room was an executive suite which I happen to snag at $233 pn Canadian and was magnificent will a full dining area and a whirlpool tub and 2 bathrooms..my husband naturally got the smaller one!! TV's everywhere, including my bathroom..turn down service with chocolates..who wouldn't love this??? The head concierage, Joseph, was an absolute delight, extremely knowledable, and helpful, as was every one else..Loved the surrounding area with Ogilvy's Dept. Store across the street..kind of like a Neiman Marcus with superior merchandise..great walking area and you won't be sorry staying here and will thank me endlessly if you take this recommendation..enjoy...I will be a returning customer....	
Jul 1 2005	Fantastic Stay	We stayed at the Vogue for 3 nights at the end of June and had a wonderful time. The service was exceptional - we called for ice and a pair of scissors and had both items within 5 minutes. The hotel staff was extremely pleasant and genuinely nice to our two dogs, who were treated as honored guests, greeted by name by the doormen. We only saw one other dog there, a standard poodle.I would have liked to have wifi internet access available in our room, but there was free internet in the business center off the lobby. The room itself was comfortable and spotless (even with two doggies in residence). We walked the city endlessly and were very sore at the end of the day - so the jetted bath with attached tv were a nice way to relax at the end of the day. Location was great, within walking distance to everywhere, including the Vieux Port, although that was a pretty substantial hike, about 30-45 minutes. Part of the route we took was in the Underground City, which was pretty fun to navigate.Only gripes were about Montreal itself: hideously expensive ($12 for a four pack of Smirnoff Ice at the local liquor store), aggressive beggars (one woman assaulted us with a drunken request for money while we were eating in an outdoor cafe), crowded even on a weekday. Made me happy to cross the bridge back to NY.I would definitely stay at another Loews hotel again. Was very impressed by the level of service and quality of the hotel.	
Jun 3 2005	Highly Recommend the Vogue	I am a native Montrealer who has friends stay at the Vogue twice yearly, usually for 10-12 days/trip. They can afford to stay anywhere in the city but choose the Vogue because of the exceptional service and prime location. Hey right across the street from Ogilvy's, who would not be happy? Since they recently had a baby, the hotel was only too happy to provide a crib &amp; basinette. I also believe small pets are welcome. And be sure to check out Francine's wicked martinis in the bar - they rock. There's something to be said when the concierge &amp; doormen all greet you by name &amp; you don't even stay there. Or they wave when you drive by because they recognize you or your car. And on a professional note, my firm holds many corporate events &amp; the Vogue is one of our preferred venues for meetings &amp; accommodating out of town guests. The Vogue may not be the most stylish or trendy hotel in Montreal, but I'd be hard pressed to find a better-located hotel. On de La Montagne (Mountain Street) one block south &amp; one block north of the hotel, there is a restaurant every 5 steps &amp; so many of them are worth checking out (Rosalie, Da Vinci, Katsura to name a few), one block West is Crescent (bars galore, also fine restaurants), shopping across the street at Ogilvy if you like designer names &amp; in prime shopping territory on Ste-Catherine street for shoes, leather/suede, denim &amp; so much more. Also a hop skip &amp; jump away from the Peel or Guy metro stations allowing access to the underground shopping that links the major department stores.For me, the Vogue is 5*+++	
May 30 2005	Top-notch location comfort service etc.	A group of friends and I went to Montreal for a weekend in May, 2005. The leader of the trip arranged a few regular rooms plus a suite at the Loews Vogue. I was a bit nervous about the price, given that there are many less-expensive options in Montreal, and I am typically very budget conscious. But this hotel was worth every penny!It's not a huge hotel, but that translates into very attentive service. Our requests for wine glasses and other random items were met graciously and almost instantaneously. The concierge was able to help with driving directions, dinner reservations, and airport transportation. The maid service was superb. They never disturbed any of us, they were careful not to throw away anything we might not intend to throw away, and one night we returned to the suite to find they had even replenished our ice buckets and replaced our white wines exactly as we left them! As other reviews have noted, the beds are also extremely comfy, the bathrooms are spacious and immaculate, and the location is perfect.When we came down to check out on our last morning, we found the lobby clogged with a busload of new arrivals. Yet the concierge spotted us and ushered us over to his desk to check us out as the main desk dealt with the mammoth group.I wouldn't hesitate for a second to return to this hotel.	
Apr 30 2005	A native Montreal chimes in	Stayed at Loews Hotel Vogue for three nights in April. I am a native Montrealer who has been living in the US for 16 years. I travel frequently to Montreal to visit family and friends. Although I have stayed in many of the five-star properties in Montreal such as the Ritz Carlton, Sofitel, Omni, and Hotel Le Germain, I have always preferred the Vogue. Why? It’s small, well located, has spacious rooms with comfortable beds and large bathrooms with Jacuzzi tubs. Prices are also usually reasonable (check internet for deals, and also check for the AAA rates). Since I also enjoy taking a bath each evening, I like the fact that each bathroom has its own TV. Service is probably the one thing that is not consistent. Room service is quick and when you order toasted bread, it arrives warm instead of cold and hard. Defintiely treat yourself to as many Montreal bagels as you can…they’re the best and have a unique flavor. Be advised that the hotel scene in Montreal is in transition at this point. Ten years ago, there were only a handful of five-star hotels. Now there are a bunch of boutique-style hotels that opened in Old Montreal as well as on the Eastern border of central downtown (e.g., Hotel Godin, Hotel Gault, W Hotel, St. James, Hotel St. Paul). The problem for me with those hotels is their location. Although they are located in nice areas of Montreal, they are not centrally located to the central area of downtown where most of the shopping is. On the other hand, nothing beats Old Montreal in the summer. Words of warning: Ritz Carlton has beautiful public spaces, but rooms are not up to Ritz standards. The Omni used to be a Four Seasons and the rooms still have the same scratched and tattered furnishings form when Four Seasons gave it up back in the 80’s. Rooms were also not well cleaned. Le Germain is a great property and I highly recommend it. The only thing is that their prices usually run about $50 more a night then the Vogue. Enjoy this beautiful city!	
Apr 23 2005	Perfect location and place	Stayed at the Loews in March after a busy business trip.I wanted to have a nice place to rest and to visit some friends living in Montreal. Location is great, no need to have a car. My room was quite spacious and, most important, clean and quiet. Staff was helpful, polite and friendly. The internet free connection at the lobby is very good to check email time to time.The bar is small but warm, if you are looking for a busy bar with people to talk to... Just forget it. The food at the restaurant is nice but not exceptional, there is a menu for lunch and one for diner.My only negative point is about a wrong surcharge of a small amount of CAN$, they got this small amount of money from my credit card after my check out. The so called charge was a drink took at the bar... How strange... At the same hour I was in my plane... I was quite surprise but I didn't complained it, if I call them or send a letter, it will probably cost the same amount of money after a while.Except this mistake, my stay was very comfortable and pleasant.	
Apr 20 2005	Wonderful Hotel!	My mom and I just got back from Montreal yesterday and I'd like to report that we had a very nice time. Loews Hotel was everything I'd hoped it would be: centrally located, full of helpful, knowledgeable staff, clean. I booked this last minute trip through site59 and had requested a double bed room. When we arrived, we found that we had a king sized bed room. The woman at the front desk informed me that unfortunately they had no more double room available that night but would change us to a proper room the following day. Apparently &quot;internet bookings&quot; (3rd party bookings) don't always thoroughly communicate everything you request to the hotel. For the first night, they brought in a rollaway bed and it was fine, no big deal. They had the correct room ready for us first thing in the morning. Can I just say that the bathrooms were fabulous! They were large, had a separate whirlpool tub, separate shower, everything was in marble. I can understand if one stays in a deluxe room costing an arm and a leg each night one might expect this but these where their regular rooms (and we saw two rooms both of which had the great bathrooms). Mind you, most of us don't plan on spending our vacations in the bathroom but it sure was a plus!The location was perfect. We were just a few blocks from a metro station, tons of shopping was all around us. We were within easy walking distance to the Musee des Beaux-Arts (great temporary Egyptian exhibit by the way). The lady at the concierge desk was also very helpful in our planning of a day trip to Quebec City.We would certainly stay there again!	
Apr 10 2005 	Hotel Vogue just gets BETTER and BETTER!	I travel frequently to Montreal on business and am not the type of person to stay at only one hotel. Well, it's getting hard NOT to pick Hotel Vogue and ONLY Hotel Vogue for Montreal stays.It's an elegant hotel without being snooty about it. The emphasis is on comfort and privacy.There really are no downsides to the hotel though, I admit, I have never parked my car here (I usally fly in and take taxis around the city). So, I can't attest, one way or the other, to the state on on-site parking.The gym is good, the small bar is nice (though it gets smoky quite quickly), the food is good and the service - well, the service is what you would expect from a Loews Hotel.Prices fluctuate here, seemingly dependent upon season and the hotel's caprice. Check the Loews website frequently. Usually, I'll end up booking somewhere else, then fining a nice deal here the week of my arrival.So, this place is a can't miss. It's not among my favourite hotels in the world, but it is, to me, among the tope here in my native Canada.	
Apr 8 2005	Great Stay at the Loews	I stayed at the Loews Montreal after a week skiing at Mont Tremblant. It was myself and 3 children. I had a one bedroom suite which had a bedroom with a king bed and a connected living room with a queen sofa bed and a huge dining room table. The master bath had a beautiful marble jacuzzi tub for two and a TV but no shower. The bathroom that was in the living room had a shower only. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Great linens and comforter. The kids were very comfortable on the sofa bed and we got a roll-a-way for the third. It was like a regular bed, not some cheap fold up job. The location is great as the other reviews state. The staff could not have been nicer. They sent up cards for a free movie or video game rental for each of the kids and there was a bottle of Canadian ice wine (in an ice bucket) waiting for me. The concierge was very helpful with directions and recommending kid friendly place to eat. When we were leaving and the valet brought up my car there was a bag with 4 bottles of water and 4 apples. A nice touch I thought.I have stayed in high end hotels and resorts all over the world. I would say that the room was as nice as anyplace I have stayed and the staff and the extras made this one of the most enjoyable places I have ever stayed.I would highly recommend this hotel and I will definately stay there again.	
Mar 27 2005	Luxurious Room 	If you're looking for a great place to stay in the heart of Montreal, THIS IS IT!! It is centrally located on the intersection of St.Catherines and Montagne flooded with restaurants, bars, clubs, stri clubs, stores and boutiques (ranging from desginer names to dollar stores.) If you're seeking the Night Life, the street parallel (Cresent) to the hotel are lined up with bars and clubs that off, er extensive happy hour.Check In: We arrived at the hotel and the Valet Service took our car. We were able to check in 2 hours early with no extra charge. B e aware that parking costs 30/night without tip and tax. There were no lines in the lobby area and the concierge was extremely friendly. The security is a bit strict though. To ride the elevator you have to use your room key and you can only access the floor in which your room is on. You also need the room key to acccess different hallways to get to your room.Room: The room was beautiful. Big enough for 2 people. The closet was huge and the lighted vanity mirror was an excellent touch. I couldnt stay out of the jetted tub for two especially when there was a tv in the bathroom. The bed has very soft and luxurious linens, I felt like i was sleeping on clouds. Unlike other reviews I have read, there were no loud noises heard from outside. The street was very quiet. Maybe it is because Spring Break was over. The lounge: Very NICe but expensive. The bartender was very friendly. We got free biscuits and cheese with our martinis that cost 33.00 for two apple martinis.Overall, the hotel was extremely nice for the rice, (we paid about 126 US through expedia) but the extra services did cost a lot more!	
Mar 3 2005	Best I've found so far...	I stayed at the Loews Hotel Vogue at the end of February 05, and found the hotel to be best so far. I've stayed at the Hotel Nelligan and Hotel St. Paul and found everything about the Vogue to be better. I had a junior suite, which had two full bathrooms and room was spacious. The beds here are great. Room service arrived in less than 30 minutes. There can be a problem with street noise from the club crowd, but since it was winter that really wasn't that noisy. I was never awaken from it. Resturant food was very good, but a little pricey, but for the downtown location that's to be expected. If you like the Loews, look into their Loews Reward program.	
Mar 2 2005	Could have been better..alot better!!	I recently stayed at the Loews...I thought it would be convenient because it was downtown..it was convenient but the noise was annoying...being in the heart of downtown has it disadvantages!! Every morning..honk,honk,honk..this is supposed to be our vacation!! Service was good..a lack of helpful ideas..not strong concierge services..room was nice and spacious..but was like all the big name hotels!! It was alright but next time maybe its time to try Montreal's boutique hotels. Would I recommend the Loews..probably not.	
Feb 28 2005 	Fun week-end at the Vogue	Stayed Saturday night ( last week-end of February ) Got a suite for a romantic night in Montreal, service was very friendly, bathroom is much bigger then the norm, separate shower , tub &amp; TV.Great lobby, fun small bar. Had bottled water &amp; apples in our car for the ride back home. Very pleasant time at the Vogue.	
Feb 24 2005	friendly beautiful romantic	i can honestly not find a single thing to complain about. the lobby is too small? not grandiose enough? that's about it, and that absolutely doesn't matter. everything went perfectly. the location is great, right between maisonneuve and st. catharines. the front desk staff were extremely friendly and accommodating.the room was absolutely gorgeous. beautiful bed (we didn't have a canopy, but next time i'd love to) with the softest down comforter and great pillows. the bathroom was lovely, with the jacuzzi tub (big enough for two people, but not exactly comfortable for two because of the faucet) and separate shower.i paid $199 CAD a night, which included valet parking and breakfast for 2, which we had delivered via room service. i thought it was pretty reasonable, considering i made the reservation 2 nights before the stay on the hotel site and not on a discount site.the staff were all incredibly friendly and professional, from the valet parker to the guy that brought us ice. if you consider what you'd pay to stay at the sheraton or the delta, i think this is a much better value for your money. probably an average of $20 more, but well worth it.	
Jan 18 2005	Awesome bed Great Hospitality	Just stayed here this past weekend. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. I would stay here again or at any other loewes hotel. The hotel vogue is charming and in a great location. The staff is all about great service. The concierge was most helpful Mr. Louis Phillipe Talbot made reservations for us at a fabulous restaurant, gave us driving directions and tips about the city and recommendations for the nightlife. Everyone that works here is friendly and hospitable but best of all was the bed. we stayed in a room with a queen canopy bed. This is one of the most comfortable beds i have ever slept in as well the duvet and linens were awesome. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. A++++++Oh while we were there we did look at a couple of the hotels that were options for us hotel st. james, xixe sielce and the place d'arms and i am glad that we chose the loewes i felt that we got what we paid for and more.	
Jan 10 2005	Our Favorite Montreal Get-away!	We just spent a wonderful weekend at Loews Hotel Vogue. The room was lovely and the staff friendly, professional and very helpful. Service really counts in this hotel! The location is great too -- easy walking distance to shopping and restaurants.	
Nov 30 2004	Would stay again in a heartbeat!	Just returned from a 4-night stay at the Loews Hotel Vogue. I was visiting Montreal for medical reasons and was therefore not able to do much sightseeing but appreciated the central location of the hotel. The spacious non-smoking room on the 7th floor provided a great environment for convalescing. Comfortable bed, beautiful linens. The bathroom was gigantic and about 4x bigger than the one in a Quebec City hotel I stayed at later in the week. Lighted makeup mirror, jacuzzi, TV near tub, separate shower...room done in marble.I got a rate of $152.19 CA by booking the room on the hotel's web site, and I'm looking forward to staying here again for my follow-up visits. The staff was wonderful.	
Nov 15 2004	Expensive.... but worth every penny	I can only say this - WOW. This hotel blew me away and I am VERY picky. I can find absolutely nothing wrong with this place. It's top notch all around. I will certainly say the room is the most beautiful I've stayed in - and the TV in the bathroom was such a unique touch! Just LOVED this hotel. No wonder it's the hotel of choice for visiting celebs like Brad Pitt.One downside - parking. It's valet parking ONLY and it runs you $30 a day (plus a tip everytime you have someoen fetch your car). You can find lots in the area at about $15 a day. It's a real drag - but not unusual for a downtown hotel.	
Nov 7 2004	Lovely hotel in a beautiful city	This is in a perfect location in central Montreal (a lot of other hotels are nearby too though). I had an executive suite. Two entrances, a kitchenette area, dining room area, living room, two desk workstations, two bathrooms (one with a shower, one with a jacuzzi and small color TV), two closets, a vanity area and the bedroom. The bed was superb. I had three-courses of room service, which was very good, although my main dish (a pizza) was a bit oily, dessert was great. The workout room was better than average (several machines, all of which work...which seems to never be the case at hotels...). Staff was very friendly. My only complaint is that I didn't have a view - I look out the back of the hotel at an alley and backs of other buildings.Other reviews mentioned that it was noisy. I was woken up at 3am by some drunks yelling in French. But this is a city, noise happens in cities and I'm fine with it - was not a big deal to me.The only thing I would consider knocking down the rating for would be the view, but I have stayed in several hotels in Montreal and none of them have had views except for the Hilton - and the Hilton was just gross in the room...I'd rather have no view and luxury.	
Oct 28 2004	Very comfortable	I got a great rate of $179.00 Canadian (US145.00) through Destina for one night. The room was large with a fourposter bed,a dressing area and a big cosy bathroom with jacuzzi and seperate shower stall. Free newspaper and bedside chocolates are included too. Hotel is classy and ideally situated in the middle of everything. I had breakfast in the lovely dining room and it was reasonable at 18.50 Canadian including tax and tip for an excellent full American breakfast with unlimited delicious cups of coffee. Staff are charming and very professional to top off what was for me a perfect stay. Value and quality cannot be beat.	
Sep 27 2004	Nice stay	I had a nice stay at the Vogue. The room was very large - about 350 sq. ft. and well decorated. The bathroom was about 50%+ larger than most hotel bathrooms for this class.9 foot high ceilings in the room.The only minor points I would note are that the carpet had a couple of stains near the minibar and was getting a bit worn, the mattress was not pillow top(which I prefer), and most rooms do not have much of a view. On Staturday nights you can hear cars outside (from the front rooms) until quite late. Would stay here again.	
Sep 1 2004	Loews Vogue was tops	With a great deal from Travelocity, we decided to visit our neighbor to the north, Montreal Canada. We chose the Loews Vogue, as it was priced below market for an excursion that also included round trip air transportation. From the effortless check-in to checkout, this hotel was just perfect. It is a half block from the main shopping street in Montreal, and very convenient to many fine local restaurants. Our room was certainly deluxe with a king bed and fine cotton linens and down pillows. The all marble bathroom had a teriffic jacquzi as well as a stall shower. The hotel service could not have been more efficient or cordial. Fitness room had a full compliment of machines to help us work off the fine dining to be had in the city. A great, close (less than one hour from LGA) city with an excellent hotel to enjoy it from.	
Aug 25 2004	Very Very Classy	Hotel Vogue is a very classy hotel. We are Loews Gold Members so we got a great upgrade without a request. The room was HUGE, dining room, kitchen, 2 bathrooms, 2 entrances! Very comfortable bed. Employees are friendly and the location is perfect. This hotel has true class! It is not a hotel that tries too hard to be a nice hotel like some others with gaudy decor..etc.Very Nice!	
Aug 21 2004	Not what I expected......	I was recommmended to your hotel by some well-traveled friends. They stayed there about seven years ago. I admit the location is is good, but I felt that the hotel was tired. I feel that the rooms need to be updated with new carpet and a fresh coat of paint. The hotel has great potential, but it needs to be updated. Not what I expected...	
Aug 5 2004	Perfect for First timers to Montreal!!	Let me start by saying that the Loews Vogue was a great location, not only for first timers , but return trips to Montreal , as well. Its perfectly located -easy access to the many areas of Montreal that one would want to explore. The hotel rooms are fabulous-very luxurious and comfortable. The bathroom alone is a reason to stay. Huge double person marble tub with tv and separate stall shower. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The only criticism i would say is be sure to do your homework ahead of time of places you want to eat, because i found the concierge to be very general in their recommendations and i didn't get the impression that they had actually experienced many of the places themselves. It almost felt like they were reading from the same descriptions that i was in the travel guides. If you are looking for hip and higher end restaurants, there are many in the Old Montreal area(the Saint Laurent blvd section is considered the &quot;hip&quot; and trendy section, though we found it to be more &quot;fake hip&quot; and the actually good restaurants are in Old Montreal. )There is a fabulous vietnamese restaurant in Chinatown called Pho Bang New York . Its a great city and staying at the Loews Vogue will make going back to your room after a day of sightseeing , something to look forward to.	
May 11 2004	They made a resevation mistake...	I have stayed at both the Ritz-Carlton and Hotel St. Paul in Montreal, and the Lowes beats them both. A group of us (8 guys, 4 rooms) went up for a long weekend in May. Upon arriving they had us down for single (king) rooms instead of doubles, even thought I had called to confirm 3 times (including that day). However, the from desk staff was VERY nice and checked into the correct rooms with-in 10 minutes. The hotel is amzing, the lobby is nothing to look at but the rooms and location make up for it. Upon entering the room I could not believe it, nicely decorated, HUGE bathrooms with a TV next to the whirlpool tub! The bedding was also the softest and most comfortable I've ever slept in (I always stay at 4 + star hotels). The location could not have been better, one block from both St Catherine &amp; Cresent streets. The hotel also seems to be very pet friendly (dog treats in our minibar).I have never written about a hotel on any of these sites, I was so pleased with my experience here that I had to take the time to write this review. I stayed in a &quot;standard&quot; room and paid $169 US/night.	
May 3 2004	Best in Montreal	I wouldn't call it a Boutique hotel...it's too classic. But it's a really great hotel: Huge bedroom and bathroom, nicely decorated. The service is also great (&quot;the invisible housekeepers&quot;). The location it's perfect as well. Don't look any further...this is the place to stay in Montreal. And it's not that expensive...so it's a good chance to experience a very nice hotel for a fair price.	
Apr 14 2004	Perfect except....	Stayed at the Loews Hotel Vogue April 9-11th with my boyfriend for a romatic getaway weekend and it was a great experience. As other reviewers have written the rooms are well appointed, the bedding is wonderful and the bathroom huge. We asked for a quite room and it was (though the view of the parking lot left something to be desired - which would be my only &quot;quasi-complaint&quot;). The people at the front desk were polite, helpful and friendly. The location was excellent (make sure you go to Cora's for breakfast a couple of streets over). We ended up going to dinner one night at &quot;Ristorante Bis&quot; just down the street at 1229 rue de la Montagne on recommendation of the Concierge. The dinning experience ruined our weekend. By accident the waiter spilt red wine all over my boyfriend's clothes, including a sweater he had just purchased in England. The waiter was very apologetic but the manager/owner was extremenely rude to us when we suggested that the dinner be on the house to cover the damages of the ruined clothing (which would have been less than paying for a new sweater). There is NEVER an appropriate occassion to verbally abuse a customer. We are still in the process of sorting out with the restuarant payment for the ruined sweater (as the stains did not come out even after dry cleaning). Even if they do pay, the manner in which we were treated was inexcusable and unacceptable. I ended up in tears that night when I should have been having a romantic evening. So if you are planning to stay in Montreal I highly recommend the Hotel Vogue but stay clear away from Ristorante Bis.	
Apr 11 2004	Nice but noisy	The hotel and the room are beautiful, but the bar crowd on the street outside on the weekends can be rather noisy.	
Feb 27 2004	I could live in the bath tub at the vogue hotel	I read the reviews submitted to you about the vogue hotel in montreal. most of the reviewers gave this hotel an excellent review, and i am here to add my name to the list. this is a small boutique hotel with a fabulous location. i requested that no scented cleaning products be used, no scents in the room, and a quiet room away from the elevators...i didn't have to ask twice! the room was beautiful,and the bathtub was amazing....huge! the linens were exquisite, the room was well appointed and incredibly clean. the room service was wonderful...unfortunately, this hotel has no concierge, and the staff did not &quot;step up to the plate&quot;....overall it was a beautiful, well located, incredibly clean hotel...i would definitely recommend it ...thought it was better than the 4 seasons:)	
Feb 25 2004	A gem!	The Vogue is one of my favourite hotels in Montreal. The location is ideal. The bathrooms are fabulously luxurious! We've stayed there twice, and the staff was always very helpful. The atmosphere is very relaxed. Room service is very good. The rooms are a very good size. The beds and bedding are amazing. My boyfriend found the pillow too hard, but apparently you can order softer ones. We also had a humidifier brought up to our room and needle and thread. The first time we went we paid CDN $159 per night and the second time was even less because we paid in advance. You can't get a better deal in Montreal for the quality.	
Feb 23 2004	Awesome Pillows and Duvet......		
Dec 5 2003	First timers to Montreal look no further		
Sep 8 2003	Superb Service		
Sep 8 2003	Montreal Lowes Hotel Vogue		
Jun 9 2003	Best Hotel I've Stayed In		
Apr 1 2003	It's worth the $$		
Feb 16 2003	Best Downtown Rooms in the city		
Dec 17 2002	Wonderful boutique hotel		
Sep 30 2002	Simply Superb		
Sep 29 2002	Very Romantic		
Mar 20 2009 	5 Étoiles... Qui peut dire mieux !		
Nov 3 2008 	Merveileux!		
Sep 11 2007 	Tres bonne adresse		
