Nov 3 2009 	Trendy nice hotel in great area of Montreal	This hotel was trendy but had very good service. The rooms were nice, very confortable beds and bathrooms. Within walking distance to restaurants and bars. The hotel restaurant was very good.	
Oct 11 2009 	Pretentious	The hotel room has very modern furnishings that it is bordering on being uncomfortable. The lighting in the room is insufficient unless you prefer your rooms to be in the barely-lit category. There is one &quot;desk chair&quot; that is as comfortable as a molded plastic chair and the &quot;comfy chair&quot; doesn't have much padding on it either. We had coffee on the 2 days that we were there and they replenished the coffee without replenishing the sugar. I don't know if it was missed but since the containers were side by side you would think that they would replenish that when they did the coffee. Thank goodness I take my coffee black because they don't provide creamer either. The hotel is bordered on one side by a street that is inhabited by drunks and substance abusers. Be careful when walking on Rue St-Laurent because people will accost you for change and there are men who urinate on the sides of the buildings so be careful of those wet puddles, they might not be water. I will recommend this hotel only if you like rooms that have gray concrete ceilings, dark brown furniture, dark blue walls, dark gray carpet, brown window shades and low lighting. I'm glad the bedding was white or I would have never found the bed.	
Oct 10 2009 	Top-Notch Service	What stands out most about the Opus is the professional and courteous service--from the doormen to the cleaning staff, to the front desk. The room was cleaned twice daily, and the front desk personnel made dinner reservations and handled taxi cabs. The rooms were certainly nice, but not exceptional. The adjoining bar was convenient and classy.	
Oct 6 2009 	Chic Hot Spot with exceptional service at a down to earth price	Perfect location withing walking distance of Saint Catherine for shopping, Notre Dame for Old Montreal, Cresent for Dining, Saint Laurent for night life, This hotel Has it all! Great restaraunt, club inside, and service to boot. Everyone was friendly and cutious. It wa also a Aniversary for my wife and I and the upon entering our room, the turn down service had left a bottle of Champaign. We Will be staying there again!	
Oct 4 2009 	think twice!	I have never written a negative review for a hotel, this is my first. Hotel room is too dark, I guess they were trying to go with their modern style of decor. Although I like how the bathroom is set up, however it doesnt have enough space/hooks/bars to hang or put your things on, again this could be due to their decor style. After a long day of travel or sightseeing, you want to be in a room that is comfortable and cozy. Opus Montreal is not.Also, location is not recommended if you are just a tourist.One good point: free wifi access at the lobby	
Sep 30 2009 	Amazing service stylish cool chic comfortable friendly great location	My stay at the Opus was fantastic. I had high expectations for service style and comfort and I am happy to say that all expectations were surpassed. The location is in walking distance of all that is a must see in Montreal. You don't have to walk to far though for an amazing dining out experience as the hotels restaurant and cocktail lounge &quot;KOKO'S&quot; offers an exciting culinary experience and serves up some real tasty and unique beverages. Certainly the place to see and be seen..very cool!	
Sep 27 2009 	Comfortable beds - too bad I couldn't sleep	I wish I had read some of these reviews before deciding to stay at the Opus Hotel in Montreal. The hotel itself was very nice, comfortable, and the valet staff was great. However, the nightclub kept us awake until 3am with the thumping, and the front desk gave me directions that had me driving down a one way street the wrong way. Needless to say, I would NEVER stay at this hotel again, which is too bad because it has such great potential.	
Sep 26 2009 	Good hotel if you don't intend on sleeping	Trendy spot has great beds and good service. Unfortunately it also doubles as a nightclub which blared music right below our room from midnight until 3am, two nights in a row. Two other guests we talked to complained of the same thing. The management at this hotel need to decide if they want to be a nightclub or a hotel.	
Sep 23 2009 	The valet damaged the transmission in my car.	Nothing too remarkable about the hotel itself. It's on St-Laurent so if that's near where you plan to go out the location is nice. Room rates are far above average for Montreal so it is no bargain, especially if you consider the hidden risks. On check-in they gave me the wrong type of room. The front desk fixed the problem by bringing up keys to the correct type of room but mumbled something about it somehow being my fault. I don't understand the purpose of their comment. What difference does it make? It was no problem at all until they made a fuss.Room was fine but construction noise started early in the morning (08:30) in the courtyard. After checking out the valet brought my car around and we drove off. I realized pretty quickly that the valet had done serious damage to my transmission. I had no reverse gear. This was a problem that could have been easily solved if the hotel covered the modest cost of the repair but instead they quite obviously (and quite embarrassingly! Poor front line staff!) avoided my calls for 2 weeks until I gave up. I guess they must be running out of money.	
Sep 19 2009 	2nd visit and Opus does it again! Amazing!	We just had to return to this hotel during our recent tour on the East side of N. America. Everything is well thought out. It's a great place for young and &quot;in&quot; travelers or anyone that appreciates a contemporary hotel.Great restaurant called Koko with beautiful decor. Great staff all well dressed and groomed.Top 3 most comfortable beds I have ever slept in!Just keep in mind that this is a place that is known for it's nightlife... there will be noise. Embrace it!!!	
Sep 18 2009 	Excellent service and experience!	We had such a positive experience with all the staff at the Opus. We were a comedy of errors as we had messed up our reservation on line and then our car broke down. Every one was extremely helpful as we were &quot;Chaos&quot;. We loved the Koko's restaurant on Saturday night - incredible food and attention to detail. My husband and I brought our bikes and loved all the extensive bike routes through the city. Coming from a different time zone - we were able to sleep in and not hear any noise from other rooms or in the halls.The bed is comfortable and the room is stylish and functional - very European. The area hosts excellent restaurants -all in walking distance. We totally enjoyed it.	
Aug 31 2009 	Passe chic average value and at boundary of stylish neighbourhood	An average chic hotel, designed by the same mindless people as those who built similar style hotels in Taipei, Paris, Hong Kong, Bangkok, etc. Lack of lighting, dark walls and floors, noisy ventilation, leaking glass shower stalls, funky accessories from Pier 1... except this one is very spacious and bright.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great Spot But With Some Notes	Just returned from a weekend stay at the Opus Montreal and overall it was a very good experience. It is a boutique style hotel and is very hip and can be loud but if you go expecting that than you will be happy with the stay. The place is very well situated in a great area for shops and food (go up St. Laurent to find all kinds of great spots).The only issue I have is that compared to the Vancouver Opus, I found Montreal to be less accomodating. In Van, the staff went out of their way to serve our every need and it seemed that &quot;no&quot; was not in their vocabulary. In Montreal I found the staff were not at all like that. Early check in...no. Late check out....no....In Vancouver I asked in the lounge/lobby if there was a place where I could get coffee and tea and I was told to sit down and they would bring it. In Montreal, a waive toward the corner 'theres a coffee machine over there'Just the subtle differences in the quality of service but regardless, Opus Montreal was still a great place to stay.	
Aug 10 2009 	Vapid like Paris Hilton (not the hotel - the personality)	If Style is important to you and substance is not - than this is your hotel. We stayed at this hotel during the Montreal Jazz Festival. The location is great - and the hotel looks great. What is missing is the ability to sleep. There is a THUMPING NIGHT CLUB right below you. We asked for a room far enough away so that we would not hear the club - they put us on the 4th floor. It did not work. The ear plugs they provide do not help - the bed, floor and room vibrate. People were talking loudly from 3-5am - and even were screaming at some points during the night. I told the front desk in the morning that it was one of the worst nights sleep that I ever had - and the response was (oh Yeah the night club is pretty loud on weekends)... not even a &quot;we are sorry&quot;. I said that I was going to write a scathing review on TripAdvisor and other webpages - and I just got awful stares - with no words at all. What a disappointment and complete waste of money. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!	
Aug 10 2009 	Awsome hotel.	I travel to montreal about once a mth for the last 20 years, staying in hotels for the last 8. I would have to say of all the hotels in the city I have stayed at, the OPUS ranks up there. The valets were EXCELLENT, the atmosphere was trendy, and the front desk very helpful. Located in the heart of St Laurent St, the was a quick walk and ride to many places. The room rates were respectable, and to top it off, when you turn on the TV it has your name on the screen! Rooms were clean, quite and very nice, whom ever said there was a noise issue, or room service was always knocking when you didnt ask them were wrong, I had my DO NOT DISTURB sign, and wasnt disturbed till about 3pm, and i politly asked front desk that i am out of the room, may i get service,and boom by 4pm when i was back, room was clean, and they even found my partners earings from the night before. HIGHLY recomend this hotel, small, trendy, good looking patrons, and being 28, just the right atmosphere for me!	
Aug 9 2009 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else!	Great staff, ideal location, and perfect vibe. Having lived in Montreal, it is amazing to stay in a hotel, be able to walk out the front door and be minutes (walk, metro or taxi) from &quot;all that's happening&quot; in the city. The staff recommended great places, Koko was a blast and the rooms (we stayed twice..) were very comfortable, one with a courtyard view, the other with a stunning city view.Special requests (more ice, glasses, towels, re-booting the TV/internet which I broke, extra umbrella and a hotel car ride to the train station, etc) were accomodated exceedingly well. Even the fitness room was a pleasant surprise (we typically find hotel gyms useless - this one worked for us)We'll be back - and would not stay elsewhere in Montreal!	
Aug 4 2009	Great place to stay at.	The room was beautiful, hotel was very cozy and comfortable and the service was excellent.	
Jul 29 2009 	Opus hits it right on all your business and leisure needs	I have stayed at Opus several times for both business and pleasure. From the moment you drive up to the door, you can tell that this is a first class establishment.From the valet to the front desk, you get the feeling right away that the staff has had a higher level of training that most.The rooms are sophisticated with a modern feel without going overboard.Koko Restaurant is amazing. the food is exquisite and portions are generous. I highly recommend staying around until the party gets started usually around 11:00 ish. The place turns in to a club / lounge with Montreal's best looking people. And the terrace has to be Montreal's best. If you know anything about Montreal, you know that Montrealers live for terraces.I recommend Opus without hesitation.	
Jul 28 2009 	Opus is my favorite hotel in Montreal.	The Opus Hotel is the perfect place to say if you are traveling to Montreal. It has wonderful rooms, a great restaurant, friendly staff and is very lively for those of you who are looking for something to do after dinner. Not to mention it's great location in relation to all of the best shops, restaurants and culture in the city.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great service and location!	Pros:We stayed for an entire week in July in a Privilege King room. From reading other reviews, we requested a room on the 5th floor and had absolutely NO problem with noise/vibrations from the bar.The service for our room was great. Our bed was made daily, the radio was turned on to a classical station to welcome us whenever we arrived at night, all bathroom products were promptly replaced even before they were half-done and the &quot;refill boy&quot; came by a number of times to ask if our coffee machine needed refills. Even if we left with the Do Not Disturb sign on, the cleaning lady always made sure to ask us if we needed extra towels, etc. when we ran into her. The front desk was also very helpful, and it seemed that there was always someone opening the front door regardless of the time of night (or morning) we came in.By far the greatest PRO would be the great location: On St. Laurent with the trendiest restaurants and boutiques; a walk away from St. Catherine and Crescent Street for shopping and more restaurants; a metro station a couple of blocks down. Overall, everything I wanted to see/do was close to Opus and we rarely took a taxi or public transportation.Cons: The only complaint I have about the room was that it was TOO DARK during the night, with no ceiling lights since their ceilings are made of concrete. Even with two lamps, two bedside table lamps, and a mirror light on, the room was very dark, making it hard to get ready, put on makeup, etc. In retrospect, I am almost certain if I asked for another tall lamp they would have provided it.Also, don't order the breakfast from the hotel. It is extremely overpriced! A simple breakfast with juice will cost one person $22. However, if you walk north of Sherbrooke on St. Laurent you will find a restaurant called Cafeteria that will serve more than what Opus offers for less than $9. To me, Koko was also overpriced; you are paying for the ambience and not the amount of food on your plate. The service was not exceptional here either; expo brought out our food assuming our appetizer plates had been cleared (since they sat empty for 20 minutes) and we also waited a long time for our refills. Go there for drinks - not for dinner.Despite these cons, I would 100% stay at Opus again. The service was exceptional and the location was great! If you are interested in coming when the Jazz Festival or Just for Laughs is on , this is a prime location.	
Jul 23 2009 	SPECTACULAR - EXCITING - ROMANTIC - COZY - AMAZING!!!	As guests at the OPUS HOTEL MONTREAL in May 2009, for a very special occasion, we both felt very welcome and given all the attention a King &amp; Queen expect plus more. We felt totally relaxed and comfortable. We want to thank both management and staff for a wonderful and memorable stay.Until our next visitDoreen &amp; Louis Schlomowitz	
Jul 12 2009 	Awesome summer getaway	This hotel is conveniently located off St Laurent Blvd which is packed with Montreal's top restaurants &amp; nightclubs. We literally walked out the door and into the heart of the action. It would highly recommend the Opus Hotel in Montreal!	
Jul 6 2009 	For inexperienced wealthy travelers only - others go elsewhere	1- Strict check-in timing 3:00 pm and not a minute earlier - nowhere to freshen up meanwhile; staff was not accomodating at all, especially with our 3 year-old. 2- Our main suitcase was missing from the luggage brought to our room - had to convince them we were missing a suitcase and then wait for them to find it 3- staff instructed to knock insistently on suite door even if &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign is hanging on door knob, in order to check the mini-bar.... employee was litterally banging on the door until we opened it and was not about to apologize! 4- breakfast at Holiday Inn is better than what Opus served, even the bagels were old! 5- $30CDN/per day for valet parking is more than any other Montreal hotel. 6- weekend bar/lounge music made hallway frames shake - room was quiet though 7- cleaning was average, although we had asked for new towels, our old ones were put back on the rack and the staff did not provide coffee after the first day. We have traveled extensively throughout the world with and without children and this hotel is among the worst &quot;luxury&quot; hotels we have ever stayed at. Needless to say, Montreal has a lot more and better luxury hotels and we will be more than happy to explore them next time. We go there twice a year at least and will not soon forget this $400CDN+/night nightmare!	
Jul 5 2009 	What a great experience	The Opus Montreal was truly a refreshing change from the large hotel chains I stay at for business. From the time the cab drops one odf, the experience begins- One enters this inviting interesting lobby, one is greeted with a welcoming smile at receptions. the room are faulous and have a modern yet relaxing feels about them.Suko is a very social bar. Dinner at KOKO is a must-fabulous food and fabulous decor-WOWif you are in a quandry as to where to go for dinner just ask Patrick-his recommendations were all great-Thanks!All in all a fantastic experienceWE WILL BE BACK	
Jun 8 2009 	All show--don't go	Like many other reviewers, we too were kept awake until the wee hours by an entirely unacceptable level of noise. Functions until 3am, then people talking loudly in the halls until 5--beyond the pale. We got the &quot;Oh, didn't they tell you&quot; runaround when we talked to the front desk the first morning after, and got parking and room service comped, but that hardly makes up for the one, primary, non-negotiable service a hotel must provide: a good night's sleep!Service was so-so outside of that. Room service was unimpressive. The price for room was fair; other prices less so.Overall, had the impression of what a hotel run by Apple computer (or Steve Jobs) would be like: pretty to look at, entirely (and overly) trendy, but short on delivery.If you must go, be SURE you are not on the side of the hotel facing the bar/function courtyard.	
May 27 2009 	48 hours without any sleep!	Every room on our side of the hotel was over their night club, which had events both Saturday and Sunday night that lasted until after 3 a.m. in the morning. The ear plugs next to the bed did nothing to help with the fact that the room was vibrating. It was truly horrendous. The hotel itself is very nice, but for the price I'd expect to be able to get some sleep. Never again.	
May 7 2009 	perfect location from all the attractions.	We recently had a guys weekend in Montreal and stayed at the Opus hotel. This was a perfect locale / setting for the weekend. The hotel itself is located at sherbrooke and stlaurent, which are the two prime streets in montreal, intersecting - Within a short walk in any direction is incredible nightlife, restaurants and shopping. The hotel has a sleek, chic boutique feel with very friendly, non-pretentious staff. The rooms are very tastefully decorated. On the main floor with special access for guests is Koko restaurant which turns into a very happening nightspot post dinner. I travel frequently within the US and Canada and it definitely is one of the better hotels i have stayed in (south beach chill feel with a subtle new york coolness to it).	
May 6 2009 	Designer ear plugs at the bedside a real tipoff!	We appreciated the perfect location, impeccable room design, and lush lobby of Opus Montreal, but the box of designer ear plugs at our bedside was a real tipoff! We heard every conversation in the rooms on either side of us, every door slamming in the halls, every elevator ding, and every piece of luggage being rolled down the hallways. It was just unacceptable for a hotel that is so first-rate in other ways. Just appreciate the art direction of the lobby, the outside deck, and the restaurant, but don't stay here.	
Apr 28 2009 	Stylish comfortable hotel.	Very comfortable room, lots of desk space, nice bathroom arrangement. Noise wasn't an issue, but likely because we were there on a Sunday night. The restaurant/bar is certainly set up for loud, swank nights. Restaurant for dinner was very good, the quality lived up to the price. Continental breakfast buffet was not bad. All staff were helpful and pleasant.WiFi in lobby was iffy; didn't purchase WiFi in room. Hotel is right across from Just for Laughs venue.	
Apr 20 2009 	Noise Level is Unacceptable: Higher End Hotel with Low End experience	I too made the mistake of not checking this site before booking the hotel. To be sure, the public areas are very nice and we found the staff courteous and helpful. The restaurant attached to the hotel was excellent. But the noise from the bar was awful. We were placed in the room right over the bar. The furniture rumbled, the lights shook and the decibel level was so loud, the ear plugs were useless. (Honestly, ear plugs....at a high end hotel?) The staff are well aware of the problem but we were not advised before we booked the room. I complained and asked to be moved. We were told that the hotel was full and this was not possible. The supervisor offered a 50 percent discount for the room. I declined saying that 50 a percent discount for half a night's sleep was unacceptable. We received a full refund. To my mind, the compensation we received was a bare minimum. A hotel that is unable to guarantee conditions that support sleep, shouldn't be in business as a hotel.	
Mar 2 2009 	Wonderful Weekend Stay!	The Hotel Opus is a true gem! I rank it as one of the top hotels that I've ever visited. The staff and their level of service were remarkable, making the stay even more enjoyable. Koko, the restaurant at the hotel, is a must when you visit - the food there was delicious! I will definitel stay at Opus again.	
Dec 30 2008 	What a great Choice!!!!	From the moment we got there we LOVED it!Katherine was very helpful with the reservation (including dinner reservations at Koko), Ralph the bellboy and valet guy was just great.... We didn't want to leave....Rooms are amazing, Koko was delicious and trendy.This is the RIGHT WAY to experience Montreal!We will be back for sure!	
Dec 30 2008 	High style mediocre service	The Opus had loads of style and a great location. The bed was comfortable and the shower was absolutely lovely with plenty of hot water.On the downside, the service was sub-par. The doorman was rarely at the door, our room wasn't made up at four o'clock in the afternoon and the bar wasn't open on Sunday afternoon when we went down for a pre-dinner cocktail.A word of warning for light sleepers, the hotel bar is quite loud at times. On Saturday night, we could hear the music from the bar in our third floor room. Although there were earplugs in the bathroom (someone must know of the issue!), you might want to request a room far away from the bar if this might keep you awake!	
Oct 27 2008 	Opus Montreal was great	This hotel felt very trendy/funky without being pretentious. The rooms were really big, and the beds were so comfortable, it was hard to get up in the morning. The turn down service left green tea chocolates...pretty cool.Definitely felt like you were part of the action; the restaurant downstairs always seemed to be busy, and became a late-night hot spot for locals.	
Oct 27 2008 	Loved Everything	I stayed at Opus for one nite in September and was impressed from the moment I pulled up to the curb. The Valet took my baggage and keys right away and led me into the reception area to check in. They were incredibly professional and very welcoming to the hotel. Once I got to my room - I actually had to snap a couple of pictures to send to my wife right away as I wished that she could have joined me on the trip. It was amazing!!! Then I proceeded down to Koko for drinks and dinner later that afternoon and was even more impressed by the surrounding, great service and amazing food and cocktails.All in all - I would say that staying at this hotel is a must if you are going to Montreal on business or pleasure - I cant wait for my next trip to be scheduled.Thank you to everyone at Opus!!	
Oct 18 2008 	Pretty on the outside....	Very pretty to look at, I actually really loved the decor. Pinks and blacks. When I arrived well after check in almost 5pm my room wasn't ready. Front desk informed me the shower in my room was being repaired and it would be ready shortly. I was in fabulous mood and decided to wander around the neighbourhood. Upon returning front desk apologized. After checking in and setting up my laptop I noticed my internet was not complimentary as was promised by the entertainment sales manager. I called the front desk and they took care of the problem promptly. A few minutes later there was a knock at door. I was expecting an apology favour (considering what a high profile boutique hotel the opus is) only to have my door opened by two engineers apologizing as they didn't know the room was occupied. Then a few minutes later a woman from housekeeping opens my door (no knock what so ever) sees me and without an apology or any explanation shuts the door. How unorganized was this place! It blew my mind. Aren't we in the year 2008? I thought this chic boutique hotel would of at least had some sort of system to notify two different staff members that a room was occupied. From that second forward I felt the need to put my double dead bolt on. Unreal. Sunday breakfast was dead in their restaurant. Our server was lovely and it was so sad to see the place empty. Over all this hotel is slick and very pretty but not worth the price for the lack of organization I experienced.	
Oct 11 2008 	Party On!	We give this hotel three stars because as a hotel it is great, but it really depends upon what you are looking for. If you want a great place to party hop from, this is it! In seconds you are in one of the hippest bar scenes in Montreal, including an '80s club with people dancing on the bar, and several others that I am way to old for (I'm 38). For a rockin' getaway with very little sleep, this is great. My husband and I did not get in until 3:30 am either night. The first night we slept soundly-- no noise (Friday). Then NEXT night, there was a full-fledged party on our floor because of the wedding party staying in the hotel. Well, you can imagine that we wanted to sleep. Oh well, we couldn't, despite the ear plugs that are given out as a hospitality!  To cut down on the noise I suggest you ask for a room that is not above the bar or which opens up over the swank open-air bar in the hotel's lower level.	
Oct 4 2008 	Noise is indeed an issue here be cautious!	I stayed at the Opus for 4 nights. When I entered my first room I was pleasantly surprised with how modern it was great decor, nice accents but unfortunately bad lighting.. the rooms were light deprived. My first room was overlooking St Laurent near the club. When midnight came i was awakened by NOISE! people fighting on the street, dance music and the INSANE beats of bass on the speakers. As others have mentioned on this board,, its Loud!! First night i got 2 hours sleep :( they encourage you to wear their ear plugs to sleep but cmon who wants to do that. The next day i complained and they moved me to a quieter room. Much better! My remaining 3 nights there was fine. Free wireless was provided in the lobby. The Japanese restaurant on the ground floor had delicious food! the best Steak and frites. Try the complimentary coffee machine on the ground floor, tea, expresso, cafe latte. Delicious chocolates are placed each night on your pillow.If you are a light sleeper even a heavier one please take caution with the noise. One last thing you can't beat this location! Its in the heart of everthing.	
Sep 15 2008 	way too loud!	now i have to confess i didnt look at this website before booking this hotel - big mistake. we had a room on the first floor facing the inner courtyard aka the outside bar area. i cant believe people are stupid enough to stay at this hotel - they must have been like me and not read any reviews. it was so [--] loud - esp sat night when the weather was good and the bar in full swing. on the sat night, after having an admitedly quite tasty and reasonably priced cocktail at said bar we went to our room at 11pm, tried to watch a movie which still couldnt drown out the noise from the bar. it reminded me of staying in miami beach. in actual fact we were so exhausted every night we actually feel asleep - with the earplugs in of course. its a great area for shopping - but would never stay here again, unless perhaps in the winter when the outside bar area will be covered in snow and hence no music. the room was quite nice, very &quot;cool&quot; with chocolates every night and l'occtaine bath products, but the lighting was bad.	
Aug 29 2008 	Real Disappointment	Having had a friendly telephone conversation with a member of the reservations staff to book my stay, I was looking forward to my first visit to Opus. The hotel's location is convenient to explore the city but the building is situated on a busy cross-roads with constant traffic heard throughout the building. The first suite I was shown to did not have a bath as requested and I was moved to a small standard room overlooking the courtyard. Luckily it was a Monday, the receptionist did not recommend rooms overlooking the courtyard from Thursday to Sunday due to the late night party in the bar below. I stayed in the room for 3 nights before moving to a suite with a bath which I had originally booked. The room was spacious but painted a lurid orange and overlooked a side street littered with refuse. The room was badly lit and had no privacy from onlookers. A majority of the staff were very unfriendly and two receptionists in particular were extremely inefficient in carrying out simple guest requests. The highlight of this hotel were the porters / bell boys who always had a smile of their faces, nothing was to much trouble for them. Shame about the others. A real disappointment.	
Aug 23 2008 	Rock and Roll Hotel... You will NOT sleep.	I booked this hotel on Hotwire for a very low rate, otherwise the few bad reviews would have kept me away. Unfortunately, the bad reviews here are 100% correct so let me just recap.Don't go to this hotel if you plan on sleeping at night. Maybe if you want to sleep from 5am until noon, but otherwise forget it. The bass from the club is so loud it sounds like it's in your room (and our room was no where near the club!) Also, there were some people who snuck out onto the rooftop right outside our window and camped out there until 5am. Yes folks, 5 am - laughing and hollering and stomping their feet! The hotel puts earplugs in the room but they didn't help at all. Also our Hvac unit was broken so our room was 82 degrees. Phone was broken too so forget about calling the front desk to rat out the people on the roof.Pros: Door men are very helpful and friendly, especially Tony. We did complain about the intense heat in our room which the hotel staff did fix. We also complained about the rooftop partiers the next morning and within moments, staff was on site screwing the windows shut so that it couldn't happen again.Cons: WAY too much noise. Too many defects. Dull dim lighting in the bathroom so you can't make sure you look decent before you go out. The hotwire rate was nice, but you really do get what you pay for sometimes.	
Aug 6 2008 	I Loved it!	I loved everything about this hotel ... the location can't be beat ... our room was beautiful ... the service was great ... the restaurant was fantastic and the the outdoor lounge was perfect for spending time with friends having some cocktails and people watching!	
Jul 20 2008 	great stay	had a great stay here recently. very modern, hip hotel. great for young (35 and down, no kids) travelers. didn't get a chance to check out the bars and restaurants in the hotel, but they seem very chic. rooms are very clean and decor is modern. within walking distance of restaurants and boutiques. not close to major tourist attractions, but close to metro station which is easy to navigate. service was great; front desk staff very nice and helpful. only complaints are that the rooms are very dark and breakfast is not included.	
Jul 16 2008 	Amazing Location OK Hotel	I am not a high maintenance hotel stayer. I like modern, clean rooms with a location central to my interests. The Opus delivered on both of those. Having said that, there was one BIG problem. The sound!I am a 30 year old woman. I love to party and stay out late...however, when I am ready to go to sleep, I want to be able to. There are 2 sides to this hotel. One faces the ultra hip, posh, overly priced restaurant/club Koko..the other faces the busy street. I don't know how the sound is on the street side, but on the club side it's obnoxiously loud!! Until 3-4 am on the weekends and about 2 on the weeknights. One day, we had been sightseeing all day and wanted to ttake a nap to be ready to go out later. There was a wedding in the courtyard of the restaurant and they started playing music at 5-6 pm (and it was still going when we got home late night). The music was typical annoying wedding music and top it all off, we had to hear all the speeches in surround sound. The volume was 19 on a scale of 1-20. We were very irritated and did not feel rested upon leaving this hotel. The staff is on the snobby side, and definitely cater more to the trendsetters, than the average joes. Room service stops serving at 11 pm..at least if you're going to force me to stay awake hearing your music..feed me!BUT the location is fantastic!! A few blocks from St Denis and the Latin Quarter, right on St Laurent with limitless restaurants and bars, a few blocks from Old Montreal, Prince Arthur Street, St Catherine, the metro, buses etcI would not return to this hotel.	
Jul 9 2008 	Loved  loved loved the Opus!!	My husband and I stayed at the Opus Hotel in Monteal -June 27-30th while enjoying the Montreal Jazz Festival. It was hard to leave the hotel!!! From entering the lobby, we had incredible service right from the moment we entereded the front doors. The front desk staff were efficient, welcoming and very polite. Security is great, since you require your room key to access your floor inside the elevator. Decor is great, ultra modern, a nice change from the &quot;typical&quot; decor of hotels. There is an area, just adjacent to the lobby where there is a free,fresh coffee and tea bar with very comfy sofas and chairs and free wireless hookups.The various daily papers are free as well.  Our room was just perfect!!! The colors are all spectacular and each is different, hot pink, mustard, chartrusse, and our was purple, mauve and grey! We loved it- the king bed was incredible, the linens were the best I've ever slept on in any hotel! (HMMMM- do they sell them?) The room was very large, comfortable, and a bonus was that the window opened-we stayed on the 4th floor overtop the covered patio area and off to a side street. We did not have any noise problems. Our window when closed was very soundproof. We also found an &quot;O&quot; umbrella in our closet - which came in very handy. The bath products are great, they use L'Occitane en Provence- very luxurious! Nice white fluffy bathrobes (with a lime green &quot;O&quot; -very cute)- huge shower was a nice treat too! The lighting in the room is great - no ceiling lights, but instead, lamps and recessed lighting in one wall behind the bed. In the evening we had turndown service with decadant chocolates on our pillow, soft romantic lighting, the beautiful copper roman shade drawn- and the silver ice bucket full- ready for our nightcaps!! The lounge and restaurant are elegant- the outdoor courtyard very stylish and one floor below at Suko's Lounge- the outdoor patio is just decadant- chaise lounges and pillows surrounded by a great garden area, accessable right to the street. We were only blocks away from the Jazz Fest and steps away from Old Montreal, fantastic shops, restaurants (Thanks to Fritz!! for the tips on breakfast and lunch spots!!) wine bars, great patios, I could go on and on. But bottom line, if you want to stay in a GREAT hotel, in a perfect location - you cannot miss with the Opus Hotel. We heard that they have an Opus in Vancouver and can't wait to experience the BC one soon!!	
Jul 5 2008 	Loved the Opus	Just returned from a two night stay at the Opus and could not have been happier with our choice. As always I use Tripadvisor as my guide before booking a hotel and although there have been a couple of poor ratings for this hotel it certainly was not our experience. The hotel is very modern, clean and staff extremely helpful from the front desk staff to the doormen. We did not experience any of the problems with sound in the room at all.Location is excellent.The only complaint I have is that the food and bar prices are &quot;way&quot; too high and would definitely not avail myself of either the restaurant or bar.Would stay here again.	
Jun 3 2008 	Maybe for some people...	I booked my stay over a month in advance with Tablet Hotels. The money had been paid to the hotel in it's entirety 3 weeks before I had even arrived, yet there was no room waiting for me.I immediately noticed that Opus is definitely going for a specific clientele. Young professionals, or celebrities with money to burn will enjoy extra-special attention from the staff, while those like myself will get a bit of the old 'upturned nose' treatment. When I was finally able to get a room one of the concierge at the front desk said to me that he'd like to find me a quieter room, when he saw the one that was assigned by the woman who had originally greeted us, but was abruptly cut off by her as she told him that our room was &quot;fine&quot;.Beware that if you plan on going to bed before 3am, half of the hotel's rooms overlook the courtyard which Koko (the upscale yuppie hotel restaurant/nightclub) opens onto. Our room was the floor above the courtyard and was vibrating from the bass in the restaurant's sound-system and we could clearly hear the people in the courtyard smoking and yelling to one another over the music. When I called to ask for a different room, I was told that the hotel was &quot;Sold Out&quot;. This is a *likely story*.The decoration/design of this hotel is very trendy, and while it is nice right now, it is very dark and will date quickly.If you like to stay up late snorting coke, drinking awesome martinis and partying with other yuppies, you will love Opus Hotel in Montreal. This is not a family hotel, nor is it a hotel for people who like a peaceful or relaxing weekend away from home.	
May 28 2008 	Nice Clean Friendly	My boyfriend and I visited Montreal and stayed at the Opus Hotel Montreal this past Memorial Day weekend. We were pleased with the hotel as far as cleanliness, friendliness (especially the front desk) and location. We were able to walk to many sights including museums, restaurants, etc. Everything else was a few minutes car ride away.Amenities in the room were L'Occitane and were very nice. The only complaint I have was the $26/night charge for valet parking. Even in a big city, this was too much in my opinion. Otherwise, we enjoyed our stay (the complimentary coffee/espresso/capppuccino machine in the lobby was a very nice touch). The bar/lounge downstairs is nice, though the cocktails were quite pricey. However, we expected that in a big city. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 28 2008 	Do NOT Believe the other reviews WORST HOTEL WE EVER STAYED IN.	I am convinced that the other reviews that show this property in a positive light are either fake, written by management, or the hotel has some sort of policy to reward this fake praise. For the first time ever, I was completely duped by Tripadvisor, usually my wife and I have a great experience and the reviews are spot on, NOT this time. All I can say is, please, listen to me, do not stay at this property if you value your time, money, and sleep. Here is a list of the defects:1. The Hotel has terrible sound proofing. The club blasts club music until 3:30 and you will hear every word, feel every bass note, and generally feel like you're in the club even on floor 5. Even between rooms, expect to hear the neighbors having sex, and everything going on outside on the street. This is a problem ACKNOWLEDGED by management, which is why the put earplugs under your pillow. 2. The new eatery, KOKO, is a complete joke. In such a city which is rich in culinary skill, do not torture yourself by dining at this feeble attempt at gourmet. There was a mistake on our order, and the waiter then charged us to bring out the correct item. When asked to get a manager, he refused to call one. 3. The rooms have terrible lighting. No recessed lighting, and the fixtures are sparce, and the bulbs were burnt out during our stay. 3 days and 2 calls later to front desk for repair, still no lights. 4. Our safe didn't work. 5. Our egg room service breakfast came with no fork, knives, or napkin. 6. The finishes are very cheap, laminate counter tops on all the furniture, with the dark oak front edgband veneer peeling off in many places. Cheap doors, cheap trim, the bed frame has unfinished MDF showing around as the mattress doesn't cover it completely. Trend forward design gone very bad, think an &quot;IKEA hotel&quot;, but not as good. 7. The HVAC units are in room and very loud. 8. Our telephone didn't work, and was not fixed after 2 days. 9. Did I mention that you won't sleep?Overall, this place was a joke. When I was at the reception complaining, there were 2 people ahead of me, and I overheard them complaining for the same things. It defies logic how there are so many positive reviews. Save your money and your vacation time, stay elsewhere.	
May 27 2008 	Great location good value contemporary hotel.	Perfect location if you're going to take advantage of the restaurants and shopping on St. Laurent. Intimate boutique hotel with a similar feel of the W, but a little more subdued. I like it and would definitely consider staying here again. Clean rooms, good sized and comfortable.	
May 18 2008 	Great design hotel downtown Montreal	The Opus Montreal is located next to many bars, restaurants and shops. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and new like the rest of the hotel. The staff is friendly and attentive. Food at the restaurant is very good and the bar is nice.	
May 7 2008	Hotel Opus - A Work in Progess - For the Better	The Opus is sleek, modern, airy, spacious, and dimly lit from the lobby all the way up to the hotel room. The staff is very professional, knowledgeable, and courteous.The Opus is in the midst of constructing their restaurant that is expected to open by the end of May. Until then, at street level there is the Suco bar and lounge with an outdoor patio facing St. Laurent where you can enjoy great tunes, drinks, and tapas.If you are a light sleeper, make sure to use the ear plugs provided as the windows are not very soundproof and do not keep out the street noise. Regardless, the beds are very comfortable and the hotel room offers all of the latest modern amenities.Restaurants and shops along Ste-Laurent are all within a short walking distance from the Opus. For additional restaurants and shops and if you are not keen on walking, a short cab ride will get you to Old Montreal/the Port, Crescent Street, Ste-Catherine, and Ste-Denis.Nearby Dining: For a truly authentic excellent Italian meal cooked like mamma, be sure to make a reservation at Da Emma (514.392.1568) in Old Montreal. For a filling breakfast (served until 3:00 p.m.), lunch or dinner, check out the funky Avenue on Mt-Royal Avenue East (plus two additional locations) and have patience as they do not take reservations and there is always a line-up. It is worth the wait.	
Jan 4 2008 	Very hip - A 'Must Stay' Hotel	This is a fantstic hotel - very chic, in a great location near everything, the staff is awesome and so extremely helpful. The rooms were so luxurious it was hard to leave the hotel and explore Montreal. We went for our 1st wedding anniversary and felt pampered the whole time we were at The Opus. We will definitely be staying at The Opus on every trip we make back to Montreal. We had a fantastic experience and wouldn't change anything about the hotel.	
Dec 12 2007 	Awesome spot!	I stayed here for my bachelor party with about ten other guys. The hotel was very chic and yes I did say chic. Front desk staff helpful, and the doorman let us know all the good hot spots! Beds were comfy, rooms were neat. The TV/computer combo was a little hard to figure out after a bottle of alcohol had been consumed, but I'm sure it worked fine. They were very accomadating when asked for a lot of ice, a HUGE tray filled with ice was delivered in no time at all. All in all a great stay. I would return to the Opus becuase of its proximity to the local nightlife, and if it wasn't close, it was a quick cab ride wherever you wanted to go!	
Nov 26 2007	Pretty good	Excellent staff from the bellhops to the front desk, everyone was super courteous and very quick to help you out. The hotel decor was pretty nice, they are goin for that trendy NY look. We stayed in the executive suite which was two rooms, a living room and then bedroom with two bathrooms with included baths/showers. Lighting was bleh, to dark for me. Overall nice hotel room, looks like it had been partied in pretty good though but didn't bother me, hehe. Was expecting an IPOD dock of some sort, but i improvised and bought one of those ipod headphone jack to audio input wires and plugged into the back of the tv and bam! IPOD. Have a ton of pics of the room if anyone is interested.	
Nov 19 2007 	Exceptional!	First time visit to Montreal and what an incredible city! And the trendy Opus Montreal matches its host city in everyway. The décor in the rooms and lobby was vibrant and fun. Staff were friendly and very helpful with directions plus some outstanding dinner recommendations. Location was perfect – right next to a whole bunch of great shops and restaurants/clubs.	
Nov 18 2007 	Dark but overall pleasant place to stay	I stayed at Hotel Godin (now Opus) twice earlier this year--once in February and once in June. Both were business trips.Some aspects of this hotel I really liked, others not.The rooms ARE dark, mostly due to concrete ceilings that mean no overhead lights. (Plus everything is painted in gray tones.) Also, huge windows are shrouded in very dark curtains. This might be great if you need pitch-dark to sleep, but a bit oppressive for being in the room at other times. I immediately opened all curtains, and that helped, but people could then look right in, from the place across the way, so I had to remember to change in the bathroom or close the curtains!Both times I was in what they call a &quot;Privilege&quot; room--that's the smallest. Bed was great--that's important! And chocolate treats at turn-down were a nice touch.The pictures show a bathtub, but neither room I had included one--only a shower, although a spacious one.There is a nice long desk, which was good for working. One trip I was able to negotiate internet to be included in the room cost, but the other time I had to pay a daily fee. No coffee maker, but there is free coffee in the lobby downstairs. Room service is - as you might expect - expensive. Plus, fairly small portions. Fortunately, there are lots of places to eat within walking distance. Still, overall it was a pretty good experience.	
Nov 16 2007	Mini Ian Shrager?	Lots of rave reviews, but I thought it was trying a bit too hard to be 'New York'......constant 'cool' hotel music everywhere you go, the bar just doesn't quite cut it.....not saying it was bad - it was fine - but it aint Schrager/Stark even tho it wants to be.But having said that, at $179 maybe you cant expect the real thing?	
Nov 14 2007 	Location Location Location	For my first visit to Montreal, the Opus Hotel was the ultimate choice because it's location was close to everything. We only had a few days to stay in Montreal, so the location of our hotel was very important. The Opus Montreal was a short walk to shopping, and had many restaurants nearby. Most of our travel to and from the hotel was by taxi and was usually under a $10 fare, whether it was to a restaurant, nightclub, or the Bell Centre hockey arena.The rooms were funky and spacious but we did not spend a lot of time in them as we were enjoying everything cultural that Montreal has to offer. When we needed a dinner reservation, the staff were friendly, helpful, and bi-lingual.I will stay there again.	
Nov 14 2007 	Awesome.	From the moment we got out of the taxi, the Opus staff were very attentative and helpful. The entire time it felt as though we were receiving special treatment - even though we were regular guests. The lobby is beautiful, but not over done - they have a small bar/lounge in the lobby area and a larger bar downstairs - so great for pre-dinner drinks. The rooms are unique, new and stylish - loved the concrete ceilings. They are opening a larger bar in the spring which will make the Opus even more of a hot-spot. I highly recommend this hotel, and I will be staying there every time I go to Montreal.	
Nov 11 2007 	Exactly what I wanted!!!	Couldn't have asked for anything better! The service was excellent, the employees were courteous, and the room exceded all expectations!! Highly Recommended! I've been to a couple hotels in montreal, nothing compared to Opus!!!	
Oct 29 2007 	Hip Cool Great Location	Perfect spot if you're looking for a hip hotel located in the heart of the coolest neighbourhood in Montreal filled with great stores, restaurants, etc. Staff was very friendly, rooms were clean, quiet, high end with nice personal touches. Great bar scene!	
Oct 22 2007 	Loved the Opus Montreal!	Amazing staff, very helpful and friendly. Opus is very chic and modern. I was traveling for business and found the location was perfect---very centrally located to all the main attractions and neighbourhoods. Some hotels have fantastic lobbies and then boring rooms but not at Opus! My room was amazing and so were the bathroom products. I especially enjoyed turn-down service; each night when I returned from a day of meetings there were delicious chocolates on my pillow! Love, love, love Opus Montreal and will definitely be staying there again when I am in Montreal for work (or even just for fun!). Note: Room service was very good, the tip/delivery charge is included on the bill so you don't pay all those hidden charges that come with most room service bills. If you are traveling alone like I was, have a drink in the lobby lounge, the staff are really friendly and offer great wine suggestions.	
Oct 21 2007	romantic getaway	My husband and I spent our 1 year wedding anniversary at Opus. it was truly a romantic experience. The hotel itself is just beautiful and the staff was just great. We stopped for a few drinks at Suco bar which is in Opus hotel. The ambience was great. The bar tenders were so friendly and ready to serve you whenever you needed a drink. The music was really good. It was that lounging music you want to hear when you are out having a good time. The music wasn't too lound like some bars that you can't even hear yourself think. You can actually have a conversation with the people you are with. Right after a fun evening we headed to our room which was just to die for. Modern, clean and comfortable. I just wanted to stay in there comfy bed all day long. The room was a good size and the bathroom was bigger then the room.(almost) Deep bathtub, huge shower and 2 sinks so I didn't have to fight over it with my husband. Ha! Ha!. We pre ordered our breakfast the night before, but I forgot to write the time I wanted it served to our room. So when I woke up I called reception and they told me I forgot to write a time and they didn't want to call us to wake us up, which I found very respectfull of them. Within minutes our breakfast arrived on a table with flours, fruit, croissants, muffins, juice, coffee and of course my bacon and eggs. The presentation was just beautiful and added to our romatic weekend. All in all I reccommend Opus Montreal to not only couples but to anyone who wants to stay at a really nice hotel and have a good evening at the bar.It also is located in the heart of town town Montreal, which is the place to be. I defiately would go back. Maybe every anniversary!	
Oct 15 2007	Amazing Energy!	The OPUS Montreal pulses with an amazing energy. For a trendy boutique hotel the rooms are a lovely size - with great features including an amazing tub/shower room! (check out the cool reversible door- hinge on the wc/bedroom door!) This time it was only my husband and me, but after peeking into one of the suites (complete with murphy bed) we've vowed to go back soon with kids! And talk about location... you want the heart off Montreal - you got it!!!	
Oct 9 2007 	Outstanding...	only amazing things to say about the hotel, the property, and the staff. there is a really great story about the history of the building which definately adds to the experience. located in a wonderful, central part of town. we were there is the fall and it was just beautiful.nothing bad to say about opus montreal.	
Oct 4 2007 	Hip happening hot	Montreal's hippest hotel. Incredibly friendly (and gorgeous) staff. As someone else said, it's a celebrity haven - you never know who you'll meet in the lobby or the elevator. The beds are heavenly.	
Sep 28 2007	Loved Opus Montreal!!!!!!!!	Last weekend was my bachelorette party and a bunch of us stayed at the opus hotel in montreal...BEST hotel EVER!!!! The staff is amazing!... the rooms are incredible! and the service rocked! I had a great time and a very enjoyable stay!! I recommend the opus montreal to everyone and anyone!! you can't go wrong!!	
Sep 25 2007 	Celebrities everywhere! Best location!	I recently went to Montreal to see the Beastie Boys concert and stayed at the Opus Montreal. I was blown away to see that I was staying in the same hotel as the Beastie Boys... and what more? I even met Bjork in the lounge!!!! All the shopping and restaurants were around the corner and to top it all of I was greeted and taken care of with such professionalism, and slept in the best bed ever! Easily my best vacation, will be returning for the Jazz Festival!	
Sep 11 2007 	Excellent Boutique Hotel	I am a gay traveller and also owner of a Travel Agency. The OPUS Hotel Montreal has exceeded my expectations, not only on the design, services and location, but also on the Guest and Customer Service. The staff is very friendly, warm and welcoming.I would recommend any of you seeking the best value option to stay in Montreal the OPUS Hotel not only as a guest/client of the hotel but also as a travel expert.Excellent location, walking distance from the main touristic atractions, the restaurant districts, and the gay quarters for the gay travellers.FYI it is not a Gay hotel, but you can sence the friendly ambience in the air.I give them a 09 point out of 10.Carlos Melia	
Sep 9 2007 	Absolutely Amazing !	As of hotel staying, you might call me a professional. I stay in hotels more than in my own home ! If I had the chance to choose a permanent destination, Opus Montreal would definitely be it !From the warmful welcoming to the prompt check-out, my &quot;too short&quot; stay at Opus charmed me, from top to bottom !Considering the busy Labor Day weekend, the staff was available for any requests and ready to perform backward flips for all my little personal attentions. I felt just at home in the beautiful rooms... major plus with the glass shower !I could go on but will keep it short. Opus MTL is THE boutique hotel to choose to keep a sane mind about your staying needs !Thank you Opus !Ian RenaudFood Critic for Gastronomie, Weekend.ca	
Sep 8 2007 	Fantastic Opus Montreal	From the moment my family and I (two small children 4yrs and 5yrs old) entered the hotel, we were welcomed with open arms. The staff was very courteous and professional. All the elements from the lighting to the décor were warm, welcoming and very hip.The rooms have an element of style that made our stay very pleasant. My daughters love the comfy beds and so did I. The staff was always quick to respond to all our needs with a smile. I will be returning to Montréal very soon and I won’t be looking to stay anywhere else.	
Sep 7 2007	Loved the Opus Montreal (formerly Hotel Godin)	We just returned from an extended weekend stay with the Opus Montreal (formerly Hotel Godin). It was a very conveniently location -- close to the Metro and restaurants. The staff members were very professional, courteous, helpful and friendly. The room was spacious and nicely decorated. We especially loved the evening bed turn down treats!	
Sep 6 2007 	Cool Modern Hotel Great Location	Hip boutique hotel. Our room was nicely equipped. basically a queen bed with two bed-side tables, a table and chairs, a very large, very long polished metal mirror that took up one whole wall, flat screen TV, long wood consoe (12' long) was very useful. The only downside of the hotel was the room was very dark, even with all the lights on, it was occasionally difficult to read. Hip and romantic though. The walls and the cieling are poured concrete, very dark. The toilet was in a separate room from the shower/vanity area. The shower/vanity was very nice with a large shower area with glass tile, the vanity had a large raised vessell sink and plenty of room on each side. Real positive was the location right on St. Laurent and Sherbrooke, close to Old Montreal, downtown, and our favorite part the plateau, St. Laurent, St. Denis, Mt. Royal. Very convenient location, helpful staff. WiFi did not work in room, had to go to the lobby for that, a bit annoying. Fitness center was small, but nicely equipped and never crowded and open 24 hrs. I specifically do not eat in the restaurant of the hotel I'm staying in (part of the fun is getting out and about), so I have no opinon on that. Convenient valet parking, very helpful. One Word Equity: Location. with a nice dose of hipness. Would definately recommend to the right person (not my parents) looking for a nicely located, moderately priced, hip boutique type hotel, but would not be everyone's cup of tea.	
Sep 6 2007	Worst Managed Hotel in Montreal	I am a huge fan of boutique hotels and I travel to Montreal frequently. Opus (formerly known as the 'Godin') is quite possibly the worst hotel I have ever been to. The service from check-in to check-out was tedious, annoying and unprofessional.My credit card statement showed that they had charged my account double the amount that they were supposed to. It took two weeks and numerous litigation for me to receive my money.Funny thing - is that I had heard about the hotel being poorly managed, but I didn't listen - BIG mistakeUntil they wipe out their management system - stay clear!	
Sep 4 2007 	Stunning!	A must stay!The perfect location! Close to downtown shopping, nightlife, restaurants and the plateau, a must see of Montreal. Beautiful and trendy decor, professional, friendly staff.A must stay in Montreal.	
Jul 30 2007 	Opus Hotels expands in Montreal	A recent addition to the Opus Hotel Group. The former Godin Hotel Montreal is a v. good place to rest your head. Designed by Canadian Architects Yabu Pushelburg it is well thought out and planed. The basic rooms (Prestige) are large. The service is friendly and professional. My complaint here is that the hotel seems understaffed and requests seem to take a a long time. Well located near the St Laurent restaurant scene the hotels own restaurant is not yet open for business. My only real complaint was the poor quality of the breakfast buffet. Un inspiring choices, cheap linen and poor coffee. Come on guys you are in Montreal. Montreal bagels and pastries, fressh fruit and linen and lose the stainless steel serving bowls ! All in all a good choice. If your journey takes you to Montreal look over The Sofitel, W Hotel and in the old town Le St James,Nelligan and The Saint Sulpice. Enjoy Montreal !	
Jul 29 2007 	Great location	The location of the Godin, sorry Opus (the hotel had just changed ownership as I was staying there), is superb.It's about 4 blocks away from the main shopping street (St. Catherine) and right across the hotel, there's a street full of great bars and restaurants. The location cant be beat, there's everything nearby that you might want. While the hotel is located next to a busy street, once you get indoors, it's all peace and quiet.The lobby has a bar in the evenings and there's always free coffee available which was quite good. I ended up drinking a lot of it since the I couldn't get the internet connection working for my laptop up in my room. The wifi access in the lobby is free and fast. To use the internet in the rooms you have to activate it via the tv and it didnt work at all for me or any of my colleagues.The room I stayed in was spacious and had a massive comfy bed. Its pretty dark in the room and the only window was facing an closeby office and the street, from where one could see into the room, so the shades had to be kept down most of the time. The decoration is pretty basic. It's not the &quot;friendliest&quot; hotel room you are going to be staying in.The bathroom was spartan but big. The toiletries were fine and there was plenty of towels. The toilet was in a room across the bath and interestingly there's one door that was the door for the toilet and the living room, which was a bit weird.There's a restaurant downstairs that served up a tasty if limited continental breakfast. The staff very very courteous and friendly.	
Jul 8 2007 	Great location and very interesting design	Hotel Godin is a beautiful full service hotel, on the level of perhaps a Westin, but slightly less expensive. The interiors are very interesting, with muted colors and bare concrete. I could have used a bit more light in the guestrooms. But service was great and you certainly can't beat the location right on St. Laurent. Underground parking is available, but PRICEY at 25 CAN a night.	
Jul 6 2007	Godin = excellent hotel would stay here again in a heartbeat	Excellent hotel. Pay no mind to the Internet naysayers who say that this was missing or that that was terrible or whatever. This place was excellent, the staff and service was excellent, and I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Highly recommended.	
Jul 4 2007 	Godin for Jazz Festival	We stayed at the Hotel Godin for the Montreal International Jazz Festival, and chose it for its great location (only 2 blocks from the festival, and a few blocks from Rue St. Denis) and its mod styling. The lobby and lounge area are cool, and you can enjoy free espresso and free wireless internet access. There is also a bar in the lobby that is open until 11pm. The rooms are cool and have a nice minimalist styling, and the ceilings are poured concrete with builder notations scribbled on them (which we thought was cool). The beds are very comfortable, and you will find a free newspaper outside your room each morning. The finish isn't quite up to par with other mod-styled hotels like the W, but it's also a little less expensive. The staff are very friendly. There is a club/ lounge/ bar downstairs, but it didn't seemed to be open during our stay. Also, plan on having breakfast elsewhere, unless you've always wanted to try a $25 omelette (check out La Brioche Lyonnaise on St. Denis for some good local breakfast grub).	
Jun 29 2007 	Nickel and Dime	A very nice, stylish hotel that tries its best to nickel and dime you to death. Granted, this is increasingly common in today's world of travel, but, when you pay $250 a night for a room, you'd think they'd throw in a bottle of water or internet access.Water is $2.50 a small bottle. Although they're free in the workout room, which is nearly always empty. Internet access is $10 a day, something that's not mentioned in any of the hotel literature. There is FREE wireless access in the lobby, but they always keep the techno-music blaring (even at 4 a.m.). A glass of wine in the lobby is $12. Champagne $24.Staff is helpful but typically dense in a young person sort of way. Room pricing is all over the chart depending on where you look. In May, the Hotel Godin website listed rooms at $279. Travelocity had the same room for $225. Expedia had it at $179.All that said, The Godin is conveniently located and nicely run, but you'll come away with the sense that you've been ripped off even though you've probably had a great time.	
Jun 25 2007 	Service location style...	The hotel's location is second to none. Close to downtown, the village, Saint Laurent night life, underground city and all major attractions Montreal has to offer. The room was super comfortable, a mixture of old features that made a bold statement (i.e. the ceiling was unfinished, yet the decor of the room was stylish and didn't sacrifice comfort). The bathroom was spacious and super clean. Service is definitely key, we were given directions to everything, and the staff always went above and beyond the call of duty to our every need. Will definitely be back.	
May 30 2007 	Loved the Godin	Went to Montreal this past weekend with a girlfriend! we loved the Godin. Room 240 was gorgeous, the bathroom unbelievable! As other reviews mentioned, lighting was a bit of an issue. If you don't mind noise, then the hotel location wont bother you. Street noise is really load. Not the hotels fault just the location. If you want to be in the action, this is perfect. Service was fair, depending on who you get I suppose. i called for a saftey pin, and the girl I spoke to was wonderful! Then I went to Front desk to let them now our A/C wasn't turning on , and she didn't really care at all. Everything in Montreal is extremely laid back anyways. We found service to be slow everywhere we went. Overall I would stay at this hotel again.	
May 28 2007 	Poor service poor value go somewhere else for this price	We stayed for a weekend in cold, snowy February. Booked two rooms. The hotel is overpriced for the service levels - we've since been in the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth and it is sooo much better. Go to another hotel - plenty of better choices within the price range, and while the location is good, so are most locations in Montreal - it is a liveable city!1) Valet parking were NOT friendly, access is difficult on busy Sherbrooke if a car or two are already &quot;dropping off&quot; guests - there was quite a mistake with the valets and it ended up on a double billing at the end of the stay. ... that would have been a pardonable mistake but...2) No coffee or cookies in the lobby, despite them being advertised on both the website and the hotel brochures. Cold light-couloured brew was sitting for hours... no amenities of that sort in-room (no coffee maker basics)3) Rooms look and feel rather drab than &quot;chic&quot;, and the dark colours only seem to mask the dirt. However, I agree that the bed/ mattress was firm and linen pleasant.4) Poor sound insulation between walls - we shared the next-door neighbours &quot;sweet valentine&quot; exploits - I must say we got jealous! Unfortunately it didn't help us get sleep...5) The restaurant wasn't open and part of the hotel was &quot;under construction&quot; - yet they still dared to charge full-price...poor.Overall I would not go back to this hotel, it is overpriced and the level of service and overall &quot;feeling&quot; isn't up to snuff for what they charge or for what they presume to be. Plenty of better choices in Montreal.	
May 9 2007 	Cool Canadian Chic	The Godin is a very modern spin on a boutique hotel. Lots of glass, chrome and dark colours. If you don't see beauty in different shades of grey then this hotel isn't for you. It is fair to say that the rooms and the lounges could do with more light - suffice to say that the bare concrete ceiling (it was supposed to be like that) in the room didn't have a light fitting in it. Nevertheless, the hotel is well appointed and the decor is tatsteful and eventually grows on you.The lobby has free wireless internet and an expresso machine. If you time it right you get free cakes as well! Staff are friendly and if you speak kindly to the maids they will you extra chocolates when they turn your bed down!Location is good, very close to lots of restaurants and bars on Rue St Laurent. However, the metro stations are a couple of blocks away.Overall, an enjoyable experience in a classy city hotel.	
Mar 30 2007	Decent but not the value it used to be.	I've stayed twice at the Hotel Godin, in September 2005 and October 2006. The first stay was amazing. The second stay was decent. The pluses during both stays were the perfect location; the quality of the bed, shower and amenities; and the friendliness and efficiency of the staff. What made the second stay less positive was the decline in value. During the first stay, free bottled water was available in the lobby and the room, a continental breakfast was included in the room rate, and front of the line passes to restaurant/clubs owned by the Godin owners were given out to guests. By the time of the second stay majority ownership had changed and all these were no longer available. So the Hotel Godin is a decent hotel and if you like modern hotels and want to be close to nightlife and good restaurants and a reasonable walk away from the Latin Quarter, Chinatown, and the touristy old town, you'll enjoy a stay there.	
Mar 10 2007 	Dark rooms where is the doorman?!	First impression was &quot;where is the doorman or bellman?!?!&quot;. I had lots of luggage and trying to cart it in the slushy side walk by myself. People at the front desk saw that and didn't help! I would understand if they were busy with guests but both were just standing there chatting away. The rooms were very dark. I loved the bathroom except just like the bedroom it was dark, I suggest ladies to apply make up in front of the window! Based on their website I thought they would still have Fresh products. There seemed to be a recent change in amenities to Gilcrhrist &amp; Soames, such a shame... Continental breakfast served downstairs was very good. I almost wanted to ask what bakery bakes their bread! Service was very good too. I loved the location. Close to fantastic restaurants and a couple of trendy stores. I can imagine staying at this hotel in the summer would be fantastic.	
Jan 29 2007 	Fantastic	Hotel Godin is great. Good Location, real slick looking lobby, helpful staff, excellent breakfast, and fantastic rooms. There is no other place to stay in Montreal accept this place. Right at the foot of the shops, restraunts, bars, and clubs on St. Laurent and a short walk to St. Catherine. You won't be dissapointed	
Jan 1 2007 	Fantastic location great stay	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Godin over Christmas for 4 days. The hotel was great. Its location on Sherbrooke and St. Laurent was in the center of the great restaurants and bars. The decor was ultra-modern and the prices of in-room services followed that. Room service was ridiculous... $25-$35 entrees. Breakfast for ONE person cost us $25. This could be temporary, since the hotel's restaurant and bar is not yet open.Apart from that, we felt like we were staying in a hotel that was much more expensive than what we actually paid. Hotel + Flight from NYC was $500 each for 4 nights. I would definitely recommend this hotel. Ask for Jean-Pierre at the concierge.. he was extremely helpful and accomodating.	
Nov 6 2006 	Loved it!	Hotel Godin was a great stay! Like everyone else has pretty much said, the rooms are a bit dark BUT, the rooms were clean and the furniture was chic and modern. I felt very comfortable staying. Also, the staff was absolutely friendly and helpful! They suggested places for my boyfriend and I to eat. From the manager to the bellboy(especially the bellboy), everyone was absolutely interested in making sure that my boyfriend and I had everything from reservations to directions. I can't rave enough about this place. Maybe my boyfriend and I got really lucky in meeting all the right staff but we really loved the whole staff/room/hotel itself. The location is really great too because its right on the corner of two major streets of Montreal! you are just walking distance of SO many clubs/restaurants/shops!It's a shame that this hotel has so much potential. They couldn't get their liquor license so there is this HUGE space for where the restaurant should be...along with the bar. Because of this, hotel Godin is a hidden GEM! My boyfriend and I will most definitely go back! Thank you to other trip advisors who contribute!	
Oct 30 2006 	Don't bother	What a let down! Hotel Godin is overrated. On the plus side, it is new, well located and clean. However, most of the rooms do not have bath; rooms are dark; when you lay down on the bed and look at the ceiling you would think that you are sleeping in the parking garage (no paint, no ceiling, just ciment!). Good luck if you want to shave or put make up in the washroom...it is so dark....The service was poor. It called itself a boutique-hotel...it is not. Don't bother. Go elsewhere.	
Oct 18 2006	Nice Stay	After reading a few reviews on Tripadvisor, I decided to book my reservation. It basically met my expectations. Nothing great, nothing bad either. Here's a breakdown of the pros and cons:Pros:-Location-Price-Service-Amenities: Nice gym, toiletries, etc.-StyleCons:-Dark rooms	
Oct 4 2006 	location location	Situated on the corner of St Laurent and Sherbrooke, there is no better location than the Godin to begin a night on the town. The rooms and lobby are well designed, with the ambiance of a locally owned boutique hotel. The clientele is exactly what you want to see (no cheesy corporate types!). The staff are friendly and helpful. On a lesser note, I am tired of the nickel and diming the better hotels are charging for internet access. It should be free, and at the Godin, it's overpriced. In the past, the staff encouraged me to have breakfast for free, yet on my last trip, after having my breakfast, I was charged, and told that they now charge the guests (it would've been nice to know before eating a banana and a croissant for $14).  Regardless, I much prefer the Godin to the W, as it is a true Montreal establishment that seems to be waiting to flourish, as a major nightclub/hotel phenomenon. I believe it will. And as I said, the location is perfect for enjoying the nightlife.	
Aug 12 2006 	Great atmosphere - very trendy	I travel alot for work and as I love Montreal I wanted to find a hotel that would be different and Montrealer. I had heard of the Hotel Godin but now after having experienced it I will definitely go back. Everyone was very professional - the service was friendly - I loved the lounge area in the lobby and the european style breakfast. Very modern and clean. Great location as you are able to walk almost anywhere downtown Montreal. Very safe area with lots of trendy restaurants and bars. I will definitely be going back next time I am in the montreal!	
Aug 7 2006	Hotel Godin-Best Kept Secret	We had booked a last minute trip to Montreal Aug 5-7, '06. 1/2 business 1/2 pleasure. Having heard of a 100+ room boutique hotel in the downtown area, we thought it was worth a try. What a refreshing experience. From the cool music, chic and smooth lobby, to the well dressed employees, I haven't felt more welcomed in a hotel in years. The room was a little larger than a standard size with dark purples and greys-very different. Black tiles in the bathroom with a glass shower and funky sinks. Every hallway we walked down there was a staff member that smiled.It was within walking distantce-15 minutes to Old Montreal where was a bounty of great restaruants and cafes. Up the street is Sofia's for a great bowl of Goat cheese ravioli and bottle of Vino. A little expensive...but worth it. We went the the hotel restaurant for breakfast which was bright and airy-the server had the sliding doors open to the street. My most pleasant surprise was when we came back to the room both nights and found the room turned down, ice in the buckets, curtains drawn and a treat of chocolates on the pillow. Very welcoming as our feet were sore from walking all day. Didn't find a pool as I dont think they had one. Some planned reno's attachd to the builing are apparently for a banquet hall. I'm glad we went out of our way to try it. Too often we stay at the same chains and are tired of it. Too bad about the taxi's-I've never been for whiplashed so bad coming back from the casino last night. LAstly, go for the espresso in the lobby...	
Jul 26 2006 	Great alternative to the "beige box"!	If you are looking for an alternative to the &quot;beige box&quot; this is it! Modern and cool yet comfortable with fast, efficient service. Loved the fluffy duvet &amp; pillows, the simple, elegant decor, modern technology and the spa like shower. Would recommend coffee maker in the room as well as more lighting. Great location for shopping &amp; dining.	
Jul 6 2006	Way Overrated	Uninformed reviews appear to put the Godin at the head of the pack of Montreal's trendy boutique hotel market. Clearly, those reviewers haven't experienced the Godin firsthand. Service is terrible; the concierge consistently screwed up our dinner reservations, the front desk was alerted about luggage arriving from the airport and we asked them to phone the room when it arrived, but no one ever did.On top of all of that, the Godin's supposed &quot;pluses&quot; were conspicously absent. Cool bar? Nope, not open. Restaurant? Closed. Wireless internet? Not in the rooms, and wired internet access available for a hefty $13 a night. The room keys got demagnetized on a regular basis. Not to mention very dark rooms which, even with all the lights turned on, were still dank and depressing (rather than &quot;trendy&quot;) at night, even during the day.I stayed at the St-Paul just two months prior and for the same price there is no comparison. The St-Paul had a charming staff, which were HELPFUL, not to mention a fully licensed bar and restaurant, beautiful rooms, free internet access, and character missing from the Godin.The Godin had one factor which set it apart from the other boutique hotels in a good way - its location on St-Laurent and Sherbrooke (rather than in the ubiquitous Old Port like every other boutique hotel) made the Plateau, Mile End, Downtown, Old Port and the Village accessible by easy walk. Too bad the hotel is so disappointing!	
Jul 5 2006	We liked it but there are some things you should know	My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel Godin from June 30 to July 4. We paid about $215 a night plus $25 a night for parking.LocationIt is definitely better to be in this part of town instead of Old Montreal. Old Montreal is beautiful but it's a place for tourists and does not feel like a real, vibrant city. Godin's neighborhood, Plateau Mont Royal, is half cool and half lame. Unfortunatley Godin is closer to the lame half but is sitll closer to the good half than any hotel i know of. The bad half is Ste Laurent, the street next to the hotel which is often referred to as &quot;trendy&quot; and &quot;cool.&quot; I may be a jaded New Yorker, but i found most of Ste. Laurent to be cheesy and soulless. All the restaurants were playing bad house music and were filled with tacky furniture. But don't be discouraged. The cool half of the Plateau is just a few blocks further to the corner of Duluth and Dorlet streets. This area has beautiful parks and residential architecture. The restaurants were sophisticated, authentic, and had great food. I especially recommend L'Express and Laloux. ServiceEveryone we encountered was friendly and professional. The concierge wasn't around too often but the people at the reception desk were always able to answer our questions. RoomThe room is VERY dark. It's even hard to read unless it's daylight and the shades are up. It was frustrating that there was no translucent curtains that would allow light in but not allow people to see in. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was slick but usable.Food/DrinksThe hotel is not finished yet. There is no sign of construction but large portions of the hotel are empty and unused for no apparent reason. The hotel also doesn't seem to have a liquor license or serve dinner. This wasn't a big factor for us but would be a huge turn-off for someone traveling alone who wanted to meet people in the hotel. The place was a ghost town except during the free breakfast (which was very good).	
Jul 5 2006	Great Room. Depressing Hotel. Bad Shower	My partner and I stayed at the Godin over the July 4th weekend. We decided to come up from New York to check out Montreal. We didn't find the city to our liking (too many depressing buildings and tacky-ness.) The people were blankly nice, but not overwhelming helpful. It seemed as though nobody had any enthusiasm for their own city. This extended to the staff at the Godin. There was no attempt made to help us out in terms of discovering the city. There was no knowledgable concierge on hand to make recommendations. And St. Laurent St.....sad little clubs and gaudy restaurants. not very hip.We bought a bottle of Vodka and holed up on our bed (which is super-comfy) and padded around the nice room. The shower DOES blow though. It's not for tall people and the water pressure is terrible. The room service menu is way overpriced for such a low-rent place. I think it was 24 bucks for a burger.The overall interior design of the hotel is college modern art museum meets new college dorm complex. there is way too much space. no intimacy. aside from a few Ligne Roset lamps in lobby, there is nothing here to shout about. the breakfast room is inversely large in proportion to the selection of food there (no meat, sad little croissants, limited fresh fruit)The exterior of the hotel is pretty joyless as well. Right across from an Esso station. Like an office building. It's not a site to behold and make you think &quot;great....we are at our hotel&quot;.We stumbled through Jazzfest one day. Such a blight. Spilling from St. Catherine to that horrible Place de la Artes. Concrete drabness. Badly dressed people. Soprano Sax....We left the hotel as early as possible and hung out at the airport all day.	
Jun 24 2006	Lovin' Godin	Just spent two wonderful nights at the Godin this past week. This is a very cool, comfortable hotel with a location that cannot be beat at the corner of Sherbrooke and St. Laurent.Best Things:- Super comfortable beds- Large Bathrooms with fogless mirrors- Fresh bath products- Complimentary breakfast in the bar- Cool lobby with mood lighting at nightThings to Improve:- Bar is not open yet but will be soon- No restaurant (maybe next year)The bar and restaurant situation is not a big deal considering some of Montreal's best restaurants and bars are a 2.5 minute walk from the hotel (check out Time Cafe, Madonna did when I was there) The staff was very attentive and helpful, and had lots of suggestions for restaurants and things to do. My room was super quiet with a nice mix of materials: wood, carpet and a concrete ceiling. I can't wait to go back to Montreal and when I do I will be staying at Hotel Godin.	
Jun 16 2006 	a Wannabee Hotel	Before I arrived somebody told me it was a wannabee hotel. It was only after my arrival I understood what he meant. This hotel wants to be fancy but it isn't. It wants to be trendy but it isn't. It is build with cheap materials, has no isolation and if you look very carefully it is actually very poor. To make everything worse it is ran by people that apparently have no experience in the hotel business. It misses the class and charm of a good hotel and scores zero when it comes to service. Can you imagine a breakfast room with no coffee spoons around? Can you imagine the sprinkler of the shower mounted to low on the wall so you can not properly shower? can you imagine to wake up by people going to the bathroom in the room above (you think that a complete bathtub is falling on your head)? Can you imagine people from the reception not calling you back after you called them with a specific request? Only looking at the rates you realise why they actually &quot;want to be&quot;. Unfortunately they aren't and the next time I will stay as before at Le Germain. Probably one of the best hotels and not only in Montréal...	
Jun 4 2006	The love is gone...	As a travel writer, who has stayed from 5-star hotels to youth hostels, I don't expect too much from my accommodations besides a comfy bed and warm shower. Until, that is, I stayed at Le Godin in Montreal, Canada. Besides the trendy lobby, chic rooms and beautiful staff (which I have seen from New York City to Bombay), there was only one very special feature which really made my stay there unforgettable. Only one thing that spoiled me beyond any other hotel I've stayed at. It was the hotel's star concierge, Anna.As I am always travelling to cities for one or two days at a time, nights spent alone eating room service is common practice. When Anna found out that this was my first trip to Montreal and that I was there on my own, she went out of her way to make a full-day itinerary for me, covering day trips to museums and shopping, to the nightlife of eateries and clubs. She explained, and truthfully, that Montreal was a city to be experienced at all hours. She even made sure to call all the places I was visiting ahead of time to let them know that I was coming and to treat her guest exceptionally well. She even passed by to see me during dinner to make sure that my day had gone well. It had, and very well in fact. As soon as I was back home, I booked another trip back to Montreal in 2 months time.Well, was I shocked to learn that upon arrival in Montreal, Anna was no longer working at Le Godin. What's more, her entire position had been eliminated. A concierge was deemed as &quot;not necessary&quot; at this chic hotel, where clients expect a high level of service (as confessed by one of the remaining staff). Long gone is the specialized attenton to each customer. Long gone is the much-needed advice and suggestions offered on the beautiful city of Montreal. Long gone are the kind words and pleasant smiles of Anna. It is safe to say that my second trip to Montreal fell far short of my first visit. This second encounter has not soured my taste for Montreal, but the same can't be true for Le Godin. Without Anna, this boutique hotel falls short on all points, especially customer service. The new management, which swept in and eliminated Anna and her position, has buried itself in quick sand. As a travel writer, whose job it is to make recommendations on where to stay in international cities, I am stating to you, as I did to my colleagues, family and friends, save yourself the trouble of bad service and foolish management and don't stay at Le Godin. The Comfort Inn would be a better bet, in my opinion. My mission, since the day I found out that Anna was no longer at this hotel, is to find her and take all my business to her new employer. Stay tuned for my next entry... I'll let you know where this jewel of a concierge is hiding.	
May 31 2006 	Cool but things you should know.....no booze!	The Godin is designed as a cool, boutique style (read dark wood, polished concrete and fresh white linen) hotel, and it works on that level. The reception area is airy and welcoming, but we had read about the famous 'in room check in' and there was no sign of it despite the hotel not being too busy. The rooms are spacious with really comfortable beds, but no tea or coffee facilities and the wireless access didn't work in my room.Breakfast is pretty good - toast, cheese, fruit, fresh bread and pastries - but the bran muffins weren't at all tasy and they frequently ran out of coffee, juice and eggs through not topping up often enough. There's a funky looking bar and sound system, and a terrace where you can take breakfast.Now for the downside - they 'forgot' to collect my dry cleaning before the 9am deadline (despite my calling down) and as a result I had to chase to get my still dirty clothes returned before checking out the next day. No acceptable apology from housekeeping, although the guy who returned them was clearly embarrassed. My Canadian clients had arranged for a gift to be in our room on arrival, and it wasn't delivered to the room until 11.30pm at night. Having just got off a UK flight, it wasn't fun to be woken up by unsolicted room service! Finally - and importantly - they have no alcohol license! No-one in the hotel mentions it, either when booking or when you're there, but there's only a soft drink mini bar and no way of purchasing wine, beer, anything. My Canadian clients informed me that the owners couldn't get a license, and that it was a bit of a standing joke accross the city that this cooler than cool hotel was dry!All in it's a nice hotel, but service isn't quite right yet and they should really be telling people about the bar absence. You've been warned.....!	
May 26 2006 	Very dark and gloomy	I was bumped to the Hotel Godin for a conference I was attending at the Congress Center. It is not really close to the Palais de Congrais/Congress Center. I think you need to be a person who likes this type of hotel to enjoy it. Good points: The beds are VERY comfortable thought. The staff is nice as well.Bad points: The walls in the bedroom are dark grey to light black. Everything in the hotel is various shades of grey. I found it depressing and hard to see in the room at night. No coffee maker, no iron, no lobby store if you forget something. I don’t think I’d stay there again as it was to dark for my liking.	
May 21 2006	Charming classy	It's not often we find boutique hotels that are cool without being cold, but Hotel Godin is it. We stayed in the basic room with kng size bed, which was spacious, airy, superbly designed, and wonderfuly comfortable. The included continental breakfast was great, and the espresso machine in the lobby with complimentary pound cake was a welcome sight after a long trip The staff were all utterly gracious, competent, and helpful. Add to this the perfect location, and we'll definitely be back over and over and over again.	
Apr 29 2006	Nice Hotel	Clean very modern room. Very nice and recommended. Not a big business hotel, small with character.	
Mar 27 2006	Fabulous.	I simply loved this hotel. It was chic, simple, stylish and perfect for a weekend getaway with the girls. I came with my best friend the other weekend and adored the room, the service (the concierge is the best thing that ever happened to us!) and the overall ambience. We partied all night at the Globe Restaurant down the street and had a great time. The next morning, the breakfast was the perfect hangover cure. It was the best I've seen at a hotel so far.For two girls who work in fashion publishing from New York, this hotel was a perfect answer for a few fabulous nights of partying in Montreal. I would think it to be Montreal's SoHo Grand or maybe the Mercer...its in a really trendy area that seemed to be close to everything that was worth seeing.	
Mar 1 2006 	Elegant Boutique Hotel!	Our room was exceedingly stylish. Attention to details such as creative lighting, a very comfortable bed, dark warm colours for winter mixed with large mirrors and windows for light, all contributed a very balanced and comfortable -not to mention aesthetically pleasing- interior. We wish the bathroom had a bathtub and not just a (albeit beautiful) shower: it's cold in Montreal and we would have liked to immerse ourselves to thaw. We got a good deal on the hotel room online and so price versus quality was really quite astounding at the Godin: that is one reason we rate this hotel excellent and not simply above average. The service at the hotel was discreet (in a European invisible hand way) and very helpful when we asked for advice on Montreal life and where to go out. The location is excellent. We especially enjoyed two nearby restaurants: Au Pied de Cochon and L'Express. It's worth mentioning that the Godin feels a little unfinished -partly because their bar has not yet opened: it is a beautiful space. I hope it's open next time we're in Montreal -we'll be staying at the Godin.	
Feb 21 2006	Great boutique hotel though not perfect	Wanted to stay at a boutique hotel in Montreal with my significant other - lots of choice of course, but wanted good value as well. Found Hotel Godin at $140/night for Friday and Saturday night which seemed like a steal and read great things about the history and design of the hotel and rooms.The positives:- Good amenities in the room: nice bathrobes, modern flat screen TV (24&quot;)- Decor was very modern / trendy with deep colors, but still comfortable- Privilege (standard) room was large enough and comfortableThe negatives:- Service was hit-or-miss. Half the time there was no bellman at the door and we had to wait / look for him. Also the staff did not respond to a request for additional towels and glasses, claiming that &quot;the hotel was quite busy&quot;. All in all, staff could have been friendlier, but service was not terrible- Lighting in the rooms is not great, as others have mentionedOverall, we were quite happy with the stay. It is a hotel with quite a lot of style. In fact, I would say that the rooms have a similar style to those at a W Hotel.	
Nov 30 2005	Country Gal Loses Her Heart to Montreal	As a first-time tourist to Montreal, all I can say is thank you to Hotel Godin for making my stay so absolutely fabulous. When I had first thought about vacationing in Montreal, I was planning on staying at one of the bigger hotel chains, such as the Holiday Inn or the Sheraton. But then I saw an advertisement of Hotel Godin in a magazine, and decided to go for a more intimate experience. I am so happy I did so! The rooms are stylish, the location to restaurants and nightlife is phenomenal... But the most impressive part of my experience was the staff. After speaking with the concierge and the front-desk staff, I abandoned my pre-arranged schedule of must-see tourist sites, and listened to their suggestions instead. They were able to tell me about events and places to visit that I never would have found on my own. Friendly, knowledgeable and generous, everyone at Hotel Godin went above and beyond in providing me with the best service. I will definitely come back to Montreal in the future, and the only hotel I would ever consider staying at is the Hotel Godin.	
Nov 21 2005	Has potential	This hotel is very beautiful and has a lot of potential, but........ The doorman &quot;forgot&quot; to bring our luggage to our room after we checked in, whenever we wanted a tea or coffee from the lounge there were no clean mugs or water (and there were certainly no nibblies either), our internet connection and the pay movie channels were not set up for us leading to 30 minute wait, lightbulbs were burnt out in one of the lamps, the mini-bar was broken and wouldn't open, no wine glasses, corkscrew, iron, or ironing board in room, hard time getting a hold of reception or valet service, and a few times the doorman just stood near the door looking at us (without opening the door)as we were entering the hotel leading to an awkward entrance LOL. It got to the point where we were never surpised when something went wrong. Seems like they took staff from their restaurants to run the hotel.That said, the room and bathroom, although dark, were very clean and nice, the breakfast was great, we loved the &quot;Fresh&quot; toilletries, the location is excellent, and the gym is nice touch. I realize that the things I am complaining about are very menial (I'm by no means a princess), but you expect a certain amount of service and attention to detail when you are staying at a hotel such as this. I would not stay there again only because I have stayed at what is considered their competition (many of them) and had better service.........and I could see myself in their bathroom mirrors!).	
Nov 4 2005	beautiful hotel	this is an excellent hotel. striking design. comfotable rooms. central to both the Latin Quarter and Downtown.they do not have a liquor license yet which they are up front about. some articles have errounesoubly mentioned the drinks they serve.	
Nov 4 2005	Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Godin for four nights. We had searched on Trip Advisor before booking and were pleased that we chose this hotel.Our first impressions were very good - friendly receptionist - helpful porter - great location.Our room was very spacious, comfortable and clean and the bathroom was amazing with a large walk in shower and plenty of fluffy towels. We had one disappointment when after two peaceful evenings the neighbouring room was occupied by a couple of very noisy women - waking us up in the early hours on their return from clubbing! We did complain to reception and they moved us to another room.Breakfast was excellent with a varied choice of cereal, fruit, bread, pastries, tea, coffee and fruit juice. An endless supply of bottled water was available and if you are able to return to the hotel late afternoon, small nibbles are supplied with tea and coffee in the reception.We found the staff to be polite and helpful and would stay here on a return trip to the City. It is in an excellent location for exploring the city and the old town is only a short walk away.	
Oct 10 2005	Fun if you're not looking for hominess!	We stayed for a night and knew we were expecting contemporary. It's pretty stark and dark in the rooms but comfortable. The bathroom was very cool with purple glass tiles and black shower. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was yummy with french pastry, fruit and cheese. The only thing I wasn't keen on was how dark things were. The lighting to the lower level bathrooms was so dark you had to run your hand on the walls so you knew where you were going. Otherwise the visit was fun.	
Sep 27 2005	The right hotel in the right location	Three friends and I stayed at Hotel Godin for three nights. I would echo the broad theme laid out by all the other reviewers: superb location, attentive/professional service, great rooms, no restaurant/bar yet, stylish, access to trendy bar/lounge/restaurant clubs. Location: the corner of Sherbrooke and St. Laurent turns out to be really a very central location. It is 1 - 15 minutes away from the Latin Quarter, the Village, Chinatown. While we walked to the Old Port area -- most people will probably want to take the Metro or taxi. However, the Old Port area was incredibly touristy -- the equivalent of Times Square in New York City. Sherbrooke and St. Laurent was the equivalent of Tribeca/Soho in New York City. Lots of interesting restaurants, micro-breweries, lounges, clubs and bars -- mostly attended by locals of various ages and interests. We were 5 minutes walk to Schwartz Deli -- which is Montreal's very effective response to New York's Katz's Deli. Hotel service: The four of us came from all over the U.S. at various time. The hotel staff was very careful to remember our preferences, arrival times and helped us coordinate. After we had already &quot;used&quot; our rooms (towels, etc.), we had decided to get two adjoining rooms -- the hotel staff looked into it and immediately accomodated us. While I usually find it extremely creepy staying at hotels where the staff is better looking and better dressed/groomed than the guests, Hotel Godin was the rare exception where everyone was really friendly. Great rooms: Stylish rooms with great bathrooms. The beds were extremely comfortable. LCD tv. Endless flow of free bottled water. Only complaint I would have was the rooms were a little dark and there was no bath tub. As others have mentioned, there was extremely nice space for a bar and restaurant, but they were not opened. I really hope they get to open them soon.Access to restaurants: Montreal has a few restaurants that turn into dance clubs as the night progresses -- a very neat and fun concept. As we were going to various bars, the bartenders mentioned a couple of places to us: Gogo Lounge (not a strip club!), Myst, Cafe Buona Notte, Globe, Time Supper Club. We went to three of these. It turned out Buona Notte, Globe and Time Supper Club were all owned by Godin. There were huge lines of very beautiful people everywhere, but to my huge surprise (being a cynical New Yorker) the doormen escorted us in at the very front right away at every place when we mentioned we were from Godin.Overall, great experience at Godin (and Montreal). We got a phenomenal price through Expedia ($165/night) but I would be willing to pay a lot more when I come back to Montreal again during Jazz fest. I only hope we can get a room then.	
Sep 22 2005	Great location hip rooms 	A fun hotel with friendly staff in a hip area. It would be nice if there was a bar - but the extensive complimentary breakfast made up for it! The gym is small, but really all you need for vacation.	
Sep 20 2005	Very beautiful!	Wonderful hotel with modern decoration. A bit expensive but worth it.	
Sep 18 2005	Wonderful hotel in the best location in Montreal!	I've never written one of these reviews before, but after my stay at the Hotel Godin, I felt compelled to. My husband and I just spent two nights there. We usually stay in the Loews Vogue, and have stayed in the Residence Inn downtown. The location of this hotel and the quality of service both make it better than the others. Hotel: At the Vogue, I've encountered plenty of snobbiness (maybe because my husband and I are young; I don't know). At the Hotel Godin, everyone was incredibly friendly from the moment I checked in until the moment I checked out. The Privilege King is a great room; ask for a room with a tub--it's very deep and plenty of room for two. The King bed is so comfortable; the pillows are incredibly soft. There is not a lot of counter space in the bathroom (none really--you have to improvise with the little stand next to the sink). The toilet is in a separate small room from the Shower and tub, which is a good idea. Even though I think the hotel was fairly crowded, it felt like we were the only ones in the entire hotel. It was quiet (except I could hear very late-night revelers outside my 4th floor window, but I didn't care). My laptop didn't pick up a wireless signal, but we purchased it through the TV for 9.95 for 24 hours. Neither the bar nor the restaurant is currently open (as of 9/18). The free breakfast is nice--fruits, cereals, breads, assorted cheeses, croissants, etc. Parking is 24 (CAD). Location: half a block from Rue St. Laurent, with plenty of non-tourist trap restaurants (unlike those restaurants surrounding the area of Loews and the Residence Inn). Maestro SVP was a great seafood bistro; we also ate at Pizzedelic. You hear French a lot more in this area of Montreal, but everyone we encountered spoke English as well. I just arrived home, and I'm already looking into staying there in November. My husband and I had a fantastic time there. I've never encountered a nicer staff. Not even a hint of snobbery. Tip: book thru expedia, as it seems they have the best rates (a lot cheaper than my quotes from orbitz or the hotel). You will not regret staying here!	
Sep 17 2005	Great Location - keep reading	Let’s get this straight – Overall, the hotel is lovely and modern - like a photo spread from Wallpaper. (If you don’t know what Wallpaper is, you probably will not appreciate the décor and should take particular note of the following paragraphs).The moment I walked in to the hotel, I appreciated what the owners were trying to do and I was very comfortable. However, the hotel holds itself out as being in a very select league and when you play in the big leagues….well, you know.From reading the hotel website, I had a certain picture in my mind – that expectation was not met. I was hoping for a boutique modern Schrager-esque hotel run like a Swiss watch – that did not happen.The Hotel Godin in a brief description: “A modern Schrager-esque hotel run like my grandpa’s railroad watch”While the spits and putters of the hotel (and my mixed metaphors) did not destroy the experience - I would say that this “wine is being served before its time” and the hotel needs to breathe a little before I come back.A few issues:Under-staffedUnder-soundproofed for street noiseNo bar. No liquor license.No restaurant.Don't let the website fool you - just Google &quot;liquor license and Hotel Godin&quot; and you will see that after putting $30 million in renovations, the owners of the hotel have not been permitted to obtain a liquor license - because their other properties have a history of liquor-law violations.So while you can go to the W and lounge and party in the lobby bar and eat in the hotel's restaurant - at the Godin you are stuck with empty space.For some people that would be fine - they like peace and quiet....But please note where this Hotel is located. The corner of Sherbrooke and St. Laurent is ground-zero for nightlife (think Rush and Division in Chicago) and if you did not know that before you stayed in the hotel - you will know the first night when the horn honking and drunken revelry sings through your windows.The positive side of location, location, location is that you can walk to an assortment of cafes, coffee houses, restaurants, bars and wander back home to the Hotel Godin with no fear of getting lost - you are truly in the middle of the action.The downside of the lively street life is that when the lights go out and before the Xanax kicks in, if you close your eyes really hard, it still sounds like you have camped-out in the hotel’s backyard (or you left the windows open)….I am not sure if I slept for more than one uninterrupted hour at a time due to the noise.The next problem.. strike that: the next “issue”....the staff. Let me clarify: The staff is wonderful!! Nice, suave, polite, etc... The problem is the &quot;understaff&quot; - you see because the hotel is not fully up-and-running - the hotel is severely “understaffed”.As frequent Montreal travelers know - there is a flat fee from the airport for transport to the city. About $30 for a taxi and $50 for a limo (Town Car). The limo driver got lost because for some reason no taxi driver or limo driver knows about the hotel - the point is: We were dropped off on the side of the hotel and stood outside for 10 minutes waiting for someone to help us with the bags - there was no one &quot;on duty&quot;. We schlepped all of the bags inside to reception and had to lug our bags to our room. The nice reception lady (girl) was about 5' tall and weighed 100 lbs wet – Do you think I was going to ask her to carry the bags?? Even if she had offered - which she didn't - I was not going to play the colonial governor, so I lugged all of the bags myself.Later in the stay, doormen sporadically appeared, a wonderful concierge appeared and overall the experience was wonderful....Wonderful but &quot;one-off&quot; - and until they get their act completely together I am going back to the W. With all that aside however, the hotel is really ABOVE-average, but it is not excellent.... and I am afraid that with this price-point only the excellent survive.	
Aug 30 2005	great hotel in great location		
Aug 22 2005	Had an amazing time at Hotel Godin.		
Aug 18 2005	Absolutely dreamy		
Aug 11 2005 	Great customer service after a sleepless night		
Jul 4 2005	Great Hotel Great Staff Great Location		
Jun 12 2005 	great location surprisingly good decor		
May 27 2005	Godin = tres chic		
Mar 15 2005 	Godin / aka good in parts?		
Mar 11 2005 	From top to bottom a fantastic Hotel!		
Jan 23 2005	Hotel Godin is Heaven. Definitely kicks the W's butt!		
Jul 18 2009 	adapté		
Apr 28 2008 	WOW !!!! Expérience unique...		
