Nov 19 2009 	Excellent Value and Location	My wife and I recently stayed here for a conference. My conference was at the Sheraton Centre Ville, but I was much happier to stay in the old city, as there were more restaurants and nightlife in this part of town. Montreal is such a compact city, that walking into the financial center from this hotel was only 15-20 minutes. For those planning to stay in the downtown central core/financial district, it seems to largely shut down at night. The hotel had an excellent free wine and cheese service 5-7 pm and a large breakfast buffet for free. The staff were always helpful. We had a 5th floor room, with excellent up to date furnishings and a huge bathroom/jacuzzi tub. My only complaint about the room was not enough lighting. Considering the location, freebies, and excellent style, it was a bargain.	
Nov 19 2009 	Nice hotel great location.	I spent two night in a king comfort room. My room had a fireplace which was electric so more just a decorative space heater than a fireplace but interesting element to the room. The space was large including the bathroom and shower. The decor in my room was modern bit felt a bit dark to me. I saw another room by the elevator that had exposed brick walls which looked more inviting than the decor in my room. The lobby of the hotel is beautiful and the staff is extremely nice and helpful. My only negative experience was with one room service order that they lost and it took a second call and a full hour from the original call to get the order but it was an error by the restaurant AX more than the hotel. All other room service orders we easy and fine. There is a fire station near the hotel and one night it was silent, another night three sirens went off as the truck left on a call. I was not bothered by this since I already live in a noisy city but some people may have an issue with it. In fairness the sirens are not blaringly loud and all in all I would book another stay at this hotel.	
Nov 19 2009 	Everything a hotel should be.	Special thanks to Rene, the fabulous concierge, who faxed all my tickets to me in NY, as I had left them behind in my room. Ask for daily updates of what is on in Montreal, printed direct from his computer. Computers with internet available to all. Rooms are clean, comfortable and the service is fabulous. Location is great. Price is a bit high, but worth it.Highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 6 2009 	Thank you for the wonderful experience	I stayed at Le Place d'Armes Hotel for 3 nights in October 2009. This hotel embodies Montreal - ultracool and sleek, while maintaining its roots in Old World charm. All of my friends who stayed here were equally impressed. Unlike other reviewers, I encountered only the warmest and most inviting service. Everyone was more than willing to go out of their way just to make things more convenient and comfortable for me. I had a flawless experience and will definitely stay there again. Merci!	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Service Beautiful Room Ideal Location Montreal . oui oui	Had a Great Time , there , great Service , friendly and classy employee	
Oct 26 2009 	Extremely Impressed	I heartily endorse the many positive reviews of the Place d'Armes on Tripadvisor: this is simply one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at in 30 years of business travel. In my experience, a key indicator of what makes a good hotel is the reception you receive upon your arrival. At the Place d'Armes, there was no wait for check-in, and the front-desk staff are professional and efficient: you can tell that they have been carefully recruited and trained. (And dare I say that your language has no influence on how you are treated. ) As noted in other recent reviews, the hotel is sleek and modern; the rooms are large and luxurious; and the complimentary buffet breakfast is very good. I will definitely visit the Place d'Armes in the future.	
Oct 13 2009 	Tres bon!!	If you enjoy staying in an upscale hotel that has great rooms, helpful staff &amp; a convienant location look no further than Le Place d'Armes Hotel. My wife and I had the occasion to stay here over the Columbus day weekend and thought it was the best hotel we have ever had the pleasure to stay in. The rooms were well appointed, the bathroom was super with a wonderful walk in shower and the exposed brick wall gave the room a warm comfortable feeling from the moment you enter. Breakfast (included in our room fee) included select juices, hot &amp; cold cereals,fresh fruit, breads/muffins/bagels and coffee. We had a nightly complimintary wine and cheese offered in the bar (one wine per person per night) which we availed ourselves to on only one night as we were out on the town. We stayed in building #3, which was very quiet (I have read some reports here about the nightclub being very noisy at night...which is located in building #1) The Place d'Armes was located a block up from Notre Dame cathedral, and a short walk to old Montreal and the metro. We got an all day pass on the subway($9.00 per person)and was able to cover much of the town during our stay. Check out the Jean Talon farmers market, the bioreserve located in the old Olympic grounds and St. Joesph's cathedral for some interesting points of visits.	
Oct 12 2009 	Excellent Boutique Hotel downtown Montreal	I really enjoyd the hotel. Nice rooms with a mixture of old and design new. The hotelrooms were brilliant, good location, excellent breakfast, perfect beds.	
Oct 9 2009 	Elegant comfort in an ideal location.	We enjoyed a 2-day stay at Place D'Armes before boarding Holland America's Maasdam for a 7-day cruise from Montreal to Boston. The hotel's location is a short walk to Notre Dame Basilica; we could and did walk to all sites of interest in Old Montreal. We also took a 3-hour Gray Line tour to see places of interest in other parts of the city. Our room was spacious with fine old-world touches. All staff were personable and helpful. There were computers for guest use, without charge. A nice plus was an included breakfast with good choices to start our days.In the photo of the hotel exterior, notice the red umbrellas on the top floor. This was a restaurant/bar with marvelous views, open from noon into the evening -- another nice plus.	
Oct 8 2009 	Simply the best!	Great location, sumptuous rooms,excellent service, good food &amp; wine. Complimentary breakfast every day and wine &amp; cheese in the evening	
Oct 8 2009 	Great boutique hotel	We were very pleased with the hotel. We were upgraded due to my membership with Tablet Plus, which put us in a large, executive suite. Great exposed brick, comfy bed, big tvs, awesome bathroom, half bath, etc. Only issues were the clock radio didn't work, our maid did not come back to clean our room one day, the safe broke, and the shower/towel rack fell down. Otherwise the rooftop bar, downstairs restaurant and bar are very cool. It's also an excellent location to the metro.	
Sep 28 2009 	Long on slick short on charm	I suppose it just wasn't my cup of tea. Very slick and chic, but cold, cold, cold. Lots of hard, smooth surfaces in public area. Dimly lit corridors and room. Very noisy in breakfast room. Maybe my unpleasant concierge experience colored my view: after a day of travel and settling into the room, we asked for casual dinner recommendations in the area. The concierge made a computer entry, then took a phone call which involved him chatting, then opening an envelope and counting out the money inside of it while we were standing and waiting. I finally had to say &quot;excuse me, but could you just point us in a direction? We're hungry!&quot; He looked surprised and handed us two printouts. That said, the room was spacious and beautifully appointed, though on the dark side. The bathroom ( again dark ,with black tiles) was nevertheless, huge and luxurious. Room service was prompt. It seemed a perfect hotel for a business trip, but could use some warmer accents, in my opinion. The location was excellent, a block from metro stop, but there are other hotels in the old Montreal area that looked more charming to me.	
Sep 18 2009 	Swanky hotel with a great location.	I went with my wife here off-season so the room price was great relative to the summer rates. The location is perfect if you want to stay near the old part of Montreal and it isn't too far to the subway and is a reasonable walk to Blvd Levesque. The room was flawless. Perfect bed and furniture. Rain shower in the huge bathroom. The hotel bar was a cool place to relax after exploring the city. Comparable to a W hotel in terms of style and ambience.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great Service Here- Enjoyable Stay	My wife and I stayed at the Place d' Armes Hotel and Suites for 4 nights as part of a business meeting at the Convention Center, which is only a stone's throw away (nice). The service throughout our stay was great. The staff was friendly and eager to please us. We asked lots of questions on directions, restaurants, parking, whatever and couldn't shake this staff. I especially appreciated Henri at the front desk who more often than not was the &quot;lucky man&quot; for my numerous inquiries and idle chat about his city. More Things we like about the Pd'A: The location on the edge of Old Montreal and still close to the Metro station one block away at the convention center. The Gym on the 5th floor where I couldn't get the HDTV to work in the gym and call the front desk. A staff member was there in one minute apologizing for the TV not working when he knew the snafu was caused by my own hi-tech incompetance. The evening wine and cheese; a very nice gesture and a great place to relax after a busy day. Ditto for the free continental breakfast in Suite 701 with plenty of breads, cereals, fresh fruit to fill everyone except a hungry lumber-jack. I liked that there were always fresh apples in the gym and lobby; The Roof Top Bar was trendy and unexpectedly classy with a great view of Notre Dame Basilica; A working Wi-Fi with a stong signal everywhere on premises; The bed which my wife said was one of the most comfortable she had ever slept-in; general upkeep and cleanliness everywhere.Things that could have been better at the Pd'A: We stayed in Building 2 and had no exposed bricks on any the charm in other rooms noted in these reviews. We paid for a deluxe suite and felt the room was really a standard/superior room; I was disappointed the hotel didn't give us a nicer room considering I told them it was a &quot;major anniversary&quot; at the time of booking; the the fireplace didn't work for reasons unknown; the jet tub wouldn't hold water due to a leaky drain rendering it totally useless during our stay; the huge overhead shower didn't work well due to low water pressure; the room lighting was too dim for our liking. These items only slightly downgraded our stay.If you are staying in Montreal for a convention or there for leisure, I highly recommend you stay in Old Montreal. We visited a number of other downtown hotels during our stay, which were similar to what you find in any big city. The charm of Old Montreal can't be beat and I have no reservations recommending the Place d' Armes to anyone looking for a classy and trendy hotel near everything.	
Aug 31 2009 	Really can't fault this hotel	We stayed at the Place d'Armes for 3 nights in late August. We had a very good experience: the hotel is modern, comfortable and makes for a very good retreat from the city. Our room (the cheapest option) was a good size, neutrally decorated with dark wood furniture and bare brick walls, with a comfortable queen sized bed. The bathroom was large, with a full-sized bathtub, an over-bath shower, plenty of storage space for toiletries and a really strong hairdryer. Complimentary toiletries were from the inhouse 'Rainspa'. Each morning, a good continental breakfast was provided: very fresh fruit salad, bagels and toast, croissants, yoghurts, cereals and juice. The hotel has a popular restaurant and a bar attached to it, neither of which we tried. We did have a drink in the rooftop bar which wasn't as swish as I had expected - there are nicer places for a drink very close by.There was free wifi access in the room and two terminals for internet access in the foyer (one with a printer attached). The hotel is right in the centre of Old Montreal (directly opposite the cathedral) and well-located for train and bus connections. Overall, we were impressed and I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a comfortable and stylish place to stay in Montreal.	
Aug 27 2009 	Good Hotel in Old Montreal	Stayed for 4 nights in the Old Montreal section in this hotel that is only 1 block away from the Notre Dame Basilica and about 3 to 4 blocks from the waterfront area and all the streets for restaurants and shops. With taxes included the price was approx $200 per night and we thought it was a good value due to the great location. Parking your car runs $21 per night. The hotel is an older building but it is well maintained. Our room was large and the staff was very accommodating, Every day your stay includes a free continental breakfast (bagels, breads, muffins, fresh fruit, etc.) that was very good and every evening from 5 to 7 pm you have a free wine, cheese and french bread reception. Both are a nice touch and add to the value of your stay. The hotel has an open air roof top bar serving a light food menu and there is also a full service restaurant in the hotel. If you are visiting Old Montreal for a taste of French Canadian hospitality this is definitely worth considering. We always stay a 4 star plus hotels and resorts and we were happy with this choice. We booked through hotels.com.	
Aug 27 2009 	Style comfort and location	It’s nice to walk into a hotel room and be impressed! Both the size and the decor of our room at the Hotel Place d’Armes were exceptional. The furniture was large, dark,and metro-modern, and the soft furnishings were plush and comfortable. The bedroom had a large sitting area with a sofa and an easy chair, plus an electric fireplace -- not as tacky as it sounds, and it offered both heat and charm on a winter evening. The bath fittings were sleek and modern, and the shower stall was larger than most hotel bathrooms. High ceilings in both rooms made them feel even more spacious. My only reservation is that the lighting was a little too low and dramatic -- it was rather difficult to read in the sitting area. The hotel was converted from three historic commercial buildings; the coversion maintains the charm of the old architecture while adding a definite urban-modern style. Service at the front desk was always cheerful and helpful. The restaurants recommended at the front desk were exceptionally good. A decent continental breakfast (pastries, cereal, yogurt, fresh fruit salad) and an evening wine-and-cheese reception was included with the room. Hot breakfast was available at an additional cost. Hotel Place d&quot;Armes is on the edge of Old Montreal, just across a park from the Church of Notre Dame. The restaurants, bars, shops, and museums of Old Town are a short downhill stroll (even in the dead of winter it was very do-able).NEARBY: For a great dinner, try Le Petit Moulinsart, about four blocks from the hotel. The restaurant specializes in mussels, but every dish we tried was excellent. The chef went out of his way to accommodate the vegan among us; she said her meal was absolutely outstanding.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great location dirty hotel disinterested staff	We chose this hotel on the basis of other reviews on this website and the 2009 frommers guide. The location is great, very convenient for going anywhere, a Metro station is nearby, the Vieux Port and Vieux Montreal are a stroll.My problem was really about the cleanliness of the hotel and the general disinterest of the staff. We had booked a deluxe suite for our 3 night stay (we have two children). On arrival the room was not clean, the carpets had not been vacuumed and the sink in the main bathroom was not cleaned properly. I called reception and someone came to show me the room next door. The carpet there was the same so we opted to have housekeeping come and vacuum the original room as our children had already started settling in. The receptionist did not apologise and was not particularly interested in the problem.On observing the rest of the hotel it was clear that cleanliness is not a big thing here, most common areas were grubby and not well cared for.The general staff disinterest was not limited to the receptionist either. Servers at breakfast really were not happy to be there, no smiles, disgruntled looks when anything was asked for, everything was too much to ask for. Nobody ever addressed us when we entered the hotel either apart from once.I am not sure if I am asking too much but it doesn't cost anything to appear interested and it has put me off recommending this hotel so I guess that should be a problem for them. I wish we had found the hotel in all the reviews but unfortunately we did not.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great place to stay perfect location	We picked this hotel specifically for its location near to the Old Town. On arrival we were not disappointed as it was situated on a lovely historic square opposite a beautiful old church. The hotel is three buildings cleverly converted, but I unfortunately cannot remember which number part we stayed in. The communal areas were chic, clean and included great extras such as leather couches and a pool table. Every day wine and cheese is served, for which you receive a token. We were never around at the right time but they always let us have our wine later on return, although it wasn't exactly the best!The staff were helpful, and the breakfast in particular was very good. They put out a great spread of high quality items to choose from, and we found it a great way to start the day's sightseeing. We had a suite as this was all that was available. The room was fantastic, well appointed and cleverly decorated in a modern but warm style. The bathroom was large and clean, but the water pressure was not really up to the rainforest shower head and the jacuzzi tub sounded like a rocket taking off. They looked great but were really no more than gimmicks. However the shower was huge and there was a normal shower head to use, and the bath made for a relaxing soak with the bubbles off. We really enjoyed the seating area. One drawback was that the room was a little dark as the windows are near to another building. There was enough lighting to deal with this though.On leaving we declared all our mini bar items so I was pretty annoyed to find a charge on our card when we got home. However when I raised this by email with the manager it was refunded immediately. This is my only reason for a one rather than five star. Although a little disapointed by this behaviour, I am impressed with how they handled the situation.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great location great room. Friendly. Accomodating. Really liked our stay.	Overall, we were very pleased with our 6 night stay and we would stay again.The hotel is 3 adjoining buildings seamlessly created into one hotel. I read the negative reviews about noise (my biggest pet peeve) and was concerned, but the trick is simple - if you can, avoid staying in building one. Building one has the restaurant, the lounge and the rooftop terrace. We asked for a room in building three. It was quiet. Even facing the street it was quiet because that section of St. Jacques is not a through street, so there are not a lot of cars passing the hotel. To the side of building three there is an unused parking lot, and also across the street there is a little used parking lot, hence no loud partiers loitering outside restaurants or nightclubs on the sidewalks.Here is what we loved:Loved the contemporary decor.Loved the room size. The deluxe room was a terrific size, great for a couple staying a week. We had a couch, a leather chair, a dining table and chairs, and a desk. The room was big enough and well appointed that we never felt stir crazy during a whole week's stay.Loved the large bathroom. The soaking tub was large enough for both of us.Loved the location. Only a block from Rue Notre Dame and two blocks (if memory serves correctly) from Rue St. Paul. Super convinent to those busy streets full of restaurants, but it was WONDERFUL that we were not right on those busy streets. Also, 2 blocks the other direction was a metro stop, and that was convinent too.Loved the smattering of free-bies. The complimentary wi-fi, complimentary breakfast, complimentary wine and cheese cocktail hour, which has been be-littled by others in reviews complaining that it was only 1 glass of wine for example. But we felt this trio of complimentary offerings made us feel we were not being nickel'd and dimed to death. (Hey some places charge $ for wi-fi).Loved the roof terrace. Very pleasant atmosphere in summer, plus the music is not as loud as in the 701 lounge so you can actually hear your conversation.Staff was friendly. Except for one bartender, she was not nice.Below is what we didn't love (but we felt these were minor, were correctable, and do not diminish our opinion of the hotel):The TV is not high definition. Being used to watching hi-def at home, the characters on the TV just looked like blobs moving around (ok, that's an exageration).The down pillows smelled really bad. I requested a new down pillow, which arrived promptly. but even this new down pillow had the same stink. Next, we asked for all 5 down pillows to be swapped out for the &quot;lesser&quot; quality simulated down and a complete linen change (which was necessary anyway since my partner is allergic to down). This was done promptly and solved the smell 100%.When we checked out, as the clerk prepared our bill, he asked if we had had a Carlsberg beer from the mini-bar. We had not, so he didn't charge us for it, but it was disturbing because it made me wonder how that had gotten into our account because it was not true. Anyway, the important thing is that the front desk clerk was gracious and never even lifted a questioning eyebrow.The deluxe suite had 3 table/floor/hanging lamps plus 2 bedside lamps. The brightest of them all was one lone 40 watt bulb, the rest were 25 watts. The room was large and this was not enough light. I bought a pack of 100 watt bulbs at the corner store for $1.99 and that solved the cave-like lighting. Other people may not have the same perception of the situation. I'm picky about lighting. In a b&amp;b a few years ago, the lighting was too bright and I bought a pack of 40 watt bulbs to tone it down. So, yeah, it could just be me, and my personal wierdness.housekeeping wasn't always very good at keeping the number of bathroom towels up to par. One day after the room was cleaned, they didn't replace the washclothes (their standard is 3 per room and they didn't leave us even one). On another day, the bathmat was gone.2 nights out of the 6, housekeeping didn't provide turn-down service.in our room the wi-fi signal was poor. it worked, but was slow. I'm sure this is a room by room issue, depending on your room's proximity to the nearest router. I connected with an ethernet cable instead and it was nice and fast.	
Aug 22 2009 	Sophisticated boutique style hotel	Situated in the old town, close to metro station. Lovely stay at this hotel, rooms very comfortable and large with ensuite also. Had a couple of bar meals which were of very good quality. Staff very helpful and friendly. Would certainly recommend this hotel	
Aug 19 2009 	Excellent!	Great value for your money. Breakfast and wine and cheese were included. Excellent service. Great location! Would return, if we are ever in the area.	
Aug 11 2009	Will Go Back Again... and Again... and Again!!!	My wife and I got married at Place D'Armes in June of this year and spent two nights there. All I can say is amazing! The hotel staff was unbelievably amazing and made our day and stay simply perefct. Special thanks to Dawn who was simply remarkable. She helped us with the entire wedding (which was planned and pulled off perfectly all in just 3 weeks of planning).The staff at the front desk are courteous and willing to help with any and everything you may ask for. As mentioned in pervious reviews, there is free wine and cheese served during a select time during the first evening, but seeing as it was our wedding day, we didn't take advantage of it. The room we stayed in was 3303 (seperate room with king bed and flat screen tv, powder room, living room with another tv and dinning table in the corner, rain shower and jaccuzi tub in bathroom) was simply wonderful. We actually booked a smaller room, but the staff gave us the upgrade as a very nice gesture seeing as it was our wedding night. We received chocolate covered strawberries for our anniversary and sparkling water which was nice.The entire hotel's decor is stunning (I love the brick walls) and I didn't want to leave. We will be returning on our anniversary next year and plan to every year after that.	
Aug 8 2009 	C'est Bon! Lavish hotel... Wonderful Experience and Great Location.	This hotel was fantastic! It had a trendy, young, elegant vibe. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful, and the rooms were spacious and plush. Our room wasn't ready when we first checked in, so the front desk upgraded us to a nicer room that was ready, so that was awesome. The bar downstairs was fun, and they had a nice, complimentary wine and cheese reception in the evening and good continental breakfast in the morning. The location of the hotel was perfect! It was walking distance to the old port, the Notre Dame church, and pretty much everything else worth seeing in Montreal, including the metro station which gets you everywhere you want to be!	
Jul 21 2009 	Very friendly staff great value	Liked: good location to ol montreal and Metro. Hotel rooms really big and bathroom as well. I had a king room. Loved the roof top bar. Great to have breatfast included and wine/cheese in PM. Nice touch!!!Disliked-Dark rooms and furniture needs updating.	
Jul 16 2009 	Wonderful Base for Vieux Montreal	Great hotel with wonderful service, particularly at the front desk. We drove in from Quebec, and had planned to drop the car off at a rental location in the heart of the city. When we asked the concierge for directions, he said - don't drop it off there, there's too much traffic because of the Jazz Festival. He called another (closer) location, confirmed that they'd take the car and gave us great directions to it. He and the other concierges also gave us great recommendations for restaurants, and got us a reservation at one of the local hot Italian ones (I wasn't that crazy about it, but that wasn't his fault - it got high marks in Zagat as well.) The room was comfortable, there was plenty of light for reading in bed (our usual pet peeve) and there was a view of the basilica. My only minor complaint is that the wine at the complementary happy hour wasn't very good - but the continental breakfasts were delicious. The hotel is a great base for walking around Vieux Montreal, and is very close to the Metro for other excursions (go see the botanical gardens - well worth a day.)	
Jun 29 2009 	Best stay in Montreal to date	We had a one-night stay at the Hotel Place d'Armes in Montreal. We will definitely choose this hotel next time we are in town.With the exception of a very poor wi-fi connection in our room (which had us give up on the Internet for the duration of our stay), everything was perfect.The room was spacious with high ceilings with a nice view of the downtown area while not being too noisy whatsoever. Keep in mind the hotel is in Old Montreal, so there is a decent walk to be had if you want to hit the downtown shopping areas of St Catherine and St Denis. The staff was extremely friendly, courteous and helpful, and even added a special touch to our stay as it was my spouse's birthday. The spa is very decent too. All in all, the Hotel Place d'Armes gets an A+ ! Excellent stay!	
Jun 22 2009 	amazing deal at unbeatable location	I am a budget traveller with Beverly Hills taste, so I have a quest for finding the best possible deals at the lowest possible price. With the help of Tripadvisor -I don't leave home without it- I discovered this real gem after finding a fantastic rate with Priceline: US$130,00 a night with continental breakfast and wine and cheese evening hour included. The location can't be beat. Accross the street from Notre Dame Cathedral, 2 blocks from the subway station, walking distance to Old Montreal, China Town (no big deal), des Jardins Complex Mall , St Catherine St, in brief, the best of Monntreal is at your doorstep. Since we are explorers and don't spend a great deal of time in our rooms, be booked the standard room. Yes, as pointed out in other reviews it is in the smaller side, but it's so well appointed and functional -even elegant- that by no means we consider that to be a downside. Fluffy pillows, great mattress and comforter, good TV, a safety box, extra-clean, well-supplied bathroom with a lot of towels, a robe and high-quality toiletries. What else can one expect for such a great deal in such a great area?Breakfast and wine and cheese hour is served in the Suite 701 restaurant. It is continental breakfast, but with a good array of croissants, muffins, rolls, begels and cheese plus a really, really good coffee. The wine and cheese hour gives you the chance to enjoy a decent glass of wine and a variety of excellent Quebec cheeses while you meet other guests. I also like the 2 computers available for guests in the ground floor and last, but not least, the super-efficient and friendly front-desk crew, always ready to help you with any question or need you may have. Since everyone of the front-desk crew members were so attentive I just can't remember the names of all of them, but I remember Jose, the multilingual employee who was always ready to satisfy everyone of your needs promptly and with a big smile. Great job, Jose, thanks for everything.Overall, we were extremely happy with our stay. Le Place d'Armes deserves all the great reviews it received from other Tripadvisor members. And when I go back to Montreal, why bothering to shop around? I will just book with this wonderful hotel.	
Jun 9 2009 	Superior Experience	For that special trip with a loved one, this place can't be beat. While a little pricey, it offers a memorable experience. Located in the heart of Old Montreal, it is an easy walk to all the major tourist sites and restaurants. It is very convenient to the metro. Even with street repairs occuring during the day, the rooms were very quiet. All of the staff was very helpful. The toiletries come from the on-site spa and are very nice. We would definitely stay again if we return to Montreal.	
Jun 7 2009 	Nightmare in Montreal	We booked our dream vacation in Montreal through Expedia. We checked in at Le Place d'Armes with both of our names. The front desk clerk indicated that there was a problem with the reservation for nine nights. We were told that the reservation was only for seven nights. Despite our protestations to the contrary, we were forced to leave after seven nights. The nightmare worsened upon receipt of our credit card bills. We had been charged for two reservations--one for seven and one for nine nights. Before we arrived at the Hotel, we had confirmed with the Hotel personnel that there were not duplicate reservations (since there was confusion with Expedia). We attempted to resolve the dispute with both Expedia and the Hotel management. The hotel insisted on charging us for two stays. We cannot recommend such intransigent and duplicitous practices. While at the hotel, we complained about the mold in the bathroom of the first room we were assigned. Two days later we obtained another room which was lighter and more like the photos we had seen online. The breakfast each day was more like what one would receive in a low-end budget motel. The public rooms are very upscale, with trendy furnishings and decor. The staff is unfortunately not well trained and not customer-oriented. We have traveled around the world and never been treated so shabbily as at this hotel. Adding injury to insult, we were charged more than double for the hotel stay--with no support from Expedia.	
May 30 2009 	Best hotel for many reasons	Le Place d'Armes is without any doubt the best hotel in the $150-$200 price range. Its location is ideal for business and leisure as you're in the heart of the Financial district and a walking distance to the Old Port of Montreal. The hotel is just a block away from a subway station and facing a line-up of taxis.The service is very professional and amiable. I've never had any kind of problem although I stayed there more than 15 times in the last two years.The rooms, although all different, are very spacious and have a unique cachet of old building / new material. The bed is a real king-size bed and is very comfortable.A delicious breakfast, High-speed Internet, and an afternoon cheese-and-wine are all included, making this hotel my number one choice by far.I highly recommend this hotel to everyone looking for a comfortable stay, a luxurious setting, and a fabulous location.	
Apr 28 2009 	Beautiful upscale hotel in old town	Great hotel with excellent location in Old Town Montreal. Within walking distance of all of the historic areas, restaurants and shops. Nice continental breakfast and wine and cheese in the evening included. We were upgraded to an enormous suite--so comfortable. The service at the desk and of all personal was professional and friendly. Car parking was valet and a little expensive. Might have been able to find a less expensive lot with a little research.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Hotel and Location	Stayed at Le Place d'Armes a couple of times now and have been very pleased with each stay. Staff is great and polite. Room are in very good condition, with the beds and bathrooms being a highlight. Some of the electronics do need some updating (Like IPOD ready clocks and more lcd TV's), but overall a very good hotel. The food and bar are excellent on the first floor. Meet friends at the bar, and ended staying there two hours longer than planned before going out to the clubs.	
Apr 18 2009 	Trendy!	Got a great rate on a boutique hotel Web site. We met friends also traveling in Montreal and felt a bit embarrassed by / apologetic for what a nice place we had! Our room was large, and the bathroom was huge -- the shower, with a rainfall head, was practically big enough for two, and there was a deep whirlpool tub. We had plenty of towels. (Note to maids -- shampoo bottles, soaps have fallen behind the tub ... do a better check when you clean. But over all, the hotel is tidy.) There was turndown service and chocolates each night. Bathroom and sleeping quarters are a bit dimly lit, but nicely decorated, if almost a bit too trendy/contemporary/predictable. The bar attracts a young professional crowd and was very loud during our first-night wine / cheese sampling. The sampling, in fact, was held in a lower level that evening, but the sound carried. Breakfast in the bar was fresh and convenient. If I could find another great rate, I'd stay here again.	
Mar 29 2009 	Good location great staff Rainspa so-so	Right on the edge of Vieux Montréal, Place d'Armes is well located, within easy walking distance of the downtown core and a nearby métro station that will get you most everywhere else. The on-site restaurant, Aix Cuisine du Terroir, served up wonderful food and fantastic wines (although, I have to say that I have never really had a bad meal anywhere in Montreal). The cocktail hour on the rooftop bar, Aix La Terrasse, was a nice bonus and afforded stunning views of the urban scene. The front desk staff was exceptionally accommodating - props to Marie for getting last-minute train tickets to Quebec City for us and recommending a great restaurant in the Plateau. The room was very comfortable, clean and quiet, with a larger than expected bathroom and great amenities.The only downside, as mentioned by another reviewer, was Rainspa. Rather cramped, with few places to change clothes, it did not live up to its hype. The &quot;hammam&quot; was simply a steam room with a few shower heads. I think the idea is a fantastic one but a bit more effort could have been put into the execution. That said, a spa does not a vacation make, Place d'Armes has much more to offer, and I would definitely return on my next trip.	
Mar 6 2009 	Nice hotel but void the Rainspa	We stayed two nights at this lovely hotel in Feb.. The service was superb and all the staff that we accounted were very attentive. Unfortunately, bad experience happened in the Rainspa. Part of the attraction on their website was the spa service at very reasonable prices. With that kind prices, I did not expect services equals Mandarin Oriental or Aman Resorts, but neither did I expect the worst experience ever. The reception area was cramped. Other guests and I had to stand there waiting to be called. I booked a 60-minute facial and 60-minute body scrub. I was not given any robe to change, neither was covered by any towel during the treatment. It was rather bizarre and unprofessional. But these shortcomings are rather trivial comparing to cheating on the time. I was given only 40-minute facial, then was sent to the steam room. Had I not come out the steam room by myself, I think the &quot;esthetician&quot; would be happy that I stay there till the end of hour. For the second part of the treatment, she finished 15 minutes short. Luckily, each room, though dark, has a clock so I had sense of time. But I would imagine for most people in a treatment room, the last thing on mind is to track time.When I complained this to the receptionist, I was offered 25% discount as prorated charge. What surprised me later was the management's response on how I should feel properly compensated for the loss of the time of treatment because they offered me discount accordingly.When you are on a family vacation, you make proper arrangement to dedicated two hours on your wellness. They short changed you, giving some symbolic discount, then they think they are fair. This utter nonsense just shows you that THE RAINSPA DOES NOT understand. Sometimes, the employee's bad behavior is just the reflection of the management attitude.So my advice is, stay in the hotel, but forget about THE SPA unless you want to find out how bad it is yourself.	
Feb 12 2009 	love at first sight	We stayed at Le Place d'Armes last year and are looking forward to our second stay in a few weeks. I chose the hotel based on it's website, which I feel was refreshingly honest. The location is exceptional, across the street from the Notre Dame Basilica, shops and restaurants. The concierge was exceptional, he helped us find an amazing lounge and funky neighborhood fairs. The weather was gorgeous during our stay so we spent much of it on the hotel's rooftop terrace. My ONLY complaint is the few pesky bees that enjoyed the view (and my cosmo) as much as I did! Bottom line: We loved our room, the view, the location, the gym, the spa, the patio and the bar! FYI, leave the kids at home, they won't appreciate the glass, rainfall shower. Can't wait to return!	
Feb 11 2009	We were wrong. Not family-friendly.	Our first room had great expectations. Great linens, fine appointments in both lobby and room....We were wrong. It was terrible. With an 8 year old and 2 adults, you would think they would place us in an area far from the nightly rooftop lounge. Again, we were wrong. We were right next to the elevator, right next to the hallway to the lounge. Upon complaining of the ungodly hour that we still were hearing those many Happy Travellers, (and you have every right - it is your holiday!) we thought the staff would do something. We were wrong. Our first visit was horrid - 3 am and paper-thin walls. Would we ever go there again? You are right. NEVER. AGAIN.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great Room	Stayed in one of the Suites which we got using one of the major credit card upgrades. Amazing bathroom with rain shower and a large tub. Modern room, clean bathroom, great service, great beds and blankets. The only thing that it lacks it is a pool but it can be overlooked. Location is great, the old Montreal.	
Jan 15 2009	Great Stay in Montreal	This hotel is awesome. The rooms are huge, with spacious bathrubs and large showers. The bed was very comfortable. The minibar has a very wide selection including a selection of liquor more extensive than most hotels. The location is excellent. But I must say, best of all was the staff.Samia was by far the best front desk agent I've ever interacted with, and I work in a hotel in Manhattan. The staff was completely happy and willing to handle any task we asked of them...including obtaining us directions to the nearest store where we could buy french Monopoly, to the best restaurants in Old Montreal. An excellent staff, excellent location, and excellent property and amenities all in the same hotel are what really set a place like the Place D'Armes above and beyond the other options of where to stay when visiting Montreal.	
Dec 12 2008 	glamorous but slightly dated	Located in the beautiful 19th century waterfront area of the city (&quot;Vieux Montreal&quot;) the Place d'Armes is a successful make-over of several old commercial buildings dating from the late nineteenth, early twentieth century. It is much frequented for office parties and business meetings, and its ground floor is well designed for the purpose. The rooms/suites are capacious, bathrooms are very well designed and beds are comfortable. Looking over the hotel, one would place it at about the height of early nineties style, cool verging on cold. But if you are going to place yourself in the height of fashion, you'd better keep up, and there signs that the hotel is becoming ever so slightly dated if not unfocused. Paint is flaking off chairs and on the occasional corner, and the staff while mostly very jolly and helpful, does not seem to be under central command.	
Nov 23 2008 	A fabulous boutique hotel in old Montreal!	Attended a conference in Montreal and this was one of the four recommended hotels. It definitely was the best of them all. Had a great double room, sharing with a colleague in the 2nd building, and loved the complimentary wine and cheese, wireless internet and continental breakfast in the morning.The staff were exceptionally helpful and gracious. One night after having a late nightcap in the lounge, I left my gloves on one of the banquettes. Upon returning to my room, I received a call from one of the staff in the lounge and within minutes someone was at our room with the forgotten gloves.Can't wait to return to Montreal and to Place D'Armes!The only downside was hearing loud music one night from one of the nightclubs outside. We were on the 5th floor and could still hear it. The only problem in a great stay.	
Nov 17 2008 	Perfect location and ambience	You can't get any better location, service, breakfast, or atmosphere than this hotel. We can't wait to go back! The bed was so comfy I actually ordered their sheets (never done that before!), the rooms preserved their historic past with hardwood floors and enormous window seats--but the furnishings were simple modern chic. Huge bathroom! We felt very luxurious, but the price is reasonable for the city. Breakfast was amazing--the best croissants and bread and fruit and yogurt and cereal . . . we stuffed ourselves so much we barely wanted the wine and cheese at the evening reception (but it was free, so we went and enjoyed the surprisingly good wine!)They're located right next to a metro station, which is great for getting to the gorgeous, massive Botanical Gardens and to other places we didn't have time to see--next time! You can't hear the metro at all, and we could see the Cathedrale across the Square/Piazza/Place from us--nice view! Lovely soundproofed windows in the rooms--hotel very quiet despite the room right next door containing a family with young kids--we were surprised to see them coming back from bkfst, never heard a peep inside the room. Hubby borrowed a CD from the front desk to play in the room's cd player--nice touch. And after dinner one night, we asked the front desk person where to buy water--he told us everything was closed, but he went and brought us back several bottles of water for us to take with us the next day on a bike ride! (We used the tasty faucet water in the room to refill them). Highly recommend the bike ride along the Lachine Canal up to the Lachine Market. The farmer's markets here are amazingly stocked and if you ask the vendors what an unknown fruit or veggie is, they let you taste it! And the bread is delicious everywhere you go. Back to the hotel (sorry for the tangent): they have great lounges with free pool tables and a fire in the fireplace (yes, even in August--it was for looks only) and flat screen tvs and neat modern sofas. The spa looked nice, as did the rooftop bar--great views of the city and plenty of people watching! The breakfast room is gorgeous: ornate mouldings from the original bank building, tall tall ceilings--lovely setting. Seriously, this place is wonderful, and a 5-minute walk to train station, 10-minute scenic walk to Vieux Montreal and the waterfront. Enjoy!(Sorry no photos--had to delete from camera cuz ran out of memory while at the gardens!)	
Nov 7 2008 	A great stay for a fabulous weekend.	We booked this hotel after reading all the glowing reviews on this boutique hotel from fellow Tripadvisors. From the moment we walked in until the last moment we stepped out of the hotel the stay here was absolutely enjoyable. The hotel is in Old Montreal, less than a minute walk to Notre Dame basilica. Lots of good restaurants around and little shops and art galleries abound - all within walking distance. After checking in, we went up to our room to drop off our luggage, about 10 minutes later a bellhop dropped us off a plate of chocolate covered strawberries. We mentioned it was our anniversary - so I'm not sure if all guests get it or not. Either way it was nice touch. The room was cozy, with a electric fire place and a comfy king sized bed. The walk-in shower was nice, big enough for 2 people. We stayed for 2 nights, each night - housekeeping came to drop off some chocolates and a bottle of water. The wine and cheese was a nice as well. It was from 5 to 7 each night. You don't have to stay in the restaurant - we took ours back to our room to enjoy. The free breakfast was decent. Well stocked with bagels, croissants, danishes, fruits, and cheese. If you wanted omelets or pancakes, you can order off their menu - of course you would have to pay for that. The free breakfast was more than enough in my view.Valet service was good, sometimes our car was parked outside on the street instead of the underground lot. I didn't mind, but I'm sure people with luxury cars would prefer their car in a parking lot rather than overnight on the street.The hotel staff was excellent in providing directions to attractions in Montreal. Overall it was a splendid weekend in Montreal, coming back to the hotel every night was such a relief. The thought of coming back to a aesthetically pleasing room and comfortable bed just made the trip so much more enjoyable. Each time we stay in Montreal, we will definitely book this hotel again.	
Oct 20 2008 	Wonderfully fun hotel with an excellent location	We would highly recommend the Place d'Armes hotel. It has a charming, hip character. The rooms are interesting and well appointed. The staff and the breakfast is fabulous. The rooftop bar is a very happening spot on the weekends and a very convenient place to socialize. The restaurant for dinner is first rate. The only downside is that because the rooftop bar and restaurant are very popular with the locals, it can get noisy on Friday and Saturday nights.	
Oct 6 2008 	Experience 'The Good Life'	If you are looking for a taste of decadence in your mundane life, I would recommend staying at least a couple nights here. First of all, it is in the heart of Old Montreal, which is a tourist's paradise; surrounded by culture and gourmet restaurants, shopping, the beautiful boardwalk along the St. Lawrence... It is literally next to the famed Notre Dame Cathedral. The rooms are fresh, immaculate and beautifully decorated. You can't help but squeal with glee and flop on the cloud-soft, white bedding when entering the room! Everything from check-in to check-out was a pleasure. Even though there is a gorgeous roof-top patio, a hot night club, spa and a delish 4* restaurant on premises, you don't hear a peep while in bed. They must have amazing soundproofing because even the usual sirens of downtown Montreal were not heard on a Saturday night!Parking is valet only. Just pull your car to the front entrance and the bellhop will arrange for your car to be parked in a secure, underground parking lot underneath the hotel. Parking is paid on a 24 hour rate, which is a good thing if you are only looking to stay one night but want to wander around for most of the next day. The parking rate is quite reasonable and totally worth it.Tips: Old Quebec is located south of the busy, commercial St. Catherine's street. If you are looking for a shop-till-you-drop kind of weekend, this may be too far away. The subway station isn't that close and it's a pretty long (but interesting) walk. Taxi is recommended.Also, if you are driving to and unfamiliar with Montreal, be sure to use a GPS. Montreal is full of one-ways and together with the traffic and french signs, it is sure to be very confusing.This hotel is highly recommended for the surprise romantic getaway! It will not disappoint!	
Sep 30 2008 	Love these boutique hotels	I love boutique hotels and this is one of the best. Okay, you pay a little extra (actually, a lot extra in some cases), but it's worth it. Hotel Place d'Armes is in the middle of Old Montreal, just a few blocks from the restaurant-laden Rue St. Paul and one block from the Basilica Notre Dame. Downtown Montreal, including Chinatown, is only a few blocks in the other direction.Our room was spacious with a king size bed, a sitting area and a work space. The bathrooms have a glass-enclosed shower and a separate tub. The staff is great. The maid comes by each night with candy and the next day's weather report. While we didn't eat there, the restaurant in the hotel makes most of the best restaurant lists. There's not much of a downside here. The morning continental breakfast is pretty average. I've had better at a Hampton Inn, but it is free. So is the wine and cheese thing in the late afternoon. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Sep 24 2008 	Wonderful!!	My husband and I stayed at this wonderful boutique hotel this past weekend. I highly recommend it! We arrived early at the hotel and our room was ready for us, we didn't have to wait for the &quot;official&quot; check-in time. Once inside, our hotel room looked and felt like we were staying in a fancy decorated mini- apartment instead of a typical hotel, complete with a jet tub, a fancy desk and spa toiletries. The evening wine and cheese was wonderful, as was the continental breakfast every morning. The hotel is walking distance to Notre Dame Basilica and Old Montreal sightseeing, restaurants, boutiques, art galleries, etc. The metro is close as well. The hotel staff is wonderful and gave excellent customer service! It was a wonderful experience!	
Sep 21 2008 	Almost perfect!	My wife and I stayed here for the first time because of mostly positive comments on Tripadvisor and its close proximity to Old Montreal. Only minor problem was initially finding the hotel because a big yellow school bus was parked in the limited street space fronting the nondescript hotel entrance. We had a spacious deluxe king suite on the second floor &amp; never heard any of the typical hotel noise even though the room was adjacent to the elevators which I might add worked just fine!Our 3 day stay included a delightful morning continental breakfast and an evening wine and cheese. Adding to the enjoyment was the opportunity to easily walk to most of the attractions in Old Montreal, Chinatown, and even many in downtown Montreal. All of the staff was helpful and friendly especially the concierge and doormen.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great stay!	Before we even arrived the service was wonderful. Emailed the concierge a few days prior to arriving, who assisted us with a reservation at a very busy restaurant ( Au Pied de Cochon, which was so good!). Arrived at about 11:00 am and they had a room ready for us. It was so nice to be able to put our things away, freshen up and then go grab lunch before we ran around the city. The rooms are large and comfortable and in my experience, very quite, so easy to get a good sleep. Everyone we spoke to on the staff was not only nice and helpful, but very funny also! Great reccomendations for bars and directions....will return as soon as possible and send friends.	
Aug 6 2008 	Lovely hotel horrible elevator	The hotel room is lovely. Expect old hardwood floors, a comfy bed, big bathroom and TALL ceilings. The free breakfast is decent. The only complaint I have is the horrible elevator. I tried the stairs but they were locked (good thing there was no fire).	
Aug 5 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	My Wife and I stayed at Place D'Armes on July 31, 2008 and loved it, the hotel is in a great location and the staff are awesome. We have very close friends in montreal and travel to Montreal frequently, we have stayed at many many hotels in Montreal and I this is now in our top 3. We were travelling through Montreal for our first wedding anniversary and my mom had made sure there was a bottle of chilled champagne and some chocolate covered strawberries in our room on check in and the staff made sure to wish us a happy anniversary. The room was awesome, we only had a standard room and I would recommend to everyone to spend the extra money and get a deluxe room as the standard rooms are pretty small (they are still great though)The continental breakfast was great. This place has a great feeling to it and the ambience is wonderful. I will be returning in couple of weeks for business and will definetely booking Place D'Armes for that trip	
Jul 31 2008	Great place to stay in Old Montreal	We stayed 5 nights on our Montreal vacation. Our first to the city. We had a chance to look at the other hotels in Old Montreal and this is by far the best choice. If you stay in a downtown hotel you miss out on the charm and sites of Old Montreal. Downtown Montreal is just like any US city, big office buildings, cars, subway but Old Montreal is special. Location, location, location. Across the park from Notre-Dame Basilica, just down the street from the restaurants at Place Jacques Carter and a couple blocks from Chinatown and the Old Port. You are in the middle of everything and yet it is a great place. We never needed a car and if you want to explore other parts of the City, they have a complementary car service that will drop you off in downtown, Mount Royal or other locations. Complementary Wine and cheese every afternoon and continental breakfast were nice with exceptional wait staff. They have a roof top cafe for a change and a good view of the City. The rooms are nice, comfortable beds, new furniture and wireless internet service. They are small compared to US big name luxury hotels but this is a renovated historic building so you have a trade off. Service is very good and the staff quickly learned our names and greeted us each time as we came in from excursions or dinner.Thursday night their bar is The Place for locals and you would think you were at a hot club in NYC. Packed wall to wall and even waiting to get in on the sidewalk with guards at the door. It was just that one night but apparently every Thursday all the locals dress up and come to Place d'Armes. We were very happy with our choice.	
Jul 30 2008 	Where Service Rules!	My husband and I spent four glorious nights at the Le Place D'Armes Hotel in Montreal to celebrate my birthday. The location of the hotel is superb--in Vieux Montreal across from the Basillica and within walking distance to everything in the old part of town. Our room was outstanding (room 3505). It was very large, with a fabulous bath, and extremely comfortable beds. It had a lot of charm with exposed brick but had a clean, contemporary flair. Our room included a continental breakfast every morning and a wine and cheese happy hour every afternoon. We really appreciated the free access to two computers and printers right off the lobby. I can't say enough about the friendly staff who made our stay so enjoyable. Marc and Maureen were the greatest!!! You couldn't possibly stay at a better hotel in Montreal than the Place D'Armes.	
Jul 27 2008 	What a fabulous hotel!!	I took my 14 year old daughter to meet some friends staying at this hotel. After a dreadful stay in a 4 star Florida hotel, my expectations were dampened. But this hotel was nothing like my Florida experience!!The staff was superb! The concierge recommended incredible restaurants, and activities. The bar was hopping on Thursday night for those young enough to enjoy bars still! The bar in the hotel is one of the hot spots of Montreal for Thursdays after work. The breakfast that was included was very good - one waiter spent 10 minutes looking for a particular tea for my daughter. We were very pleased with the complimentary wine and cheese each evening also. Although the wine is not quite a full glass, it was excellent as was the cheese. And the room!! Beautiful and spotless, the bed was so comfortable I couldn't wait to get back for a nap! I had been to Montreal once before, but didn't have good advice on where to stay and what to see, so I didn't like it. After this visit, I have already booked a room for my anniversary in later August. I can't wait to go back! (and the price was very reasonable for all you get, really a good buy.) You really shouldn't miss this hotel - you will love it!	
Jul 25 2008 	Lovely hotel a few flaws	Just returned from five days in Montreal. The Hotel Place D'Armes has many strengths. Located in Vieux Montreal, it is close to the Basilica, the waterfront and all the sights of the old town. The hotel is attractively decorated, and our room was large and comfortable. Room service dinner was delicious. And the staff at the front desk were GREAT!! (especially Marco and Audrey).The flaws: continental breakfast buffet was OK but the service was non-existent. Most of the people working there seemed to have a very bad attitude - and it's essentially a buffet - all they really had to do was bring coffee and be pleasant. The air conditioning in the room was very noisy and got noisier as our stay progressed. Perhaps because it was very humid (rained every day!). By the last night, we were ready to leave.In all - it's a lovely hotel in a great location. Stay for a night or two, just for the experience - if you can afford it. But it's not perfect and many of the restaurant staff need to work on their attitudes.	
Jul 20 2008 	Love This very personal hotel	I go to Montreal every year during this time of year. I always attend at end of June thru the first week of July. I have stayed at this hotel for the past 4 yrs and it is wonderful...I usually travel with a group of people. My group is usually people over 65yrs and also a nephew this is under 10yrs.. I like this hotel because it is small enough for the group to be comfortable and safe enough for the kid.. The rooms are very modern and clean. Most of the hotel packages include a complementary continental breakfast. and daily wine tasting w/cheese. I love the door men the front desk staff are also very helpful.. However, they need to work on the food service staff... And resently have opened the bar to an weekend evening crowd of young people who make a lot of noise at night. If you are in the third building you do not hear this noise. The spa is very good in this hotel and the staff is great.Overall, I do love this hotel, it is located just above the port about 3 blocks north of port. It is a 20 min walk to main shopping area and a few blocks from Rue Jacques Cartier...We have eating in the hotel roof grill restaurant, which has an amazing view and is very comfortable however, the confused waiter staff made this experience difficult to totally enjoy. We went the roof and night to enjoy the fireworks, which was very relaxing, but it was hard to see fireworks because a few building covered them. Try eating at the Modiave Restaurant at the old port they have live music and great lamb specials..Also this hotel has a sister hotel called Nelligan, which has a great restaurant (not cheap) but upscale food... I do recommend this hotel dispite my mixed comments.	
Jul 18 2008 	The place to stay	We have stayed at this hotel on our last 3 trips to Montreal and at their sister hotel (The Nelligan) on 4 other trips. Both hotels are beautiful, both have very helpful staff, and basically we enjoy our stays - which is why we go back.Looking for a more romantic feel, stay at the Nelligan. Looking for a great all-round place - choose Place D'Armes. Beautiful large rooms. Nicely furnished. Great baths and showers (4'by6' rain shower). And as I previously stated, very nice staff. We have been both at peak tourist times such as during Jazz Fest and in the dead of winter in heavy snow storms. The service is always the same.You cant go wrong at either hotel, you just save a couple bucks at Place D'armes over The Nelligan.	
Jul 14 2008 	Loved this hotel	We just got back from a weekend in Montreal and could not have picked a better hotel to stay at. Our room was really large and the giant shower was something I had never seen before. The staff was wonderful. We received complimentary chocolate covered strawberries since we had mentioned it was our anniversary. A free cocktail hour with wine and cheese was available for two hours each evening. We had dinner one night on the roof and the meal was delicious and reasonable priced. The buffett contininental breakfast included croissants, muffins, bagels, fruit - more than we expected. The staff was helpful in getting us over to La ronde to view the fireworks. I loved the location. I had never stayed in the old city before, now I will never stay anywhere else when we return to Montreal.	
Jul 14 2008 	Ok.. not 5*	We have stayed at other 5* hotels and although the rooms were nice, the service wasn't up to par. They booked us the wrong room and failed to inform us of services we were entitled to with our package. The spa was extremely disorganized (mixed up the appointment times and ran out of gauze for facials) and the front desk staff were somewhat rude.	
Jul 8 2008 	Wonderful stay in Old Montreal!	Stayed at the Place de Armes this past weekend in Montreal. Was there with my girlfriend and the hotel was impeccible. To echo some of the previous reviews, I travel for work and it's great to be able to find a hotel that has personality, class, and high style. And the rooms are extremely large which is wonderful (particularly coming from New York).The rooms and location can't be beat - large comfortable beds, sitting area with large windows, CD/DVD player, plushly furnished and a huge bathroom with a jacoozi tub and free-standing shower. In terms of location, we were there for Jazz Fest and could see the festival location from our window - both the festival (and the Latin Quarter), as well as Old Montreal, are very close and this hotel is perfectly located. Visited the roof-top terrace which was great for afternoon drinks, but a bit crowded later at night so we didn't stay long the second time. Also, the little touches such as free wi-fi, the breakfast (which isn't amazing but is certainly a nice touch to have), and the wine and cheese all add to the service to make the stay one of the better stays I've had recently. Keep up the great work!	
Jul 1 2008	Could have been better	This hotel has the potential to be something very nice, but it is not there yet. Let me start by saying the location is fantastic - more on that later. We stayed 2 nights. The lobby is nice, the bellmen were very responsive and helpful as was the reception and concierge staff (mostly). The Suite 701 bar served us perhaps the best burger we've ever had (Kobe beef with guiness cheddar cheese and an onion remoulade) and was very &quot;chic&quot;. There was a complimentary wine and cheese reception every evening from 5-7 as well. The terrace bar on the roof was very neat and hip – if you are a bar-goer both the terrace and Studio 701 are for you. Our room viewed from the door looked nice, however upon closer inspection the area rug was heavily stained and just looked dirty. There were small stains on the white comforter, and the bathroom floor had strands of hair that were definitely not ours. A couple spiders in the shower, a bolt lock on the door and cordless phone that did not work all conspired to make the room less than satisfactory for the price. In addition we thought it a bit much that they charged you $1.25 for every call you made, even local and toll-free. There are no ice machines. If you want ice you call the front desk and they deliver it, in theory. It didn’t cost us the tip for delivery however because they never delivered the ice. I had to go to the bar and get a bucket. There was also no mini-fridge, which are usually standard at hotels in this price range in my experience. When we mentioned a few of these things the first night they immediately sent a cleaning crew up and vacuumed everything. At check out we were ready to tell them about our stay, but the reception person never even asked us how our stay was. We did receive an email from the general manager after we returned home thanking us for our stay. When we replied to him with our issues, he took one of our nights off the bill. This was frankly unexpected and we were impressed. The staff was very responsive. The location of the hotel is excellent, lodged right between a metro stop and the old port/town area. It is across the square from the Notre Dame Basilica. The devil is in the details and it is here that this hotel falls down. If they can master the small things then this could become a very nice place. The hotel is made of 3 old office buildings (we were in the Scottish Life building), the quality of the rooms may be different on the other buildings.	
Jun 25 2008 	Wonderful for a romantic weekend!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Place D'Armes during late April 08 for 3 nights.The location of this hotel was great...right across the street from the Notre Dame Cathedral...close walk to tons of cafes/restuarants/shops in Old Montreal. There is a McD's and a Starbucks just down the street. Relatively easy to find. The hotel is beautiful inside and out. We opted for their valet underground parking ($24/day) because we were lazy but literally 20 steps across the street is a public parking lot that charged $18.75. The only problem with the public parking was that the attendent was rarely there when we were there and the machine for credit cards was not working and we didn't want to risk a ticket. The hotel has a bar/lounge called Suite 701 which we only got the time to visit once. It was a nice professional crowd (think mostly suits and dresses), they have a rooftop terrace, and also with your stay you get a free glass of house wine &amp; cheese nightly. It was easy to get the wine using our vouchers BUT the cheeses are located in a restaurant just down below Suite 701 along the bar and its really awkward when you go up to get some. We had some cocktails which were great and a poutine (with red wine sauce and pulled beef) that was AMAZING!The room was great. We had the basic room and it was very roomy and modern. Housekeeping was great. The only issue we had was that there could be better ventilation. The windows do not open and our &quot;neighbours&quot; opted to smoke pot every morning and the smell would seep into the front of our room. To each their own, I suppose.My boyfriend and I celebrated an anniversary while in Montreal and he arranged with the hotel to have roses delivered to our room one of the mornings as a surprise. However they forgot to deliver them and he had to talk to them to get them with me there.Some tips:-if you go out the main exit, turn right onto Rue St. Jacques and about in 2 blocks there is a great place called Egg-spectation that serves all day breakfast in addition to other foods; they had a great selection of food and it was delicious-also on Rue Notre Dame (parallel to St Jacques) we ate a delicious meal at La Sauvagine; they have a gorgeous gothic chandelier and excellent creme brulee; the staff however spoke little English-Gogo's Lounge on St. Laurent: wide variety of martini's and interesting shots; they do not have cover; they play a lot of wayback playbacks which are always fun; probably a 18-25 year old crowd-we walked home from St. Catherine's street one day and it took about 25 minutes...it was a nice walk and if its a pleasant day would highly recommend it-visit St. Viateur Bagel's, they are open 24/7 and have fresh delicious Montreal style bagels!Overall, we had a great time in Montreal. I will definately return and when I stay in Old Montreal I will definately stay at Hotel Place D'Armes.	
Jun 24 2008 	Very romantic!	Perfect location! We arrived, a valet took our car away and we didn't need it until we left 3 days later... Easy to walk from the hotel to the wonderful streets of Old Montreal. Much to do, eat and see within an easy walk. Excellent room service. Very accomodating and FAST!Would definitely recommend and return.	
Jun 7 2008 	Beautiful Place!!	My boyfriend and I decided that for our trip to Montreal we wanted to try a five star hotel. This place was 5-star plus! We stayed three nights in a suite and it was very very nice, and the bathroom was amazing :)The location in old Montreal was also really great. It was close to a Metro station. We attempted to try the restaurant downstairs but it was much to fancy for us- the selection was small and the price was high. I am guessing this is typical for a 5-star hotel, so I don't see a problem with this (we've just learned this for our stay next time). We really enjoyed ordering breakfast to our room; the price was reasonable and the meal was delicious.We really liked this hotel and although it's a little more expensive then a lot of hotels you can choose from, it is well worth the money! We will definitely be staying here again.	
May 20 2008	Mixed feelings...	We just stayed at The Place D'armes over the May long week-end, and I have very mixed feelings over it. The staff wasn't professional as they should have been. For instance, the spa staff rushed our mani pedis because we were the last clients of the day. The bar staff at 701 (the bar in the hotel) completely ignored us the first night we went to redeem our free drinks. The second night it was so packed, we could barely step food inside. Word to the wise, get there EARLY to redeem your drink tickets to avoid chaos. Finally, we felt we were bothering the staff at the front desk checking in and out, or maybe the staff is just incapable of smiling. While the rooms were beautiful, the service just didn't match up. I would rather have stayed at another 4 star hotel instead of this one, which I would rate a 2 out of 5 stars.	
May 12 2008	Perfection in Montreal!	What a hotel - my stay was nothing short of bliss. The rooms were lovely, the terrace on the roof spectacular - but the jewel in the crown is the staff. I lost my laptop in taxi - they found it. I had a fedex package go missing - they had it delivered, I wanted a nice Indian meal - they booked me one of the best places I have been to. Compared to the large impersonal 4 stars that I have stayed at this was a whole other level of quality. Free wi-fi, printers, drinks at 5:00 and a pretty nice breakfast. I am going back to Montreal just so I can stay here !!	
May 9 2008 	Loved this hotel	We stayed for one night when we were on a business trip to Montreal. The hotel was lovely with free wi-fi, breakfast and a wine and cheese reception. The location is perfect and the rooms gorgeous. I read a previous review which mentioned noise from the downstairs bar but I was on the 5th floor so it was very peaceful. I would definitely stay here again even though my room had only a shower and no bath (I would miss the bath if I was here sightseeing &amp; walking miles each day) and no coffee maker in the room. But these are minor quibbles. It's a beautiful hotel.	
May 1 2008 	Choose room carefully 	Having stayed in Montreal several times at the Nelligan, I wanted to try something new and had heard good things about the Place D'Armes. The hotel appears to have potential, and maybe i was just unlucky. I booked my room the same week of my stay, and was limited in terms of options. I was given a standard room which unfortunately was by the elevator. The standard rooms do not do the hotel justice in comparison to the pictures and write-ups on the hotel's website. I tried to change rooms - even upgrade but they could not accomodate. Later that night i unfortunately found out that you can CLEARLY hear the music from the nightclub if your room is above it on the 3rd floor (i assume there aren't rooms on the 2nd floor...it would be unbearable) - until 3am.As all travellers know, this sometimes happens and I'm simply encouraging other guests to make sure they are booked into something better than a standard room if their trip is for pleasure and they're looking to truly enjoy what is considered to be a nice hotel. Another thing to look out for is the valet parking at the hotel. At check-in I parked my car on the street at 2pm and handed the valet the keys. An hour later, the car was gone - presumably in the secure lot they advertise. At 11pm it was back on the street. I'm not sure why it (a less than 1 year old sports car) was brought back out - perhaps so someone else's (more important car?) could be put in? Regardless, I don't consider leaving my car on the street rather than in the advertised 'secure lot' as being valet parked. Unfortunately the car was also over 2 feet from the curb, on a corner, with the sideview mirrors sticking out - an accident waiting to happen on a busy city street. I let the front desk know about these issues when i checked out - they were apologetic, but not helpful.As I drove away, i had the luxury of watching the valet back another guest's car into the one behind it. He got out and walked immediately back to the hotel...not checking either for damage.Valet parking is something to be careful of wherever you use it....and apparently at this hotel especially.	
Mar 6 2008 	Best Hotel Stay. Ever.	Have stayed in countless hotels up and down the East coast of North America. This place, I cannot even describe the level of service and attention. We were only there for approximately 23 hours but felt absolutely welcomed and not hassled for our bags or whatever. They gave us a prodigious breakfast (but I'm thinking it was my drop-dead gorgeous companion exploring the old world yet amazingly reconstructed boite on the ground floor.) Merci. This would prove to be in stark contrast to the twelve-to-a room frat party we would encounter in Mont Tremblant (and at a much higher per-night rate, mind you.) Okay, yah: party hardy youngbloods- I was there. But at a shithole apartment with a barking dog in the yard. Whatever. I am all for the Hotel Place D'Armes whenever and wherever. In MontreaL...Love you guys! Don't change! Plus ca change, plus ca meme, I know. But good hotels are hard to come by, I know.Kisses,BH	
Feb 27 2008 	Great Hotel Great Staff	Beautiful hotel, lots of charm. Excellent, very friendly staff. Great complimentary breakfast as well as a complimentary wine and cheese every evening. Perfect romantic spot for couples. Spa was excellent as well. Very central location so lots to do and see in the area.	
Jan 10 2008 	Perfect Retreat for Couples	I booked this hotel to celebrate an anniversary with my fiance and we had a fantastic weekend. The previous reviews made me nervous but when we arrived everything was perfect.The staff -- Very courteous, helpful and pleasant. No obnoxious attitudes.The room -- Very spacious, well equipped (the cables needed to be hooked up to the TV to play DVDs), bed was superbly comfortable. The washroom -- Despite reviews that they are &quot;too dark&quot; - I found it just right, I don't expect there to be a 'kitchen-like' flood light in a washroom; the jacuzzi was great (it turns on by itself after you are done to clean itself, we thought something was wrong but everything was OK). Rain shower was great. Hotel samples were a nice touch and of good quality.The hotel itself was clean, tastefully decorated. We played a game of pool but that's about all we did in the general area.Breakfast at Suite 701 was just what you need- good MTL bagels, breads, yoghurts, cheeses, some cereals, great OJ/grapefruit juice. All fresh and delicious.We parked just down the street for $14 a day, valet was $24 but you can save $10 by walking 200m further.We both booked 60min Swedish massages at Rainspa. Again service was very good, no waiting around, full hour service. Genevieve was excellent - the atmosphere was so relaxing, my masseuse so effective that I fell asleep. I recommend getting a treatment and you can also use the Hammam (steam room). It was a nice place to relax after the massage but it's not as hot as steam rooms in bathhouses (e.g. Budapest).I would definitely recommend this hotel and come back for another visit!	
Jan 3 2008 	Great time there	Check-in was a breeze and there was no wait, although we were the only ones checking in at the time, around 3:15PM on a Thursday. Parking is $25 (all dollar amounts will be in CAD throughout this review) per day for valet parking, but there’s a lot across the street for about $18. Since it was snowing when we arrived, valet it was! A bellman brought the luggage in and then up to our room once we checked in. Nothing special.The room was on the fourth floor of the middle building. It was a decent size room, with a king size bed, a leather chair, a small round table with 2 chairs, dresser containing the TV, DVD player, electric fireplace (nice ambience), minibar and some drawers. There was a table and chair with a phone, desk lamp (LED) and Ethernet jack for laptop use. I can see what others have said about the dim lighting, but I thought it was Ok. It provided nice atmosphere. The bathroom was nicely appointed with enough towels, soap, shampoo, etc. There was a sink, glass enclosed shower with a rain head in the center, which was pretty clogged so it wasn’t that great, and a toilet. Overall a nice sized bathroom.The complementary wine &amp; cheese every night was a little above Ok. You got one glass of wine and they had a few cheese’s setup. It wasn’t all that special, but Ok. We had a late dinner in the lounge one night and I thought it was good. I had a burger. The complementary breakfast each morning was Ok also. A typical “cold” breakfast that most lower end hotel chains would serve.There’s an ATM off one of the lobbies. There are two lobbies and one of them has a pool table and TV. They were quiet and relaxing.Checkout was a breeze and had no issues. The car was brought around by the time I was finished at the front desk.	
Dec 30 2007 	Noisy sleepless nights	We stayed at the hotel for a two night mini-getaway. The first night we were woken up in the middle of the night by what we thought was &quot;outside&quot; noises. By 5:30 am, the noise had stopped and we tried to get back to sleep which was impossible. The second night we were woken up again by this loud &quot;moving furniture&quot; noise at 2:30-3 am! This continued on for over an hour and we couln't get back to sleep! In the morning when we went ot the &quot;lounge&quot; for our breakfast, we realised that this noise was actually comming from the lounge IN the hotel! The lounge is a bar at night and when the bar closes, staff would move the furniture for the morning breakfast !! Upon checking out, we expressed this to the staff who was helping us to which they denied we could hear this from our room and gladly took our credit card to debit our &quot;sleepless&quot; room for over 200$/night. They did not appologize or offer any appologetic gestures on behalf of the hotel. We go to Montreal every month or so for a weekend getaway. This was by far the worst two night's sleep we have ever gotten. There are many other beautiful hotels in the area or nearby that will be quiet and provide the four to five star service that they deserve (try hotel Gault or even the Hyatt, both have exceptional service and rooms!). As for this hotel, you could probably stay at a youth hostel and get more sleep than Place D'Armes.. I would save my money for a hotel who will properly give the night's rest to their clients!	
Dec 26 2007 	Lovely	Very pleasant two-night stay. The hotel is well appointed and clean. The staff were polite, attentive, and professional.	
Dec 2 2007 	Wonderful Birthday	My husband, my son, and I went to Montreal to celebrate my birthday. We chose Le Place d'Armes after reading the reviews online. WOW! It was a wonderful experience from the moment that we arrived. Everything was perfect and first-class from the very friendly and helpful staff to the extremely clean, elegant, and comfortable room. The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed in which I have ever slept. We felt like royalty. To top it off, the hotel is in a great location in Old Montreal within walking distance to shops, plenty of history, wonderful places to dine, and the Metro. I highly recommend this hotel. We are looking forward to our next visit to Montreal, which will surely include a stay at Le Place d'Armes.	
Nov 26 2007 	Place d'Armes - a find in Old Montreal	Lovely boutique hotel in a great location in Old Montreal. Hotel combines the charm of an old building with updated decor. Rooms have more of a homey-feel than hotel feel with wood floors and area rugs contemporary light fixtures and a shelving in the bathroom.Great location across from Notre Dame.	
Nov 25 2007	Very nice hotel in Montreal	We just enjoyed a nice long weekend at the Hotel Place D'Armes. We've stayed in just about every hotel in Montreal and decided to try this one, as we had never been there.The hotel is very well appointed, stylish and in the best location in Old Montreal. The staff goes out of its way to assist you and the experience is typical of an upscale boutique hotel. The breakfast in the morning is basic but very nice. After having some minor problems with our room, the staff apologized profusely and upgraded us to a better room. They obviously believe in the theory that its not what happens, but how you handle it.The only negative about the hotel is that the rooms are a bit dark and need more lighting. We were in a suite with a work station which was stuck in a dark corridor with no lighting. How someone would be able to do any work in a corridor with no lights is beyond me. Putting that aside, the hotel is terrific and definitely one of the best in Montreal.	
Nov 24 2007 	Montreal -Le Place d'Armes	Hotel Place D'Armes55 St-JacquesMontreal, Quebec H2Y 3X2I have stayed in Montreal a number of times....this was my first stay here. All I can saw, the Ritz, Four Seasons whatever...has nothing on this place. Hotel owners-managers all over need to see what a well run hotel feels like. From check in to the doorman...all polite, helpful and provided excellent service....this is my Montreal stay from this point on. The rooms were spotless, very very roomie, excellent baths-jacuzzi tub, roomie shower....just great. There is a lounge to have a drink or one to just relax and shoot pool. Great stay great hotel.	
Oct 30 2007 	We loved this hotel !	We stayed here twice during our recent trip to Quebec, each time for four nights. The staff is wonderful. They upgraded our room twice until we were satisfied. Lovely rooms, some with floor to ceiling windows. Extra large &amp; comfy beds. Large and contemporary bethrooms. Everything was spotless. Breakfast downstairs was a great way to start the day.I'd go back to Montreal just to stay here again.	
Oct 24 2007	Good Hotel in a Great Location in Old Montreal	We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights in October. We had room 1506 which had 2 double beds. The staff was very nice at check-in and throughout our stay. The bedroom was a little cramped because there was 2 of us and the bathroom could have used a little touch up paint (there was a section near the bathtub that was black and peeling off). We dined at the hotel restaurant and it was very good and we both enjoyed our massage at RainSpa. Notre Dame is across the street and the Convention Center (Palais de Congres) is a block away. The hotel breakfast was good, too. They had various breads, cereals, fruit and cheeses.	
Oct 18 2007 	Good Boutique Hotel with a Great Location	Me: a food journalist who travels frequently and eats-out too often.Overall:Spent four evenings in a Deluxe Suite, June 2007. Would definitely stay again. Staff:friendly, courteous, and helpful. The concierge (a golden key member) was exemplary in helping point out fantastic restaurants in the city, as well as providing an itinerary for a trip to the countryside. Very helpful!Rooms:Nicely appointed in a typical, modern boutique-hotel fashion. Beds and bedding were very comfortable.Lighting was a bit on the dark side, but adequate.Bathroom was large with 2-person jacuzzi and rain shower. Though acceptable for my use, many might find the lack of counter-space inadequate. Foodservice:Complimentary breakfast, Served in the bar area, was acceptable though I generally expect more from a hotel of this caliber. In this case, why offer something if it doesn't appear to adequately reflect your branding? Certainly does not reflect the &quot;Deluxe Continental Breakfast&quot; that they tout. Consisted of boxed cereals, mass-produced generic baked goods, fruits, assortment of juices(e.g., orange juice from a carton), coffee, and tea.Evening wine and cheese was a nice complement to the day. House wines were good. Provided for a chance to mingle with other guests.Restaurant, Aix Cuisine du Terroir, was good but not exceptional. Dined there once. Staff was helpful and attentive even though the dining room was quite busy. Food was properly prepared, but lacked the creativity and enhanced flavors that could set it apart from other restaurants in its class in this city. Views and atmosphere of the rooftop Aix la Terrasse are unparalleled!Pros: -excellent location! Bank/ATM located on the Place D'Armes. Metro station, providing quick access to all parts of the city, just over a block away. Vieux Port is only a short walk away. -Good accomodations with a amiable, and able, staff. Definitely use the concierge during your stay!-Jacuzzi tub a welcome respite at the end of the day-Nicely appointed rooms with comfy bedsCons:-Complimentary breakfast not on par with hotel's image-Provided wrong room on check-in. Problem rectified but should not have happened. -Rooms might be too dark for some people-Lack of counter-space in bathroom might find some scrambling for space.	
Oct 8 2007 	2nd time even better than the first	I have already written one review on this hotel. I tried staying again in September and the results were the same. This hotel is as good as it gets. The rooms, location, ambience are all great but what really sets this hotel apart from its competition is the superb staff. All questions, requests, etc. were met with a smile and without exception handled to our satisfaction. The front desk personnel are among the best I have encountered. I travel often. I travel worldwide. I travel without a budget. I have yet to stay at a hotel which exceeds the enthusiasm of the staff at the Place D'Armes.Cali	
Oct 3 2007 	Great location but overhyped	Came here for a few days with the wife and baby. Superb location - you cant really get much better in the old quarter (saying this the old quarter is very small)The Hotel is almost opposite the Notra Dame BassilicaWe stayed in a suite that was over 2 floors - it almost made the upstairs floor redundant and the room felt much smaller than I was expecting as I hadnt read that it would be over 2 floorsBeds of reasonable comfortFree wine (1 glass only) and cheese between 5pm and 7pm which was a nice sort of touch but on 1 evening the place was packedBreakfast and food in the hotel I would describe as average - certainly no betterThe main thing that I didnt like was being charged an excessive amount for a Crib for the baby, which I didnt know I was being charged until I checked out and it came to about $120 which whilst its not much it really pissed us off. We stayed in 4 hotels on our stay in Canada and this was the only hotel that charged us for this - they should have mentioned at the start of our stay - this knocks it from 3-4 stars to 2 starsHotel staff are friendlyMontreal itself is nothing to rave about. It can easily be covered in a day. Old quarter, lake area and park, view over the city - not really anything. My wife and I were quite bored after the 1st dayThe highlight of our stay was eating in a superb restaurant - Bonapartes - excellent French cuisine - go for the sampler menu (which is more a many course meal) and Terriers wine (great). Its in the old town area a few minutes walk from this hotelIf you are thinking of going to Canada for the 1st time - head for Vancouver............. and ignore places like Montreal	
Sep 23 2007 	Superb hotel	We stopped 2 nights here, the staff were friendly and the hotel itself superb. Every night there was a free cheese and wine reception for the guests, which was great! The continental breakfast was of a high standard and you could certainly fill up for the day. Our room was extremely comfortable.The hotel is close to the basilica of notre dame - which is well worth a visit for the light show. It is central to a lot of the sights and is close to an exit from the underground walk way if you need to use them to access the shops.ll in all we could not fault this hotel and would happily go back again tomorrow	
Sep 20 2007 	Mixed	PROSLike many here, I liked the Hotel overall, the staff is very accomodating and helpful, lovely people, nice decor. I think the hotel is pefect for young gay couples who want to get married in Montreal. Me and my wife took your baby with us, and I felt like weI were from Mars.if you have a big party or kids, do a favor, find a hotel suite with proper family amenities and atmosphere. the happy hour in the lobby is cool, good looking staff (especially the waitress( very friendly and hot).CONSAfter 3 nights I just got little depressed with the darkness of the room. it was Ok at the first glance but you feel like you just wanna get out and have some light out!the breakfast is very poor. I did not get it how such a nice place offer only 3 bread options, 2 kind of muffins (COSCO quality), 3 types of tee. Any chain 3 star hotel offer a lot more.	
Sep 6 2007 	Perfection!	A perfect stay, from the enormous bathroom to the incredible wonderful concierges. We upgraded to a suite for very little more than the cost of a deluxe room and it was so worth it. We had a beautiful balcony where I would have coffee and read every morning and a bathroom the size of many hotel rooms with an enormous rain shower and huge soaking tub. It was utterly fantastic. A typical french breakfast was included and I must say the croissants were quite delicious.Comfy beds and a lovely couch. A fireplace I would love to try in the winter.Would highly highly recommend this hotel to anyone	
Sep 5 2007 	Amazing Service. Great Hotel	We just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel and can't say enough great things about it for the price we paid (around $200 US / night before taxes). My wife and I have traveled extensively and we both felt that the service here was some of the best we have come across. The hotel decor is modern/sleek (although I would note that the rooms look like they are filled with furniture from a West Elm catalogue as opposed to expensive furniture). The rooms are very good size and have a fantastic bathroom with both a jacuzzi tub and separate glass shower (note - it is my understanding that the rooms in the different &quot;towers&quot; may vary in size). The hotel is located near the waterfront and the old town (this area is a little touristy but we felt it was a great location to be in). The hotel also houses a very nice spa. My only complaint about the hotel is that the views from the rooms are limited. Overall, I highly recommend the hotel for anyone traveling to Montreal (except those looking for an old classic hotel feel).	
Sep 4 2007 	Lovely Hotel very upscale and great perks!	Lovely rooms with gorgeous tiled bathrooms. Capable staff and friendly. Good location and attention given to fine details. Meticulous operation. Reciprocity for continental buffet breakfast and cocktails with their sister establishments: The Nelligan Hotel and Auberg du Vieux Port. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 21 2007 	Well worth it!	Before selecting this hotel I read many of the previous reviews posted here. We found all of the positives to still be true: A great location, well appointed rooms, an upscale atmosphere, and a number of nice, little extras.We were a little concerned with comments about the staff and their apparent lack of friendliness and professionalism. We found it to be the exact opposite. The staff was excellent, extremely friendly, and went out of their way to be helpful. If we come to Monteal again, we will stay here. It is well worth it.	
Aug 16 2007 	Awesome honeymoon in Old Montreal!	Loved this place! Took my new bride for the first three nights of our honeymoon. We were top floor of the Alexander building with a balcony and huge room. I esp loved the TV over the bathtub. The lounge downstairs was top notch with free breakfast and a wine and cheese party every night. The terrace restaraunt had a fab view, and overall the place was very romantic for us. Fantastic service and the best hotel we stayed at on our trip. Great location on Old Montreal but close walking to rest of city too. Thanks crew! PS. There was a deal on the Montreal tourism website for 3rd night at half price.	
Aug 13 2007 	Loved Everything About This Hotel	This is such a great hotel. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful, the decor is contemporary, yet not sterile. Exposed brick, soft leather chairs, interesting art and objects on the walls. Our room was huge (deluxe suite catagory) with pleanty of room for a family of four. The down comforters are great and the bathroom, with it's huge shower was great, too. We enjoyed a drink on the rooftop lounge, overlooking the city. Breakfast was very good and again the service and staff were really great. I have been to Montreal several times and can't imagine staying anywhere else. Great location, rooms, food and service. Highly, totally recommend this property.	
Aug 9 2007	Very Nice	Place D'Armes is a beautiful hotel in Old Montreal. We spent three nights there and the location is superb.The staff at the front desk and helping with the complimentary breakfast were very friendly and helpful. We were not able to take advantage of the free wine and cheese as the first evening was just too crowded in the bar and you had to wait to get onto the terrace and the following nights we were out.The room (king bed, rain shower-no tub) was spacious and clean. The chocolates were a nice treat and we received chocolate covered strawberries for our anniversary and sparkling water.The only downfall is that the aircondioning unit was quite loud and placed so it blasted cold air right on the bed-so you were sleeping in a draft. Also the blinds didn't quite close all the way and light filtered in.Overall I would definitely return!	
Aug 5 2007 	Fantastic hotel great location awesome continental breakfast	This hotel is gorgeous, with spacious beautifully appointed rooms, comortable beds with duvet covers, and a bathroom I wish I could have at home. The staff was courteous and efficient, and the hotel boasts a lively night lounge which has a rooftop terrace. We had massages at Rainspa, the spa located in the hotel, which were great. Overall an amazing experience and we would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Jul 29 2007 	Loved it!!	Stayed at the Le Place d'armes Hotel July 12 for 3 nights and loved it.Staff--EXCELLENTRoom--EXCELLENTLocation--EXCELLENTRestaurant and Roof top bar--EXCELLENTI really can't say enough about how much i enjoyed this hotel....I would return to Le Place d'Armes in a heartbeat	
Jul 21 2007 	Upscale and hot	We chose Le Place d'Armes in Old Montreal for its closeness to the Comedy Festival venues during our yearly trip to Montreal. We found the hotel to be a perfect location for easy access to the old city and quite a good choice for our daily walks around town. The hotel as mentioned in the reviews is actually 3 converted building with their own charm and functionality. The roof top Terrace was an outstanding place for lunch or just a beer/cocktail. We found the service helpful and always bilingual. The complementary wine and cheese was very appealing and we had NO problems lingering at the tables and chairs scattered around. The room was always clean and fresh and it appeared that the bar was the &quot;hottest&quot; one in the area for people watching in a city that really never sleeps! We will come back to this hotel in the future or try its &quot;sister&quot; Hotel Nelligan.	
Jun 18 2007	Boutique Hotel in Old Montreal with all the Mod-Cons you could want	The Place d'Armes is a perfectly located hotel in Old Montreal that's the ideal hybrid for the business and leisure traveler. The rooms are spacious and the bathrooms are worth dedicating an evening to pamper yourself. Service is good, staff is friendly, and the restaurant is creative, clever, and never fails to please.	
Jun 9 2007 	Good But Falls Short of Great	We stayed at the Hotel Place d'Armes for three nights in June, 2007. The hotel, which has a very nice Old Montreal location one block from the Metro stop, has a website which boasts of its commitment to luxury and finesse in every aspect of the stay. Pretty big words to live by. My own feeling after staying there is that, while it's a good hotel, it doesn't rise to the level of the top-tier hotels in Montreal and probably doesn't deserve some of the hype being given to it. Let's start where first impressions usually stick, with the Front Desk. I can best describe the staff as &quot;Youth Brigade,&quot; young, not particularly well-trained, surprisingly not at ease speaking English, and always looking a bit overwhelmed behind the desk. At check-in, one young lady, apparently very preoccupied processing a dry-cleaning order, rather than saying hello, simply turned to the concierge for help in checking us into the room. The concierge, and older, slightly more jaded gentleman, obliged - this obviously wasn't the first time he had to swoop in to help the desk staff out.Our room was a Superior King room. I must say, the bed (pictured) was immensely comfortable, with plenty of pillows to make it seem like I was sleeping on a cloud. This more or less made up for less-than-excellent housekeeping. Our room had no less than four burned-out light bulps (two in the bathroom, one at the armoir and one at the bed's headboard). When we called housekeeping about it, we were surprised to find when we returned back from dinner to find they had only fixed one light (in the bathroom). Nightly turn-down service is a great touch for any hotel to offer. Here, it's fine - not great. One bottle of water (for two guests) and two pieces of Lindt chocolate. I would have hoped that the maid had noticed the electrical issues with the room and did something about it, but no such luck.The bathroom can best be described as large and cavernous, with dark tiles and dark marble floors. As big as the bathroom was, it was not particularly functional, with the counterspace at the sink barely adequate for even one guest to place toiletries. My wife and I just figured that the hotel may cater more to single, or business travelers than to families or couples, given the layout of the bathroom.Our &quot;Refresh&quot; package also included continental breakfast and a wine and cheese reception each day in the main-floor bar. Like the front desk, expect service from a youthful, not thoroughly trained staff. And woe to anyone who arrives for these services with only a few minutes left before they conclude! For breakfast, we arrived 10 minutes prior to them stopping service, only to find that the servers were aggressively beginning the cleaning-up process. Plates were removed hastily off our table before we were completely done. A server immediately grabbed a basket of bread away from the bar as I was approaching it to get another bagle. What's the rush? Lunch was still 2 hours away. The hotel does live up to its lofty self-proclaimed standards in two areas, though. The first is the excellent restaurant Aix Cuisine du Terroir located in the hotel's sub-level. This is a serious restaurant, which merits the critical praises it's been receiving, with superbly rendered main courses and desserts. Try the house-smoked salmon, sesame grilled tuna or rack of lamb. For dessert, be prepared to be wowed by delectable maple syrup pie and ice cream. Service was consistently attentive and cordial. The second was the small, but well-appointed Rainspa, complete with an impressive Turkish-style steam room that you can't miss as a spa guest. I had a 90-minute Swedish massage by Lize, a very knowledgeable and conscientious physical therapist.So overall, we had a good but not great, experience at this hotel. If a hotel is going to pose itself as &quot;luxury,&quot; it should offer more than what this hotel does.	
Jun 5 2007	Incredible	After a six hour drive, we finally pulled up late at night to this grand entrance, that's beautifully lit (it felt like we were in a movie). The Valet takes our car, and the bell boy takes our bags. All within 45 seconds. We walk up to the front desk, where a lady asks for our name. Immediatelly we are congratulated on our anniversary and referred to by name. Our paper work (which has been awaiting our arrival) is briskly handed over, inluding the key cards and coupons for the complimentary wine/cheese (which we didn't even get to enjoy).We arrive in a very large deluxe room, dimly lit, classical music playing in the back ground. Chocolate covered strawberries waiting on the side table, Lindt chocolates on the bed. Double soaker tub with jets in the middle of this beautifully chic bathroom. Add wine, strawberries, and a beautiful woman, and this was the most perfect evening on our little escape.Breakfast was delicious, ample, and in bautiful surroundings. The hotel has quite a bit of classical architecture present (like the outside, and partially inside), but it is beautifully blended with modern design. Very chic- perfect for Montreal.We only stayed one night and progressed to Old Quebec the following day (Fairmont Chateau Frontenac) and Charlevoix the day after (Fairmont - Le Manoir Richelieu). Needless to say Place D'armes set the stage for a wonderful weekend. To be honest, I think it set the bar for us in terms of overall feel and accomodation we expect in a hotel.My expectations have been exceeded. We will be back one of these years to stay there for the Grand Prix.	
Jun 2 2007 	Pretty Good But a Few Let Downs	As many prior reviewers have noted, this is a lovely, conveniently located hotel. I walked just about everywhere to see Montreal's sights, and the Vieux Montreal neighborhood is very charming and safe. The hotel is clean and tastefully decorated. My &quot;superior&quot; room was not very big, and if there had been another person with me, we would have been stepping over each other constantly. The bathroom is a good size but there is little accessible surface space to lay out your toileteries. There were plenty of nice towels, and the robe and slippers were nice touches. The bed and pillows were wonderfully comfortable. I stayed in building 1 and my room was on the back side. Each morning I was woken up around 5 to the sounds of police sirens or breaking glass or the constant beep-beeping of a garbage truck backing up followed by the loud banging of dumpsters. That was unpleasant.The fitness room was one of the better I have seen, especially for a hotel that size. They even had flat screen TVs.The breakfast offering were more than adequate. I loved the chocolate croissants especially. One could have all kinds of fruit, bread, muffins, cereal, juice and coffee. However, at 7:30 each morning it was rather chaotic. The same was true for the wine and cheese. Nice, but noisy, and the waitstaff seemed to wish they were elsewhere.I also had some spa services at the on-site spa. The staff was pleasant, though a little bossy, and the services were reasonably priced and as good as anywhere I've been.I'd stay here again, but I'd press a little harder for a better, quieter room.	
May 30 2007 	Really Great Stay some ups some downs	My husband, my two brothers and I just got back from a wonderful Memorial Day weekend trip to Montreal. We had a great time - the Hotel Place D'Armes, overall, was GREAT. There were a few MINOR details that the hotel could have fixed. Here is our review: PRICE - We paid $195 canadian dollars per night excluding taxes. HOTEL - The hotel is 3 buildings that are combined. We stayed in building 2. I'm not sure which are the newer areas and which are the older, but our building was very nice. The other buildings are connected to the main reception area - you walk through sitting areas to access the different elevator banks to each building. There are a lot of common/seating areas that are very nice!LOCATION - The location really could not have been better. The hotel is a short walk to the hustle and bustle of Old Montreal and all the shops and restaurants. The port is just beyond Old Montreal, really close, where you could find Cirque Du Soleil, the Labyrinthe, the Science Centre and more. Notre Dame Basilica is just around the corner and Chinatown is 2 blocks away. As for Downtown, it's definitely walkable at about a mile away (to the Underground City), but if you don't want to walk, the closest metro is only 2 blocks away (Place D'Armes stop) and a short ride into Downtown. ROOM - We had four people and stayed in a Superior Room with two double beds. The room was very large, none of us felt cramped while we were there. You walk in and there is a large closet with an iron, ironing board, 2 bathrobes, hangers, drycleaning bags, umbrella and safe on the left. Immediately on the rigt is the large bathroom. The two double beds had down comforters and were very comfortable. There was a large entertainment center with a 27&quot; television, DVD/VCR combo, minibar, wine glasses and mini-fridge. BATHROOM - The bathroom was prerty large. There was a large console with a flat sink and toiletries, enough counter space to put your toiletries, as well as a shelf underneath with towels and a hair dryer. The toiletries were very nice. It was a plus that they offered conditioner (many hotels only offer shampoo), for those of us with long hair. The shower was huge! It was large enough for 4 people and had a rain shower and a regular nozzle. Not ideal if you want to take a bath, but all of our group only took showers anyway.ENTERTAINMENT CENTER - The entertainment center was very nice. There was a TV and a DVD/VCR player. I thought the latter was great if you wanted to watch a late night video or something. We didn't bring any DVDs with us though because most hotels never offer this, and weren't able to take advantage of that. There were also surround sound speakers installed around the room, that I bet would be great if you were watching a movie!DECOR - The decor was very modern with leather headboards and dark furniture. Very sheek. There was also a fake fireplace that you could turn on. That was a nice touch.LIGHT - A bunch of people complained about the lights in the room not being sufficient. We didn't find that to be the case. There are a bunch of table lamps, a couple of floor lamps, some wall lamps and plenty of overhead ceiling lights. There were also two very bright reading lights by the bed. The lighting in the bathroom is another story - it is very dim and not great for makeup, etc. The hotel could stand to make the bathroom lighting a little better.BREAKFAST - The hotel offered free continental breakfast until 10:30 on weekdays and until 11:00 on weekends. Some of the reviews didn't think it was that great, but we thought it was perfect. It included, toast, bagels, various jams, fresh fruit, croissants, muffins, hard boiled eggs, yogurt, muesli, cereal, coffee, tea and juice. By the time the four of us were done, we were stuffed!BREAKFAST CAUTION - On our first day eating breakfast, we were presented menus by the waitstaff which had larger breakfasts than the continental breakfast on the counter, french toast, omelettes, etc. We didn't think this was included, but the menu said at the top (basically), &quot;Free breakfast is provided to our hotel guests, but for those who are joining us from outside hotel, here are the prices.&quot; So we proceeded to order lavish breakfasts (all four of us!), only to get a bill at the end for $50!!!! Ultimately it was our fault for not double checking, but the waitstaff should make it clear that ONLY the continental breakfast is actually included since the menu seems to contradict this.WINE AND CHEESE - As a very nice extra touch, the hotel gave us coupons for a free glass of wine and cheese for everyone in our party for every night that we were staying there. You could take advantage between 5-7pm. If you aren't around during that time, you can still get the free wine in the lounge, just not the cheese.SERVICE - Service was hit or miss. Everyone at the hotel was polite, but not necessarily nice or excited to be there. We did actually have a couple of issues with service.1. The first night we took advantage of the free wine/cheese in the lounge, we asked if we could substitute something else for the wine. We were told that we could get a small glass of beer. Two members of our party, who don't drink wine, got the beer. The second night, we tried to do this again and were abruptly told that substitutions were not allowed. I told them they had let us the night before, but the waitress didn't seem to care and wouldn't allow it.2. The second night we went to get wine and cheese in the lounge (it's help yourself), the bartender literally grabbed the plate our of my husband's hand and said, &quot;are you guests of this hotel?&quot; We said, yes, of course and the bartender said, &quot;Well I need your tickets.&quot; My husband said, my wife has them, i'll bring them right back, but the bartender wouldn't let him get any food until we produced the tickets! 3. We were only given the supposed daily newspaper outside our door one night while we were there.4. Upon checkout (we never received the bill under our door, as promised for &quot;express checkout&quot;), we were charged for a bottle of champagne from the mini-bar that we never drank. It was promptly taken off, but I wonder how many people this happens to that don't notice. Some of the past reviewers said this happened to them too - just beware.5. On our last day, the phone rang for one ring at 7am, waking us up. Thinking it was just a fluke, we went back to bed, only to have the phone ring again once every hour for the next 3 hours! Since it was our last day and we were up already, there was nothing really to be done, but explain it to the receptionist upon checking out. He didn't really seem to care though.6. When we presented the valet with our ticket for our car, it took them 25 minutes to bring the car back. Kind of annoying since we really wanted to get on the road to head back home.TURNDOWN SERVICE - Every night we would come back to the room and the lights would be dim, music would be playing and chocolates, a bottle of water and the next day's weather forecast would be set beside our bed. A very nice touch! The only problem was that the maid clearly didn't check to see how many people were staying in the room, because s/he only left two chocolates and one bottle of water for four people. We're not complaining about getting free stuff, believe me, just pointing it out!INTERNET - There are two free computers with high-speed internet access in the lobby. If you bring your laptop, though, you can access the high-speed internet in your room, either by cable or wireless. The cable is free, but for the wireless, there is a daily charge. We just used the cable since it reached the bed anyway.PARKING - We paid $21 per day to valet park our car. The website doesn't mention this, but we found out ahead of time since we didn't assume anything was free. A few of the reviewers before me were surprised and annoyed by the charge, but parking in a large city is never free.SUMMARY - I would definitely stay at this hotel again, the rooms were great, the amenities perfect, the breakfast and wine and cheese definite plusses. The only thing that slightly annoyed me was the service and the lack of attention to detail. None of that really impacted our stay though, we had a great time!	
May 28 2007 	Great character great location	I was in Montreal for a conference, and stayed at the Place d'Armes. The hotel had great style and character. The hotel is located in a limestone building between Old Montreal/cathedral and the convention center (1 block). My room (a single but with plenty of space) has exposed brick walls on 2 sides, black wood floors with rug, very comfortable bed, elegant furniture, immaculately clean black-and white-bathroom. The desk (manager?) was extremely welcoming, friendly, helpful - offered to reserve a taxi for later as I was checking out and recommended timing, smiles, greetings, opened doors on arrival ... genuinely helpful. Breakfast was included and good quality. Bar was architecturally pleasing, cute but not super friendly waitstaff. I ate in the hotel restaurant one night - food was pretty good, on the pricy side. Public spaces were elegant with the smell of lilies. Nice touches - on arriving in the room at night, classical music was playing, dim light was on, and a free bottle of water and 2 chocolates was waiting. Perfect! Downsides - not many - the lighting was poor in the bathroom for makeup. Dual phone/internet jack was confusing. Window didn't open.	
May 20 2007 	Perfect for a Romantic getaway	Spent 4 days in this hotel on their romantic getaway package. Beautiful hotel (even by South Beach standards), Extremely hip and chic. Staff and concierge were extremely helpful and polite. Room service was excellent. Highly recommend the hotel resurant Aix - I still think about the pan seared fois gras with maple syrup. Very close to the old city and metro. Our room was huge and very confortable. Bathroom was very impressive.	
May 6 2007 	Wonderful boutique hotel in Old Montreal	This boutique hotel is the most wonderful place to stay in Old Montreal. My husband and I debated over staying here or somewhere else downtown but after a great anniversary weekend, we did not regret our decision. I loved staying in Old Montreal rather than the busy downtown area. The hotel had beautiful appointed rooms; exactly like in their pictures. The shower was amazing and the beds were very comfortable. They also had a great continental breakfast included. I especially loved the chocolate croissants. The wine and cheese in the evening also added a personal touch. The staff was friendly and granted our every request. When we visit Montreal again, we will definitely stay at Place D'Armes.	
Apr 29 2007 	Great Hotel!	Fantastic room! Great lighting, very nicely decorated, surround sound, fireplace(!), and fabulous bathroom. Loved everything about it. And the staff couldn't be friendlier. Will definitely be staying there again!	
Apr 26 2007 	Great location - great hotel	What a great sophisticated hotel in the heart of old Montreal. I've been there three times now, winter and spring and thoroghly enjoyed the ambience, location and feel of the area and the hotel. Wine bar at 5 was a great perk as was the terrific breakfast. My colleagues stayed at a more traditional chain hotel and guess where they went for evening entertainment and meals? Exactly, the Place D'arms.	
Apr 23 2007 	Nice introduction to Montreal and wonderful ambiance.	Upon my arrival I was greeted very kindly in French. I felt at home, the moment I stepped thought the door. It was cold, but I didn't notice because my room was cozy and comfortable. I made appointments at their spa, Rainspa. Their spa is a wonderful experience. Must I say, please do experience the &quot;Hammam&quot;, which is Montreal's only Middle Eastern steam bath. It was a treat and extremely relaxing. Also, when you awake, please have brunch at Eggspectation, which is in very close proximity to the hotel. Try the Belgian waffle with authentic Canadian maple syrup.When you're day winds down and you want a healthy selection of quality cocktails and some good fisn n' chips, go downstairs and dine at Suite 701.	
Apr 2 2007 	Top Notch in Montreal	What a great Hotel. Right in the heart of Old Montreal. Location, 30 minute walk to almost any where. The room, wow, we had the KIng size bed in a very large room, the extra space with the couch and extra chairs are really worth it. Reception and overall hotel great. Food at AIX, it's a wow......very good, great wine list, service top notch. Night Club, a real hot spot, packed on Saturday night. Overall the only place for us to stay in Montreal. It might cost a bit more than the other &quot;Chain&quot; hotels but the over package is well worth the cost. We will be back...........	
Dec 3 2006 	Be very very smart	Summary statement: I'm conflicted because despite several avoidable problems, we had a good time in the city of Montreal. One major taboo was crossed by the hotel staff and I would be extremely reluctant to stay here again.We booked via a package on LuxuryLink. I called in advance to setup spa and dinner reservations with the concierge. On arrival there was no record of any arrangements, so we did them over. We did not end up with the same times but part of traveling is to be reasonably flexible and we made it work.Montreal in August is a beautiful city. We had a great time seeing the city. Highly recommended.The food in the hotel was good, especially our meal at Aix. It's a delight to have a drink on the rooftop; one need not be a guest to do so.Staff was generally friendly but there was a wide range of experience. The checkout was a small disaster with billing errors due to not looking up the package contents that I had already purchased: the rebate on the tax should have been applied to the whole package, not just the charges from our stay. Be wise about the tax policy; the mechanism offered at the front desk does not come close to giving you the best return.The grand taboo? Twofold really. We were resting comfortably in our room late one afternoon, after the room had been cleaned, and the door was abruptly opened by someone from the outside. No knock. Weird. As soon as I called out, &quot;who's there?&quot; the door closed. Had to be staff since a keycard was used. The second part? My video iPod was stolen out of my carry bag. Apparently the twenty dollar tip we left for housekeeping the first night of our four night stay was not enough, or represented that we had money to spare. The response by the management was lukewarm at best. I realize that I am a guest and that I could take more significant precautions such as using a safe. That's on me. The violation of my personal space and property is on the hotel staff. Not cool.Beware.	
Oct 29 2006 	An Excellent Hotel In Old Montreal	I stayed at the Hotel Place d'Armes for 6 nights in late September, and I absolutely loved it. True, I had read previous reviews that the rooms on the second floor are right above the bar, and the noise could be a problem. I had already made a booking for a deluxe King room on the second floor. Reading the reviews, I made sure I brought with me a pair of heavy duty ear plugs. And no problems. The only night that I had to use the ear plugs was on a Thursday night, when they had an event going. Other than that I had no problems in regards to the noise.I found the staff to be very friendly, professional, and helpful. I enjoyed the complimentary wine and cheese, definitely a great experience. The deluxe King room I stayed in was fantastic - a very high ceiling, large windows with great views, and of course an extremely large, comfortable, King-sized bed. Pure heaven!! The CD player was nice, which enhanced my room even more.The one thing I found special was the complimentary turndown service. After coming back from dinner and being out and about I would return to my room with the lights dimmed, the blinds closed, water and chocolates laid out for me, my bed made, the next day's weather forecast placed next to my bed, and the radio playing at a low volume to a jazz station. I loved that touch on the staff's part - very classy.And an added bonus is the Hotel Place d'Armes is in easy walking distance to all the sights of Old Montreal. A perfect location.Rest assured when (and I do mean when) I return to Montreal I'll stay at the Hotel Place d'Armes again - an excellent hotel.	
Oct 26 2006 	Wonderful Experience!	My husband and I stayed here for our 2nd wedding anniversary and we enjoyed our stay immensely! The hotel is absolutely gorgeous, impeccably maintained, and decorated beautifully. The staff are polite and accomodating- we had a small issue with our fireplace but it was resolved quite quickly.We had dinner on our anniversary night at the Aix and it was an overall amazing experience. The food was incredible, and the service was truly top notch. We told our waiter that it was our anniversary and he gave us 2 glasses of apple cider (alcohol) on the house. It is apparently a Quebec specialty and it was delicious!The room we had was a balcony suite, with king size bed, fireplace, and a patio. We weren't able to make use of the patio since it was cold and rainy, but the view was nice. The bathroom was by far the best part of the room. The shower was huge, and the whirlpool tub was heavenly. The bed was so very comfortable- I didn't want to get up!We also had a massage and used the steam room. Again the service at the spa was fantastic, very attentive and pleasant.All in all it was a great experience. I would definitely come back, as long as I can get the same room!	
Oct 24 2006 	Great hotel great location	We stayed here for my wife's birthday, and she loved the place. The location is great for walking to Old Montreal, and even up to St. Catherine Street. We had dinner in the bar (Suite 701) the night of our arrival. They have a limited menu there, but reasonably priced and very good. They also make a great martini!We booked the King Deluxe room. It was beatiful -- exposed brick, and a 20+ ft ceiling. Based upon other reviews, I requested a quiet room, away from the bar. And, it was very quiet. The service was exceptional all the way around. Valets were prompt and friendly. Front desk was prompt and polite, They even brought us a complimentary box of truffles for my wife's birthday. The product in the bathroom was awesome, and that's not something that I usually care much about. I can't think of anything negative to say about the place. We will stay again. Next time we will upgrade to the King Suite so we can get the big soaker tub!	
Oct 24 2006 	delightful hotel	We loved our stay at the Place D'armes. We were upgraded to the penthouse, so what's not to like! The room was obviously grand and beautifully maintained. I peeked into several of the other rooms and they were all very nice. We would have been perfectly happy in any of one of them. The staff were all very accomidating and helpful. We very much enjoyed the wine and cheese in the evening and the breakfast was lavish. We had dinner one night in Aix which was actually the best meal of our stay. That's saying a lot with so much good food in Montreal. Both my husband and I had a massage. They were great. We really enjoyed the steam room afterwards also. We don't care much for cold weather so we won't be there in the winter, but can't wait to come back in the spring.	
Oct 16 2006	Great Stay!	My wife and I stayed at Place D’Armes for one night during a recent visit to Montreal. We booked a deluxe room with a double whirlpool bath, and we were not disappointed. The room was very spacious and the 15-foot ceilings made it seem even bigger. Our room was on the corner of the building and had four very large windows; so the room was very bright, when we wanted it to be.All of the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. We missed the complimentary wine and cheese that takes place between 5 p.m. and 7 p.m., but we still received a free glass of wine when we popped into the bar at 8:30 p.m. Our room rate also included a complimentary cold-buffet breakfast, which was really good. I highly recommend trying AIX, which is the restaurant inside the hotel. I do have one gripe from our stay. Our room was located on the second floor of the hotel directly on top of the bar, which operates as a nightclub in the late hours. We could easily feel the bass originating from the bar. We were both very tired, so we had no trouble falling asleep, but if you are a light sleeper, you may want to request a room on the third floor or higher. Other than this, our room was super quiet.All and all we had a great stay and would definitely stay at Place D’Armes next time we visit Montreal.	
Oct 13 2006 	great stay	My husband and I just returned from Montreal. Based on all the great feedback, I booked Le Place d'Armes. Although it was a little pricey (especially with the poor exchange rate), we loved the hotel. It was right across the street from Notre Dame and within walking distance of all of the sites and attractions. I booked a king suite. It was a large room with exposed brick and fireplace. The bathroom was the most impressive part of the room. Not only was it spacious, it had an incredible shower and Jacuzzi tub. The only minor issue I had was the dim lighting. Very cool but not very functional. While we did not partake in the evening wine tasting, we enjoyed the plentiful continental breakfast each morning. Also, my husband had a facial/massage at the RainSpa and was very pleased with the service. All in all this is a great hotel. I highly recommend it if you're willing to spend the extra money.	
Oct 9 2006 	great location wonderful room	staff was courteous, accomodating, pleasant.room was spacious, bath was complete with both rain shower and jacuzzi.across from the Basilica, near to Metro, Old Town, the Port..........couldn't ask for more. turn down service every night with the next day forecast by our bed, it was a terrific choice of stay.	
Sep 26 2006 	Good style and value	Excellent room. Lovely lobby and public areas. Bar is a zoo some nights, loud and mobbed. Cancelled restaurant reservation downstairs because of bar noise above. Rooms are spacious, junior suite, and well priced. Our room was away from the bar and very quiet. Free continental breakfast is nice. Front desk service good. Housekeeping is inconsistent. Only complaint on room is you need a flashlight to read in most parts of the room.	
Sep 25 2006 	A perfect perfect romantic getaway!	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Place d'Armes for our 20th wedding anniversary and could not have been happier! Frederic (concierge) was very helpful in finding restaurants and even booked a horse and carriage tour of Old Montreal. Our room was gorgeous as was our bathroom.....with air tub and huge shower with rain head. Classical music was playing in our room when we walked in....it was a celebration we will never forget. We will be back!! The hotel staff were fantastic to deal with......complete class act!Mark and Karen	
Sep 15 2006 	Not good at first	After booking room 3 months in advance, we were placed in a room directly over the bar which has a live band until 3:00 AM! After several calls to the front desk and told the music will stop at 12, then 2 and then &quot;I don't know, it's not my fault:&quot; the music stopped at 3:30 AM. Next morning spoke with front desk manager, Sophie, she assured us that music would not be again, we did not want to chance it, she moved us to a slightly smaller room on a higher floor away from the bar, sent us a personal apology note, a complimentary night stay and a bottle of port. Front desk staff are aware of bar problem, but choose not to make guest away prior to check in. Overall room was very nice, great location and Sophie rectified the negative situation to our full satisfaction. Stay here - but ask for a room above 3rd floor in building 1.	
Sep 12 2006 	Absolutely wonderful	This is one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. All the staff were very professional, courteous, and most helpful. It was very clean and the decor is beautiful. The complimentary breakfast was excellent and the complimentary wine and cheese in the evening added a nice touch. The location is in Old Montreal,near the river, Notre Dame Basilica, and many wonderful restaurants. The price was reasonable for that location and service provided.	
Aug 30 2006 	I'd rather sleep in my car.	This place looks better than it acts. It fails in comfort, convenience and trust. Although the hotel put us in the penthouse suite at the regular room's rate (they'd given away our room before our arrival), it was still poor value for the money.After our arrival, they kept us up for an hour - no exaggeration - while they searched for a polyfil pillow (I'm allergic to feathers and that was all the room provided.) They never did find a featherless comforter, although we were there for 2 nights and they sell them.They neglected to tell us at any time before presenting the bill that there would be a daily parking charge. They take guests' cars and whisk them away to an undergroud lot. A full half hour after they took my car, I saw it being driven down another street. (I'm sure; it was my license plate.)The hotel was happy to change a small amount of American dollars into Canadian, but said they couldn't change a similar amount back. The concierge had trouble recommending local places to dine, and I've have much better breakfasts at lower-priced hotels. It was also noisy enough in the street below to wake us up early in the morning, even through closed windows on the top floor.To top it off, when we arrived home we found an extra charge on our bill. When I called the hotel, they claimed it was a mini-bar charge. We never used the mini-bar. I can't help wondering if this charge was a mistake or a habit.If this hotel is the only place with a room the next time I'm in Montreal, I'll sleep in my car.	
Aug 29 2006 	Pleasant experience	We stayed at the Place D'Armes Hotel for one night for our anniversary and it was a pleasant experience. We had the superior king room on the 2nd floor. Not much of a view for us since our window faced the office building across the street (and our request for a room with a nice view made on our Expedia booking was not accommodated). Overall, the room was clean and nicely decorated. Though our room was located right over the bar/lounge, it was very quiet during the evening (but we stayed over on a Monday, so that may make a difference). I liked the fact that we can adjust the room's temperature. The buffet breakfast was quite good and plenty of food was available to fill you up until supper time. :) It was a pleasant experience for us.	
Aug 17 2006 	Beware of Rainspa	I wanted to experience the spa services of this hotel. The hotel has good reviews and Rainspa has a professional web site, so I expected the same of their spa. What a terrible assumption! The spa itself is nice, clean and inviting. The treatments however, (we had facials, manicures and pedicures) were very mediocre. It was not worth the money they charge. You can get much better service in Montreal and at less of a cost too. When we left, we forgot an important piece of jewelery there, and when we went back to get it , it was no where to be found. More importantly, we were told that if the chain was found they would contact us, otherwise it was just too bad! Could you believe this kind of attitude? After we (my husband and I spend the better part of the day using their services the day prior). I just find it appalling. Nobody was willing to take any responsibility at all. Somebody has the chain - it did not evaporate into thin air. Needless to say, with service like this, we will not be going back anytime soon. And if you are debating between going to Rainspa or elsewhere, do yourself a favor and go elsewhere. Chances are, you will not regret it.	
Aug 14 2006 	Over the Top	Le Place d'Armes Hotel was outstanding. From the minute we drove up and were greeted by the doorman, through an efficient check in at reception, to being guided to our wonderful room with patio overlooking Montreal, we were impressed. The room was fantastic, and the bathroom was spectacular, with an amazing shower and separate free standing bath tub. Our room was quiet and serviced promptly.We found the bar to be fun and friendly, the downstairs restaurant to be outstanding for dinner, and the hideaway lunch BBQ restaurant on the roof to be literally over the top.Do stay here if you are in the part of Montreal and seek a modern, sophisticated hotel with a certain elan.	
Aug 9 2006	Great location noisy bar...	All the reviews I read seemed to indicate this was an excellent hotel. Which at times it was, location-wise, for example, and the old look and feel. However I was very disappointed when I found saw that there was a bar/lounge inside the hotel, which made for some very noisy nights, and it was a pain trying to sleep. Plus it was a nightmare trying to go up and down the elevators at night, it was packed with party-goers trying to get in and out of the bar/lounge.It wasn't all bad, but if you like your sleep on vacations, then I'd be a tad careful. At least try and get a room which is on the top floor (we were on the floor right above the bar/lounge), and try to get it in the building other than the one which has the bar/lounge in it (which we tried to but all rooms were sold out).	
Aug 5 2006 	Superb service - Great Location	My stay at this hotel was fantastic.I was looking to get away for the weekend as a kick off to a week's vacation in the White Mountains of New Hampshire - thought Montreal would be a great way to do that. Researched several hotels on the Trip Advisor, AAA and other sites - and I felt as if the Place d'Armes seemed like the best value. It did not disappoint.I received a slightly better rate booking through AAA after comparing everybody. Only glitch was the hotel seemingly did not have my reservation - I did have my AAA confirmation, so be sure to print and keep it with you if you book through them. Kara was the associate I dealt with at the hotel at check in and assured me there would be absolutely no problem. Placed me in the Executive Suite for the inconvenience of the slight delay and was extremely pleasant. Rene assisted and was equally as cordial, pleasant and helpful. This was consistent with my stay regardless of the hour of day. I manage customer service for a living. I would hire both of these fine people in a second. (Incidentally, everyone spoke very good English, which was so helpful as my French is limited to pleasantries)Executive Suite was fantastic. If you are extremely picky, the carpet needed a shampoo, but the amenities and comfort were first class. I must suspect that the standard rooms are equally as comfortable based on my discussions with other visitors I met on my stay who were equally as complementary.Place d'Armes includes a breakfast buffet - continental style - which was fine. Coffee was hot. Staff there were friendly. Great start to the day.The restaurant transforms into a night club that stays open until 3am on weekends. This was PERFECT for how I wanted to enjoy Montreal. The interesting thing is that the noise that eminates from the club does not create a nuisance for those with rooms nearby. Well insulated. Great drinks. Beautiful people abound.I could not thank Kim and Prescill enough for the time they showed me on Sunday night - both bartend at the club in the hotel and on Sunday night after the bar closed at midnight, took me to the &quot;local&quot; scene that tourists do not visit. Everyone I came across was friendly, sociable and just simply fun to be around. If either of you read this &quot;thanks! You guys really added to my weekend!&quot;Jean-Phillip and Erik were helpful with the bags and car, too.A feature I love about this hotel is its location in Old Montreal. It is within a leasurely walking distance to the riverfront, museums, and open market areas of the city. It is kitty-corner to the Notre Dame Basillica which is a must see. And lastly, only a very short cab ride to St Catherine / St Laurent streets where the best Montreal night life is. I unfortunately did not get to visit Crescent Street which is also a night spot - but I hear it is worth a look.I did not try the restaurant for dinner. But I certainly hope to, because I will definitely book this great hotel again for my next trip to Montreal. After reading so many reviews and comparing prices, I was happy with my &quot;value play&quot;. Great stay all around.	
Aug 3 2006 	Penthouse was great	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for one night. We were in the penthouse suite. What is not to like?A giant extended king size bed in a bedroom the size of a luxury home large master bedroom with a huge bathroom. The Jacuzzi bathtub itself is definitely meant for lovers, big enough for two with room to spare. A separate extra large shower stall (again super for those in love or who want to rekindle passion). A decorated living room with an eating area. A large hall with a comfortable working area complete with a large desk. A flat screen TV in every room including the main bathroom. A second bathroom (great for married folks when the wife is using the main bath when getting ready to go out) A nicely stocked bar. Floor to ceiling windows. We had a nice view of the city of Montreal. Outside our suite was a beautifully decorated barroom for use of the guests on the floor (you make your own cocktails in your room and can relax there, there is no bartender or stock in the room). a nice buffet breakfast is served downstairs in the morning. The cost was $250 Canadian (less than $215 US). What a bargain! Located in old Montreal for a european flavor.	
Aug 3 2006 	Nice on the outside a headache on the inside...	This hotel has a clean, crisp feel to it on the surface but we found it was more than a little problematic when we dug a little deeper. First, the positivies: large, comfortable, clean rooms - it does not have the feel of a boutique European hotel in the least (at least not in appearences). It is obvious they spent a lot if time and expense on the decor and they keep it clean so it was a pleasure to return to after a long day of walking and sightseeing. The staff is friendly - for the most part - you wouldn't be hard pressed to find attitude either. For example, trying to explain that I had been billed for 2 rooms when in fact I had only stayed in one seemed to have gone right through the maitre'd as if I had commented on the weather. You will find that some of the people that work the front desk are unable to handle anything more than routine questions and procedure. You MUST speak with a supervisor if you have a complaint. My husband and I complained about the broken air conditioner as soon as we checked in - we were told an engineer would stop by to fix it that day or we would be moved. The following morning - when nothing was fixed, we went back to the front desk to check the status - after furiously trying to find our original complaint in some sort of a log book for 5 minutes the woman asked us if we would like for someone to look at it. Frustrated and confused we said &quot;yes&quot; and were assured the engineer would be by to check it that day. Returning around 5pm that afternoon we found - again - nothing had been done. This time we spoke with the supervisor and explained our issues. We were immediately upgraded to a suite at the same rate and given a complimentary bottle of wine with the hotel's apologies. We were happy with that. Then came check-out. We were charged for an extra room which I had mentioned to the blase maitre'd on my way out. My husband, who checked out later did not realize I had already paid for a night - and the nightmare ensued. I called up for the next week explaining the issue. After being assured we'd be credited for a night's stay I saw no credit 2 weeks later. Calling up and explaining it again I find the woman I spoke initially had not made any action to credit my account. Finally - a month later - my card was credited. I would stay here again if we found the same great rate (Expedia)- for the comfort and proximity - armed with the knowledge to check everything three and four times.	
Jul 20 2006	Found a Gem	My wife have visited Canada 14 times including 10 to Montreal. We have enjoyed each one but for the one we just completed in early July, we wanted a hotel close to the Old City area. Our AAA guide book listed several 4 &amp; 5 star hotels, among them Place d'Armes on Rue St. Jacques. It was described as an attractive 44 room hotel with a price within our range. We booked 5 nights on line.On arival we were astounded to learn that the smallish establishment had acquired 2 adjoning building, merged them &amp; totally remodeled it into 135 rooms that were the most tastefully decorated, comfortable rooms we had ever stayed at in Montreal.Besides the beautiful new appointments, there were 3 excellent dining rooms, a gym, bars, free breakfasts &amp; perhaps the most pleasant &amp; cooperative staff we ever encountered. We have travelled to several parts of the world but Canada is our favorite (also close, 1 hr, 20 mins. by air from Philadelphia.)In he past we have driven or rented cars there. This time we could walk to many of our favorite sites or take the excellent Metro system.One small problem with our room was corrected within hours by the maintenance staff. We strongly endorse this hotel &amp; look forward to returning in the future.Stuart LangHuntingdon Valley, PA	
Jul 15 2006	Fabulous Hotel	My husband and I just returned from our wonderful stay at the Le Place d'Armes Hotel in Montreal. The hotel is a boutique hotel with stylish and modern furniture and decorations admist a building reminiscent of the late 19th century. The Old Town location is perfect. You can walk to the cathedral, old port, Archeological Museum, Science Museum, many restaurants, and shops. Also the metro is one block away. The staff was very friendly and efficient. We were so impressed by our room (Superior with King) on the 4th floor facing the city. We got the VIP deal at $189 (Canadian) a night. The room was huge with a very nice, comfortable bed, and funky, cool furniture. There was plenty of space in the closets and drawers, very high ceilings, exposed brick, home theater system, robes, and slippers, and an electric fireplace. Everything was so clean and perfect. The bathroom was amazing (the size of it was reminiscent of my entire first apartment)! The sink was a work of art and the rainfall shower was so pleasant after a long day of walking in the sun. After reading other reviews and checking the hotel website I asked when I made the reservation (I first made it on the internet as some deals are only on the hotel website and then I called to add the specifics) were for the exposed brick, a room not on the first level, and a shower (the rooms either have the rainfall shower or a bathtub with shower). The hotel was able to give me everything I had asked for! The only two negative things I would mention which I have read on other reviews included some occasional noise on the street late at night from trash trucks and the nearby fire department and also one of the 5 pillows on the bed did have a slightly musty smell which I had read before. These things were so minor though that they did not affect our overall enjoyement and I am really a perfectionist! There was a complimentary breakfast every morning with croissants, pan au chocolat, coffee, juice, toast, bagels, fruit, cheese, and more. We would eat so much we were not hungry till the evening! The restuarant was beautiful as well. Every night from 5-7pm for all hotel guests there was a wine and cheese reception with delicious wine and cheeses with baguettes! It was so fun to hang out there at night with a drink to start the evening. The restaurant is a hot spot in Montreal and you can watch the elegantly and stylish young and the beutiful come in. The hotel is for everyone-we saw families with young/old chidren, singles, couples, and businesspeople. We also purchased the 3 day Museum and Metro pass which we highly recommend. It was a great deal! We took the metro quite a bit and went to 10 museums over 3 days. The pass can be purchased at the hotel and is $35 without metro or $45 with (I recommend getting it with the metro). We totalled what would have been the cost of the metro and museums we went to for the 3 days and it would have totaled about $200 for both of us and with the passes we paid $90 total. Our favorite museums were the Canadian Architecture and the Archeology Museum. The summer is great with many festivals and fireworks. We went to the Just for Laughs outdoor festival 2 nights and had a great time. Dinner in the Latin Quarter is fantastic. The restaurants/cafes are delicious and affordable. We spent our last day walking around the port and took an hour boat tour on the Le Petit Navreau-$14 per person and it is an electric boat which is good for the environement. It was romantic and relaxing. I highly recommend Le Hotel Place d'Armes to any visitor to Montreal! It was a perfect stay and a very good deal!	
Jul 12 2006	Wonderful hotel	Stayed at Place d'Armes over the new year and was pleasantly suprised. Originally had planned to stay at Hotel Nelligan but since they were booked they directed us to their sister property, the Place d'Armes.We loved almost everything about this property. Beautiful rooms, wonderful fireplaces, huge bathrooms, great service. It is very close to the Old Town. It is a bit removed from the shopping district in Montreal though. Nevertheless, Montreal has a great subway and the hotel has a station just one block away. Noise was not a factor in my room, and it was New Year's as well.I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a comfortable place to explore this great city.	
Jul 6 2006	Nice decor good staff but...	Hotel Place D'Armes is wonderfully decorated with a modern serene sensibility. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The restaurant in the hotel is excellent and overall we had a pleasant stay here. However, like many boutique hotels it focuses a bit too much on the superficial and not enough on the foundations of the enterprise. We had to be moved from our first room because their was some kind of a water leak under the bed that began to smell very musty and also because our DVD player didn't work and they told us we could bring dvds -- which we did. After some confusion as to whether we were moving or not, we were efficiently moved to the new room to discover the hot water wasn't working in that area of the building. Fortunately, it was back by the next day but then we discovered that the whirlppool wasn't working which we decided to not bring up. The showers, by the way, are great -- very roomy with a rainfall shower head that was most pleasant. There were some little confusions too with our bill when we checked out -- little things like that which make the hotel seem like it might be falling apart on the inside and that management is a little discombobulated. We were very pleased though that they gave us a discount for our troubles. The hotel is nicely located between View Montreal and the Jazz Fest -- very convenient. If you're fussy I wouldn't stay here but if you don't mind a few rough edges, it's a pretty pleasant hotel. I would rate this 3 1/2 stars.	
Jul 3 2006	Like Paris without the ChainSmoking	Place d'Armes, which we picked because of TripAdvisor, was excellent. Beautiful. Great room. Great staff. Restaurant AIX outstanding. Location excellent. Our room was a top-floor suite and nearly as large as our apartment in New York. Highly recommended.	
Jul 1 2006	Wonderful Experience	My Husband and I recently decide to take a road trip to Montreal with our two young sons ( 9 months/3 years old). Upon arriving at the hotel we were treated with the great service this hotel is know for. The doorman and bellman both waited patiently as we unloaded our car. You can imagine how much gear we had to bring with two small kids. The bellman showed us to our room that was quite nice. My sons were so happy to get out of the car and be able to stretch out in the large king size bed. We had ordered a crib that was suppose to be in the room but was not there. The bellman told us he would look into it right away when he got back downstairs. No joke, within 15 minutes, a man from housekeeping brought up the crib. When my husband tried to tip him he refused to take it.The location was perfect for us and will definitely go back.	
Jun 20 2006	Excellent location 	I found this hotel on tablet hotels.com, and was not disappointed. It was a beautiful old historic building, once the Life Insurance Bldg., dating back to the 19th century. Everything has been updated in a chic, modern decorator style, though keeping the integrity of the historical architecture. The restaurant AIX was EXCELLENT, as was the food in the bar (you can order from the AIX menu in the bar). Breakfast, included in the price when we stayed was delicious as well, with much to choose from. Service was nice, and the room was beautiful. We were upgraded to a suite, when our a.c. broke in our room. Large floor to ceiling windows and exposed brick. Huge modern bathroom with a large glass shower for 4!!!! The location is fabulous, right across from Notre Dame Cathedral, and in walking distance to everything lovely Old Montreal has to offer. We enjoyed many delicious meals and just walking around the city. The only thing holding me back from giving this hotel 5 stars was the fitness center. It had to be opened with a key, and the equipment was lacking, the room small and stuffy (no a.c. on when they opened the door to let me in). If they could upgrade that a bit, then I would give Place D'Armes 5 stars for sure. Really enjoyed our stay and will be back for sure on our next visit.	
Jun 18 2006	FANCY CONTEMPORARY HOTEL GREAT LOCATION	Me and my nusband stayed in this nice contemporary hotel for 3 nights and found it fashionable, comfortable and convinient. There are an expensive restoraunt &quot;AIX&quot; with a wonderfuly presented delicious french causine, fancy bar 701 filled with locals all weekend nights. Continental breakfast is included and it has a great selection you would't normaly expect from such type of breakfast. We were delighted! Service generaly was nice and staff was very helpful.Location of this hotel is the most convinient. Notre-Dame Basilica is just across the street and old Montreal is short stroll away.We'd definetely recommend this hotel to anyone, the only drawback is that this place is kind of expensive given current exchange rate and vallet parking they provide is also expensive. If you travel by car it would be better not to use hotel service for tax refund because you would be able to get a full refund (without any service fees) in canadian duty free shop on the border instantly and in cash.	
Jun 11 2006	Not bad not perfect	In a nutshell: Nicely appointed, street noise comes right through the wallls, clean &amp; comfortable.The Hotel Place d'Armes is a recent retrofit of three adjacent buildings. The furnishings throughout the hotel are modern: dark woods, conservative colors, and interesting lighting. There is a bar on the first floor that is setup for breakfast in the morning, and transforms into one of Montreal's hotspots at night. The hotel offers wine and cheese reception coupons for happy hour. It is a nice offer, but I never used the coupons, because the local culture is to work later and proceed directly to dinner [which lasts at least three hours].The hotel hosts a fabulous restaurant which is directly beneath the bar. For those who love heavy meat dishes, go for the lamb or wild boar. If you can't get enough Copper River Salmon, then definitely have the artic char. The rooms at the hotel are fairly large -- although I can't speak for them all. The decor and feel are very much 'W Hotel', but without the Heavenly Bed or Heavenly Shower. The bed is a pilow-top, with high thread-count cotton sheets, and a down comforter in a cotton douvet [all white on my stay]. There is a desk with high-speed Ethernet, dial-up, and power. The chair is executive-style and comfortable.There are two types of lighting: regular incandescent and LED. The regular lighting is built into the large furniture, which provides good enough light to see where you are walking and that you are picking out the right color socks. The LED lighting is a very cold color, and does not add much to the feel of the place. There is one large armoire with drawers for clothes. Iron and ironing board are included. The in-room safe, slippers, robe, and laundry bags are tucked into various places. There is enough room around the armoir to drop three large suitcases and not impede the primary path from door-to-bath-to-bed.The mini-bar is setup with enough booze to forget any bad business day, as well as the day after. The entertainment center includes shelving with books, red wine, wine glasses, ~27-inch TV, and fireplace. The room I was in had surround sound.The bath is entirely stone. The shower runs the length of one wall with a step entry at the end away from the regular shower head, with an overhead raindrop shower. Counterspace is a limited, but the shelf under the sink provided room to set things not being used.Despite all these nice things, everytime a bus drove by, I felt compelled to check if the windows were closed. Another nice touch [sic] was the 6AM shock of construction on the terrace above my room. Since the company I was visiting provided an extremely discounted rate at this hotel, the decision was made for me on staying here. At regular rates, I would have stayed at the W [five blocks away] and visited the Place d'Armes for the restaurant and bar.	
Jun 7 2006	Classy option in Old Montreal	This is a very stylish hotel in a good location for a tourists visit. Similarly to the previous reviewer we got a very good deal of $180 CAN per night. We had booked a Superior King room and got a room on the fourth floor of the second building (People's bank building). There was no exposed bricks in the room, but it was a good size, elegant furnishings with some trendy touches. The hotel is not aimed at the 20-30 old crowd and hence the design is maybe not as trendy or as hip as many other boutique hotels. The bed was extremely comfortable, but the pillows did smell a bit musty and even after requesting new pillow cases the smell remained.The room did not have a bath in it either, and although the shower was large it would have been nice to relax in a bath after a day's sightseeing. However, the bathroom design was very stylish and hip. The wine and cheese voucher was a pleasant touch and the wine was drinkable enough, and I agree that the cheeses were nothing special. The breakfast was very tasty and having it in the hotel's bar made a nice change to the usual breakfast room scenario.All in all this is an excellent hotel and I would definitely recommend it if a good price is available. Some small things (loud AC unit, bath in room, pillows) can still be improved which explains the 4 stars and not the maximum rating. However, the Place d'Armes is a great hotel which makes for an excellent base in Old Montreal.	
Jun 5 2006 	Lovely Boutique Hotel - better than advertised	Very nice hotel for the price. We stayed in the 2nd wing on the 5th floor in a Superior Room with King Bed. The hotel was several blocks away from the main part of old Montreal. It's a short walk, a few blocks from Chinatown. And it's almost across from Place de la Congres (Convention Center). Very convenient.The room was clean and chic. Faux fireplace was a nice touch. Free wireless internet was a plus. Shower and bathroom were large. The view was good. The bed was comfortable. The gym was very decent, with free weights.Front desk staff were pleasant. Free wine and cheese every evening. We ate out so can't comment on the food. Breakfast was more than adequate.Their website doesn't do it justice. It was a pleasant surprise to find a hotel better than advertised. Highly recommend for the chic traveller.	
Jun 1 2006	Stylish and Comfortable Good Value	This is a very elegant (if masculine) boutique hotel bordering on the luxurious in a good location for basic tourist needs. I guess it needs be said right off the bat that my impression of the joint is based on a per night cost of just under $200 CAN- I would not have been as enamored at $300 per night for sure. Some of the day shift staff seem less than helpful but all are quite friendly. Had a problem with my AC not working in my first room- had to complain twice after giving plenty of time for them to address- but after the second complaint we were brought up to a suite with terrace which was really fabulous. Bathrooms are all great, marble and large, but the enormous promising shower heads lack good water pressure. Beds are the most comfortable I have slept in any hotel period. There are vouchers given upon check-in for free wine and cheese cocktail hour from 5-7PM. Its one drink per person per night- but the wine was quite good. The cheese however is unlimited but is utterly worthless on the quality front. I would advise them to just eliminate the cheese selection if they can't do better than that. Complimentary continental breakfast is a nice gift though- plenty adequate for most people's needs. The rooftop lounge was closed during our stay, because evidently the Ice Bar melted and caused significant water damage. That gets me every time. Overall, the hotel is very stylish, clean, and comfortable and right around the corner from the heart of the Old City. I would almost certainly return were I to see similar rates again.	
May 24 2006	Hip clean quiet	A very nice, modern, hip hotel in a great location. Was just there for two nights. Umbrellas in the closets, which came in handy since it poured the whole weekend! Booked two rooms. When checking in, one of them was very warm and smelled of stale smoke. Front desk quickly changed us to a better room. Bathrooms are ultra-modern with very cool showers and sinks. My only gripe is that the room, and especially the bathroom, were very dark! They need better lighting. Other than that, would definitely return. And at C$204 a night, the price was fair.	
May 7 2006	Tough to make a better choice	I like Hotel Place d'Armes so much that, even if I live in Montreal and work close by, I bring my wife a couple times a year to get away from the children. The rooms are spacious, have character and are well equipped. A welcome drink and very good continental breakfast are included. The Hotel is right on the Place d'Armes in the heart of Old-Montreal. From some rooms you can see Notre-Dame Church. The area is fantastic for people who like to walk on narrow streets surrounded by old stone buildings. Most buildings in that area are 200 years old. And the restaurants are just magnificient: Verses at Hotel Nelligan (same owner as the Place d'Armes), Les Remparts , Bonaparte, ... are all less than a 5-minute walk away.	
Apr 5 2006	What a Wonderful Hotel!	Pros: - Beautiful hotel, inside and outside- Romantic atmosphere - brick walls, gorgeous shower, boutique leather furniture, premium audio and video system - Excellent service throughout both in English and in French- Very good breakfast- Located in Old City - right next to Notre Dame- We paid $140 a room via Expedia - a great bang for the buck. The price quoted by hotel was significantly higher ($200)- Free broadband internet included! (great for skyping on the road or checking your email)- Cheap valet parking ($20 CAN / night )Cons: - Free wine and cheese (5-7pm in the bar) included cheap cheese and barely-ok wine.Conclusion: Excellent bang for the buck, beautiful non-corporate, truly boutique hotel located right in the Old City. One of the best hotels I have ever been to in my life!	
Apr 3 2006	loved it	Spent a wonderful romantic getaway at the Place D'armes last year. In Old Montreal near great restaurants and has an amazing brunch. Probably not a great place to take the kids, but for couples it is wonderful. Rooms are upscale with a great metropolitan feel (redone in the past few years). Have sent several couples here who all loved it. We'll definitly return.	
Mar 28 2006	Wonderful hotel in the heart of Vieux Montreal	The recently revamped and expanded Hotel Place D'Armes is surely one of the top hotels in Vieux Montreal. The hotel blends elegance with modernity in a subtle and natural way. The rooms feature high ceilings and elegant (and not over the top) furnishings. Huge bathrooms with a nice therapeutic bathtub (I stayed in a deluxe suite). Prices are very reasonable and little extras such as the complimentary breakfasts, complimentary wine and cheese, and no-charge high-speed internet make the hotel one of great value. Service is top notch and the location is awesome. Right in the heart of one of Montreal's historic squares, across from the Basilique Notre-Dame, and within walking distance to all major Vieux-Montreal attractions, the hotel is also very close to a metro station. I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel and will definitely stay here again when I return to the city.If you would like more specific information, feel free to contact me via e-mail.	
Mar 27 2006	It doesnt get better than this!	Well I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel, it was just wonderful in every way.Perfect location, spotless, nice staff. Possibly the nicest place I have ever stayed. If you go to montreal and dont stay here you're missing out!	
Feb 27 2006 	Thumbs up	I have stayed at Hotel Place d'Armes a number of times and wanted to add my &quot;thumbs up&quot; to this list. Owing to work related travel, I have had the pleasure of staying in many prestigious hotels in the US, Canada, and UK. Hotel Place d'Armes is one one of my favourite hotels in North America, and perhaps the only luxury hotel that I could describe as value for money.The hotel is upscale and hip without being too pretentious. It has class and a few nice touches for patrons (e.g., a free breakfast that is simple but sufficient).Location is good for sightseeing and not too far from conference centres and business activities.While some of the rooms are quite small, all of those that I have stayed in have been extremely well appointed.Staff are helpful and generally unobtrusive.The evening wine and cheese is a nice way to relax before heading off for dinner. The patio in summer is a fantastic place to begin an evening in old Montréal.	
Nov 30 2005	A great Thanksgiving at the Hotel Place d'Armes	My wife and I have just returned from a fantastic 3 night stay at the Hotel Place d'Armes and as it was our first trip to Montreal it was a great initiation. The hotel is perfectly located in Old Montreal and only a block from the Metro which was invaluable during the cold weather we had. Our room was very well furnished and had a perfect view onto the Place d'Armes and the Notre Dame Basillica opposite. The housekeeping was always great and the inclusion of a next-day weather report with the turn-down was extremely helpful for planning our sightseeing. The staff on the front desk were extremely helpful and friendly at all stages especially in helping us with our restaurant reservations - it is worth noting that the attached restaurant, Aix, is definitely worth a visit. Our only slight let down was our first attempt at the complimentary wine and cheese offered by the management at the hotel bar, as the area was jam-packed with a private function that we were unaware of on our arrival. But overall we had a great time at the Hotel Place d'Armes and are looking forward to returning.	
Oct 17 2005	Knocked My Socks Off!	I love hotels. The Hotel Place D'Armes was maybe my favorite hotel room of all time. I paid only about $185/night for 3 nights, had a truly impressive room in the new building, got a free continental breakfast and cocktail hour, was in a great location in Vieux Montreal right near the Basilica, and was generally treated like a queen in all ways. When there was a little problem with my manicure at the spa (it was the first week they were open), they gave me a free pedicure. My room included a fabulous slate-tiled walk-in shower with one of those shower heads that feels like rain, and I adored the faux fireplace, leather club chair, and the nice touches like bottles of water and a weather report for the next day, which was left by my bedside. If you want to stay in Old Montreal and want comfy and pampering accommodations at a downright jaw-droppingly reasonable price, you can't do better than this.	
Oct 5 2005	Old Wing is Just Fair	I'm a frequent visitor to Montreal who stays at another high end hotel in Montreal (I have a frequent member card at this hotel) and I was curious about the Place D'armes. First off, I wanted and requested a room in the &quot;New wing&quot; if possible. The hotel was full when I stayed this Sunday evening so I got a room in the older section. I booked through 5 star Alliance and the room was supposed to be 650 sq. feet for a cost of $250.00. When I walked into the room I was surprised at how small it was. The room was ok but there were stains on the rug. I asked for a key to the mini-bar and the front desk said that she'd have someone bring it up-never happened. Perhaps if I stayed in the &quot;New wing&quot; I would have been happier but for the money I'm going back to what I know. Hotel Place D'armes was nothing special!	
Sep 29 2005	Like the SOHO Grand in NY	Loved the 12' ceiling height in the rooms. Good bar and efficient service. Central Location allowed us to walk everywhere. Even though our room was on the street side of the hotel it remained very quiet. Would stay here agin.	
Sep 28 2005 	A Haven of Heaven in Montreal	I stayed here for a week in June of 2005, and thought I had died and gone to heaven! As my trip was for business (a stressful convention) the superior service and attention to detail was mch appreciated. The hotel lend me a laser printer free for the week, large deliveries were promptly brought to my room, and they made my stay so enjoyable I didn't want to leave. Delicious breakfast every morning, and a beautiful room made me feel like I was in Paris. And the lovely sound system, comfy bed and jetted tub took care of any stress I had accumulated during the day. The location, attentive service and amenities all make me want to return to this hotel just as soon as I can - and I am a picky person! One thing I did notice was that my room would be cleaned later in the day (2-3pm); I don't know if that's because of the location of my room or just standard practice. The restaurant attached to the hotel is delicious and well worth the splurge for a tranquil lunch or dinner. I can't say enough about this place - I recommend it highly!	
Sep 6 2005	Look elsewhere for better value	Spent two nights at the Place d'Armes over Labor Day weekend (2005) with five children. I booked the rooms through Travelocity as their rate was $75 (US) cheaper and when I called the hotel, they advsed me they could not match the rate and to book via the internet. I then emailed the hotel (using their &quot;contact us&quot; button on their web site) and requested a crib, a non-smoking room and dining recommendations. I received an autoreply that the recipient was away on vacation for a few days and would answer my email upon return from vacation. I never received a response. When I checked in and mentioned this disappointing failure (for $300 US/night, I expect a response), the concierge was very apologetic and stunned me by telling me that the person who didn't bother returning the email was in fact the hotel owner. I just don't see how ignoring guests is good long-term business.As for the room and hotel, it is tricked-out in modern and stylish decor. The concierge upgraded us to a nicer suite than what I booked and it was very roomy. However, housekeeping did not show up until 4:30 pm and the dinner reservations we asked to be made were never made. The crib was cheap quality and unsafe. It also lacked the typical extras (stuffed animals, baby bath, etc) usually provided by better hotels. The continental breakfast was adequate. No effort was made by the front desk to inquire if we enjoyed our stay or if they could get anything for us. Location was convenient to Old Town.Given the favorable exchange rate and abundance of fine hotels in Montreal, I'd research alternative hotels before spending much at the Place D'Armes.	
Sep 6 2005	Disappointing servce	We just returned from a three night stay at the Hotel Place d'Armes. Based on previous reviews here, we were expecting a nice experience - we were sadly disappointed. Each day we returned to our hotel room in the late afternoon (3:30pm and 5:30pm) to find that our room had not been cleaned. Minor issues (but surprising for this type of hotel): we received turn-down service only one of the three nights, we received the morning paper only one of the three mornings, staff made little attempt to say hello or smile.	
Sep 4 2005 	Fantastic hotel	My husband and I experienced 6 nights stay at this lovely hotel.As others already stated, the hotel was perfect to us as well.All of the staffs are friedndly and helpful.After 17 hours' travel from Japan,we finally arrived Montreal very tired at midnight, we are invited into the beautiful room promptly and had a good sleep in the big clean bed.As air company lost my suitcase,I asked the front desk to let me know when the suitcase was delivered as soon as possible. They seemed to keep it in mind and checked the status of the suitcase on PC often and told me what was going on with it . When my wheelchair was partially broken,they called a hotel mechanic and the man came in 10 minutes and fixed its wheel.Let me add that even guests with wheelchair can enjoy the hotel stay without any problem.They made reservations for the taxi , musical concerts and so on for us.The advices they gave us what to do,where to visit in Montreal were corect and we really enjoyed the city.The Congress center was juts 2 minutes' walk from the hotel,this helps my husband a lot.I could go to Place de Art in ten minutes walk and enjoyed the museum exhibition and the musical Evita there.I could walk to downtown area in some 20 minutes with my wheelchair.The hotel location was good.They offer a nice breakfast and a cocktail time with cheese and wine for free.They also have a good restaurant which wins a good reputation.I really love the hotel and will be back in October again.Please excuse me for my poor English.	
Aug 30 2005	Faultless	Stayed here for 4 nights on holiday and it was excellent. We payed $175ca per night but we were upgrded to a suite which was huge and very well decorated, appointed and furnished.The staff were the most genuine and helpful that I have encountered in a long time. The concierege (Luc?) noticed us waiting for a tour in reception - he came over, checked that we were ok, phoned the copmpany and organised a takeaway breakfast. Breakfast was nice with a good selection and I enjoyed the bar food too.	
Aug 22 2005 	Loved this Boutique Hotel and Staff	I stayed at the Hotel Place d'Armes for business and was treated to lovely accomadations a friendly staff that treats every guest like a VIP and a luxurious atmosphere. Unlike other hotels I stay at for business, this felt like a mini vacation.I walked into my room and found music softly playing, a large standard room with natural lighting, a large comfortable bed, a large bathroom (shower only) and was delivered cookies and water that evening.I had cheese and wine in the bar and the bar manager was very friendly, remembered who I was and who I was seen with the following evenings so he could point me in my parties direction. He made sure everyone was comfortable, had a drink or food in hand, without being overbearing. Breakfast in the morning was full of choices, the food was good and the coffee was strong.I had a lovely stay and look forward to my return. I would stay here for business or pleasure without hesitation and highly recommend this hotel for either.	
Aug 21 2005	if you're picky stay here!!!	My husband and I have stayed in many hotels in different cities based on reviews we're read on Tripadvisor. This was one of them, and all the prior reviews were definitely accurate! We are VERY picky travelers who always stay in the most high end hotel we can find for under $200/night, and found this stood up to our expectations, and then some. This is a very nice, VERY clean boutique hotel in a perfect location with lots of great extras, for a very reasonable price. It is one block away from the Metro stop, and is located right in Old Montreal. There is FREE wine and cheese served in the hotel bar area (or the rooftop terrace, if you prefer) every afternoon. The continental breakfast (also FREE) was excellent- I don't know what others were expecting when they complained about it in their reviews. They had a very nice selection of bread, cheese, delicious muffins, bagels, lots of fruit, juices, cereal, etc etc. More than good enough to fill you up so you can enjoy your morning sightseeing! Free daily newspaper too. The room was very nicely decorated and spotlessly clean, and we were in the OLD part of the hotel. Valet parking expensive as usual, but good service. Overall we try to find nice, classy hotels that we look forward to returning to after a long day of sightseeing, and that are part of the experience of traveling to the city we're staying in, and this one was another perfect find!	
Aug 6 2005	Fantastic - couldnt fault it	Recently expanded, we were fortunate enough to have one of the rooms in the refurbished new wing, on the third floor. The rooms are large, the beds huge and comfortable, the shower equally large and luxurious. The location couldn't be better - opposite the Basilica, near a Metro.The hotel provides a Continental breakfast in the cost, and there is free cheese and wine each evening. The staff are helpful, friendly, and bilingual.I can't praise this hotel enough. Its excellent in every way.	
Aug 5 2005	Great Hip Luxurious Hotel	All of the prior reviews are accurate, this is a great hotel. The location in old Montreal is as good as any, right next to the Notre Dame Cathedral. The Hotel gives a hip, luxurious feel in the lobby and bar/restaurant area. The hotel gives free wine and cheese parties at night and breakfast in the morning in a great room, with a very cool, hip vibe. I had two kids with me and while all staff was very courteous and warm, make sure your kids are behaved, it is an adult feel to the room.The guest room is another ultra hip, luxurious suprise. I am suprised I have not read about the bathroom which is better than any I have stayed including, W and Ritz hotels. Take the time to find the rooftop bar/restaurant. There was no one there when we went up including workers even though the outdoor grill was on, and it is not promoted, but it has a great view and worth the time.The other top rated hotels in old Montreal seem to be equally nice, but when we went in July the Place D'Armes was a solid $100.00 cheaper, so go with it.By the way, I am not easily impressed, and this is a great hotel.	
Jul 27 2005	Small hotel big on service	We stayed for three nights in July 2005 (we paid 175.00 CD) and we were not disappointed! The staff is extremely helpful and willing to please, even when busy. They make you feel like they have been waiting just for you to arrive. The room was divine, and in our opinion, not at all small, although it was a little cramped with a rollaway bed. The room was immaculate and furnished simply and luxuriously. When our valet opened the door to our room, we were greated with classical music playing on the radio. After the long drive, partly in the rain, this room and this hotel was wonderfully refreshing!We were not disappointed in the evening wine and cheese. One of our party didn't drink, so instead of wine, enjoyed a soda with the abundant bread and varied cheeses. Two wines were offered for the complimentary glass, a red and a white. The breakfast was outstanding with delicious breads and pastries, cereal, yogurt, fruit, juices, coffee, teas, and cheeses.I only have a few small complaints; we had to call three times to get our rollaway bed, and it was not a good bed, even for a rollaway. However, I slept on it and was comfortable enough. Local phone calls are 1.00 each, which I think is kind of chintzy, and valet parking was 17.00 a day. The charge for parking was not made clear on the website, and I wouldn't have even known about it if I had not read another review on this site. However, this is a city hotel, and even if they had parking on site, you wouldn't really expect it to be free.Other than these small complaints, I can't say enough good things about this hotel, and if I return to Montréal, most likely I would stay here.	
Jul 8 2005	Excellent and Superb Attention	It is a terrific hotel: the location, the staff, the breakfast, the bed, the linens, the bath, we pay CA$175 per night and it worth every penny.	
Jun 24 2005	Boutique Hotel D'Armes Pleasant Surprise	We are a family of 4 and stayed at the Hotel Place D'Armes summer 2003. When we first drove up we thought it was a dump from afar because it is located on the edge of a renovated section. What a delightful surprise. When the front doors opened we were in heaven: Gorgeous, modern lobby w/ comfortble seating, delicious snacks, friendly service, tastefully decorated room although a bit small but fine, a small workout room, a pretty public terrace overlooking the city and all in a perfect location at an affordable price.Highly recommend this lovely boutique hotel!	
Jun 21 2005	Loved this little hotel	Possibly the nicest hotel experience I have ever had. The staff was incredibly helpful, the restaurant downstairs had lovely food, the location was ideal- I have absoulutely no complaints. I loved this hotel, and so did the other four people who came with me (ranging in age from 29- 63). I noticed that other people have remarked on the room size, but my opinion is this: when you stay in a boutique hotel in the middle of a city as beautiful and cosmopolitan as Montreal, you'd be a fool to stay in your room for any long stretch of time. The rooms are not spacious, but they are beautifully appointed and perfect for relaxing after a day of sightseeing. Bigger is not always better.	
Jun 1 2005	Perfect Romantic Getaway	Five wonderful days 5/25/05-5/30/05 at the Place D'Armes, superior room with a view of the Noter Dame Catheral across the street. Service in all respects perfect, staff was just super friendly and nice to my wife and I. Rooms were just as described on their website, zero disappointments. Kept spotless by the housekeeping ladies. Loved the evening free wine and cheese as well as the breakfast in the morning. Roof top, great place for a glass of wine, plate of cheese, sit and view the Old City. Hotel located in the Old City just a short stroll to the port. Many many wonderful large, small, quaint place to eat all price ranges. Metro stop one block down the hill from the hotel in case you wanted to explore the other delights of Montreal. Flew in, $31CAN cab ride from the airport, no car rental necessary. I planned the trip as a romantic getaway for my wife and I who reside in Destin, FL. It was all that and more thanks to the Place D'Armes and its superb staff. I will stay there again..the hotel is expanding to include additional rooms and suites, Bristo in the lobby and new Bar as well as a top of the line SPA..all of which will be fully operational by mid June 05.	
May 17 2005	A wonderful hotel	We enjoyed a four night stay in a deluxe king room. The bed was very comfortable and the room was spotlessly clean. The restaurant Aix downstairs has great, creative cuisine. The staff went out of their way to give good restaurant recommendations and offbeat places to see in Montreal. They were always very helpful and made you feel very welcome at the hotel. I will stay here again on my next trip to Montreal.	
May 12 2005	Romance Package was great	Following is a very long review of our stay at the Hotel Place D'Armes on May 5 and 6, 2005. Hotel Place D’Armes is a very nice boutique hotel in a prime section of Old Montreal, a short walk to both the old port and downtown Montreal. The hotel is a little hard to drive to because of all the one-way streets, and the street is full of construction vehicles working on Phase 2 of the hotel, making it hard to find a place to pull over, grab your luggage and hand off your car to the valet; however, with a little maneuvering, it can be done. The staff at the check-in is very friendly and accommodating, quick with directions and always greeting us warmly after our outings. The valet was very helpful, going back to our car to retrieve items we had forgotten in our haste to avoid blocking the road when arriving.The lobby, public areas and guestrooms of the hotel are classically decorated and very pleasing. Coffee, tea, cappuccino and espresso are available in the lobby at all times, which is a nice bonus.We booked the &quot;Romantic Getaway&quot; for our anniversary for $660, which with taxes and parking, came to $800 for two nights.The package inclusions listed on the website are as follows: Accommodations for two nights in one of our loft style suites  Continental breakfast served in bed  Wine and Cheese Cocktail every night  Dinner for two at Restaurant Aix cuisine du Terroir (service included)  Two ½ hour of massage in the comfort of your bedroom or our dedicated massage room  Chilled champagne  AccommodationsPerhaps I'm wrong, but I've always assumed a loft indicates a second floor. The hotel does have some two-storey suites; however, when our confirmation was e-mailed, it stated &quot;King Deluxe Room&quot;. I e-mailed the hotel and asked why it stated &quot;King Deluxe Room&quot; when the website stated &quot;loft-style suite&quot; and I was told that they are the same thing. In any case, our room was of average size, with a nice double-jacuzzi tub. All the photos of rooms I have seen on the web show what is likely a suite. However, that being said, the room was very nicely decorated. We had a corner room with three high windows and a nice view of the edge of the cathedral. The furniture is very attractive and well laid out, the bathroom nicely done, with good shampoos and soaps, etc., and best of all, the king size bed is very comfortable. Although I would not say our room was large, it was a fair bit larger than the standard room in which we had our massages. Although there is a lot of construction currently going on next door, we were never bothered by any noise. I found the room very comfortable and attractive. In our room documents were a couple of business cards with my husband’s name, and our hotel contact information, presumably to give out during business meetings – nice touch. Continental BreakfastWhen we checked in, we were told that we had a choice of breakfast in the restaurant, or in breakfast in bed. We chose to go down to the restaurant, and, for a continental breakfast, we found it very good. There was a wide selection of fruit, breads, yogurts and beverages, as well as some cereals and hard boiled eggs. One strange thing we noticed was that there were no salt shakers anywhere and no salt packets. We asked a waitress for salt, and she appeared to look for some but evidently never found any – she didn’t come back in any case. Other than for the hard-boiled eggs, salt probably wasn’t necessary.  Wine and Cheese CocktailAt check in, you are given two slips that entitle you to your Wine and Cheese cocktail. The wine and cheese was served in the bar section of the restaurant; it might have been nicer if it had been in the lobby bar, which never opened during our stay. You receive one glass of wine per person; if the server asks you if you would like another, make note you will be billed ($18 plus tip for two glasses of wine).  Dinner at Restaurant Aix Cuisine du TerroirAt check in, you receive a voucher for your dinner, and you just need to tell the front desk when you would like to have the dinner. I had thought that we would be able to order from the regular menu; however, it turned out that the Romance Package has a set menu. We were give a choice of soup or appetizer (although once we made our choice, they brought us both anyways), choice of two entrees, cheese plate and dessert. We had the arctic char with risotto, and although the risotto was rather tasteless, the fish was good. I was too full after a bit of cheese to order a dessert, but my husband had one and it was very good. Other than the risotto, all the food was well prepared and nicely presented, and service was very good as well. Tips were included, but we chose to tip a little extra for the service. Two ½ hour of massageAh, the best part of the trip. I’m not really one for massages. I’ve had a few that left me less than overwhelmed; however, our massages at the hotel were excellent. Our masseur was very, very good and I was impressed enough that I may actually go for a massage again someday – I definitely will if we return to the hotel. ChampagneThe front desk will bring up the champagne whenever you like; we had it delivered soon after we checked in. It was a half bottle of Moet &amp; Chandon (not cheap) and was delivered on ice. It was very enjoyable. SummaryWas the package worth it? I’d say yes, seeing as the King Deluxe Rooms are nearly $300 a night before tax. The standard room is nearly $200 a night and would probably feel a little small in comparison to your average North American hotel room. It turns out that the wine and cheese and continental breakfast are included for all guests, so the Romance Package’s extras are the dinner, champagne and massages, which I’m guessing would retail for much more than the difference we paid between booking just the room, or booking the package. The hotel is in a great location for exploring Old Montreal, and is a welcome refuge after a long day of shopping and sightseeing. Would I stay at Hotel Place D’Armes again? In a heartbeat.	
Apr 5 2005	Spring break	We stayed he for a couple on nights at end of March. Excellent finishing details through out the hotel to the common parts and the rooms. Small hotel, but good individual service and attention to any requirements. Rooms stylishly finished and great value for money - beats most of the larger chains. Rate included breakfast and early evening wine and cheese.	
Feb 15 2005	Attention to detail...5 Stars	5 Stars. Booked this hotel based on the recommendation of an industry expert in the boutique hotel field. Hotel was very nice, comfortable, and the staff were extremely friendly. Icing on the cake...concierge brought car back from valet parking on Sunday and it had been washed…it was sparkling!The hotel is small with approx 45 rooms. As a result, the general feel around the hotel was quiet. The main foyer / bar area is very impressive, however, the bar was not 'open' beyond the Director's Cocktail Reception in the evening (5:00PM to 7:00PM), which was unfortunate given the high ceilings and funky chandelier lighting. It is quite the space.Rooms were very ‘Bombay’ style – which is not my taste and the bathroom was a good size with black and white ‘art deco’ feel to it. Products were Essentiel Elements of San Fran, which were replaced with new products each day – no penny pinching on these items. Our room was on the 6th floor. Only point to note for future is the ice machines are located on the 3rd and 4th floors. By chance, when we were riding the elevator, it stopped on the 4th floor and there it was the ice machine sitting directly outside the doors of room number 404 and 405. Location was great – across from Notre Dame Basilica and one block from Palais de Congres.Overall, a great weekend away. The restaurant is very good and again the staff here were also very friendly and accommodating. Definitely recommended.	
Nov 19 2004	Pefect Hotel to end a great trip!	Hotel Place d'Armes was our treat at the end of our Canadian honeymoon and believe me, after staying in the Holiday Inn in Niagara and a little cutesy Auberge in Quebec, this was sheer luxury! From the first minute we arrived, the staff were very friendly and accommodating - they even offered to leave our rental car back for us when we joked about not being able to face the traffic. The hotel is centrally located and easily accesible.The decor in the bedroom was just lovely and very soothing. Little touches is what this hotel are great at: each room has a CD/stero playing classical music when you arrive into your room, ice and chocolates are delivered each evening, comfy bath robes, good toiletries and lovely to come back to after a long day shopping and sight-seeing......a wine and cheese reception. The hotel clientelle are quite businessy and we stuck out a little in our casuals but it really didn't matter.The only negative thing would be when something happened with our air conditioning in the bathroom and we ended up with a large enough pool of water from the leak. We told reception about it and they were very laid back about doing anything about it and when we vacated the room for a few hours so they could look into the leak we came back to find nothing had been done. The next day it got worse but we were due to check out so they said they'd check it out when we left.	
Nov 12 2004	A Fine Stay at the Place d'Armes	I stayed in the hotel for five days during the first week of April. I was attending a conference at the Palais des Congres, which was conveniently one block away. My room was clean, comfortable, and tastefully decorated. Compared to similar hotels in the UK, the room was good-sized. The bed was comfortable and had good lighting for reading. In the closet was a terrycloth robe, slippers, and an umbrella. I found no fault with the room but would have liked more tv channels. The breakfast selection was wide and varied, with smoked salmon, fresh fruit, museli, croissants, etc. I had trouble tearing myself away from the chocolate croissants. After a couple days, the waiter knew my preference for tea over coffee. I won't say that the hotel staff was very friendly, but they were always polite and helpful. Examples: when I lost a button off my coat, they gave me a sewing kit. They volunteered to call the airport bus sevice for me, and when I checked out, handled the VAT refund process for me. Considering that I don't speak French, I thought that they were patient. I didn't want to leave, and I've had that feeling about hotels very rarely.	
Oct 7 2004	Highly recommend Hotel Place d' Armes	My wife and I stayed at Hotel Place d' Armes on October 2-5, 2004 and absolutely loved it. My wife is very picky about hotels but she didn't have one complaint! The rooms were spacious, the bed was extremely comfortable (it was hard to get out of bed every day!), the bathrooms had great accessories. The wine &amp; cheese was a great perk, as was the breakfast (all included). The price was right &amp; the location was unbeatable. The Metro station was only 1 block away and everything to see was in walking distance. We highly recommend Hotel Place d' Armes!!! The gym had great Life Fitness equipment, too!	
Oct 2 2004	Beautiful Hotel 	We stayed at the Hotel Place D'Armes for two nights at the end of August. We thought the hotel had a lovely atmosphere. It is beautifully decorated throughout - rooms/bathrooms/lobby/restaurant and bar and even the corridors &amp; was all very clean. Our room was an average size and a calm relaxing place to retreat to after a day sightseeing. We prefer to eat out in the city rather than in our hotel usually but we ate at the restaurant both nights as the food was so good the first night! Free wine and cheese and all day coffee were unexpected extra's as is the roof terrace. We loved it here &amp; like the previous reviewer our only reason for the 4 star rating as opposed to 5 is that we found it quite noisy (noise from outside the hotel not from inside it). However this was the only negative for us and we would definately recommend - just take ear plugs. And try the restaurant - it won't disappoint.	
Aug 23 2004	Hotel Place d'Armes Highlighed my trip to Montreal	This was my first visit to a boutique hotel and a great success. The room decor, soothing and sophisticated with a desk I could work on. The wine bar at 5 o'clock was the ultimate perk. Would I go back? Absolutely!	
Aug 19 2004	Wonderful	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel a couple of months ago. It's wonderful, cozy and elegant. For those reading other reviews be aware that it is very normal to pay for parking at hotel in a city. As it is also expected that the rooms will not be enormous by U.S. standards, however our room was a corner and generous in size. The hotel staff is kind and helpful, they just don't mush all over you like people in America expect.	
Aug 3 2004	Okay Stay...	I had stayed at the Hotel Nelligan last summer (which was fantastic) and looked forward to trying a new sister hotel. The hotel itself is nice enough, however, there is no bar service in the lobby after cocktail hour and you have to go downstairs to order a drink from the restaurant. The restaurant and front desk do not appear to have any relationship and even when the waiter refused to appear with our change, the front desk did not assist in rectifying the matter. The rooms are not as big as the rooms at the Hotel Nelligan and over all, I did not like this hotel as much. For the price, I would expect more.	
Jul 13 2004	Great hotel - great location	Loved the hotel even if they lost our reservation. They were able to accomodate us. I only give it above average because our room was on the street side. I wore ear plugs to sleep. Otherwise, everything was excellent. I'd stay here again, the location couldn't have been better. Right in the heart of Old Montreal and a block from the Metro.	
Jun 12 2004	Great Little Hotel	My husband and I recently stayed three nights at Place D'Arms in Montreal. The rooms were very clean and the linen very plush and comfortable. The rooms are very small though. The breakfast was very good in the morning. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Location was very close to the metro and very near old Montreal. I would definately recommend this hotel and would stay here again. It was a perfect place to stay if you like smaller hotels that give you more personal attention. Also wine and cheese every afternoon and the rooftop terrace were nice extras. 	
Apr 29 2004	Absolutely elegant	My wife and I stayed here for a romantic second honeymoon in March 2004. We loved it and wouldn't change a thing. Wonderful appointments, fantastic renovation, and the corner rooms with the king beds, the view of the Cathedral and the jacuzzi are worth the upgrade. Best breakfast included with a room I've ever had -- lox and bagels and cream cheese and capers! Outstanding. We'd go back right now if we could.	
Feb 27 2004	A little insight to hotels	I have just read an earlier reviewer I thought I would post a response and comments concerning my stay. First off, I am a travel agent, and fortunately for me, that clues me into various aspects of the trip-building world. I will provide a few helpful FYIs to avoid much displeasure when staying at hotels. BUYER BEWARE. Very few hotels are willing to share all of the details of their charges when you book with them. They are selling when they are on the phone with you, and the less information the better(this is with all hotels). They take your credit card for guarantee, unless they advise you that they are charging your card a deposit. Unfortunately we must be responsible in knowing that there are charges you will incur staying at a nice hotel:parking, fitness room, internet usage, movie rental, additional items you forgot at home, etc. You must ask about these things. Funny enough, a luxury hotel (Ritz) would be shocked that you didn't expect to be charged. Also, please understand that the hotel you are talking to is not the only one in the area with this problem. There is not a sufficient amount public parking in montreal, so you will encounter this charge at most upscale hotels, or all hotels for that matter. You will also see that if went to a public parking garage, it will charge you more. As you stay at more hotels you will find these stupid little charges and because you have experienced them, you will ask in the future. Travel is very much a &quot;buyer beware&quot; world and it is so for travel agents too. Just thought I would pass along. As for this hotel...I thought it was excellent when I stayed there 3 years ago. It was beautifully done, and I also encountered a bunch of additonal charges. I knew about mine, because I asked. We did have a problem with our hot water and it took two trips to have someone resolve the issue. This in no way affected our trip. We would stay there again and give it no second thought.	
Feb 24 2004	HOrrible service they are careless after money only	I've had it, I didn't wanna do this but they have RIPPED ME OFF and given me the RUN AROUND finally OVERCHARGING ME and I've had enough crap, so here I go with my negative review of these CARELESS people:My girlfriend and I visited the Hotel Place D'Armes for the 2004 Valentine's weekend -- the &quot;Romantic Package&quot; which was $655 including 1 hour massage, double jacuzzi delux room, wine + cheese each afternoon, a small bottle of champaigne, and dinner at the in-house restaurant A.I.X.Breakdown: [][] I like being told upfront about things I am gonna be billed for or charged. I don't like people beating around the bush to make an extra buck -- I'm sure most of us who work hard for our money feel the same way. There is no place to park except valet which came to $17/night which we weren't told till we were leaving -- but that's just getting started. [][] I remember booking the room, asking for a large, high, deluxe double jacuzzi room, the guy I spoke to assured me I would get a superb room. Well, we got a SMALL (as revealed to us by our masseuse later on) corner room, and the so called &quot;double jacuzzi&quot; was quite small, inside the small washroom, more like a single. To make things worse, the drain plug would not work -- it was broken and wouldn't come out until I pried it out with my nails. I didn't call the hotel staff for help as we were both INSIDE the tub at the time, and it was 3am, so I had no choice. [][] The massage girl seemed tired but I won't pick on her. She freaked out at how small our corner room was, which added to my suspicion that we got jipped. There was NO ROOM for her massage bed to open unless we moved the furniture into the corner! [][] Although we were booked for 9pm at the restaurant, they had to look for a seat when we got there (on time mind you) -- we were seated at a small square table at the side of the restaurant between two other tables 5 inches apart -- absolutely no privacy. After we were seated there were 2 other couples that came in after us that got served before us. Our 5-course meal turned out to be 4-course as the waitress forgot to bring out our chocolate covered strawberries -- until we finally asked what happenned to it at the end. We understood drinks were extra so this was not a problem, until at the end, we were given a bill for the ENTIRE MEAL. We told the waitress about our package price, and after another 30 minutes she brought out a bill just for the drinks -- $46+ so we paid that in cash plus a generous tip. [][] These people like to LOOK GOOD and don't really care about your comfort or quality of your stay. While driving home I noticed they CHARGED MY CREDIT CARD for the drinks which I had already PAID for, plus gratuity and taxes! [][] I had to drive back and ask them to fix it, but I was told that they have no access to the restaurant receipts at the time, that they'd correct the mistake later that night and call me to let me know. [][] THREE days later I get a voicemail message from Daniella asking to call her back the next morning so she could &quot;explain&quot; what the extra charges were. [][] I call back the next morning and was told &quot;she's not working today&quot; and was forwarded to someone else. The person had the GALL and AUDACITY to ask me &quot;Did you take the slippers from the room?&quot; [][] WE DIDN'T GET ANY ******* SLIPPERS IN THE ROOM -- WERE WE SUPPOSED TO????? [][] Long story short, they ended up reimbursing $45 flat to my credit card -- even though the bill was $46+change, plus gratuity, plus taxes (the total taxes for the bill came to more than $100 so that was affected by the additional charges). [][] Does this sound like a hotel where they care about your well-being, do they want you to come back? Do they want you to feel good about your stay, your expenditures, to make sure it was worth-while? NO. [][] They need to get their act together and communicate to their staff more. They need to stop being p**** about small charges, and lastly, when THEY MESS UP and overcharge someone, they need to NOT ACCUSE the person they are overcharging of STEALING. [][] We will NEVER stay at such a GARBAGE hotel again. DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL THEY ARE RUTHLESS AND ONLY WANT YOUR MONEY.	
Jan 28 2004	Great boutique hotel	Fantastic decor with exposed brick and modern furnishings. Delicious complimentary breakfast. Small but usable workout room. Only disappointment was at checkout. I was incorrectly charged for a mini bar item, and when I disputed it the front desk said that they have no way of proving or disproving that I had taken the item. When spending that kind of money on a room ... I'm curious what kind of motivation a person would have to take an item that cost $5 Can? Other than this mishap ... I highly recommend the hotel.	
Jan 20 2004	Just great	We're jsut back from Montreal where my fiancee and me spent the week-end. What to say about this hotel which is not a superlative: probably the best service we've ever had, one of the best appointed and decorated rooms (even if we've been lucky to test some luxurious hotels suites), a great location within the Vieux Montreal area and a very good breakfast for free. That's for sure, the next time we go to Montreal, that'll be there and nowhere else!	
Jan 19 2004	Great Hotel	We had a great stay here. The staff was more than helpful. The rooms are comfortable and well appointed with good quality linens. The level of service was very, very high. I couldn't be more enthusiastic.	
Dec 12 2003	Enjoyed Place d'Armes	I thoroughly enjoyed our weekend at the hotel. The staff was extremely helpful making restaurant reservations and otherwise. The rooms were a smaller than expected, but were nicely appointed. Hotel is very well located with easy access to Old Montreal. Also, the newly opened restaurant downstairs has an excellent complimentary buffet breakfast as well as superb lunch and dinner menus. I would stay there again, but be aware of the room size.	
Nov 17 2003	Perfect retreat in Montreal/Hotel Place d'Armes	Our first trip to Montreal and what a treat to happen upon the perfect anniversary retreat for my husband and I. Simply elegant would sum up our impression of this warm and friendly hotel. The staff is extremely accomodating in their command of both the French and English definition of the word 'hospitable'. Lovely environment with access to the best of Old Montreal.	
Oct 27 2003	Spectacular choice for Montreal	My husband and I loved the Hotel Place D'Armes for our October/2003 stay. Sophisticated, chic, stylish. Our room was quite fashionable too. The staff were helpful and the location is ideal - 2 blocks to the metro and a 2 block walk to vieux Montreal. The hotel is located on a somewhat busy corner, and the street cleaners woke us up a few times in the early, early am. The hotel shows its popularity as there are a few dings/dents on furniture. But the pillows were the best we've ever slept on, and bought 2 from the hotel before going home!	
Oct 20 2003	Fabulous!	What a fabulous hotel! The service was wonderful, the staff efficient and attentive. The room was immaculately clean, large, beautifully appointed. Every little detail had been graciously thought through. The bathroom had the most wonderful bath I have ever had in a hotel room - big enough for me to lay almost flat and deep enough that I could be submerged to my shoulders without duct taping over the overflow! From the moment I arrived the staff called me by name and made me feel most welcome. Bravo - well done!	
Oct 7 2003	Great place to stay	My husband and I had a wonderful stay at the Place D'Armes. When we arrived at the hotel we were confused about where to park our car for check in. I went into the hotel for assistance and the concierge came outside, unloaded our luggage and parked the car for us. Amazing service! The rooms are a bit small, but elegantly decorated. The beds are extremely comforable and the toiletries top notch. Also, the breakfast was amazing! Really fresh fruit, pastries, bagels &amp; lox, etc. Would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 6 2003	Very Nice Boutique Hotel		
Oct 2 2003	Five Star Staff Indifference		
Sep 19 2003	Great service at this cute hotel		
Aug 25 2003	Romantic comfortable and elegant!		
Aug 18 2003	A great place to stay		
Jul 15 2003	Ecstatically pleased		
May 1 2003	our very favorite hotel anywhere		
Apr 29 2003	total luxury		
Mar 24 2003	Beautiful charming with Five Star Service		
Jul 24 2002	Great Service in Montreal		
Oct 25 2009 	Excellente fin de semain au Place d'Armes		
Oct 13 2009 	Rausgeschmissenes Geld		
Sep 13 2009 	Très bon hôtel malheureusement bruyant.		
Aug 23 2009 	Super tolles Luxus Hotel ganz in der Naehe der Altstadt		
Aug 15 2009 	Déçu...		
Aug 9 2009 	Un peu snob		
Oct 24 2008 	sublime et chic		
Jul 22 2008 	Une excellente adresse		
Oct 7 2007 	Belle adresse		
Sep 6 2007 	Le meilleur que j'aie jamais vu		
