Nov 9 2009 	Perfect in every way	I am a former travel editor at one of the most upscale American magazines. I have travelled the globe and am never unduly impressed... and can't bear pretension. But I was totally taken with the Hotel Gault. Small, exceptionally gracious staff, stunning and chic, superb location on quiet side street on the edge of Old Town. Two minute walk to metro. Totally stylish and original hotel... marvel at how they took an old warehouse, made it cutting edge modern in appointments and kept it at the same time warm and welcoming. Not hard edge like a Shrager hotel. Really magical. In the a.m. they bring you wake up coffee... when you're ready. Lovely to return to a hotel where they know your name.... and yet you are in a big city.	
Oct 25 2009 	Agree with All the Great Reviews	The staff at this hotel should be cloned!! They made our stay there feel like we were family!! Only negative was the carpet in our room had stains on it. Otherwise, we were extremely comfortable, the bed was wonderful, loved the linens and drapes. Will definitely return.	
Oct 1 2009 	Perhaps the finest Hotel I've ever stayed at...	My wife and I decided to book a trip to Montreal, and at the last minute brought my parents along as well. The four of us stayed at the Hotel Gault, which I found through Tripadvisor. We stayed on the 4th floor in an Etcetera room, while my parents were on the 5th floor top 5 room. Both rooms were minimalist in design but that only lended to the vast spaciousness of them. It was like having a big loft size apartment in the city. First and foremost, besides the exquisite rooms, the staff at this hotel were superb. Bruno, our bellman, drew up city itineraries for us and was accommodating every step of the way. Then there was Brian, who worked the front desk. Brian gave us restaurant recommendations that were spot on. Everywhere he told us to eat ended up being delicious. When we were leaving for back home, we were low on ice and Andre (another staffer) ran down the street to get us more. He then stood on the corner in front of the hotel with another employee, waving goodbye as we drove off. I've stayed at hotels all over the world, and never have I seen the level of excellence that this place exudes in every area. Beautiful rooms, impeccable staff and the value for your money can not be beat ANYWHERE in Montreal. One last note, the Gault is a 4 star hotel and on this same trip, because Gault was booked for our last night, we (not my parents) had to check into a famous 5 star downtown Montreal hotel. This place, although nice, couldn't hold a candle to our experience at Gault. In fact, when our bathroom TV was broken and our mini bar key didn't fit, the staffers told us &quot;we'll take care of it&quot;, not once apologizing. We were just another number...that is something we never felt at the Hotel Gault. The staff there waited on us hand and foot. All 4 of us give the Hotel Gault our highest recommendation and can't wait to go back.	
Sep 23 2009 	Spacious and comfortable but…	We booked one of the Extrassential rooms, which are the corner rooms above the entrance to the hotel at the intersection of rue Sainte-Hélène and rue des Recollets. Unfortunately, at the time of our visit, the building catty-corner from the entrance to Hotel Gault was undergoing renovation, which meant construction noise outside our window from about 7 am to 3pm on weekdays. This actually wasn’t too loud at first, but on the third morning of our stay, the city started ripping up two streets near the hotel- rue Sainte-Hélène and rue Notre Dame- and THAT was pretty darn loud. And of course, the loudest part of it always seemed to occur at 7 in the morning. Not exactly what one wants to deal with on a vacation!Other than that, our room was very comfortable, spacious, and stylish; the best parts were the large shower, and having 3 tall windows that could be opened out onto the street. There was a lot of storage space in the room. DVDs and newspapers were available downstairs, and the staff was friendly and helpful. The free breakfast is served until 11 am (!) on weekdays, later on weekends, which is a first for any hotel I’ve stayed at. One negative was that the in-room safe was very light and not bolted down, which made it seem easy for someone to pick up and remove (not that anyone would be desperate enough to want my obsolete iPod! but perhaps other travelers actually have something valuable to store). The hotel is on the edge of Vieux Montreal, and we were amused that when we took the walking tour of Montreal from Guidatour it stopped at one point in front of our hotel; we could also watch the horse-drawn carriages going by from our window. The hotel is about a 5 minute walk from metro Square-Victoria, but a longer walk to Place Jacques-Cartier (10-15 minutes). I should note that the windows are very thick, and the construction noise is probably a lot less noticeable in the rooms further down rue des Recollets, away from rue Sainte-Hélène. Thankfully construction is always temporary.	
Sep 14 2009 	Real hidden gem - definitely recommend	Stayed in the lull between xmas and new year. What a great hotel, great location, rooms good size, wonderful bathrooms. Stylish, staff lovely. Oh and great to have a little gym. Only slight criticism might be the lack of food available outside of breakfast hours, not huge choice.	
Sep 7 2009 	Nice place convenient location	Gault hotel is truly a nice place to stay: room is beautifully decor, huge in size and with details of style (i.e. the curtain used to separate bedroom from bathroom much original than a simple concrete wall) that make your stay enjoyable. To be honest, there are a couple of things that don’t seem to fit (at least in my room): the red chair and the tea table were somewhere out of place. All the other pieces of furniture, from the carpets to the bed linen were just superb and matched nicely. Staff was helpful, breakfast delicious (not huge selection but everything fine, specially fruit salad), and hotel very conveniently located, just at the door of vieux Montreal main attractions On the downside, just a couple of small things• the very street door doesn’t make a welcome feeling: there is a flight of stairs from street level up to reception, if there is no a porter on hand (he wasn’t when we arrived) you have to push your luggage all the way up… no funny business.• although the breakfast is included, if you want to order something different from filter coffee, you should pay extra	
Aug 26 2009 	Can't wait to come back.	We had a wonderful weekend getaway in Montreal at the Hotel Gault. If you like modern design with a mid-century feel you'll love the design esthetic of this Hotel. We had come to Montreal specifically to check out the antique stores selling mid century, vintage furniture ( check out Amherst Street ) so we really enjoyed pouring over the many design books in the lobby. Our room was wonderful, the service was excellent , we got great restaurant recommendations. The hotel is within walking distance of dozens of restaurants and art galleries, all kinds of shopping and even a few museums. We felt the price was a great deal especially considering the delicious breakfast buffet. We are looking forward to coming back next year.	
Aug 26 2009 	When only the best will do...	Stayed at the Gault 2 nights this august during the Roger's Cup tennis tournament.If you like small hotels with great design,amenities &amp; superb service,this is the place for you,not to mention the exquisite breakfast which is included + free internet.The hotel has class &amp; the staff could not be any friendlier!An oasis of piece in the perfect location.	
Aug 23 2009 	getting old and tired only basic services	This is the last time we will be staying at the Gault...time to move on. Carpets in rooms are dirty and need changing. Service is deteriorating. Bar service is minimal. No help with luggage. Hotel was never designed with comfort and travellers' need in mind. This was ok as long as the deco and service was outstanding, Now the hotel is just irritating. don't get me wrong, it's not a bad place....it just isn't what it used to be.	
Aug 18 2009 	Good but impersonal	I stayed two nights in one of the loft rooms on the top floor. I had high expectations resulting largely from the enthusiasm of trip advisor reports. As a functional hotel, it worked reasonably well. The style was modern, no fuss and reasonable quality. The reception/concierge people were helpful. The location is good - on the fringe of the old town. It wasentirely satisfactory but not in nay way exciting. The ground floor area is perfectly functional but somewhat soulless. The room was much larger than I needed (or wanted) and again rather cold: concrete floor with rugs. There were minor niggles such as the breakfast arae being too small for the number of guests and the relative inefficiency of the staff. Would I stay there again - yes if I couldn't do better. But I'm reasonably confident I will do better.	
Aug 7 2009 	Gushing over Gault!	Hotel Gault was the epitome of class, sophistication, modern design, and charm. My stay here was very comfortable and relaxing. The hotel staff were so friendly and helpful, and the rooms were minimalistic(loved!) and so beautifully set up. I loved the heated tiles in the bathroom. The rooms had such a modern romantic feeling to them! The breakfast was nothing short of delicious, as well as their signature cocktail. I had a fantastic stay here, and would recommend it to anyone going for business or pleasure.	
Aug 1 2009 	A chic and elegant choice	This was our 3rd stay at the Hotel Gault in the past few years, this time to attend the Montreal Jazz Festival. Once again, we were very pleased with the experience at this true boutique hotel. Service is thorough and professional. The building is a renovated heritage warehouse and the rooms (only about 30 rooms in all) have very high ceilings, polished concrete floors (most, not all), huge Parisienne windows, lush beds and a cool layout (pocket doors, washrooms that open into the room with private WC). The location is perfect for us - on the very northwest corner of Old Montreal, close to the dining, shopping and culture but surrounded by heritage office buildings that assure a quiet night's sleep. We love the understated elegance and will defiitely return....again. Ask for a room with a balcony - they are very limited. They also have 1 great suite that we had on our previous visit that has an adjoining room that is perfect for 2 couples travelling together or a family with older children. Outstanding value.	
Jul 24 2009 	Perfect!	We hope the owner of the Hotel Gault appreciates his fantastic staff. They are truly the nicest people you will ever meet and competent to boot. Thank you Andre (I still hate myself for not listening to you, twice) and the rest of the lovely people at the beautiful Hotel Gault. We miss you and can't wait to come back. Steve and Lynn, Detroit	
Jul 21 2009 	Impeccable - maybe the best hotel I ever stayed at	I recently spent 3 nights at Hotel Gault, Montreal.I was extremely impressed with the hotel and felt that it was superior to all the other Tripadvisor hotels I stayed at during my Trip to Las Vegas, Montreal, Quebec and Mont Tremblant, including the Four Seasons/Westin/etc. All the other ones were great, but Hotel Gault has got something SPECIAL....a sense for incredible design and decor. In fact, besides the Four Seasons Maui, it might have been the best hotel I ever stayed at.PROs:- The interior design of Hotel Gault is world class. The chairs, the beds, the tables, the showers - it is all very practical, but also very beautiful. - The loft style rooms are simply gorgeous, with high ceilings and beds that make you want to spend all day in bed. Extremely comfortable.- No room is the same, so you'll get a bit of a different experience every time you're at the hotel- The front desk's employees and the concierges are extremely knowledgeable and very friendly- Internet and breakfast is FREE- The location is in a quiet street in Old Town Montreal. Simply perfect.CONs:- This is hard....the only thing I can think of is that it takes from 7.30am to 7.30pm to get clothes dry-cleaned, unless you want to pay $35 extra. And if you require a bath tub instead of a shower, make sure you make your reservation by phone, most rooms only have a shower.When staying in Montreal, this is THE place to be. You don't have to trust me, but you can trust Bill Clinton, he always stays there when he's in town.	
Jul 13 2009 	Very artistic but not always practical	We do not usually use this kind of hotel but were seduced by the comments of others on TA. Though the overall experience was good there were little irritations that could be addressed : chipped paint in the bathroom, dodgy curtain fixings, no in-room coffee making facility, the only full length mirror being in the toilet(!), insufficient rails to hang towels. However, the location is first class and the staff very friendly and helpful. The rooms are huge if you stay on the top floor as we did.	
Jul 5 2009 	Another Great Vist to the Gault	In February, my wife and I had spent time at the Gault in one of their larger rooms. This time we chose their basic level room, queen bed no bathtub, as nothing else was available. Once again the service was superb and the room immaculate. We really enjoyed the room with its bare stone wall and huge window overlooking an inner 'courtyard' (really car park) as it was dead quiet and private. The design of the room was great though fans of watching TV would be disappointed as the TV was small and not a flat screen. We read from their extensive design and art library in the lobby so were totally satisfied. The breakfast buffet had a good variety of food and the coffee was superb.	
Jun 23 2009 	We loved the Gault.	My wife and were in Montreal for a vacation and based on TA reviews took a room at the Gault. The place more than lived up to the big hype. Terrific location (about 2-3 blocks from the Metro, walking around in Vieux Montreal), extremely cordial, friendly and helpful service, and a fantastic breakfast. It was a bit difficult for our minibus driver to find, but the Gault is really just a very quiet block off busy McGill and not hard to find at all. We stayed there for four nights and loved our comfortable, minimalist room. Would definitely stay at the Gault again.	
Jun 18 2009 	Fantastic from start to finish	My husband and I spent our wedding weekend at the Gault, and I would not have changed a thing. I had spoken with the concierge well in advance and asked for flowers be placed in the room before our arrival. When they brought us up to our room, they were there, and they were exactly what I had asked for. The staff were friendly, courteous, and always attentive to our needs. The room was spectacular, airy and beautifully furnished. The only oddity that I noticed was the towel hooks -- although perfectly functional -- needed to be re-anchored.	
Jun 9 2009 	Contemporary luxury hotel in an excellent location	We loved our stay at the Hotel Gault. We stayed in one of the corner rooms which was spacious. The bed was sooooo comfortable and the large windows let in a lot of natural light. The only downside is that the hotel is very minimal and there were no extras in the room like tea/coffee making. The breakfast buffet which was included in the rate was ok but no hot food and some of the choices were a bit odd for breakfast. I asked for scrambled eggs and bacon and when it came it was inedible and when challenged he only replaced the scrambled eggs and the bacon was then cold! I then found out that I had to pay 14 CAN $ for this breakfast! However, overall this is a fantastic hotel, the staff were very friendly and helpful. It is also in a marvellous location for sightseeing.	
Apr 27 2009 	Best Place to Stay in Montreal	I will keep this short because everything I say about this hotel has been previously written. The rooms (and bathrooms) are enormous and comfortable. The place is the perfect size for a boutique hotel and in a great location. The food at the restaurant is amazing, tasty and so artistic. You really cannot find a better place to stay in Montreal for the price.	
Apr 19 2009 	Perfect city boutique hotel ideal location	We stayed four nights at the Hotel Gault. Impeccable friendly service with real insider knowledge. Very comfortable boutique hotel rooms, spotlessly clean, perfect bathrooms, free high speed WiFi access in the reception/lobby area. High end and tasty buffet breakfast available.Hotel Gault is perfectly situated in the western part of old Montreal. Five minute walk to Square Victoria metro station. Ten minute walk to centre of old Montreal. Fifteen minute walk to Rue St Catherine shopping district.Would heartily recommend this hotel and very happy to stay there again.	
Apr 18 2009 	Refreshingly different from other hotels	Fulfilled every expectation of being unusual, luxurious and the ideal retreat. If you want something small with all the mod essentials and more personality and a sleeker style than typical white-space design hotels, then this is it. Great for independent travellers wanting a haven, but still right in the centre. Would definitely choose Gault again. In a quiet but convenient zone between the charming old town with its many different types of restaurants, and the mass shopping and business districts. The quiet street and area felt safe at night. Victoria Square Metro is 2 minutes walk away and the main train station is under 10 minutes. You don't hear a sound from the street.Enough touches of softness and colour to make it feel welcoming, and the spacious open plan reception, bar and breakfast area has cosy corners. In the rooms, high ceilings and pared down interiors give a bright airy feel. Unlikely to be any bad choice of room here. Stayed in two types, and both were much larger than the norm. The slightly smaller room could do with a work desk rather than slim table.Breakfast over the weekend especially has a wide choice. More continental style rather than cooked, it has plenty to keep you interested and looks like the chef has carefully chosen to add a touch of variety rather than the same every day. Attentive staff always seemed alert.	
Mar 23 2009 	Hip romantic retreat with fabulous customer service	As is our annual tradition, to cap off a week of skiing in the Eastern Townships, we spent a weekend in Montreal. While we have really enjoyed the St. Sulpice in Old Montreal in previous years, we felt it was time for a change and selected the Gault based on TA reviews, amongst other recommendations. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The lobby/front desk/bar/lounge/restaurant is essentially one large high ceiling room with funky decor and generally attentive service. They were a little short-staffed on check-in, but once they turned attention to us, we felt well cared for and our car was whisked quickly away.The rooms are incredibly hip and comfortable, but probably not to everyone's taste. Notwithstanding the stripped-down decor, a large modern art print or photo or two on the walls would be a nice touch. The open-style bathroom was just fine, although the lighting was a little counter-intuitive, and lacking a few little details (e.g. there was no where to hang your towel or robe within easy reach of the shower). If you are inclined to unpack your suitcase, you may find the hanging space a little limited and the drawers more fun that functional. But aside from these quibbles, it was a fine room. (I don't recall the name, but we had the king bed room.)Breakfast is quite lovely, with some unusual elements (not the standard continental) and, at least on weekends, available quite late into the morning. When I asked for a tray to take breakfast to my room, it took a minute to find one, but they happily obliged.The front desk was helpful with confirming our dinner reservations, providing taxis or directions, etc. When we arrived back one evening after a glutonous meal at Le Pied au Couchon, desperately in need of a degustif, we were able to sign for drinks at the bar and walk with them up to our room (unheard of in Ontario!).All in all, a pleasure and we would happily stay again.	
Mar 2 2009 	Trendy Casual but Business friendly Terrific Service	I just spent the weekend at Hotel Gault, celebrating my husband's birthday. Located on the quieter western edge of Old Montreal the hotel is a ten-minute walk to the waterfront, Place Jacques-Cartier and Hotel W (its rival). The elevator serves five floors, the 4th floor has 5 rooms, with gym in the basement. The “restaurant” is in the lobby and comprises about 12 tables at one side (more formal) and 6 round casual tables with multicoloured chairs close to the bar. All the furniture is contemporary; the lobby seat looks like an open baseball glove. The back of the lobby is arranged with artsy fartsy magazines, and side wall with DVDs—all terrific. We watched Kurosawa (again), staying up until 3 am. I wanted a room with a stone or brick wall because I get nervous around modern Toronto-style architecture—thus reserving the Terra room. There was a wedding so the Terra room had disappeared and we were “upgraded” to a room that gave me the wobblies—it had no age to it, no olden wall—and I had even declined this room during the reservation process because of this fact. I refused this room and asked for “a downgrade please”, much to the shock of the staff. No joy. Instead we ended up in a suite that was truly magnificent with corner window and Juliette balcony, clad in wooden shutters. A sitting area with large screen TV faced a rectangular sofa (no cushions and very uncomfortable in the long term for watching movies), this zone spanned by a stunning multicoloured carpet. There were 6 speakers, one of which worked. Apparently, they all work only with the DVD and it took someone 15-20 minutes to turn it on for us. After he removed his test DVD we could not get ours to work. There’s something about spending time with hi-tech when you travel—it’s annoying learning new systems. Then there is a dining table and small kitchenette separating the eating from sleeping areas. The miele hot plate accommodates 2 pans, 1 is supplied. The cooking accoutrements ranked a 1:10, but we were not there to cook so no problem. There was a sort of coffee machine that looked like a combination ice-cream maker meets playdoh squishing machine. No coffee was supplied “that’s deliberate madame”, nor mugs, nor sugar. Missing also was the “flash light supplied in your safe”. Sometimes I fret about what is not in the room that is supposed to be in the room. Will it appear on my credit card in the future? Instead room service was needed for coffee and you were on your own in an electrical outage. The best coffee on the planet was then served in a piping hot thermos enough for 2 1/2 cups (read: an immediate call for a 2nd thermos was essential if my husband wanted to quench his thirst). The bed is king size and has what appears to be a down quilt and pillows. The bedding was terrific, the bed was not as comfortable. The bathroom had a beautiful large oval tub for two, with large shower and Grohe spray. We have those at home and no we would not get them again (think WaterPic). Too bad no hot tub. Square sink on rectangular surface. Molton Brown bottles. The concrete floor was not cold, but my hooves turned slightly black. Nooks and crannies hid clothing, ironing board etc. It was a great space—uber trendy and bordering on a high-tech lawyers office (not my kind of home from home). The receptionist Brian said that this was one of their best rooms. But watch out guys, the rooms are beginning to look shabby. The glass table in the living room had chips along the edges, the second table attached to it was at a slight misaligned angle (watch those wine glasses!), the door over the “safe” was warped and detaching, broken vases were hidden in kitchen drawers, and that cute magazine holder in the pathway of everyone moving into the lounge area has been dinged so many times the vertical edges look like they have teeth. The room we moved up from was also shabby—tears in the bed platform textile, black rubberized streaks on the light grey concrete floor. And that room was an office that happened to have a bed in it “can I plug your computer in for you madame?” I feel guilty for pointing these detractions out, having been upgraded, but maybe someone will pay attention to detail and make your stay even more special than was ours. With respect to service—the best received to date on this planet, from valet parking to check-out. Kudos to Remi. The brunch on Sunday was stunning. Not the Montreal bagel here, folks. But delicate (if beans can be called delicate) salads of Gourmet Bistro quality and great variety. Boconcini on tomato. And desserts—apricot crumble—to die for. Don’t miss brunch folks! More coffee. Yes, more. Grapefruit and orange juice. Make yourself seated in the lobby. We took the Blissful Deluxe package—we each had 45 mins of massage in our room by a zen artist, a DVD later, a cocktail not of our choice—vodka, lychee and cranberry, and a glass of wine instead of champagne. Strawberries dipped in chocolate. The system was a little strange—we didn’t know where were the coupons “we ran out”, or whether we had the chocolates with the cocktail “no, with the champagne”, or if we used the TV to order the DVD “no, they are in the lobby for pick up”. We asked for an extension of stay past the noon check out and were happily granted it (we stayed less than half an hour longer). Our car was brought around. The total bill was around 450$ for one night, plus we left $50 in tips (valet parking, the masseuse, room service). I never know what to do here, but that seemed fair at the time. So, the rooms were 7-8:10, service 10:10, parking 10:10, brunch 10:10, coffee 11:10. Perhaps I’m a little hard to serve at times, I notice small things like someone else taking a table cleared and set for us (I am currently walking-challenged courtesy of an ice-wipe out near Schwartz’ smoked meat, and the other tables were the farthest possible from the buffet), so dealing with me 11:10. I also noticed that this was a friendly hotel for gays, so 10:10 for that too. My tip is to come on a special weekend—when the fireworks are on, a festival is in town—like the jazz fest, or Fete des lumieres when most all the galleries are open 24 hours. A hotel that is great for the 20s-40s crowd, single, in pairs, or threesomes. Montreal has much to offer, and Old Montreal even has brick walls in your bedroom. (And thanks Again Brian for the room upgrade)	
Feb 17 2009 	Would have been better with clean towels...	Gault hotel is at the heart of Montreal and its location could not be better. The rooms are huge and some details in the design are just amazing and the food was more than decent.Yet , I have to admit one of my most vivid memories of the hotel are the stained, one with one of those big brown stains and the oter one had pubic hair which obviously weren't mine. I can't believe there is so much attention given to details, yet I obviously got stained towels that should have been clean, since it was nicely folded on the side of the shower.I just was not able to figure out how someone could have miss that, and to be honest, I was disgusted enough just not to ask for replacement towels, preferring to find more hygienic ways to get dry. I've traveled a lot and I'm not a very hard client to satisfy. My only need is just a minimal this is just the kind of things I can't get over. This is just the kind of things I can't get over and although my overall stay has been pleasant, I would never recommend this hotel.	
Feb 16 2009 	Would definitely return again...	Just returned from a long weekend at Hotel Gault. While the weather in Montreal was chilly, the Gault was warm, friendly and inviting. With help from Andre and the staff, we were able to find our way around Montreal with ease. Lots of great restaurants within walking distance and the Centre Bell, where we attended the Celine Dion concert, was a mere 15 minute walk away. The rooms are simple but equipped with what a traveler would need while away from home. The beds are comfy and warm and the bathroom clean. We enjoyed the brunch, the cocktail at happy hour and the chocolates on the bed at nighttime. We will definitely be back -- hopefully, when the weather is a bit warmer!	
Feb 10 2009 	Disappointing	From the moment we arrived the hotel failed to live up to expectations. The bellhop had no trolley so meant that he carried one case while we carried the other. At check-in we were told we were upgraded but actually ended up in the same room we had booked, an essential Top 5 room. The room itself had the feel of a sauna rather than the modernist feel the website suggests. The whole room felt tired from the chipped wood on the workstation thru the stained showerstall floor to the very office style greyish carpet. We didn't get to try the balcony as the recent snowfall had not been cleared.We then read thru the welcome letter which suggested there was a list of recommended restaurants in the handbook but we couldn't find them for love nor money. We then asked at the frontdesk and after about 5 minutes we finally got a printout of suggestions. However we were warned that they'd all be likely fully booked already and were offered no alternatives! Only half of the restaurants on the list had a website address and none of them had a phone number listed. We then went back upstairs to use our PC to check the websites however we needed an adapter to charge it as we'd forgotten ours. After much seaching at the front desk no adapter could be found.  After that we decided to chance our luck finding a restaurant with a wander around outside but first we thought we'd stop by and grab a drink at the bar. The barman was mixing some cocktails for a large group which was fine as he explained that but during that time we sat there without even a menu while the girl in recption stood there doing nothing. After 15mins we got a drink, bear in mind we were one of only 2 groups in the whole bar.Having said all that the breakfast the next morning was great and the staff member on duty was fantastic.Next time I'll stay at the Nelligan	
Jan 6 2009	Consistently excellent discreet hip boutique hotel in Montreal	Good:I have stayed at Hotel Gault half a dozen times over the past three years. It is consistently excellent: fair prices (especially if booked in advance), fantastic non-smoking public spaces (great breakfast buffet) and cool, comfortable rooms. There is free WiFi throughout the hotel, and the location on the slightly gritty edge of the old city (Vieux Port) is fantastic.Bad:Front desk service is always good -- but sometimes it is only just good. (For instance, I am never recognized as a repeat visitor, and the staff can sometimes be a bit cold -- but not always; sometimes they are fine). The rooms are air-heated, which can lead to dryness. Not all rooms have tubs -- though the showers are terrific. Most rooms have single wash basins for those who have grown accustomed	
Dec 14 2008	Tasty Brunch in wonderful ambiance	Since we live in Montreal, did not stay at the hotel but went there for the brunch on Sunday morning. The service was fast, friendly and professional. Delightful ambiance (loved the artwork, furnishings and Christmas derations) and excellent not-your-standard brunch foods (combination of ordering from menu and buffet). highly recommend for visitors and Montrealer's alike!	
Dec 2 2008 	Fantastic Service with only a few suggestions	We really loved our stay at the hotel. When we walked in, Andre was there to greet us with a warm smile. He knows his stuff and use his suggestions and expertise. The front staff was very warm and helpful, especially for small requests, spa suggestions, etc.The location was great although too bad it was cold (we're from the West Coast so we are not good with cold LOL!). The hotel lobby was amazing - I loved the art pieces. The room was clean, simple and modern. The heated tile floor was great in the bathroom. The bed was super comfy and overall a great view of Old Montreal from our Extraessential room.The one thing we both raved about was the breakfast that was included with our room price. It was DELICIOUS! I will never look at continental breakfast the same ever again! Great coffee, great selection, and loved the choice of a la carte.For the price we paid (we had a government rate, which is around the same as the promo rate), there was nothing substantial to complain about. We would come back again for sure and I loved Montreal so much.Our only suggestions were(although I was told that there were significant changes happenning in terms of renovations, new artwork, paint, tvs etc. in the next year - can't' wait!)a) flat screen lcd tv screensb) perhaps an ipod docking station?c) the shower needed a bit of a scrub and some washroom fixtures looked a little wornd) the floors were a little worn but nothing bige) the gym maybe a bit bigger? more equipment? not that people come to montreal to work out!f) the toiletries, i would have recommended something other than the spruce scent - i know scent is very particular and the brand they offered was excellent, i just thought it was very masculineOther than the above, thanks to all the amazing staff and what a wonderful beautiful hotel.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great Boutique Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Gault for a week long vacation. It was one of our favorite hotels. It is well located in Old Montreal. We were able to walk or take the Metro to all Montreal neighborhoods. The other reviews on TA were accurate and helped finalize our choice.The hotel is modern and minimalistic. It is a wonderful blend of an upscale boutique hotel, yet not over the top and intimidating. There may not be as many bells and whistles as other traditional luxury hotels, but I thought the key choices were well made. The staff is extraordinarily gracious and multi-talented. Michel and Brian were especially helpful in their restaurant recommendations and we enjoyed our many conversations with them. We reserved the extrassential room which was a spacious corner room with large windows that opened. While the concrete floor did show some wear, it did not detract from our stay and the room was very clean.When we return to Montreal, we would definitely return to Hotel Gault.	
Nov 28 2008 	Believe all the raving comments	My husband and I went to Montreal for the first time this past summer and were looking for a modern, nice hotel close to Old Montreal. Travel and Leisure recommended this hotel, we found a good deal on the hotel website and we booked it! We had a fantastic time in Montreal and the staff at Hotel Gault, especially their concierge (Andre I think was his name) made our stay memorable. Andre got us a reservation at a near by restaurant called Le Locale, it serves innovative french food. The hotel was comfortable, clean, modern and with diferent spaces to relax, from the gym to the lobby to the library.We loved this hotel and would go back. I have read other reviews here, my advise to you dear reader is: believe all the raving. This hotel is great!	
Nov 23 2008	Top Notch Service	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Gault. We obtained our research from this website and our efforts paid off. All the positive reviews of this hotel are on the mark. The hotel is in a convenient location in old Montreal, the rooms are large comfortable and clean and the staff were enormously gracious and helpful. The breakfast was exceptional as well. We have travelled throughout the world and have stayed at many wonderful hotels and this hotel is at the top of our list for price, comfort and service. We will definitely recommend to any of our friends who plan on visiting Montreal.Steve &amp; HeatherSt. Catharines, Ontario, Canada	
Nov 20 2008 	Hotel Gault was more than good but....	there were few things that fell short. The hotel is very attractive and the staff were mostly friendly but sometimes they would be so overwhelmed with one client checking in or out that the entire staff seemed to be dealing with them and not realizing another guest waiting to speak to them should have been acknowledged. Also, the hotel front is on a corner of two side streets, there is no real &quot;pull up&quot; if you arrive by car...also since there is no doorman on the street, and you have to open the street doors, go up a flight of stairs, go through another door and then cross the room to find someone who works there, that was unfortunate on our arrival as we didn't know how to negotiate our luggage, parking, etc. Secondly, I asked for the Terra Room as I was interested in the free standing tub. The tub was wonderful, but the room itself had concrete floors with only a small rug on either side of the bed, and the floors were very very marked up and appeared dirty and the rugs were stained, so that was a little disappointing when checking in, but we got over it. All in all I thought the hotel staff was helpful and friendly when approached, the breakfast was good, the price reasonable, the linens fresh, and the location very convenient to Old Montreal, but we also walked easily to the shopping and museum area.	
Oct 24 2008 	Minimalist chic with warmth and creature comfort!	All the positive TA reviews of Hotel Gault are 100% true! Our recent two-night stay at Hotel Gault was absolutely perfect: minimalist chic but with warmth and outstanding creature comfort! We loved the blend of the old and ornate architectural exterior with the more stark and loft design of the interior. The public spaces had both a rarefied and inviting openness about it with clever combinations of warm blond wood and tin ceiling and concrete walls, with wonderful displays of modernist art and whimsical but perfectly comfortable furniture. Our Extraessentiel room with its high ceiling was huge, and the bathroom with its separate tile &amp; glass shower and its separate tub was also spacious --approaching the size of an entire hotel room in some cities! The bed and bed and bath linen were all plush and of excellent quality. The decor was minimalist and stylish, with use of warm colors. Service was exceedingly nice and attentive. The bountiful breakfast service with an abundant variety started at 6:30, with coffee and espresso made to order. The location in Old Montreal was charming with small restaurants and coffee shops nearby while being a little away from the heavier tourist traffic; it took us about 20 minutes on foot to get to Centre Ville for our work-related meeting, which made for a nice and enjoyable way for us to see the street and sidewalk culture of both sides of Montreal. I am afraid that now that Hotel Gault has just re-affirmed for us the meaning of &quot;boutique&quot;, we will be obsessed with finding something similar to it whenever we travel!	
Oct 8 2008 	One of our finest hotel experiences ever	Wow! We travel often for both business and leisure, and when a special birthday trip brought us to Montreal, we chose the Hotel Gault. What an excellent decision we made.Simply put, this is one of the two or three finest hotels I've ever been to, anywhere in the world. And for it's price range, it's certainly #1. The closest comparison in terms of quality, location and service I can think of is the wonderful MyHotel Chelsea in London.As other reviewers have stated, the property itself is gorgeous. We were in a &quot;Terra&quot; room and it certainly lived up to the amazing reviews. Another fantastic feature was the included breakfast, and we even had dinner at the property once.The staff were universally wonderful. Polite, friendly, helpful, and patient with my embarrassingly bad French (I'm working on it).While the location is great and central, especially for those looking to do some sight-seeing and &quot;touristy&quot; things, we spent the bulk of our time several Metro stops away, easily accessible from the nearby station.Thank you, Hotel Gault, for being the cornerstone of a wonderful vacatino.	
Sep 27 2008 	Fantastic Stay at Hotel Gault	The tripadvisor reviewers were right on. We had a fantastic stay at the Hotel Gault, located in charming Old Montreal and within walking distance to the downtown area, Victoria Square Metro Station and Chinatown. We were in the Terra Room, which was more spacious, well-designed and furnished than I anticipated; the hotel photos didn't do it justice at all. The service was exceptional with nightly turn-down service, weather reports for the next day and bottled water. Although room could be a bit high, we were able to save a bit by prepaying in advance.	
Sep 16 2008 	Super!	Excellent hotel. Staff extremely helpful. Accommodations wonderful. Decorated in modern style in great taste. Breakfast included was delicious. Within walking distance of Old Montreal. Thoroughly enjoyed the hotel.	
Sep 4 2008 	Missing the breakfast	My girlfriend and I spent 3 great nights at Hotel Gault and were beyond pleased with the level of service and hospitality of the staff. Since the hotel is quite popular and was booked full, we had to stay in an Extrassential room for two nights and a Extential room on our final night. And let me just say: both room types were amazing. The extrassential is a spacious corner suite with three large windows offering somewhat of a panoramic view to the outside. We had one slight problem, however, on our first night here: we noticed there was hair belonging to perhaps a previous guest on our bedsheets. Yuck! My girlfriend hated this, I didn't mind as much. But when we called the front desk, they quickly addressed the problem and had two housekeepers assigned to change our bed sheets right away. After this issue, the rest of our stay was smooth sailing! The Extential room was also very nice, a bit smaller. Yet, it actually felt a lot more warm and homey to us compared to the first room we had. Both rooms were great, but the smaller room just felt more comfortable. The drawback to this room type, though, is that you'll have no privacy when getting ready in the bathroom.The thing I will miss the most - by far - will be the courtesy continental breakfast they serve every morning. I love to eat and I eat well. I can say that the breakfast spread they offer is too good to be true. It was the best breakfast experience I have ever had! Everything is served fresh and is prepared with a sense of artistic detail. I just loved waking up each morning, knowing that the greatest breakfast in the Americas was waiting for me down in the hotel lobby!Overall, this hotel is top notch in Montreal and one that I would absolutely recommend to young people, couples and even families. It is a very chic establishment in a cool, quiet neighborhood. I will definitely stay here again if I ever visit Montreal again.	
Jul 14 2008 	Exceptional Service	My husband and I stayed at the Gault this past week and we were very impressed at the level of service we recieved. The concierge, Andre, made exceptional restaurant recommendations as well as helped us plan the next leg of our trip. He even made reservations at other hotels in the other destinations that we chose, based on his recommendations, and provided us with the confirmations as well as directions and maps to get there. We were shocked when he checked on us at our next destination to make sure we liked the hotel he recommeded as well as to tell us we left some items behind. He then packed up our items and sent them to our home. We are seasoned travelers and have never experienced this level of hospitality anywhere.The hotel is lovely. It is decorated as urban contemporary with an artistic flair. Our room was large and the bathroom was huge and very nicly decorated. it was also impeccably clean. It is within walking distance to restaurants, bars and cultural activities. We would confidently recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 12 2008 	Hotel Gault is superb	Superb room, breakfast (included), lobby lounge. Room was very quiet, well provisioned. Great dinner in restaurant at reasonable price. Wonderful service was icing on the cake!!! Not for budget travellers but good value for everyone else at $220 given breakfast and two drinks were included in the price. Breakfast usually $20 p.p. and includes a buffet as well as hot food from a menu. Highly recommended.	
Jul 9 2008 	Exceptional Warm 	I cannot recommend this hotel enough. The building is stunning. Request a room on the 5th floor; they have very nice outdoor patio areas. Beautiful contemporary rooms with very comfortable beds &amp; linens! Excellent value.	
Jun 29 2008 	Another GREAT experience at the Gault....	This is my 2nd stay with this hotel. I actually flew up several years ago when the hotel first opened and I had a great trip then. I flew to Montreal for business and I knew that I wanted to stay at the Gault again. This stay was as good as the first trip. The first trip I booked a &quot;Terra&quot; room but this time I booked a &quot;Top 5&quot; room. I booked directly with the hotel from their website and they are very quick to confirm and all communications were great. The &quot;Top 5 &quot; room that I booked was spacious and it was on one of the top floors. It also had a nice outdoor patio/terrace that I could walk out onto for fresh air. The bed was very comfortable and it had a small TV with a DVD player. There was no wi-fi in the room but wi-fi worked from the lobby. The room had free high speed internet with a cable but it was a bit uncomfortable as the desk was a high bar area and the chair wasn't the most comfortable. The bathroom had a nice shower. The area is great in Old Montreal and the buildings are gorgeous in this area. In fact I found it interesting that outside the hotel it said the building housed the first meeting of the YMCA over 100 years ago. The area is great with several bars and cafes in the area.The hotel staff is very friendly and there is a bar area as well that gets lively at night. The room included free breakfast downstairs but both days I was busy so I never got to enjoy it. I spent 2 nights here and it was very comfortable. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to Montreal. It was as good as the first year I went.	
Jun 19 2008 	tough to beat	Style and quality. spacious. idiosyncrasies of a boutique hotel (delayed check-in) but a top flight hotel in a great part of the city. staff, bar, room appointments all superb. one of montreal's finest in terms of value and personality.	
Apr 13 2008 	I could live in this hotel - happily - forever.	My husband and I visit the Hotel Gault every year. We have returned 4 years in a row. It is one of the most amazing properties I've ever visited. As time has passed, the hotel staff has not lost the attentiveness and attention to detail that makes it so special. The rooms are immaculately maintained, and the furnishings show little or no wear. The staff go out of their way to make a stay comfortable and memorable. The Gault is close to so much, yet it feels like a peaceful haven. Plus, they serve the most divine breakfast I think I have ever consumed outside of my own home. I cannot wait to return there again this year!	
Feb 17 2008 	So stylish	My husband and I stayed in the &quot;Etcetera&quot; room at Hotel Gault last weekend and we absolutely loved it! It wasn't like staying at a hotel at all; it was like staying in your very own stylish modern loft-style condo. The huge bath was an impressive touch. There was lots of closet space and just lots of space overall; the room was huge. The staff were also very friendly. We went down to the lobby bar for a few drinks at happy hour and the martinis were very good. I had &quot;The Gault&quot; martini and my husband had a very subtle margarita. Breakfast the next morning was complimentary and very good; high quality, fresh and de'lish! Hotel Gault far exceeded our expectations and we will definitely go back soon.	
Feb 10 2008 	The Gault was fantastic	This was our first stay at the Hotel Gault, and we were very pleased.The staff were friendly and helpful at all times. Check-in was a breeze. The room was well-appointed. We had one of the corner &quot;Extraessentiel&quot; rooms, and it was very spacious. The shower was fantastic -- so often, hotel showers are such a disappointment, but this one was luxurious in comparison, given the size and water-pressure.The hotel is located in a beautiful old stone building, yet the decor inside is very contemporary. Our room was definitely &quot;minimalist&quot; in style, yet very comfortable nonetheless.The breakfast that came with the room was very nice. We had dinner one night in the lobby restaurant -- the menu was very appealing, and the food was great. We were very happy with our meal.The hotel is nicely located. Close to all of the sights in Old Montreal, yet easy walking distance to the shopping on Ste. Catherine. Fun thoroughfares such as St. Denis and St. Laurent are only three or four subway stops away.Our only criticisms of the Hotel Gault are minor. These are minor quibbles and did not detract from the overall wonderful experience.First, the room came with two bath towels -- extra towels would have been nice. We showered a couple of times each day, and it would have been nice the second time not to have to use the same damp towel from the morning. I suppose we could have asked for extra towels, but they should be provided as a matter of course (as in most hotels of this caliber).Second, the room contained some fantastic-looking modernist chairs, which were in keeping with the chic contemporary decor of the Hotel Gault. However, they were not the most comfortable of chairs. After a day of exploring Montreal, it would have been nice to sit back in a comfy chair and relax. I would not want over-stuffed cliched hotel chairs, but one does not have to sacrifice comfort for modernist and contemporary design. Next time they are upgrading the hotel furnishings, the Gault management should consider chairs that are both chic and comfortable -- such things do exist.Finally, and this is a problem with most hotels (not just the Gault) -- it is the 21st century, and the lack of a green program is inexplicable. The rooms did not even have blue bins for recycling. Unbelievable. Hotels like the Gault really need to start taking steps (above and beyond self-serving notes asking guests to re-use towels) to reduce their ecological footprint.	
Dec 13 2007 	Top Notch Service	I stayed at Hotel Gault in November and I have nothing but good things to say. Firstly, we arrived rather late and check in was quick and welcoming. We were introduced to the friendly and courteous hotel staff and were told a few things about the hotel. I asked for recommendations for the following evening for dinner, as BYOW is something that lacks in Toronto. In the morning I was given 5 different options detailing locations, their personal reviews, crowd, and varying cuisines yet all pertaining to my requests! Excellent.My room was quiet, relaxing, and more than inviting. I had a great night sleep and was up and ready to go after my free in room breakfast. A full a lá carte menu is included with free room service which was more than an added bonus as Montréal can leave you paralyzed the morning after.The only thing I can say is that an LCD monitor would have been a nice added bonus, but nonetheless, the only issue I had.No matter the request, Hotel Gault went out there way for me - my friends and I agreed that we are pleased to have somewhere to stay when in Montreal.	
Dec 3 2007 	A wonderful hotel.	One of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in, and I've stayed in a lot. (I fly 120,000 miles a year). Beautifully designed. Super friendly staff. Great food. A &quot;hip&quot; hotel that makes you feel very welcome. Concierge, desk staff, etc. couldn't be nicer or more helpful. Older people may not think of it as &quot;luxurious&quot; - no overstuffed chairs, foo-foo decorations, etc. But if you like modern design, you can't beat it	
Dec 2 2007 	the best hotel experience i've had in montreal	You may not like contemporary design (I do, and it's one more reason I love this hotel). But, even if you don't, the level of service here is simply amazing and should make even the most modern-design skeptic a lover of this hotel. My wife and I stayed in a suite with a private balcony: a suite that easily eclipsed the size of our manhattan apartment! All amenities you could ask for: a well conceived design from top to bottom: heated bathroom floors, huge windows, generous storage to hang suits, unpack, and really high quality linens. Notwithstanding how much I like the decor of the hotel, the staff and the professional level of service they provide are the main attraction in my opinion. Simply put: they are helpful and dedicated to making your stay comfortable and pleasant. We arrived very late but the hotel staff were there to park the car and bring our luggage to our room. I'm originally from Montreal and have seen a lot of the city's hotels when I've come back to visit. This hotel really exceeded my experiences with other hotels. My wife and I are sure to return.	
Nov 30 2007 	Modern and comfortable with excellent service	We only stayed at the Hotel Gault for one night, but it is deserving of a review. We arrived very late, around 2 am, but were still greeted with a warm and welcoming reception. After a quick and pleasant check-in we were shown to our room. The room is large and sleek with more space for storing clothes, luggage, etc. than I've seen in any other hotel. The bathroom was also very large and all of the furniture and decor, from the chairs to the drapes, were modern and beautiful. We loved the long, wooden desk and the concrete floors. We also loved the concrete walls in the hallway (see attached photo) and the view from our corner window was very nice. We ordered room service at 3 am and the food was excellent. An assortment of french cheeses with wine really hit the spot after our long day of driving. And again, the service was spectacular. Check out was expedient and friendly, and we left Hotel Gault wishing that we had more time to spend there. For those wishing to explore Old Montreal, the hotel's proximity to Basilique Notre-Dame de Montréal and other attractions is perfect.	
Oct 10 2007 	One of Best Boutique Hotels	I spent several nights at the Hotel Galt in Old Montreal because it I had just finished attending a conference at McGill University and I wanted to stay in another part of Montreal. I had previously stayed at the Doubletree Plaza and Sheraton Le Centre. This property is located on the Western outskirts of Old Montreal but the property is close enough to work to most of Old Montreal. I even walked from the business district to this property.During my stay in Montreal the weather was exceptional warm and dry. Check in was smooth, I was escorted to my top floor room by the Galt Rep. who checked me in. She showed me all of the details of the room. I asked for the most quiet and sun filled room in the property when I made my online reservation. I received a discount rate by purchasing my rooms in advance. When I entered room the radio/dvd player was playing classical music. The room was large with hip and super cool environment. The bed was comfortable.Television had many channels and rotated around to living room and kitchnette section of the room. The bathroom could be sectioned off from the kitchenette and bed area or could be opened up to both areas. The bathroom featured separate room for the toliet. Separate area for the bath tub and sink. Separate shower.The bathroom featured Molton Brown products which were all fine. Also bottled Galt water was provided on daily basis.My rate included continental breakfast and one hot dish (i.e. eggs or crepes) was very good. There is small gym in the basement. In old Montreal I recommend Sport Du Vieux (casual dining), Restaurant Du Vieux Port (steakhouse with exceptional and friendly service), and Restaurant Des Gouverrid (Freinch cuisine).I took the Greyline tour of Montreal and the tour company picked me up from the Hotel Galt. The day was sunny, dry and pleasant.The only issue I had with the property was the closet light did not operate and I did not mention this to the Galt Reps and it was not fixed during my staff. A couple of the Galt Reps were not friendly but most were fine.I was satisfied with my stay at Galt Hotel because the Hotel &amp; room were Hip &amp; Super Cool. My room was comfortable &amp; quiet. Service is very good. If you are planning to spend some time in your room, you can not go wrong with the Hotel Galt. I highly recommend this superb property in Old Montreal.	
Oct 4 2007	Very funky contemporary room	Very private and comfortable...the windows opened so we could keep stuff cold outside, it was March. Did have some noise from drunk passersby late at night.Other than that the brunch included was excellent. The room tastefully decorated in a contemporary setting and the furnishings very nice...lots of room to spread out into with plenty of space for personal stuff.	
Oct 2 2007 	Amazing service- loved the Gault!	Warm regards to the staff and management of the Hotel Gault- they were amazing and deserve much praise. From the bellman to the breakfast staff, every person there was friendly, kind, concerned, and helpful. When we were given a map, the girl at the desk came right around and stood next to us, indicating points of interest... no disinterested leaning over a map across a desk, she cared. Umbrellas were readily available when the weather turned wet, and they were of nice quality too. Of course! The car was costly to park, but I expect that in a busy city, and they were most prompt in bringing it right up when asked. Good staff again...We were able to reserve a lovely huge room with a tub, happy us. The room was vast and well appointed- some may not care for the ultra modern concrete floors and minimalist style but I loved it. Internet connection was fast and easy, and the nightime chocolate was a nice touch.The breakfast! Lovely, and beautifully served as well. Probably my best eggs Benedict ever, now I am ruined for life... until I go back. First there is a nice buffet of cold items- meats cheeses breads fruits etc.; then they take your hot order and make you very full and very happy.So the Gault get best marks for service food rooms staff and location. As long as you like it cool and modern, you will be very happy here. I prefer it to the Vogue, which was also wonderful, but less stylish and the staff at Gault was simply superb. Thank you Gault for a very nice stay!	
Sep 30 2007 	Stylish	This is a great hotel with not too many rooms and almost personal service. Great lobby, staff, rooms and location in the old town. Breakfast is great with buffet and hot meal. Highly reccomend this stylish hotel - large rooms too	
Sep 18 2007 	A friendly unpretentious luxury hotel	Spacious, comfortable, nicely designed, rooms. I stayed there with wife and three year old daughter, it was an excellent choice. Staff were very child friendly, and always very pleasant and helpful. The restaurant was excellent. Overall, great value for a luxury hotel.	
Sep 16 2007	Very good hotel	Good design, very well located (short walk to Old Montreal and Downtown).Rooms very well equiped and comfortable; however, some of the chairs at the main hall cafe were not very clean.Overall a very good option for a business or holiday stay.	
Sep 1 2007 	4th Stay and again SERVICE lacking in some areas!	Well having just stayed for my 4th time at the Gault having just written a review from my stay 3 weeks ago I'll keep this short.We had the same room was excellent, the Extential room, the beds are so comfy!Yet again however, upon arrival no one was there to greet us at the door - it's such a small yet major detail management should really address. Lugging your bags up the stairs to the reception desk is not a pleasant way to start your stay. However, the concierge Pierre was great! My brother needed to find an an eye glass store and he pointed in the right direction and also each time you arrive at the Gault they always personally escort you to your room and explain how everything works, very nice touch as always.Our rate included a 3 course table d'hote dinner at the Gault Restaurant. The food was outstanding, the service was a joke! Management needs to teach our young lass Cindy some really service basics. We waited 15mins to even get a menu, another 10mins before she came and we had to ask for water, ask for bread, I mean really, come on, the basics here! I had to really just laugh at how truly awful she was. When three more couples came down for a drink at the bar, me and brother were being entertained as she was run off of her feet service a total of 8 guests including us. Again, the breakfast was outstanding for both morning and again service was slow and without passion, nor any real urgency.So to sum it be, I love the Gault, I just wish they would train their staff to have more pride and more passion and an eye for service details. I'll be back again just to see if they actually read these reviews and take the advice to heart of a frequent guest.But please do yourself a favour and stay here when visiting Montreal, the property is excellent and you will enjoy your stay, just beware the slow service!Btw, we also had afternoon tea at the St. James Hotel - do yourself a BIG favour and skip this totally overpriced experience not worth it all. Rather, just have a drink at their bar. The property is lovely.	
Aug 24 2007	Very pleasant stay	We stayed for three nights in a spacious, attractive room with a large terrace. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast, included with the room, was lovely. Great location. Highly recommended.	
Aug 20 2007 	Could have been better	This used to be one of our favorite hotels. Our visit this summer, however, left us less than enthused. While the loft suite we reserved was aesthetically interesting, it was hard to enjoy our stay after finding hairs in the bathtub and a trashcan full of the previous occupant's party refuse in the kitchen (including a thrown away pair of jeans - yuck!). Service at the hotel is also not what it used to be. When we asked for recommendations for dinner after arriving late from Quebec city, the front desk person responded &quot;there are lots of places around&quot; with no further clarification. Other attempts to receive service (e.g., trying to find the bedside clock missing from our suite), were equally dismissed with no attempt to provide service or resolve problems. What a contrast with previous experiences when we found the hotel staff to be very attentive and warm. We don't know what happened to this hotel in the last year but with so many great choices in Montreal ( we had a great experience at Hotel Le Germain during the same trip), we doubt we would risk it and return here.	
Aug 5 2007 	Sublime Stay	We stayed for 5 nights and found Hotel Gault to be a sublime retreat. This exceptional hotel is centrally located for walking and near many great shops and restaurants. The rooms are serene retreats, oversized with loft like open design, and excellent ammenities. There's a library, living room, bar, and restaurant in the lobby. Staff members made us feel welcome and were always available to assist. After finishing a meal in the restaurant one evening, the chef sent cookies to our table that he had baked at home that morning!	
Jul 31 2007 	Great Boutique Hotel	I am sitting in Room 520 as I write this review. We have a semi-private balcony. The room is very contemperary! But we have liked it for a change from the other hotels we've been to in Canada. The staff downstairs is very helpful. Continental breakfast is great. I would highly recomend this hotel.	
Jul 30 2007 	Hotel Gault Bachelor Party	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Gault July 20-21, 2007. We traveled to Montreal with 2 other couples for a fun weekend away from the kids. Montreal is fantastic and I would go again (I definitely recommend you take a bike tour of the city). However, I would not stay at the Gault again. On our 2nd night, there was a bachelor party in the suite next door to ours. Yes, a bachelor party in a hotel where I was paying $300/night to sleep! About two dozen twenty-somethings, stripper(s) (maybe prostitutes), alcohol, and lots of noise. They partied all night and into the morning. My wife and I called down to the reception desk many times, but it was not until 4am when I put on clothes and went down there myself that something was finally done. I thought the party should have been broken up and the guests kicked out, but the poor guy working alone in the middle of night did not do that. He merely moved the party, but the constant noise of their coming and going meant no sleep.The next day I kindly told the manager that I was not paying for that night. He actually tried to bargain with me, offering 20% off. I explained that the main reason I was staying at the hotel was to sleep, and since that did not happen, I was not paying. The manager did ultimately agree to comp that night, but I really did not give him any other choice.Other than that experience I liked the hotel. Great breakfast. Terrible gym. Good location. However, for the price, I expect to be staying somewhere that would have dealt with the bachelor party in a fast, definitive manner.	
Jul 23 2007 	Fabulous	The Gault was everything it said it would be and more. The Concierge Andre was an excellent host and made our stay extra special. He advised us on the best that Montreal had to offer and was enthusiastic to ensure our stay was perfect.The hotel staff were smart and chic. Their efficiency ensured that our needs were always met. Our room/private terrace was very comfortable and we had several nights of peaceful sleep! Coming from Europe, the serenity of the Gault contributed to getting over jet lag alot more quickly. Having stayed in numerous hotels around the world from Palma de Mallorca to Sydney , I would highly recommend the Gault as a true boutique hotel!Devon, UK.	
Jul 22 2007 	Cool	I stayed for two nights in mid-July '07 and had a great experience. The staff was fantastic. The room was uber-comfortable and really unique. It was quite modern, so if that's not your thing and you prefer an old wrought iron bed and antiques in the room, then look elsewhere. I was thrilled with my room... it was large, the high ceilings and long curtains behind the bed were dramatic, it had free internet access, and the bathroom was great. It was a tad further away from the center of old Montreal than some of the other boutique hotels, but no big deal.	
Jul 21 2007 	Very impressed	We usually stayed at the Fairmont QE in Montreal, but on account of the great reviews that this hotel has received, we decided to give it a try. And we got a good deal with their tasty promo.Had the extraessential (?) room that is a corner room with lots of space.Everyone we dealt with was super friendly and courteous.Received turndown both nights. No problem there.Room was made up by housekeeping while we were out. Did a good job cleaning.Had dinner at the hotel restaurant (came with room). Wonderful food and good service.Breakfast both days. Good selection, and included eggs or crepes made to order.Location is good. Two blocks at most from subway entrance, which connects to underground world in Montreal. Very convenient (especially when it rained the way it did when we were there).On a quiet street, but right next to busy places like St. Paul Street with all the bars and stuff. So room and street noise was a non-issue.Room only one phone. Very surprised. And not cordless.No coffeemaker in room. I really don't like that.Otherwise, everything was great.Agreed with previous poster that bare floors seemed strange. But it wasn't bad. And the bathroom floor was heated.We will definitely stay here again. I am VERY surprised but I like this more than I do the QE.	
Jul 10 2007 	Something missing	We stayed at the Gault at the end of June and while we had a pleasant experience, something seemed to be lacking, a certain attention to detail. Sometimes we did not receive the turndown service, for example. Also, the rooms have a lot of bare concrete floor which is not pleasing to bare feet (cold and sort of scuffed up and dirty looking). I thought this would not be annoying since the Gault website indicates that slippers are provided, but alas, there were none to be had. We received an excellent restaurant recommendation from the staff, but also got some misinformation as well. So, I would have to agree with the previous poster that attention to some of the service-related details seems a bit off.The general &quot;vibe&quot; of the hotel is rather young (20-30 somethings, guests and staff alike), so I think that what was also lacking for me was a feeling of being a bit out of place. As I look at the reviews here on TA, it seems like the younger crowd really takes to the hotel while some of those older are more lukewarm..... We had dinner at the Nelligan one night and felt more at home there as forty-somethings.	
Jul 6 2007 	Was great now only good...	What the heck happened to this lovely hotel? Has it become a victim of its success? We stayed here in July, 06 and were very pleasantly surprised. We enjoyed the hotel and the service immensely. Flash forward one year and the results weren't so positive. First the positives: The rooms are huge and unique. The bathrooms are super large, especially the ones with the tubs and showers. The front desk people are very friendly and helpful, so much so that we hate to complain. My wife loved the breakfasts, which are included.The negatives: Where to begin? The raisinet I accidentally dropped on the floor on the first day was still there on the third. Yuck! The room wasn't made until 5 pm one day, even though the &quot;make up the room&quot; sign was on the door from 10 am to 3 pm. And they only cleaned the room after we called concerned that the maid had died, or something. They only give you one bath towel per person unless you call for more. The empty tissue box placed strategically on the night table was not replaced even though it was empty. Had to call the front desk after sneezing. The TV picture was snowy and required fixing. There's no alarm clock or phone books in the rooms. We had to wait 25 minutes for our valeted car because, we were told, they were understaffed. Large functions held in the lobby each night were intrusive.Management should consider this a wake-up call. Train your room staff to clean rooms better, and hire enough people to maintain your four stars. Or drop a star and lower your rates.	
Jun 11 2007 	Would return to Hotel Gault in a hearbeat	Just to second a lot of the other reviews on TripAdvisor, we had two great experiences at Hotel Gault. We have made two long weekend trips to Montreal and found Hotel Gault to be perfect for us for both stays. The location, size of the hotel (small), service, and design were all fabulous! Location is right in the heart of Old Montreal and near a subway station. Service is always wonderful (consierge spent considerable amount of time helping us find restaurants, make reservations and printing out maps for us). My husband loves modern design and was loving Hotel Gault with the polished cement flooring and other such touches. Breakfast is included in the stay and is above and beyond my expecations for a free breakfast (made to order eggs benedict, lox, omlet, etc.) So good that we ate there every morning before heading out for the day.Needless to say, as we already have been there twice, we'd return again a third time.	
May 1 2007 	Gault ultra modern ok stay	Stayed at Gault for weekend getaway with my husband. We frequent Old Montreal several times a year for vacation and business. Found Hotel Gault to be just okay . We booked a room to find that it only had a shower. Had to pay extra to upgrade to suite with tub. The suite was modern and very different . Balcony is big and private if you book the best suite otherwise you share your balcony. The curtains, made of organza were torn and the whole place had an office feel to it. Nothing warm or inviting. Breakfast was good and the coffee was hot. Overall I'd say there are better places to stay in Old Montreal and Hotel Gault is only so so in my books.	
Mar 27 2007 	Very nice	Stayed at The Gault in a king room on third floor. Very funky and nice. Bedroom/living area curtained off from dressing and bathroom area. Toilet in closet-like space with sliding door and shower next to it with clear door. Sink outside both. Platform bed nice and comfy with a duvet cover. We booked through the hotel's website and it included one dinner. They have a prix fixe menu for meals too. Presentation was great, food was good. Free brkfst very nice too. Ordered omelet from the kitchen to supplement the breads and salads offered. Parking is $25CAD per night. It's in Old Montreal and quite a walk to the downtown area. We did it with no problem but we like to walk. A few museums are nearby, but beware of dog poop all over the sidwalks. Noon check-out is much appreciated.The staff seems to be younger people (20s?) and they were very willing to get you anything you need. Friendly and courteous too.Building was built in 1901 as the first YMCA in North America (plate outside building says so). I would stay here again but would also consider a hotel a little north and few blocks to the west to be closer to the downtown area. Note: The non-Canada resident tax refund program is ending at the end of March. If you do the refund at the airport as you are leaving, you can get cash.	
Mar 3 2007 	Great stay at the Gault	I stayed at the Gault with my boyfriend for two nights at the end of december 2006. It is by far the best hotel I have visited - point of comparison are the Place d'Armes in Montreal, the Germain in Toronto and the Dominion 1912 in Quebec city. The design is absolutely outstanding. The room was very big. The FLOU bed was extremely comfortable and so were the duvet and pillows.The heated floor in the bathroom was well apreciated. The DVD player in the room was useful to watch our dvds - check out the dvd selection in the lobby - and so was the internet connection in the room.The complimentary breakfast was a nice surprise as you could order great hot breakfast from the kitchen and not just a continental breakfast. The staff was courteous and discreet.Overall a charming and romantic experience. I highly recomend it.	
Jan 25 2007 	It's a gem!	We had a fantastic experience at Hotel Gault. I can't remember the last time I stayed in a place where I couldn't find a single flaw. Everything from interior design to hotel staff was impeccable. Our room was incredibly spacious and seriously felt like home away from home. The staff was personable, attentive and helpful with all our requests, from parking our car to recommending and reserving wonderful dining options in the area. We felt like we were visiting some sort of dear friends, that's how well the staff took care of us. I could go on and on. We ended up extending our stay in Montreal and hotel Gault had a lot to do with it.	
Dec 23 2006 	A pleasure	We just spent the better part of a week at the Hotel Gault in Montreal, celebrating our 20th wedding anniversary, and our postive experiences at this hotel, and in Old Montreal, have left us with such a memorable and joyful celebration. As in Paris, we always prefer a small boutique hotel, and with only 30 diverse rooms in the Hotel Gault, we became acquainted with the friendly, competent, courteous and professional staff, and in all of our interactions with them, we all shared a genuine personal touch to all of our activities. From the time we made our reservations by phone, and until we left by taxi to the airport, every staff member (chefs to attendants) made every encounter a pleasant experience. Our quiet &quot;top 5&quot; room was impecably cleaned each day, excellent toiletries; we were also provided with a hand-written weather report for the next day, along with bottled water on the nightstand. With the excellent location of the Hotel Gault, we leisurely walked, or took the metro everywhere (without fear or safety concerns), and appreciated the non-destructive humanity of the people of this fine city. The majority of our purchases consisted of items (art to clothing) that were creations of local artists, and we never felt cheated or deceived in our discussions and purchases. When we return to Montreal, we will also return to the Hotel Gault, and expect to again enjoy all the courtesies the enthusiastic staff provided to us.	
Dec 21 2006 	Perfect (again)	Hotel Gault is simply great. It was our second stay there and it hasn't missed a beat in the 2 years since our first visit. Gault now serves lunch and dinner to go along with the included breakfast that they have always offered. ReceptionWe arrived at 1pm and our room was not yet ready (3pm check-in) so we left our vehicle at the curb, they checked our bags for us and then took our vehicle to the car park. We have a full-sized SUV so it had to be parked a block away in a larger garage. Parking was $25CAD/nt. My wife and I walked around Rue St. Paul and grabbed a quick lunch and returned to the hotel at 2:30pm to find that our room was ready. We were then escorted to our room to find that our bags awaited us in the room.The RoomWe booked a corner room. The corner rooms are very spacious with the heated concrete bathroom floors, huge shower with Grohe fixtures and minimalist furniture. The queen-sized bed was comfortable and the rooms contain an ironing board, iron, hairdryer, workstation, flat screen TV with DVD player (movies available in the lobby) and a compact audio system.DiningThe dinner was incredible. A very small and modern menu that reflects the ambience of the hotel. The dining space is small and quiet and the tables overlook gaslit Rue St. Helene. Breakfast is also excellent. There's a cold buffet offering with fresh fruit, baked goods and juices. There are also choices from the kitchen such as omelets with bacon and hash browns. LocationThe hotel is a bit far from the downtown core. It's walkable (for us) but it's a mostly uphill trek to get to St. Catherines' St. Your only a block from the Metro and therefore a block to the underground pedestrian passageways, so once you get a handle of the maps of the underground you can save yourself time and effort navigating the city. Hotel Gault is just 2 streets from Rue St. Paul and a 5 minute walk to Bonsecours and Place Jaques Cartier. Also the Bell Center is approx. a 15 minute walk but just a couple of Metro stops away.	
Dec 5 2006 	Wonderful Stay at the Gault	Everything about the hotel was great! We booked a loft suite, which was a good size, very clean with neat furniture. The bathroom was incredible, especially liked the big bathtub and heated floors. Service was excellent - nothing like leaving your car at the front door and not being bothered with ticket stubs to keep track of. When we needed the car, we just called the front desk and asked for it - no problems at all. The breakfast which was included was fantastic - eggs benedict, crepes, whatever you want! The lobby bar was cozy and friendly with wireless internet if you bring your laptop. We booked this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews and were not disappointed at all. Stay here, you won't be sorry!	
Nov 15 2006 	The Perfect Weekend!	I brought my husband to Montreal to celebrate his birthday. Thanks to the Hotel Gault, it was a perfect weekend! The staff (Andre, Robert, Phillip and Melinda, to name a few) was very friendly, attentive and extremely helpful. The Hotel's decor is modern but has a very intimate atmosphere. We were given a beautiful room on the 5th floor -- extremely spacious and great view. The bare cement floors tend to get a bit cold (except in the bathroom area where the floors are heated). The restaurant/bar in the lobby was great. Food (we had breakfast and lunch) was good, nice variety. The only &quot;criticism&quot; was that the gym was very small. In fairness though, we didn't even use the gym while there because we were trying to make the most of our two-day stay in Montreal. We would definitely go back to Hotel Gault. We wouldn't stay anywhere else!	
Oct 25 2006 	It's my favorite hotel	This is my favorite hotel in the world. It's got very modern, clean, spare lines so if that is not your taste you might not like it. Service is impeccable and location is great for going to other spots in old Montreal.	
Oct 21 2006 	Modern	This hotel is in the same category as W Montreal &amp; Hotel Nelligan. Both very modern, sleeck, upscale, and hip. The room is very bare with the essentials. They seem not to provide enough clean towels, wash towels, and etc. I had to ask for more. The water, chips, and chocolates in the room were unmarked with prices. So I didn't know if they were complimentary or not.... hence I didn't touch them.You can hear noices from upstairs and next door very easily. All rooms seems to have very high ceilings. All with views of the surrounding buildings. The hotel is only 5 stories high, so don't expect any spectacular views of anything.The breakfast was good, which was complimentary and included waffles and order of eggs if you wanted. All the staffs were friendly and helpful. The beds were extremely confortable. The room was clean and modern. At the summer promotional rate of $249, its hard to go wrong at this hotel. But I believe rates are usually around $400, which I think may be a bit too expensive when comparing to the W Hotel. Not sure if it justifies that price rate... its no four seasons and definitely does not have all the amenties to justify that price.	
Oct 4 2006 	Outstanding	Stayed 3 nights in an Etcetera room. Very nice large room with CD, DVD, wireless and LAN, flat screen TV, great bed. Bathroom was very nice with heated floors, seperate shower, and large bathtub. Service was excellent and staff were very helpful. Breakfast buffet had good choices. Overall an excellent luxury boutique hotel in a great old city location. Wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. Only minus is only 2 machines in the gym. That said, I never had to wait to use the treadmill...	
Sep 26 2006 	Good but not the best	Okay folks, the Hotel Gault is a great hotel, but I don't understand this hype with all the &quot;best luxury hotel&quot;. The hotel Nelligan, down the street has more amenities and their ambience is much more inline with the luxury theme-same price. I enjoyed staying at Gault and the price is right - $235/night. But I was disappointed by having no drawers to put my clothes in, and the amenities were very basic. If you can get the same price at Nelligan or Le Place de Armes, then we're talking luxury.	
Sep 25 2006 	nearly perfect	I met up with a group of friends for a long weekend in Montreal. We all stayed at the Gault. The staff was wonderful, Andre, the concierge, gave us great recommendations for restaurants and sights to visit. We were always greeted with a smile when we stepped in the front door, or off the elevator, and their only answer to a question was &quot;yes&quot;. As others have said, the beds are very comfortable and the decor and furnishings are warm modern. The hotel is beginning to show a bit of wear, scraped elevator and room doors, a patch of paint missing by our soaking tub, and scuff marks on the room floor. Not a complaint, just an observation. I would not hesitate to stay at the Gault again.	
Sep 24 2006 	Smart room excellent breakfast	This hotel was a fantastic start to our holiday in Canada. On arrival someone took our bags from our taxi. The welcome was friendly and informative. We were shown up to our room by Dominic. He showed us round the room and told us where everything was. He gave us a map and showed us where and how to get to all the places we wanted to go. There were cool gadgets in the room... a fun, height adjustable table(!), stereo, TV, DVD player, heated floor, etc. Location in Old Montreal was excellent. The basilica is only 5-10 minutes down the road and the subway is easy to find (Victoria). Breakfast was included in the rate and was a &quot;help yourself buffet&quot; of breads, juice, jams, pate, cheese, fruit, cereal and also cooked eggs - omlette and benedict are to be recommended! The only criticism we could come up with was that the heated concrete floor was slightly scuffed/marked, but hardly something which would spoil our stay! Definitely recommended.	
Sep 23 2006 	fantastic hotel	i am just returning from a two day business trip in Canada and can not say enough about this hotel. The rooms are excellent-mine had a roof top terrace and a heated bath room floor. The furnishing strickly Knoll and the bed was the best. The location is central and the design superb. The food was ok and the drink pours are small but the staff incredible. Ther are only 30 rooms so everyone is treated like a true guest.I can not wait to return	
Aug 19 2006	Excellent great service and great value	Stayed at the lovely hotel gault recently. Well worth it. Was there for a long weekend with my partner and the staff could not have been nicer.Room was cool without being overdone. Stay on the top floor with the terrace if you can swing it. Breakfast in room was lovely.But mostly the staff were so very nice and helfpul.	
Aug 17 2006 	Best Luxury Modern Hotel Experience - Excellent!	My husband and I just returned from our Honeymoon stay at the Hotel Gault. I have to say the entire experience was fabulous! This is by far one of the best modern luxury hotel's we have stayed at thus far. We travel around the globe frequently and have not come across an establishment that can truly be given an excellent rating in all categories. The Hotel is very clean, rooms are spacious, all necessary amenities included, breakfast was great and the staff was extremely accomodating. I would have to say that the staff was on the same level as a stay at a Four Season's Hotel. The location is very convenient and within walking distance to all of the major sites, shopping and dining. I highly recommend this hotel! You will not be disappointed.	
Jun 1 2006	its hard to review when youre left speechless..	words (or photos as well, actually) cannot possibly do the gault justice. i took my boyfriend there for a long weekend to celebrate his birthday..had read as much as possible about the gault online previous to booking. i assumed that after three months of planning, the hype had almost certainly risen to a level that no hotel could possibly live upto. delighted to say, i was dead wrong. a few highlights: the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in, breathtaking archetecture, a terrace view of montreal, breakfast fit for royalty, and above all, andre..sorry to namedrop andre, no pressure. :) if an afternoon passed when we didnt see him, both of us were disappointed..we even abandonded breakfast in our heavenly bed for breakfast downstairs in hopes of having a chat with him (breakfast downstairs was lovely as well, of course). no compliments will do..you simply must meet him (and the gault) for yourself. i will never even consider staying at another hotel in montreal, ever again. in fact, id like to try a different room every time i happen by. absolutely fantastic.	
May 19 2006	Merci beaucoup	Living on the north shore of Montreal I heard and read many good things about the Gault, so i decided to try it for one night. Was there May 12 2006 to celebrate my wife 50 th birthday and loved every minute of our stay. My wife and I were pleasently surprised by all the attention and service we got from the moment we arrived to the time we left. Our room was on the top floor (#520) very modern, confortable and clean. Great view from our balcony, all those architectural details on old buildings that you miss from ground level. Included in the price of the room is a brunch witch we specially enjoyed, the quality and variety is unbelievable and it is served in the lobby. They make good cofee, I think it's their specialty. If you want to impress somebody, this is the place. Carole et Michel	
May 15 2006	Perfection!	We stayed at the Gault from 4/28 to 4/30 and absolutely loved every minute of it. All the previous post have been right on. The hotel is just beautiful on the outside and so modern on the inside. The hotel staff were so wonderful and extremely friendly, really made you feel welcomed. Our room was so clean and roomy. The bed was so comfy; one of the best hotel beds I ever slept in. Loved the heated floors in the bathroom and the shower, wow! The continental breakfast was an absolute delight, especially the waffles. It was so nice sitting in the dining area having breakfast overlooking the streets of old Montreal, just lovely. The location is convenient to the metro, just a short walk. We just loved walking in old Montreal, so romantic. We would definitely stay here again, it really made our vacation special. I highly recommend the Gault.	
Apr 22 2006	A very good hotel	I think a dose of realism is required here so let me try to give a balanced review. I read ALL of the reviews and from doing so it's easy to expect some kind of heaven on earth here. But a modern 30 room hotel in the centre of a city like Montreal is unlikely to be THAT good, it just isn't possible. Having said that, I've still given it 5 stars because it's not far off as good as it could be and the things that are not perfect don't knock it down to 4 stars. We are fairly fussy. We stayed at various small inns on our 16 night trip (all with several 5 star reviews on Tripadvisor) and one very expensive hotel at Mont Tremblant. The Gault is a very good place to stay in Montreal. The location is good, Andre is a very personable and helpful guide. We said what we wanted and he booked us 3 excellent meals - Chez L'Epicier (very good food in imaginative dishes in the old town), The Globe (a 'scene' restaurant with a ridiculously noisy DJ, waitresses who look like models and very good food) and the best - O Chalet a new restaurant with a funny 70s camping theme which could have been tacky but actually was rather stylish and the food absolutely superb. Once place we found on our own was for excellent brunch - Le Cartet, 106 Mc Gill.Our room was mid-range, it's admittedly very modern here (minor criticism) but it did have excellent ameneties - a lovely bed, wired free internet access (wifi doesnt work too well through concrete walls), excellent shower, funky storage. Breakfast is a very good buffet but the chairs and tables are not the most practical (minor criticism). The staff are all very friendly and helpful. The location is fine. I've got to say we were rather disappointed with Montreal, perhaps it's over-hyped. The best things we found were various interesting structures - the Geodesic Dome on the island, right out of science fiction; the sports stadium (you can't miss it if you go up to Mont Royal, just look for the spaceship); a building around the corner from the hotel made of coloured glass; the industrial buildings and ships down at the docks. Anyway if you're staying in Montreal this is a very good hotel. If I was going again I'd probably look at other reviews on Tripadvisor but might end up back at the Gault anyway since you can't go wrong there. Hope this helps.	
Apr 15 2006	Perfection in Montreal	I have traveled all over the world and stayed in many high-end hotels and can unequivically put the Hotel Gault easily in my top 3 of hotel experiences. This was my first visit to Montreal and while I loved the city I didn't want to leave my room! I don't want to re-hash what everyone else has said about this great boutique hotel (and I agree with all the positive comments), so I will just give my personal bullet points. The staff is genuinely friendly and caring--probably the nicest staff I have ever encountered. They all know your name and treat you like family. They are very gay-friendly and welcoming to all. The loby at first glance seems spare and minimalist, but gradually shows its true warmth and comfort. The breakfast is excellent--they will make you anything you desire (&quot;free&quot; with room). Nice little bar for a cappucino or a preprandial libation (and they serve Voss water--my favorite). Spend the extra $$ for one of the &quot;essential top five&quot; rooms--private, quiet, and your own balcony. While I missed the soaking tub that is in some of the other rooms, the balcony and views made up for it. The room was very NY loft-like but very &quot;homey.&quot; The bed was great and the linens superb. Great mini-sound system and lots of storage space. Loved the heated bathroom floor (which can set by you). Superior sound control--NO city or neighbor noise. I stayed in 520 and never wanted to leave! Great location, close to old Montreal and great restaurants. Go have a drink and the elegant room in the St. James and either of the two bars of the W (both short distance walking). Remember...wine is VERY VERY expensive (2-10 times the price in the states). I carried a few bottles with me from the US because of this--but splurge for a glass of Champagne in the St James bar--beautiful and elegant (don't miss the deal at &quot;happy hour&quot; drinks and appetizer pairings for $20 CA!) Another thing not to miss is pizza on Youville St at Pizzaiolle (sp?). A bit of a walk but worth it is Restaurant Cavali--authentic and heavenly Italian fare. Hotel Gault is the only place I would stay in Montreal and can't wait to go back. You will love it!	
Apr 10 2006	Spectacular	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Gault for a weekend in Montreal and were completely blown away. The outside was stunning, the lobby and common areas were very friendly and relaxed, and our room was very modern &amp; sleek (lots of exposed concrete &amp; steel, king bed, two curtains separating the bedroom from the bathroom, comfy chairs, great patio-style doors opening to Juliet balconies, etc.).There was a DVD player in the room (and DVDs downstairs in the living room which you could borrow), free LAN connection in the room, free wi-fi access in the lobby and a free (well...included in the price of the room) breakfast better than what you'd find in most cafes. It's on a little street two minutes from Place D'Armes and two minutes from a metro station, so both quiet and convenient.The staff were professional and relaxed at the same time, and happily did everything we asked of them: gave us great suggestions for places to eat (like Holder, a very good resto-pub around the corner on McGill), pointed out interesting things to see in the city, let us use their computer to print out our boarding passes, let us sprawl in their lobby even after we'd checked out...all without any of the pretention or aloofness that you get from many high-end hotels.I can't imagine a better hotel experience. I can't imagine staying anywhere else in Montreal either.	
Mar 7 2006	A fine balance	Over the last six months, my team and I have tried eight high-end hotels in Montreal. I do not pretend to speak for them, this is purely my view. But I do feel passionately that this is one of the better hotels I have stayed at.The lobby has an open, well-designed but homely feel. The concierge took time to explain individual features about each of our rooms (there are only 19 in the whole hotel). The library seems to be a particularly comfortable place for meetings. Though they are a little light on the books, but make up for it with the video/magazine selection.Each room is unique. I found mine had an excellent blend of design and warmth despite the minimalist effort that had been put into it.Service is excellent overall. Attention paid to detail - helps when there so few rooms. The only thing I found annoying was the air conditioning (despite being quiet) could not be turned off at night. Excellent bed, very good pillows.	
Mar 2 2006	Disappointed	After having read all the wonderful reviews, I was expecting my stay at the Gault to be the &quot;summit&quot; of a two-week Canada trip. However, I was rather disappointed, both by certain aspects of the room and by the service. This has been the only time that I have disagreed so significantly with the Tripadvisor rating.Room problems: several lights didn't work, the safe was broken, the toilet seat was about to break &amp; there were no clothes hangers at all (strange for a luxury hotel!)Service problems: the people at reception and at breakfast were very friendly. BUT, I was not so thrilled with the overbearing attentions of the concierge André: for many travelers, advice on restaurants and extended anecdotes on the city may be welcome, but that advice shouldn't be forced on (more independent-minded) travelers who know the city. At one point, I resorted to running away when he approached me for the umpteenth time.At the end of our Canada trip, I found that both the Germain in Toronto and the Auberge St Antoine in Québec City were superior hotels (with regard to service &amp; accommodation).	
Feb 21 2006	Didn't like it	I dont understand all these rave reviews. I stayed here last March and apart from being locked in the bathroom for fifteen minutes due to a faulty lock this hotel is very basic and totally overrated. The chairs in the rooms are like office chairs very uncomfortable and you could not watch tv from the bed as it didn't swivel. Staff were not overly concerned about my locked in problem and only offered minor compensation. Breakfasts and location are good thats about it. No one to help bring luggage in on arrival.I prefer the St James, as do the Rolling Stones!	
Feb 13 2006 	By far the best hotel in Montreal in Canada and possibly the world.	Hello, as a seasoned traveler for both business and pleasure I just had to write and say that this is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at. The rooms are modern but very cozy with every amenity you could ever need and more. However, what truly makes a hotel is the staff and service. The Gault staff is most courteous, professional, congenial and polite group of people I have ever done business with. They were so polite and treated my wife with such attention and respect that we were both almost embarrassed by how polite and helpful these people were. I am definitely going back. One tip though, the room rate can be a little pricey so I strongly suggest that you book online in advance and take advantage of their online deals which often enough are at 50% off the regular rack rates. Five stars!!!!!	
Jan 21 2006	Simply the best!	Don't waste time looking any further. Book here, you will not be disappointed. Perfect location for Old Montreal. Perfect stay.	
Jan 11 2006	Classic Stay; Classy Staff	We went to a wedding and stayed at this beautiful hotel in Montreal. We highly recommend it. At first glance the lobby and its modern furniture makes you think you are going to be in a very &quot;stuffy&quot; and &quot;hipster&quot; place. But the Hotel Gault is not like that at all. The staff is so warm and inviting that you end up wanting to stay there forever!The furnishings are very modern, rooms are huge, the breakfast/brunch is delicious and very healthy. The lobby serves as a restaurant for lunch and breakfast and as a quiet bar at night.  We especially loved the heated floors in the hotel rooms. Most all the rooms had balconies; some balconies were larger than others. Most balconies were narrow, which meant that you could not sit on the balconies. However, the windows were huge and elegant; with beautiful flower boxes. The breeze that came through added to the wonderful environment in the room. We were quite impressed with the staff. They made our stay at Hotel Gault so pleasant. We'll definitely go back there for a visit!	
Jan 3 2006	Perfect	This hotel was amazing! Friendly and helpful staff. Great location. Fabulous room. Would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Dec 4 2005	One of the best boutique hotels in the world!	I have actually stayed in this hotel 3 times over the past several years. I first went shortly after they opened. I have traveled all around the world on over 60 international trips in 3 years (all vacation). This hotel is head and shoulders above most hotels I have been to. It's ultra cool and has excellent amenities. More importantly, the staff is amazing and goes the extra mile. The last time I went I remember that I called down to ask if they could recommend any places that delivered food. They gave me some phone numbers. I asked about one of the restaurants and they didn't have a menu so they went down the street to go get one! Also, I had to mail some letters and didn't have stamps but offered to buy some stamps. Again, they didn't have any stamps there but offered to mail them for free. The room I stayed in was great. Once I stayed in a &quot;Studio&quot; and another I stayed in the &quot;etcetera&quot; and the other the &quot;Terra&quot;. All were great. The breakfast buffet in the morning was really great. They were always very friendly about directions, parking and the service was head and shoulders better than most places. One night I had a date with a girl I met and I went to buy a bottle of champagne. Someone that came in for the turndown service noticed it and immediately offered to bring a bucket with ice and even brought champagne flutes up. I ended up leaving an expensive Prada belt in the room when I left and I expected it to be long gone. I called and they said that the cleaning lady found it. They immediately Fed-ex'ed it to my office the next day.I can't recommend this hotel enough. When I go back to Montreal I wouldn't stay anywhere else. mike@apartmentsba.com	
Nov 17 2005 	Impeccable terrific and suave	The Gault is the real deal when it comes to service and cool. I spent 8 nights there for a long conference and every night spent in the Gault was a treat. They are THE NICEST staff I have ever encountered in any hotel in the world (and I have stayed in over 40 countries). Special kudos to the front desk for remembering our names every time we came in the door. Be careful what rooms you get. We were in the best rooms in the hotel, but some are small on the bottom floors. Splurge for the fourth or fifth floor rooms. The modern decor is way cool and very welcoming; very modern, but incredibly comfortable. The only nit I would pick is the ridiculous chairs for the dining area. They nearly killed three people while I was there so watch out for tripping. The rate includes breakfast and all the various coffee drinks you can consume. Remember to order off the menu for breakfast. If you like your eggs 'American' standard, ask for your omelette well done, otherwise they are a bit wet (keep in mind a breakfast like this would set you back at least $25 CAD elsewhere.) Use your tub if you get one, it's way cool after a busy day of shopping. Go shopping on Ste Catherine street, especially in the higher end shops. There are some real treasures. The Gault is one of the finest hotels I have stayed in, bar none. Not a grand hotel in that tradition, but warm, welcoming people make it the experience you should not miss in Montreal. Magnifique!	
Nov 14 2005	Exceptional	Just got back from a wonderful 3 day stay. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. The staff is super. Andre the concierge goes beyond efforts to help you, even taking you outside the building to point out directions. That is not to say the rst of the staff is not just as helpful. The rooms are modern, yet comfortable. We had a terra room which has a bathroom as big as some of the hotel rooms I have been in. The area is quiet, and you actually can walk to downtown. The breakfast is something to look forward to each morning.. make sure you order from the kitchen. The only drawback is housekeeping... turndown service is sporadic. They tend to come just when one is getting ready for dinner, and when sent away, they never return. There is no need to look anywhere else for a stay in Montreal.	
Nov 9 2005	What a perfect spot - could never stay anywhere else again!	I have travelled often in my life though have never before felt compelled to write a review of any of my accomodations. I hesitate now only because I wish to keep this gem to myself - however, since the beans have already been spilled, I will elaborate on the beauty of the Gault. What a magnificant retreat! The lobby is sleek but not unwelcoming, the staff warm and incredibly attentive to any needs. They readily provided directions, made reservations, and answered all of our questions. Service at the front desk and at the bar was efficient and thorough. The rooms are spacious and quiet and the bed is remarkable. Never have I slept so well while away from home! All the luxuries and creature comforts one could want for while away from home were provided, from the lush bathrobes to the umbrella hanging thoughtfully in the wardrobe. Breakfast is included in the room rate and for an additional $5, can be had in the room. It was a delight each morning. I could never stay anywhere in Montreal again...I am already searching for an excuse to find myself back at the Gault!	
Oct 31 2005	Gault is Great!	We just returned from 3 fabulous nights at the Hotel Gault. We were 2 couples (40's) looking to let loose and eat, drink and sightsee our way around the city! We loved our &quot;loft&quot; style King room with high ceilings, beautiful fabrics and tasteful furnishings - very chic!! Our very large bathroom included a tub big enough for two, a separate water closet and a glass enclosed shower. The radiant heated floor was a nice touch for the chilly mornings. Housekeeping was wonderful and we never had ANY issues. Bathroom amenities were perfect, towels were fluffy and a robe was provided - nothing was lacking. The location of the hotel is perfect for exploring Old Montreal. Notre Dame is right down the street and we were able to find numerous bars, restaurants and bistros right in the area - far too many choices for a weekend. We particularly enjoyed Boris Bistro for dinner (around the corner on McGill) and the Cobalt Bar and the Nelligan Hotel for cocktails (on St. Paul). However, if you want to venture further, concierge is more than willing to offer up suggestions and ideas. They will even print various restaurant menus off the internet for you. The small bar at the Gault is perfect for a cocktail at the beginning or end of your night (we did both!). There is also a nice fireplace separating the reception/bar area and a comfortable reading room in the back. The Gault has tons of DVD's for rent and lots of books/magazines to peruse if you're hanging out on the couches. As mentioned in the other reviews...the breakfast was awesome! A beautiful buffet selection is offered daily along with a made to order choices. The food and service was top notch all the way. It's a nice touch that the entire breakfast is included in the room rate. If you eat too much at breakfast, there is a small health club in the basement with a good treadmill, an elliptical and some free weights - just enough to sneak in a quick 30 minute workout. The metro station is very close to the Gault and a good way to move around the city. We used the Metro 1/2 the time and then relied on short taxi rides in the evening - never more than $10/15 to get us from point A to point B. I cannot express enough how friendly the staff was during our entire stay! They should be proud of the impression they made on the 4 of us! We will return.	
Oct 17 2005	very good place	Read all the reviews on this site, which helped us select the Gault. We stayed in a Studio, one of the largest options. Very clean, extremely modern. We are not modern furniture people but felt it would be fun for a change. If you are really into this type of look, this place would be fantastic for you. Lots of new stuff but also valuable stuff from the 40's-50's and 60's. The bed is incredibly comfortable. We loved our bathroom (which for us included a tub) Our studio had a mini fridge, wet bar and microwave. The living area was seperated from the bedroom by a custom built wood piece which did not reach the ceiling, but was really more of a divider. The TV/DVD was located on that, on a swivel that could face either room area. If you want something supremely cushy and comfy, this is not your place. OUr studio was wonderful but not the most Cozy thing we have stayed in. Having said that, it was fun to 'try something different on' since we are huge antique people. The lobby is terrific. Neat bar and surrounding area. Breakfasts were very good, and we found that we ordered the hot breakfast items every morning. Service very gracious there, expecially if you remember that although it is 'free', the server deserves a tip. Things were replenished regularly. The Gault is on the edge of Old Montreal- get your bearings so you don't miss the busier streets of Old Montreal. The staff was enormously friendly. Also, take the hotel's address and number with you if you are taking cabs. Not all of the drivers have discovered the Gault yet. We LOVED Andre. He has genuine passion for the hotel and the area. But all the front desk/concierge folks were very professional and friendly and helpful. We had no problems with housekeeping. Left our room, put out the sign and when we came back it was all set. It's true they don't change the linens every day but why tax the environment with the extra soap and hot water. If we threw towels on the floor, they were replaced. If we hung them, they were not. Fine with us. We ordered drinks and apps room service- quick and efficient. Husband forgot his razor, brought one up. Staff always inquired as to whether we enjoyed a recommended restaurant etc. We can only give this place high marks, but most especially because of the people who work there.	
Oct 10 2005	C'est Super!	The other trip advisor reviews do not lie. This is a real find. Everyone on the staff was so accomodating i every way. The room had minimal decor, but the amazing bed and comfy linens made up for it! nice shower and bathroom too. The breakfast was out of this world (don't miss the French toast or the croissants). The Gault Martinis at the bar were fantastic! Great location, we walked everywhere! I can't say enough good things about this hotel. Feel free to email me with other questions.	
Oct 6 2005	Quiet and Sophisticated	First of all, I wanted a room with a terrace but it wasn't available. I didn't realize that all their rooms have doors/windows that open completely that allow fresh air in and transports you to another time. Below passed a horse drawn tourist cairrage over cobble stoned streets and I was completely taken. A minor drawback was the maid service that came in at turn down service time rather than the morning while we were out but one call to the front desk immediatley rectified the situation with a follow up to see if it was to our liking. THe lobby is always quiet but homey (if modern). THere was a quiet coctail party the night beofre we left and it was unobtrusive to the guests. The staff was super. Incredible Lychee Martinis by Adrianne who seemed to always have been there. Everyone in the reviews talk about the staff and they really are the best asset of the hotel. THe hotel was pricey but I knew that when I booked. No surprises. THe breakfast the next day always seemed worth it in the end. We were never more than a $5 cab ride from anywhere and the metro too was near. The beds were very comfortable and made you want to sleep longer. THe heated bathroom floor does work quite well. I have stayed at W's elsewhere but this is taken to the different level. It's not clubby or young. THe decor may be a bit cold but it was actually condusive to just lounging around downstairs. THe black clad staff were so quiet but always at beck and call. My best hotel experience.	
Sep 28 2005	Fantastic hotel	What can I add to the other reviews? My girlfriend and I stayed here for two nights and wish we could have stayed longer. The minimalist room is maybe not to everyone's taste, but we liked it nonetheless; it had everything that you could possibly need including the heated bathroom floor! Breakfast was excellent, and for those of you that find the normal North American pancakes too stodgy, their crepes are delicious, thin and ever so slightly crispy. The best aspect of the hotel was the service though, for such a &quot;cool&quot; hotel you would expect an air of pretentiousness, far from it, the staff are extremely polite and will do their best to cater to your every whim. André knows everything there is to know about Montréal including the all important restaurants and attrations, and will send you to all the right places, especially those just off the beaten track. Should we ever return to Montréal we will definitely look this hotel up again.	
Sep 18 2005	The Best	What can I say? what a hotel, we loved the place. Service, the best we've had in a hotel; Breakfast was a fantastic selection of hot/cold plates; room was massive with all one would require in it; bathroom, likewise. Located in the Old Port area, easy to get to many attractions and lots of restaurants etc. But what makes a place is it's staff, and they were all superbé. When I needed to use a computer and did not have one (on my honeymoon) they supplied a laptop to us for free for as long as we needed it and they have a great wi-fi connection in the lobby. A great hotel in a great city, we chose it because of the reviews in Tripadvisors. We'll be back......	
Sep 15 2005 	My favorite hotel— anywhere	Design meets comfort. Staff makes you feel like you're home. They are truly the best. The hotel doesn't really have a restaurant; they have a kitchen. A kitchen that makes fabulous tasty food 24/7, wonderful breakfasts, a nice little bar downstairs. Just what you need to be comfortable, nothing you don't. The rooms are clean, modern well-equipped, but so, so comfortable. I travel here for business (have tried the Vogue, Le Germain, St. Paul but have come back here now for two years) but I would definitely bring my spouse back here for a weekend getaway. Only drawback is you have to walk a little for restaurants/stores, but not far and it's a neat old neighborhood, and of course the staff is always willing to give you a good steer. Le Gault, c'est magnifique!!	
Sep 13 2005	Housekeeping on strike????	Just returned from four nights at the Gault. While the staff, breakfast and location were great, housekeeping was a disaster. We checked in to find clipped toenails on the floor and hairs in the shower. Despite requests with the front desk to have our room serviced late morning/early afternoon, housekeeping would show up at 5 PM daily, a time when we, and most guests, were resting up and showering before going out for the evening. Used glasses were never replaced, an empty tissue box not replaced, sheets on the bed not changed unless requested. paint peeling from the shower ceiling. This was in a $400/night suite. I would expect better at a Motel 6. Never again!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 22 2005	Hidden Jewel	The room was outstanding. Very quiet, good location for exploring Montreal. Excellent breakfast. Staff really courteous and helpful. Andre, the Concierge, had excellent suggestions for shopping and restaurants. We can't wait to go back!	
Aug 13 2005	Vive le Gault	My family just spent 5 nights at the Gault. This is one mod little hotel that earns its good reviews. This boutique property is fun, stylish, well located for leisure visitors, and unlike so many other trendy hotels of the moment, it hits on all the key hospitality cylinders without a single backfire. Our room was spacious, with an extra comfy kingsize bed and a rollaway for junior. The design element is big here, so if you like modern, the Gault is going to be to your taste. Minimalist decor, but cozy and bright. Breakfast is a treat as many other reviewers have noted. Service is attentive and friendly, but not obtrusive. The Gault pays attention to all the little details that can make or break a hotel stay. It is consistently just a little better than you might expect and the knowledgeable staff pulls it off with composure and elan. Highly recommended.	
Aug 8 2005	The creme de la creme!	This was one of our best hotel stays ever. The room was superb, the staff delightful and the breakfast a gourmet treat! We would return to Montreal just to stay at the Gault...	
Aug 4 2005	Five-star service at four-star prices	We got the first of several pleasant surprises at check-in, when we learned that we had been upgraded to a suite (complete with wraparound terrace) with no increase in rate. We loved everything (well, almost everything) about the Hotel Gault: the clever, open-plan design in our suite; the magnificent breakfasts; the luxurious deep bathtub; and most of all, the friendly, helpful, professional staff (special mention to Caroline, customer service superstar). The hotel is extraordinarily well located in the historic district but also on the edge of downtown Montreal. Only minor peeve: although there is excellent wi-fi service in the lobby, we had problems with the high-speed internet connection in our room.	
Jun 26 2005	Slick but Warm and Toasty	Really a great hotel. Rooms are comfortable and huge. Love the bed and huge tub. Daily breakfast was great- leisure,great offerings and could read numerous papers or watch ET or Nemo on the flat screen tv. Staff is very nice and the location is great for strolling around,shopping or getting a bite to eat. Only thing I thought was strange when I was there was the entrance and lack of staff helping you get your bags up the stairs or holding the door open- not a big deal for a smaller hotel but something I noticed. The streets can be a bit noisy as there was lots of contruction going on when I was there and the heated cement floors will pop and crack quite loudly after turning them up or off. Most people I am sure would not notice this- as I am a light sleeper. They did a really nice job with everything. Restaurant called AREA around the way is absolutely excellent!	
Jun 24 2005	best hotel i've ever been in.	the service was wexcellent - professional hotel people who tired to serve the guest - from the first moment i came in after a lousy cab ride and the guy at the desk said - would you like to sit and relax and have a cafe while we get your room ready - everybody there had the same attitude. and then the physical feature - although ultra moderne and i was a little bit nervous about that - it turns out that everything wasd provided and the comfort level was high.	
Jun 14 2005	Cool classy oasis in a busy city	My wife and I stayed at the Gault during Grand Prix weekend (our second stay here) and what a great way to enjoy the weekend. Close enough to the action by Metro, taxi or on foot, yet a world away from the crowds. The other reviews are accurate, we really can't add much. When we checked out, they asked us to complete a survey. One question asked was &quot;improvements needed?&quot;. Our reply - NONE.	
Jun 12 2005	Our Best Hotel Experience Ever...	My wife and I have travelled to many places here in Canada, the United States, and Europe, and Hotel Gault was without a doubt our most enjoyable hotel experience to-date. The service is in a word: exceptional. The front desk staff were always genuinely friendly, helpful, and went out of their way to make us feel as if we were the only guests at the hotel. For example one morning after breakfast my wife and I commented on how we liked the look of furniture in the lobby. Without hesitation the concierge called up the owner of the hotel to find out who designed it, then successfully located a local Montreal store which carried it, and provided us with a map on how to get there so we could check it out. What impressed us most about this was that my wife and I are by no means big-shots. We’re both around 30 years old, and got a package deal on the internet and decided to splurge a little. Yet, the staff treated us as very special guests, in a completely genuine and sincere way. I can’t emphasise this enough. The breakfast was superb, as was the decor in the rooms. Our king bed provided us with a more restful and comfortable sleep then we get at home.If you want the definitive &quot;boutique hotel&quot; experience this is it. Go and enjoy!	
Jun 9 2005	Gault is a Gem	Three college friends met for a long weekend in Montreal, and we were treated to a wonderful stay at Hotel Gault. This boutique hotel is clean, modern and chic. Everything about it far exceeded our expectations--great location, clean and very chic, delicious breakfast. And the service is exceptional. The staff are knowledgable, friendly and very helpful, especially Andre who was there before we even realized we needed his help! I would absolutely return, and I have already recommended this little gem of a hotel.	
Jun 6 2005	Outstanding	Surprised my wife for her birthday with a weekend trip to Montreal. We stayed at the Gault after I made an exaustive search of the hotel scene. Just an incredible place. I am fortunate to have visited many a fine hotel worldwide and found this gem to be spectacular in every detail. Staff and service was sterling. The breakfast in the lobby is not to miss. The design and furnishings are incredible. Very minimalistic, modern yet very comfortable. The room is an architectural dream. Perfect location in the old town of Montreal. No attention to detail has been spared. I can't rave enough.	
May 31 2005	Go for the Gault	What a terrific hotel! We stayed for three nights, and were not disappointed. As mentioned in other reviews, the staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful (and young!), with great dinner and shopping suggestions tailored to what we were interested in. The hotel is clean and modern, but still feels comfortable and romantic. Although the hotel was completely booked the weekend we stayed, it never seemed crowded or busy; a feeling of relaxed (but hip!) elegance was maintained at all time. We stayed in an &quot;Essential&quot; room, which is the least expensive, but the room was plenty big. No dressers, though, so prepare to keep your clothes on shelving. The shower was wonderful, big with great pressure. The breakfast is amazing: plentiful and delicious, with hot items cooked to order. The hotel is located in a quiet part of Old Montreal. It is a mostly business district so on the weekends it is very peaceful and private, yet the bustle of the more touristy section of Old Montreal (which we pretty much avoided) is only a few blocks away, as is the nearest Metro station. All in all, a fabulous time. We would definitely stay there again.	
May 30 2005	One of our best hotels ever	We travel a fair amount and generally stay in nice hotels. Based on reviews in Trip Advisor, I picked the Hotel Gault for our 4-day vacation. It is a fantastic place! It is a small hotel, but everything about it is done big. The modern styling is wonderful. The rooms are large and very comfortable. The breakfast every morning was delicious and the staff was superb. We will stay there any time we travel to Montreal, no question.If you stay there, three other suggestions:About three blocks away is a wonderful little bistro called Olive and Gourmando. An excellent spot for lunch.For dinner we went to a Greek seafood restaurant called Milos (or Millos?). It was about 5 miles away and requires a cab. While an expensive meal, every course served was to die for. If you can afford to splurge, make this a stop.Less wonderful, but much less expensive was a place called Holders. It was about two blocks from the hotel and offered a nice selection of food. We both went with Italian and were very happy.It all made for an excellent vacation!	
May 11 2005	For great hotel go no further	I just spent an incredible weekend in Montreal and stayed three nights at the Hotel Gault. The staff, the room, the food, attention to detail was beyond expectations. I really was sad when we checked out, although they even did a great job on that as well by bringing the car to the front and loading our baggage while we ate a delicious breakfast. The room was spacious, beautifully decorated, lots of light and the heated bathroom floor was a treat. The bed was super comfortable and everything was very clean. They had prepared flowers for my fiancee prior to our arrival. There was a minor detail however. there was a noise from the vent overhead that sounded like dripping water in the duct. It wasn't often and I tuned it out after a bit but was a little annoying. I never bothered to say anything so I won't fault them for it and might have been specific to the room.After a long day of walking the streets of montreal one evening, we rented movies and they made popcorn and tea for us to enjoy. They quickly brought it to our room and set the tv and brought in the munchies.The staff, by the way, were the most helpful, nicest people. They always, genuinely, smiled and wished us a good evening/day when we passed by or asked how things were. It prompted me to send them a thank you note upon my return.I'll be back next time I'm in Montreal on vacation.Thanks hotel gault for a memorable weekend.	
Apr 23 2005 	loved the Gault	I stayed at Hotel Gault for one night and did not want to leave, definately worth the money. The service was better then excellent!!! Great very spacious rooms and as soon as you think of something you need that you forgot they have it. I highly recommend hotel Gault to anyone traveling for business or pleasure.	
Apr 17 2005 	Hotel Gault WONDERFUL	A business/pleasure trip took me to the Hotel Gault in April 2005. What a wonderful place to stay ! I travel a great deal, especially in eastern Canada. Hotel Gault will be my first choice in Montreal. The staff made me feel like a family member. Andre is magnificent and very helpful. The staff is multi-lingual and patient and helpful in such matters. The rooms are very cleverly designed and are comfortable, attractive and accomodating. The location in Oldtown gives very good access to business, travel and entertainment needs. Ask Andre anything and he will help. I suggest diner at Restaurant Laloux. Stay at Hotel Gault and you will certainly enjoy your business or pleasure visit. It is smaller than most luxury hotels. That adds to the comfort and personal touch. Compared to Sutton Place (Toronto) or Chateau Lorier in Ottawa, the Hotel Gault has the same comfort and accomodtions, but they are applied in a more personal way.	
Mar 30 2005	Hotel Gault	My wife Lili and I just returned from a charming Easter Weekend in Francophone Montreal at the excellent Hotel Gault. What everyone says about the breakfast is true: Wow. The buffet alone is outstanding with offerings of pate, cheeses, fruits and croissants. But then you get an additional choice of offerings from the menu which are terrific.Lili and I send along personal thanks to outstanding staff Caroline and Dominique who gracefully hosted us. Caroline printed out individual informative reports on local bakeries, restaurants, museums, and shopping. Caroline made terrific dinner reservations and answered all of our endless questions with a smile.We found the room decore to be aesthetically interesting AND comfortable which is rare for that modern-design look. We had room 430 which is one of the rooms with a stand-alone bath tub -- well worth it.The hotel is located in what is termed &quot;old Montreal&quot; which has the feeling of a Tribeca or Soho which is in the process of being gentrified. The neighborhood is centrally located to points of interest, nearby the metro and offers very cool shopping and two great boulangeries.One other quick note: I am an avid reader and huge fan of books and magazines on architecture, photography and interior design. There is an entire library to this effect replete with fireplace.We will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 19 2005	A 4* hotel with a 5* service	We stayed at the hotel for 1 night after reading reviews and where severly impressed. We stayed for 7 nights at the Auberge Saint Antoine in Quebec, which was lacking service and cleanliness and it was a bliss when we arrived by taxi at the hotel Gault. The staff rushed to carry our suitcases-they were so fast the cab driver did not have time to get off the car.The check-in was effortless - they even asked us where we were going to eat as it was Valentine's day and immediatly booked us in a restaurant that was excellent.The bedroom was awsomeThe breakfast was out of this world by the quality and the presentation. And it is included in the price of the room! we asked to have it delivered to our room (for only 5 CAD) and it was served on a table! amazingWe sadly left - especially as it costed much less than the St Antoine (a rip off) and we felt at home.	
Jan 4 2005	Near perfection	Hotel Gault, picked for our getaway weekend due to raves in Trip Advisor, lived up to its billing. Funky, friendly, great breakfasts, romantic, quiet room,very helpful staff. First rate in every way.	
Dec 24 2004	We'd go back even with our toddler.	Hotel Gault combines the friendliness and comfort of a B&amp;B, w/ top notch staff and incredibly designed interiors. No snobbery here! We needed a quick weekend getaway from Chicago and I felt like I was staying in a friend's New York City Loft. Staff member, Andre was extra attentive,( like an old friend) telling us the History of the building as well as suggestions for shopping, eating, etc. Great location, a quiet street within walking distance of the Indian cafe, Gandhi (Andre's fav), coffee shops, cafes, boutiques and a great chocolatier shop run by an elderly French couple. (Nadine will give you a sample)Beds extremely comfortable, nice wine selection of wine, while lounging in the library area and delicious breakfast,( try the benedict.) Asked if was OK to bring our son on our next visit, No problem and even said they could hire a babysitter for us. We'll be back to the Hotel Gault with our son on our next visit. If you want to try something different w/ lots of style and comfort this definitely should be on your list. This is such a great value!	
Nov 23 2004	In a heartbeat	Especially for our first trip to Montreal, the Hotel Gault was a friendly, sophisticated home I would go back to again and again. The building's modern furnishings are balanced beautifully by the original facade, the food is delicious, and the staff is unparalleled in their helpfulness and charm. It's located in one of the most interesting parts of the city.	
Nov 8 2004	The Best Hotel in Montreal!	Our experience at Hotel Gault has been great from start to finish. First of all, when we got to the hotel, we found out that we had been upgraded to a larger room for no additional charge. The room was wonderful- huge, clean, stylish, excellent bed and linens, high-tech tv and sound system, wonderful bathroom with a large bathtub, etc, etc... The staff could not be more helpful and nice and went out of their way to make sure that our stay was pleasant. The breakfast (which was inclued in the price) was wonderful as well, it included a very nice buffet as well as a hot selection which was not only delicious but also presented in a very beautiful way.I have stayed in another high-end hotel in Montreal, but this one is by far much better. I can't wait to go back!	
Oct 26 2004	Truly Fabulous!	This is a fabulous hotel, with an even more fabulous staff. When we arrived, after a bit of a struggle finding it due to an error on my part with the address, a staff member just coming on duty saw us unloading the taxi from down the block, and rushed forward to help us and escort us in. This set the tone for the entire stay, with staff always going out of the way to be helpful. They gave us several good restuarant suggestions, and were able to get us reservations at places that I couldn't. And may I say a word about the bed? The most comfortable, bar none, that I have ever, ever slept in. Great breakfast. Huge, exquiste bathroom with heated floor, separate tub like a huge gravy boat, and large sized shower. If you appreciate great architecture and design, you will love the Hotel Gault. I can't wait to go back!	
Oct 6 2004	The Gault's great reviews are justified	My wife and I decided to reserve a room at the Gault for four nights (9-27 to 10-1-2004) because of the great reviews noted on TripAdvisor. Conclusion: they are entirely justified. Excellent, quiet location, amazingly knowledgeable, friendly and helpful staff, comfortable room with unique amenities. The full breakfast is delicious and is included in the price of the room. One can easily get spoiled by staying at the Gault. We thought its &quot;minimalist&quot; but &quot;no corners cut&quot; design made for a great and enjoyable ambiance. Our stay occurred during Montréal's &quot;Fashion Week.&quot; One night it turned out that famed Montreal designer Ranata Morales chose the hotel's lobby and bar for a party to introduce her new designs. She joined with the Gault's in inviting its few non-fashion week guests to attend. We went and had a blast. It became apparent when we checked in that the Gault has a true &quot;guests first&quot; policy, and it showed in many, many ways while we were there. We'd love to return there.	
Sep 6 2004	Perfect location perfect stay	My wife and I enjoyed a dirty weekend in Montreal recently. Hotel Gault was the perfect venue - the staff is incredibly friendly, the hotel is cool and austere without feeling cold or intimidating. The included breakfast is tremendous. And the DVD collection and popcorn delivered to your room ensure that no rainy day is wasted. We can't recommend it highly enough.	
Aug 16 2004	Tres Chic Getaway	We just spent a wonderful weekend at the Hotel Gault, which exceeded all expectations. Although the decor is stylishly stark, the rooms were also very luxurious, with excellent bed and linens, top of the line stereo and visual equipment, fine bath products and extremely spacious. Breakfast was a combination of buffet and al a carte served items; could also have a full breakfast via room service for an extra $5.Due to the slightly &quot;off the beaten track&quot; location (but three blocks from the sights), we were able to sleep peacefully with the floor to ceiling windows open, woken late morning by the sound of horse's hooves as the hotel is on the carriage tour circuit. The juxtaposition of Old World meets cutting edge chic was very charming. We'll definitely return.	
Aug 10 2004	THE BEST Ever!	Although I travel a great deal for business and pleasure, I can truly say that I have never had a better hotel experience than when I stayed at the Hotel Gault! It is an amazing property - gorgeous rooms and common areas - with a phenomenal staff! So helpful and kind!! Be sure to ask for restaraunt recommendations and suggestions - the staff will help you find the absolute best of Montreal!I wish all hotels were run like the Hotel Gault!	
Jul 6 2004	Hotel Heaven	My husband and I spent a night at the Hotel Gault in May 2004 to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. What a fabulous hotel. The design is exquisite, our room was huge and had an unbelievable bathroom with heated floors and an exposed brick wall behind the bed. The staff were very helpful and the breakfast was great. The location is wonderful, in a quiet corner of Old Montreal. As a native Montrealer I usually stay with family when I visit Montreal...too bad as I would love to stay at the Gault more often!	
Jun 28 2004	The Perfect Mix of Comfort and Style	I could not have been happier with the service, comfort, and style of the Hotel Gault. My wife and I just spent the weekend there and found (i) our room to be as comfortable as any room we have ever stayed in (and we have been in top hotels around the world) (ii) the staff consistently went the extra mile (and seemed genuinely pleased to be doing so); and (iii) the design touches were exquisite. Our stay was flawless -- we loved the complementary breakfast too. The location is conveniently off the beaten track (but a short walk to the heart of the Old City) so there were no crowd or noise issues even on weekend nights in June. We will return.	
Jun 16 2004	The Best Hotel and best People! Great Design!	This is a just wonderful Hotel experience that I ever have. I stay in Hotel Gault for 4 days and each day I was more suprise that how good the hotel is. The rooms are absolutely beautiful, and very good price my boy friend and I just pay $169 USD a night and we got a supreme service. If you go and stay there you will surprise how nice the stuff members and how polite and helpful. I strongly recommend this hotel to all of my friend. I love staying my, I wish there is more hotel like hotel Gault.	
Jun 14 2004	Friendly Staff	Nice hotel in the old part of the city. The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. Extra touches included a turn down service including bottled water, chocolates and weather forecast for the next day. The lobby is an open floor plan with sitting areas, breakfast/lounge area and reception combined. In the back there is a reading room with a fireplace, dozens of design/art/architecture magazines and a DVD library. Our room was spacious, with an open floor plan, the bathroom and closet spaces were separated by floor to ceiling curtains. The bed was comfortable, nice selection of amenities, flat screen TV/DVD player/CD player/bath robes. The fitness room was small but had excellent equipment. The breakfast was excellent (both buffet and menu selections included). The DVDs can be rented from the front desk for $10 CAN and include popcorn.	
May 18 2004	if your staying in montreal look no further	My wife and I stayed at the Gault may the 14th &amp; 15th 2004. If you want a great experience stay here. The staff is incredible. From the moment we arrived til the time we had to sadly check out they were like family. They defined what service is all about. I cannot describe the hotel because it is extremely unique and has won all sorts of design awards. In fact, it is the coolest place we have ever stayed. (And we have been to some really great places) It is super quiet, romantic, and you'll feel as though you have the place all to your self. Heated bathroom floors with a shower roomy enough for five. An extremely comfortable bed and pillows. Large French windows that open to the street below lets you watch the horsedrawn carriages pass by. And just think, you could have stayed at the Marriott instead. We look forward to returning to montreal sooner rahter than later just so we can return to the Gault and our friends.	
Apr 26 2004	Fantastic!!	I wouldn't consider staying anywhere else. We stayed there for three nights and can't think of a bad thing to say. The staff were very kind and helpful--their recommendations were excellent and they took care of all of our dinner reservations and gave us printed information on everything we asked about. Breakfast was included in the price of our room and was wonderful everyday.	
Apr 5 2004	Bravo Hotel Gault		
Nov 17 2003	How Designer Hotels Should Be!		
Nov 6 2003	Love Love Love Love this hotel		
Sep 26 2003	Montreal Highlight		
Aug 11 2003	Excellent Hotel A Few Quirks		
Aug 5 2003	WOW!!		
Jul 30 2003	wonderful boutique hotel		
Jul 2 2003	Great for Montreal		
Jun 23 2003	My favorite hotel ever		
Mar 4 2003	Great Place		
Mar 4 2003	?????????????		
Apr 6 2009 	mémorable		
