	Much more than I expected	Traveled by train from QC with my daughter, 7 and 5. Walked across the street from the station. Check-in easy. Room 2139. Average. But it's not the room here.Great location. The pool is great. When you go to swim, there is an inside entry and you swim under a deck to enter the Great White North. [It was cold.] Pony-tailed lifeguard has zero personality, but he is efficient. Girls loved the swim. I froze. Concierge staff is remarkable. 45 minutes before face-off, Roberto got me tickets ($220) 7 rows off the ice from a scalper. I paid him and picked up the tickets in a nearby gas station.Thanksgiving? American? Concierge booked us at Globe. Incredible.The restaurant. Had breakfast one day. Expensive. But friendly. Good. Waiter made a recommendation for the girls for that day.Problems?Returned one day -- door ajar. Maid had not shut it. Nothing taken. Reasonably secure.Bar is good too for a drink. Arrived. Wife out of sorts and sent her for a cocktail. She was much better.A great location. Very non-Hilton. Very personable. Unique.I used points so I only paid for what I spent, but it was good. Very good. Better than expected for a Hilton. And if you have kids and its the winter, the pool is a gem. A class of French-speaking children watched one afternoon as we swam. They all wanted to jump into the steamy outdoor pool.And I'm a runner. Old Montreal is a short run. A long walk.	
Nov 13 2009 	First Class Luxury	This hotel is recently remodled with lovely high class touches. The room is comfortable with large beds and a nice flat screen. It is a tri level floor plan without elevators so if you have a lot of luggage arrival can be tricky. The heated outdoor pool is very nice and the location of the hotel is excellent- just a short walk to either Old Montreal or shopping on Catherine.	
Nov 10 2009 	Good location good service odd layout	Friendly and professional service at check in and check out. Rooms were clean and well serviced, but public areas were not always clean (what looked like an Aleve tablet lay on stairs outside my bedroom for 2 days and was clearly visible on the dark carpet; dirty plates left outside a room down the corridor from early morning till midnight; lint on many stairs and hallways). Idiosyncratic layout of hotel with many stairs to go up and down before reaching a room made me wonder how guests who have difficulty in walking cope.On my last evening a loud mechanical noise started close to my room. A hotel staff member came to my room, could not locate the noise but promised to call back minutes later and to move me to another room. He never returned and reception did not know who the staff member in question was.Was there for a business meeting and can commend staff in charge of meeting rooms, audiovisual equipment, etc. for being efficient, knowledgeable, polite and very professional. Lunch and drinks catering also went effortlessly and right on time.Overall okay. Beds very comfy (for me the most important aspect of any hotel) and bed linen impeccably clean. Would be nice to have wi-fi in the room (free wi-fi in lobby painfully slow). Given the price I would advise going to the Delta one block away if the room is used only for sleeping and save C$60-70 per night in the process.	
Nov 9 2009 	A little austere in public areas but some nice features	I stayed at the Hilton Bonaventure the last week of October. Unfortunately, my room had no heat. They gave me some space heaters as the hotel was sold out which made the room warm enough although they once flipped the circuit breaker. I think that they could have done more to compensate, though in that I stayed 5 days and they gave me 20% off of 2 days, which I think was a bit cheap of them. It has a nice gym and the executive lounge breakfast was well stocked as well as the attendant was extremely helpful making me a latte every morning. Good selection of appetizers in the evening, but unlike many executive lounges, the alcoholic beverages were not free.Although I would have liked to try it, it has a year round outdoor heated swimming pool and I think that is a big draw for this hotel. It also is built as the penthouse in a large office building and the rooftop is done as a nice garden with paths plants and trees. It makes for a nice oasis even though you are in the middle of the city.	
Nov 9 2009 	Enjoyed the rooftop but layout of rooms odd	Stayed at the hotel during a conference. Found it a bit far away from main shopping area. We did walk to Mont Royal from the hotel, however, as well as old town. Connection to subway and rail are right across the street. All of the employees of the hotel were friendly and helpful. We did think the meals in the restaurant a bit on the expensive side. We enjoyed the rooftop pool.The room was average and the light from the smoke detector annoying, the beds were comfortable. if I were physically challenged, I would find this a difficult hotel to get around in due to the stairs to and from your room to the lobby.	
Oct 29 2009 	Love this hotel and location	You cannot beat staying at this hotel for its location and roof top oasis. The rooms have been updated (been coming here since 2000). Perfect location for Montreal. Great for both site seeing during the day and night life. Everything is walkable.The rooms are large and clean. The rooftop pool is amazing (lots of fun in the winter when it is snowing on you while swimming in a 80 degree pool). Only downside is the outrageous drink prices at the poo bar. Besides that, we loved this hotel	
Oct 20 2009 	Great renovations	Wow! The Hilton Montreal has made great renovations since my last stay in 2007!!!!!The spectacular rooftop garden is always the main attraction of this architectural Icon from the sixties.I liked the new rooms and Lobby,	
Oct 13 2009 	A hidden gem in the heart of Montreal	We like to stay in boutique hotels and this one had that feel without the high price tag. This unique hotel set on the roof of Place Bonaventure is quite a deal. We paid US$100 through Priceline and would have paid more. The room and bathroom were comfy, roomy, clean and well appointed. We had a view into the unique rooftop garden. Where else can you find a rooftop koi pond with ducks?! We also took a dip in the heated rooftop pool. Plus, the concierge was always helpful. You can take the elevator down to the Bonaventure Station to access stores, restaurants and the metro station. It's also a quick walk to Old Montreal and St. Catherine Street.Can't think of any complaints. Sure, the pool was sometimes crowded and there were occasionally kids running through the halls, but it was early July in Montreal.	
Oct 12 2009 	Average Hilton	The room was spacious, furniture and bathroom a bit dated. A pity that the hotel restaurant isn't open in the evening. The bar is nice but very crowded. The overall feel in the hotel is that it 's dated, you don't get a luxurious feel. Although staff is extremely friendly and helpful.	
Oct 9 2009 	Nice	Nice hotel, clean, elegant, beautiful roof top garden, and kids love the roof top pool!The only problem for us is find the entrance	
Oct 8 2009 	A mixed bag	Spent a week at the Bonaventure because colleagues had chosen it for a conference.The rooms were fine, clean, adequately appointed. Neither the shaving mirror nor the bathroom audio worked. First $12 condoms I've ever seen in the minibar.The layout is bizarre, and since I had supplemental oxygen, toting the tank up and down the twelve steps to my room was laborious, and mine was one of the &quot;handicapped accessible&quot; rooms. Ha! My colleague in a wheelchair was taken to her room by service elevator every time she came from her room for a meeting, shopping or a meal. The underground shopping area was generous, but again, took literally scores of steps up and down to access some of the areas. What would it take to put a wheel ramp in?The lunches catered in-house were dreadful. Spaghetti and frozen meatballs with pumpkin soup on Monday, Pumpkin soup with spaghetti and curry on Tuesday, cold spaghetti with Thai dressing on Thursday... you get the picture.The service was magnificent. The staff was professional, helpful, cheerful and made up for many of the facilities' shortcomings.Depending upon what your goals are, this could be a great stay or a great disappointment.	
Sep 23 2009 	very pleasant staff no surprises	The location is great for business and is close to the trendy galeries like the Fonderie Darling, the activities on Place des Arts, Chinatown and the quaint streets of Old Montreal. The staff was friendly, helpful and knowledgeable, from the lifeguard to the concierge to housekeeping to reception, where I saw a manager efficiently assist a couple who'd left a passport in their previous hotel before joking with me about our shared first name. Housekeeping was also very good about locating and returning something I'd left in the room after I checked out.The gym was adequate, the pool looked nice, though its position outside the reception windows was a bit odd. In fact, the layout of the hotel spread out pretty much in a single layer the length of a city block is a little labyrinthine, with a fair amount of walking to get from one place to the other. In its architecture (concrete and glassed-in green terraces) is very much a reflection of a lot of Montreal's boom between Expo 67 and the Olympics in 76, giving it a slightly dated feel, rather than the Austin Powers cool it might have once had.My standard room was a decent size. Again, no bells or whistles, just staightforward, clean, and sufficient.For my taste, I'd pick something with a little more personality, but it's a chain and for the convenience of a chain it was absolutely fine. No complaints here.	
Sep 11 2009 	Good location pretty hotel property and professional staff	The hotel is located in the center of downtown Montreal just across the street from a Metro station and within walking distance of the Art museum, shopping on St. Catherine street and Old Town Montreal. The hotel property is surrounded by gardens, water features, and offers a great pool and well equipped gym so it feels almost like a resort in the middle of the city. The concierge offered many good suggestions of moderately priced restaurants in the area that we wouldn't have found without his suggestion.	
Sep 9 2009 	The Hilton made a difference with our stay in Montreal!	We had an excellent time at the Hilton! It was our first time visiting Montreal and the Front Desk (can't remember his name) and the Concierge (Roberto) was friendly, helpful and made a difference with our stay. They made reservations for us , and printed directions to Quebec City for the day. Room Service was fast and not as outrageous as I thought it would be. Some times you can hear people opening and closing their doors in the hall way, but that is the extent of the noise. It didn't realy bother us since we were tired and had no problems sleeping.Our hotel rooms were clean, spacious and newly renovated. The shower head was nice and strong and the beds were super comfortable. It was a very pleasant and enjoyable stay.There was an outdoor heated pool and the life gaurd was kinda cute to look at. ;DIn the morning, there is a timmy's across the street, along with a Mcdonalds, and food court from the VIA rail station.The Hilton is in the heart of downtown Montreal, within walking distance of St. Catherines and Centre street...although it's better to take a $8 taxi ride to centre street if you're in heels. =) I would recommend and stay at the hilton again.	
Sep 6 2009 	Not if you paid me	On a whim of a vacation that quite literally started out with a conversation like? &quot;wanna go somewhere this weekend:&quot; we ended up in Montreal Quebec (and my first trip out of province.) With no credit cards or reservations we decided to go and see what we could come up with; unfortunately this idea landed us at the 'bonaventure'; We were told that there was a convention going on that day; so of course this meant that the our room was right by the convention rooms where the events were still going on; bagpipes at 8:00 at night and all. The room was basic; two queen beds, carpet, TV, a view of the city and a ensuite bathroom. So not worth the price of what we had to pay for the hotel room. When asked if there was anything we could recommend since we were out of town the girl at the front desk said &quot;everyone was out of town; and she didn't have time to discuss trivial matters.&quot; the hotel lobby was dead; what else did she have to do?At one point during the night my fiancee lost his cell phone in the cab; and after playing tag with a few phone companies and his cell phone to try and find it; the cab driver said that he would drop it off for us -- After a trip to the front desk five minutes later we asked the same woman if anyone dropped a cell phone off from outside. She told us no. and we waited for the cab drive outside thinking that we'd see him. After a twenty minute wait my fiancee went back to the front desk and talked to a very sweet man and went &quot;are you sure no one dropped off a cell phone?&quot; he looked behind the desk and said &quot;the only phone we have is this one. It was dropped off 2 minutes before your friend asked.&quot; we were so upset with our stay; that we actually left hotels. since we were only there for two hours we managed to get a full refund. I don't know if we just went on a bad day, or what, but we wouldn't stay again. In fact we stayed at another hotel and they were so disgusted with the service we told them about they gave us a suite at the Bonaventure's price for a basic room.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great choice for Montreal stay	Loved the serenity of the roof top garden. It was lush with foliage and had some seating arrangements along the walk. The large size pool and pool area were lovely. The room was very nice, spacious, newly furnished. The tapas bar and restaurant wasvery good and was opened until 11:30 Saturday night. Apparently the new chef was from Portugal. The hotel is conveniently located. Its downtown and across the street from the Amtrak station.Buffet breakfast was done nicely, good pastries, etc. Small sets of stairs without ramps between various levels of the hotel could be a problem for some people. We would gladly stay here again. .	
Sep 2 2009 	Great stay in heart of Montreal	The Hilton Montreal Bonaventure is a great location in the downtown with quick acceess to the Metro. While the rooms are a bit dated, the property in interesting and clean. The pool is amazing!The concierge was quite knowledgeable and helped us find a great brew pub (Dieu du Ciel), as well as several wonderful restaurants.	
Aug 31 2009	If you don't like noises don't come to this hotel.	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights this past weekend. We were first given a room right by the staircase, so we went and exchanged for another room which again was near another staircase. Lots of noises of people talking on their cell phone late at night and cleaning ladies chatting loud during the day. We just gave up on exchanging for rooms figuring it is probably the same everywhere. We found 2 spiders in our room. There was a spider web in the bathroom. The bed was a bit too soft for our taste and will not work for anyone with back problems. The location is ok. It's right in the downtown financial district. The neighbourhood was pretty dead when we were there. But for the price we paid, it is not bad. We will not go back to this hotel however.	
Aug 27 2009 	Fantastic from Arrival to Departure	Stayed in a luxurious 1 bedroom suite with living room and piano! Can't beat the value for entertaining our friends while in the Montreal area. Staff were friendly and efficient, and very accommodating. Being a hotel manager myself, I tend to be very critical.I found the room to be very clean and well maintained. A great big THANK YOU to the managment for the upgrade, I will definately recommend your hotel to my collegues.	
Aug 10 2009 	A city centre Hilton hotel - you know what to expect	We arrived in Montreal by train, and the hotel is located directly across the road from the rail station. It is also only a couple of minutes walk to the nearest Metro station, and the Hotel is connected directly to the &quot;RES&quot; underground network of metro stations, shops, restaurants, etc. Indeed, we found that getting to our destination across Montreal by this network of tunnels far more interesting that above-ground!Check-in was a straightforward and painless process, and the staff were friendly.The room itself was perfectly standard Hilton fare, although the $15 packet of nuts and $5 bottle of water provided in the room was unsuitable when travelling with young kids (who have not quite grasped the concept of hotel prices). It would have been preferable for these items to be kept in the minibar instead of on the table. The odd dial and button in the bathroom was loose, but otherwise perfectly clean and well-equipped.We didn't sample any food in the hotel over our 4-day stay, preferring instead to explore the city and eat wherever we happened to be when we felt hungry (or, alternatively, at the food court in the underground network just beneath the hotel).The swimming pool was excellent - heated to 30 degress celsius, and perfect for a pre-breakfast or late night dip. It got busy from around 10am, and sunbeds are at a premium so suggest arriving around 9am if you intend to snooze the day away in the sunshine.Would we come back? Well, there was nothing wrong with the hotel, but I do think that we would try another hotel in downtown Montreal if we were to return. It didn't quite seem to have the more relaxed atmosphere of a Radisson, for example.	
Jul 31 2009 	Terrific hotel great location great service	We stayed four nights via Priceline and were really pleased. We had a problem with our first room in that it was either near an elevator shaft or pipes and there was a hum that would wake us up. After stating our problem we were moved to a different room and they comp'd our parking.Yes, the layout is a little strange, but certainly not offputting. The room was very large and nicely furnished, and the reception area, pool, gym, and bar were first rate. We were short walking distance from both downtown and the old city. All of the hotel staff with whom we interacted where courteous and knowledgeable. We would stay here again for sure.	
Jul 29 2009 	The Hotel is Just okay.	First of all,they gave us THE worst room in the place when we checked in, right by the elevator shaft! Immediately went to reception and complained, got a quieter room. The place is a maize, hard to navigate. If you have mobility problems, don't stay here. The room only had 2 glasses. What gives with that? Business center computer is expensive and SLOW. We also were HHonors members, and they did not give us a paper. Staff was a just a bit pretentious IMO. I would rather have stayed in &quot;old&quot; Montreal.	
Jul 25 2009 	So comfortable! But a few problems...	My husband &amp; I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights during the International Jazz Festival. First the good: The beds are extraordinarily comfortable! I did not want to get out of them. The rooms are nicely decorated and modern, as is the foyer &amp; hotel lobby. We truly enjoyed the rooftop pool, which was a warm comfortable temperature, after a long day of sightseeing. I liked having the elevator take us up and away from the activity down below into the quiet lobby of the hotel. The metro is conveniently located below the building (but a long long walk). Now the problems: signage was the first. We had difficulty finding the hotel, even with the address &amp; map, because the sign is on the side of the building. The driveway is easy to miss because there are no signs. Frustrating when you are driving in from out of town during rush hour. When we checked in, we were told we had our choice of the following rooms: a room with 2 double beds, or a room with a queen bed. Upon further inquiry about the queen, we discovered it was actually a queen pull-out sofa located in a suite, where the hotel had already rented the bedroom portion of the suite to someone else!! (I will note here that we did book the room at a very low rate on priceline.com...but that is no excuse for offering a pull-out sofa and calling it a bed!) We chose the double beds, and were very satisfied.Another problem: our room had a grassy weedy area outside the window with junk laying around, mostly what appeared to be unused electrical fixtures. Very ugly and made the view look like something out of a cheap motel (I am posting a picture.) In addition, there was a hallway door that opened out onto the junky area, which allowed anyone who opened it to stand right outside our window, even though we were on the 12th floor! I was actually standing next to the window wearing next to nothing when the door opened, and I quickly drew the curtains, leaving our room in darkness.Since our visit coincided with the jazz festival, a major event in Montreal, we asked the concierge about getting tickets to a particular concert. He looked at the event calendar, then said the event was invitation only so we couldn't go. Not very helpful. Later as we walked around the city, we entered the Hyatt and asked their concierge about the same concert. Even though we said we were not guests at the Hyatt, the concierge was very friendly, made a few calls, drew us a map and showed us exactly where to go. All we had to do was go to the venue of the concert and buy tickets. The Hilton concierge should have been able to figure that out. (The Hyatt concierge also recommended a fabulous restaurant (Restaurant Julien....great food, great service!)).And finally, although the hotel lobby and rooms were elegant and comfortable, the hallways had carpeting that looked 30 years old, was fraying and threadbare in places.Even with these problems, we would stay here again if we got a good rate. I would not pay more than $200/night for this hotel.	
Jul 18 2009 	Almost perfect practically in the clouds serene and peaceful	Hotel is the top two stories of a block-sized downtown office building with a private elevator, with a convention space directly beneath. Lobby's in the middle, rooms are split-level around the perimeter with four courtyards. Two patio bar/restaurants between the rooms and lobby form two courtyards, a spectacular outdoor pool in the third courtyard, and a serene rooftop garden in the fourth. Gardens are plentiful, this is truly a unique space of peace in a busy city. Enter 900 Rue De la Gauchetière Ouest, Montreal, QC, Canada in Google Earth and you'll see the driveway entrance, pool and gardens for yourself. Garage is underground.Waterfalls and fountains are everywhere (even in the pool, which is open year-round with a small indoor entry). Pool was very comfortably warm and did not smell of chlorine, surrounded by lilies, flowers and mature trees.Study any fire exit graphic and you'll quickly get the layout. Yes, you must go up or down a 1/2 flight of very shallow stairs to get to any room, so baby strollers could be a challenge. If you go anywhere in Montreal, you'll climb many stairs and do a lot of walking. Let the porter handle your luggage.Prices in Montreal are high for everything a tourist would want. There are cheap places the locals go to eat, but don't bother unless you're on a tight budget. Or go to Beijing in Chinatown for a very good, affordable meal. Get restaurant recommendations from Chantal at the Concierge desk - she never steered us wrong. Gibby's in Old Montreal, Vertige, nearly everything we ate was really fabulous, with presentation and service (and prices) beyond compare. But avoid Cora's (6-block walk) for breakfast unless you want a dull, comparatively inexpensive but impressive looking meal.I found that the $10/day fee for in-room wired or wireless Internet access generated more than quite a few very casually-dressed folks in the lobby area (which has unlimited free wi-fi). I tried every trick I know to get a free signal in my room; no luck. This may be de rigeur for Montreal, but it looks ridiculous to business travellers (who made a few comments about it in the lobby). Every hotel in any town has free in-room wi-fi, but not this one. I hope they fix this issue.Staff was very courteous and professional, very stylishly dressed, bilingual. Room was completely quiet unless you get a crying baby in the adjoining room.Self-parking was $17/day but no in &amp; out. If you want to use your car, it's $25/day for valet parking to come and go as you like. This is not uncommon for downtown hotels.Bed was very comfortable, with a comforter between two sheets -- very nice. Bring your own pillow if you can -- these are pretty tall.Room was nice, roomy, clean, well-appointed. Nice closet, dresser, TV, electric outlets, bathroom. Every room has a view of a courtyard or the skyline. Mini-bar means there's no refrigerator for you to use. Roomy desk/work area with a nice office chair. Minor maintenance issues, but that seems to be pretty normal for hotels -- you need to tell someone if you want stuff fixed. Fitness center with the usual machines is huge and unused, additional room with yoga mats &amp; pilates, lockers, more.About 6 block walk to Chinatown, 9 blocks to Old Montreal. Metro subway station in the basement, so you could get anywhere in town without a car (subway trains coordinate with bus routes). Train station across the street for out of town travel. Two blocks from freeway exit, but a GPS will come in VERY handy if you wish to drive in this town. Lots of one-way streets, and all the signs are in French. The only printed English we saw was in the hotel and most (not all) of the menus.Local drivers are pretty aggressive for tailgating, yet incredibly courteous for turns. Gridlock is common. Cabs are good for local transportation. You can rent a bike for $5/day from an automated BIXI kiosk nearby (they're all over town) but you might struggle to find an empty slot if you return it late at night or bike with a group.Very nice hotel -- I'd stay here again, but it's pricey ($150/night for conventions, $225 for ordinary folks, plus tax, tips, parking, wi-fi, etc.). Prices are high for everything in this town, but it's beautiful, and the food is off the charts. I'd come back here just for the restaurants nearby.	
Jul 14 2009 	This fussy traveler had an excellent experience!	As the title reads: I'm a fussy traveler. I expect to get what I pay for. I've worked in the hotel and restaurant industry and I expect to receive the same level of service that I myself have delivered. My experience at the Hotel Bonaventure was excellent. From the moment I arrived to the morning I checked out (reluctantly) I found this to be a superior hotel in an excellent location. I never experienced any of the negative items mentioned by the other reviewers. While it is true that there are some steps and the layout is a bit labyrinthine, we had no trouble locating our room or other hotel amenities. The hotel is conveniently located across the street from Gare Central and the Bonaventure Metro Station. My wife and I were delighted to find that we had all of Montreal easily accessible. While I don't want to cast aspersions, the reviewer who said that this hotel was not located near any food was completely mistaken. A large &quot;food court&quot; is located just inside of Gare Central. Now, when I say &quot;food court&quot;, don't think of the fast food blight in a local mall. This food court had a large variety of cuisine and while not a 5-star dining experience it was certainly a great place to have a quick lunch or a bite to eat between meals.My wife and I had an amazing time in Montreal and this hotel was a significant part of our experience. When we return to the city, we will stay at the Bonaventure.	
Jul 14 2009 	Nice Staff	Stayed at Bonaventure. I called before and asked if every room was accessable. I was told it would be fine. But alas, our floor was accessable by four sets of steps. Strange design, rather like a maze.Hotel was well situated and close to many attractions. Used the underground to walk to many places when it rained. Great bakery.Staff was helpful and had valuable suggestions.Executive lounge was o.k. but not fanastic, like the European Hilton executive lounges. Served a few appetizers each night and were varied. Staff were friendly.Pool were always crowded when it wasn't raining and it was always impossible to find a chaise.Would return again.Went to a great steak house named Vargas.	
Jul 14 2009 	Good stay great location	Very good location, I arrived Montreal by train and got to the hotel from underground passage in under 5 min. Nice lobby, comfy bed and wonderful pool. The reception people are a bit distant feeling, but other service staff were great. Only the hallways looks dated. Recommend to walk around the underground area, it leads right to the major shopping stree of St. Catherine, which is great when it's raining out and only takes about 15 min.	
Jul 13 2009 	Very good stay	This is one of those hotels where one would have to search to find anything that was not quite right. The staff was excellent. Very helpful in finding us restaurants, tours, etc. The gardens at the hotel added to the ambiance.Resteraunt was very good...Great omlets...they bring them to your table...you do not have to hover while waiting for it to be finished.The hotel is connected to the underground which in another plus...within walking distance to Old Town. A great stay.	
Jul 12 2009 	I keep coming back	I have stayed in this hotel many times now, both for business and pleasure, and I keep coming back. The hotel is located above Place Bonaventure, accessible from an elevator from the street level, with rooms located on the upper two floors of the building. It is exceptionally convienient to those driving into Montreal from the south and has direct and easy access to both the Montreal subway lines and VIA trains (Canadian rail system); the train station is directly across from the hotel and accessible at the street level or through the Underground. This ready access to transportation in, out, and around Montreal is a key advantage of the hotel. Some folks find the inside of the hotel difficult to navigate, but it's never been a big problem for me. The rooms are mostly on the periphery of the upper two floors of the building and surround a very nice outdoor pool that is heated and isolated from the winds. The pool is even accessbile from inside the hotel, so it is usable in the winter time without exposing more than ones neck and head to the cold. (I was skeptical the first time I did this in winter with snow on the ground around the pool, but it works well.) The rooms I've had were all large, functional, comfortable, quiet, and clean, with good work areas and comfortable beds, but not particularly exciting otherwise. The room I had for my most recent stay (6/09) had some issues. The seal between the layers of the thermopane window had failed, resulting in a window that was full of moisture and didn't provide much view. The tub/shower was a bit worn looking and if you didn't use it early in the morning, the water wasn't very hot. The hotel restaurant has an excellent buffet breakfast. The hotel staff is friendly and helpful. I'm certain I will stay here again.	
Jul 5 2009 	Pricey stairs stairs and more stairs and no hot water water	Stayed at the Hilton Bonaventure. Years ago I ran into Prince Philip in the elevator there. Both previous stays poolside during glorious hot Montreal spring days. I had forgotten that the place is like an Andrew Lloyd Wright maze. After hours walking the City the last thing I wanted to do was climb up and down staircases to find my room so I moved on to Hotel Gouverneur Place Dupuis. Not as much ambience but far more accessilbe / comfortable. They charge $.69 a minute for internet at Hilton. And, the water in the bedroom? Never did get warm enough to have a shower	
Jul 4 2009 	Great Rooftop Pool	Very Nice hotel with great setting, it is like you are in a garden. That being said, the one downfall was the fact that there are stairs everywhere, up 3 down 4 up 5 and with luggage not fun. Very nice atmosphere and handy location .......	
Jun 28 2009 	Stairs everywhere. Place is like a maze. You'd need to be an athletic rat	Pricey. Rooms were lovely if a/c worked which it didn't. Very very pricey.Took forever and a day to get hot water in my shower. Very very pricey. Pool was nice, gardens were nice. Very very pricey. y back is hit or miss at times. There are no elevators to help get between floors and to get to my rom I had to go up and then go down and then go around. Fine if I needed a workout but I didn't. Very very pricey. It gave my luggage a run for its money . Very very pricey. Internet cost $.69 a minute. Very very pricey. I can't imagine wat room serice would cost. Very very pricey. Appeared to have a lot of rich Middle Eastern like folks	
Jun 22 2009 	Pretty good hotel!	I stayed at the hilton Montreal Bonaventure. I can't say that the design of the hotel is great. Kind of a maze actually. Nice grounds considering you're on top of a concrete building. Very nice pool area... Drinks are outrageously priced! A corona will cost you $ 11.25 ! Nice accomodation with one King size bed and a pull out couch. The bathroom could be a bit bigger. Overall: Clean and convinient downtown hotel.	
Jun 21 2009 	Large older hotel with nice renovation and good service	This is a maze of a '60's concrete structure....a super weird floor plan at this place that still confuses and confounds me. but once you start to figure it out you realize that in spite of the large, ungainliness of the place, all of the elements are there: very friendly and professional service, a nice pool and fitness center, convenient/central restaurant and bar and nice, newly renovated guestrooms that are nice and functional.Not a quaint, romantic place, but it does gets the job done fairly nicely.	
Jun 14 2009 	Welcome to the Labyrinth of the Bonaventure...	We had some rather high expectations when we booked the Hilton Bonaventure. Check in was quick and efficient, finding our room took a while since the hotel is quite literally laid out as a labyrinth (turn down this hallway, go down these stairs, walk down this hallway) which is interesting from an archictectural point of view. Walking down the hallway, we saw gardens outside, with little cascading waterfalls and a dining patio. The pool looked a bit smaller than the photos make it seem, but it's not diminutive by any means. The bedroom was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. After setting our stuff down, I decided to take a shower. I walked in an ran the water in the tub; low and behold, the tub water didn't drain. I decided I didn't absolutely need a shower right before we went out for supper, so I washed up in the sink then notified the front desk that our tub drain didn't work; they asked for our room number and said it would be fixed right away. When we got back about 3 hours later, I decided to try again; as they would say in French, &quot;Rien&quot; or nothing. Tub still didn't drain. We phoned the front desk, who said that someone would be there shortly. Once again, &quot;Rien&quot;. The next morning, we called again and the very apologetic front desk attendee asked if we wanted to switch rooms or if we would like to wait an hour until the repairman arrived. I would have preferred if they had offered us a room the night before, but since we were leaving that morning and it was still very early, I said I'd wait for the repairman. An hour later, he called and he said he'd come right away, which he did. He had no trouble fixing our tub drain and quickly left with no mess. I'm not sure what the issue was on the service side of the hotel, but it left a rather poor impression on us. Thankfully, the valet was very helpful and gave us great directions. I wasn't upset with the hotel as much as I could have been, especially if I hadn't gotten a sale price. Had I payed full price, I would have been furious.	
Jun 12 2009 	Solid and Generic	This is a relatively large hotel, but the layout makes it feel very intimate. The location is very convenient to the main train station and the underground (with Metro access), but not to most of the major tourist destinations. There are few options for food within walking distance unless you count the food court of train station which is good for fast food or coffee. The rooms are generic, but comfortable with windows that open. The breakfast buffet in the restaurant is quite good, if it is included in your rate and/or someone else is footing your bill, but i would not pay full price for it.	
Jun 8 2009 	Pleasant but consider the alternatives first	The Hilton Bonaventure is an unusual but pleasant hotel in Montreal’s downtown business district. It sits on two levels, about ten stories high, cryptically spread over several penthouse gardens, ponds and a large outdoor pool. When you arrive, in a narrow and a rather unwelcoming alcove of a foyer at street level, where the signage isn’t exactly clear, there’s an elevator up to the main reception. At this point there are no more elevators; all the rooms spread out on hallways, like wheel spokes, from the central reception and bar. It’s somewhat disorienting but also a refreshing change from the standard downtown skyscrapers. And although it’s all on two split-levels, don’t let that deceive you; this is a 295 room Hilton that can accommodate major conferences at street level and, over the four days I was there, was very, very busy. Built for Expo 67, the architecture and design has the bones of a mid-century modern Wallpaper magazine gem. Unfortunately, those bones have been much modified, in various attempts at updating and modernization, so the feel of the interior spaces are rather charmless and haphazard and often “hotel generic.” My room was a basic king; spacious, clean, very comfortable bed, good LG flat screen, nice working area, reading area, good lighting and roomy closet. No complaints on the layout. The bathroom however was 1967 small, no, 1957 small, the shower a let-down, a half decent hand-held with so-so pressure, but in a little tub with absolutely nowhere to put sundries. However, a well-placed and well-lit shaving mirror was a pleasant thought, given how hard it is to shave in hotel rooms with dim lighting and distant mirrors or desk-level make-up mirrors—in other words, the norm. The hotel sits quite far east, on the border of old Montreal and a few blocks from busy St Catherine’s, so a good spot for tourists, but a bit of a slog if you want to get out of the touristy areas and hang in the more interesting urban neighbourhoods. Staff at all levels were exceptionally pleasant; housekeeping was efficient and always said hello, desk staff helpful, door staff prompt and the concierge desk was always quick, courteous and offered us very nice dining suggestions. The hotel restaurant has a wonderful open deck bordering a pond with a small waterfall and khoi; very appealing on a sunny morning (but no culinary destination; given the diversity and volume of epicurean delights in Montreal, eating here is like penance). I really liked the quiet, relaxing interior open spaces, by the pool and at the restaurant, the interior views of the plants and ponds. But I didn’t like the irritating green blinking light of the smoke alarm, the fact that the blackout blinds were half an inch too short and thus the room was flooded with light at the crack of dawn, the efficient but very noisy AC, the small bathroom, the coarse toilet paper and the fact that you get invoiced for phone calls even if it’s voice mail or a five-ring no answer left call! At this level of service it would have been pleasant to wake up to a newspaper at the door, but no such luck. Although I had a great stay and slept well, given the Hilton online price point—which hovers much higher than many other central hotels—I would be inclined to try another venue next time round.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great outdoor pool	I stayed at the Hilton Bonaventure while attending a conference that was held at the same hotel. I found the hotel to be quite good.The hotel is built above a building but you feel like you're at ground level. It has been quite well architected to create this illusion. The outdoor swimming pool is heated and quite enjoyable even in winter.Hotel conference facilities are good, and wireless internet is available throughout the lobby and meeting areas. Rooms have wired internet that is available for a fee.The hotel is based in downtown Montreal and is close to shopping, cinemas, restaurants, and clubs. The bonaventure train station is below the hotel so you can get to it without exiting the building. Montreal's underground city also passes through this hotel.	
May 30 2009	Great location great staff enjoyable stay.	The location of the hotel was extremely convenient - especially if using the Gare Centrale. Also directly linked to the Metro. The staff were all extremely friendly, helpful and courteous at all times. The food was also extremely well presented and tasted delicious. Try the Nachos! The only negative would be that the room was a little too dark. However, this seems to be common in many hotels.	
May 21 2009 	great stay	I spent nine nights recently and was very pleased in every aspect. The room service was excellent. The staff (especially in the executive breakfast lounge) were professional, efficient and very polite. The room was spacious and well appointed. The fitness room was clean and well equipped. The pool was warm (it was cold out) and very attractive. It did close rather early though. The bar closed VERY early by any standard, especially so for Montreal. The hotel location is perfect for a business or vacation stay. Close to excellent shopping. The meeting rooms were spacious and well ventilated. I did not hear one complaint from anyone at the hotel.	
Apr 13 2009 	Not a 4 Star Hotel	The Good:The linens and bed were nice and the hotel is in an easy location to get around (near the metro and walking distance to old port), but that's about it.The Bad:Horrible views, dated lobby and noisy, musty rooms that were permeated with the smell of chlorine from the pool. If you're going to stay in Montreal, try something else. Don't waste your money here. If you want a hotel of this caliber (3 star), you can get it a lot cheaper elsewhere; if you want a 4 star hotel in Montreal, try something else.	
Mar 30 2009 	Perfect location kind staff	I really had a good time in this hotel. The rooms are clean and big enough. The views weren't good at all, we were facing a dirty-strange park, but it was bright enough. Not a big fan of Hilton Hotels, but would definetly go back to this one! Perfect location, right next to Place Bonaventure. Good subway connections too. Friendly staff. Perfect for a couple of nights!	
Mar 22 2009 	good for couples or business travel	My husband and I just came back from a weekend away in Montreal where we stayed here. The room was nice and clean. The bed was super comfy and there were 5 pillows to choose from in our King room, unfortunately none of them were to my husbands liking resulting in a sore kneck. The room was a nice size, spacious with a high ceiling. There were hardly any drawers to unpack our clothes, which was a hasle. The bathroom was clean and a fair size, but their was no fan (I keep staying at hotels with no fans in the bathrooms and I don't understand why???). I really liked the rooftop pool, but wouldn't recommend it for young children. The shallowest part is 4.5&quot;. We opted out of eating at the hotel restaurant because of the price and because of all the other options. This hotel is very central to everything (Bell Centre, shopping, dining, and a short distance to the casino and BioDome). I would stay here again if it was just my husband and I, but would choose another hotel if we brought our daughter. FYI- this hotel does not have it's own parking lot. You have to pay to park underground. Be prepared to give your keys to an attendent because they let in more cars then they have spots, which means cars have to park in front of other cars and then have to be moved by the attendent whenever the other car has to get out.	
Mar 22 2009 	Average 5-star hotel.	I stayed there one night, with 7 other friends for my 16th birthday.The hotel is located on the top floors of the building wich in pretty unsual. The lobby is not you will usually see in hotel hotels. The outside pool is one of the highlights. It probably is one of the best in Montreal. The souther Side however offer a very bad view. (highways, train lines, etc.).Overall, very nice hotel. Very reasonable price for what if offers.	
Feb 19 2009 	Hated this hotel	We stayed in this hotel during our honeymoon in Montreal. When we visited Montreal the heat was unreal. It was 34 degrees celsius everyday. We decided to cool down with a drink by the pool. It was quite busy at the poolside, the one waitress was running around serving drinks. We understood that she was busy and sat patiently waiting for the drinks menu to be brought over. We waited 25 mins before she even came near us with the menu. This waitress then went on her break, and the only other waiter there was too busy cleaning the bar to notice anyone around him. We sat another 15 minutes before we gave up waiting and went to the bar to get the drinks. When we got to the bar, the waiter looked up from his cleaning and said, There's no more food orders today. We said we wanted drinks but he continued to clean the bar. After a couple more minutes my husband and I were too angry to wait any further. We went to reception to make a complaint. We explained we were on our honeymoon and that the severe lack of service had put a downer on things. We didn't even get an apology from the management. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to my worst enemy!	
Jan 18 2009 	Give Montreal a chance-Look elswhere...	As a frequent visitor to Montreal, this review is based on comparisons to other downtown hotels. The location of Bonaventure is great for the location to Old Port, Downtown and China Town. Self Park below hotel at $17.00 is reasonable. The low rating I have given this hotel is the room itself. When this hotel was built in 1967 for the Expo, a small sized &quot;shoe-box&quot; shaped room was probably OK. I have read that airlines move seats together to accomodate more passengers -so it is that walls in this hotel were compacted to squeeze in more guests.The Newly renovated decor: Just horrific! Tan on bland, with maroon and &quot;gray matter&quot; chenille. An Ergonomic chair that gave my son nightmares. I think Hannibal Lector may have actually designed this chair (see photos on website). Business type furnishings were much to large and unappealing for the size of the room. Wires showing behind every piece of furniture, blue and white behind the desk, a jumble of black wires behind the TV.Internet $10:00 per day!!Sheets were nice and new, but not tucked in. So everything came loose...Bathroom was about the size of what you might expect on a cruise ship.Inroom coffee at $2.75 per (pod) cup, no complimentary coffee anywhere in the morning. Small window, with horse blanket type coverings, that it was very dark all day.Pool was interesting and deep- over 6 feet in most parts. The pool attendents were a bit unfriendly. I actually have never given a review so low. The two points I gave were for the staff, who all seemed OK.Montreal is such an historic and beautiful city, please be advised to check out other hotels.	
Nov 28 2008 	Newly renovated downtown hotel with attractive courtyard garden	I base my rating for this property partly on the great rate we got it for (about 100 USD). Had I paid 300+ for this hotel as some have, the minor irritations we encountered would have been likely magnified in my view. Location:This hotel is in downtown Montreal and easily connected to the underground city. The actual rooms are on the highest floors of an ugly office building and so you first enter a small foyer area with an elevator that then takes you to the actual hotel lobby on the top floor. I did not like walking around this area of Montreal at night. Very dead and almost ominous. I don’t consider this an ideal location for Montreal, but certainly convenient enough.Lobby and public areas:The hotel layout is quite atypical, with something approaching a courtyard garden w/pool around which many rooms are situated. The plants and foliage in the garden were delightful and it was pleasant to walk about in the public areas of the hotel with a view of this garden. The lobby general seating areas were also decorated nicely and pleasant to be in. I found the variety of artwork in the public areas quite interesting. My only complaint was that the hallway carpets in pretty much any part of the hotel were dismayingly filthy, to the point of distraction. Perhaps these were not renovated yet. But in addition to all the permanent staining and wear, no end of food, trays, towels, and messes would show up in the hallways constantly. The staff didn’t seem to care at all about attending to hallways. Rooms and bathrooms:The room we stayed in was clean, newly renovated with very nice furnishings but an odd shape. We did have a nice flat screen TV but the oddly-shaped long corner courtyard room given to us resulted in the TV being at quite a distance from the bed (none of the tripadvisor photos posted by other travelers reflect the odd L-shaped room we had). In general all the furniture placement was very strange in this room, with the bed in an &quot;alcove&quot; and the desk, dresser and TV awkwardly fitted closer to the other portion of the L-shape. The room had all standard modern amenities. The bed was extremely comfortable, with very nice comforters. Bathrooms were extremely nice - with high quality material used for renovations. Our room was facing the edge of the garden but all light was blocked – partly because the plants covered most of the window area and also because the part of the window not covered would have resulted in the folks at the pool area having full view of us in the room. Altogether I wish we had been given a different room location (preferably NOT facing the courtyard) – but they were sold out by the time we checked in. In fact, we had requested two beds, and I was irritated when we were given a room with a single queen. We had to live with a rollaway they provided.Internet:It was disappointing that no free internet was provided.	
Nov 12 2008 	Id go back	The place is buried in a downtown building you would never know it was there but once you find it you will be happy you did. Maybe they could do with a bigger sign? Your downtown so you will be paying for your parking if you drove, its underground.Once your settled its quite nice the hallways are a bit long and tunneling and the maid staff leave an awful lot of &quot;stuff&quot; laying around.Check in staff, doormen, and the information desk are very friendly and informative they have maps of the city and can suggest many places to visit, shop and dine.The highlight of this place is the rooftop outdoor experience you would never know you were downtown once you sit back and enjoy the sunshine as you have breakfast on the outdoor patio with the stream filled with fish running along the side. The heated outdoor pool is also unique and very refreshing well laid out with lounge chairs and pool bar. Great for an afternoon of sun.If your considering this place get something with meal coupons you will save yourself some money. If your eating breakfast at the buffet and you see waffles or pancakes get them don't wait for your next plate at the buffet they go fast.For a downtown hotel I was disapointed they didn't have wireless internet running through the building.	
Oct 26 2008 	Smart downtown hotel	I stayed at this location for a conference in early October, 2008. Location of the hotel is great, right in the centre of Montreal downtown and I found it very convenient to be able to get to the Station via the underground city without going outside as it was raining when I left.The building is really ugly and the layout is bad with a long walk to get everywhere.However, those are the negatives, on the plus side the accommodation was great. The room was furnished to a high standard there's not much of a view to speak of as it's a low-rise hotel but the facilities within the hotel were good including the pool and gym. Staff were friendly and helpful.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great stay at the Hilton Bonaventure	We arrived by train from Quebec. The Hilton Bonaventure is directly situated outside the Train station. However, with the wonderful underground network available in Montreal, we could have remained in the station and arrived at the Hilton Bonaventure. At the time we arrived, strike action was beginning in many hotels at this time in Ontario. However, we were not affected by this strike. The staff and management in the Restaurant were excellent and in any Hilton we have stayed, we have come to realise that it is standard treatment . One to be highly recommended. Well done! The manners and etiquette are to be commended. The variety at breakfast was excellent and probably the best we have encountered anywhere. Would we stay here again, Yes! Old town Montreal is very interesting. Restaurants are really good and Italian food in particular is really good. The pool on the rooftop of the hotel provided a haven from the busy city everyday. Would definitely recommend this Hotel.	
Sep 16 2008 	Excellent Service	We received excellent service from everyone at this Hilton. However the layout is bizarre and the room was just okay. Location was good 20 minute walk to old Montreal, 15 min walk to Ste Catharine, on a metro stop and across from the train station. If you get a deal, worth the stay, but for $300/night I'd try something else.	
Sep 1 2008 	FANTASTIC	The hotel is beautiful! I loved that the lobby is on the 13th floor. The location of the hotel is near all the shops that line rue Sainte-Catherine. It's about a 15 minute walk to China Town and Old Montreal, and a 35 minute walk to the gay village.This hotel is perfect!	
Sep 1 2008 	Stayed here yearly for over 20 years	My wife and I have stayed here every year for 20 years at different times of the year (Jan,Sept,Oct &amp; June)We love June because the Botanical Gardens are in full bloom.The hotel was renovated a few years ago and is very nice and comfortable .The rooms are large fitting 2 queen beds and chair and desk .Bathroom is average size.Room has a flat screen tv ,mini bar(expensive never use)and if you get the garden view ,which I think is the nicest is very relaxing .The hotel has a very nice restaurant ,superb food (when it's open ,which it hasn't the last 3 years out of 4 that we went)Nevertheless there are enough great restaurants in Montreal .I have never had a bad meal in 20 years .Two favorites &quot;Bonaparte &amp; Europea&quot; the latter we discovered this year and ranks the finest restaurant we have ever eaten at in Montreal, Now the negatives ,parking is very expensive $24 cnd plus about 16% tax .This is valet parking so expect to shell out $4-$6 in tips everytime you need your car .Don't ever try to save the $7 by parking yourself ,you'll never find your car in that labrinth.The Canadian dollar was at par with US $ when we went ,and something new .You can't claim your Federal tax credit at the border ,IT&quot;S GONE THIS YEAR. Over the years we have had very good exchange rates as high as $1.49 CND against $1 US .Thats changed and although I was able to snag a $137 CND room this June .They have too many kakamani events in this town that for some reason that I can't understand draws big crowds here to this hotel ,that their rates run anywhere from $195-$295 CND +16% tax.The hotel is very convenient to Place Villa Marie and underground shopping across the street .Also is less than 10mins to St Catherine St downtown. We have stayed here so many times that my wife wants to stay whenever we can .I have stayed at Best Western and the now Gouvernes (not sure I spelt that right ,it's across the street on University St with the revolving dining room.One other thing ,people dress up in Montreal and certainly at the Bonaventure ,so if you don't want to stand out ,don't wear jeans or shorts to dinner .A sports coat without tie is fine ,women know how to dress to dinner (no suggestions there)	
Aug 31 2008 	Mildly dated but comfortable clean and very good service	Our experiences matched very closely those of other (positive) reviewers. The structure is unusual, with hotel rooms ringing a central pool (which was delightful), and mildly dated. However, the rooms have been renovated and are very comfortable. The memorable feature of our stay was the feeling that the staff really went out of their way to be helpful, including letting us check in well before noon, and allowing us to stay past 1 pm the next day. We'd be happy to return ...	
Aug 24 2008 	Enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Montreal Bonaventure	The hotel is in the heart of downtown Montreal, Canada. The staff was very warm and provided exceptional service. I believe the property was originally condo units which were bought by private investors and converted to a Hilton. They did a very nice job reconditioning the property. The guest rooms were very comfortable and the heated pool and the landscaped garden provided for a very relaxing environment. We happened to be in Montreal during the 2008 Jazz Festival and it was awesome! I would highly recommend visiting Montreal for the festival and encourage visitors to stay at the Hilton Bonaventure if you have the opportunity. Please see pictures we took of the property. My only complaint would have been with the toilet in our bathroom which ran continuously.	
Aug 15 2008 	Simply Amazing!	I've always wanted to stay here; attracted by the photos of the rooftop gardens. The Hilton Bonaventure did not disappoint. Our room was a luxurious retreat as we watched the fireworks in the evening sky on the last evening of our honeymoon. Fortunately, we got a good price ($126 CDN). Great location for shopping, dining, just walking around.The mid-century modernist architecture, with rooftop fountains, streams, and trees was fascinating. We're still trying to figure out how they can have such tall trees there. Simply amazing.The manager (Christine) and frontdesk were very accomodating and pleasant. Also, the full breakfast there was incomparable,	
Aug 12 2008 	Nice hotel especially the pool	As most of the other reviews have mentioned, this is quite a unique hotel as it is on the top three floors of one of the ugliest 1960's concrete office blocks you'll ever see, but the hotel is great once you get past the initial shock of the exterior. The location is great as it is right over the road from the main train station and walking distance to the shops and restuarants.The rooms were a good size and were very clean. The roof garden and swimming pool are amazing - I'd love to go back in the middle of winter to try the heated outdoor pool when there is several feet of snow all around!The bar was lovely and we had a snack one evening that was also very nice - although you pay Hilton prices for the food and drink.Overall, a great hotel that I'd visit again.	
Aug 3 2008	Great Value for moneuy	This hotel has a great location as its directly above the underground Metro. All the sites/boroughs are easily accessible from the location. Also the &quot;underground city&quot; with cafes, shops and restaurants is nearby. My TV had a terrible connection but I wasnt there to watch TV. A great stay and value for money.	
Aug 1 2008 	Unique Hilton Property	Excellent hotel perched on an office building. Wonderful pool for children, large rooms, and excellent service. One of hilton's more unique hotels.	
Aug 1 2008 	RELAXATION PLUS AT THE BONAVENTURE	We stayed at Bonaventure twice in July - the second time because we couldn't wait to go back there - The gardens are relaxing and enchanting - the rooftop are is drawn down from the mountains to the North - therefore is very clear- and filled with positive energy - The art work is noteworthy - there are many enticing sitting areas - With the upgrade to the executive level - the lounge access makes it very easy to not want to leave the hotel - The breakfast in the lounge is small - but excellent - the pastries are made by the pastry chef and are definetly worth eating too many of - Fresh squeezed orange juice and fresh fruit salad are eye- openers.The pool is of a generous size and the waterfall apparatus there affords a relaxing sound - even the music around the hotel is inoffensive - and somehow relaxing - The view from room 2107 was great with a city skyline and an old cathedral both in sight - Can't wait to go back!	
Jul 25 2008 	Worth Every Penny	My friend and I booked this hotel through travelzoo since we got an amazing deal- $150 incl. tax for a room with 2 queen beds. We were a little skeptical of the hotel- especially since we rolled up to the hotel and it looked a little run down. As we entered we found out that the Hilton had an entire level- and the subway station is below the building- which is very, very convenient. Our room was very clean, very modern, and to our surprise- looked exactly like the pictures on the hotel website. The location of the hotel couldn't be any better, it is located 2-3 blocks away from rue catherine, where all the action is, and if you hop onto the subway- just 2 or 3 stops away from Old Montreal. Staff was friendly -no issues with them. Overall- a wonderful stay.	
Jul 11 2008 	Above the hustle-bustle	Located on the top 2 floors of Place Bonaventure, it is also above a Metro station and across the street from the VIA rail station with access to the amazing Underground to extends throughout much of downtown. Yet the green courtyards are cozy oases above the traffic below. With rooms arranged around the perimeter of the building and the reception/dining areas in the core the hotel uses only two levels for all the rooms.Front desk staff are very friendly and check-in went smoothly. Room was available at 2pm so no need to check bags. Rooms are large, clean, comfortable and quiet. There are no vending machines for when the gift shop is closed; instead you are directed to the mini-bar in your room (and there's no bargains there, of course).The location is good being blocks from Bell Centre (hockey arena), to SW and 1/2 mi to Place d'Armes and Notre Dame basilica to NE. McGill Univ. is about 1/2 mi to NW.	
Jul 10 2008 	Excellent oasis in the city	Wonderful quality hotel. The garden and pool are a great escape from the city below. The room was clean, comfortable and tastefully renovated - very modern yet so comfy. The staff was very helpful and the location of the hotel is perfect for every sight in Montreal.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great business class hotel	I`ve stayed at the Hilton once before and this was just as satisfactory. It`s a typical business class hotel and I really enjoyed the swimming pool when I was there on a hot sunny weekend. Also worthy of an applause is the spacious gym with new Precor machines and very new cardio machines each with their own TV and audio.	
Jul 8 2008 	Nice Stay...	My husband and I went to Montreal for business as well as a quick romantic getaway. Well, the hotel was nice... The set up just as everyone said is very interesting. I didn't personally like the set up, I mean on Saturday morning when waiting to go to the main floor, we had to wait for a second round with the elevators because there were so many people trying to get on the elevator. They need to definitely work to improve that. The room was GREAT!! We stayed in one of the renovated rooms, the housekeeping did a great job at keeping our room nice every day. We did order room service one day after a night at the Montreal Jazz Fest, and the food was really good.. very filling.. The staff was nice, especially at the Concierge desk, always extremely helpful. We went during a great weekend, because the Jazz Festival and a Carribean parade were going on, so it made for great fun. The hotel is very close to all the shopping on St Catherines, the Underground City shopping is ok. It was a bit too stuffy for us, I guess since it is summer. The pool area was nice, and very chic. We went into Old Montreal and had some great eats, and the cab was only about $8. The next day we went back for breakfast in Old Montreal and walked, and it was a brief 15 min walk. All in all, it was a great, romantic stay..	
Jul 1 2008 	Strange layout.	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights for a conference. As other reviewers have stated, the hotel is oddly configured. It is on the top 3 floors of an office building. When you get out of the elevator, you are staring down a hallway of rooms, and have to make a right to get to the lobby. If you follow the signs for the pool, you may end up walking around the entire perimeter of the hotel. Sometimes, it is faster to cut through the lobby, but I guess they want to keep soggy guests from dripping through the reception area. The hotel is not very kid friendly. The lifeguard during the afternoons was a little &quot;crabby&quot; to say the least, running out of the sign in area (yes, you have to sign in and out when entering the pool area) whenever a child even raised his/her voice, reminding us every few minutes to keep the kids on one side of the rope, etc. He was sort of standing at the edge of the pool and staring at one father whose young child was screaming a bit, until the poor guy got out of the pool with his other kids and left. It was a little weird. You do get towels when you sign in, so at least there is no need to bring them from the room. Housekeeping is very nice, and responds quickly if you need extra towels. However, on the last night there was some kind of party going on, and they never brought coffee for the coffee maker, which I had requested. I was told this was not housekeeping, and the minibar lady would bring it, but she never came. The underground city and the Metro are right under the hotel, it can be a little confusing, but we figured it out. Also, be warned that many people outside the hotel speak limited, if any, English. One of the reasons we went to Montreal was because my daughter is in an international school and wanted to practice her French. I speak a little, but mostly I had to depend on her to translate. It was pathetic. The buffet breakfast is overpriced, $20 for adults, $10 for children. The 2 kids hardly ate anything, cheerios, toast, definitely not $10 worth. You can get Pizza Hut delivered to your room through room service (limited menu), and there are the underground food places, Subway, etc. Also, you HAVE to pay for parking, and cannot leave your car in front to unload luggage and check in. If you need a luggage cart, the bell staff have to take your luggage. My husband had a large tote bag with his binoculars on top (we had stopped at Niagara falls on the way to Montreal) which he gave to the bellman, and after we got home we realized that we no longer had the binoculars. Incidentally, he forgot to tip the bellman at the door of the hotel before he went to park the car. I tipped the man who brought the luggage to the room, but it was a different person. I didn't know my husband had put his binoculars on top of the tote bag, so I didn't realize anything was missing. We don't know for sure, maybe they fell out somewhere, but I think the moral is (as I told my husband), Don't forget to tip at the Hilton Bonaventure! Overall, it was an OK hotel, but I don't think I would stay there again. We stayed there only because the conference was there.	
Jun 28 2008 	Great Beds! Important info about parking!	Loved the penthouse style of the hotel, gardens are gorgeous. Ignore peoples complaints about the concrete walls, its not as bad as it sounds! I think it was an artistic choice, some people like it, some dont. The lack of elevators once inside the hotel isn't an issue that bothered me as its not much of walk to any of the rooms. The entrance to the hotel via elevator from place bonaventure has a great upmarket feel to it. The reception staff were very friendly and efficient and we were offered concierge service. The room itself was wonderful, amazingly comfortable bed! Spacious room and nicely laid out. We avoided the mini-bar although it was very well stocked. Fiji water bottle $7! Ice machines can require a little hunting despite signs- dont be afraid to go behind closed doors! Short walk to St. Catherine and Crecent st. Now here is a warning about the parking! Fairly good value especially when compared to surrounding hotels. However, be warned, the ceilings are very low and a mass of pipes covers them bringing the the height limit to 6ft! We drove a truck in and as we went down each level the radio antenna scraped the ceiling. Very tense decent but once parked it is a very safe, standard garage. Pictures attached- doesnt quite do it justice!Overall great hotel, would stay there again and again.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great hotel	I liked staying in this hotel a lot. I booked it through priceline for a ridiculously low price. The location is very convenient - it's right across the street from the main train station and subway. It is in the business district, so don't expect any neighborhood conveniences and liveliness on the streets after 6 p.m. The building - huge office/exhibition center of which the hotel occupies the top two floors is probably the ugliest I've ever seen. The interior design is also 1960's vintage with exposed concrete and wooden panels, but looks classier.The hotel staff was very professional, the room was large, clean, comfortable and well-designed. Free Wi-Fi internet works only in the lobby. For wired internet in the room you have to pay extra. There is an outdoor pool in the courtyard on the roof. Restaurant serves overpriced breakfast, but you can always get decent bacon and eggs for $5 from one of the eateries inside the train station.	
Jun 7 2008 	Nice hotel	My boyfriend and I visit Montreal often and decided to try the Hilton. It is a really nice hotel, but not spectacular.I liked the location the best. If you wanted to go shopping then you didn't need to go outside to get to the mall (very convenient in the Winter!). I also liked swimming in the heated outdoor pool surrounded by snow- a nice touch! The room was nice- I liked how we had a flat screen TV. The bathroom was also nice. Everything in the room was obviously recently updated.Only had a couple of negatives- our mini-fridge did not work so we had them replace it since we wanted to keep some food in our room. Also there was construction going on, but we did not hear this. We only found this out when we followed the signs to the pool from our room and realized (with another few people) that the signs did not actually lead to the pool, but to the construction which ends with a dead end so you need to turn around and go back. Also the drinks in the lobby were REALLY good, but they were a little expensive.Overall I really liked this hotel, and the deal we got for the two nights we stayed was really worth it. I would recommend staying here.	
May 11 2008 	Consistent positive experience throughout serveral stays	The Hilton Montreal Bonaventure is a penthouse-style hotel, occupying the last 3 flours of an office/retail building (Place Bonaventure).Over the last few months, the hotel has been undergoing moderate renovations to rooms and common areas. Although some people prefer to avoid hotels while they are undergoing repairs, the staff at the hotel was great as far as taking steps to minimize inconveniences (noise/disruptions) and was proactive in their communications on this subject - so if you are considering this property, don't let this be an issue.The heated rooftop pool is probably one of the main attraction of this hotel. I would say that this hotel has mainly a business feel, but would also be suitable for tourists looking for a great location (although there may be plenty of more affordable alternatives).The hotel has a small but modern gym (some equipment now featuring small TVs). Room size is moderate and as far as decor is concerned I had one of the newer room during my last stay so i would quote it as being modern and somewhat stylish - although nothing too extravagant.Front desk staff is quite helpful - so are the executive lounge staff. The lounge itself is fine, albeit quite small.The hotel is easily accessible from the Via Rail train station (accross the street/access via underground if raining) so it is walking distance to Old Montreal, shopping and major businesses.Food at Le Crastillon is very good, with above average service	
Mar 19 2008 	Nice Hotel	Nice hotel, not stellar, but nice. Layout was a little strange....there are short landings to get you from floor to floor (no elevator) and the lobby is on the top floor (there is an elevator from the street to this). The room was fine and the pool was nice. It certainly is not the nicest Hilton I've stayed at (aestetically), but we had a positive experience there.	
Mar 18 2008 	Proposed to my fiance at this hotel.....	I stayed here for two nights in July 07' and proposed to my fiance here. We go to Montreal frequently. The hotel is beautiful and prestigious, with a gorgeous courtyard - makes you feel like you're not in the city. Great pool scene on the roof. The rooms were very nice. My problem was that the concierge service ruined my proposal. They left a note which gave it away!! I trusted them with this info to get the room ready (flowers, champagne, etc $$$!), I walk into the room (they did a great job!) but there's this note about how I can't light candles (which I planned to) because it goes against fire code regulations and having the fire dept. show up would ruin my proposal! I mean, all they had to do was leave a note saying no candles. To mention the proposal was a very moronic idea since my fiance and I read it together. I called about this and they offered me a free night's stay. Anyways, great hotel, not sure all the light bulbs are on with the staff - of course, who knows what happened with that particular concierge. If you have never been to Montreal, I do recommend the hotel for it's overall location, service and beauty - my experience was ruined just because of this one idiot move. If you are in Montreal, you must do these things:-have a smoked meat sandwhich at Schwart's on St. Laurent Blvd.-have a steak at Moishe's, Gibby's or La Queue de Cheval-visit the casino-visit the Notre Dame Basicalla (amazing, beautiful)-visit the waterfront during the day and take a river cruise that serves breakfast (book ahead)I try and avoid La Ronde - it's not a great amusement park, but the Monster is a great rollercoaster.	
Mar 17 2008 	Great downtown hotel	My wife and I spent the weekend at this hotel on one of their specials. It is still being renovated, although this should not be apparent. Room was very nice, the bed and bedding was superior. I love to courtyard aspect to this rooftop hotel, als the swimming pool is a unique experience. This is probaly my 10th stay at this hotel since 1977, I have had some issues with the front desk in the past, none on this visit. The hotel is connected to the underground city which is perfect for those inclined to go shopping. We went to the hockey game without having to go outside.Highly recommended.	
Jan 23 2008 	Nice hotel; Concierge a little slow	The good: Hotel was impeccably clean, and the decor in the renovated rooms is fantastic. Hallways are &quot;eh&quot; but the rest of it is good. Pool was beautiful and really neat although it should have been about 10 degrees warmer. I would stay here again for sure as the location was great, too. Very easy to find, easy to get to things if it weren't so freakin cold (See my comments about the concierge below). La Source toiletries are fabulous!The negative: Front Desk. We booked the reservation about 3 weeks in advance and upon arrival, were surprised to learn that the hotel had switched our 2 bed room to a King bed room. Their response seesawed between &quot;sorry, we ran out of those rooms&quot; and &quot;well you booked it as a king.&quot; Nevermind the fact that we had called to confirm this 3 times the week before - so be VERY careful. Luckily, I was holding the printed piece of paper that confirmed what I said, so they had to give us a room with 2 beds, even after calling me a liar. This is usually when you get upgraded to executive floor for free (or, I don't know - an apology) but that didn't happen to us. Oh well. It worked out.Concierge - Chantal seemed friendly, but failed to mention that when she tells a guest something is &quot;just 2 blocks away&quot; she means via the underground. I was more than a little ticked after walking a mile (by 2 blocks, she meant 8) in what I consider a blizzard and walking into a classy restaurant looking like a yeti. I'm not ignorant, I knew there was an underground city, but to obviously first time tourists, this kind of thing bears at least a vague reference to the fact that you don't have to go outside in the monster snowstorm. You'd think she would have mentioned that once, especially when I said &quot;I guess we should take a cab in this snow&quot; and she said &quot;oh no, its a short walk.&quot;Nickeling and Diming: Even Motel 6 gives you free in-room coffee. Seriously. And you can get wireless internet at the Holiday Inn Express and at every rest stop in VT but not at this hotel.Construction noise. Nothing like a saw at 6 AM to say &quot;hello, that's why this fabulous room was only $160 a night.&quot;	
Jan 10 2008 	Run-down and unwelcoming - Not recommended	I stayed in this hotel in Jan 2008 and can only recommend for people to stay away from this hotel. This is probably the most run-down Hilton I've ever been to, terrible concrete facade outside and on the inside not much better. They are undergoing renovations on the top floor, so there's constant noise and moving. The interior of the room leaves more to be desired, makes an impressoin of 1970-ish interior in dire need of an upgrade/ renovations. In terms of cleanliness it is not bad, but they are prettty scrungy even on the complimentary shampoo, etc. I noticed that if there was anythilng left - they don't replenish but expect you to re-use it I suppose. I have asked for extra tea for the room - never got it. The lounge is also under renovations and they don't give out any coupons to compensate for it being closed. They are also not accomodating with any gues coupons, bieng extremely cheap. Oh, and about the pool - it is nice, but also very outdated and is not what you would expect from a Hotel of this level. I've been to Monreal a number of times and love the city, and this is by far my worst experience in any hotel here. Even the Delta is a better choice than the Hilton. Stay away is my best advise...	
Jan 1 2008 	Mediocre hotel	I had a mediocre NYE stay at the Hilton. The hotel/decor is a little dated and the exposed concrete did not give the hotel a welcoming atmosphere. I got a 2-double bed room on the same floor as reception (which is on the top floor of the hotel). I expected a flat screen TV as I saw on the hotel pics, but it turned out to be a regular TV. Hilton beds are always good, but again, the decor is a little old. Bathroom was on the small size and I had a small leak in the shower.However, I got a great rate from Hotwire for NYE wknd ($140s), so I shouldn't complain.The concierge was amazingly nice and gave great recommendations and was really patient.I would probably check out another hotel in Montreal before staying here again.	
Dec 17 2007 	Great Hotel a bit on the old side though	Only stayed for one night to go out in Montreal.Stayed in an executive room, the room was great. Bathroom a bit on the small side though.Hotel pool is fantastic, outside swimming in -37 degrees that night, that was quite amazing.Hotel staff is very friendly and efficient.The only thing I was disappointed with was the executive lounge, which was a bit odd, but the food was good, was weird to have to pay for alcoholic drinks... usually at Hilton Executive lounges they don't charge you...	
Dec 2 2007 	Nice experience overall no problems	Other than the gift shop being a little pricey ($10.49 for a 16-pill bottle of ibuprofin), I enjoyed my limited business-related stay here.The food was interesting, having eaten at the bar restaurant and the main restaurant. The main restaurant offered an excellent multi-course meal. The bar restaurant was lower priced, offering a nice atmosphere and good food offerings.The hotel is over a walkway with shops, including a regional coffee shop and a Starbucks.Everyone was polite and helpful. The room accommodations were nice overall.	
Nov 15 2007 	LOVED IT!	I got a good deal on bonjourquebec.com. It worked out to be just under $200/night, but between 3 ppl it wasn't bad. The room was very large and the bed was one of the most comfortable I ever slept in! The pool was awesome... nice size and lots of lounge chairs surrounding it. Our room happened to be on the lower level, so it backed out right on to the garden and the pool was just steps away. I felt like I was in Florida - not in the middle of a busy city. The idea of putting a hotel on a rooftop and connecting it to the sous-terrain was a great one indeed.	
Sep 12 2007	Adequate but not fantastic	The hotel in centrally located but is a bit run down. You check in on the top floor - very unusual. The halls are dark but the staff is friendly and helpful and the room was large.	
Aug 24 2007 	Too Pricey for what it can offer	We stayed here last Aug 20 &amp; 21st. The location was great. It was close to Rue St. Catherine where there are lots of shops and restaurants. The rooms are clean but the hallway to the rooms is not that impressive. To get to our rooms, we had to take the stairs which we would not have mind if we did not travel with 2 kids on strollers. Ramps were nowhere to be found en route to the rooms. The ice machines were broken. We thought the only ice machine that wasn't working was the one closest to us but when we walked further to the other ice machine, it was broken too. In fact it was already displaced from it's section, maybe in an attempt to fix it. There were no signs on the machine saying it's out of order or where can we find another one that's working. When we approached the front desk they knew exactly where to get ice as if they already knew that a couple of them were not working. In addition to that, we already tried getting ice from those machines earlier that day and ended up going to the front desk to ask for ice. By the next day or later that night, they were still not working. I have to say the staff are nice though, very helpful, and courteous.The day we checked out we got the bill for the 2 rooms we got and ended up paying $670.00 for 2 nights. We thought that was a lot considering we were there on the weekday and supposedly those were discounted rate. There were about 10 to 15 lines on the bill that said taxes. But I guess that's just Canada...lots of taxes. Oh how can I forget the parking. You would think you'll get free parking if you're a hotel guest or at least get a discounted price for being a guest. NOT! For self park you have to pay $17.00 (for 24 hours) across the street and you can't go in and out. To use the Hotel valet, that will cost you $24.00 for 24 hrs but at least you can go in and out. And of course you have to tip them too. In the long run it is better to use the valet if you are going to be driving your car a lot and going back and forth to your hotel.	
Aug 11 2007 	Highly Recommended	The Hilton Bonaventure is an very nice hotel in a great location that is currently being renovated and will be even nicer when completed in 2008. We requested a renovated room (some have already been completed), but ended staying in a non-renovated room because the only newer one available was in the smoking section. Although the room we stayed in was slated for remodeling I was surprised to a find a very nice room that, while the furnishings were a little worn, was by no means shabby at all. The beds were extremely comfortable and room well kept and clean. Some have mentioned or complained that there are steps to get to your rooms, but unless you have a disability it really is a non-issue. The steps in question total about 6 and are of the low and long variety (think patio steps) and there are ramps to help people with their luggage. I was disappointed that the exercise room was being remodeled (due to reopen in September 2007) and the temporary workout room was not even worth visiting. However, from the looks of the drawings the new room will be outstanding. The pool area is very nice and, since there was a hot spell while there, somewhat crowded. Special mention should be made to the staff who from doorman to the front desk and everyone in between was as nice and helpful as can be. Especially Julien, the concierge, who couldn't have been better. The Bonaventure's location interesting because it's on top of an office building. Once inside the elevator in few seconds you're inside the hotel. Being so high up you do get the feeling of being in a little oasis out of the hustle and bustle of Montreal. Although you are directly connected to the &quot;underground city&quot; it is on the edge so it's a bit of walk to get to middle of the action, but you are right on top of a subway line. As mentioned before, the entire hotel is due for a revamp with completion by mid-2008 and from the drawings the hotel will be very, very nice. That said, I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Bonaventure again and recommend it highly.	
Aug 5 2007 	Great hotel as long as room not on busy street	Returned for another 4 nights - after 5 nights last week. Early check-in resulted in getting room on busy University St. which turned out quite noisy. After restless night, front desk took care of move to quieter room facing the garden for the rest of the stay. Otherwise this is great hotel, and spent two afternoons by the very nice pool.	
Aug 3 2007 	A unique hotel well located in Montreal	Staying on top of the Bonaventure convention facility seems a little strange, but the garden setting is peaceful and serene in the midst of bustling Montreal. Other reviewers mentioned the steps involved to get to rooms. We were in the executive area and there are few steps and they are easy to walk, even with luggage. We enjoyed our continental breakfasts and evening refreshments in the executive lounge area. It is well staffed and convienent. The Bonaventure Hilton's location is tops for touring the historic district, waterfront area, as well as underground shops and restaurants.	
Jul 26 2007 	Fine Location for a stay in Montreal	I had a great time in Montreal! The hotel was a plus...not a huge plus but definitely not a negative. It is in a fine location with an easy walk to Old Montreal or Downtown shopping or McGill University. The taxis in Montreal are plentiful and inexpensive so going further was no problem. I would rather stay in a small boutique hotel with some charm. The Bonaventure is not that at all. It does have a unique design; the gardens and swimming pool on the roof. The gardens are designed for intimate conversation. I am surprised by the review that dings the bellmen. They were the friendliest group I've ever met: Really interested and talkative. I sat in the lobby working on the wireless internet and I noticed one bellman readily engage people in conversation about where to go and how to get there. The whole lobby staff were professional and friendly. The only demur I have is that the room I had was a real hike from the lobby. Also the hotel has only one lobby which you must go through.	
Jul 26 2007	Great choice all 'round!	At the last minute we decided to visit Montreal for the first time. After reading many hotel reviews on this site, we were unable to secure two beds (apparently not an easy feat in high season on a whim!) at a few hotels higher on our list, so called the Hilton Bonaventure directly. We have had overall good experiences at Hilton previously, and we were not disappointed.Initially we booked two nights, and then added on a third. Due to a delayed flight we arrived into the hotel close to 1:00 AM, asked for a quiet room and were assigned 3402. It was indeed quiet, had terrific beds, and was nicely appointed. Shortly after 2:00 AM an alarm sounded, an announcement was made declaring a report was being investigated. This was repeated for about three minutes before we were given an all clear message. It may just have been something like a person smoking in a non-smoking room; we never heard. This was a first in our hotel experiences but decided we would rather be alarmed than not, and what better way to inform the masses.There is absolutely nothing negative to say about this property. Every single staff member with whom we interacted, whether by phone or in person, was courteous, friendly, helpful and efficient. It turns out that our room was part of a two-story suite that was booked on our third night, so we were asked to move next door to 3404. It was effortless. Another quiet, lovely room with terrific beds!We did not use the gym or the pool, but the outdoor heated pool looked fabulous and we would definitely try that next time. We ordered room service breakfast on our last morning and while it can be an expensive venture, the food and service were good and we were willing to pay for the convenience. Directly across the street is the underground shopping mall/train station where absolutely everything you could ever possibly need or want is located. Many food outlets are there as well as a pharmacy, shoe shine station, shops galore, you name it. In fact, most everything is quite close to the hotel.The consierge desk was always staffed with courteous and knowledgeable individuals who were quite helpful in suggesting how best to see Montreal in just a few days. Plenty of brochures available there as well.The first day we chose the 3-hour Gray Line city tour to acclimiate us to the area. We had a terrific driver, John, and thoroughly enjoyed this experience. He recommended the sound and light show at Notre Dame Basillica, which we viewed the next night. Definitely an interesting experience. He also spoke of Gibby's, a wonderful restaurant in Old Montreal with quite a bit of history. We splurged on that fine dining experience and were not disappointed. Reservations are recommended, dress is casual, service is excellent and food is terrific. One can order anything from vegetarian to fish, chicken and meat and prices range from about $35-40 on up, depending. This includes salad, bread and two sides.Another reviewer mentioned Eggspectations restaurant for breakfast which we tried. Good food, and plenty of it, good service and good prices too. Breakfast is served all day and lunch too until 3:00 PM.A reviewer mentioned the elevator situation at the Hilton. This was NOT a problem. We were advised that the lobby is actually on the 15th floor, and all rooms are just steps away from the lobby, making an elevator unnessary. We would agree. From the street there are approximately ten steps to the elevator, and there is one button only to push (lobby). We found this to be far more expedient than standing around waiting for elevators to hit every floor before reaching us. Our room was reachable in about two minutes taking 30 shallow steps and walking down two corridors. Definitely not a problem unless one is impaired or is carrying too much luggage for comfort. While the lobby and corridors appear a tad shabby, there is a huge sign in the lobby announcing that millions are being spent in complete renovations, including all bedrooms, to be finished in spring 2008. Both of our rooms appeared to have new decor.The locals complained of the heat and humidity which is not normal for them. We did find it hot, but we are used to hot in Texas. It is a terrific city with lots to see and do, good food and lots of shopping too. Our Hilton experience was wonderful and we thoroughly enjoyed our short stay in Montreal. The people of this city are definitely its best asset!	
Jul 25 2007	A Fantastic Place to Stay	Being my very first time to Montreal, I did not know what to expect? Especially with our accomadations? I was very impressed with the Hilton Bonaventure. They treated us very, VERY WELL. I know that you can't please everyone but they did their very best on making sure that we were well taken care of. My husband was out there on a business trip and I went along for a vacation of my own (expensed out of our own pockets of course). However, I found the staff extremely friendly and the hotel was very clean. I even chatted with the maids, the doormen, etc... Everyone was so helpful. The service and the smiles I had received from the staff had made our stay that much more pleasurable. We had even found the Bartender's in the Lounge had a great sense of humour and were very friendly to talk to. I would recommend staying there to anyone who travels to Montreal and would love a touch of elegance added to their stay. Another thing I had found is that it is so close to everything. I loved the fact that the Underground shopping was just across the street and that walking to Old Montreal was only 20 minutes away. However I would also recommend you wear very COMFORTABLE SHOES for walking. I just love Montreal. The prices on clothing and shoes is Fantastic too!!! Now that I am home again in Vancouver, B.C., I find myself daydreaming of the day that I will be able to return to Montreal and stay again in the Hilton Bonaventure. Thank you to all the staff for making my trip to Montreal a very memorable one. Merci' from The Benoit's	
Jul 21 2007	Wierd Hilton	We stayed here because of its location reletive to the Bell Centre. The hotel is very convinientlly located and is conected directly to reso (very good in Feb.) The hotel is outdated, there is no elevators to rooms, and they heat the outdoor pool in Feb. The valets were helpfull, but skip the bellmen they were rude and franklly useless. I dealt with 3 or more of them and I kept geting sent to the front desk or doorman for information. This dispite a $15. tip for carrying 2 bags. If location is no issue for you hiltons other hotel, the Doubletree is WAY better fro the money.	
Jul 18 2007 	Fantastic hotel!	This is a great hotel. From the moment we arrived, service was outstanding. We were greeted at the entrance by friendly staff and the front desk staff was great as well. Our room was very clean and modern. The plasma TV was a nice touch, and we actually enjoyed relaxing in the room because of the great layout and furnishings. The bathroom was nice with plenty of counterspace and nice Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries. We paid a little bit more for a room on the &quot;executive floor&quot;- it was only $20 extra which included free internet, breakfast and afternoon snacks. Well worth the extra cost. The free breakfast was nice. Charming presentation, and very nice staff who even gave us tips on what sites to see that day. The evening snacks/drinks were nice as well, but be warned, you are charged for the drinks. We were under the impression that it was complemantary so were shocked when we got a bill for our two glasses of wine. It was OK, since the wine was good, but was still a bit of a surprise (they had a sign on the bar but we did not notice it). The desk staff was extremely nice (in fact, everyone we encountered in Montreal was very, very nice!) and was helpful with directions and restaurant recommendations. When we exchanged currency they took that extra step to explain each piece of currency.The hotel is located in the business district downtown, and is walking distance to Old Montreal. The Hotel is on the top floor of an office building and is conveniently linked to the underground and the metro station. There is a nice pool and a little river that flows through a rooftop garden complete with ducks and fish. It was nice to look out the window and see ducks float by!I would highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Jul 8 2007 	Great Hotel Worth the Hotwire Price	We booked this hotel through Hotwire, and just completed our stay between 7/4 and 7/7/2007. Our room was on the first floor, and yes, it's true -- there are no elevators between the floors on which rooms located (there is an elevator from the main entrance on street level to the lobby; the hotel is located on the upper levels of the Place Bonaventure office/shopping plaza -- but the way that the hotel is landscaped, with lots of trees and gardens and even a duck pond, it doesn't at all feel like it is in the middle of downtown Montreal or on top of an office building). Our room was decently-sized with a walk-in closet. Although the bathroom was a bit small, it was beautifully done in marble tile. Overall, the hotel and our room was very clean. Although the high-speed internet cost 9.95$ in the hotel room, there was free wireless high-speed internet access in the lobby areas.The staff was also very helpful and friendly -- the concierge was especially helpful with restaurant reservations, directions, and even sold discount tickets to the Jardin Botanique/Insectarium/Biodome/Stade Olympique.But the best part of the hotel was its location -- it is a three-minute walk (underground, no less) to the Bonaventure Metro station, which is also on the main Orange line. It is a ten-minute walk (underground or above ground) to Vieux Montreal, and a five minute walk to downtown Montreal's shopping district. It is also a two-minute walk to the Quebec tourist information office, as well as to the central train station underneath the Fairmont, which is also where the airport bus drops off. All in all, we could not have been happier with the service, cleanliness, and location of the hotel. It was a good deal on Hotwire, too!	
Jun 5 2007 	It's no HIlton	This is not what I was expecting from the Hilton. When I arrived to check-in, the line was long and it took at least 30 minutes to complete this process. It was then that I experience the crazy layout of this hotel. There is no elevator once you get to the lobby! I had to haul my bags and suitcases up the stairs myself. On the first day I received a note that the phones would be out for a period of time and they recommended using the pay phone in the lobby. Then on the second day the air conditioning died. The staff didn't really want to help. I asked for some directions and was sent no where close to my destination. You can find nicer hotels at a better price. That's what I did. I checked out and found a new hotel.But they do have some nice rooftop gardens and pool. Just go in and check it out; then stay somewhere else.	
May 29 2007 	Strange?	I've just returned from a weeks stay at this hotel, the strangest Hilton I've ever stayed in.After arriving in at just after midnight on a Sunday we struggled to find anybody motivated enough to help us with our baggage. Check in was fine but it was a a shock to find that the bar was closed and that room service stopped at midnight.The room was above average and the bed was the comfiest that we have ever slept in, quite a high accolade considering that we spend at least 26 weeks of the year in hotels.The executive lounge is small but well run and serves a complimentary cold buffet breakfast. We were especially well looked after by Guy and Paul.There is an outdoor swimming pool (heated) and a slightly tired gym room.All in all it was an okay stay but it was just a very, very odd hotel. It's lay out is strange, the atmosphere is strange, the bar is uninspiring and uninviting and for a Hilton, the public areas were a little shabby. On the up side, it's ideally placed for sightseeing and shopping with both the downtown shopping areas and Old Montreal being within walking distance either above ground or in the underground pathway system and THE COMFIEST BED EVER!!!	
May 10 2007 	Beware NO elevators!	There are no elevators and the staff doesn't tell you. I had to drag my bags upstairs and then downstairs. There were no bellmans available when we arrived. It was horrible for $100US per night. When I asked for a closer room, I was given a downgraded room. I've never stayed at a 4 star hotel without elevators and no bellmen. Also, the drain in the bathtub was very slow. You end up showering in 4 inches of water.	
Apr 1 2007 	Loved it	Been here on Business trip, got a corporate rate and worth every buckof it (well I didnt have to pay for it) location was convient, had access to metro station, bus station (which was definatly a plus for me) food was good and loved the heated pool. The rooms very clean, spacious and comfy, room service was good as well. The only thing I did not like was the TV Cable, it only had around 20 channels and the weather channel was snowy and could not make it out, I ended being soaked that day after not knowing what the weather would be like in the afternoon. Overall I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a nice and clean and convient place to stay if you do not mind the extra dollars.	
Apr 1 2007	About what you would expect	I booked this hotel through Hotwire and got it for $75 per night, excluding taxes. For this price, it was an outstanding stay. Especially since they charge you for everything such as internet ($9.95 CND), and parking ($24 CND). However, the Hilton Montreal Bonaventure is also a &quot;legacy hotel&quot; where you know everything will be in place. The staff is quite nice, the service very good, and the condition of the hotel average to nice. The rooms are early 1990's vintage, but nicely preserved. The hotel has only two floors but is widely spread out. So, overall, it is a solid 4 star hotel. Some of the cons include it being tough to get to as you have to take an elevator to the 9th or 10th floor to visit check in. Also, there it may take a while to get to your hotel room since it is the size of a city block. The decor is ugly concrete from the 1960's or 1970's. The pros include the metro stop underneath the hotel, as well as oversized rooms and a comfy bed. It's got the feel of a business hotel more than anything else.	
Mar 30 2007 	Great hotel	My sister and I stayed at the Hilton in December for 6 days, just before Christmas. My sister had to be there on business, so I tagged along to do some last minute Christmas shopping. I was a little leary of staying here after having read some reviews. I had no choice in hotel as it was booked by my sister's company.But all those fears were unfounded! Yes the hotel is on the upper floors of an office building, but you certainly don't get that sense when you are in the hotel. The actual interior of the lobby, bar area is a little dated, but is clean, inviting and the staff very friendly and helpful. We were directed to our room on a second level...there was no elevator, but it was no big deal. There were a few wide steps to go up to our floor and I did note that they had a ramp for wheelchairs. Our bags were brought to our room in a timely fashion, so we didn't even have to contend with bringing them up the few stairs. Now the hallways of the rooms could be renovated, but that may be in the works as the one end of rooms were being renovated, and I understand are the other rooms. Despite this going on (about 6 to 8 rooms away from ours), we heard nothing! Our room was beautiful...it had just been renovated and was very modern and beautifully decorated. The beds were extremely comfortable, the bathroom spacious and the room itself large. The bar area was quiet and comfortable...we had several nightcaps over the length of our stay. The hotel itself was quiet ...there were Christmas parties going on in several ballrooms, but they were not bothersome in the least. It was absolutely great having the underground city access right there and after figuring out how to access it, you didn't need to see the light of day at all while shopping! All in all, we had a wonderful stay...everyone was great from the reception staff, the bar staff to the valet's out front.	
Feb 22 2007 	Hard to believe you are on top of a building	We stayed at the Hilton while visiting our son who goes to school at McGill. We didn't want to go outside and it was important for us to be attached to the underground path system. After reading that the hotel was on top of a building, I was sure it would be cold and office-like. On the contrary, it was warm and surprisingly, the landscaping was beautiful. They have a complete garden with full sized trees that wraps around the hotel. The garden was planned to be attractive in the snow, too, and so, although we were on top of a building, we had a lovely woodland scene outside our window. The pool is open year round. Getting into the hotel driveway is quite tricky. We drove around the block a couple of times before we figured it out. It's a very sharp turn right at the corner. There is a small elevator lobby and then a full hotel lobby at the top of the elevator. We found the valet, concierge, and registration desk staff to be helpful and polite. Many have commented on the 1970s architecture, and it's true that the walls of the public areas are that weird formed cement popular in public buildings 40 years ago. Everything else we saw was updated, with fresh fabric and wood finishes. We stayed in an executive level room, which gave us access to the concierge lounge. Our room was tastefully decorated in deep wood tones with new carpet and granite tops on the bar and bathroom. The desk is cleverly designed so it can pull out to use as a table for meals or pushed in a bit when used as a desk. (We took a picture of it so we can get one in our next house) We did find the hotel a bit noisy in the morning but that might have been because there were a lot of children staying there for a dance competition. We like staying in boutique hotels in the Old City because we like to walk a lot but this was a good compromise for a cold winter weekend. We walked for miles in the path system with only light sweaters on, and even went to a neighbouring hotel for drinks.	
Dec 27 2006 	Loved it!!!! (from Brooklyn NY)	I was a bit nervous after reading prior reviews...I got this hotel via Priceline so I didn't have a choice of where to stay (I input that I wanted a 4star hotel at $70/night). After reading the reviews, I called the hotel to request a room on the same level as an elevator. The staff was very accommodating - I was placed on the 2nd floor, the service elevator stopped there. The room was fabulous!!!! The king size bed could have fit 3 people. It was sooooo comfortable and had plenty of pillows and ta super long neck roll. The clock radio had the plug to hook into an MP3 player (unfortunately I didn't bring mine, but this is a great feature that many hotels don't have). The flat panel TV was also very nice.The bathroom was absolutely gorgeous. The shower is very spacious with a great handheld spray that can go from spray to pulsate. The shower also has a folding seat -- I didn't use it, but it's great for the elderly or trying to shave your legs, etc.The icing on the cake was that I didn't have to go outside at all! After I figured out how to use the underground passages, it was wonderful...plenty of eateries (restaturants as well as fast food... there was even a Cinnabon which I absolutely love!!!) and shopping...I never put on a coat!I didn't try room service or the mini bar...a bit too pricey for me.I will definitely recommend this hotel and plan to stay here again!!! These rooms go for well over $100 a night so I really got a fabulous deal!	
Dec 14 2006 	Hilton Quality as usual	The Hilton Bonaventure was a good place to stay in Montreal. Although the hotel itself is a bit confusing, as it is on top of an office building. The layout is on 2 floors, and there are some stairs between floors (no elevator, but maybe 5-10 low stairs). The location is great and it connects to all of the underground halls to the mall, train station, etc. We were in an executive room (I think b/c I am a Silver hilton honors member) and it was spacious with 2 queen beds and a nice bath. The hotel is not brand new, but it is well maintained, adn the staff is friendly and speaks english for us Americans.	
Nov 15 2006	A bit aged but professional and well located	Everything about this hotel was fine. It is a typical, better-than-averagely run downtown Hilton property. I went there for a few days on business and ended up liking it a lot.	
Nov 6 2006 	This place was OK	My wife and I drove to Montreal with another couple from Niagara falls after getting a good quote over the phone, the layout is a bit strange as when you walk in the front entrance that didn't look like a hotel you need to take an elevator upto the lobby, I heard the place was originally for olympic athletes and then turned into a hotel! this probably explains the layout. We checked into what we thought would be identical rooms as we paid the same price, no, ours was pretty small compared to the room my friend was given. The outdoor pool was good. The hotel is in a pretty good location and looked clean, I would try a different hotel next time though. Concierge were helpful and got us tickets to see the Canadiens play, although we all got nose bleeds!!	
Oct 9 2006 	Be warned - No elevators!!!!	Stayed here for a weekend getaway in August - me and 3 kids. Check-in fine, but then we tried to go to our room. Despite seeing me check in with 2 small children and a baby in a stroller, I was booked in a room as far away from the entrance as possible and up as many flights of stairs as possible. The hotel is set on 2-3 floors, all connected by short flights of stairs - there were 6 flights of stairs to get to our room and no elevator! After I complained, they directed me through a back hallway to a service elevator, that meant that I &quot;only&quot; had to take the stroller up 3 flights of stairs. Rooms OK - not updated except for bathroom, filthy carpet - not what you'd expect at a Hilton - there are much nicer rooms for the same price in Montreal.Would have been OK if not for the fact that we could not get to our room without dragging a stroller upstairs. They really ought to warn you about this on their website.Definitely avoid this place if you have a stroller, if you are at all physically disabled or you do not want to walk LONG distances.	
Sep 26 2006	Quiet rooms	This hotel is situated in an excellent, safe location in downtown Montreal. It is near the train station and is within walking distance to most tourist attractions. The metro is conveniently located in the basement.Our rooms were quiet, clean, and comfortable; however, one of our &quot;non-smoking&quot; rooms smelled like an ash tray (apparently this a frequent occurrence at the Hilton Montreal Bonaventure according to previous reviews).The carpeting is very worn (with cigarette holes in it). We were afraid to lay our clothing on the bed comforters as they appeared old (decades?) and dingy. All the furnishings are dated. Our bed was very comfortable and we got a great nights sleep.The best thing about this hotel is that it was quiet.The sheets were fresh and didn't reek of bleach. The bathroom was clean with typical (low) hotel water pressure. The free in-room coffee was excellent. We had an awesome view and the windows opened for fresh air!The individual climate control worked great and wasn't noisy.It is difficult to locate the hotel due to minimal signage. The lobby is hard-to-find because you have to take an elevator to the top floor to check-in; however, there is no signage indicating this fact. It is also difficult navigating your way back to the hotel from the metro due to lack of signage.Staff was friendly for the most part, if not a bit pretentious.We recommend eating at &quot;The Keg&quot; in Old Montreal. We had a corner &quot;window seat&quot; overlooking historic St. Paul Street which was very romantic. The food was amazing. We also recommend &quot;Plein Jus&quot; juice available at the IGA store in Complex des Jardins.Avoid the &quot;light show&quot; at Notre Dame as it's a total tourist trap. It is mostly a cheesy &quot;film&quot; and not really a &quot;light&quot; show. I would rate this a 3-star hotel at best.	
Sep 21 2006 	Good at the right price	We stayed in 2 rooms in this property on the Labor day weekend. I found the earlier reviews to be fairly accurate. This is a nice, clean hotel with a good location and efficient staff. The concierge is helpful though she can be really busy during weekends (she was the only one at the concierge desk throughout our 3 days of stay). The Reception staff was corteous and helpful. The pool was small but satisfactory.	
Aug 15 2006 	A great conference hotel	My husband and I just returned from a conference in Montreal. It was our first visit to the city and we loved it. The Bonaventure was in a great location, very close to the Metro station and close enough to walk to the conference site (by Old Montreal). What was charming was the layout of the hotel - all rooms on 2-3 floors, no elevator rides after you arrived at the lobby. The hotel was smaller and quieter than the other hotels suggested by the conference organizers. Rooms were large and clean. The service and front desk staff were terrific, especially Chantal, the concierge on duty for most of the week.	
Jul 23 2006 	Good hotel if the price is right	My husband and I (age 30) stayed 3 nights for a very good price through priceline at 60% off advertised price. I would rate as 3.5 out of 5. The rooms were comfortable, large, clean, and outdated. I would return to this hotel for one reason- the pool!! Exceptionally nice...not for small children as goes 4-6ft very quickly.Staff helpful.	
Jul 11 2006 	Not the greatest.	While my experience wasn't devistating, this isn't the best hotel by any means and not what I expect from the Hilton name. The Delta is next door and looks like a superior hotel.Although this Hilton is at the top of a high building, the hotel itself only has 2 floors which means a limited number of rooms during busy times. I had a non-smoking room reserved. With no mention at the desk, I checked in, walked to my room to find it was a smoking room. I called the front desk to inquire about this descrepancy and was told the hotel was full that night and there were no non-smoking rooms available. Reading through the reviews, this seems to have happened to a number of people before. I suppose its a rather common occurence.The hotel is dated and retains its original look from decades gone by with exposed concrete walls in the hallway, though an update includes the hallway ashtrays being filled in with concrete. The doors to the rooms look original complete with the faux wood veneer.All this being said, the staff was very friendly. The doorman at the front graciously allowed me to leave my car for a couple of hours. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was great with its marble tiling througout.	
Jul 9 2006	Very nice quiet hotel with a great pool	My husband, myself and our daughter stayed at the Bonaventure for 2 nights this week. We self parked our car ($17 a day) and had no trouble finding the reception desk. They were very friendly and helpful. W e were 1/2 an hour early so we had to wait while they prepared our room. We requested a non-smoking room with 2 beds with a city view if possible. We got a non-smoking room with a king bed (which was fine) overlooking the garden. They seemed quite full when we were there. The room was a decent size, had a nice garden view, the bathroom was large and well appointed, the bed was very comfortable, the room was clean. The decor seemed very nice in the hotel and the room. We saw they were stripping 2 rooms bare and updating them with paint, carpet, fixtures, vanities etc. The room was very quiet even though we were on the lowest floor of rooms we heard nothing above or around us. The bellmen, front desk staff, concierge etc., were very professional and ready to help us on a few occasions with maps, directions, recommendations on places to eat etc. We didn't eat in the restaurants there since they are fairly pricey. We all loved the pool. It is heated and we swam both nights for almost an hour. They provide free pool towels and lockers. The only things that could have been improved on were fuzzy t.v. pictures and the mini bar fridge didn't seem to get too cold (we couldn't find a temperature guage to adjust it ourselves). The hotel is about a 10 or so minute walk to Old Montreal. We were very pleased overall and would stay there again.	
May 22 2006	Exceptional Honeymoon Stay	My wife and I spent 4 days at the Bonaventure and it was EXCEPTIONAL. It had been years since we had been in Montreal and we were not disappointed. From the moment we arrived, we were greeeted by the professional and dapper Doorperson, the Front Desk staff were extremely friendly and equally conversant in French as they were in English (I'm bilingual but my wife is not) and the Bell and Concierge services were quick and knowlegeable. It's all about service and the Bonaventure certainly has high standards. Our suite, and you must try one on your next visit, was simply breathtaking. Marble foyer, two bathrooms (my wife was happy to have her own), premium bedding and we are still talking about how comfortable their pillows were, a dining room to comfortably seat 6 and my favourite -- a wide-screen tv in the livingroom. The decor is rich and classic and we felt like royalty - the way you should feel on your honeymoon. The food in the restaurant is scrumptious and you must eat there at least once while you are there. We had the pleasure of accessing Club Bonaventure for the morning continental breakfast and the selection of fresh baked goods, fresh fruit, cereals, juices, etc. was delicious and the staff member serving us (I believe his name was Guy) was outstanding. We will definitely be back to this service-oriented, classy hotel in the near future.	
May 13 2006 	Sterling was the Star but OH those stairs!	I don't know what all the fuss is about. This was a clean, QUIET, well located hotel with good food available if you choose hotel food. The doorman, Sterling, was delightful and most helpful with directions and advice of all types. The stairs could be a problem for anyone with any disabilty. Room linens and products were above average. Staff was attentive. My priorities are cleanliness, quiet, well maintained rooms and this hotel fulfilled all three.	
Apr 16 2006	How much are you paying	For me, this place is simply about how much you pay. If you get yourself a priceline or hotwire deal for $70-90, then I'd say go for it. It's tough to find a hotel of a half decent quality in Montreal for that price. BUT, if you are paying anything more than that, there are much nicer hotels in Montreal. Simply put. The hotel is in a good location (walk to everything), the rooms were clean and minimal, the pool is nice, and I thought the staff was friendly enough.However, I have stayed in only one other Hilton, and the difference was like comparing the Econo Lodge with the Four Seasons. The Bonaventure wasn't even in the same league and it seemed to me like it was two different hotel chains. Enjoy.	
Mar 2 2006	Despite other's negative reviews always satisfied with the Bonaventure	I must rise in defense of the Hotel Bonaventure. Let me preface these comments by saying that we are regular visitors to this wonderful city and in our childless years often stayed at the Ritz Carlton on Sherbrooke because it was supposed to encapsulate the essence of Montreal. The onset of children called for a change of venue (no pearls before the swine) and it was at that time in our lives that the Hilton with its idyllic rooftop swimming pool became our Montreal hotel of choice. Yes, people (others, not me) were swimming this weekend. You change clothes in a small area off the pool and then swim through a short passageway to the outdoors. I have been assured that, with the water temp at 100 degrees, it is all quite comfy. No first hand knowledge but my sources are reliable.The first selling point for the Hilton, ease of access. We drive to Montreal from the U.S. and the expressway over the St. Lawrence River (Autoroute 10) drops us almost on the door step of the Bonaventure...where valet parking is always on hand. Self park is also available in the same underground garage. Perhaps it's the vicissitudes of advancing years but I'm just so happy to be rid of the car that I'll gladly fork over the dough for valet parking and head to our room.When the children could make their own way to the pool and club room, the fact that the hotel and reception, as well as the entire facility, is located seven stories up in the air on the top of an office complex was...from a security point of view...very reassuring. Also, if you get a outside room, the views of the city at night are terrific. The prospects from the garden view rooms looking out on the ornamental pools surrounded with shrubbery and occupied mallard ducks bobbing for food are also quite pleasant in a sort of zen-like way.Now, that the children are off at college and the swimming pool is no longer relevant, we continue to patronize the Hilton. But then, with two kids in college we probably couldn't afford to return to the RitzThis hotel is perfect for visiting Montreal if, like us, you are willing to forgo taxis and travel by Metro. What we lose on valet parking , we make up by only occasionally taking taxis. The Metro and underground Montreal are readily accessible from inside the hotel/office building complex without the necessity of braving Montreal's winter weather...-20 degrees wind chill this weekend. No Metro access at the Ritz...but that may be intentional!This is our 10th or 11th stay at this hotel in just the past 3 years and with our gold Hilton Honors card we do get access to the club lounge which is small and modest, in both its scale and offerings, compared with some other Hiltons. Again, that would not be our reason to stay at this hotel. We have had an occasional upgrade to an executive floor room, which are no higher floor (there are only two levels in the hotel) just further removed from the activity surrounding the lobby, pool, dining and reception areas. My personal experience is that there is difference, but not excessive, between the executive rooms and the standard room. The distinction lies essentially in where the rooms are situated.Having read the reviews complaining about 60's decor, this weekend as we walked through the lobby, I asked my wife if she thought the lobby furnishings seemed &quot;dated&quot;. Her answer was in the affirmative. My opinion: &quot;prosaic&quot; perhaps but not &quot;dated&quot;. Honestly, I really don't spend much time sitting in the lobbies of hotels...except at the Manoir Richelieu in eastern Quebec..where I could spend hours with a book and a coffee looking out at the St. Lawrence River. If we are in Montreal we are either sleeping or out on the town...no long lobby visits...there is just too much to see and do.The beds are comfortable and my wife remarked that the linens have recently improved...no more polyester. Pillows are still pretty hard though but maybe that's a european thing. The rooms are comfortably furnished with a deep, soft, arm chair and foot stool, writing desk and - contrary to some reviews - I must say that, in my experience, they have always been clean. The bathrooms are spotless...although THAT may not have always been the case. I believe that a number of the rooms have been refurbished...so perhaps some of the problems complained of have been rectified.Regarding food and food service: who eats hotel food in Montreal? Cruise St. Denis Street between Sherbrooke and Mount Royal, where you will find meals the equal of any of the top &quot;foodie&quot; destinations on the planet. And when you're stuffed to the gills, waddle to the the nearest Metro station and the train will punctually and conveniently drop you at the door step of your hotel.One minor difficulty. Apparently, there was construction taking place on the upper floors of the office building under the hotel and, off in the distance, we could occasionally hear what sounded like a like a high speed hand drill . One night, however, it seemed like there was a jackhammer beavering away right underneath our room. One call to the front desk and they &quot;sicced&quot; the security people on the construction workers. Peace and serenity followed shortly thereafter.So, back to the beginning: the top three reasons for staying at the Hilton Bonaventure: Location, Location, Location. Now, it should be noted that the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth is right across the street sharing the same Metro stop . Unquestionably, the QE is a higher grade hotel but, then again, there is a significant price differential. Hilton is not chic, nor romantic nor - hosting as it does numerous conventions, parties and weddings - cozy. Just a good hotel with good price at a good location in a great city. We like it and will return.N.B. I do not throw bouquets gratuitously, ie. read my review from last summer.of our stay at the Toronto Hilton.	
Jan 15 2006 	Worst Hotel Ever!!!!	I have to agree with the majority concerning this hotel....it was horrendous! I had originally checked in for 3 days but checked out after the first night. Right from the start the staff was horrible, rude, and weren't experienced by any standard. I think if I stayed at an Econo Lodge I would've found better service and quality! I've stayed at hotels across every major continent and almost 95% of those were either 4/5 star, but this hotel was no where close to being a four star. The carpet was stained in several places, the sheets had holes in it, the decor was tired/overused/dingy and best of all the TV didn't work. Since I came back from my meeting late at night, I didn't discover the problem till late. After calling I was told that no one was available till the morning. The decor of the hotel is very worn and hotel breadspreads were something I figured they have had to have used for at least 5 years now. I complained to the staff politely the next morning but found that they didn't care to rectify the situation. I dont recommend this hotel to anyone and definitely not waste your money in this questionable establishment.	
Dec 26 2005	Not great but not bad	We stayed overnight for a night away from the kids while visiting in-laws. We had a room with a king sized bed--room was pretty plain and bare. No frills there! But it was clean. On two separate occasions I had two different housekeepers let themselves in the room while we were present. Not good! The view from the room was of what I assume were the gardens but it was all snow and the room is below the ground level, so half of the view was below gardens themselves (meaning, no view at all). The front desk staff was very helpful with directions and recommendations for shopping and dining. Common areas were nice and clean--nicer than the rooms. This is definitely NOT a four star hotel, but through Priceline, we got a decent price nonetheless.	
Nov 16 2005	Good enough	Nothing special about this hotel at first appearance but this is where service makes all the difference. All of the staff are not only friendly but anxious to please.Do beware, however, if using the Executive Lounge. Drinks will run you C$6.50 plus tax and you are expected to tip on top of that (self-serve, honor bar -- the attendants will bring you some canapes and count your cocktails).	
Nov 8 2005	Great Convenient Hotel	Excellent hotel, with a great friendly staff. Next to the train station and within waking distance to most of the attractions in Montreal and I am not employed by Hilton. Room was clean and up to date. The pool, though outdoors and in October was very nice with entrance from the indoors.	
Oct 12 2005	I felt like I was in a poorly decorated bomb shelter...	I would only recommend you stay at this hotel if you need a heated pool on a rooftop garden, in almost total isolation (it seems) from the city below. The rooms/hallways are dark and dank, very 60's, clean, but really drab. I wouldn't pay more than $50 to stay here again and even then, I'd try to get out of it. They tried to charge me twice for the expensive internet access (the Holiday Inn I moved to the next time had it for FREE and it was wireless!). I found nothing appealing about this place. Worst of all, is the hike through an empty, strange convention center corridor to get to the little vestibule to get in the elevator to go up to the lobby (entering from the Metro side). If you drive up to the hotel, its a bit better on that side...but still goofy. GOOFY, thats a good word to describe this place. Just avoid it. PS, I did enjoy the neutrogena soaps and Crabtree and Evlyn stuff.....but that cannot be a real reason to return. Can someone explain to me why they put so many little steps up and down in this hotel? Made pulling your suitcase seem like hiking. I better stop...this place just ain't right.	
Sep 26 2005 	This hotel is an just unmitigated disaster	Anyone writing a good review for this hotel must be employed by Hilton. It was the worst hotel experience ever. When we entered our &quot;non-smoking&quot; room it was just full of smoke. The reception admitted that &quot;it was technically a smoking room, but they believed it was adequate for us&quot;. To summarize: Rude staff, bad food, dated rooms and terrible surroundings.	
Sep 16 2005	Good value through priceline	Ok place to stay, pretty lobby, excellent value through priceline, no views to speak of, pool is different..outside heated open all year, no hot tub, nice bar, valet parking service is excellent.	
Sep 13 2005	needs to be rubbed out and started again	This place is so dated it should be pulled down and rebuilt. It is so 60's/70's in style. The concrete structure is laid bare for all to see inside the hotel and gives it a distinctly strange feeling. I could not deal with this nor the fact that the first 20 odd floors were office space. We stayed here in October 2004 on priceline - the price was good but I did not think the hotel merited 4 stars! Some of the staff were down right rude - this is the first hotel in all my years of travelling where I was refused (by a very aggresive french speaking waitress) a glass of milk to take to my room when retiring for the evening after having a couple of drinks in the bar. It was nothing to do with the fact that our french was poor - she was just rude. The room was grubby and tired and most distressing of all, for a female traveller, the door safety chain could eaily be undone from the outside. This meant a room change after some initial disbelief of the problem and then an attitude of well what's the problem anyway! I value my safety, even if is just a slip chain!The food was poor and in the main restaurant the waiting staff couldn't be bothered. All n all a most unenjoyable stay here.	
Aug 20 2005	Outstanding	Albeit a little difficult to find, but the location is perfect! Situated just away from the noisy streets the 3 minute walk to bustling Ste Catherine is acceptable. The hotel amenities and service are outstanding. Staff attitudes are gracious and accommodating. We required a little extra attention to our vehicle - we were met with complete satisfaction wihout any extra charges. Room service - after the posted 23.30 closing - was not an issue for the attentive staff. The hotel feels like a ground floor locale until you peer out your window. The pool and sun-deck offer plenty of play area for teenagers. The layout of the hotel gives an intimate feel with wide hallways, a few steps up and down to each level, and presents an elegant atmosphere. While reading the negative reviews I considered other hotels for this stay, but I am certainly glad I did not change my reservation.	
Aug 13 2005 	Terrible hotel!	I usually stay at Hilton hotels but is this really a Hilton?? Positively the worst hotel experience since I stayed in a one-star hotel in Athens 1977. The staff at Hilton Bonaventure is not very welcoming to put it gently, rooms have not been refurbished for 30 years and are filthy and the breakfast is absolutely nothing to write home about. Situated on top of a completely dead, empty and sometimes a bit scary underground shopping mall. Avoid this hotel.	
Jul 9 2005 	abolutely fabulous	the most amazing hotel we have ever stayed in.its absolutely gorgeous to wake up and look outside to see nothing but this beautiful green landscaped 'forest', complete with ducks and fish.the breakfast buffet was sufficient to keep us satisfied for hours, and the waiters were only too happy to oblige with all and every request.great location-right above underground shopping 'city', and within walking distance to just about anywhere, including the old port, chinatown, and even St. Catherine Street.Next time in Montreal I would not even consider staying anywhere else..[I was sorry to leave]	
Jul 4 2005	Not a 4 star hotel	My husband and I booked the Hilton through Hotwire for my birthday. We were there June 30 to July 2. We checked in around 3:30 after driving around Place Bon Aventure trying to locate the entrance of the hotel. We pulled into the parking lot to find out that we were in the right place.When we arrived at the reception counter the gentleman took forever checking us in. He even had to get some help in doing so. After 15 minutes to check into a room that has been prepaid for, we end up getting a non-smoking room.After getting our correct room we started our adventure. After a long day of walking, we came back to our hotel with the loudest clanking noise you have ever heard. We were thinking it was the air conditioning. I turned it off and the noise was still there. So we called the front desk and was told security would come and check it out. After half an hour of waiting and getting a head ache, my husband went down to reception for answers. They told him the only solution was to switch rooms. So a bell boy was being sent to take us to the new room. The bell boy was nice and he temporarily fixed the noise problem in our current room, but we did not want to take the chance that it could wake us up at 2 am. When we got to our new room, surprise, surprise, we were placed in a non-smoking room. After all the hassles we did not care anymore. We just smoked in there. I apologize to those non-smokers out there who are offended that they end up getting non-smoking rooms that smell smoky, but we had had enough of the crap dished out to us. The hotel rooms and pool was nice, the location was great, just wished that service was a lot more attentive, efficient and organized for a 4 star hotel. The fact that is was a long holiday really did not apply. We were far enough away from all the touristy places and pricey enough that the hotel wasn't even that busy.	
Jun 8 2005	What a great place to stay!!!	We stayed here this past Memorial Day weekend and THIS PLACE WAS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!! The hotel itself had an eastern (feng shui) look to and feel to it. It was very inviting and immaculately clean. The staff was EXTREMELY accommodating when we requested to see other rooms so that we could choose one that best suited our fancy. We choose one on the third level overlooking the beautifully serene garden. The room was ample in size and came with the standard amenities one would expect (super comfortable king size bed, mini-bar, TV; recliner, etc) Room service was great and the restaurant food was delicious (averaging about $10 US dollars/ entree). Just be prepared that the restaurant stops serving food at 11pm and last call for drinks is midnight. Nevertheless, everything and everyone that worked there gave the impression of a very high-class hotel.	
May 25 2005	better than average	I have been in Montreal many times over the years and find the Hilton more than just an average hotel. It's not built like your average hotel in the city as it's not a high rise but rather a low rise that's fairly well spread out. Our room was very clean and the bathroom although small was clean and met our needs..plenty of mirrors through out the room. Views are either of the city or the court yard which is beautiful, but remember this is not a high rise. The have an indoor outdoor pool which is heated and allows you to start inside and swim outdoors even in a snow storm. The fitness room is more than adequate. We did not eat in the hotels restaurants as you are within walking distance to downtown and the underground City is right underneath the hotel.. It's a short taxi ride $6C to Old Montreal and the Old Port and very close to just about everything. All in all it's a good place to stay...not overwhelming but nice and all you need for a city where you are not going to spend much time in your room. You can park your own car underneath the hotel for $17C or Valet parking is $24C. Give yourself about 10-15 mins to get the car with the Valet parking. Very easy to find if you come in off the Champlain Bridge and Rte 10 as it turns into Rue University and as you enter the city the Hilton sign is right in front of you.	
May 24 2005 	Good Hotel Good Service	I selected this hotel for its location relative to a Trade Show I was attending for the week. The hotel was nice and the accommodations were fine. The service though, made a great impression on me. The staff was helpful and pleasant to deal with.I was upgraded to the executive floor which came with FREE High Speed Internet. There were no connection problems or special log in procedures to deal with. This was a very nice amenity.The location had very convenient access to both the subway system and railway station. The underground shopping and dining areas were also accessible. The Old Port area of the city was a quick cab ride or nice walk away. The famed Crescent Street is the same, but for safety sake, after dark travel should be by cab. Only a couple of things to keep in mind when selecting this hotel:1.PARKING-Parking anywhere of interest in this city is next to impossible; this goes for the hotel as well. There are 2 choices and neither are cheap. The Self Park is 4 to 6 levels underground with tight turns and tight spaces. There are no signs telling you that they only accept Visa or MasterCard- NO AMEX.2.Once you get to the lobby, there are no more elevators. You will have to manage your luggage up and down stairs, but the stairs are not that steep or high. I was able to do this with no problems with my 1 bag.There is a heated pool, which is nice in the middle of the city.Overall, it was a good hotel and I would stay here again for a Trade Show.	
Apr 12 2005	Better Hotel Then the Reviews Indicate	I was prepared for an average experience based on the past reviews of the Hilton Bonaventure. While we did receive the Priceline room (obstructed view) the check-in and desk service was fine. Our room was large with comfortable king-size bed and pillows. Small bathroom but nice amenities.Concierge was very helpful providing information on Montreal, public transportation and general directions.We did not use the outside pool though people were swimming in the heated pool though only 55 degrees.We also did not eat at any of the restaurants at the Hilton.If you do go, try Le P'tit Plateau restaurant in the Italian district. This small (BYO wine) 15 table restaurant serves southern French food in a casual atmosphere. The food is outstanding from appetizer to dessert.Overall, I would not hesitate to stay at the Hilton again.	
Dec 2 2004 	80's retro hotel	We recently just stayed at the Bonaventure last week - we were there for a sporting event that was being held in the adjacent Convention Center.The hotel is unique in that it is at the top of an office building. In it's hey day - it was probably awesome - they have not put any $$$ in this hotel in years. The first room we were given was a corner alcove suite - it had a bed - a coffee table and and a chair and a armoir with a TV that was impossible to see from the bed. It was stark and missing some furniture.We asked for another room - and were shown a bi-level suite - which in design and square footage was nice, however decor was right out of the 80's - no modern fixtures or amenities. We have stayed in nicer road side motels with nicer furnishings for a 1/3 of the price we were paying. Convenience for location close to casino and convention center - but that's all - the staff in the coffee shop - which is the lobby bar - are awful - you have to beg for service or speak fluent french for any kind of friendly service. The hotel charges are what you expect at Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton - which is fine if everything else goes along with it - they need to put lots of $$$ back into the hotel to really justify the price and 5 star rating. We'd look elsewhere for next year - and probably give up the convenience and take cabs to the convention centre.we'd say the hotel is a 3 star at best with 5 star prices.For what they are charging - they should be seriously kissing up and providing service - drop the attitude!	
Oct 23 2004	avoid at all cost	Worst hotel we have ever stayed at. We were put in a smoking room despite our booking clearly read non-smoking. Upon arrival we even double-checked at the front desk and were assured that the room was indeed non-smoking which turned out not to be the case. The staff is unfriendly and not up to the job. The breakfast had a very small selection of choiches, one of them cooked (not fried) bacon. Stay away and avoid at all cost. There are many much better hotels in Montreal with better locations at the same price.	
Sep 30 2004	Will return for sure	My husband and I and one other couple stayed at the Hilton for four nights (9/19 - 9/23) and could not have been more delighted with this hotel. The staff were wonderful and went out of their way to see that we were looked after. The rooms were very clean and were made up while we were having breakfast. Unfortunately the executive lounge was being remodelled but we were well compensated for it. The gardens were beautiful and well kept. It was hard to belive that we were 18 floors up!! We would certainly stay there again if and when we return to Montreal.	
Sep 1 2004	nice hotel	Nice hotel staff could not have been nicer or more helpful. Room was a little small and could use a decor update, but was clean. The pool and public areas were nice and were clean. We were lucky and had a room away from the construction noise but can see how it would be very disruptive. Would stay here again.	
Aug 30 2004	Bonaventure does not deserve 5* rating	We recently stayed at the Bonaventure for 7 days. I would not consider the Hotel Bonaventure a 5 Star hotel by any means. When we arrived, they would not accept my Hilton Platinum number. Why I do not know. This is the first hotel to refuse a Platinum card. I requested a non smoking room with a short walking distance, preferably an ADS room. Our first room was at the very end of the hotel, a walk of approximately ¾ mile. Our second room was changed to the front of the hotel. There was construction going on in the bulling below. Which we were not informed about when I called the hotel a few days earlier. Our room was above the jack hammering. This was unacceptable. I wanted a change but had to wait until the next day. The Jack hammering started at 10 am lasted until 9 pm. Since we went to the Casino, we came in rather late. We really wanted to sleep. Oh well! Got a room change the next day, this room was acceptable, but dimly lighted, the TV went in and out, and the maid service did not leave any wash clothes. I inquired about that, and the guest information told me that they were short on wash clothes, so it was a hit or miss distribution. I also found the front desk to be rather rude. We did not have a do not disturb sign in the room. I called for one. Did not seem to matter. The do not disturb sign was placed on the door, but we were awakened by a knock at 8 am. So much for sleep. The next afternoon my husband was using the bathroom facilities, and in marches the maid, without knocking. Thank goodness, he had the bathroom door partially closed. Be aware that the breakfast served at the hotel is $40.00 CAD which you do not know until you get the bill. I think that is extremely overpriced. In addition, they are not very helpful with directions. All they ever say is take a taxi. We found out that there is a free Casino bus at night through someone on a tour, not through the hotel. Gray Line tours are great. Make sure you take the all day tour to Quebec City. It is worth the price. Go to Notre Dame Basilica and pay the price for admission. Save the ticket, it will be honored at other times if you want to return. If you happen to be there, on a Sunday from 2-4, the organ is playing and it is exceptional. Oh, the Casino gives the best exchange rates. By the way, we did win, but gave it all back. The important thing is we had fun. We were also quite surprised about the general cost of meals. We ate at Jacques Cartier one night 2 burgers, 2 fries, 2 ice-tea were $39.19 CAD. If I were to do it over again I would stay in the quaint Quebec City, with lots of shops, places to eat and attractions. I would go to Montreal as a day trip.	
Aug 30 2004	Pleasant Stay at the Hilton	My family stayed here Aug 17 through 21. The front desk staff was friendly. We had a lovely room. Very clean. The buffet breakfast was wonderful. (Nice staff) The kids enjoyed the gardens and the pool. It is a perfect hotel for families with children. The concierge was right on in her recommendations of restaurants for families (ranging from quick bites to elegant family-friendly spots.) The location is convenient to the metro and for walking to the Downtown and even old Montreal. Warning: There is construction noise most evenings from about 5 pm until 8:45pm. It didn't effect our stay because we were out for dinner at that time. Overall, a nice stay.	
Aug 23 2004	Well located helpful hotel	I stayed Thursday 19 to Sunday 22 August 2004. The hotel has a wide drive in from Gauchetiere (street) and splendid entrance leading immediately to lifts to the top two floors of the skyscraper. Reaching the hotel from the bus terminal or train station (both serve Dorval Airport) is easy as the hotel is linked to Montreal's extensive underground walkway system. My HH Honors card gave me an upgrade so my room 1338 may have been better than average. It had a huge bed, desk, armchairs and was generally well equipped. Bathroom was on the small size, as the door opening inwards almost touched the WC. Everything was spotless for my arrival and during my stay. Reception staff were friendly and helpful with answering several questions. There is an outdoor heated pool about 15 metres long open from 06.30 every morning. Business Centre closed at weekends: nearest internet access is coin machines in railway station or at Chapters Bookshop. I had one dinner in hotel. A restaurant is closed for refurbishment. The kitchens were under pressure due to a wedding reception and though the service was again friendly, I would rate the food as average only. Overall I would certainly stay again for the hotel's location, friendliness and outdoor pool.	
Aug 11 2004	May not come back!	I recently spent 4 days at the Hilton Bonaventure. The hotel was OK. It did not deserve the 5star rating granted by some websites. The rooms could use some upgrades. The Executive rooms were not any better than the regular rooms. Compared to the Hilton Millenium in New York or the Hilton in Beijing, Hilton Bonaventure was like a Motel 6. The front desk staffs were rude at times. The location is pretty good though. The Executive lounge was closed when I was there. It was supposed to be re-opened during my stay but got indefinitely delayed.	
Aug 7 2004	The room could use some updating	The room I had was small, but had a great view. Your on top of a high-rise directly over train tracks, but no noise. The lighting in the room was really bad, made the rooms decor look worse than it was. The room service was very good. The front desk service was not.It's also rather hard to find, the outside of the building has no big Hilton sign or anything. Just a tiny placard by the front gate. Also, when I was there the 1st floor area was under construction, and the signs to the actual hotel lobby were misleading.	
Jul 26 2004	Hate the service!	We went there 4th of July weekend. I chose Hilton because of its reputation and most importantly it had an outdoor pool. It was definitely an unpleasant experience for us. The receptionist was very unpolite and unhelpful, the room was extremely noisy and after the first night I asked them to change it, at least they were fine with it. The hotel was extremely crowded, probably because of the festival. It was impossible to go into the pool, because of the families with kids (tons of them), they also had a dining area right next to the pool which made the pool area extremely crowded and noisy. Needless to say I had no fun at all. Plus the check out person was really unprofessional and I had to report her. The manager was responsive though. I had one of my worst vacations in a 5 star hotel. The service we received was definitely not even 1 star. I would never go there again.	
Jul 17 2004	Great hotel	Beautiful hotel. Grounds were well kept. Trees and waterfalls give you a feeling you're anyplace but on top of a building in Montreal. Only bad feature was just one restaurant was open and not necessarily at convenient times. My husband is diabetic and we could not find anything open in the immediate vicinity on a Saturday late afternoon. The staff overall were wonderful - except in the restaurant. They could use some &quot;friendly&quot; training.	
Jul 14 2004	Great Weekend at the Hilton	I arranged a trip for 2 couples to go to Montreal for the Canada Day weekend. The jazz festival was on and we had a wonderful time. I have stayed at the Montreal Bonaventure Hilton Hotel many times before and it has never failed to please. Both rooms were clean and quiet. the staff were very friendly, helpful and professional. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 12 2004	Nice hotel in a great location	We really liked this hotel, although there were some minor problems with our reservation. However, they quickly resolved them to our satisifaction. Everyone was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. The location was great and the pool was really nice. We didn't notice the construction noise that the previous reviewer mentioned.	
Jul 10 2004	Nice 	We booked thru Priceline and were happy to see that we got a 4* Hilton in a good location. The Hilton is in a very convenient part of downtown with nice ammenities. We didn't use the pool, but it looked great. The room was large, bathroom upscale, and the mini bar was big enough to store some bottled water we'd bought during the day.  One BIG downside was the drilling/pounding noise that went on each day when we were in the room from about 6-8pm. After walking for many hours, I was looking forward to some quiet time before heading out for the evening. No chance. When I called the front desk to inquire, they said it was construction going on 17 floors down, that it affected all the rooms of the hotel, and that the construction permit allows them to go until 9pm --which it did each day, giving me quite a headache. The hotel is very nice, but you may want to ask about the status of the construction.	
Jun 30 2004	Hilton Bonaventure was good	The Hilton Bonaventure was a very nice hotel. The management was very friendly, and best of all, we had very nice weather. The hotel was NOT in a &quot;seedy&quot; area, but in the Metro underneath the hotel, a bunch of beggars hung out there. The hotel was not completely Non-Smoking, so some parts smelled bad. The Hilton does offer Non-Smoking rooms, so we took advantage of that. The room service was ok, but they really don't care about taking your plates back to the kitchen to get washed, (If you had room service.) Our plates sat outside our room for two days with caked on food. After talking to the front desk about it several times, nothing happened. The maid was the one who actually called the room service personel to pick it up. The bathroom is very clean and has a wide variety of bathing oils, etc. The shower head is a Grohe, (sp?) and had many nice settings. A nice touch that I LOVED, was that the TV speakers are hooked up to the bathroom too, and you don't have to miss your favorite show's audio. The beds are comfortable, and all of the lights are florescent, so they are energy efficient, and very bright. The only bad thing about the room though, was we had to ask to get the heat turned on, even though it was summer (The AC was on for who knows how long?) The Hilton has a &quot;HotSpot&quot; by the pool area, so if you bring your wireless router card, you are in luck, and you have free internet. If you don't, you can get High Speed Internet for $10.00 a day, and like $5.00 for dial up. The rates may change though, but that is what my rates were. All in all, come to the Hilton Bonaventure, you will have a good time!!!	
Apr 23 2004	Hard to categorize		
Feb 20 2004	Can't be beat!		
Oct 30 2003	Unimpressive		
Oct 20 2003	No guarantee of room		
Sep 19 2003	Hilton Bonaventure A Fine Hotel		
May 26 2003	book the Hilton		
May 26 2003	Les Remparts Parc du Riviere Nord other stuff we loved...		
Jan 23 2003	Enjoyed the Bonaventure		
Oct 20 2002	Bonaventure is Best Bet		
May 25 2002	Business style hotel		
Oct 19 2009 	Expérience très agréable		
Sep 18 2009 	Hotel importante pero bastante gastado		
Sep 10 2009 	Genial		
Aug 26 2009 	Spettacolo		
Jul 26 2009 	Gerne wieder		
