Nov 12 2009 	Nice Hotel Good Location but... DON'T STAY NEW YEARS EVE!!!	We've stayed at the Holiday Inn Express / Candlewood Suites Montreal several times over the last few years and found it to be a nice property with a good location and a friendly, helpful, courteous staff. But DO NOT make the mistake we did last December. On New Years Eve, HUNDREDS of college kids and high school kids checked in and ran riot throughout the hotel. They set off the fire alarm SIX TIMES starting at 1am. The hotel management did NOTHING about it. The drunken kids ran through the hallways laughing and screaming, slamming doors and stomping up and down the stairwells to visit their friends on other floors. This went on ALL NIGHT LONG. There were fights in the hallways and, the next morning, there was trash scattered throughout the hotel. Other than that, we had a nice stay.	
Nov 6 2009 	Danger of Hotwire route + flexible hotel	My friend and I got a great rate on Hotwire but learned the limits of that option. We got a room for two but the hotel gave my friend one bed at check-in. When I called the hotel to get a room with two beds, we were initially told that it would be $30 more a night. After brief discussion the front desk kindly agreed to waive that charge and we agreed to pay a one-time fee of $30 for the room change.I am grateful to the hotel for this flexibility. This is the kind of generous move that makes me ready to go back again.I will write more later about other hotel details.Jim Beverley	
Nov 4 2009 	Pleasantly suprised	Location- within walking distance to many places (Notre Dame and other bascilicas, Chinatown, Old Montreal, Latin Quarter)Room- A whole lot larger than we expected. It really was previously apartments, so the main bedroom can be an office with a pull out bed/converted couch w/ a tv and free internet access, and the main living room space is where the main bed(s) are. The kitchenette was very convenient. We didn't feel like we were in a hotel room, more like an apartment which was comforting and spacious.Breakfast- Comes with the room rate. Cereal bar, (ok) coffee, juices, several types of breads, oatmeal, yogurt, eggs, pre-made omelletes, sausage, and bacon. Better than a continental breakfast and can hold you over till lunch. This Holiday Inn Express, not the Sofitel.Parking- We came in through train from Quebec City, so didn't need any parkingStaff- Most of the people at the reservations desk were in their 20's, younger than expected. But they were accomodating and got the job done.All in all the hotel was clean, well kept, breakfast was expected, the room def. felt like we got value for our money. We spent 3 nts. in Oct at $101/nt.	
Nov 3 2009 	Good hotel at convenient location	My family (myself, wife, 4 year old, and 2 year old) stayed three nights. It was a pleasant stay. The room was casual in decor, spacious and clean. The price was very good as Montreal had a city wide special called the Summer Sweet Deal with the third night 1/2 off. The breakfast was decent although it got extremely crowded. The location was very good - right next to Chinatown where you could get some cheap eats at the numerous Vietnamese restaurants. The hotel was also in easy walking distance from the old town. The valet parking was pretty convenient as they retrieved the car quickly. The only real issue that we had was that one could not reserve a crib ahaed of time as they were available only first come first serve. That policy is a bit wrong headed as visitors need to know for certain if they can get a crib (we brought our own).	
Oct 23 2009 	Excellent Value	Our family stayed for the Thanksgiving/Columbus Day long weekend and was very pleased with this hotel...Great location just a few minutes walk from the Old Port and St. Catherines Street. There is an $18.00 per day parking fee but that includes valet and in/out priveleges so it's very convenient and not unreasonable for downtown parking.  The rooms were large and perfect for a family. As well as the standard bedroom portion there is also a kitchenette (full size fridge, microwave, sink, but no stove) with a counter and a couple of stools. Plus there's a second bedroom (!) with pull-out sofa and 2nd TV. Breakfast is included but it's hit &amp; miss. The cold portion includes cereals, yogurt, various breads &amp; spreads, juice machine, coffee and a bowl of bananas. Perfectly adequate. The hot portion is sort of gross and includes egss &amp; meat, changed each day. The scrambled eggs tasted strange, perhaps powdered, so I didn't try.the fold-over omelettes the next day. Bacon was very thin and greasy so I didn't try the pork patties the next day either. All served buffet style with disposable plates, cups &amp; cutlery. Unfortunately no pool. Room rate averaged out to around $110 per night which is very reasonable when you consider the location, size of room and breakfast for the four of us. If I return to Montreal I think I'd scout out a hotel with a pool first. But unless it was around the same price, I'd came back to the Holiday Inn again. I'd rather spend my money on the excellent restaurants in Montreal!	
Oct 20 2009 	Good location but no frills.	We only had one day to stay in Montreal after our cruise with Holland America. We stayed here due to the proximity to Chinatown, Notre Dame Catherdral, and Rue St. Pierre. The room was decent (two queen beds), and we were fortunate to get early check in (arrived around 10 and the room was still being cleaned up, but the maid was nice enough to let us drop off our stuff). Chinatown is relatively small compared to other metro cities, but they have some pretty good bakeries. The T-stop (subway) is right across the street, so really handy to get to the RESO (underground mall). And Notre Dame and Rue St. Pierre is a five minute walk.If you're looking for a clean, decent room, this will suffice. It wasn't fancy or luxurious, but for our purposes, it was fine. We took the Gray Line tour recommended by the concierge, and it was worth it (they picked &amp; dropped off to our hotel). The price for the room was decent, too. Free internet was a plus.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice Hotel	I liked the hotel. It was clean, they gave us a nice big suite and the breakfast was good. Valet parking is ~$19 (Can.) and there isn't really a good multi day public parking nearby. Hotel location is excellent if you want to visit the old part of the city and chinatown.	
Sep 10 2009 	Excellent Room and Service	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and I must say it was a good exprience. The staff was very helpful and curtious. The room had a an attached kitchen and a study with Wired internet connectivity.The location is perfect for those who would like to visit the old montreal city as it very much walkable from the hotel. Only if they dont charge the fee for parking.	
Aug 31 2009 	awful room; we were treated like garbage 	We arrived in mid-afternoon on August 21 2009. I had called to verify my reservation the previous Wednesday; all was as it was reserved. We took the train to Montreal and walked to our hotel which was convenient. They checked us in quickly as we arrived on our floor we noticed how dingy and dark the hallways were; it was in need of some immediate TLC, as soon as we entered the room we were in a smokey and smelly room, which boasted terrible decor and a smelly couch. The flooring was terribly dirty. We are non-smokers and my daughter and I are severely sensitive to smoke; therefore we had reserved a non-smoking room with two queen beds. This was nothing like what we had reserved. When we called down from the room, we were told that's all that they had and they would speak to the manager. After several minutes, I started to feel ill and we went back downstairs where we were treated like third rate citizens. They had us speak to a man which they claimed was the manager, who refused to make changes and refused to check us out. So I gave them their keys back and myself, my husband and my small children walked out with them watching, knowing fully that we had come on foot and that there were no hotels with rooms avaiblable that weekend. We walked to a nearby hotel who released a room for us (DAYS INN on Rene Levesque, just a block down the road). When I called the following day (as the reservastion was for two nights) they did not want to put me through to a manager and they claimed not to be able to check me out early as it was pre-paid. We paid $350 for the two nights. We have travelled throughout Canada, USA, UK and the Caribbean, we have stayed at various types of accommodations, we have never NEVER been treated like this. TERRIBLE HOTEL STAFF!! TERRIBLE ROOM!! and NO REGARD FOR FAMILIES we had to change our train reservation to return home the following day as there were no hotels available in the downtown core, needless to say my children were sadened and we were completely confused as to why in this day and age we would be treated this way. I delayed writing this review because I tried to contact them to see if they could explain, apologize and refund our money; ALL of which they did NOT do.	
Aug 18 2009 	It was a beautiful clean and friendly hotel with large rooms.	The hotel was beautiful inside and the rooms were spacious. Our room had a fully size refrigerator and sink, and a queen size bed. The sheets were extremely soft and the pillows were firm. I really would recommend this hotel. You will need to pay for parking and that costs $18. This hotel is only blocks away from near Vieux-Port and is within reasonable walking distance to Rue-St. Catherine (about 2 blocks) where you have your chain restaurants and clothing stores, the underground city (with lots of stores to shop) and the train station, Saint Laurent. The supermarket is 1 block away. You can also walk to Musee de Chateau Ramezay, Marche Bonsecurs, Place Jacques Cartier, Basilique de Notre Dame Montreal, and take a cruise along the St. Lawrence River. (We used La Ba Bateau Mouche.) You can take the train to Champ de Mars to visit these sites, but if you stay at the hotel you can walk a few blocks. (like 5 blocks) This hotel is in an excellent location as it in downtown Montreal. This hotel may also come up in your search as Holiday Inn Express Montreal Centre-ville Downtown, is located at 155 Rene-Levesque East, Montreal, Quebec H2X3Z8. The hotel has free internet. It has a great FREE breakfast (eggs, cheese, sausage, cereal, bacon, yogurt, toast etc.)	
Aug 10 2009 	Never again	Booked room via PriceLine, good rate. Hotel was obviously under renovation, our floor was under construction, room was 'well used'. I log more than 60 room nights a year and this was the worst in a long time - by far.	
Aug 8 2009 	Good value great location	Great location, just steps from the Old Montreal and all attractions. Spacious rooms, quite for downtown location. Breakfast typical for Holiday Inn. Only one disadvantage - just 2 elevators, and one was not in use. We had to use the stairs (lucky to stay on the 5th floor).	
Aug 1 2009 	Nice hotel convenient location great breakfast!	My daughter and I stayed in this hotel in early July 2009. Our room was a suitewith a bedroom (with a door) and a living room with a pull-out sofa. There wasa TV in the bedroom and living room. There was a microwave, full-size refrigerator, sink, dishware, and silverware. There is a breakfast buffet, and it is the same as the buffets I've encounteredat other Holiday Inn Express locations. There is an egg dish daily (omeletsor scrambled eggs), with meat (sausage or bacon), along with their famouscinnamon rolls, toast, muffins, cereal, juices, tea, and coffee. It's a prettybusy place as of around 7:45am or so. The hotel has an elevator. We did not have a vehicle, so I cannot comment regarding parking. There was Internet access available, but in our room it was only available withan Ethernet cable. That was acceptable for me. I understand that there was wireless available in the lobby. I have read other comments regarding the questionable surroundings. I did not have that same feeling. We were one block from Chinatown. Granted, on your way to the Metro station you do pass some strip clubs, but in the daytime there'snot much going on there. We were only a couple of blocks away from a large IGA store, and we found thatwe could get food items there and prepare them in our rooms. That store connectsinto the large underground mall. I wanted to mention that when we arrived at the train station, I inquired of one of the cab drivers about the hotel location. (I was wanting to take a cabto the hotel). The cab driver, obviously not wanting to deal with a small fare,said it was only &quot;2 blocks away&quot;. In reality, it took us almost 30 minutes to walk there down Rene Levesque Boulevard, pulling luggage the whole time. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Montreal. It is at a good location, and the price was quite reasonable.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great Location Clean Rooms 	I've been staying at this hotel on a regular basis all summer on business (usually Sundays thru Friday mornings, but several weeknds as well) &amp; I would recommend this hotel to almost anyone. Is it perfect? Of course not. As noted in other reviews, the internet service is terribly slow &amp; not even wireless (but at least you get internet service- I've stayed at hotels with &quot;free high-speed wireless&quot; that barely worked, if at all) &amp; the floor hallways seem somehow barren. However, I firmly believe the good points of this location far exceed the few deficiencies.- All rooms are suites &amp; they are a fair size (as alreadyu noted, they are converted condos).- Rooms are very clean &amp; kept clean during your stay.- Beds are comfortable, but the bed &amp; bath linens are high-quality- very comfortable.- Location-wise for tourists, it cannot be beat. You are in the heart of Montreal... literally a minute &amp; a half to the corner of Ste.Catherine &amp; St. Laurent, ditto Chinatown. A ten minute walk to the heart of Old Montreal &amp;, during &quot;festival season&quot; you are one to seven minutes away from a festival- Just for Laughs, Mntrl.Intl.JazzFest, Franco-Folies... you name it... all summer long something for everyone.- Walk-in rates.... I had friends from home driving through Mntrl. &amp; they spontaneously decided to stay the night &amp; enjoy the beautiful city with me for an evening. They got a rate of something just under CAN$120... this is fantastic given location &amp; all the other pluses this hotel has to offfer.- Although I can't think of his name (very embarrasing), the who-I-assume-to-be-senior valet parking gentleman was tops- always with a friendly smile, a funny little story &amp; a willingness to help you out in a flash. The rest of the staff are also just fine, but this fellow was a wonder- definitely worth mentioning him in the plus section!Can't really say more than I &amp; other posters have said already (including a decent free breakfast with hot items), except I urge you to consider this place of you are visiting as a tourist- convenient location alone makes this well-priced hotel an outstanding choice!	
Jul 30 2009 	Excellent location friendly staff bright clean room	We stayed for one night on our way home to Toronto. The location was perfect. Close to old Montreal, rue Ste Catherine etc. The room was a suite with microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, a tv in the living room and one in the bedroom. Also had a balcony with view of the hotel the ville. Very quiet and very clean as well as affordable. The staff was friendly and helpful. We would definetely stay there on our next visit to Montreal.	
Jul 24 2009 	Good location but...! Good hotel but...!	I went with my other half for our second year of attendance at the Just for Laughs Comedy Festival.First let me start by saying we took VIA in from downtown Guelph, to downtown Montreal via Toronto. I really do recommend VIA, even if they decided to talk about strike action the night we arrive (the Monday), and actually strike at 12 noon on the day we were to leave (the Friday). Haha, we were lucky as VIA was able to get us on the 630am train (ugh) which got us to an empty Union Station in Toronto at 11:30 am, a half hour before the strike took affect. But, once again, when VIA has everything operating, it is such a great way to go from dt to dt, no gettting to the airport, no security checks to have to wait at, and in VIA1 business the service is quite excellent , with full bar service and meal / snacks at a great price. Anyone want more infor about VIA1 (Business Class) in the Southwestern to Montreal corridor, just ask, i've done it a few times.Ok, back to the hotel in question. I am writing this review not only as a visitor to Montreal, but also as a loyalist to the ICHotels Group of hotels (whose brands include Crowne Plaza, Holiday Inn, Holiday Inn Express, Intercontinental, and others). If you read my previous posts I really try to overlook what others have said and usually find the best of each hotel. We arrive around 5pm into Montreal and make the short walk, about 10 minutes, from Gare Centrale to the hotel. Check in, and the man at the counter is very nice. Get to the room and 'give me a break'...if you could possibly lay down the floor plan and pick the worst room, I got it. The hotel has an inner courtyard (open to the outside) but non the less a courtyard on three of the back walls. So, I get the inner corner room, looking into a dark space, with a window of my neighbour to my right at 90 degrees and of course the window across the courtyard. It only ticks me off, because, if I owned a hotel, this would be the last room I'd give away. This is the type of room they give to someone who got a way tooo good deal on hotwire, not the room you give someone who is a Platinum Priority Club member or anyone who paid website rate on the IChotels.com website, especially if the hotel still has other rooms available. But that being said, I called down and asked for an exterior facing room and they moved me no problem. But, once again, why would you do this in the first place.The first room and the replacement room, both different layouts, but both have small kitchen areas, which I've never had in any hotel room before....this actually came in quite handy. Now, let's focus on the 'replacement room'. None of the rooms have a safe, but that wasn't a problem, nothing went missing even with 2 laptops sitting out. The bed and bedding were the standard very good quality HIE (Holiday Inn Express) style, as were the towels. The room , as others have stated, is a converted condo, so you have your kitchen facing what should be the living area, which is where they put the beds and then the bedroom is used for the sofa and desk and the second tv. Why this layout you ask? Well, when we pondered this, it's clear that in order to comfortably accommodate the 2 queen beds, this was the only option. The furnishings are standard, simple yet solid, but not cheap looking, HIE type furnishings. Internet is wired, 'high speed', but , as stated earlier, is quite slow. I'd highly reccommend disabling your pictures in your browser settings to help speed this up. But, once again, it is free, so that is nice.The hotel is very convenient to St. Denis Theatre (where alot of the Just for Laughs shows take place), and St. Denis is like a really long Queen West in Toronto with a big mix of both unique and commercial stores as well as a gazillion eating establishments , alot with patios. So conveniently located that this hotel wins as far as location goes.. Sketchier as you walk east and north from this hotel, but still not anything to be afraid of, even at night. And China town and the downtown shopping area as well as the magnificent Old Montreal are so easy to walk to. The morning breakfast bar, included in the HIE price, was a mad house....but well stocked with attendants always keeping the items full. The first day was the usual , cereal, yogurt, milk, juices and the HIE cinnamon rolls and assorted breads. On the rotation; day 1 was an omellete with or without cheez whiz and sausage patties. On day 2 was scrammbled eggs and bacon. With it being so busy, thank goodness for the hotel not being that big, so I was able to grab a plate and take it back to the room. Oh, on that note, the elevators are slow during peak tyimes, so if you can, take the stairs.There are laundry machines in the back hall as well as a small tuck shop. The concierge desk seemed to always be covered when we would pass through the lobby. Well I did book this based on brand, price and location....but if there is a good price at the HI Mid Town I would probably go that route, as I stayed there before and it was good, but pricey.	
Jul 18 2009 	Pricey but worth it	Great Hotel, ended up getting a Queen -Suite? The masterbedroom came with a walk in closet, the hallway had 2 closets, regular bathroom, had a kitchen with full fridge, microwave, coffee maker, sink and kitchen counter, had a dining room, and also had a living room with sofa-bed couch, with tv. No wireless internet, only wired-internet which was faulty sometimes.All this for for 160 per night, it also comes with a free buffet breakfast, you can goto the lobby for tea and coffee whenever you like. Parking is not included, it is 18bucks per dayOverall, pretty decent hotel, a bit more pricey, but you get what you pay for, security and great luxurious spacious rooms	
Jul 13 2009 	good location nice place to stay	This Holiday Inn Express has a good location -- convenient to walk to Old Montreal (valet parking was C$19 extra/night, street parking might be possible). The room was a 1 bedroom apt complete with kitchen (microwave, refrigerator, dishwasher), living room w/sofa sleeper and a balcony. Bedroom had a queen bed. Very quiet even though we were across from the elevators and overlooked the fairly busy street (good insulation). Easy walking distance to many restaurants, 2 blocks to Chinatown. Breakfast is included and normal for Holiday Inn Express, which is good: hot dish (eggs, etc.), cinnamon rolls, fruit, bagels, bread, cereal, juices, etc. The staff was helpful. Montreal is an amazing bilingual city with most people going between French and English with ease. Over Memorial Day weekend, our stay was US$136/night including taxes.	
Jun 25 2009 	Room breakfast was nice. Issues with the service of the hotel.	Good Things:1) We went for 1 night with our 5 1/2 month old son, the location was great just a short walk from the Old Port area and the shops on St. Catherine. We pushed a stroller around a both days so location was key. We got the room for $110 with parking and buffet breakfast included. So the rate was pretty good.2 )The room decor was dated but it was very clean and the room was a good size (1 queen), breakfast in the morning was good for your basic hot buffet.Bad Things:1) The internet was useless it was slower then dialup. I used my PDA instead thankfully it was just to lookup some addresses.2) We requested a crib when booking the room, then asked again when we checked in at 1pm, when we got back from dinner the crib still wasn't in the room so we called the front desk and asked where it was. They said they would send it right up. About an hour later they called back and said they had no cribs available. They didn't offer any alternatives and just asked if there was anything else. Not impressed. The next morning we complained and the manager just said, &quot;cribs are not guaranteed, it's first come first served&quot;. I argued that we asked while checking in and were told it would be no problem to get a crib, otherwise we would have request 2 beds or cancelled and gone somewhere else since the two of us got no sleep as we were afraid of rolling onto our son. She just kept saying it's not guaranteed. We ended up with a 20% discount. I would have rather slept.	
Jun 10 2009 	Cool for a business Trip	Had to be in Montrel for a week for a business meeting.I preferred staying close to downtown Montreal so that I could walk to the office. This was a wonderful hotel in downtown Montreal @ CAD 150 / night. It was close to all the attractions in Old Montreal as well. Infact, i was lucky since we had Jazz festival the whole week i stayed over there and even luckier since the location of the festival was a walkable distance from the hotel. The room was pretty and very comfortable. Infact, i forgot my shaving kit and the hotel staff provided a decent one for free.We had a good complimentary continental breakfast.My stay was memorable there. If you are looking to stay in downtown Montreal i would recommend this hotel if you are looking for options other than the Hilton.	
Jun 6 2009 	High Speed Internet - NOT!	While this Holiday Inn has a good location and good service at a reasonable price, there were way too many negatives for a business traveller.Upon entry of my first room, the bathroom had a sickening fecal smell. Over the two nights I spent in this room, this smell did go away. I selected this hotel based on its offer and availability of high speed internet. On this, it failed to deliver. In my first room, it cease to work after an hour of use. I spent almost 3 hours with tech support, switched cables three times, before we determined that the problem was with the wall connection. I was offered a switch of rooms which I accepted. I received no assistance in moving. To my relief, this room did not have the same fecal smell. As before, the Internet lived up to its promise for a couple of hours and then was abysmally slow foe the remainder of my stay. I gave up trying to resolve as I did not want to spend hours on the phone again with tech support.This location can use another elevator - there are only two in operation, so wait times can be slightly aggravating. Further, the corridors are run down and you feel institutional.On a positive note, staff service was excellent and attentive.	
Jun 4 2009 	Disappointing stay due to filthy hallway and loud housekeeping staff	We returned to this hotel while visiting family in Montreal, after having a pleasant stay last fall. They informed us at checkin that due to renovations our reserved non smoking room was not available and we were being given a 2 bedroom smoking suite that they had aired out for us. The suite was on the second floor, which is apparently not often used by guests. The housekeeping storage area is there, and when we got off the elevator (at around 7 PM) we were met with a number of randomly abandoned housekeeping carts in the lobby area, and filthy carpets. Our suite was large and comfortable though, so we stayed. At our request, the carts were stored away (as they should have been originally). The next morning, we were woken at 7:30 by loud voices outside our room. A quick peek showed that the entire housekeeping staff was standing outside our room, loudly chatting before starting their day. I informed them that there were guests on the floor, and they quieted down. But - they never cleaned our suite, and we returned that evening to unmade beds, no towels, etc. Things were quieter the next morning, but on Saturday we were again treated to the loud morning chatting, waking us early. Additionally, this suite has strange sounds, that the management is aware of. There are scraping metallic noises, and banging noises on and off throughout the night. On the plus side, the desk staff is friendly and helpful, and tried to help us as we went from one negative experience to the next. But nothing quite compensates for walking out of the elevator each time onto a repulsively filthy carpet and then being woken by inconsiderate loud staff 2 of our 4 mornings.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great Holiday Experience	We stayed at this hotel for four days. The hotel is comfortable and we have never experienced such comfort before. We were just expecting a few nibbles but breakfast is a lovely spread with cheeses fruit pastries etc. Overall this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in on holiday. It is very conveniently located in downtown.	
Jun 1 2009 	I hope it is available for my next trip	I'm afraid to let the world know how great this place is because everyone else will book it. The staff is friendly and helpful! Our suite was actually an apartment with a balcony overlooking the city. I loved being a block from Chinatown and only a few blocks from old town. Will stay here again and again and again.Quality linens, quality mattress. Full tub. Hi-speed internet in the room--didn't use it but a full desk and ergonomic chair.	
May 14 2009 	Comme ci comme ca.	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights (May 6-7) just for a little getaway. Positives:- Great location. A quick 5 minute walk and you are in Old Montreal. - Friendly staff. They would say hello to us (by name) as we were coming and going. Always had a smile.- Large room. Negatives:- I'm not sure if this is Hotwire or the hotel but we were placed on a smoking floor and told that there were no other rooms available. Our room faced Rene Leveque St. so opening the window at night made it hard to sleep. We woke up with sore throats after the first night. It wasn't so bad the second night.- Breakfast buffet. Even though it was included in the price we opted to eat out (Eggspectations in Old Montreal - very good) on our second morning because the quality was terrible. Cardboard bacon, tasteless and weird-textured eggs, terrible coffee. So, aside from the breakfast and the smoking floor room - this hotel is in a great location with very friendly staff and the rooms are very spacious.	
May 5 2009 	A great place to stay the weekend in Montreal	Booked 2 rooms for 2 nights under the Sweet Deals package, which gives you 50% off the second night - a great bargain! The hotel has a pretty decent location in downtown Montreal, not far from the seedy Rue Ste Catherine, and right across the street from Chinatown. Only a couple of blocks away is Vieux Montreal, the old port which is really neat and full of great shops and restaurants right along the St. Lawrence and the quais. The rooms were very roomy, the beds were large and comfortable. Plenty of TV stations, in both French and English. The bathroom was neat, roomy, and came with the usual amenities. Also had a kitchen in both rooms, which we didn't really use much. Only complaints were the water heater in our one room didn't work one morning and they had to use the other bathroom to shower. Also, the A/C system was not up to par, it was a window-mounted unit, that was supposedly controlled by a wall-mount thermostat...well whatever, between the 5 of us, all fairly intelligent people, we could not get either room's climate control system to work. Luckily the windows opened, but that got a bit brisk overnight and into the next morning. Breakfast was alright; HOWEVER, I advise against going later on a weekend day. We got there around 8:30 on Saturday morning, and it was getting full. On Sunday, we didn't get there til 9:15am, and the seating area was completely full, with many families and obnoxious kids, with a long line out into the lobby, and people pushing and being generally rude to each other. I said to hell with it, and just found a Tim Horton's, conveniently located not far down Rene Levesque.All in all, I recommend the HI Express Downtown, but be careful on weekends, at it's usually packed, especially from May on with the weather being warmer. Plenty to see and do in the city, take the hike up Mont Royal, awesome view! Also, while most natives/locals have a working knowledge of English, most of the signs and literature is in French, and can be a pain to translate if you don't know a bit of French. Just not very user-friendly, and very ethnocentric, when you consider how hard Quebec pushes for tourists to come and check out their province, especially Americans.	
Apr 24 2009 	its a good hotel for a nice get away	We went to this hotel for the price and location you are a 5 to 10 dollars taxi ride into the downtown and about half hour walk down to the Bell Center or to the shopping district area .The front service counter very helpful and fast The hallways seem to be run down not bright enough The rooms very big two double size beds and one room set to the side with a desk and a office table with a pull out bed with a tv .it does have a kitchen with microwave the rooms are really clean the beds are soft .The breakfest area is small will be pack by 930 so get there early the breakfest is alright eggs bacon cinmon buns cercels orange juice they do provide a morning newspaper at the front desk area .	
Apr 16 2009 	Better than expected !	We didn't find this hotel noisy, staying over a weekend out of season or as shabby as other reviews had suggested. Admittedly , the carpets in the corridors are stained in a few places and the public areas could do with smartening up. However, our bedrooms were clean and well appointed with small kitchens ,a sitting room and reasonable sized bathroom( bath products were ok but not plentiful, just shampoo and bath gel). Breakfasts were standard Holiday Inn Express fare but adequate. Location is on the doorstep of a small Chinatown with about 10 minutes walk or less to Old Montreal and generally well placed for sightseeing.	
Mar 21 2009 	Not bad.	This hotel looked like it was converted from a former condo building because the rooms were very large and spacious. The daily breakfast was up to standard and housekeeping did a fine job. To get to the closest Metro stop, one had to go through a somewhat run-down part of town. The second closest Metro stop is much farther away through Chinatown.My only beef with this hotel is that when I checked out, I was forced to pay a ridiculous extra fee of some sort by clueless front desk staff. Thanfully this was promptly and courteously reversed after I complained to the hotel manager upon return home.	
Mar 1 2009 	Big room small price :)	Stayed for a weekend with some friends to have fun in Montreal...found it for a great price on Priceline and ended up in a one bedroom suite with pull out couch in the living room area and kitchen for $50.00 a night!The room was in pretty good shape (except for some beat up corners of coffee tables and some edges of the walls, but I really can't complain). The beds were comfortable, the bathroom was very clean and had enough tolietries and towels, and the kitchen had a mircowave, full sized fridge, dishwasher and a set of dinner plates/cups/bowls, etc...Staff were friendly, promptly offered us umbrella's when they saw we didn't have one for a sudden rainstorm. Gave us suggestions on where to eat and called cabs for us whenever we wanted to go out.The location wasn't RIGHT downtown, but it worked. The hotel is near China Town and not too far from Rue St. Catherine. Would def go back :)	
Feb 23 2009 	Lies and Reservations	Booked through hotwire and when we got to the hotel they told us we were booked into a smoking room. I asked why and they said hotwire had booked a smoking room. I asked to change to a non-smoking and they said yes they could change, but for $30. We couldn't convince them otherwise, and were even told that transferring from a smoking room to a non-smoking room is &quot;considered an upgrade,&quot; and that this was hotel policy. The hotel room was not only extremely dingy and run down, it smelled stuffy and strongly of smoke. I have used hotwire many times and had never had any trouble before so I looked up their terms of use and it specifically says that hotwire books non-smoking rooms and that room is assigned at check in. My husband and I are extremely unhappy with this experience. On top of it all, the room was noisy; we could hear people walking above our floor and also people going up and down the stair well all night. We did not sleep. Safe to say that this was my worst hotel experience ever.	
Feb 17 2009 	Good Location Great Service	Standard Holiday Inn Express...which is great, as I seek these out when I can for their value and excellent free breakfast. This one is in a good location in Montreal, on a main thoroughfare, and not far from the Metro. We were able to walk most places we wanted to go, but used the Metro so as not to exhaust ourselves. Our room was a queen suite, two rooms with a kitchenette. High speed internet was wired, but free. The TV had extensive channels included in both French and English. Amenities included were shampoo, soap, and bath gel, which was nice. The shower head was low, even I, at 5'8&quot; needed to duck a bit to get under it. The clock radio had a dual alarm, which was a nice touch. The kitchenette featured a full size refrigerator, microwave, and electric coffee pot, as well as plenty of cabinet space. As ours was just a two night stay, we did not get to use it.The complementary breakfast was wonderful. This one had hot entrees, the first day scrambled eggs and bacon, the next had cheese omelets and sausage patties. The attendants had trouble keeping the food stocked as demand was high. I had planned to have one of the world-class cinnamon rolls on my last morning there; alas, they ran out and were not restocked before I had to leave. Coffee is available all day long here.Parking is by Valet and is an additional charge. Cars are stored in an underground garage. You will want to take advantage of this as we did see an unfortunate car owner nearby whose car had been broken into by shattering the window. An odd thing did happen...the Valet rung our room with a cryptic message, stating something &quot;perhaps comical&quot; had occurred, without revealing details on the phone. We ran down immediately to check out the issue, seems he had knocked a cup of coffee we left in the car cupholder...but as far as we could tell, nothing spilled on the car, somehow the entire thing spilled into his pocket. We were grateful for his &quot;head's up&quot;, but would have appreciated more detail about this inconsequential event on the phone, as he inspired great worry on our part. Nonetheless, kind, and he did not have to alert us at all.Chinatown is just two blocks away, and we were within an easy walk of Old Montreal. We took advantage of the outdoor ice skating rink there, which was fantastic. The rink is well used, but it seems the ice is groomed about every 1.5--2 hours. With music playing, it was lovely. We were within easy walk of the downtown shopping, but you may want to hop onto the Metro for a top or three to save your legs. We atteded the Titanic Exhibition at the Eaton Center and highly recommend this well-done, moving presentation.We're planning a return trip for the summer and will not hesitate to stay here again!	
Jan 22 2009 	One of my Montreal Fav's	Booked two jr suites, expecting each to be one large room with separate sitting areas, but they were actually two separate rooms WITH BALCONYS! great view... Breakfast was typical Holiday Inn Express fare... lots to choose from and good quality... my little sister still talks about their cranberry juice (i don't like cranberry juice, so i can't offer an opinion, but she insists it's great). only complaint was no pool, but the hotel was made for business people, who probably don't use it anyway...	
Jan 6 2009 	Don't stay on New year's/dirty/loads of smoke	There were a few good things about this hotel - the people who worked there were very nice, the rooms were large, and it is centrally located between Old Montreal, Rue Saint Denis, and Mont Royal. Even though it was freezing we walked most everywhere, though the Metro is very close. Now the bad part: the place was swarmed by groups of tough looking college-age kids on tour buses - how many, it is hard to venture a guess, but I'll estimate at least 200. I'm young too, and I like to have fun as much as the next person, but this hotel was the very definition of a ZOO. I swear I'm not a wuss, and really want others to have fun, but it was out of controlThey asked the people coming in, who were coming to party at the hotel to sign a waiver for damage (in their rooms because there is no bar) and NOT to party in their rooms. Instead, they said they could be in the lobby, outside the hotel etc. When you got off the elevator during any time over 2-3 days, there were dozens of drunken idiots milling about, or when waiting to check out, sitting on their bags so that no one could even attempt to get by them. Then try to get out the door through drinking, smoking swarms. NO ONE at the hotel asked these people to move, get out of the way etc. It was ridiculous. There was so much pot smoke in the hallways (even though I was on a non smoking floor) that is was like being in the movie &quot;Up in Smoke&quot;. Then they were banging on the doors screaming &quot;826&quot; for the room the big party was in. No one at the hotel really cared, even though these folks put signs up as early as 11AM for the allday/allnight party.At about 4:30 AM, the fire alarms went off, over and over again. No announcement, no explanation at all. Just kept ringing on and on in the hallways and rooms, and five firetrucks outside. It was piercing not to mention infuriating, and we were exhausted the next day. I kind of feel bad venting but I just can't believe the people running the place had such little disregard for the many other people staying there. The hallways are foul - the rugs are filthy and stained - ugh.The rooms were good, but for the experience, wayyyy overpriced.	
Dec 17 2008 	Great big rooms...so so breakfast	Booked through Priceline for 60$US all inclusive. The hotel is well situated, close to Berri-UQAM and Place des Arts stations, the underground city, the Quartier Latin an Chinatown. Street parking is free on Saturday (from 6PM) up to Sunday 1PM, so take advantage of this, if you are there on the weekend. The hotel itself is simple and effective, check in was easy (arrived early but still was accommodated). The room is huge, studio style, with a queen bed, a full size kitchen, minus stove (there is a microwave), and a good work station, with free internet connection. The bed itself was a tad too hard to my liking, but I could spend a week there. Note that the IGA at Complexe Desjardins is 3 blocks away, so it is possible to do your groceries there. Bathroom was standard, with a rather anemic shower. But all was clean and in good shape. Carpet has seen better days.As with all HI Express, breakfast is included, with bland powdered scrambled eggs, bacon (good), the infamous HIE cinnamon rolls (OK at best), yogurts, toast, frozen waffles, fruits, OJ, and decent coffee. They provide you with a take out bag if you want to eat in your room. The gym was small and spartan, with second had equipment, but functional. Overall, I recommend this place if you are on an extended stay with no car (valet parking is 17$CAN per day). Overall, very pleased with my stay.	
Oct 10 2008 	Good and Bad	PROS-great location,close to metro(subway),chinatown and shopping-newly renovated rooms-friendly and helpful staff-breakfast fineCONS-need new mattresses,too soft-hand towels frayed and not white-dirty bedding piled in hallways-hallway carpets dirty and paint stained	
Sep 8 2008 	Great Value	Stayed 2 nights at the Holiday Inn Express. All hotel staff very friendly and helpful, especially valet and housekeeping. Suite was nice and clean. Great location with metro, Chinatown, Old Montreal, Plateau and downtown all within easy walking distance. Breakfast in the morning was great! Will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 17 2008 	Loved the location but no Timmy's within walking distance	As soon as we got up to our floor, we noticed dirty bedding piled sporadically along the hallway (this was a normal sight for the two nights we were there). Our room smelled funny, and in the kitchenette, a drawer was stuck open, the carpeting was gross and had holes here and there where nails stuck out, our tv was scratchy most of the time, and the shower leaked.The breakfast felt like running the gauntlet, and the coffee was like nothing I'd ever tasted before; and hope never to again. We had asked the concierge directions to the Metro and to a Tim Hortons, and both times we were misdirected. Timmy's lovers beware! Once you taste the coffee provided, you'll want to find the closest one!But over all, I can't complain too much. The beds were comfy, and the air conditioner worked well...Recommended for those who won't stay in their rooms very much, and the bonus being close to China Town and Old Port.	
Aug 17 2008 	Excellent	We booked this hotel based on reviews from here. We used our AAA card and got a 1 bedroom suite for $144 a night. The room was excellent and huge. It was like living in an apartment or a condo. The room was very clean with no problems at all. The staff was very nice as well. Will stay here again.	
Aug 5 2008 	Great location a bit shabby	Our family of five stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in downtown Montreal for three nights.The pros:-- Excellent location, within easy walking distance to the old city, the metro, many restaurants, Chinatown, etc.-- Our two-bedroom suite was very large, with a separate living room and kitchen.-- Comfortable beds, good shower (though hot water ran low after three or four showers).-- Suite was clean.The cons:-- Needs better maintenance. Down the length of the hallway, the baseboard trim had been removed and the wallpaper was curling and tearing. There was no sign it was being repaired. In our room, a closet latch was broken and hanging off the wall. Not the kind of condition you expect at this price.	
Jun 7 2008 	Good all suites hotel in great location	Excellent location, very comfy beds, nice large suites, breakfast was very good, plentiful and typical American. Hotel valet service was also very good. Reception staff was quite rude and not helpful.Would definitely stay again at this hotel.	
May 23 2008 	Excellent value great staff	Very pleased with this hotel. Convenient location, in walking distance from the old town - ideal for tourists. Three of us (a couple plus a single friend) were travelling together, so we called ahead to check if the suite had privacy between the bedroom and the living room/sofa bed area. I don't know if it was this phone call that made the difference but we were given a huge suite with completely separate bedroom, large kitchen/living area (see picture) large bathroom and loads of closet space - all this at a very reasonable cost. The room had all we needed - our only regret was that we could only stay one night. We were particularly impressed by the friendliness of all the staff, especially those on the front desk and the guys on the door responsible for valet parking. All of them went out of their way to help us with maps, directions, suggestions for sights and restaurants etc. If we go back to Montreal, we'll certainly stay here.	
Jan 17 2008	Nice city - Good Hotel	We liked montreal very much. This hotel was ok price, clean and good location. Staff was nice too.	
Jan 10 2008 	Good	I found the reviews here at TripAdvisor quite helpful. I booked the two rooms directly through HI 800 number and asked for two rooms together, one a suite and one double, however, the rooms were separated by the elevators and not adjoining as requested. Not a problem for me but if the other room was going to be for my kids then I would have been livid since one only finds out about the problem after payment, check-in, etc.The hotel location is central and the secure indoor parking is worth it considering you still have your car in the morning. It was winter and we didn't have to worry about the snow removal problems that were encountered after a major storm went through.Breakfast was very good. Lots of variety even when we arrived a little late for the posted times. Well stocked buffet and nice staff all around.Rooms were nice and clean, good size and suite even had a dishwasher. Hallways were a little shabby. We were 7th floor and it was nice and quiet.	
Nov 27 2007 	Loved it!!!	Excellent hotel,pretty good location,very clean,looks like new,huge room,awesome bed.My only complaint was with the location of the toilet bowl at the bathroom which was extremely close to the wall.I do not have a logical explanation for this detail since the bathroom is quite big.The bell boys are very nice,especially the Cuban guy.You have to pay about $20 for valet parking which is reasonable if you take into consideration that parking meters cost $5 per hour.In addition they keep the cars at a closed garage and in the morning tha car is brought to you very warm.Would definitely go back to this HI Express.	
Nov 1 2007	Defnitely recommened	I stayed here in October 2007 for two nights. I was extremely pleased with this hotel. The staff were incredibly nice and helpful, the location is close to the Palais de Congres, where I had a conference, and the price was very reasonable. The rooms are huge, because they're suites. I had two queen beds in one room, a kitchenette, and another room with a sleeper sofa. Lots of space. I definitely recommend this hotel.There were two negatives that subtract from my rating just a bit: First, the beds were not great; the mattresses were a little lumpy and could stand replacement. Second, it was a bit noisy. There was no noise from adjacent rooms, but the refrigerator in the kitchennetee was noisy when it went on, and the hotel is on a fairly busy street. It was mostly quiet enough at night, but (very loud) construction outside started up around 7:30am.	
Oct 25 2007 	Nice clean inexpensive hotel	I've stayed at a number of hotels in Montreal with mixed success. This trip, I was just in town for one night and wanted a cheap place to stay. So, I used Priceline, and received a rate at the 2.5* Holiday Inn Express for $65. I was hoping for something a little nicer, but in the end, the HI Express was just fine for this little trip.Check-in was quick and friendly, I was told about the breakfast times and that there was a business centre with free internet (very handy). Also free wireless in the rooms.The room itself was on the 6th floor - a nice suite with a balcony and kitchen - much more than what I was expecting. Nothing was luxury, but everything was comfortable and clean. The bed was firm but comfortable, and the shower had one of those big showerheads that I love.The breakfast in the morning was ample, if you like carbs - none of the hot items that I've seen at other HI Expresses (eggs, sausages) were available. Otherwise, it was ample, with lots of cereals, bagels, waffles, juices etc. Lots of seating too.Overall, a nice middle-of-the-road hotel. It's location on Rene Levesque is close to lots, but on a fairly uninteresting street. A few blocks to Ste Catherine shopping, near Chinatown, and a 15 minute walk from Old Montreal. This hotel is good, nothing exceptional, but for the price is good value for money.	
Oct 23 2007	OK for your first visit to Montreal	I selected this hotel based on previous experiences with HIE and was a bit disappointed. The location is OK - you can walk to several good areas within 10 minutes but there is little to nothing close to the hotel. Be warned the hotel is not 'all suites'. I booked through a 3rd party website and that was root of my bad experience there. I was given a non-suite room on the 3rd floor - a smoking floor, not my preference. If you like smoking the 3rd floor is for you. Not only does it reek of smoke, during my stay there were cigarette butts in the hallway for two days. The staff was friendly enough but did remind me twice that I didn't book directly with the hotel. I was a second class citizen. The buffet breakfast was great except for a busy Sunday morning when they were overwhelmed and broke down everything 2 hours before finishing time. I guess they ran dry. It was OK for my first time to Montreal in terms of location but I won't be staying there again.	
Oct 16 2007 	Great location great value	We stayed three nights in September 2007 at the Holiday Inn Express, located approx. 500m northwest of Place Jacques-Cartier in Old Montreal and 1 km northeast of Downtown. All attractions are in perfect walking distance. If you like to take the metro, its just 300m to the station Champ-de-Mars. Valet parking cost 16.75 CAD extra. Check-in was friendly and efficient. We had a clean, comfortable and surprisingly large-sized queen bed suite, with a separated kitchen and living room. Our quiet room #820 had a tiny balcony with a view towards Old Montreal. The complimentary breakfast was good . They offered toast, English muffins, juice, fruits, cereals, cheese, boiled eggs, cake etc.. However, there were not always enough seats. All in all a great place to stay.	
Sep 1 2007 	Good Value	We booked a 2 room suite, using Visa points and their travel agent, which worked out to just over $160 with parking and taxes. The bedroom had a firm queen sized bed, the kitchen/livingroom had a comfortable sofa bed. All furnishings were a bit dated, but clean. Our room 720 had a balcony with a view of Montreal towards the harbour. The kitchen does not have a stove, only a microwave. The room was quiet, and we did not hear any neighbours or the traffic. The AC is a window type, and worked well. All windows opened. There are 2 computers with internet access that you can get to with your hotel key, but they were quite busy. There's a laundromat $2 each for washer/dryer/soap. Breakfast was plentiful and included fresh fruit, but no meat or waffle maker. It was difficult to find a free table to use. The only drawback was the valet parking - totally unnecessary since the hotel has underground parking. The valets took our only key, so we had to bother them whenever we needed something from our vehicle. Everyone was friendly, spoke English and were very helpful. We liked the location, in between the port park and sites, and Mt. Royal and the underground mall and city centre. We did have to walk by a strippers joint which is around the corner, but never felt unsafe. China town is very close by too.	
Aug 31 2007 	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for two nights and it was a great place to stay. It was within easy walking distance of the main streets of downtown and it was very easy to get to the metro from the hotel so we had access to any attraction we wanted to go to. It was also only a short walk away from the greyhound station, making it easy to walk with our luggage to the hotel.The rooms were very good and a very reasonable price. Upon arriving we found that our room, instead of being a small single room as we expected, was actually a full suit with a second lounge room and a small kitchen. The entire hotel was very clean and the continental breakfast was not bad either.The hotel staff were very helpful and informative. They gave us clear directions to any place we asked of them, and were very knowledgeable about all the attractions in the city and were able to give us recommendations of where to go. They also were very quick to help out with any special requests for your room (i.e. a second set of sheets).Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Montreal due to its knowledgeable staff, great value, comfortable accommodations and great location.	
Aug 9 2007 	Great location comfortable suite	We stayed 2 nights here and the location was perfect - 10 mins walk from the riverfront, 2 mins to Chinatown and about 5 mins to the old town.Suite is large enough for 2 adults and 2 teenagers, bedroom a bit small and hot as only aircon in living room, bathroom fine, kitchen very big with all the facilities. Nice Balcony overlooking old town towards the river.Complimentary breakfast was OK - not a great choice but food was fresh.Staff were very helpful.	
Jul 15 2007	great value location	Got this through hotwire for about $80/nt, including taxes. At first, I was surprised that a Holiday Inn Express was rated 3 stars. Upon arrival, the check-in was friendly and efficient. When we got to our room, we were extremely surprised. A true 1BR suite with a separate living/kitchen area. The kitchen had a full fridge/freezer and a nuker, a breakfast counter; the living area had a couch, comfy chair, coffee table and TV. We also had a tiny balcony (used only to check out the outside temperature. The breakfasts were not as good as La Quinta, but the coffee was GREAT! I'm convinced if the plastic bathroom cups were glass and the name changed to Hyatt, people would pay an additional $75 and be happy. A great choice!	
Jul 14 2007 	Reliable HI Express	We stayed at the HI Express in Montreal during the period 09-13 Jul 07. This hotel is your standard Hi Express, but offers a laundry service, a small business centre with 2 computers and your standard breakfast of toast, cereal, tea, coffee &amp; juice. All the staff are very friendly and helpful, as are the valet service members. Parking the car can be a problem as the hotel is located on the main road Rene Levesque and parking for the car to arrange the valet to park the car can at times be difficult, particularly during the period 1600 - 1700 hrs due to parking inspectors on the prowl.The room was of a very good standard, which contained a small kitchenette consisting of a medium sized fridge, microwave, sink etc. The bed was firm and comfortable and the bathroom of a decent size, with the water pressure being very good. The hotel is located near Chinatown, a 5 min walk and downtown a 10-15 min walk, depending on where you are heading.	
Jul 11 2007 	Exceeded Expectations!	Listen to the reviews that you read on TripAdvisor about this hotel!That's what my husband and I did back in January. We were looking for an inexpensive hotel that would give us a comfortable night in Montreal. That's exactly what we got, and more. For just over $100 we got a beautiful - and clean! - suite, with fridge, microwave, living room, separate bedroom with queen bed, and large bathroom. Better yet, they offer an excellent free breakfast that was well-stocked in a nice dining room. This hotel would be great if you have a family or you're on a budget that doesn't fit a boutique hotel.	
Jul 8 2007	Great Family Hotel	As a family we stayed here for a few days during the Jazz Festival Week and Canada Day. Jul 2-3. My family enjoyed it very much. Everything is within walking distance. St. Catherine shopping, Underground Shopping Mall, Old Port, Old Montreal, Chinatown, Notre Dame Basilica. Get the standard suite, you won't be disappointed. It is very comfortable and spacious. There is also continental breakfast ( pretty decent variety) in the morning. We would definately come back another time. There is valet parking at an extra cost. Also, try the jet boating at Old Port, the kids age 10-18 loved it!	
Jul 5 2007 	Not a bad spot	Just back from the Montreal Jazz Festival. We chose this hotel because my sister and her husband were supposed to join us with their 9 month old son (in their own room). We thought it would be a good place for people with kids in tow. They were unable to join us but the hotel did not disappoint. As advertised, our room was a suite or more appropriately a small apartment. The bedroom was a decent size with TV cabinet, night stands and closet. The bedding was nice, although the mattress a bit soft. The bathroom was typical Holiday Inn, nothing fancy -- bring your own soap if you hate those mini bars of soap. The kitchen was great - full sized fridge, microwave, sink and dishwasher. There were dishes, plates, glasses, silverware, etc. The living room was a decent size w/ couch, desk, chair and another TV. The heating/cooling system took some getting used to but we managed as we needed both during our stay. The staff was reasonably pleasant. The housekeepers were very nice and the room was kept nice and clean. All in all, no complaints. Not fancy but perfectly acceptable and great location from St. Catherine Street where the main festival activities were located. Walking distance for most downtown attractions including Old Montreal and Chinatown. Some side streets a little shabby w/ strip joints, etc. but stay on the main streets to avoid if that's not your cup of tea. Enjoy!	
Jun 18 2007 	Great for the price	The hotel is located at the far eastern end of the downtown strip, between St. Laurent and St. Denis. While this end of downtown isn't as posh as the more western end, it is perfectly safe. As a result of the location, the hotel is cheaper than most downtown hotels, but this shouldn't bother an average tourist who will find it close to Old Montreal and the vibrant Rue St. Denis. The hotel hallways are a little rundown but the rooms are immaculate -- nicely furnished with high end linens, clean, and, a bonus for families, a small kitchenette for breakfast and lunches. The staff are extremely courteous. The complimentary breakfast is a cut above the usual continental with hard boiled eggs, a variety of cereals and toasts, coffee, fruit, pastries and juice. Very good value for the money.	
Jun 14 2007 	Great location for all Montreal	I stayed here for the Canadian Grand Prix weekend. My third time in this wonderful city.This hotel is brilliant. It's clean and modern, with large bedrooms containing two double beds, and still with loads of space for you to move around in. The bathrooms are modern, well lit and very shiny too.There's a small pool, a sauna, and a small gym also.The Metro station is just across the street corner at Place d'Armes, so the whole city is easy to get to if you do not fancy walking. If you do want to walk, turn left and within five or ten minutes you can be in Old Montreal or down at the port. Both are very nice areas. The other way towards the modern vibrant parts of Montreal, and the underground shopping is a longer walk, but it's still easily witin reach. There are always taxis waiting outside for you if you wish.All told, I would describe this place as a very good business class hotel that would also suit tourists looking for a good comfortable base to see the wonderful city.	
Jun 5 2007 	No worries at all	The staff couldn't be nicer. Free Breakfast Buffet was tasty. Parkingis expensive, but it is anytime you park at a hotel in a metroplitan city. Location was fine, it's a block off St Catherine, and sure there are some bums and other &quot;interesting&quot; folk, but they're everywhere in Montreal.We had a suite... separate bedroom and a fold out couch in another room. Both were fine. Nice kitchen too. Hotel is about 2 minutes by foot away from Chinatown, 5 minutes away from Old Montreal and the Latin Quarter.Highly recommended..no complaints at all.	
Jun 2 2007 	Great locatio great hotel	This hotel is located in the ideal area. It is so very close to Old Montreal, we walked there one evening, and enjoye it. Downtown, the heart of downtown, is only a couple blocks away, everything is walking distance. Shopping is an abundance, St. Cathrine Street is only two blocks up. The hotel is very clean and nice. We stayed in a one bedroom suite, it was very cozy. The bedroom was smaller then I expected, however, my in-laws had a bigger bedroom. Also the coach is sleeper sofa, so it converts to bed for another bed if need. The room had a fridge, a sink, cabinets, and microwave, coffee maker, and an electric kettle for hot water, no stove. Our room had a small balcony outlooking the major street, but traffic noise was not a problem, of course sirens could be heard if an ablunance drove by, but that happened once only during our stay. Our room was across the elevator, which was a downside, because people tend to be loud in the hallway, and while they way for the elevator, so sometimes you could hear people. The other downside to our stay, was roudy teenagers that stayed on our floor, they decided to go out at 12 am and were more then loud while they were leaving, and we could hear them outside. The breakfast was great, they had the same selection each morning, however, there was a lot to choose from. Mostly everyone spoke English, however, there were some employees, that were hard to understand their English. We booked from them a 3 hour tour, the night before we went, and its worth the money. The parking is a bit expensive, it was $14 per day. We would stay there again, if we ever come back to Montreal, I don't see the reason to spend much money of fancy hotel, when this is very clean, convinient, and very nice.	
May 18 2007 	ideal location	We stayed for one night in May 07.We booked the day before and arrived late morning to enquire if we could leave luggage and car to avoid further parking costs. To our pleasant surprise we were booked in and given a room straight away.Surprisingly the room was a suite with kitchen and seating area etc. It was very clean and roomy. The breakfast was good and plentiful with alot of choice for a continentalThe staff were a mine of information and very willing to help especially the valet parking attendent we would have missed places if it was not for him.The location is ideal for the old town.Down side is the cost of parking	
Apr 6 2007 	Wow	I visited Montreal with my boyfriend and a friend. I booked this hotel for the free continental breakfast. When we arrived we were amazed by how big the room (better said: apartment) was. The room has a walk-in closet, huge bed, huge space. The living room has a big space as well. It has a big kitchen and dining table for 3. It was the cleanest hotel I have stayed in a long time. The service was awesome too, as well as the breakfast (simple, but good). I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone! As for the area, it is located in downtown, close to many amenities and chinatown. The area around wasn't so nice, but it was more or less the same around downtown too. A lot of homeless people and punk kinds. One final thing: you will not be able to buy alcohol at a store after 11pm.	
Mar 17 2007 	Great Place to Stay	Great price, room and location. The Suite we stayed in was larger than we thought it would be. I thought the location was good, not in the heart of the city but if your willing to walk then this place is great. We walked all around the city from the hotel but then again we don't mind walking. I would recommend staying here if you want a clean nice place that is affordable and in a good location.	
Mar 1 2007 	Exceptionnal value great service	Rooms are large and very comfortable. Looks like it was redecorated very recently. Separate bedroom, kitchenette and full size fridge, microwave are very practical. Might not be the funkiest spot in town, but close to everything. Staff was always friendly and efficient. Strongly recommended.	
Jan 14 2007	Almost perfect	We loved the separate bedroom! The kids slept on the pull-out couch in the living room and we stayed up later in the bedroom. It was also great to have a kitchenette. We ordered take-out, which was so convenient with small children. The breakfast is also fabulous -- we all love their cinnamon rolls. The only problem is no pool. But other than that, everything was great.	
Jan 9 2007 	NEw Years Eve 2006	My husband &amp; I and another couple stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for New Years Eve. We found the hotel to be very centrally located,our suite was very clean and the staff was friendly. We stayed on the 7th floor and had a wonderful view. This was our 2nd time staying in Montreal ( the first on our honeymoon in 2000) and we will return again possibly in the spring or summer. I would definetly stay at this property again.	
Nov 27 2006 	how do they do it	whenever I have the opportunity to stay at a holiday inn express I take it and have yet to be dissapointed. The rooms at this location are huge. It has a mini kitchen with an almost full size fridge, sink, and microwave. The bed was more than comfy. The bathroom(very important for me) was roomy and extremely clean.The view from the hotel room was not great but the room was quiet and hey if I want the view i'll head up to the top of mount royal.The continental breakfast downstairs was above average for quality and quantity of food. the eating area was big enough that my morning paper was read in peace.The area of the city is not the nicest in montreal but you are within waking distance(not winter) to many attractions. old montreal, place des arts, palais de congress. Montreal pool room(fantastic steamed hot dogs and poutines).China town.Once the sun goes down the hotel is located in the part of town that is alittle seedy. even though montreal is a safe city some people might find it uncomfortable walking around, but the 24 hr doormen will be more than willing to call you a taxi to whisk you away to the city's neon lights. The hotel is very secure and at no time were there any issue with security. In the winter china town is walking distance as well as old montreal but most other spots of the city would be a taxi or metro ride. My only complaint if you want to call it that was the fact that the parking was limited and you pretty much had to use the valet parking which ran at 16.75 a day plus taxes, after 4 days it added up.The value of this hotel was great..location...service...clean....big rooms..and very well priced, I don't think you get a much better deal on the island of montreal.	
Nov 6 2006 	Convenient location for sightseeing.	A comfortable, conveniently located hotel with friendly staff.	
Oct 25 2006 	As good as everyone says	Expected the hotel to be good after reading the reviews - lived up to expectations and more!! Have stayed at many 'Expresses' and this was the best by miles. Staff were friendly, helpful, difficult to find anything on the downside! I noticed there have been comments about the area being seedy, I guess those writing that have led very sheltered lives - it's better than many inner city areas I've stayed in in North America. We were out very late most evenings and never felt threatened we were just aware as anyone should be out late at night in a city. There were a very few beggars on Ste Catherine but we were never approached, and all seemed young and friendly, mainly displaying boards for funds to buy 'weed' - full marks for honesty!!	
Oct 4 2006 	Still a good deal.	I first stayed at this hotel in 2003 when it was Hotel Suites Le Faubourg. This property is now partially owned by Holiday Inn. I have made 5 returns to this property, including most recently in October 2006, all staying at Holiday Inn Express rooms. ROOMSThese rooms are clean and spacious. It comes with a small kitchen area with a refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, sink, bottle opener, and lots of empty cupboard space. Some have plates, cutlery and cups, otherwise they'll send you styro-plates and plastic cutlery. There is a small eating area with bar stools. The entertainment/office area is nice, with a 27&quot; TV and nice furniture (sofa-bed, chair, ergonomic office chair, desk, lamps, end tables, and entertainment stand). Separate bedroom is nice and large, with a closet, entertainment stand with 32&quot; TV, alarm clock, and night tables. Bathroom is nice, roomy, clean, and bright. Hall closet has an ironing board and iron. The internet worked well. Request a balcony, they are nice and overlook Old Montreal. Don't expect to get one, make sure you request it!COMPLIMETARY BREAKFASTIt's decent, and starts the day off right. Coffee, tea, hot chocolate, milk, cream, 3 kinds of juices (apple, orange, and cranberry), waffles, boiled eggs, small muffins, cinnamon rolls, bananas, grapefruit, 3 kinds of cereals, toast, and more. If you want to spend money go to Chez Cora's on St. Catharine.LOCATIONGreat location, as long as your mission isn't to drink the night away on Rue Crescent. It's close to Old Montreal (10 minute walk), close to the Eaton Centre (20 minute walk), close to 2 Metro stations, Chinatown (a couple blocks), and the Latin Quarter (15 minutes north on St. Denis). About a 25 minute walk to Rue Crescent for those who hunger the Toronto crowd. OVERALLHoliday Inn Express Centre Ville provides good value, however if you are staying for more than a few days, or enjoy having a full kitchen with a stove, head on over right next door to Les Suites Faubourg St. Laurent. It's the same building, same rooms, same amenities, same valet parking rates, and even the same furniture in many cases. Rates appear to be about the same. However Les Suites Faubourg St. Laurent rooms come with stoves, for those who enjoy cooking once in a while. That's what I enjoyed most when I first stay at this property 3 years ago prior to Holiday Inn, and I will give it a try once again on my next trip to Montreal. For those who do enjoy cooking, head west on Blvd. Rene Levesque for a 7-10 minute walk to the IGA for food and drinks.Reference Links - Holiday Inn Centre Ville - [--]Les Suites Faubourg St. Laurent - [--]	
Aug 28 2006 	Great suite hotel big rooms flies on breakfast	Excellent, big suite rooms, digital TV services with latest movies available via 2 TV's (bedroom or living room), big bathroom with all the supplies and plenty of towels. . you don't wanna leave the room!!!The location is not that good, we found nothing of major interest nearby. The streets near the hotel didn't seem that safe either. Plenty of dirty back alleys with a bum or two begging for money.Our good standard breakfast experience seemed to invite all too many insects to the table, as they kept gathering over the plates for the whole time we were there. There were none of these in the guestrooms, so something could be made to correct the situation.	
Aug 27 2006 	Roomy suite with saggy double sofa bed in the living room	The Holiday Inn Express at Centre-Ville is located on Rene Levesque near St. Laurent. We were automatically upgraded to a suite from a room with 2 queens, though the suite had a queen in one bedroom and a pullout double sofa bed in the living room. The sofa bed sadly sagged. Our suite faced the inner courtyard and was quiet. The air conditioning unit is very quiet and is located in the living room. The suite was clean and well maintained. The room was clean and relatively large. The internet is by ethernet cable, so make sure you bring your RJ-45 cable unless you want to work in the lobby area with wireless. The suite has two 27&quot; televisions and a kitchen area. The kitchen is a full kitchen, as the suite was designed to be a one bedroom apartment. The kitchen has a full size refrigerator, sink and dishwasher but no stove. There is a microwave. The staff is friendly and bilingual, though they do push too hard to get you to have your GST refunded automatically for a $7 charge. You can apply for the refund yourself for free. The free continental breakfast is pretty good with a good choice of breads, muffins and their cinnamon rolls, fruit, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, cereal and drinks. The drinks are too watery, and the branded smart roast coffee is too bitter. But then again, its almost free.  The location is near Chinatown and the Latin Quarter. But beware to the north and east are the adult areas that attract a seedier bunch though it did not feel unsafe to walk there during the day before dark. Old Montreal is to the south and about 5-10 minutes away. Parking is valet only and about $17/day. You don't want to park elsewhere and be careful not to park in the hotel zone only between 3-6 pm on weekdays on Rene-Levesque. Be careful driving in Montreal as the traffic is really bad with one way streets and no left turns during heavy traffic hours. Walk whenever you can.	
Aug 17 2006 	Good value for a suite	The fact that we were in a suite really made our stay worthwhile. For the price of a room consisting of a bedroom and bathroom, you also get a little living room, kitchenette with breakfast bar, and a terrace. It was great. Though we stayed inside one night due to torrential rains, our time spent indoors felt like we were in an arpartment instead of stuck in a bedroom. A Metro stop, St Laurent and St Catherine Streets are close by, though the immediate area, while not unsafe, is 'blah'. The portable a/c units were different, but functional and easy to deal with. Service was efficient and very friendly. The valet parking was reasonable. Overall a great value.	
Aug 7 2006	Great Family Value for Money	Very family friendly! Spacious, clean, quiet!My husband, my 3-year-old daughter and I just returned from Montreal. We travel often to Montreal for long weekends, visiting festivals, family &amp; friends, and have stayed at several hotels in the downtown area. We especially like accessibility to pound the pavement, walk within the downtown core, near St. Catherines.This past weekend, we decided at the last minute to travel stay over Saturday and Sunday, and couldn't find a hotel room anywhere, even in any of our previous choices. So, I hesitantly chose the Holiday Inn Express- Centre Ville, based on other Trip Advisor reviews, and , because it was available! As others said -- clean, clean, clean!For anyone with young kids at hotels, you learn a couple of things....1) Don't really need elegant lobby areas with marble, fancy upholstery, and priceless antiques. 2) Do need space, elbow room, so it was really great to have a separate bedroom (really a junior one-bedroom apt) to put them to bed, and still give the parents a place to put your feet up and have a drink at night! The kitchen is a godsend, full-size fridge, microwave, bar stools, and a real kettle, not just coffeemaker, is great to have as we usually travel with some food items, order in food, fix some late-night snacks, or carry medicines.3) Let someone else struggle to park underground (valet - fixed daily rate) with your overloaded vehicle 3x/day while you schlep upstairs with kids is another godsend! Valets carted up bicycles, strollers, and other wheels to the front door in no time flat!4) Great closet space, two full closets &amp; large bathroom5) Don't need a big fancy $30 hotel breakfast for an egg &amp; bacon strip, your family needs their own favourites - included!6) Not just a family-friendly hotel, lots of diversity in the guests from the US &amp; beyond, couples, partners, all visitors!7) QUIET QUIET QUIET for sleeping at night ! Long weekend!Very few downsides -- if any:a) No swimming pool, but do have fitness centre &amp; internet b) No &quot;view&quot; to speak of, but we're familiar with Montreal and got our viewing in each &amp; every day. Will definitely make this our #1 Montreal choice for next few years!	
Jul 30 2006 	Convinient and good value	Stayed here for 4 nights, got a suite as standard and asked for and got a room with a view of the old town. Suite was roomy and had all the necessary facilites. Staff very helpful and friendly. In terms of location its central but inbetween areas so although there isnt much but other hotels and offices immediately around its around 5min walk to Town Hall and old town, about 10mins to Latin Quarter. Nearest Metro is Champs de Mars about 5mins away. I found the continental breakfast provided ok and having free broadband access in room was very convinient too. I had no trouble with noise as described by previous posts and I did stay a fri and sat night which is when I most expected to have these problems but maybe i was just lucky. With reference to the comments about the clubs etc in the area they are not directly near the hotel so unless you go out looking you probably won`t see anything. Only bad point was there was a fire evacuation on the last night I was there but of course that could happen anywhere. Overall I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 12 2006	Great value great location	This hotel is in a fairly new building that was designed to have full apartments, not hotel rooms. This is a good thing. The building is concrete and very sound proof. Each room has its own hot water tank and apartment sized seperate kitchen (although most of the rooms lake a stove), they have a microwave, sink and fridge.The hotel is located only a couple blocks from Old Montreal (to the South),Chinatown (to the South-West), and downtown business district (to the West). Everything is walking distance. No need to bring a car.The Camp-De-Mars Metro (subway) station is two blocks to the East and one block to the South from the hotel, (if my memory serves me right anyway), which is easy walking distance.The hotel is on a major thrufare, Blvd Rene-Levesque Est, which has plenty of cabs too. My room was facing on to the inner courtyard, and it had thick double panel windows so I heard no traffic noise even on the 7th floor.This hotel uses floors 1 through 8 and 9-14 are used as apartments (who use a seperate side enterance and elevator).Service is exceptional and this is by far the best hotel I've stayed at... and it was cheaper than a lot!No flaws for my perfect vacation in Montreal (until I stayed at that awful Aeroport-Montreal Holiday Inn that is!).	
Jul 10 2006	Safe and Clean	We arrived one day late to stay at our hotel and there was no problem (since Air Canada cancelled our flight to Montreal). We stayed in a one-bedroom room where my 4 year old son and I slept in the queen bed and husband opened up the sofa bed. There were 2 tv's and it was very roomy. The air conditioner is only in the bedroom, which stayed very cool, but the rest of the room was a bit warm, but we opened up the screen doors. No balconies, which is fine, because too scary with kids! The free breakfast every morning was great (ask for a tray and bring it all to your room) and coffee all day long. It is situated very close to Old Montreal and the Science Center - great for kids. Safe and clean. We used the washers and dryers also. The staff were very friendly. I'd stay there again!	
Jun 25 2006	Nice hotel superb jumping-off point sketchy location.	I want to preface my review by saying that my husband and I have traveled all over the world for both business and pleasure staying in hostels, dumpy motels, 4 and 5 star hotels as well as B&amp;Bs. The Holiday Inn Express was very clean, gave a generous sized room (I was told that there were queen beds only throughout hotel so if you need a King, you might want to call) complete with kitchenette, had a well supplied free breakfast, offered free high-speed internet in every room, had nice new furniture in the room (2006) and a helpful staff (with the exception of check-in when we arrived at 2:45pm and were told to wait in the lobby until 3pm because that's when check-in started...just silly). I would stay in the hotel again although I would prefer a room in Old Montreal.You might be saying to yourself...but when I search Tripadvisor for hotels in Old Montreal, this hotel is listed. This hotel is not in Old Montreal by any stretch of the imagination. It is a solid 15 minute walk to the heart of Old Montreal (a ten minute walk to the edge of Old Montreal). Of course, this hotel is a block away from Chinatown and since my husband and I are die hard dim sum and bun fanatics, we were in heaven. Back to location information though.Holiday Inn Express is indeed convenient like the other reviews mention. It is only two blocks to the Metro station and a good jumping-off point because of its central location if you are walking to various tourist destinations in the city.If you are not a seasoned traveler or have small children, I think you will take offense to this particular location because of the red-light and club/party district which is directly behind the hotel. Sex shops line this end of Blvd. St. Laurent as well as the nearby section of Rue Ste. Catherine. There is a sketchy skateboard park attracting some seedy characters a block behind the hotel as well as hookers along Boulevard St. Laurent once you hit Rue Ste. Catherine. We also saw the XXX billboard truck circling the neighborhood over and over again and parents with children who can read may not want to have to explain things like this or have their children eyeing the sex toys that are displayed in store windows on your walk to the Metro station. Did I feel safe? Yes. Anyone who has traveled to NYC or similarly large cities is used to this sort of thing and these types of characters and it probably won't faze them. I would feel a bit uncomfortable walking back from the Metro Station after dark, but certainly not to and from Old Montreal after dark. The area doesn't get dicey until after you cross Blvd. Rene-Levesque.Oh, one last hint, ask for a room in the rear of the hotel because while the view of Old Montreal is surely spectacular, Blvd. Rene-Levesque is a very busy and noisy road. We were on the side towards the rear on the 8th floor and could still hear loud cars, horns and motorcycles during the night. I was thankful that I read this tip from another user and took it to heart. I thought it was worth mentioning again.	
Jun 11 2006	Location 	This is a standout pick for lodging in downtown montreal for two reasons.First location: The hotel it is kitty-corner to a Metro (subway) stop so you have a launching pad to go most anywhere. From this metro location, you also have underground walking access that will lead you to closeby Complex Dejardin (one of the downtown enlosed malls) and also the Place Des Arts concert facility. Of course you can just walk outside up to the closeby main shopping street (St. Catherines) as well . You are also right next door to the Chinatown strip. It's really a great location!Next, value: If you have an entertainment card, you can get a great price through the Holiday Inn website. I paid about $US 80 a night (plus taxes), for a Saturday stay, without the hassles of priceline/hotwire. I suspect you cannot beat that value for downtown stay.As for the Hotel itself, I had a room with a king King bed, and the rooms were extremely large and also clean. Beds were very comfortable. (my only quibble is the pillows were too thick/fat - but I have the same issue in most Hotels - must be me)The Hotel lobby is also fairly attractive with oriental themes.I can see why this Hotel is rated so highly on tripadvisor.	
May 28 2006	Wonderful Time on Honeymoon!	Hi ! We just spent our Honeymoon here on May 15-20, 06. We were treated very nicely at all time by the staff!. We had a fire arlam on Thur. nite about 8:00pm and the lack of info from the staff on duty was a bit disconcerting,(turned out to be burnt pizza) but the Fire Dept. was promt and efficent. We had a 1 bedroom suite w/Balconey overlooking Old Town Montreal. It was large with a full kitchen w/breakfast bar w/stools and a living room area w/couch and chair, Desk w/chair, 2 TV's, 2 HUGE closets and more storage area than you can use in a week!. All you need to bring is your table service!. This is the most centrally located hotel you could find in town. We walked by most of the expensive boutique hotels and for the money YOU can't go wrong with this location! Restaruants, Grocery store, Shops!. We walked everywhere and saw everything on foot except our trip to Mt. Royal and driving around the city and suburbs. The area was very nice!. We walked at all times of the day and night and always felt safe!!!. I don't know about the people who wrote the negative review, but we felt FAR SAFER than we do at home. The town is much smaller that it sound!. The walks are easy to anywhere and we had rain everyday!. The only disapointment was the rain and lack of a crowd to make those area that needed it alive. Many place in Old Town were closed all week due to the rain!. This is the place to go to set up your base for a great visit!. A GREAT LOCATION!!!!. WE WILL RETURN AGAIN!	
May 22 2006	Okay Not Great	Overall the hotel was alright for the price paid. While there was air conditioning in the living area, we were disappointed that the bedroom, a seperate area, was no air conditioned. Noise level was very loud at the hotel. The hotel's reasonable prices and proximity to Sainte Catherine Street make it a popular choice for young people heading up to Montreal for partying. There was constant partying in the rooms next to us and in the hallways, and hotel was reluctant and/or unable to do anything about it. A big plus was it's location very close to Old Montreal and Saint Denis Streets, two locations that contain some of the best restaurants in the city.	
May 8 2006	Not bad	I stayed here for the weekend and enjoyed it.I pre-paid ($99) for the room on the HI website about 3 or 4 weeks beforehand and saved about 20% .The rooms all have kitchens with a microwave, dishwasher and full-size fridge. (No cutlery or dishes). There is a grocery store at the complexe Desjardins a couple of blocks away (also you can park there to save some money over the hotel's parking).Included breakfast is fine.Some others have mentioned the neighbourhood - the street the hotel is on is fine.. it is just a stretch of St. Catherine north of the hotel and a short stretch of nearby St. Laurent that looks sketchy (Regardless, Montreal is a safe place). You shouldn't be concerned about this.Staff was a mixed bag - the woman who checked me in was completely blas, the man who assisted me later was very friendly and helpful.For the price I paid, I am quite satisfied.	
Apr 21 2006	I'd stay here again.	We've just returned from a holiday in Quebec, 4 days of which were in Montreal at this hotel. Upon arrival we (husband, son and I) were upgraded to a suite, with full sized fridge, microwave, a kitchen sink, and separate bedroom. Very clean and quiet; the staff is excellent; the concierge very helpful. Best of all was the free breakfast every morning which was plentiful and served in a big, sunny room. We walked to the old city from our hotel; also to the underground shopping mall at Place Ville Marie (8-9 blocks) and to the metro (around 3 blocks) to get to Centre Bell and Olympic Park. The only downer was the number of panhandlers we saw in the vicinity of the hotel, they were always there, but never in our face. Highly recommended!	
Apr 4 2006	Clean friendly and affordable.	Date: March 22-26Mary: Maine, USAHotel is clean, staff is very friendly, we paid $99 American, included breakfast. Room was very spacious with two double beds and kitchette. We weren't there for the atmosphere so really didn't care about our view. Parking is $16 canadian.My friend and I needed a clean, affordable hotel stay as we had appointments for Lasik eye surgery. We wanted to be close to the clinic, but needed to save money,as Lasik is not cheap. The Clinic being on Rene-Levesque at 1250 and the hotel being at 155, just seemed appropriate and with the other reviews and the price, worked out perfectly. There is a Metro stop(2.50 canadian)close by, which is very clean. We were told to not walk down Rue de St. Laurent at night (red-light district) but felt okay during the day. Grocery store very close in Chinatown. Concierge recommended a good breakfast place called Le Avenue a bit away from the hotel but very worth it, menu is in french, but the wait staff speak english. Cab ride from Underground City to hotel is about $6-7 canadian. Give this hotel a try, you will not be disappointed.	
Mar 10 2006	Wonderful for holiday inn express!	First off, let me just say this is in a fine neighborhood. I felt safer in this neighborhood than in many neighborhoods in Boston. You could easily walk to Old Montreal, the grocery store (IGA), the Latin Quarter, and could easily catch a cab out in front of the hotel. As with any urban setting, I wouldn't recommend that one walk alone, but I would say the same to someone walking in the city in New York, Seattle, or San Francisco.It was really cold when we visited Montreal but we still felt comfortable and found it quite easy to walk from the hotel to different places in the city. The hotel valet parking was reasonable, especially considering that all guests have in and out priveleges and it is is affordable compared to other area hotels.We had a great queen suite room that was clean. When requested, the front desk provided disposable plates and silverware for us to eat our take out. If you are planning on eating a significant meal in your room make sure you bring your own dishes/materials. The staff was friendly and welcoming, and were eager to show us how to get places on a city map they provided. When the concierge didn't know where a small out of the way restaurant we were going to (recommended to us by locals), he called the restaurant and pinpointed it on the map. Overall the staff was very nice.The included breakfast was very comprehensive on the weekends, including &quot;toastable&quot; waffles, muffins, fruit, hard boiled eggs, cereal, bagels, english muffins, and more. The staff at breakfast was very prompt about replenishing breakfast supplies. On the weekdays there was less overall food but the same selection -- this was okay as there were less guests.We found the restaurant very easily. Just use map quest or drive down Rene Levesque and you should be able to find it. We asked for a high floor with a view and were given a great room on the 8th floor (the top hotel floor -- there are condos up on above floors). The only problem with the room was that it was really dry because Montreal was having a couple of dry, cold days. We had a great view of the old city though. It was wonderful.The price was great compared to other comparable places. We got an $85 USD deal for a queen suite room from the Holiday Inn website. Don't waste your money going somewhere else! Overall a great experience that I would recommend to anyone.	
Jan 28 2006	Great Deal Felt Like At Home	We recently came back from a trip to Canada where we visited Montreal &amp; Quebec City. We stayed in Montreal only a few days, but the hotel I booked there is definitely worth a recommendation to any of you, travelers. If you're looking for a neat and super clean, quiet hotel, which feels like home away from home, that's the place to be - Holiday Inn Express Hotel &amp; Suites MONTREAL CENTRE-VILLE. The staff is very friendly &amp; helpful, speaks English well. Check-in &amp; check-out were very fast. Indoor valet parking is available for CAD$10 per day and service is very fast and efficient too. We left skis on the car rack, we didn't have to worry about it. The suite is really large and very clean, looks very new and unused. Kitchenette - (kitchen furniture, fridge, microwave, coffee maker, electric kettle, no utensils or pots, pans though) with bar stools. Bathroom - bathtub - very clean - new curtains, soft &amp; easily absorbing water, 100% cotton towels, new massage Kohler showerhead, hair shampoo, body lotion &amp; hair conditioner (products by Lord &amp; Mayfair). Living room - cozy &amp; comfortable sofa and armchair, tv, internet, tv games option, paytv. Bedroom - so, so cozy, the most comfortable bed so far :-), huge closet, tv in a bedroom. Light in the suite is very soft and warm, lots of options to adjust it to your liking. Separate in the kitchen, living room, bedroom, entrance hallway. The furniture isn't tacky and is really made to use. So many hotels carry sofas or armchairs you don't even want to seat in, because they're uncomfortable. One more thing - it's so quiet - our suite (no.172 or 173 - 7th floor I think) had windows facing small street, no view though). The continental breakfast was a real breakfast (choice of teas, coffee, milk, juices, cereals, pancakes, choice of fresh bread, toasts, fresh fruit, boiled eggs, fresh muffins, jams, peanut butter, yoghurts etc.) Everything was delicious and fresh). Breakfast is served downstairs, at reservation desk floor, it looks like a little cafeteria with tv, there is a whole section where food is offered as buffet. There's also a lady to help if you need anything. I noticed they also have a gym room with treadmills, etc., but we haven't used it. There is no restaurant in the hotel - we had a problem with finding an open restaurant on Xmas Eve - most of the places were closed.I think the hotel was recently renovated. To me it looks like it was built recently. In one sentence - a great deal if you're looking for a moderate price hotel.Forgot to mention the price: I booked a 1 bedroom suite for the Christmas time, CAD$104 per night including continental breakfast. 1 bedroom suite accomodates up to 4 people I believe. Once you stay there, you get spoiled with the space. You go to another hotel where you've got only one room and bathroom, you want to go back .We had a great time, if planning another trip to Montreal, we don't have to worry about chosing hotel. Check the map of Montreal for tourist attractions - it's close to the Old Montreal and Chinatown, within walking distance to many places, metro is close &amp; convenient.If you have any questions please email me at aga-gallery@earthlink.net	
Dec 26 2005	not too easy to find	First impression:Nice hotel but not too easy to find. We passed the hotel several times without being able to see the entrance sign which is badly positioned. But eventually we got into the hotel and were quite happy with our spacious and well appointed room. Other reviews mentioned the neighborhood but to me its like a typical one for a big city. Old Montreal is only 5 minutes away by foot and the busy downtown (witch has some really shabby spots)can be reached in less than 10 minutes. the next metro station (e.g. for visiting the olympic stadium) is also just a short stroll away. So alltogether the holidy inn express is a good choice if you want to explore Montreal.	
Sep 28 2005	Definitely a great place to stay!	We stayed at this hotel from Sept.14-17. I only have great things to say about this Holiday Inn Express. The room was really clean and very spacious. The bed was very soft with a fluffy comforter. There was a kitchenette with fridge, microwave, and sink. The kitchen and the free breakfast was not really necessary since Chinatown was only 2 blocks away and we can go eat there any time. But those ammenities were still nice to have. There's free internet in the business center. The gym was not bad also, even had a TV in there. The metro was about 3 blocks away, on the other side of Chinatown. Vieux Montreal was about 6 blocks away. So the location was very convenient. There was always people walking around at all times of the day or night, so it's pretty safe to walk around at night. I would definitely stay at this Holiday Inn Express if I was to visit Montreal again!	
Sep 17 2005	A pleasant surprise	Having found the hotels I had stayed at in Montreal in years past to be booked up, and others expensive, I settled on what I figured would be a very economy class experience. To my pleasant surprise, my room was very large, with a full kitchen (fridge, sink, microwave), a large bathroom with very nice toiletries and a spacious bed. When it happened that it wouldn't stop raining, the hotel had large umbrellas ready for any guest who needed one. I would defintely recommend this hotel.	
Sep 9 2005	Certainly a Wise Choice When Visiting Montreal	Just wanted to say I agree with the general consensus. This hotel is in a very central location to St Catherine St, Place Des Arts, Chinatown, Old Montreal, the Latin Quarter, undreground shopping, and a couple Metro stops. The double room was very clean and fresh smelling as were the bed linens and towels. The kitchenette was clean, but austere. There were no plates or utensils in the room. A call to the front desk was all it took to quickly get some paper and plastic plates and utensils to our room. The business room has two computers with internet access and a laser printer, and usage of each was included in the lodging. I didn't take advantage of the breakfast, fitness room, or hotel parking so I can't comment on those. Best of all were the courtious and helpful staff. The front desk attendant gave me some candid answers to my questions about parking options in the area (street parking is free on the weekends if you can find it; we did), and the concierge took extra time to help us find information about the Film Festival going on at the time. Total price paid with tax: C$145. I would add to the comment made by another reviewer that the area of town is sketchy or potentially unsafe: I disagree. Certainly there were some homeless that hung out a couple corners down, but I was never once interrupted for money or bothered whatsoever. A surprising difference from many other cities I've visited.	
Sep 1 2005	We were disappointed with the service.	We made our reservation for 3 people and found the sofa bed to be unmade. We had to request sheets and then make up the bed ourselves. Also, the air conditioning unit was a free standing unit which was very loud and took up a lot of space. Service was OK but not great. The area did not seem too good. We were told to make sure that we parked in an underground parking garage so that the car would be undamaged in the morning.	
Aug 23 2005	Hotel Great...Not too sure about the area.	Cannot fault the hotel. Large room with good kitchen. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. Also a very good complimentary breakfast The location of the hotel, however, was not that great. A little on the outskirts of the main tourist areas with some rather seedy looking areas in close proximity. My wife and I did not feel completely at ease when walking back to the hotel at night. Although I'm sure our nervousness was unecessary. During our two week stay in Canada we stayed at both Montreal and Toronot and I must admit we preferred Toronto.	
Aug 18 2005	Great Value!	Pros - We had HUGE one bedroom suite. Nice large kitchen. Free breakfast in the morning. Wonderful location for going to the Gay Village or shopping on Saint Catherine St.Cons - It was very hot weather and our room only had an air conditioner in the bedroom, so the living room got a little warm.Overall, I'd say for the price and quality of the room there's no where else I'd rather stay when in Montreal.	
Aug 16 2005	More than pleased	My sister and I stayed at this hotel just this past weekend. I chose it based on the reviews I read on trip advisor and was more than pleased. The room we stayed in was a one bedroom suite with kitchenette and living room. It was perfect! There was a TV in the living room area, and in the bedroom which is good if you can't agree on what to watch when you crash after a long day.Old Montreal is a less than 10 minute walk away. I would highly recommend a little restaurand called Jardins Nelson. They have an open garden area where you can sit, and live jazz is always playing in the evenings. It was perfect.For Shopping St. Catherine St. is about a 10 minute walk with lots of unique shops. We walked most of the street and were too tired to walk back, so we took the subway system which was very easy to figure out and pretty clean.If you're thinking of doing some cooking in the kitchenette (which only has a microwave), make sure to bring some plates and cutlery. There is nothing of the kind in the room, not even glasses. Odly though, there was a dishwasher in our kitchenette.The morning breakfast bar was really nice. Tons of stuff, you'll be more than full.The only complaint I have is the airconditioning. It worked fine, but because the airconditioner was in the living room, I found the bedroom to be significantly warmer in temp. It didn't bother my sister at all, but just a heads up for those sensitive to the heat.Overall, I would definately go back. The best part was how clean the room was. That's always the most important, and in this case there were no worries.I have no problems recommending this hotel.	
Aug 11 2005	Location Friendly Staff and Family Friendly	My family of 4 had spent 2 nights at the Holiday Inn Express Montreal Centre-Ville on Aug 8-10 with 2 beds and a kitchenette. As we arrived, the hotel staff was friendly and very helpful from the time we entered the door. Location was a key factor on reserving at this hotel as it was walking distance to Old Montreal (very beautiful), Chinatown, and Ste Catherine Street for shopping. Hotel Room was clean, and A/C was a portable one which was sufficient. We had asked for a crib for our daughter at the time of booking which was set up once we checked in. We also enjoyed the kichenette which made thing easier in preparing meals for a toddler. Another plus was the Continental Breakfast which was complimentary every morning. Everything was fresh and abundent. Overall, a good hotel that i'd probably reserve again.	
Aug 8 2005	Excellent rooms at a decent price	My family and I stayed in this hotel in July 2005. We had an excellent 2-bedroom suite with a large TV in each of the 3 rooms. All rooms had air conditioning and very large wardrobes. The suite was tastefully furnished and the beds were excellent. The ensuite bathroom was also of a very high standard. The (North American) Continental Buffet breakfast was wide and varied in comparison to all other such breakfasts encountered on our trip, although the breakfast area was very busy. The staff were very helpful and readily spoke English unlike some places in Montreal and other parts of Quebec Province. Everything about this hotel was excellent with the one exception that it lacked a swimming pool. The Hotel is in an excellent location, just minutes from Vieux Montreal in one direction and the modern city centre in the other. All in all, a great city centre hotel at a very reasonable price. Book early to get the best price.	
Jul 27 2005	Excellent value in a pricey hotel city.	Two friends and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Montreal on July 21st, 2005, for one night. Our friend booked the hotel after reading the good reviews on this site. We're glad she did!Location: Good location, in between the major streets of St. Denis and St. Laurent. Close to beautiful Old Montreal. Very easy to get to from the highway, you don't need to navigate your way through annoying one way streets to get there! I would suggest when you get there, you park and leave the car at the hotel. Walking in Montreal is great, lots of people watching and things to see. The metro is the best way to get around. Service: Our room was not ready when we first arrived around noon, but they allowed us to park our car and keep our luggage at the hotel as they got it ready. We walked to a nearby place for a great lunch, came back, and they gave us our room key. Unfortunately when we walked in we found it was not cleaned, but no problem - we called the front desk and they sent someone up to us right away with keys to a different room down the hall that was spotless and ready to go. Room: Very spacious, clean and nice. Everything is new. Suite was the same price as a room, so we booked that - had a kitchen and living room area with a pull out couch, and a seperate bedroom with a queen size bed. Air conditioners in each room. Very comfortable, and again, CLEAN, which is the most important thing! Not super fancy, but good for the price.Breakfast Buffet: Unfortunately we didn't get to see this as we didn't realize it stopped at 10am on weekdays. Breakfast is one of the best meals to eat out in Montreal anyhow, so we made the most of it.Parking: Valet, $20 a night. The Valets are great and very helpful. I think this cost is standard at all Montreal hotels.I lived in Montreal for 6 years and saw a lot of different hotels when guests were visiting. All in all, if you are not looking for a fancy place, but a clean, reliable hotel that is close to the attractions, this is a great deal.Enjoy!	
Jul 25 2005	Good Hotel for the Price	Good location midway between Old Montreal and Saint Catherines Street. The concierge service was friendly and helpful from the moment we got there and the room was very large and even included a kitchenette and free internet. The only real problem was the AC unit. It was one of those indoor stand-alone units and it was not nearly powerful enough to cool the spacious room during the relatively hot and muggy days we stayed there. To make matter worse, it was leaking water from the condenser and the floor was soaked all around it. Still, the hotel had pretty much everything else you could ask for, including continental breakfast and a gym. Just don't expect any frills or a really cool room.	
Jul 24 2005	Excellent Value	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Centre Ville June 24-June 27, 2005 at a rate of $138 CAD a nite booked onlne. Location: blocks from Old Montreal, $6 taxi ride from the train station. Trolley tour of the city will pick up at this hotel. Easy to get a taxi at hotel. Breakfast: lots of variety, fresh fruitStaff: very helpful!Room: portable AC unit was barely adequate even when left running all day so it was cool enough at night for sleeping. Another unit was in living room area. When I made the reservation online, I requested a king-size bed; however, when we arrived, we were told the hotel had no king beds, only queen. Having the suite was very nice since we had friends meet us there and they were able to stay with us. Kitchen: microwave, frig, dishwasher &amp; sink; HOWEVER, no dishes!! We requested paper plates &amp; plastic forks &amp; spoons, which the staff delivered quickly. Convenience store &amp; grocery store: Mini-mart is 1 block away on same side of street inside a dorm. IGA grocery store about 3 blocks away. Seemed safe after dark. Overall an excellent hotel for us and would stay there again.	
Jul 11 2005	Excellent Value	This hotel had the lowest rate during the famous jazz festival in montrealwhen i checked in the room was said to be ready but on inspection was not-the bins had not been emptied and there were wet towels in the bathroom from previous occupantsThe hotel cleaned it up quickly and i had no further problems again, the room was cleaned well on the rest of my 8 night stay, the hotel is next to a small park which is frequented by 'social outcasts' but they posed no problem, the occasional pan handling thats all.The location is good for all the festivals-right in downtown-10 minute walk to the jazz festival and the place de arts, subway closeby alsoExcellent buffett breakfast-so few hotels now offer this included with room rate-it sets you off great for the start of the dayOverall i would reccomend this hotel for comfort/location/value and would have no hesitation to stay here again.	
Jul 1 2005	Good hotel here are some important tips for future visitors	This Holiday Inn express provides good value for the (not very inexpensive) price. The big rooms, and the kitchenette, the breakfast and free internet are all important to me in a hotel, and this hotel comes through on all counts.However, visitors should know the following in advance:1. the kitchenette has NO dishes, utensils, not even glasses. Bring your own, bring some up from breakfast or you will not be able to use the kitchen.2. There is absolutely no way we could find to avoid the parking charge which seems to be up to $16 a day (with taxes this becomes $19 a day).3. This has been said before - many rooms do not have AC in both the living area and bedroom. We travel with two little kids, and the living area was not air conditioned. The vents are not connected to anything. The bedroom had a portable AC unit, and by the time we had everything unpacked we were too lazy to ask to be moved - so make sure in advance!4. This is sort of trivial, but... $142 canadian is actually $23 more per night - $2 a night city tax, and two more taxes added on - so budget accordingly!The reception and parking staff were very helpful, the other staff could be better: we had a toilet overflow, and while it was repaired when we were out of the room, the sewage soaked towels were left on the bathroom floor. Also, we had a maid enter the room despite the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign we carefully placed the night before.All this said, we had a great time, having the extra room was a real bonus, and we would stay there again.	
Jun 25 2005	Loved the Holiday Inn Express-Montreal	Like all HI Express hotels, the room rate includes free local phone calls and a continental breakfast. What makes the HI Express-Montreal unique is each hotel is an apartment with a full kitchen (coffee maker, large refrigerator, microwave and tea kettle), breakfast bar, living room (with TV) and separate bedroom (also with a TV).The hotel location is close to old Montreal and only a few blocks from the Palais des Congres convention center.	
Jun 19 2005	Great Hotel	The only reason that I didn't rate this hotel as &quot;Excellent&quot; is because the walk from the St. Laurent Metro to the hotel is less than desirable (if you are a woman walking alone). You don't want to walk from the St. Laurent Metro at night......I just returned from a 5 day stay at this hotel. I stayed in a non-smoking 1 bedroom suite. The entire floor was non-smoking and I never smelled smoke in the hallways which can be a problem in other hotels, since many people smoke in Montreal. The clean room was spacious with two televisions, full refrigerator, microwave, king size bed, living room and work desk. The hotel has a business center on the first floor with free internet service and printing. The complimentary continental breakfast was good and the staff was helpful. The IGA grocery store and Complexe Desjardins shopping mall was a five minute walk from the hotel. The well-stocked IGA grocery store included delicious take-out meals that you just heat in the microwave. Unfortunately, the weather during my week in Montreal was bad (thunderstorms and rain everyday), so I was not able to explore as many outdoor tourist attractions. During the summer (July), Montreal must be beautiful. A highlight during my trip was taking the Grayline tour to Quebec City. Quebec City was charming and wonderful! On my next trip, I want to stay in Quebec City instead of Montreal, since you really feel like you are staying in a French/Foreign city in Quebec City. Montreal was very &quot;Americanized&quot; and reminded me of an East Coast American city. The Underground City was nice, since the outside weather is usually bad in Montreal, but after a couple of days, the Underground City feels like walking around a huge American mall that never ends.....I was slightly disappointed with the city of Montreal, since I didn't expect to see the many grafitti walls, trash on the sidewalks/in the streets, rundown buildings, XXX theatres/businesses in areas that were not designated as the &quot;red light&quot; district (many of the X-rated businesses are near major tourist attraction areas, shopping malls), etc. I plan to return to Montreal in the future, but now I will have a more realistic view of the city and know that it doesn't look like the photos in the tourist brochures....	
Jun 8 2005	Don't know that the fuss is all about!!!	I see lots of rave reviews about this hotel, but in my experience, it was just okay. Nothing special. My family (2 adults, 2 small kids) stayed in a one-bed suite, but unlike the previous review, our suite was very small and a bit scruffy (and also did not have integral air conditioning). The bedroom only had space for a full (double) bed. Perhaps it's because I paid a lower rate of 106 CAD (ichotels internet special)!! Even though we were on the 14th floor, the room was noisy, partly because of the location (right downtown) and partly because there was an area around the window where the tubing for the huge air conditioning unit (which took up more valuable space!) was not completely sealed.....and the air-con unit wasn't even on, so it could have been noisier! The hotel is in a slightly scruffy area, but it seemed safe to walk at night, although we were told to avoid areas just north of the hotel on St. Catherine's. The hotel is however in a good location for walking to Chinatown, Old Montreal and St. Catherine's (the nicer part!)...Overall, I would say it still presented reasonable value for money, considering the rate I got, but I would not want to pay anymore and will try somewhere else next time.	
Jun 5 2005 	Excellent Hotel	I'm writing this while sitting in one of the suites.First off the suites are BIG. Yes, they are bigger than some 1 bedroom apartments. Clean and modern. They lack central air conditioning, but have 1-2 portable units per suite, one in the bedroom and one in the livingroom. Make sure you get a suite with 2, our first suite had only 1, and it was hot (30+ degrees celcius outside). The rooms were a little smokie (other rooms on the floor are smoking rooms) but after a little airing out they were fine. One bedroom with queensized bed and double hide away bed outside. Big shower tub - very clean.The kitchen was big (microwave, fridge, cofeemaker and dishwasher, no stove?) but had no cutlery. I almost think this building was built as a apartment building then converted or is going to be converted. 2 TVs with french and english cable chanels, PPV of course. Free ethernet internet (weak wireless signal is present). 2 phones. The desk service for the most part was good. One grumpy receptionist, but the concerge and the valet were very polite and even tried to get us tickets to a sold out show.There is NO parking around the hotel. The valet service is the only option, and it's secured underground according to the valet. $12 a day. If you plan on being downtown you could probably get away without a car as the metro is walking distance. Otherwise just factor that into the price.For the price of $135 CDN per night I cannot complain at all. The immediate neighbourhood is somewhat sketchy. Like being downtown in any large city. A few street people. But two blocks over is chinatown, which is very nice, one block east is St. Denis (where the locals go to drink/eat/party) and one black north is St. Catherines (where the tourists go to show/drink/eat/party). The conference center is less than a 10 minute walk away. (probably 5 minutes, but you have to wait for the lights). All in all a very nice hotel for the price. I would comeback anytime.	
May 18 2005	Very relaxing !!	This is a very nice hotel !! It is very clean throughout, everywhere. The rooms are quite spacious and cozy, very comfortable. Having a complete kitchen (full sized fridge, microwave, sink, dishwasher, coffee/tea maker, kettle, etc) was terrific !! I had a suite, ie., main room and bedroom with queen sized bed. I was here last week for 2 days, but would have liked to stay longer. The breakfast buffet was quite nice and filling, lots to choose from. The breakfast room had a nice cozy feel to it, very relaxing. You can even sit in the breakfast room after breakfast hours and read a complimentary paper (in English or Francais) and have a coffee or tea. They have the coffee and tea brewing here on hand all day long! No one bothers you, it is enjoyable! Staff was nice/okay; they were very efficient in their jobs. I would like to make a comment on the area of the hotel; it is okay, not bad bad as some reviewers have said. Just use your 'street smarts' like anywhere else. TIP: If you are using the Metro (subway) at night and you want to avoid the 'seedy' areas when you leave the subway for the hotel, then take the subway station called CHAMP DE MARS on the orange line. It is a couple of blocks south of the hotel; you will avoid the socalled seedy area completely. Overall it is a terrific hotel, I have no complaints as such. I paid $119 per day for my room/suite. Breakfast is included of course.I would definitely stay here again. It is like a home away from home. There is a big IGA grocery store 3 blocks away at a mall called COMPLEXE DESJARDINS -- easy walking distance. So you can bring stuff back to your room for a snack or nightcap, drink, etc.Double thumbs up on this hotel !!	
Apr 19 2005 	Excellent sevice excellent rooms excellent price best place in town	I went to Montreal to attend and international conference from April 8 to the 15th, 2005. There were 11 professors going from my institution and I was the only one at the Holiday Inn Express. Everyone agreed that I had gotten the best deal in town!!! The staf at the hotel is excellent (Tina, Pasqual, and ViVi especially), the service terrific, the rooms are clean, with a nice mattress and a soft comforter. They have a small kitchen and, in my case, I had a one bedroom suite with two TVs. There is free wireless internet available in the rooms, and the continental breakfast even offered hard-boiled eggs, together with baglels, cinammon rolls, juices, hot coffee, chocolate, and different types of tea.There is parking available for a reasonable fee, the subway is within walking distance, and there is a large supermarket two blocks away, as well as a very nice mall (Les Jardines) Chinatown and Old Montreal are within a 10 minute walk too. As everyone said, I had the best deal in town since I could do my work in the room, prepare a small dinner in my kitchen, enjoy a great breakfast for free, and even use the bussiness center 24/7!!!Please do not be deterred by the reviewers that mention the subway stop as being near a seedy area! You can almost by-pass it by taking a longer route. The city is safe and the people are very nice. KUDOS to this hotle, the staff, and Holiday Inn. I will go back and stay there, it is the best deal in town!!!	
Apr 17 2005 	Great value for "downtown" location	Pros-Central Location, within easy walking or driving distance of most attractions (though not actually directly in any of the &quot;trendy&quot; areas of Montreal).-Extremely good value considering the location, price, and size of the suite I was given.-Efficient staff.-Large, recently renovated rooms / suites.-Free continental breakfastCons-Parking is problematic. $16/day to park in the hotel underground lot and it is valet only parking which I find annoying and inconvenient. Street parking is hard to find and parking rules are very complex.-Room decoration is somewhat bland and spartan, though furnishings were all very new.-No universal gym or weights in fitness center	
Feb 13 2005	Excellent hotel	Now called the Holiday Inn Express Hotel &amp; Suites Downtown Montreal, this is an excellent hotel in downtown Montreal.  It's location is good, close to subway stations and within walking distance of the Latin Quarter (fab. cafes and restaurants), Old Town and the Village (gay village and loads more great cafes and bars). The main shopping areas of St. Catherine Street and the train station are a couple of subway stops or short taxi ride.  The staff are very friendly, welcoming and helpful. The rooms are clean, spacious and well appointed. I stayed twice within a week either side of a couple of days in Quebec City. Both rooms were suites, the first with amazing views across to city hall; both huge, super-comfortable beds and sofas, kitchen areas with fridge, freezer and microwave.  The complimentary buffet breakfast was amazing - loads of choice, fresh bagels, fruit, cereals, pastries and delicious cinamon rolls, yummy!  In summary: excellent. 	
Feb 6 2005	absolutely fabulous	i was incredibly impressed with this hotel. spotlessly clean rooms, free continental breakfast, excellent service, and fairly convenient location. for the price, i couldn't believe i was getting such a nice suite! i highly recommend this hotel!	
Jan 3 2005	about the neighborhood of the hotel...	another reviewer noted:&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;The reviewers who complain about the neighborhood are overreacting, and obviously haven't done much walking around in a major city. Getting to one of the four nearby Metro stops (St. Laurent) requires walking past a few derelict buildings and peep show shops, and maybe a few grubby-looking folks, but my wife and our toddler did the five-minute walk nine or ten times, once late at night after an Expos game, and at no time did I feel remotely unsafe.&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;I not only agree completely, and note that identical complaints could be made about several fancy Montreal hotels e.g. the Hyatt, which is within a couple of blocks of one of the densest concentrations of &quot;contact&quot; strip bars and hooker hotels in the city, much closer than the Hotel Suites Le Faubourg is to any specific allegedly &quot;seedy&quot; area. Bring your family and don't worry about being safe and comfortable in the neighborhood of Hotel-Suites Le Faubourg.	
Nov 29 2004	Excellent - but it's changing hands!	We also got a great deal on Priceline ($50 a night). The room was big w/ a full kitchen. They had a lot of nice extras (bath salts, mouthwash, etc.) and the service was fantastic, especially for parking. For breakfast they had breads, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, cereal, juices, coffee. It was a lovely, spoiling experience for very little money.But, it is soon going to change to a Holiday Inn Express.... I doubt it will stay so nice.	
Nov 17 2004	So Enjoyable!	My partner and I found this wonderful hotel on Priceline. We were fortunate enough to receive a stellar rate ($45/night!!) and were so pleased with the results! Hotel-Suites Le Faubourg is a terrific hotel option when traveling to Montreal. It is conveniently located, has a delicious (and nutritious!) breakfast, and great room accommodations. Additionally, the front desk service was kind and helpful and the amenities were superb! We had a terrific experience visiting Montreal, and Hotel-Suites Le Faubourg made it all the more pleasant!	
Oct 13 2004	I wish this was my apartment	My husband took me Montreal for my birthday and we had the pleasure of staying here.We took Amtrak up there, great scenery. This hotel is exactly 15mins walk from the station and about 6 blocks from the old city. This hotel room is the cleanest I have seen. This place is huge. We had a one bedroom suite. My goodness; its like having an apartment [the rooms are bigger then most one bedroom apartments in NY]. Very spacious; separate kitchen [You can cook a gourmet meal in there], large bathroom[enough space to take a bath] and even a living room [where you can relax and watch what you want, while you significant other is in the bedroom watching what they want] with internet and cable access. We had a view of the old city from our room beautiful!!!This was a wonderful experience cannot wait to return. Highly Recommend!!	
Sep 15 2004	A Pleasant Surprise!	After reading the many reviews posted here, I expected to have a nice stay at Hotel-Suites Le Faubourg, but once I arrived and saw my room I was utterly surprised at just how clean and well-kept the hotel appeared. It exceeded my expectations.I highly recommend staying here.	
Sep 3 2004	Hotel Suites Le Faubourg: A great place all-around	I read all the glowing reviews of this place and was initially sceptical, but at $106US per night through Expedia I thought &quot;what the hell.&quot; Well, it turns out that the place met my every expectation, and was actually quite a deal compared to some of the more expensive hotels I looked at while in Montreal.Some hotels have a worn look around the edges--fraying armchairs, spotted carpet, scratched walls--but this place is not one of them. The rooms are very clean and nicely furnished, from the handy kitchen area to the big bathrooms. There were some nice complimentary soaps and big white towels. The kitchen has everything you need to prepare a meal with groceries from the nearby IGA, which stocks beer, wine, and some nice gourmet foods.If you have a kid or two, the separate bedroom is a great thing to have. Both the bedroom and the living room have full-cable television, including a number of kids' channels.The staff was very helpful and friendly throughout our stay, and at 14.00 a day, the valet parking is a deal, considering it costs about that much to park in other lots around the area. You might find a spot on a distant street if you don't mind hauling your bags, but there seemed to be lots of parking restrictions in the neighborhood.The reviewers who complain about the neighborhood are overreacting, and obviously haven't done much walking around in a major city. Getting to one of the four nearby Metro stops (St. Laurent) requires walking past a few derelict buildings and peep show shops, and maybe a few grubby-looking folks, but my wife and our toddler did the five-minute walk nine or ten times, once late at night after an Expos game, and at no time did I feel remotely unsafe. There's always plenty of people out and about, and very few of them appear to be homeless. If you're pushing a baby stroller in this city, pedestrians and other drivers will bend over backward to accommodate you.	
Aug 8 2004	Excellent suites great value	I spent three nights here recently and I think the rooms are exceptional value for the price paid. The suites have a seperate bedroom from the kitchen/family rooms. The kitchen is spacious and functional - you could stay here on business for weeks and it would serve you well.The rooms are very comfortable, there's two tv's, my room had a sunny balcony, and there's a desk to work at. Free continental breakfast is a nice touch, although it does get very busy down there and the selection is generally yogurt / muffins, with a toast machine (so get in quick!) Front desk was friendly. Would definitely stay again for the price (around $US90).	
May 12 2004	Great suite	We stayed here for a few nights in April 2004. The 1 bedroom suite was bigger than many apartments with full-sized kitchen (stove, microwave, dishwasher, utensils and pots with deposit etc.). The staff was friendly and the room was very clean. We backed onto the courtyard so the view was rather boring. The hotel was difficult to find and we drove right passed it on the first run. Valet parking was really the only option since many streets have signs forbidding overnight parking (and apparently the neighbourhood isn't the best). Would stay again if the rates were similar ($99 CAD off season) although i might try to find a place where the parking wasn't so costly ($14/night). 	
Apr 3 2004	Weekend Getaway in Montreal	I booked this hotel on expedia.com for $70 USD and we stayed from Fri-Sunday. I was a little nervous to see the condition of the hotel for that price, but I was happy with the hotel. The rooms are spacious and clean. There is a full kitchen, living room, and bedroom. There are 2 TVs and a deck, even though the view wasn't very nice. The bathroom was large and the water pressure in the shower was great. The breakfast wasn't anything more than bagels, cereal, and waffles but it was a nice, quick bite to eat that started off the day. The front desk were helpful with directions and spoke English very well. The location wasn't in the best area but you could walk to many attractions. However, if you want to be closer to the bars on Crescent St., this hotel is about a half hour walk. I would recommend this hotel but if I went to Montreal again, I would probably stay a little closer to Crescent and the better part of St. Catherine St.	
Feb 18 2004	Night in Montreal	We visited Montreal for one night in February and stayed at the Suites La Faubourg. The hotel is a nice clean place with large suites, much like an apartment. It was great to have a separate livingroom and kitchen, as we went with our child and her aunt. There was plenty of space for 4 people. The staff were helpful and friendly.My only negative is that it is not located in the best part of Montreal, but it is definately close to everything. It's right outside China Town, and really close to Old Montreal, both beautiful places to see if it isn't February and freezing outside.We would stay there again and probably will this summer.	
Oct 30 2003	Want to go right back!	Just returned from a stay at Le Faubourg in Montreal and want to go right back! Booked this on the internet and wasn't sure what to expect, but what a find! Excellent suite, wonderful and friendly bilingual staff, and a generous &quot;continental&quot; breakfast for free every morning. Location convenient for walking everywhere. Highly recommend!	
Oct 21 2003	A true find!	We stayed at the Le Faubourg last week and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to our friends. As for the location, the proximity of a alternate life style neighborhood really has no impact on the guests of the hotel. You have to walk a few minutes to get into what might be considered an unsavory area, but walk south, east, west and there is no problem. A few blocks away is Chinatown where we had GREAT dim sum. A few blocks west on Rene Levesque enter the IPA grocery store for a fine treat those who love gourmet food. Continue through the back of the store to the underground mall and access to St. Catherine St. and downtown. The rooms were large with separate bedroom and sitting area. Very nice kitchen with broiler, coffee maker, and microwave. Spotless and the staff could not be more informative and polite. We will stay there again you can be sure!	
Oct 6 2003	Very good hotel charmless location.	The good: The Hotel-Suites Le Faubourg is a very modern, clean, well-run hotel, and we found the bilingual staff helpful, professional and courteous. On Expedia, I got a rate of about $110 US, which seemed quite good. Airline pilots and crew stay here, as do lots of tourists and business types. Rooms (ours was actually a junior suite) are good-sized, with a kitchen, a narrow sitting-room, and decent-sized bedroom; the bed was comfortable, and there are nice TVs in both rooms (yes, Virginia, some of the channels are even in English). Four people could share the suite, but only if you don't spend too much time in the room. Our suite looked out on the courtyard, so it was quiet; the view is on the dull side. The windows actually open. The usual amenities are provided: hair dryer, coffee maker, dataport, etc. No mini-bar, and there isn't a bar in the hotel, so bring your own drinks and snacks from the IGA a few streets over. Valet parking in the hotel garage is $14/day; you mightn't want to park on the street overnight. The &quot;Continental&quot; breakfast served in the attractive lobby is quite generous: all manner of baked goods, breads &amp; bagels, waffles, cereal, fruit, yogurt...The bad: there's nothing even remotely *bad* about either the Faubourg or its staff. Would I stay here again? Probably, depending on my finances. But if you need a romantic getaway or want charm when you walk out the front door, spend the extra money (in some cases, *lots* of money) and stay in Vieux-Montral (the old city). This is because of...The ugly: the Blvd. Ren-Levesque along this stretch runs through what realtors like to call a &quot;changing&quot; neighborhood. Another guest remarked in a review that the neighborhood immediately to the North (around Rue St.-Catherine) seemed &quot;scary&quot;. Well, that depends on what scares you: the three-block walk up to the St.-Laurent Metro stop didn't feel *scary* so much as dreary and then sleazy: street-people types, sex-video places, scruffy-looking clubs. It's a little better--but longer--to walk thru Chinatown to Place-d'Armes station or east to Berri-UQAM (Universit de Qubec a Montral). In short, it's not as bad an area as some of the hotel districts in NYC or San Francisco (or even Paris). Just don't expect Disneyland.BTW, the Mtro is excellent and safe, and goes basically everywhere you'd want to visit except the top of Mount Royal; it's also *very* warm, even in the dead of a killer Montral winter: shed your coat as you descend or prepare to sweat. This goes for the &quot;underground city&quot; concourses as well. The locals seem to like it this way. I made the mistake of wearing a sweater, instead of just carrying it, during one underground foray: THAT was a bad idea. Quite a few of the stations are worth seeing for their architecture and public art; I've visited twice and haven't even seen most of them.A final word for those who, having read a few of the other reviews, might wonder whether Montral is worth visiting: it certainly is, especially if you enjoy vibrant, historic, cosmopolitan cities. There's tons of stuff to do, see, eat, buy and enjoy, no matter what your age or interests. As in any great city, there are lots of beautiful areas, as well as lots of ugly areas, sometimes right next to one another. But it's absolutely worth your time to explore, even if you don't speak a word of French.	
Sep 30 2003	Great Hotel; Iffy Location	We spent 5 nights here in August. The rooms are great -- as big as many a 1 bedroom apartment, with a full sized fridge, 2 TV's, full size desk. The room (and the hotel) was very clean and bright. Our view was of a vacant (and not pretty) lot. Continental breakfast (with toaster) was perfectly decent, with many choices.The big &quot;but&quot; -- which no other reviewer has mentioned -- is the location. While it is reasonably close to downtown and Chinatown, if you go north 1 block you are in the middle of a really unsavory, ugly red-light district. The sex stores, the drug addicts and the extreme bikers were unreal. We're from New York and this beats anything we've got now (and maybe even Times Square at its old-time worst). It's as if every low-life sin in Montreal was crammed into about 4 blocks. We got out of there fast (with our two young sons) and never turned that way again!! If you don't want that a block away from your hotel, find some place else to stay. If you don't mind -- this is a great find. To be fair, we saw no trace of this blight at or in front of the hotel itself, and we would stay there again.	
Aug 17 2003	Excellent Location	We recommend this hotel for its convenient location and for the friendliness of staff. It is within walking distance of the Old Quarter, Chinatown and many of the eateries and shops on St. Denis and Sainte Catherine. Other touristic spots readily accessible from metro stations. It is straightforward and modern, and a good choice for families. The only problem we encountered was a lack of air conditioning in the main room (which housed the sofabed) so that our son was a little too warm and had trouble sleeping. Our bedroom had the powerful a/c unit and we had to crank it up to try and help move cooler air into the other room. This would be an issue on very hot days, which they had been experiencing. We did not inquire about additional help, but they might have a solution, if approached. Otherwise, an excellent choice.	
Aug 13 2003	Great Hotel	We just returned from this hotel spending 3 nites . Great place. Its clean, the service is very good and the rooms are large. We stayed in junior suite which had one bedroom, living area with a foldout and kitchenette. all new appliance and bath was good size. Hotel is a great location. 8 min. walk to Old Montreal. 15 minute to downtown and few blocks from the Metro. Great deal.	
Aug 13 2003	Wonderful Hotel	I chose this hotel online and had no idea what to expect. The hotel was wonderful. It was clean, modern and well kept. The one bedroom suite rooms were small by US standards (in my opinion) but quite adequate for a family. It was great having a large refrigerator. We stocked it with drinks and snacks from the IGA nearby. The breakfast was great and saved us an additional expense. I would advise getting a map from the front desk when you arrive. They will circle various areas for you so you don't wander into less desirable areas near the hotel (this is especially important if you have children with you). Old Montreal (Place Jacque Cartier) is down the hill a block and a half from the hotel. We had a great time, enjoyed the hotel and will definitely stay here again when we go back next year.	
Aug 13 2003	Very comfortable stay!	The Le Faubourg Hotel was a perfect place to stay during our recent visit to Montreal. The staff was friendly and helpful, the room was spacious and squeaky clean and the location was pretty good.The hotel is less than a 15 minute walk to Old Montreal, after a quick walk through the colourful and vibrant Chinatown. Additionally, it is very close to a Metro station that would pretty much take you anywhere.The streets behind the hotel are rather &quot;urban,&quot; with the occasional coffee cup and miscellaneous trash blowing by your feet, but c'est la vie. If you don't like urban grit, stay in Connecticut.Overall, the hotel is a good value. The add-on's add up pretty quick, ($14 per night parking... pay-per-view movie...) but you can easily make up for it by chowing down their Continental breakfast before you hit the town for an $8 crepe. We'd gladly stay here again.	
Aug 1 2003	Best value in Montreal!	This new hotel is definitely the best value in Montreal. It may not be located near the other high-priced hotels, but it's location may be better. I was with a group of friends that had 2 rooms here. We did a lot of walking, within a couple minutes of Chinatown, St. Catherine St and Old Montreal. When we did take cabs, it was pretty cheap ($6 to Crescent St and/or St. Laurent St for bars &amp; clubs). It is also situated within 2 blocks of 2 Metro stations, which we used to go to Olympic Stadium for an Expos game. The suites are large and contain all new furniture. With a queen bed in the bedroom and a fold-out sofa in the living area, the suite easily slept the 4 people in our group. The suite also contained a kitchen with coffee machine, toaster oven, microwave, stove, and large refrigerator. The bathroom was similar to most hotel bathrooms. Our friend's room had a balcony overlooking the street the hotel is located on - Ren-Lvesque Est. There is also a large IGA supermarket a couple blocks down where we bought lots of stuff to stock our fridge. The continental breakfast is adequate, with croissants, cereals, hard-boiled eggs, waffles, and coffee/juices. The staff, from the front desk to the concierge, to the night manager was EXTREMELY helpful. Though all rooms are supposed to have an iron to go along with the ironing board, ours did not. When we requested one, the night manager came to our room, explained that there weren't anymore available, but brought his own personal iron for us to use. Now that's service. If you're traveling to Montreal, I highly suggest this hotel - especially if you're traveling with kids and/or a large group and/or are budget minded. I'll be there when I return to Montreal.	
Jul 31 2003	Highly Recommend!!		
Jul 4 2003	Nice stay		
May 5 2003	Great Stay!		
Apr 13 2003	Great Hotel but we didnt enjoy Montreal		
Mar 30 2003	extremely satisfied		
Jan 15 2003	Incredible Value and Location		
Jan 3 2003	I've seen better		
Dec 30 2002	Can HIGHLY recommend this hotel		
Nov 18 2002	Loved it!!		
Oct 3 2002	terrific place		
Sep 21 2009 	Bien		
Sep 21 2008 	Genial		
Jan 20 2008 	Grozgige Suites zur Selbstversorgung		
Sep 1 2007	Etablissement trs honnte  l'emplacement central		
Nov 15 2005 	Excelente Hotel		
