Nov 24 2009 	Warmly Modern and Lovely	Just wrapped up a 4 night/5 day stay at Hotel St Paul. Staff were really nice and very helpful. The hotel was the most modern that I've personally stayed in though it still felt warm and cozy. It's on the cusp of Old Montreal so you don't get the same obnoxious &amp; noisy tourist pedestrian traffic at night like other hotels experiences I've had in the area. The continental breakfast was the right amount of food and selection to make four days breakfast not feel the same day in and day out. Fantastic location made it easy to get quite a lot done during what felt like not a long enough trip! Close proximity to local transit, spas, shopping, across the river from the casino, bars, clubs and fabulous restaurants made doing a lot stress free and unrushed. The windows open to allow fresh air in - that's rare and I loved it!!! Adored it, will stay again and would recommend it to anyone!	
Nov 1 2009 	very small room to work in..	I took a regular room...oh boy, what a mistake. The wired internet connection was in one area, and the only table you could work on was in a completly different area. If you have to travel and work there, get a bigger room. If only for leisure, the regular room was a typical european room: small. Windows open...that is a nice touch.But the hotel is indeed a design hotel ( sometime, so design that they seem to have forgotten the purpose of an accessory) , clean, staff ( altough really understaff when I went) was nice and polite and, well situated if you want to visit the old Montreal area. It is further away from the well known Crescent street but within a walking distance if you are a good walker.	
Oct 17 2009 	Boutique Hotel with style and quality service	came to Montreal to check out the city from San Diego. I booked directly thru the front desk and while the process was a bit challenging at first it finished on a very strong note. gave me a fair room rate and the room I requested. design is strong, a tiny bit dated but overall enjoyed the feel of the hotel. the bar scene was worth the stay as well. part of the experience in staying in a hotel of this nature is the common area and the scene that comes with it. Housekeeping was very good, nice guest amenities in the rooms, turn down service, etc. breakfast was solid and good. location is great. Old Montreal is a nice area to walk. several good restaurants in the area. I would return and would suggest a stay.	
Oct 15 2009 	Shabby Very Shabby...	Not for the discerning Boutique hotel lover.Firts of all I've stayed here 4 times... I come from NY drop about 1000 bucks for a 2 nights stay and keep telling myself never again. (Everything else was booked)Good: Availability (u can guess why)Issues: Never a doorman... i mean never... holy security issue batmanNeed another bottle of champagne in the room after 11pm? Sorry it's locked upSome rooms feel like you are in a shoebox... aesthetic more than sizeCheap crappy lounge restaurant... &quot;Sorry cant take the 2 - 60 dollar glasses of champagne to your room because we might lose the glasses&quot; &quot;Ill return them&quot;... &quot;sorry&quot;... really suburban crowed... read. too much hair gel and muscle shirts with cheap shoes. ;)	
Oct 12 2009 	Poor excuse for Boutique Hotel	When you check in to a boutique hotel, you look for the finer things in life to make your stay more enjoyable, but most of all, you expect impeccable service because, after all, you pay a little more for a whole lot...right? No, but top notch service will definately make up for where detail is dropped. It was just OK. No king size beds, so dimly lit you know they are hiding the poor paint job. Furniture was old, worn, and torn (common breakfast area on the 2nd floor). It was really smoke and mirrors. Not once did a doorman open the door for you and no one smiled and said &quot;hello&quot;. I felt like I was bothering the employees.	
Oct 2 2009 	Hotel St Paul - Overrated - Very Hard Bed	This hotel was a major disappointment. The bed was like a rock. No box spring base ..just a slab of wood. My back was killing me. If you like a hard bed, this place is for you. The place tries to be too cool. It is dark and to my mind that just hides the dirt. The gym was absolutely laughable. It had about 4 machines that were about 15 years old and the treadmill kept stopping mid use which was bit dangerous. The breakfast was terrible with limited food on the buffet which was not replenished in a timely manner. We had to consistently ask for things and the breakfast room was terribly austere. The best thing about this hotel was the location. The staff were on the whole ok (apart from one rude concierge) but I would never stay here again.	
Sep 7 2009 	My Stay was "Fine" but Not Exceptional...Not Really Worth the Price	My husband took a trip to Montreal for the Labor Day weekend. A while back, I had read a favorable review in the NY Times on Hotel St. Paul, so I thought it would be a great place to try. I looked on TripAdviser and all of the reviews looked pretty good, so I went ahead and booked us a room. Overall, our experience was fine. I have no real complaints: the location is perfect, the rooms were clean (albeit pretty small), and it was nice to have breakfast included in the morning. However, I dont think it was worth the money we paid. The hotel staff were very kind and polite, but the concierge service was so-so. Basically the hotel only had two restaurants to recommend that were right down the street from the hotel. When we asked for other choices, they didnt really have any. (I'm figuring they have some sort of deal w/ those two restaurants and were told to recommend all guests to go there). The hotel decor was very simple - but almost to the point where you thought it was cheap - not chic minimalistic. In summary, I would say our stay was good, but next time I go to Montreal I will probably try somewhere else.	
Aug 28 2009 	Every comfort and exceedingly helpful. DONT miss breakfast.	Spent two nights at the St. Paul while attending a boat show in the Vieux Port. Hotel is sleek, well located and extremely comfortable. Staff were friendly and helpful. Quick to meet requests. Lobby bar is pricey but service is excellent. Breakfast for residents is flat out supurb.	
Aug 24 2009 	Unforgettable	I stayed here for New Year's eve 2009 with a couple of friends and it was an incredible stay. The hotel is a perfect definition of boutique hotel with all the right details including modern trendy decor a fire place in the lobby and beautiful accents. We attended the new years eve party which was chic but not stuff. The staff was incredibly attentive and friendly and could not do enough to ensure we enjoyed our stay. The rooms are wonderfully decorated and have fabulous fur blankets which were great for lounging under on a lazy new years day. There is a great oversized tub in the bathrooms and the robes got a lot of use as well as the mini bar. The breakfast buffet was modest but delicious with pastries, baked goods and coffee. I have to commend the great service of Mikaël!	
Aug 18 2009 	Sheek and beatiful	Exquisitely designed hotel, not just for looks but comfort.	
Jul 16 2009 	Nice Clean Hotel in Old Montreal	I came here for a business meeting that was set up by local colleagues in Montreal. The rooms have a trendy appeal to them and are very clean and comfortable. The lobby has a boutique style (read: small but nice) and there is a very good bar and restaurant off to the side. Other stuff:We used meeting rooms in the hotel and they were more than adequate.Breakfast was included. It was a little more than continental, which was fine.Location is good -- Old Montreal.Service was friendly and quick.Internet was free.	
Jul 7 2009 	An Incredible Experience	I love the St-Paul Hotel, one thing that really stands out about the St- Paul, is the staff.The St- Paul's staff is incredible, they cater to all your possible needs, they are courteous and polite.I look forward to every visit I have in Montreal and the St- Paul adds a whole lot to my time spent there. M.O.	
Jul 1 2009 	One for Bruno	This hotel is located on the edge of the old Montreal and very easy to access by car from outside town.It’s uber trendy and minimalist.When we booked our room we got a free upgrade to a junior suite. When we checked in we were told that the junior suite wasn’t quite ready so we got upgraded again to a deluxe suite.Needless to say, the suite was big! Stylish living room with cow skin rug, glass dinning area, huge bathroom with his&amp;his sinks, bath tub at one end and walk-in shower big enough for 3 at the other end. The bedroom was completely white with faux fur bed cover and head rest. Gorgeous and relaxing.I loved the hotel but was somewhat not impressed by Montreal itself.For dinner you should go to Le Petit Moulinsard for the best Belgium cuisine. On the other hand, absolutely avoid the Verses. The deer is good but the waiting staff is awful!	
Jun 30 2009 	Such a unique hotel! Nice change from the ordinary!	If you travel an awful lot like our group you will truly appreciate the unique experience this hotel has to offer. If you’re sick of staying at regular hotels and find yourself occasionally trying to get into the wrong room because you’re on auto-pilot, do yourself a favour and book at Hotel St. Paul for your next visit to Montreal. The hotel staff are absolutely great every time we stay at this hotel! There has always been someone there to help with our bags, check us all in, and park our cars. Another important thing to note is that these staff are always smiling!! You may be a bit surprised at the nightlife if you stay on a Thursday night but this is just one of the fun and unique features about the hotel. The rooms are gorgeous and you’ll find everything you need! I’ve stayed on the McGill side every time and I do not have a complaint about the noise as was mentioned in another post on this site. The décor of the rooms are beautiful and quite unique. I don’t want to give it away in here.. just something I think you need to experience for yourself! I’ll admit that the beds are a bit hard for my liking but then again this is just my preference and what I am use to sleeping in at home. Breakfast is a great at the hotel: fruit, cheese, pastries, a variety of breads, eggs and yogurt. They are always replenishing all of the above so no need to worry if something looks to be empty. We have never had a problem with any vandalism to any of our vehicles while staying at the hotel. It’s a shame that one person did experience this, however, when ever you park anywhere there is always a chance that this could happen! Once one of my colleagues did get a flat tire (this was a reoccurring problem with this particular rental vehicle) and the valet staff were more then happy to help her with it. The staff at this hotel are always helpful in these instances which make our stays much more enjoyable. My favourite thing in the hotel.. If you have time, make sure you try out the bathtub! And in all seriousness.. If there aren’t enough towels why not just call the front desk and ask? I hope this review has been helpful! With having over 10 staff booked at this hotel only a few weeks ago, we have no complaints as we all enjoy the time that we spend in Montreal and look forward to our next stays at Hotel St. Paul.	
Jun 12 2009 	A real disappointment...	Stayed at the St Paul for three nights on work assignment. Main purpose was to be able to relax after a long day. I'll break it down in a concise manner:The Good:The hotel is located in old Montreal, and is surrounded by trendy, upper-middle class oriented restaurants and cafes. The immediate area has a European charm to it, and makes for a nice getaway. The building the hotel is housed in, in itself, is a gorgeous early 20th century high rise. The interior has been expertly decorated and feels very modern. Room was clean and felt comfortable. Food in the restaurant is very good and priced reasonably well. The free high speed internet [wired] was also a nice touch.The Bad:Where does one begin? The staff is spotty, with a few great people surrounded by snooty and condescending individuals. On our last morning, on check-out, there was no one to even help with bags/door. I think it's safe to say that the hotel is understaffed. On top of this, we had the misfortune of having our vehicle broken into [not &quot;vandalized&quot; as the staff preferred to call it] while parked in the outdoor parking area. There was a mix up by the valet in not parking it in the more secure underground parking. When we were told of the incident, the staff were not helpful or in any way remorseful. On top of this, the mix up was handled terribly by the valet. I understand that parking lots in Montreal are a target for thieves, but if you're providing your customers with a valet service and treat a huge inconvenience such as ours with such tactless disinterest, it does not come off well. You are, after all, in the service industry. It is not a privilege for me to stay there. Rather, it is your privilege to have me stay there. Terrible experience.The hotel houses a very popular and trendy bar/restaurant and it seems that the regular Thursday night party runs well into the early morning. McGill street facing rooms will have to deal with a lot of noise. Maybe even the whole weekend is a write off with noise, I'm not sure as I didn't stay through it. Not a great thing to have to deal with if you're trying to get some rest.As previously mentioned, the beds are very hard and thus will be uncomfortable for a lot of people. The selection of toiletries is minimal, and considering what the room rates are like, this seems like a travesty. There weren't enough towels for the two us, and the turn down &quot;snack&quot; consisted of a single chocolate for two people. How considerate.FINALLY:St Paul is the perfect place for a party seeking, well off individual seeking the trendy confines of a stylishly heartless overpriced hotel. I would never again stay here, neither would I allow clients to book me there in the near future. I think a lot of work needs to be put into the training of the staff, to make sure that they know what customers need, expect and what respect is. If this was my business, I would slowly start firing a 1/3 of the staff and replace them with the kind of people who actually enjoy working at a hotel for a living. There is no need for such attitude.It's the little things that count, that give hotels it's charm and soul. As such, it is my unfortunate opinion that the Hotel St Paul lacks both, and will still need a lot of managerial work in order to get it to be the kind of place that I would like to stay at. A great comparable hotel would be the Opus. Same idea, much better experience.	
Jun 10 2009 	Trendy and beautiful hotel in the heart of old Montreal	I stayed at the St. Paul this past winter for a couple of nights. Heading into a girls weekend in Montreal, we were attracted to the St. Paul for it's great location and excellent reputation.Upon entering the lobby, I was stunned by the decor and and beautiful details like the modern fireplace and creative furniture pieces. The restaurant was also bustling with activity and was clearly the place to be for the well-dressed, good-looking clientele.Our room was gorgeous - very clean and beautifully decorated. The canopies on the beds gave the room a very light and airy feel which was anchored by the dark, hardwood floors. The giant windows overlooking the city offered wonderful natural light and a magnificent view.The bathroom, complete with embracing bathrobes and deep soaking tub, was perfect for a couple looking for a romantic getaway. While the price was a little high, the quality and service make the St. Paul well worth it.The staff were exceptionally accomodating and friendly. I would definitely like to stay there again soon. Magnifique!	
Jun 7 2009 	Most beautiful place to stay in Montreal	My friends and I spent a weekend in Montreal and had the good fortune to stay at the Hotel St.Paul. The hotel itself is incredibly beautiful and well styled. Our rooms were gorgeous with an amazing view and the bathrooms are to die for. Everything was clean and well kept. More importantly the staff were incredibly helpful, they gave us advice on where to eat, what to see, and where to go for nightlife. They answered all of our many questions and we ended up having a great time, no doubt due to their kind advice. We had dinner and drinks at the restaurant and we still talk about how delicious it was. I would absolutely recommend the Hotel St.Paul to anyone visiting Montreal, I know that we cannot wait to go back. Félicitation!	
May 20 2009 	The only hotel I stay at when in Montreal	Hotel St. Paul is truly a gem of a hotel. Located between the downtown core and Old Montreal, it is steps away from all the attractions the city has to offer. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable and the service is first-rate. And the luxurious guest rooms feature all the comforts of home, and then some. This is the true definition of a boutique hotel and the only hotel I stay at when in Montreal.	
May 18 2009 	All style but no substance	Just returned from a long weekend in Montreal. Quiet and great location, unfortunately, still a disappointing stay.Here's a list:-Very uncomfortable bed and pillows... never could get a good nights sleep-Air conditioning never worked properly-House cleaning left the door open-House cleaning cleared a bottle of wine from the room... but never touched or replaced the glasses (left on the floor beside the bed where the wine bottle was)-House cleaning walked in despite the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign	
Mar 15 2009 	Like my home in Montreal	Living in NYC I always go to Montreal for a long weekend as it is a wonderful city to hang out. Part of the reason I feel this is the St Paul. I will only stay there and have been for years. I find the Hotel chic and quite, this is not like a chain. It has a personality of its own (which I find very Montreal) and a great staff. I understand that there may be newer hotels just down the street, but their cookie cutter style is just not cutting it for me. I am going again in the start of May and will be at the St Paul	
Feb 17 2009 	dont stay here whatever you do	I stayed at the st paul with 10 other colleagues in feb 09. worst hotel experience ever. There was no hot water for two of the five days that I stayed. Not consecutive days so theynever bothered to fix the problem the first time. The staff atttude was absolutely disgusting. When there was no hot water at 7 am the response was that the engineer didnt start till 9 am so they didnt know anything till then. when it was suggested that they may want to contact him and get him in early, the response was simple- no.The breakfast was terrible- two types of fruit and cheese and that was it apart from cereal and bread. The yoghurt was out, the boiled eggs were out the bananas were out. The staff dont ever apologise for anything being wrong with the hotel, the attitude is &quot;it isnt my fault&quot;. I would sack every one if they worked for me! The last day says it all. I asked to speak with the manager, - of course he didnt start till 930 so I asked that he call my room. At 11 am I have to check out and ring to tell them that I still have had no contact with the manager. The response is &quot;You told me room 409, we have been calling that&quot;. Not a &quot;I'm sorry I must have written the room down wrong' just a simple not my problem. I could list a million other issues- no phone charges, out of towels (can you believe this!) rooms poorly cleaned or not cleaned at all and thenyou are calling reception to tell them and they tell you the cleaning staff have gone home.Do yourself a favour- just dont stay here	
Jan 8 2009 	Great hotel - Awesome Staff	We stayed in this hotel as part of our 2 weeks in Canada in September. We'd booked it via Canadian Affair, as they are able to offer preferential rates when you book flights etc with them. Before departure we'd read some fo the reviews, and of course, when you see some negatives you wonder if you'd made the right decision. But we work on the theory that it's all subjective, and in the end we decided we DID make the right choice !. We pulled up outside after a 5 hour drive from Toronto a member of hotel staff welcomed us and helped us unload our luggage. Now some people may not like a &quot;relaxed but polite and efficient&quot; attitude among staff in the service industry - but we felt it hit the spot just right for our welcome.He helped us with our bags and arranged for our vehicle to be parked - what else do you need. Check-in was efficient and once again helpful and with a smile, and that was the story for the service throughout our 3 day stay. Our room was compact, especially with 3 of us staying in it - but extremely well equipped and comfortable, with all we needed for our stay. Every night there was a turn-down service with a small chocolate left for each of us, and every morning our compimentary paper awaited us. The complimentary continental-style breakfast was more than adequate, with a wide variety of juices and more than set us up for 3 days of exploring Montreal.The location was fantastic - in the old town, with a huge choice of eateries and bars around us - and once again the staff came up trumps with their recommendations for somewhere to eat - an amazing Italian restaurant which is located in what used to be the women's jail - a must place to eat ! Would we stay here again - in a heartbeat - we actually would struggle to criticise this hotel at all - for us the service was pitched at the right level - relaxed but very efficient and polite and ALWAYS friendly and with a smile. The location was perfect, the rooms comfortable (albeit may be considered small by the standards of many North American hotels),the ambience was excellent, and the small touches like internet access, turn-down service, papers, breakfast etc all included in the price just added that extra sheen. We made our choice - and it definately was the right one !PS - we didn't detect any &quot;nasty&quot; niffs during our stay !	
Jan 2 2009	Would stay here again in a heartbeat:)	My parents met my boyfriend and me here for my 40th birthday, and we had just a fabulous time. We never did have a chance to eat at the restaurant that was there at the time (Cube, is it still?), but we had cocktails at the bar both nights that we stayed and the bartenders were so nice and friendly. The hotel is totally funky, and our room was just so cool -- check out the pictures here posted by others. On the night of my birthday, one of the staff had a piece of luscious chocolate cake, candle and everything, delivered to my room. On top of all that, it is in a prime location for exploring Vieux Montreal and all of its restaurants and arty shops, as well as the waterfront (you can see the Habitat and the Biosphere in just a short walk) and some other old, historic places. Just the old architecture around this place is amazing. The warm and fuzzy touches -- the arm-in-arm bathrobes, the chocolate on your pillow with the temperature forecast, the really nice toiletries -- all were icing on the cake.Other than the cold Canadian winter (my birthday is in November), I can't think of any negatives. We loved every restaurant (it is Montreal after all), all of which were in the neighborhood and many with live music. I remember one desk staff guy was irritated when I greeted him in French and then couldn't follow through (I can say all the important stuff in a lot of languages, but that's about it); he got over it and was really very helpful every other time.I have just great memories of this weekend, and not just because it was my birthday!	
Dec 10 2008 	What a treat	I recently travelled to Montreal on business, and the St Paul was recommended by our local colleagues. What a lovely experience from the moment we arrived at the front of the elegant entrance. Attentive staff, classy modern decor, through to every last detail in the rooms - thoughtful lighting, music playing on arrival, quality bathroom items, bathrobes, etc, etc. Situated near the waterfront and many wonderful bars and restaurant - the perfect location for those who enjoy comfortable quiet surroundings. My only wish is that we could have stayed longer!	
Dec 7 2008 	should've taken bad review seriously	Prior to this trip I read reviews about this hotel on this site. One review made me concern was the one by &quot;Breezy300&quot;. But I also read management's reply on that review and I thought it'll be ok. Well, now I learned I should've taken that review seriously.-&quot;Perfumes Chemical&quot; mentioned in the review.When we were checking in I noticed the distinctive sweet &quot;smell&quot; and made me think about the review. But Hotel staff was very pleasant and helpful, I tried not to think about it. But at the end of our stay this smell became un tolerable. We couldn't wait till leave the hotel.-Uncomfortable bedWe couldn't pinpoint what was so wrong about the bed but we had terrible night sleep. Yes, the bed was hard but I like hard bed usually. I think it was the bedding gave us some sort of allergic reaction. The hotel gave us a choice to be environmentally friendly, not to change the sheets everyday so the second day we slept in the same sheets and had bad sleep again. We asked to change the sheets on the 3rd day and some how we had better sleep. Till then we were both sneezing and I had hives. But I was in the denial, we thought we were just catching a cold since it was so cold out...So my vacation turned out quite uncomfortable one. I should've taken the advise by &quot;Breezy300&quot;.	
Oct 20 2008 	Worst hotel experience EVER!	My experience at the Hotel St Paul was, without a doubt, the worst I've ever had. Never mind that the halls are dark, the rooms are small and the beds are hard as rock, what made it impossible for me and my fiance to stay at this hotel was the fact that both the lobby and the rooms themselves reek of some kind of perfumed chemical!Upon checking in during the early afternoon, we both noticed an overpowering perfume odor emanating through the lobby. As I have traveled EXTENSIVELY for work and never before encountered a lobby that smelled like cheap car freshener, I assumed the offense was coming from a female guest who was checking in ahead of us. But, lo and behold, when we entered our room, we discovered that it was even worse! I'm not sure I can do justice to how overwhelming and sickeningly sweet the smell was, but my eyes immediately started watering, my throat constricted and my head started pounding. We called the front desk ASAP to explain that there was an overwhelming perfumey smell throughout our room. They sent up a porter who matter-of-factly explained that EACH TIME the rooms are cleaned, they are sprayed with something to make them &quot;smell good.&quot; He went on to say that he would try to find us an empty room that had not yet been made up for the day. About 20 minutes later, he returned to move us to a room down the hall. It appeared to be a downgrade as the lamp shade hung off the lamp (broken) and there was a large stain on the floor. The smell seemed like it might not be as strong, but I wasn't sure since I was actually having DIFFICULTY BREATHING by this point!!My fiance immediately opened the windows as far as they would go with the hopes of airing out the room and then he took me outside to get me some fresh air. After approximately 20 minutes of walking around, I was feeling better so we returned to the hotel, hopeful that the open windows would have done the trick. Well, upon re-entering our room, I was again assaulted by the overwhelming fumes of whatever it is they spray throughout their space. My headache came pounding back and I found myself nauseous from the smell. It wasn't that the scent itself stunk; it was that the chemicals were so strong that they were literally making me sick to my stomach. My fiance took one look at me, pale with watering eyes, and said, &quot;There is no way you can stay here. I'm having trouble breathing myself.&quot;So we went down to the front desk and explained our situation. We were told that the hotel would have been able to refund our money in full on the spot, but because we had &quot;made the mistake&quot; of booking through Travelocity, we would now have to contact them and have a cancellation form faxed over. Once they received the form from Travelocity, they assured us that they would be able to refund our money in full for the first night. They were, however, immediately able to refund our money for the following two nights. I will add that though the clerk at the front desk was forthcoming with this information, he was in no way friendly or apologetic about our situation. In fact, he was fairly rude.So there my fiance and I were in Old Montreal with all our luggage and nowhere to go, and with hoops to jump through in order to get a full refund. What a way to start a vacation. But the story doesn't end there. Once we were finally situated at another hotel (no easy feat to find an opening at the last moment), we contacted Travelocity so that they could fax the cancellation form to the Hotel St Paul. Travelocity said that they first needed to contact the hotel. When they did, the Hotel St Paul told them that if we had not wanted to stay in the hotel, we never should've checked in in the first place! WHAT?! What happened to &quot;just have them fax over a cancellation form so that we can refund your money&quot;? The Hotel St Paul then went on to say that we had been at the hotel for more than 4 hours and for those two reasons combined they were now refusing to refund our money. But it was a boldface lie, as we had not even been IN MONTREAL for 4 hours at that point! The bottom line is that the Hotel St Paul STOLE over $215 from us for a room we were not in for even 2 hours, they lied when they promised us a refund, they were rude to us, and I'm fairly sure they filled our room anyway, since it was very hard for us to find a vacancy elsewhere and there were others on the street looking as well. My question is: how dare the Hotel St Paul ADMIT to spraying chemicals throughout their rooms after I told them that I was having a reaction but then refuse to refund our money? We did not stay at their hotel for the simple reason that we COULD NOT physically stay at their hotel. Had we tried to continue to stay there, I very likely would've had to go to a doctor. As it was, it took hours of me resting in bed with a rag over my head to recover. I was sick from the fumes in that place! Sick! And WHY did the clerk at the front desk tell us that our money would be refunded if they never intended to refund our money?Honestly, I would advise anyone-- especially people who find themselves the least bit sensitive to chemicals-- to look elsewhere. This hotel is waaaay overrated, and the experience was the very worst hotel experience I've ever had, and I have stayed at a lot of hotels! As I said, the halls are dark, the rooms are nothing special, the beds are uncomfortable-- but it is the God-awful fumes permeating the air that will make you wish you'd never set foot in this place. I know there are a lot of positive reviews about this hotel, but I am begging you to heed the negative reviews. Several people have complained of being treated poorly by the staff, and I saw another review where the patrons were told that had they made their reservation through the front desk (via phone) as opposed to through the Hotel's website, they could've gotten a full refund. Excuses, excuses. What difference does it make if you book your reservation over the phone, through their website or through a travel website? If you have people who are so unhappy with what they're encountering, maybe the staff of Hotel St Paul should pay attention! At the very least, an apology with a refund is in order. Think twice, people. There are much better hotels out there. Much better.	
Oct 20 2008 	4 Stars??	We just got back from Hotel St. Paul. We booked a room which was called &quot;Queen Deluxe -upgraded&quot;. Given that we travel quite a bit an have been to some of really nice hotels (Mandarin Oriental, Banyan Tree, Ritz) these are what we thought about Hotel St. Paul.Positive: If you are looking for a good location and pleasant staff, then this is it. The hotel locates near very nice boutiques, galleries, and restaurants. Front desk staff is very helpful in terms of arranging for taxi and giving directions/suggestions (places to visit, restaurants, metro, etc). Negative: Given a rating on this website, Hotel St.Paul receives 4 stars which I think is misleading. The hotel's bed (smaller than Queen size) and pillows(2) are suitable for those who like their mattress and pillows Firm. We asked for 1 extra down (soft) pillow in the morning, and in the afternoon housekeeping staff told us that they did not get the request. Nonetheless when I asked another staff he brought us yet another firm pillow. Also being that Montreal is in a cold part of the world, the only (thin) carpet in the room was sparse and there was no rug to be found.	
Oct 2 2008 	Absolutely Excellent	If you're into super posh hotels, that I have never been to, maybe this one is lacking as these other people claim, however, if you are used to the hostel to mid-grade hotel stay this place is excellent in comparison! My boyfriend and I went for 4 days in August to get away and we had such a great time! It was such a nice place, we felt like we didnt belong the entire time and absolutely loved it! The area itself is Old Montreal so its a little expensive, but theres a couple of convenience stores (Couche Tarde) for easy things, within walking distance and its really only a short walk to Ste. Catherines or even Chinatown. If you don't walk, Place Victoria metro is not more than 3 block away. Its an absolutely exceptional hotel if your into modern themes! Definately check it out, you won't be disappointed.	
Aug 18 2008 	One small problem	Let me preface this review by saying that I booked this hotel at the last minute for a summer weekend in Montreal, so I understand that availability was seriously limited, in addition to this expedia did state the rate was a slightly discounted one.We stay in Montreal quite a bit as my husband's head office is based in the city. We do like to stay in the smaller boutique hotels in old Montreal and have had some wonderful stays at some truly memorable hotels. As to our stay at the St Paul I will not be booking there again, for which there was only one reason. My reason for not staying in the hotel is that I am sure that we were given the worst room in the building and the worst room in this building is not good. The issue was that that the windows of this room look into a dark square surrounded on all sides by other buildings and fire escapes. The result is that the room is so dark that you must have the lights on at all times to be able to see, and if you want an idea of the weather you actually need to go downstairs to determine what to wear for the day because you actually cannot see any daylight at all from the windows of this room. I found this room to be so claustrophobic that I wanted to be out of there the minute that I woke up and unfortunately this coloured my whole experience at this hotel. I will say that staff in this hotel were pleasant and helpful and were happy to discuss the best places to see in the city and advise if they thought that some of our planned stops may not have been the best idea given our short stay in the area. In addition to this, their location is perfect if your plan is to wander around the city.It really was a shame because the room itself was perfectly fine, clean and as another reviewer commented the tub is to die for. So my suggestion is this, if you are booking into this hotel make sure you ask for a room with a view!	
Aug 11 2008 	This is THE place to stay in Old Montreal	The Hotel St. Paul is the only way to experience Old Montreal. I spent three nights there and absolutely loved it. The decor was planned perfectly, reflecting sleek European design. The style, in fact, helps you realize that you really have left the United States when going to Montreal.Hotel St. Paul's staff was attentive and hospitable without being overbearing. They speak both English and French flawlessly, and they were kind enough to tolerate my feeble attempts at the latter. In fact, this was one of the best hotel teams I have seen.The rooms were a bit smaller than you'll find in major brand hotels, but I found them to be perfectly sufficient. There was a workspace between the bedroom and bathroom (which normally would be folded into a larger bedroom), and I liked the distinction between work and relaxation that it afforded.If you stay at the Hotel St. Paul, you will have to sacrifice the loyalty points that come with the major brands, but it's worth it. You will never have an experience quite like this at the big chains.	
Jul 7 2008 	Promised so much .....	Heard great things about Montreal and decided on a weekend break. Looked for a 'boutique' hotel and the St Paul filled the purpose.Located on the fringe of Vieux Montreal it is a little out of the way even if located on a main thoroughfare. Nearest metro station is c 10 min walk away from where you can get to the rest of the city.The room was spacious, however, needed a little TLC. Blinds were broken, sofa was old and buckled and needed replacing, bed was uncomfortable.The worst part though was breakfast. I have never experienced such a calamity. There was no order or organisation. Tables were left dirty and not cleared/cleaned. Patrons waited for some time to be seated. Insufficient number of staff on the floor to run the breakfast shift. Food was ordinary and uninviting.From a city with so much to give, felt totally let down by the hotel. This could be a wonderful place to stay but fell well short of its 'boutique' status.	
Jul 2 2008	Great Location	My Wife and I were here in June of 2008 and really enjoyed our stay.Great location for walking around Montreal. Very close to the old port area and short walk up to St Catherine. A Bit of a hike to St Steven but very doable if the weather is nice.We chose a Superior Room and it was a bit smaller than expected but very comfortable and we were not in the room all that much.Staff is extremely helpful and courteous. Will stay again.	
Jan 7 2008 	Extremely Average Hotel	Stayed at Hotel St. Paul for Christmas. Very average accomodation. The hotel totally lacks any ambience or atmosphere. My main issue with the rooms was the level of cleanliness. Whilst pouring water into the iron I spilled some water on the timber floor. I got tissues to clear it up and the tissue was black with dirt when I was done wiping up the water. As the hotel is downtown in Old Montreal and the nightlife is 15 - 20 min walk in the Catherine St / Cresent St area I would not recocomend the location to people looking for a party scene.	
Oct 27 2007 	Wow - I'm impressed	We booked this hotel through the Montreal tourism website and got a wonderful deal. Check-in was quick and friendly. I told her this was my first time to Montreal and she quickly pulled out a map and showedme where we were and a few points of interest. Its the little things that get me - when we went into our room everything looked impecable and there was nice music playing. You have to use your room key to have any lights on. I thought this was an interesting energy saving idea. I took some pictures almost right away (before I had time to mess the place up too badly).I thought the bed and the chair were both quite comfortable and fell in love with the bath tub. I had 3 nice long bathes while I was there(stayed 2 nights). I just wanted to comment, that everything in the room (and bathroom) were spotless! Unfortunately we were awoken a little earlier than we would have liked. There is some construction near by. The first morning it didn't wake us until 9am, but the second morning they were at it at like 7:30am. It's nothing that you can hold against the hotel though.Breakfast was nice. A wide variety of breads, cereal, cheese, fruit, and yogurt. It was a nice relaxing start to the day. We didn't use our car once while we were there. We walked to the bell centre and down through old Montreal. We took a cab to St. Catherines street forshopping, but that's only because it was raining. We took the Metro out to the bio-dome; the metro station is a short walk from the hotel.Overall, I was very impress with this hotel. If I return to Montreal,I will definately consider staying here again.	
Oct 12 2007 	Nice building but...	I had stayed at the St.Paul a couple of years ago and had a moderate experience. I thought that over time it may have improved so I decided to return . If anything ,it has sadly declined in service and cleanliness. I was shocked at the rude behaviour from some of the staff , the poor quality food , and the sub standard housekeeping. There is no point in detailing my experience however I suggest that when travelling to Montreal there are a number of other hotels in the area to choose from . It boggles my mind how a hotel can charge approx. $300.00 a night for a suite that has black mould around the bath tub and stains on all of the upholstery. I don't see this property doing very well in the future unless the management takes steps to improve.	
Sep 18 2007 	an Elegant Surprise	After carefully considering our many options, my husband and I decided to stay at the Hotel St Paul.We were very pleasantly surprised - in every aspect. We were given the warmest reception by the doorman, and the receptionist - both were extremely polite and seemed genuinely happy. Our room was on the 6th floor facing the street - I thought it might be noisy, but it was actually very quiet. Our room was pleasantly air conditioned when we arrived, and we both enjoyed that classical music was playing when we entered the room- it seemed very homey and welcoming,especially in such a minimalist themed hotel. The room design was calming and beautiful, and the giant bath tub was a real treat. We enjoyed the morning breakfasts very much - compared to other buffets, this had so much class and seemed refined.People were encouraged to relax and read the paper, to take a seat on the cozy velvet sofas and just spend time enjoying the morning.The waiting staff were quick and professional.We couldn't have been happier about the location, and walked to many tourist sights such as the Cathedral,the docks,through the Old city and to the Market Bonsecours, having no trouble finding our way back. The restaurants in the surrounding area (Old Montreal) were many, and we especially enjoyed a nearby charcutterie, and crepes at a dessert shop.I was actually shocked at the friendliness of all we encountered during our visit - I had heard rumours of unfriendliness in the locals, and must say it is absolutely false.If you go,wear a smile and expect courtesy and professionalism - that's what you will receive, and much more!	
Sep 3 2007	Overall good service needs upgrading	The good: nice room (studio suite--well designed, clean, light, comfortable, plenty of storage), great location, excellent restaurant.The mediocre: bathroom (some nice design touches, but overall more 3 star than 4 star), housekeeping (infrequent and not helpful), the service at the restaurant (then again, pretty normal for Montreal--nice enough, but desperately inefficient), the breakfast buffet (don't like them anyway, so maybe I'm biased).The bad: the reception staff, with one exception (sorry don't remember his name), otherwise ranging from rude to ineffective to, well, painfully slow (and unfortunately, all requests, from restaurant reservations to housekeeping, etc, go through reception). The worst: reservation had been mysteriously canceled and only major aggressiveness and string-pulling secured a room.	
Aug 26 2007 	Super stylish helpful and convenient hotel!!	Loved this hotel located conveniently in the Old City! We went there for a long weekend in August and had a wonderful stay. The high level of service started even before we got there; we had requested a smoking, standard-sized room on the penthouse floor and were informed that the floor was non-smoking, however they could upgrade our room to a Junior Suite on a lower floor that allowed smoking. So we ended up with a suite for the price of a standard room (thank you, St. Paul!)Everyone at the front desk was extremely helpful in making reservations for us, arranging cars, and suggesting restaurants to go to. The hotel is really beautiful in a NY/Soho/Tribeca loft kind of way - high ceilings with big windows, lots of natural light, dark wood floors, minimal decor, and gorgeous staff. Compared to the lightness of the rooms, the hallways and elevators are really dark (like a nightclub). Great bathroom with large tub and lovely bath products and robes. Very good chocolates given out. The room was surprisingly noise-free although one night I could hear the bass of a nightclub diagonally across the street when I had the window open. The hotel itself is located on a main street that is somewhat quiet at night. There is a Metro stop a few blocks away and your located near some great restaurants. We had a great time and would highly recommend.	
Aug 26 2007 	A comfortable stay	We have just come back from a three night stay at the Hotel Saint Paul in Montreal, which we booked through Sweet Deals Montreal. The hotel is located in the Old Port on McGill Street. Great location, walking distance to all major attractions in the Old Town and a short cab ride (or longer walk) away from the shopping and night life of downtown. We booked a standard queen room:fabulous, comfortable bed, great shower and bath. Minor annoyances: phone for local calls didn't work, safe broke down (was fixed after we waited for a technician). The stay included a continental breakfast which was decent and got our day started. On the down side, we were not too impressed with the service of the staff, specifically the concierge. They were pleasant enough, but had a hard time answering tourist related questions such as those regarding current festivals, yoga classes, location of cafes, etc. We have been to Montreal several times and have stayed at the W Hotel (very funky and cool), the Nelligan (pricey but fabulous luxury) and the Chateau Versailles (just okay). We would definitely go back to the W and Nelligan, might go back to Saint Paul's.	
Aug 24 2007 	Wonderful 	Three of us stayed in this hotel 2 nights. It is in the middle of an area with lots of students, artists and restaurants. It is near Old Montreal and within walking distance of great food. The staff was very helpful. The breakfast, which is included, was great and the setting lovely. The hotel is in an old building which has been renovated and has a variety of wonderful rooms which retain elements of the old brick and courtyard. The place was also immaculate.	
Jul 30 2007	Will go back every time	I loved this hotel. Talk about a four/ five star hotel. You get the paper every morning. At night, your bed is made, the lights dimmed and a little surprise left for you. The rooms were big and very clean, just excellent. The hotel is 2 blocks from the old port and several museums. IN addition, it is only 15 minutes walking distance from downtown. The only thing is that wasn't much variety for the breakfast- toast, cereal, boiled eggs, muffins. Other than this, the staff was very helpful and the hotel was excellent- english and french spoken..	
Jul 5 2007 	Overall nice but a little rough around the edges	We stayed in a junior suite, which was nicely laid out. The bathroom is very nice. However, the sofa in the living room was surprisingly dirty (a white sofa -- probably a bad choice to start with), which was a turn off, especially when one is paying $370. Service was pleasant but my experience with the doormen was similar to that of a previous poster -- they were often not around. Since we were with a child and stroller, their absence was noticed. Otherwise, though, the staff were very kind and attentive. I did notice, however, that room service dishes and trays remained in the hallways for a long time. The continental breakfast was very good, and the chocolates at turn-down were delicious! The location is wonderful for tourists. Overall, it was a nice and comfortable hotel experience, but not quite as nice as I expected for the rate.	
Jul 5 2007 	Luxe boutique hotel	Traveled there some time ago but am considering a visit again so I'm posting my experience. I've been to a few smaller hotels before, Hotel Godin, and le Meridien but the sleeker modern feel of St Paul attracted me. The hotel is definitely the sleekest and most minimally gorgeous one in Montreal. The lobby is fantastic with the large fireplace and cute minibar at the front while the hallways are shrouded in a unique red glow that gives a real feel to the place. The room is similarly decorated with clean lines and a wonderful bedding and nice finishes, we had a great view of the city too from our window. The desk staff were a joy to deal with but the service needs some work for a hotel of this caliber. Check-in was great and the concierge service is certainly one of the better ones to get hard-to-find reservations and city know-how. A TV problem was attended to and fixed in just a few minutes. Very smooth and professional every time I spoke with the desk. But room service was below par, as one night the very small minibar counter hadn't been cleaned and another night the bathroom still had robes and towels on the floor! It didn't actually bother us that much and we were too busy to report it but compared to hotels even below this class the lack of basic room cleaning seemed very out of place with the hotel's projected class. Another more irritating issue was the iron had some sort of odd residue that I didn't notice that lead to it permanently staining one of my shirts. I called the front desk with the problem and the iron was replaced but otherwise nary an acknowledgment of the damage. The restaurant is truly wonderful and an exceptional deal for the prix-fixe lunch, I had one of the best salads there in my life. The continental breakfast is the expected buffet with a nice selection of fruit, cereals, pastries in a very nice dining area. In spite of the service guffaws I plan to stay there again and book a suite for the next trip (when business allows) - the great look and the always congenial (if not competent) service is enough to give it another shot.PROS:-Beautiful everything-Wonderful restaurant-Excellent concierge and staff dealingsCONS:-Obvious room service issues-Iron marked my shirt! Hotel didn't seem to care-Doorman was inconsistent; great when he was around (but only about 1/2 the time).	
May 27 2007 	Hotel St. Paul - Minimalist design 	Nice, modern - yet unpretentious - hotel in good, albeit somewhat outer part of the old town (5-10 min. walk to center of old town). Excellent, helpful staff.We opted for a junior suite, which included a separate sitting area with additional TV. Nice touches included chocolate, turndown service with music, and lovely toiletries (previous post complained, but it's all a matter of taste). Some areas of the suite showed a little wear. For instance, room could use some touch up paint, floors slightly scratched, etc--however, nothing that would prevent us from staying again. Main floor bar/restaurant was under construction when we stayed, but it looks like it will be a hip/luxurious place to hang out. We ate at Holder, just a few doors down from the hotel. Great meal. Hotel's continental breakfast was surprisingly filling and delicious!Highly recommended for someone who enjoys unfussy service and minimalist design.	
May 22 2007	Has potential but needs some direction	Recently returned from a 4 night stay at Hotel St. Paul. Had booked it because of the good reviews, as well as the nod from Travel &amp; Leisure in their top 500 hotels issue.Overall, not bad, but not sure about the top 500 stuff, missing too many details to get a rating this lofty.Staff are very good, attentive and willing to do the extra. Cleanliness is missing a beat, front lobby has mixed paint patterns on walls around reception, floors are generally quite dirty especially in 'corners' were details are usually missed. Furniture in lobby is beaten up, legs on chairs could use some work.Rooms are quite nice, decently appointed, TV in our room was a pain as remote control never worked properly, either couldn't get it to switch channels or it did 3 channels at a time. Turn down service which is used as good publicity in all their advertising was hit and miss, we received it on 2 nights only (it appears unless you are going out at 6pm only you will get it, otherwise the lady doing it the one night was asked at 6:30 to come back in an hour once we had left, but never returned). Room service trays stay in the halls for hours, not very nice for look or smell.Breakfast is excellent on the 2nd floor, great selection and decent service. Location is ideal for those looking to be in Old Montreal, found it to be quite quiet in evenings and only a 5-10 minute walk to most restaurants.Place has potential, but needs a little direction from the top to be who they claim to be - would recommend but with reservations!	
Mar 19 2007 	One of my favourite hotels!	I have stayed at Hotel St. Paul twice and each time have felt pampered. I love the juxtaposition of combining modern interior design with older buildings, thus I adore the decor of St. Paul. I first stayed at Hotel St. Paul in 2005, when the hotel I originally had booked failed to honour my reservations. The staff at Hotel St. Paul were extremely accomodating. The situation with the other hotel was frustrating but the staff at St. Paul offered compassion and care. In the end I was more than pleased with the change in plans. In December I got stranded in the Montreal airport after midnight, unable to catch my connecting flight due to a storm. Not wanting to sleep in the airport, I called Hotel St. Paul and was thrilled that they had a room. My second experience there was just as good as the first, with helpful, understanding staff and a beautifully upkept room. The croissants at the breakfast lounge were delicious.The rooms are fresh and lofty. Clean-lined design is chic but not too cold. I particularly like the dark stained hard wood floors. The washrooms feature deep soaker tubs and beautiful marble and tile.If boutique style hotels are up your alley, then definitely consider staying at Hotel St. Paul. While I enjoyed my time alone there, since it is nestled in the heart of charming Old Montreal, it would make for the perfect spot for a romantic getaway.	
Feb 16 2007 	Where did everyone go	I usually stay at Hotel St Paul but was disappointed this time that the restaurant is closed and the room service option is cold as someone has to deliver it from the restaurant down the road in sub zero temperatures. Also, other than the great young barman the place now seems devoid of staff - especially noticable when you arrive with a heavy case and the door won`t open in -20c.	
Feb 4 2007 	You'll probably get more for your $ elsewhere	The hotel is in the outskirts of the Old Town, but in easy walking distance to the Metro as well as restaurants and bars, which is convenient. The outside and the surrounding environs of St. Paul is lovely. However, what I noticed when I first got out of the cab was the enormous sewage excavation that was taking place around the entrance of the hotel. This was apparently to continue for the next couple of months. Thankfully, my room was high enough that I never heard any construction noises, but I imagine the floors closer to street level weren't so fortunate.Check-in was smooth and shortly after I got to my room, front desk called up to see if everything was all right. I asked for an extra robe, as the double occupancy room I had only seemed to have one. The clerk cheerfully told me she would send it up with someone from housekeeping. Neither housekeeping nor robe arrived. We ended up asking the cleaning staff for an extra robe the next morning. The room itself was small and oddly decorated with modern touches, mixed with particle board Ikea-esque furniture. The hotel was very, very dimly lit, which I can only guess was meant to add a &quot;modern&quot; look to the place. Breakfast consisted of cold pastries and cereal. The toiletries smelled vile and the soap felt like a rubber eraser and foamed up not at all. All of these issues are minor, but when added up, they didn't warrant the amount we were spending on our stay. But most of all, the service just wasn't what we expected. Upon check out, we noticed the the bill included a charge for the minibar. Since neither of us had even taken anything from the fridge, we contested it. Instead of apologising for the error and taking the $5 charge off, the clerk asked question after question. Were we sure that we didn't take the alcohol from the minibar? Was anyone else staying with us that could have possibly taken it? Had we had guests up to our room? Then she took out a large book that I guess contained records of everything that was ever restocked in every minibar in the hotel and proceeded to search for evidence. Basically calling us liars. Yes, folks, after spending five nights and over $1,200 at a hotel, we frequently like to get a little something back by taking a $5 bottle of bourbon and lying to the hotel. We remained as civil as possible and after 15 more minutes of more &quot;are you sure?&quot; questions from the clerk, she finally deigned to take the charge off. It left us with a sour note to an otherwise great visit to Montreal. I'll definitely be back to the city, but not to Hotel St. Paul.	
Jan 19 2007 	Well deserved 5 stars!!	This is our 3rd stay at Hotel St-Paul within the last 3 years and I must say our last stay was the best one yet. I have never bothered with write-ups or comment cards but felt it was due when my wife could not stop talking about our experiences to our friends and family. Our first trip here almost 3 years ago was romantic and spontaneous. My wife and I organized a last minute weekend getaway to celebrate her birthday, which just so happened to be while the jazz festival was taking place. We arrived and were immediately impressed with the exterior of the hotel, the valet who greeted us, and the lobby of this magnificent hotel. Wow! Registration was quick and informative (offered a map and brief rundown of the surroundings, which helped alot.) The room was sleek in design, charming in ambience, yet simplistic and minimal, and very comfortable. The location was perfect with everything in walking distance. For our two evenings, we relied on suggestions from the concierge and were not dissappointed. We enjoyed two evenings of culinary gems, both ending with the outdoor festivities and pleasant walks back to the hotel. We found the concierge team both informative and very knowledgable. To complete a great weekend, the hotel suprised us with a small bottle of champagne and strawberries, with a card reading &quot;Happy Birthday&quot;. Kudos to the hotel, for gestures like that go a long way!The one point I thought could be improved is the selection of the bed size. I enjoy the comfort of my king size bed, but it seems the hotel is equipped with queens only. My wife keeps reminding me that it is not so bad to sleep closer to each other for a couple of days...she's right!Our second visit was during May of last year, when we reserved 3 rooms as we convinced four of our closest friends to visit Montreal for the first time. We all decided to drive to Montreal and were all dumbfounded when we encountered a construction site directly in front of the hotel. Driving in the old town was horrific and terribly frustrating. We voiced our discontent and were politely upgraded so the noise would not damper our weekend. From that point after, our stay was just what we expected. Two days before our arrival, I had contacted the concierge (Michelle) who instantly sent me links to restaurants, wine bars, and lounges that she recommended. She then made all the reservations and also took the time to go out of her way and purchased wine and cheese so we could enjoy upon our arrival. Everything was perfect and our friends were impressed. All the staff never seize to amaze us with their desire to please. Our friends enjoyed the hotel very much and we are certain they will be back without us next time. For those interested, the restaurants we enjoyed were Joe Beef and Chez L'Epicier. Thank you Michelle. We also had the chance to visit Jean Talon Market, St-Joseph's Oratory, and Botanical Gardens. All are accessible by subway and were explained perfectly by the concierge team. Our most recent trip which was a week before Christmas and by far the best trip yet. For starters, no more construction! It looks fantastic, with a beautiful boardwalk running thru Old Montreal and leading towards the waterfront. Spectacular! Also, what we found comforting, is that the team of concierges, valets, and doormen are all the same as our first trip to this hotel. It is very much a family and somehow we now feel part of it. Both are details that make it a pleasure to return to Hotel St-Paul. Upon check-in, we met Steve again, the jovial young valet, who greeted us with an enormous smile. The time it took to complete our registration, our car was parked and luggages comfortably installed in our room. To our delight, we met Michelle and she instantly (knowing we are food fanatics) suggested le Club Chasse et Peche. Unable to book a reservation the first night, we enjoyed Bronte(French, Mediteranean gastronomy) and jazz bar afterwards ( Upstairs). A wonderful evening that we thought would be hard to beat. We were wrong! The following day began with shopping and ended with a carriage ride in the old city. We were dropped off in front of Chasse et Peche and what an experience it was! For anybody visiting Montreal: try and book a reservation here! It is well worth the price.On a closing note: If you planning a trip to Montreal...think strongly of staying at Hotel St-Paul...we are fans because of their class, sincerity, and true professionalism. In today's society, many hotels are similar but it is nice to have a hotel that has some real personality. Kudos again!!	
Jan 18 2007 	Groovy	I never expected that such a modern, hip looking hotel would have the top notch staff included. Usually this type of hotel has inexperienced, apathetic and trageically hip staff that makes you to never go back. Not here, though! My experience with everyone was a surprize. They were pleasant, helpful and efficient. Thanks, Hotel St. Paul for a truly nice stay! By the way, the suite was gorgeous!	
Jan 3 2007 	4 stars!!	The Hotel St. Paul was an excellent hotel, very nice design, clean aesthetic, very modern without the cold feeling you get in some of the trendy, contemporary hotels. We were recently at the Puerta America hotel in Madrid, the over-the-top high design hotel that has won numerous architectural awards and this hotel had a very similar vibe but where the Puerta America would sacrifice design for functionality, the St. Paul made no such sacrifices.Above all else, the service at the hotel was second to none, everyone from the front desk receptionist to the room attendant was very friendly and eager to accomodate every request. Our stay was a last-minute reservation over NYE to surprise my wife and I did not have reservations anywhere. I sought the help of the concierge (Eric) and he jumped right in, offered numerous suggestions and called almost every restaurant in town. Of course being last minute and a major holiday, most restaurants were fully booked or closed but Eric was undeterred and did everything he could to get us a seating.The hotel is also in a good location located in the heart of Vieux Montreal and right on Rue St. Paul where a lot of bars and restaurants are. It's also minutes away from the subway so did not need a car and we were able to use the subway and walk to most sites.All in all it was a great stay and we hope to stay there again in the near future, hopefully when the weather is a little warmer!	
Dec 19 2006 	Great boutique hotel	We stayed at St. Paul's for 4 nights in Nov. For staters, the setting in Vieux Montreal is romantic. Then you walk into this cozy, modern, minimalist hotel with a captivating fireplace and you feel welcomed to the city.We loved our room with hardwood floors, incredible dark chocolates at bedtime, and soft jazz playing when you entered. The breakfast of cheeses, fruits and baked goods each morning reminded me of Eurpoe.The staff was very helpful, even when they goofed. We were given wrong directions to a playhouse and missed the show. They sent up a bottle of champagne and refunded us the show tickets.The Cube restaurant seemed to be a happening place on the weekend. We enjoyed dinner there and loved the espresso martini from the bar.We found lots of nice, little touches at the hotel such as complementary umbrellas, newspapers and the turndown service. St. Paul's was convenient to most things with lots of museums, restaurants, bars and the metro within close walking distance.We will certainly stay here again.	
Nov 18 2006 	Great Service	I was given less than 3 weeks to organize a client event for 60 clients and 12 staff and was recommended to the Hotel St. Paul. From start to finish the service I received was impeccable. Genevieve our corporate planner was a superstar. She thought of things I had forgotten and just took care of them. Alex at the front door was a delight - so willing and helpful and attentive. And the food from Diane at Cube was spectacular. I totally recommend the Hotel St. Paul as ideal for a chic, hip, corporate event. It carries the cachet of a high-end boutique hotel with a very reasonable price tag.And the rooms. Wow. As the planner, I received a complimentary upgrade to the Penthouse floor with its gorgeous vaulted 13 foot ceilings. My room was visually stunning, with ebony wood floors and the tallest windows I've ever seen in a hotel room with wooden shutters instead of the ubiquitous blackout curtains. And the bathroom....OMG. The tub. I could swim in it. Seriously. I only wish I could have stayed more than one night and have had more free time to hang out in my room.For the actual event, we had Salle 1 &amp; 2 as well as a reception area in the 2nd Floor Atrium area. And what a knockout it was. From the hip lounge music to the chic &amp; attentive waitstaff, to the amazing food, our clients (native Montrealers), as well as the high standards of the principals of our organization - all were completely impressed. I did not hear one single complaint or criticism, and with an event of this magnitude &amp; expectation level, that is high praise indeed.The only thing I could possible complain about, would be the road construction currently taking place in old Montreal that made it difficult for our clients to attend our event. But that's hardly the fault of the Hotel St. Paul. This property is fantastic and I give it a gigantic thumbs up.	
Oct 28 2006 	Felt more expensive than it was!	Superb hotel (despite the road works ongoing outside).Loved the decor and the contemporary feel. The bed was super-comfortable, the room sizeable and it had a fabulous bathroom with a two person bath tub.Buffet continental breakfast was good value and was available until 10.30am. Location for old town and port couldn't be beaten.We'll be back.	
Sep 4 2006 	Pleasantly surprised.	I was a bit hesitant to stay at this hotel because it looked rather trendy and ultra-modern, and I am one of those people who like classic and old-fashioned decor. My wife and I ultimately chose it because of its location. We were pleasantly surpised. Yes, it is ultra-modern. The minute you walk in it puts you in mind of the W Hotel chain (though less pretentious). Very modern, very chic. But once you get passed that (assuming you don't like modern) it is a very likeable hotel. First off, the staff is amazingly helpful The valet took care of our car immediately (which was great since we arrived after midnight). The front desk was very helpful offering suggestions on places to eat, places to site-see, and where to find ATM machines. When we were checking out, we wanted to have them hold onto our luggage while we went and grabbed brunch at a local restaurant. We didn't even have to make this request of them since the attendant behind the desk beat us to the punch and asked us if we'd like for the hotel to hold our luggage while we got something to eat (he even recommended a great little jazz joint around the corner from the hotel). The staff at the St.Paul was exceptional.As for the rooms...they are pretty modern and have a minimalist decor. Though I prefer classic, the rooms were indeed comfortable and clean. Loved the dark wood floors. There was a large flat panel television with all the stations you could want. The bathroom was stately and had a deep bathtub capable of comfortably fitting two people. There was also a nice work area off of the foot of the bed. It was great. To add that extra touch, they had a very modern cd player/radio that was softly playing classical music when we first entered the room. After having spent 5 hours on the road prior to arriving, it is extremely relaxing to walk into a clean comfortable room with soothing music playing in the background. I loved that added tocuh of comfort.The location is hard to beat. We were within easy walking distance of Old Port, the Old City, and China Town. You are near to all these locations without being right in the midst of the crowd that you find at those locations. Thus, you get a quiet spot to rest in, and are only a 3 to 5 minutes walk from all the action. Couldn't be situated any better. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the St. Paul and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 1 2006	Cool and Convenient	Very nice hotel located just on the edge of old city. The staff were professional, kind and helpful when asked. The decor is simple, modern and clean. The dark hallways take some getting used to, though. My only complaint -- very uncomfortable fold out sofa bed in the jr. suite and some question about whether the sheets on the bed were fresh. (There was a mysterious sunflower seed!)Don't let that scare you off. It's worth a stay to experience great contemporary design.	
Sep 1 2006 	Very nice but noisy	My friend and I stayed at the St. Paul for two nights and found it very posh and well located. The lobby is small but very cool with an open marble fireplace and lounging chairs. Our first room was small and its window faced the fire escape. We also had the misfortune of having a loud couple a few doors down - we could hear EVERYTHING they were doing, in addition to peole knocking on others' doors, people on cell phones in he hallway etc. I would say the hotel had less sound proofing than your typical chain hotel, which is frustrating. The room itself was minimal yet cozy, with faux fur blanket, flat screen tv, a huge mirror leaning against the wall, and nice bathroom. The breakfast was good, too.Our second night we switched to a larger room, with a window overlooking McGill Street. It had a different configuration but was also sleek yet comfortable.	
Jul 7 2006	Unique and Cultured	Hotel St. Paul is a unique place filled with culture and style. The attendees helped me with my baggage and parked my car in their open air garage right after I pulled up. Upon being helped in the Hotel, I was dazzled by the fireplace in the lobby. The concierge were very nice throughout my stay and actually helped me find directions to the La Ronde amusement park for the fireworks competition (Argentina). The penthouse that I booked was impressive in the fact that it resembled a New York City Studio sized apartment. The high cielings along with tall windows are impressive and the lighting in the room was unique. Inside, features are minimal and simplistic to the point that it encourages you to relax on the very comfortable bed. Please set the alarm **hehehe**. The LCD TV also adds to the simplistic nature of the environment. The only downside was that I couldn't find any drawers for my clothes, though, there is a closet to hang my clothes. For those who like more room, go and book the suites in advance. Please bring a laptop if you have one, since internet there is complimentary and it really helps with finding directions to all your destinations. The Hotel St Paul is in a strategic location where you can hit most of the scenes on St Paul Street and the Harbor. Restaurants and Souveneirs Stores are abundant around that area and truly adds to the magic of living there. I recommend eating at the Papallion for the Salmon and THE KEG for the Steaks. Also try this ice cream shop near the Hotel on St Paul Street. It's a million flavors with smoothness to back it up.. Bottom line, St. Paul is definitely an experience and I would recommend it for anyone looking for unique, tasteful, comfort. &quot;Book and Rest&quot;	
Jun 27 2006	Trendy 	We just spent five nights in the St Paul and had a lovely stay. The hotel is in a good location in the old town and is about a 10 min walk up to the main shopping area of Rue St Catherine. The hotel is chic and minimalist in style. The room was very comfortable and kept very clean during our stay. We have no complaintsl. You should not be disappointed with your stay at this hotel. The hotel's restaurant seems quite expensive though. There's plenty of places to eat in Montreal's old town and up in the new town....	
Jun 26 2006	Amazing anniversary stay!	My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel St. Paul for our 6th anniversary in March and it was lovely. From the moment we arrived, the staff were nothing but courteous and helpful. Having told them that we were there for our anniversary, they made sure to make our trip extra special. We wanted to have a nice dinner together and the hotel staff delivered with a great recommendation (Bronte). Not only that, but they told the restaurant that we were having an anniversary dinner so when we arrived, the hostess greeted us at the door and congratulated us. For the rest of the evening the waitstaff came by with little treats sent from the chef in honor of our special day! All in all, a great stay and while it was a little more than we would usually spend, for a special occasion it was well worth it. Highly recommended for a romantic getaway. I can't thank them enough for making sure that my boyfriend and I had an anniversary to remember!	
Jun 20 2006	Fantastic Hotel	My husband and I stayed at Hotel St Paul for 2 days in June 06. We were very impressed from the outset. The room was large, well equipped and although decorated in a minimalist style was very comfortable. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly, especially Eric. A Continental Breakfast was included in the rate and was very enjoyable. We made use of the valet parking, which cost $18 CAD and allows you to take the car in and out as often as required. There are some roadworks taking place outside the hotel, but this could barely be heard within the hotel. All in all, a super hotel that I would recommend without hesitation.	
Jun 1 2006	Great Hotel excellent staff and superb restaurant	We stayed at the Hotel St. Paul for 4 days and had a wonderful time. We also were confused about the complaints of other reviewers.Hotel St. Paul has a great lobby area (Not like a Chain hotel). Its small, cool fireplace, great seating. They have a small bar outside of Cube Restaurant which makes great drinks.Everytime we asked for suggestions from anyone in the hotel they were 100% professional and tailored their suggestions to our likes/dislikes. We have stayed at top notch hotels around the US and Europe and we felt this was a great place and was unique. We stayed in the Junior Suite and it was spacious and had a nice bathroom.If you have the money - GO TO CUBE ! We are from Chicago and have been to a lot of top notch restaurants, this place is one of the best.Montreal is under major construction in the summer, however nothing is effected by it.The streets around every hotel are gettin made over so don't make this a concern.Go to Newtown Restaurant, Olive and Gourmando(1 block from hotel), and any cafe/bar in downtown. Have a Great Time and Au Revoir.	
May 30 2006	The Perfect Place to stay in Montreal!!	This is an amazing hotel! Fabulous and chic interior. Beautiful rooms and superb room extras (like lavender perfume!) Cube is not to be missed..some of the best food I have had and I have been to many five star gourmet places. Foie gras was heavenly!This hotel is in a terrific location...do not miss Olivo and Gourmando. The service is impecable. I really don't understand anyone's complaints in the past. If you are chic and fashionable and love comtempory luxury this is the place for you! If you are into old fashioned frumpy hotels with stuffy personalities, then maybe montreal is not for you.	
May 25 2006	Treated like a member of the family!	Beautiful room, super-helpful staff, great location. I agree with fellow traveler, the bed felt kind of hard while sitting on it, BUT, sleeping on it, I woke up refreshed. Some of the best sleep I've had. You need to give the beds a chance.This hotel is right at the edge of the Old Port and in a great location. You can walk everywhere and the lounge/breakfast were great. I would stay here every time I went to Montreal. It's great!	
May 16 2006	Cozy friendly hip and unpretentious	My boyfriend and I have stayed at the Hotel St Paul twice in the last two years, and it is always a highlight of our trip to Montreal. In fact, we are planning another summer trip to Quebec, and the St Paul is on the itinerary. The rooms are chic + minimalist (but not cold), the tub is TOTALLY AMAZING and fits two people (a nice treat after long walks in the city, especially when coupled with a Lush bath bomb!) and the complimentary breakfast has many options (tea, coffee, juice, fruit, cereal, toast, pastries, yogurt, cheese, cold cuts etc) and is delicious. This is not your typical &quot;free continental breakfast&quot; featuring watery java and forlorn dried-out donuts! The staff is friendly, accommodating and welcoming, something of a rarity in the boutique hotel business (in my experience, anyway.) I always recommend this hotel because I feel that it's combination of style and hospitality cannot be beat.	
May 6 2006	Friendly service ok room	Stayed there for one night. The entire staff are very friendly - couldn't seem to do enough for you.I had a basic room - it was ok very clean etc.The TV was small and outdated.If you are looking to stay in Old Montreal its a well located Hotel.The breakfast was included in the rate and was very nice.	
Mar 22 2006 	A bit disappointing	We spent two nights at this hotel, and actually we were a little disappointed. Let me start with the positives: in spite of the very modern cubic ‘design element’ present throughout the hotel, the atmosphere in the lobby was warm and cosy, with a very original large gas fireplace (but no place to sit really). We also liked the restaurant, and the bar was fun. The staff, while seemingly all quite young and a bit inexperienced, were on the whole very friendly.However: the room we originally booked (Penthouse Suite) was not available due to renovation, and we were upgraded to a Junior Suite. We were slightly disappointed in this room; it was actually a bit small, especially when we closed the sliding doors between the ‘living room’ and the bedroom. Very little closet space. Another point was that housekeeping didn’t come our way until around 2:30 p.m. By that time we already had the Do Not Disturb sign on the door, because we were exhausted from the trip and needed to sleep. So our room never got cleaned on the day we were there. (It is one of my pet peeves that a really well-run hotel should be able to have housekeeping clean all the rooms in the morning or in any case before 1 PM or so, or have some system for their guests to indicate when they would like their room cleaned.) Another problem concerned breakfast on our first morning: there was some sort of ‘crisis’ with the breakfast (the guy at reception was very apologetic) and it only became available from 9 AM, although it should have been there from 7:30. Due to jetlag we were up very early (and very hungry!) so we wandered through a cold and frosty Montreal to wind up at MacDonald’s, the only place in the area to be open at 7 on a Saturday morning.Summarizing: I think this hotel offers too little for the price compared to certain other hotels in Montreal. (We also stayed at St. Sulpice – for comments see under that hotel. In addition, an acquaintance with whom we were travelling also spent the first 2 nights at St. Paul and later spent 1 night at the Auberge Bonaparte – he was surprised at how much better the room and service were at Bonaparte, and at about half the price!)Finally a note regarding location: the hotel's location, on the edge of Old Montreal, isn't bad. Everything was within walking distance. But we preferred the location of e.g. St. Sulpice, Auberge Bonaparte, Nelligan etc. which were really in the midst of Old Montreal.	
Oct 11 2005	Loved it	As other reviewers wrote, the location was perfect. The staff was unfailingly nice and helpful. The rooms are small but we were not in Montreal to spend the day in the hotel--the high ceilings do make up for it. The beds are comfortable--it is no Ritz but you are not spending $$$$. Really, we had no complaints and will stay there next time.	
Aug 22 2005	Travelor Beware...VERY CHEAP AND RUDE STAFF	I would never stay at the St. Paul again and would warn friends from staying there. Do yourself a favor and stay at the Le'Germain or Ritz for just a few dollars more. The St. Paul is neither luxurious nor trendy.My girlfriend I just came back from our annual weekend trip to Montreal and we thought we'd try out a new hotel, the St. Paul. What a cheap hotel! This hotel tries very hard to be trendy but fails miserably. The &quot;trendy&quot; bathroom looks more like Uncle Louie's unfished basement with ugly tiles and the sink being so small and so close the faucet it's nearly impossible not to get water everywhere. Even the soap is gross. The beds are uncomfortable, the decor is guady (the light in the elevator is on top of a deer's head...is this really what trendy is?), the TVs are tiny and practically on the floor and their complementary breakfast is stale and nasty (we left and went to a brunch place to get a real breakfast). The bathroom only had two regular towels and one hand towel which is fine but not for the price you pay to stay here. We asked for more and they took a nice hour deliving us an extra towel. The bar downstairs is probably smaller than your closet.The Hotel Staff YELLED at my girlfriend. We already checked in for the first night so we were willing to stay there but wanted to go to another hotel for the rest of our stay. The Staff was not having it..and they were being very rude about it. When we tried to reason with them, the guy at reception started yelling at my girlfriend that we were going to get charged no matter what because we booked the hotel online (through St. Paul's website) and didn't book it over the phone. Apparently if we booked over the phone we could have cancelled. Should there really be a disconnect here between booking online versus over the phone? It's not like we used hotels or anything, we used the hotel's website! And should a hotel staff ready be yelling at their customers?The staff is also clueless. When we asked for good restaurants nearby (it was our first time staying on that side of town), they were useless and couldn't really tell us anything. They didn't attempt to look it up for us either. The one thing I did like about the hotel was their ironing board. That's about it.	
Aug 17 2005 	Great Experience	I stayed at the St. Paul for 5 nights this month, and had an excellent experience. The hotel is minimalist, and very, very comfortable. My room was large and well furnished. Service is tremendous - the staff are very friendly and helpful. My superior room was quite large. Rates are very reasonable for this type of boutique hotel.The advantages of the hotel's location might not be obvious to those who don't know the city. But as a former local, I apreciate how the St. Paul is central, yet away from the downown crush. It sits on the edge of Old Montreal, amid some of the most beautiful architecture in Canada. Access to the downtown area is very easy (10-15 minute walk). Some of the best restaurants in the city are in the neighborhood.I highly recommend the St. Paul, and intend to stay there again in the future.	
Aug 8 2005	Modern Elegant Refreshing	The St. Paul Hotel was true class. My husband and I went for a 2 day weekend and were extremely pleased. We arrived at the hotel on Friday night at 9:30pm. From the moment we arrived, we were pampered. The doorman welcomed us with a smile and eagerness to serve us in any way. The reception staff was wonderful! Very informative and attentive. We were so hungry after a 7 hour drive and Eric presented us with 4 restaurant menus and when we chose, he called the restaurant to make the reservation for us. We at at the Mondavi on St. Paul and it was incredible!Our room was on the Penthouse level. It was spectacular from the moment we entered. The decor was truly modern minimalist. It was not a cold atmosphere but, serene and soothing. The 13 foot ceilings, giant floor to ceiling window and view of the city was a cosmopolitan delight. The marble bathroom and giant bathtub was a treat. The room was large and streamline. The designer, Ana Barello, is absolute talent. She transformed an old historical building into a modern oasis. We looked forward to being in our room as much as visiting beautiful Old Montreal.The location was perfect! We were on the very last street of Old Montreal which meant it was located outside of the bustle but, just a 5 min walk from the historical buildings, shops and marina. Old Montreal in the summer is just beautiful!I would recommend the St Paul to anyone. The price is right. You will be happy you visited.	
Jul 28 2005	My second visit and WOW!!	Ladies and Gentlemaen, this hotel is what 5 star service is all about!! From the moment we arrived, we were greeted and welcomed. It was like the movies. He was waiting for us with an umbrella and took care of all the baggage and said that it would be in the room shortly. The service at the reception was phenominal!! It was quick and painless. And they also gave us so much info about the events in the city, festivals, and things to do. We were then pointed in the right direction to our room. The room, you must know, is clean and impeccable!! Some may say they are cold, but if you are openminded, they are beautiful! What you see on the website, is what you get. Shortly after we settled in, the doorman arrived with our luggage and an envelope from the concierge. He had gone to the trouble of printing out 5 or so restaurants around Montreal. The staff took care of all our reservations and transportation. Excellent service! The two nights at Hotel St-Paul were absolutely wonderful! It you want a hotel that treats all their guests like kings and queens, look no further...BULLSEYE!	
Jul 27 2005	Chic AND friendly	The Hotel St. Paul in Old Montreal is a wonderful place. It has the usual chic, high design look that is the norm in boutique hotels these days, with the added attraction of an incredibly friendly staff (I think we can fairly say this isn't always the norm in such hotels). The room was beautiful and comfortable, the breakfast was great (lots of fresh fruit, about 5 or 6 kinds of cheese, and various rolls, breads and pastries), and the location is perfect for a romantic weekend in a great little city. You're right there in the old city, a very walkable old place filled with restaurants and cafes, nice places to shop, etc. We never made it to the gym so I can't comment on that, but we did find a great trail that runs along the canal that is perfect for a morning run or stroll. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 29 2005	Perfect Hotel for us	For two graphic designers on their honeymoon, this hotel was perfect. We loved the decor, the simplicity, the friendly staff and the lovely breakfast provided every morning at no cost. It was relitively quiet (except for the occational morning construction down the street). There was good sushi near by, but other than that, not a lot of restaurant options right on Rue McGill. Old Montreal, Notre Dame Basilica and a view of Habitat '67 were a short walk away. Hotel St. Paul is a few blocks from the subway, which was no problem for us, but I could see how it could be too far for some. We loved our honeymoon in Montreal largly due to our stay at Hotel St. Paul. We would stay there again.	
Jun 7 2005	Minimalist Montreal	Stayed at the hotel for four nights in early June. When we arrived at hotel, we were greeted with soft lighting, classical music, truffles and a selection of sparkling and flat water in our room. Decor - stark, minimalist, no clutter; did not find it cold at allRoom - had a superior queen, which was very spacious; I found the bed a bit hard but my boyfriend loved it. The bathroom was spacious and very clean. The tub could fit three people.Food - excellent selection and quality both at breakfast and at lunch; did not eat dinner at hotelAnnoyances - had to request a shower cap, which is standard in most high-end hotels. We had a business meeting arranged in the breakfast room. We had to clear our own tables and even wipe them down while three hotel staff just watched us do so!Ambiance - the hotel was not very busy, so we really didn't get a vibe; there is always soft music playing in the hotel - electronic, jazz, bossanova. Had a few drinks at the bar one night but they were nothing special.Location - best in town. Close to shopping, entertainment and Old Montreal.Overall, would go back if the price was right.	
Apr 17 2005	We found it to be very appealing	This was our first time to Montreal. My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for one night and absolutely loved it! It was a bit pricey, but it was worth it. The staff was so friendly and helpful. The design was so modern and appealing. It was definetly a stress-free night. My only complaint is that there is no hot tub!	
Nov 11 2004	Location location location	The staff at the hotel were extremely helpful and accomodating. The parking across the street certainly made life simple. We enjoyed the location, as it was not only easy to walk uphill and get to the center of the old city but also easy to access the highway to go out to Ile d'Orleans and St. Anne de Beaupre.	
Nov 7 2004	OK But Not Great	My husband and I visited Montreal for the first time for our 5th anniversary in mid-September. We enjoy trying boutique hotels so thought we'd try the Hotel St. Paul. We booked in advance and with the exchange rate we stayed in a 3 room suite (bed room, dining room and living room) for 4 days for a pretty good price. Good location by the older part of Montreal which is somewhat tourist'y' but there is some great things to see as well (historical buildings, architecture, etc.) so much so that I prefer this part of town. And one day we walked to the downtown area where all the cool restaurants and clubs are...nice walk.The hotel itself....lobby was nice sorta cool club feel. The staff was nice. Good breakfast in the morning. The rooms were pretty big (or at least ours was). worst part of the trip...the bed was the hardest I have ever slept in ... in my entire life. After the first night I woke up with a back ache and tried to find another hotel (all were booked) or we would have left. If the beds were more comfortable we'd consider returning to the Hotel St. Paul but since we don't expect that happening we'll probably go with the newly opened W and their 'heavenly bed' for a good night sleep which is a couple of blocks from the Hotel St. Paul....before we try another boutique in Montreal.	
Oct 27 2004	Spectacular design phenomenal restaurant	We stayed two nights in October, 2004, and found the hotel to be spectactularly beautiful. Every detail was designed to perfection, including indirect colored lighting, small-tile bathroom walls, alabaster fireplace in lobby, bed canopies, wood window covers with leather pulls. Location is just fine, a few short blocks from the center of Old Montreal. Staff were very friendly and helpful. The Cube restaurant is phenomenal. Everyone should go there for at least one meal. Our room lacked comfortable seating, though, and the desk was too small to be functional. The beds are harder than most, but the bedding is above-average. If you appreciate design and are tired of the visual clutter found in many hotels, and don't mind sacrificing a little comfort, this is for you.	
Oct 23 2004	For snobs only. (stayed a week on oct.04)	If you're eager to spend big bucks on an hotel with run down rooms, terrible maintenance and crappy equipment, this is for you. I was drawn to the alledged modern style of the hotel and the old Montreal location, but in the end, I got a small room which I found very dirty, a faux fur body pillow with stains, a broken curtain, a defective TV remote and a way too high bathtub -- that is an issue for people with challenged mobility. Service wise, once, the maid forgot my towels, another time, the kleenex, another time, the soap ... should have I stayed longer :(((As for the location, although it's near the Old Port, it's not the best part. The surroundings are industrial/works like. If you want a nice hotel with a more attractive location, there's the Nelligan or the Hotel XIX siecle (near Notre Dame basilique). The only really positive things : the abundant continental breakfast and the very nice &amp; helpful staff.	
Oct 21 2004	Stylish and comfortable....good location for Vieux Montreal and Downtown	We spent 2 nights at the St Paul this month and had a comfortable and enjoyable stay. It has to be remembered that this is a city hotel with the pros and cons that go with that. Having stayed the week before in New York City, we were impressed by the room size (not huge but we had a penthouse queen and the high ceiling was nice), chic atmosphere and attention to detail- NYC did not compare for a similar price. It wasn't cheap but we got a reasonable deal on the St Paul website.I have to say that some of the desk and door staff were extremely helpful, giving us recommendations on restaurants while others were slightly more aloof. I would disagree with the reviewer who said that a downside is its location on the very edge of Vieux Montreal. It only takes 10 minutes on foot to cross to the opposite end of Vieux Montreal and who wants to be right in the heart of the bustle and &quot;touristy&quot; shops in any case? Its location was also very handy for access to Downtown. Tip: if you can go during the week, we found the hotel quiet and no problems getting a table at breakfast.Plus side: nice attention to detail, a beautiful conversion, friendly staff.Minus side: Guest rooms could have done with a few more creature comforts to take off the &quot;harshness&quot; of the decor eg a lounging chair, larger TV. The gym was sparse and one morning we were there, no machines were available (ok this is really a small detail but if they offer a gym it might as well have a couple more machines). The stereo with classical music is a nice touch but was only every switched on for us for our arrival and no turn down the second night we were there!All in all, a slightly different boutique-style hotel in an excellent location at reasonable value for money.	
Sep 20 2004	STYLISH MODERNISM	We spent a few nights at this lovely hotel to enjoy Vieux Montreal. The rooms were comfortable,baths were spacious, bed was fluffy. Modernist touches everywhere gave the hotel a jetson's feel if you enjoy such. Very Chic!!!	
Jul 29 2004	Nice..But would not recommend it!	I just got back Montreal and our stay at Hotel St. Paul. Below are reasons why I would not recommend the hotel:1) It is on the utmost outskirts of &quot;Old Montreal&quot; Not in the center of all of the action persay2) Hotel is ultra modern almost to the point of feeling cold and impersonal3) Rooms are extremely small and sparce4) No concierge...front desk doubles as the concierge5) Breakfast is pretty good but the dining room is very small and there were never clean tables for us to sit at...we always had to wait or sit at a dirty one and wait for someone to clean it up6) Television was tiny!!!It sounds pretty bad but it is an average hotel but there are much better choices in old montreal. Le Saint Suplice, Hotel Nelligan, Place De Armes.	
Jul 21 2004	Loved the St. Paul	Great Old Montreal Boutique Hotel. Hip modern decor. We had a junior suite that was quite large with great views. Huge bathroom with incredible toiletries. Cube Restaurant in the hotel is another plus. Will definitely go back	
Jul 8 2004	Great Hotel!	We have only just begun to emerge from the bliss that marked our stay in Montreal at the St. Paul Hotel. This was our second visit to this hotel, and we are, once again, grateful for the warmth and hospitality which marked our five nights there.When we were making arrangements to return to Montreal last month, we were tempted to stay at one of the many other boutique hotels which have opened in downtown Montreal. There are so many now, and so many which seem to offer so many amenities which are pleasing to us. But in the end, what convinced us to return to the St. Paul were the memories we had from our first visit there.And now, this time again, we have a multitude of good memories to remind us of all that is good about Montreal. Everyone on staff at the St. Paul was extremely helpful to us, insuring that we had a cab when we needed one, and extra hangars and extension cords and such, and housekeeping was most accommodating about our erratic sleep patterns. All of which is to say that we are very happy to have been guests at the St. Paul, and we look forward to many more pleasant nights there.Thanks for all they do to keep their guests happy and relaxed.	
Jul 5 2004	A Great Stay!!!	Upon arrival at the St. Paul we were so pleased. The first impression of the hotel is very crisp, clean, and modern. The front desk staff and the valet were above and beyond accomodating. We took a Jr. Suite, and since it was a holiday, the price was higher than usual, but worth it. We were in room 802 which was very, very quiet. The room had sparse, but modern eclectic furniture, and all the ammenities that you could desire. The rooms are not big, but the space is well laid out and the furniture is very comfortable. The bed was firm which is a nice change from the fluff beds at other hotels...we had a problem getting out of this one in the morning. The bathroom was the selling point....a tub big enough for two, and seperate sinks. We had dinner at CUBE which is in the lobby, and the food was eclectic and very good....I would reccomend this hotel highly.	
Jul 5 2004	Doesn't Live Up to the Hype	Stylish hotel but ultimately disappointing. The location is good and the rooms are attractive but there are several more pleasing boutique hotels in Montreal. The St. Paul doesn't manage to strike that elusive balance between comfort and style. If a hipster ambience is your top priority then this is may be the hotel for you. Better service and more comfort are available eslewhere in the city.	
Jun 9 2004	Exceptional hotel great service comfy beds		
May 30 2004	Loud Loud Loud		
Mar 30 2004	Wonderfull service		
Mar 15 2004	Many Thanks		
Feb 16 2004	Loved the st. Paul		
Oct 28 2003	Loved it		
Oct 24 2003	Sleek and clean		
Aug 17 2003	Hotel St. Paul- Top Class!		
Jul 25 2003	Hotel St. Paul so not worth the hype!		
Nov 25 2002	Fanfreakingtastic		
Oct 6 2009 	Excellent service!		
Aug 31 2009 	Tout dans l'apparence		
May 25 2009 	Chic discret mais très efficace !!!		
Mar 8 2009 	accueil et déco glacial !		
Feb 13 2008 	hotel confortable		
Jan 4 2008 	Vous avez dit "4 étoiles"?		
